Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Hawkeye, any visual of Arnolds?”
The villain of the day, one Franklin Arnolds, was currently hidden from view by his army of robots down on the streets of some city in Georgia. The robotic soldiers were not why the Avengers were called in, however. When the team had been told of the situation, Arnolds was in the beginning stages of what would have been a pretty pathetic attack on the city, had it not been for the container he was holding. The man was an accomplished chemist, but for whatever reason, the man had been fired from his place of work several months ago. Vengeance was always nasty business, and with a mechanism that contained some sort of chemical agent that would be released in the form of a gas, SHIELD wasn’t taking any chances.
The army of robots had been a bit of surprise. Apparently the man had been tinkering in the months of his unemployment. The army numbered into the hundreds; they weren’t anything to write home about, but there were enough of them and they were built well-enough to be causing a problem.
“Negative,” Clint replied to Agent Hill’s inquiry over his radio. He was currently perched atop one of the buildings, overlooking the scene where Thor, Black Widow, Iron Man, and Captain America were in the thralls of battle.
Bruce’s voice came over the communication line from his position in the quinjet a few blocks away. “So, it seems like the guy was fired for some highly questionable experiments he was doing with company equipment. None of that equipment is listed in the termination papers, unfortunately, but the experiments were described as ‘the fantastical notions of a madman without morals’.”
“Sounds like fun,” Tony replied as he shot his repulsors into the face of an attacking robot. 
“Immoral men are never fun,” Steve said into his radio. “We aren’t getting any closer to Arnolds with these robots he keeps throwing our way. Banner, it’s time. Stark, you know what to do.”
“Do I ever.” Tony broke away from the fight and flew toward where the quinjet was. He rounded a building and found the aircraft lowering its ramp. 
Bruce was already standing by the ramp, toeing off his shoes and unbuttoning his shirt.
“You ready, Green Bean?” Tony asked as he landed on the ramp of the quinjet. 
Bruce slipped his glasses off and set them atop the tablet he had been studying on a nearby seat. “As ready as I ever am,” he replied, resignation leaking into his voice.
“You’ll knock ‘em dead,” Tony scoffed as the physicist wrapped his arms around the suit’s neck. Before the man could make a comeback, the engineer took off back toward the battlefield, Bruce attached to his back. 
“Iron Man, what’s your position?” came Steve’s voice over the communication link within his helmet.
“Chill, Cap,” Tony answered easily. He popped around the corner of one of the taller buildings and found where the rest of the team was currently caught up in the heat of battle. “This is our stop,” he said to the man on his back as he slowed down.
“So it is,” Bruce murmured, his eyes already scanning the battlefield below them. He rapped on the helmet lightly with his knuckles. “See you on the other side.”
And with that, Bruce rolled off of the suit and fell toward the battlefield, his skin rapidly turning green as his muscles expanded. The Hulk exploded into being with a roar as he crashed into the fray.
“The cavalry has arrived,” Tony announced unnecessarily before he, too, rejoined the fight.
With the complete team now working against the villain of the week, the tide had turned. The robotic army fell easily against the combined force of lightning, brute force, and various energy blasts and lasers as Captain America and the Black Widow helped to evacuate nearby buildings of the civilians who hadn’t managed to get out before the fight had commenced. 
“I have a visual of Arnolds,” Hawkeye’s voice suddenly came over the comm link. “Up two blocks; he surrounded himself with more of the bots. No clear shot right now.”
“Proceed with caution,” Hill said to the group at large from her position on the helicarrier offshore. “We’re still trying to figure out what that chemical warfare is. Agent Barton, when you have a shot, take it.”
“Roger that.”
Steve beat a robotic soldier off of him and took a quick glance up toward where Clint had reported their target to be. “Let’s see if we can get him to send more of his bots at us,” he said to his team. His eyes went to the giant green man, who had just sent three of the metallic soldiers flying with a sharp growl. “Hulk!”
It was still a bit daunting to have the Hulk’s glare, bright and green and angry, turn and stare straight at him. Steve’s eyes darted back down the street for a second before he began to fight his way toward the Hulk. The big guy continued to smash the robots coming at him, but also moved to meet the super soldier half-way. 
“Cap, behind you—”
Steve brought his shield up and ducked just as one of the foot soldiers was about to attack his blind spot.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Bruce Feels
Bruce Needs a Hug
Childhood
Child Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
domestic abuse
Tony Feels
Hurt/Comfort
this is going to hurt
Fluff and Angst
Nightmares
Suicide Attempt
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Food
Cooking Lessons
Team Dynamics
Team as Family
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Kid Fic

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Pepper Potts

