Chapter 1: Hermit in the City that Never Sleeps
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
After the so-called Avengers Civil War, Tony Stark disappears from the public eye.  Speculation and rumors run rampant, of course.  Many wonder if Iron Man even survived.  It is three weeks before the CEO of Stark Industries, a tired and grim-faced Virginia Potts, releases a statement.  Tony Stark and James Rhodes, she says, were both grievously injured during confrontations with the rogue Avengers.  James Rhodes will remain in Germany until it is safe for him to be transferred.  Tony Stark has returned to New York for specialized treatment. 
It is another six weeks before Iron Man is seen once more.  The picture in the paper shows the familiar red and gold figure flying through the Manhattan skyline, a seemingly anxious Vision following close behind.  A few months later, Iron Patriot has joined them. 
When not encased in a mechanized suit of gold-titanium alloy, however, Tony Stark just never seems to leave Stark Tower.  Everyone from news journalists to the paparazzi to curious tourists camp out at the tower for months, hoping to catch a glimpse of the man, but he is never seen.  Everything from the galas and high-society parties he once reveled in, to his less publicized jaunts to favorite hole-in-the-wall restaurants has simply stopped.  Tony Stark has become a hermit in the middle of the city that never sleeps.
That is not to say that Tony Stark is never seen.  He introduces every new product from Stark Industries, only now he does so by streaming video rather than in front of an audience.  He video conferences constantly, attends Accords meetings remotely, gives lectures and speeches projected onto enormous screens.  However, for no matter, big or small, will he appear in person.
Even as Iron Man, Tony Stark has stepped back.  He no longer spars with reporters at press briefings.  He no longer calms and amuses the crowd that always gathers after a battle with his quips and antics.  He no longer flirts for fun with all and sundry at Avengers publicity events.  James Rhodes is now the face of the Avengers.  Iron Man never even takes off his helmet in public.  After a while, people forget to wonder why.
 




Notes:

I don't post often, but I can be found here on Tumblr. I'd love to hear from you. Comments are food for the fic writer's soul. :)
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision

freeform: 
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Mystery

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision

