Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Notes:
hey! I changed my username on this (sorry) so if you bookmarked this fic, you might wanna do it again under this one!! but again, thank you for reading, I LOVE ALL OF YOU




Chapter Text
Peter Parker hated high school. With a passion. Of course, he understood that  everyone  hated high school, but not everyone hated high school the way  he  hated high school. Especially new high schools, with unhelpful classmates and confusing hallways and a map that makes  no sense  no matter which way you turned it. Because high school was the  worst. Another student bumped into Peter’s side, not even acknowledging him before moving on. He was the–fourth? Fifth?–person to hit him since Aunt May had dropped him off barely ten minutes ago. Peter had to refrain from snapping something back. Getting punched on the first day wouldn’t really be good for him. And besides, he knew that he didn’t tend to stand out. Five times is definitely something he can handle, considering it’s probably the first of five hundr–Someone else bumped into Peter. Scratch that, five is my new limit .Peter let out the most annoyed noise he could think of (which sounded like a whale trying to play a piccolo) and turned around to see who had hit him for the  sixth time, ready to either shout at them (if they were small) or run like hell (if they were anywhere close to his physique).Then he saw the most obviously rich boy he’d ever seen in his life. His hair was dark and artfully styled back, just barely brushing the bottoms of his ears. Messy, but flatteringly so. His clothes could only be described as “grunge”, with the dark ripped jeans and fancy flannel over a vintage band t-shirt and the converse that were just messy enough to be cool. Everything looked like garbage, but it also looked like fancy garbage that probably cost more than May’s rent.Rich Boy didn’t even have a backpack.“That was probably the funniest noise I’ve ever heard out of this place. And I heard Clint scream at a mouse once, so that’s saying something.” Rich Boy snorted.Peter blinked, still shocked. “What?”“That noise? Your stellar imitation of a donkey being steamrolled?”Peter scrunched his nose. “I feel like there’d be a lot more crunching involved.”Rich Boy laughed. “Fair enough. What’s with the map?” he asked, changing subjects and grabbing the map out of Peter’s hands. “You new here?”Peter gingerly plucked the map back from him. “No, I just carry the map around as memorabilia from hell.”RIch Boy narrowed his eyes. “I don’t appreciate the  sass, newbie.” he said, sticking a finger in Peter’s face.Peter took two seconds to deliberate if it was worth sassing him back again, then decided that pissing off a very rich person was probably not the greatest idea. He gave in. “Yes, I’m new. Happy?”Rich Boy considered, crossing his arms, then shook his head. “Not even close. How about we–”A monotone bell cuts into his sentence, ringing three times. There’s a moment where Peter thinks he’s already late for his first class, but there’s still a swarm of people around him.  Must be a warning bell? “Damn. Walk and talk?” Richie offered, holding out an arm.“Only if the talking involves directions to room D135.” Peter answered, ignoring the arm.“I believe it’s thataway,” Rich Boy said, accompanied by a vague pointing, “so we’ll get there. Plus, you’re new, so no one cares if you’re late.”“Half of that answer was helpful.” Peter mumbled, following Rich Boy as he started making his way down the hall.Either Rich Boy didn’t hear him, or he ignored him. “So, what’s your name?”“Peter. You?”“Tony,” he answered, offering out a hand that Peter took. “Tony Stark. What brings you to our fine establishment today, Peter?” Where have I heard that name? “My aunt got a job here.”“Unfortunate. This town sucks ass. Got any fantastic career plans lined up?”Peter cocked an eyebrow, slightly surprised that he hadn’t said anything about the fact that he said  aunt  and not  parents  . And that he had just called the small town in California with nice weather and nice nature  boring.  “You ask a lot of questions.”Rich Boy–Tony–nudged him until he turned right, into a hall with one side almost completely glass. “I happen to like information, judgy-pants. Career plans?”Peter rolled his eyes. “Engineering or photography. Maybe something that combines them.”“Huh. I’ll keep that in mind. Oh, here’s your stop.” he announced, gesturing to the door next to Peter.Peter turned and looked, and sure enough, they were in front of room D135. That had gone faster than he expected. “Didn’t you point in the other direction when I asked?”Tony shrugged. “Pointing is rude.”“It’s a door.” Peter pointed out. “It can’t tell if you’re pointing at it.”“It still has  feelings.” “Mhmm. Well, thanks for the directions.” Peter said, nodding at the door.“Anytime. See you around.” Tony said, flashing a white smile and walking away before Peter could say anything else.The few people left in the hall seemed to st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Highschool AU
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Photography
partnerships
Angst
Protective Natasha
Bullying
physical violence
Anxiety
bully!Wade
logan is here for about two seconds

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

