Work Text:
In a couple of hours the new gauntlet design will be ready. If Tony hauls ass, by the time it's done he should also have finalized the new power regulation interface that goes with it. Best-case scenario, the Mark 51 should ready for testing around midnight. Or a bit after that. It's a good thing that the workshop is soundproof; he never seems to get to the fun parts where things go boom during socially acceptable hours.It's a total surprise – a good one of course - to find Steve in the workshop, near the main workstation. Especially with such a nice view of his glorious backside, molded in what has to be the best pair of jeans Steve owns. Baby blue, almost white, and goddamn indecent in the way they hug his ass and thighs. Tony has dubbed them the Jeans of Sex ™, that's how good they are. After a good eyeful that he can chalk as his daily dose of perving done, Tony speaks up."Oh, hey, I didn't know you were here! You should have had FRIDAY-" he starts saying.He stops, words dying in his mouth when Steve pivots towards him rapidly. He looks pissed. The trifecta of flushed cheeks, a clenched jaw and dagger-like eyes are present and announcing an epic Steve meltdown. Things will go boom a lot earlier than expected, though for the life of him Tony has no idea what he's done wrong this time."What the fuck, Tony?" Steve spits out, tone harsh and loud.Again, Tony has no clue what this is about. Normally he sees the arguments coming and evades as much as possible, but he didn't prepare for this. Nothing out of the ordinary happened in what has to be weeks now. Maybe it's a past fuck-up that has resurfaced? Tony raises his hands, trying to be as appeasing as he can. "Whoa, hey, what's going on?""This!" Steve says, jabbing his index at a list hovering in the air. "What the fuck is this shit?"Brows furrowed, Tony cautiously approaches, speed reads the entry and... oh, it's the AVALON protocol.>>> +++ Radio silence>>> OD>>>
Steve
Jim
Pepper
Team
Happy
Civilians

biggest number
kids
parents
others


Non-civilians

First responders
Key political players
SHIELD
Police
Armed Forces

Local troops
Allies




Kamikaze if probabilities of success > 65%. Rise to 7 if medium to high threat.
Obey tactical orders

Steve
Jim
Team
Pepper
SHIELD
Happy
United Nations
President
First responder
Police
Armed Forces


Minimize (collateral or otherwise)

Injuries
Property damage


>>> >>> Use of lethal force: only if previously authorized>>> Does not override ICARUS protocol
 No one was supposed to see this list, and he wonders how the hell FRIDAY even allowed Steve to access it. The AVALON protocol has been uploaded to the suits’ systems for months, and that file was definitely not open when Tony left the workshop earlier to take a quick shower. It is a sensitive set of rules, granted, but not one that was hard to build at all. Well not much, because Tony still feels guilty about Happy being 5th in the order. However, it's also a logical list and a perfectly valid way to go, so he doesn’t know why Steve is acting so offended. Tony grows defensive in return-whatever he chooses to do, it's never good enough. "What does it look like, Steve?" he says, crossing his arms over his chest and clenching his jaw, getting angrier by the second. Nothing manages to rile him up like Steve getting self-righteous. It's a gift."It looks like a load of bullshit!" Steve declares. "Looks fine to me!" Tony says, eyes scanning down the list again. No one would blame him for it. But maybe the problem is that he prioritized his closest and dearest. "Is it the order that puts your panties in a twist?"Steve looks as if Tony is a second away from being grabbed by the shoulders and shaken hard.  "The order is just one of the many unacceptable things on this screen!" Unsurprisingly, it makes Tony bristle even more. He will not put up with being belittled like this. If Steve has something to say about the AVALON protocol, then he should come out and say it instead of being vaguely sanctimonious. Tony could snipe too, but he chooses to pitch his voice sweet and biting and plays the fake civility card. "Did I forget something? Pray tell, if it's that much of an omission.""Did you-" Steve stops, seems to get two shades darker and then downright yells the rest. "I can't with you, Tony! Kamikaze? In what world is that even acceptable? And what the fuck is ICARUS?" There it is, he's a disgrace again. It seems that Captain America being done with him is a recurring theme in Tony's life, even though he tries so hard to be good, to be better. Tony would give anything for Steve to be proud of him, for once, to acknowledge that he's trying his best. That's all he wants, but every time he misses by a mile. As for the kamikaze line, of course Tony's going to throw the armor at the problem if there's a 65% chance of success in squashing it! It's the fucking right thing to do! As for ICARUS, well that is non-negotiable. Always has been."ICARUS is a hardwire fail-safe alrea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pining
Self-Sacrificing Tony Stark
the avalon protocol
Love Confessions
First Kiss
First Time
Hand Jobs
Getting Together
an argument leading to something more

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

