Chapter 1: Get Cracking
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The creature didn’t like where he was being held. It was too warm. And dry. Far, far too dry. And he didn’t have enough room to stretch out his tentacles.
It wasn’t fair. He just wanted a tasty treat. There was this tempting metal thing floating in the deep ocean, and he could hear all the tasty soft things mucking about inside. He thought it would be child’s play to bust it open and have a little snack. Just like those clams he used to eat when he was just a spawnling!
But the soft tasty things inside were strange. Their upper form looked similar to his upper form, but their tentacles were far too few and too short. They moved with such rigidity it was a wonder they could move at all! They must have been some kind of eel though, a close cousin perhaps, because they used electricity to shock the heck out of the creature before he knew they could even do that. He woke up in this dry square little cave.
He didn’t like the cave.
He couldn’t get out of the cave. Not until they opened the door at least. After that, he was confident in his ability to overpower them and be free.
And then she arrived. He thought it might be a ‘she’ anyways based on how much bigger she was from the rest of the eel-cousins, but to be honest, he wasn’t sure. Nor did he really care. Beauty transcended morphology in his opinion, and oh, was she beautiful! Three of her four tentacles were petite, lovely little things, all covered in some kind of black hard algae. But her fourth tentacle was a glorious metal appendage with the image of a bright red star fish emblazoned on the side! Her upper form had brown cilia that flowed down in waves and her eyes were jellyfish blue.
It was love at first sight!
Day after day the eel-cousins brought the beauty to him, and day after day she would unwind a long thin black tentacle extension out of her metal appendage. She spent hours lightly licking him with the soft little knots on the end! It was such sweet torment; to be touched for only brief seconds! She chattered at him like the eel-cousins did, but he knew that true understanding could only come from physical communion.
He wanted to reach out to her so badly, to bridge that gap of understanding, but his progenitor taught him better manners than that. He waited, patiently, for her to close the distance; to reach out with her other limbs and embrace him as a mate should. Until then, he restricted his movements to returning her light caresses, as is proper courtship behavior. He didn’t want to mess up this opportunity! He would happily stay in this dry cave as long as it took to woo her to his side. Escape could wait until after their courtship was complete, and then they could leave together.
But one day his mate-to-be did not return.
One of the stupid eel-cousins came in with its own long black tentacle and attempted to seduce him away from waiting for his love.
Its attempts were pathetic. He couldn’t even feel them! How would it ever seduce a mate if it couldn’t put any force into its caresses? The eel-cousin’s black tentacle flailed about with none of the grace that his beloved showed. He was offended at how they were clearly mocking their courtship.
He missed his would-be lover. He grew restless and debated about renewing his efforts to breach the dry cave. In the end he decided to stay; perhaps his love would return to him in time. Surly she felt the instant connection just has he did?
The eel-cousins came in greater numbers to attempt to mate with him, chittering all the while. This angered him; one could only have a single mate! The bond was sacred and he had clearly already chosen his mate-to-be!
He thrashed around, damaging the little eel-cousins whenever they came too close to him. He even managed to grab a few to snack on for later.
Eventually his metal limbed beauty was brought back to him. He was overjoyed at her return!
But the lovely creature was damaged! Strange red fluid seeped from her face and limbs. He wasn’t sure what that fluid was, but it probably wasn’t good. He had to help her! Heal her, if needed! How could he call himself a worthy mate if he wasn’t willing to aid his beloved in times of scarce food and injury?
Before she could react, he reached his many tentacles out and reeled her in towards his center mass.
She thrashed weakly; whatever was wrong with her must have caused her to panic. He would sooth that away for her. Comfort her in this time of physical hardship.
He gently tasted her with his suckers as he cradled her close. With those soft touches came the mental communication he had been pining for ever since their first careful tentacle grope.
Oh sweet moon, she was filled with so much pain and fear! So much that he sat stunned for a moment. Truly his mate-to-be was a resilient creature, to withstand such suffering.
She chittered slowly at him, and via their mental connection he finally understood her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tentacle/Bull Whip

freeform: 
Crack
Consentacles
Tentacle Monster Steve
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Implied/Referenced Torture
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Sex
Hand Jobs
Well more like Tentacle Jobs
Least sexy sex ever
Steve's got no idea what he's doing.
Happy Ending
Humor
I hope
Super cracky story
I blame the RBB artist chat
seriously
This is all their fault
I haven't slept in a really long time
Quarrish Trash Party
Which pretty much just implies lots of tentacles
Tentacle Steve Eats People
Plot and Feels managed to worm their way into my crack
How did that even happen?
Blow Jobs
Double Penetration
Multiple Orgasms
Cuddling
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Dissociation
Memory Loss
Cap!Sam
Flashbacks
Cake
Panty Raids
Courtship
Telepathic Tentacles
lots of panties
Semi-Public Sex
Sam does not deserve this shit
Poor Clint too
fanfic crossover!
Characters from Dishonor On Your Cow series show up
with permission of course
eating issues
because hydra
two bucky two steve cuddle pile
Dimensional Travel
Dirty Talk
Steve tries anyways
The Cake Is Not A Lie
Anal Fingering
Masturbation
Magical healing tentacles
Prostate Milking
Come Eating
Spy things
Suddenly PLOT?
Discussion of Reproduction
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tentacle/Bull Whip

