Work Text:
When she headed out on collection duty it had been a beautiful spring day. Blue sky, puffy white clouds in the shape of sheep and dragons, warm sunshine, and cartoon bluebirds with garlands of spring flowers held in tiny little beaks. Okay, maybe not that last one, but all in all a beautiful day. Now, hours later in the middle of Bumfuck, Alaska, the wind is picking up and the pilot of the helicopter is swearing and sweating profusely, which ew, as he lands in a small clearing south west of her destination. “You have five minutes; I can’t hold her any longer than that with the storm coming.”“That’s all I need to collect Captain Rogers,” Darcy says, unbuckling the safety harness, zipping up her coat and swinging her go bag over her shoulder at the last second. SHIELD is kinda like the Boy Scouts, in the always be prepared way, or maybe the Girl Scouts, shame they don’t sell cookies. The wind is freezing—biting at her bare hands and face, flakes of snow stuck in her hair as she troops through the woods. The cabin is small, made of sturdy logs and grey stone. Smoke is cheerfully drifting from the chimney as she adjusts her bag and glances warily at the darkening sky. As she steps up onto the tiny porch the door swings open and Captain America stands in the open doorway framed by the light from the cabin behind him.His red plaid shirt is rolled up to the elbows to reveal a plain white thermal shirt underneath, dark denim jeans and brown work boots; his hair is neatly brushed but his face is covered in a scruffy beard.  He looks like some sort of lumber jack angel and not at all like the slightly old fashioned Captain Rogers she’s met while roaming the halls of SHIELD. He looks good. “Agent Lewis,” he says with a smile that lights up his face. Darcy’s mind goes blank for a second, butterflies whirling in her belly. “Captain Rogers,” she nods, lips twitching up in an echoing smile.  The wind blows at her back and she takes an involuntary step forwards.“I thought Clint was on pick up duty,” Rogers says.“Barton’s on lockdown for pissing off Hill. So I’m your girl...er...um...Coulson sent me,” Darcy says, face heating up as she stumbles over her words. Another blast of icy wind creeps down her neck and plasters her loose hair over her eyes. She shoves her hair out of her face, pulling it back into a ponytail using one of the hair ties wrapped around her wrist.  Darcy's hyper-aware of Steve watching every move she makes.  "Let's make like a tree and leaf, Cap."“I’ll grab my bag,” Rogers says, taking a step back into the cabin and bending over to grab his bag. Damn. Darcy drags her eyes away to look at the storm darkening the sky. “Okay, let’s go.”They take exactly four steps away from the cabin when the helicopter lurches into the sky heading away from them. “What the fuck,” Darcy says, spitting hair out of her mouth and shouting over the comm. unit. “Goddamn it, Franklin, you are not leaving me up on this mountain with Grizzly Adams.”
“Sorr....Lewi....storm...back lat...”
“I’ve seen this movie. It didn’t end well,” Darcy snarks stomping her foot.“Come on, Agent. Let’s get back inside before you freeze,” Rogers says, eyes grim and jaw clenching and unclenching. Darcy nods and follows him back up the steps and into the cabin. She can barely feel her hands anymore, and her face stings. The interior of the cabin is nicer than it looks from the outside. Rustic and cozy. A small kitchen on the left, wooden cupboards, and a small table with two hand carved wooden chairs. A closed door leads off to what she supposes must be the bathroom and in front of the fire stands a pair of brown leather chairs and a rectangular rug in  dark red. She wonders why there isn’t a bear skin rug or the head of some dead animal on the wall. The right side of the room is dominated by a large bed covered in a plush blue and white quilt and altogether too many throw pillows in blues, whites and reds. Captain Rogers kneels by the banked fire, poking and prodding it back to life as Darcy strips out of her coat and boots, shaking the snow from her hair before it melts. “Come over to the fire and get warm, Darcy. I need to get more wood from the porch.”“Sounds good...Steve....I’ll, uh, see if I can get word to SHIELD,” she says, pulling her phone out and crossing over to kneel by the fire.  She calls Coulson to let him know about the storm and she hands over the phone to Steve after he drops a load of wood to stack beside the fireplace. He says very little on the phone, and Darcy can’t help but stare at Steve’s beard as he talks, trying to decide how many shades darker than his hair it is. He doesn’t really look like the Captain America she is used to seeing in HQ."What?" Steve asks as he slides his thumb across the phone ending the call.“It’s just...”“It’s just...?”“Your beard.”“My beard.”"Oh my god, stop repeating everything I say,” Darcy says, rolling her eyes. “The beard makes you look so different. Not all perfect and untouchable." Unt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Trope Bingo Round 2
Sharing a Bed
Sharing Body Heat
Huddling For Warmth
Steve is a space heater
Sexual Content
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Awkwardness
Banter
Fluff and Smut
Domestic
Pining
Marking
Masturbation
Beards (Facial Hair)
beardy!steve

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

