Work Text:
Steve had exactly one picture of Bucky Barnes, and Phil Coulson was the one who’d given it to him. Three months after the Chitauri attack on New York, one month after Fury deigned to tell the team that Phil still counted amongst the living, Phil was convalescing and Steve had taken to visiting him down on his floor. Phil was the one who helped Steve figure out his Stark tablet — the Starklet, though Steve hated to call it that because it made him think of hundreds of tiny Tonys running around getting greasy fingerprints everywhere and blowing things up. Phil was the one who’d filled Steve in on the end of the war, and the military history of the US in the intervening years. Phil was the one who’d explained the civil rights movement, and Stonewall, and Roe v. Wade. Phil shared a floor in the Tower with Clint. No one said anything about it around Steve, but Steve thought maybe Phil and Clint were an item. Sleeping through Stonewall or not, he knew better than a lot of people about the need for discretion. Steve was gonna keep Phil’s secret. He was good at that.Steve usually visited Phil when Clint was reporting for duty at SHIELD headquarters. Steve got the feeling Phil’s entire career had been built on looking deceptively inert and unthreatening, but sitting around Stark Tower while his body slowly knit itself back together was driving him up the wall. His talks with Steve helped him feel a little less useless, and Steve felt no need to stop them, even when he could Google on his own and make Pepper laugh with a reference to the Princess Bride. If he were honest with himself, and he liked to be, Steve could admit that Phil helped ease his own loneliness, just a little bit.The morning of Bucky’s birthday, though, Steve didn’t know whether he wanted to hole up alone in his room with his sketchpad or go sit on Phil’s couch watching one of those strange shows Phil liked where everyone pretended what was being filmed was real life. Phil understood about not having to fill up silences — that was another thing Steve liked about him. He definitely didn’t want to talk shop with the team — Fury had them tracking the world’s most elusive assassin, a Russian operative called the Winter Soldier who had recently been spotted on American soil. And even though Natasha had a personal relationship with this Winter Soldier, Steve still half-believed most of it all was a ghost story, a relic from the Cold War dreamed up to scare good little agents into doing their jobs right. He couldn’t face talk about wars and assassins today. Today, he needed a day off. In the end, Steve decided not being by himself was a better option than breaking all his charcoal and tearing up the pages.  Able to afford the supplies now or not, he still cringed at modern prices — and he thought he always would. Like his old landlady, the Widow Malone, balking at the cost of turnips. But he got down to Phil and Clint’s floor and Phil was in front of the couch surrounded by boxes of comics. When he looked up at Steve’s approach, he flushed a dull red. He hadn’t done that since the earliest days of their acquaintance. “Hey, Steve,” he said.“What’s all this?” Steve said, taking a seat on the floor across from Phil.Phil cleared his throat. “I know what day it is,” he said, and Steve’s heart stumbled in its timekeeping. He found his throat doing its damnedest to replicate an asthma attack he’d never have again, and when he met Phil’s eyes he found only sympathy. “I thought — well, if you wanted, I thought I could show you a few of the original stories he’s in. And.” Another clearing of the throat, and Phil’s ears were blazing. He rummaged around in the box directly to his right and produced a browning paper sleeve. He handled it as if it were precious, a Fabergé egg liable to crumble through his fingers, and out slipped a matte photograph in high contrast black and white. It was Bucky. It was Steve and Bucky in uniform, sitting around a table playing cards and drinking beers — nursing a beer, in Steve’s case. The camera had caught Steve, beatifically happy as he gazed at Bucky with quirk to his smile. He’d just told a joke, and Bucky — God. Bucky was laughing, beautiful and shining, head thrown back and teeth gleaming. This was Bucky, distilled and perfect, and taking in the sight for the first time in far too long (six months, three days, fourteen hours — and sixty-seven years) made heat bloom behind Steve’s ribs. It was cleansing, it was nauseating, it was altogether too much. Tears prickled behind his eyes and a laugh bubbled out from his throat as he took the photo from Phil’s hands. Beyond the borders of the photograph, Steve saw Phil duck his head and busy himself with an old comic.When Steve got a grip on himself, he put the photo down in his lap and looked up at Phil.“Thank you,” he said, voice thick. Phil slouched in on himself and gave a minute shrug, lips curling up in a tiny, embarrassed smile. “I got it in an auction in ’98. There was a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Fanboy Phil Coulson
Genderbending
gender misdirection
Period-Typical Sexism

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson & Steve Rogers

