Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  


 "If only it were possible to love without injury." 




Graham Greene


 



Loki paces the room, stopping only to shoot Thor a look full of hatred and to tear the collar of his ceremonial robes open, apparently so flushed with rage that he needs more air to burn. Thor's tongue is dry and sticking to the roof of his mouth despite the cups of mead he drank. Now is the time. He cannot keep his secret any longer. “What?” Loki sneers at him, catching Thor's gaze. “There is something you need to know.” He looks away then and clears his throat because his voice was hoarser than he expected. Loki ceases his pacing and a small frown appears on his face for just a moment. “I cannot... I cannot have you believe...” he stops, words failing him. Loki's eyebrows are raised and Thor humourlessly realizes that Loki has absolutely no idea of what Thor is going to say. “This marriage,” Thor tries again, “was not of my making. Father conceived the plan without consulting me. In that maybe, we stand on the same ground.” “Yes, you are the picture of inno-” Loki jumps in with a nasty curve of his lip but Thor will not be interrupted. “But I love you. I've always loved you. I've loved you as a brother, but also... more. Desired you since I knew what desire was. And it's selfish of me, I know, but I cannot lie about it any longer.” Loki blinks slowly and this marks the last second of Thor's foolish hope. Because what he said is true – he simply cannot deceive Loki now. He might have hid his feelings from his brother, but not from his husband. It would be inconceivably unfair. And that is his main reason for this disclosure, but there is also more, so shameful that he doesn't even want to put it into words. Hope. Hope that maybe Loki was hiding the same desires. That maybe the Norns cursed them with brotherhood and love alike, forcing them to yearn in mutual secret. And that in this moment, Loki will finally dare let on what he feels. A heavy goblet flies through the air and hits Thor square between the eyes. “I will kill you!” Loki shrieks. “You disgusting piece of stone giant's dung!” And then he is upon Thor, raining down blows, drawing blood with nails, curling fists to pummel Thor's face. Thor fights back only meagerly, raising his arms as the basest of defences. “Not your plan? Not your plan?! You tell me you didn't plan this but that you...you... ugh!” Loki is spitting in rage that makes his previous state look like perfect calm. He has Thor backed up against a wall, kicking at his shins and burrowing his fists into Thor's stomach so hard he bends over. Thor doesn't fight back, because he knows he deserves it. This and more. Loki screams every insult known to the Nine Realms at Thor for long minutes, his hands smashing into every accessible part of Thor's skin. It's all he can do. His magic is bound to Thor's will, one of the results of the ancient marriage ceremony they had endured just hours before. Ancient and decidedly un-equal, fashioned to force submission of one party to the other. A relic from times harsher than these, from times of endless war. It is Loki's punishment for what he did to Jotunheim and Midgard. The memory of the All-Father speaking the sentence with cold, merciless eyes is fresh in both of their minds. Death or submission, those were the terms. Finally exhausted, Loki steps away and Thor slumps against the wall, blood dripping from several cuts on his face, but he barely feels them. Neither is he terribly concerned about the bruises that probably will soon bloom all over his torso and legs. It's his brother he cares about. Loki is watching him from a couple of steps away, breathing hard and clenching his bloodied fists. “I'm sorry,” Thor croaks and he knows it's probably the most useless thing he has ever said. “Are you,” Loki spits. “I am sorry to cause you pain and I am sorry to make you do this. I am sorry for sharing my own shameful burden with you.” It's not enough of course, nothing could ever be enough, but he is glad that he said this. That he at least attempted to explain. Loki's face splits into a manic grin and he shakes his head. “No. No. I will not. I will not stand for this.” He pauses then, laughing with an edge of madness. “And to think they call me the monster. What are you, really, Thor? How deep does this perversion of yours run? How did you hide it so well? You are not as golden now, are you, Odinson? Never have been. I am quite peeved that I missed this. Imagine the Hel I could have turned your life into if you had revealed yourself sooner.” Thor shuts his eyes as if that would stop the storm of words coming his way. He can hardly draw breath for the terror he feels. “But as it is, I will not let you do this. I will not give you the satisfaction. I will rather die.” And Thor's eyes snap open and he takes an unconscious step from the wall towards Loki. Because he knows Loki is not being metaphorical. In fact, there is a very real possibility that L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Fuck Or Die
Non-Consensual
Guilt
Forgiveness
Hurt/Comfort
Violence
Temporarily Unrequited Love
Consensual Rough Sex
Reconciliation
Consensual Sex
Oral Sex
Complete
Wordcount: 30.000-50.000

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

