Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It all starts on a Thursday, but that’s only because SHIELD as an entity has a long standing tradition of subtle irony. Thursday morning briefings have unofficial names and most involve puns on Thor’s Day.  They are also when the intelligence from Asgard and anyone associated with them is passed around to the relevant parties. It’s normally an entertaining day, because any news from Asgard is always scoped larger than life, even if it is just “Thor is delayed once again.” A few of the linguistics specialists have a pool on how many Old Norse loanwords will be used in the direct quotes section, and what the most archaic will be. Clint’s still trying to get a grasp on modern English, so he just observes this pool instead of being knee-deep into the betting like he is for the rest. Like, which agent is most likely to finish their mission 75% or more naked, and when will Woo and Hartmann finally get together (Clint’s got December 8th, because Hartmann is due back from her field op in Bulgaria the week before).Clint isn’t allowed to participate in the “Recipient of the Captain America Guilt Trip” pool, because after the last time he pulled a prank just to get a little extra cash for the weekend, Natasha won for betting on Clint getting it twice in one week. When you work closely with the same people for years, your entire work environment just becomes one giant drinking game.Still, he’s thinking about Agent Petrov and how he’s trying to finance his kid’s private school tuition and that it would probably be a little bit easier if he can get Cap to at least act like Clint has done something foolish next Tuesday, when the final bullet point for Thor’s Day is addressed. The rest of the meeting has been Asgardian politics and that’s a subject that he really cannot keep in his head unless maybe his life depended on it.  And even if his life depended on it, he’d probably just guess at the subject. He hasn’t really been paying attention.“I’m sorry, what were you saying?” Clint interrupts Sitwell as he’s taking down the agenda and the rest of the agents are pushing away from the table. There was something important, something concerning the science division that he said, and the Asgard science division is technically where Darcy works.If you took a flowchart to Clint’s mental functions right now, the decision tree shorts out sometime after Sitwell telling him that Jane Foster and Darcy Lewis have missed their last two check-ins.When he finally comes to his senses and there's no heat in his mind that threatens to take him over, Clint's in an office. The small office he's sure is supposed to be his, but he never uses it so there's storage boxes stacked in half the corners and his fingers have cleared away just a little bit of the film of dust on the desk. If you are consistently in your office, people know where you can be found, and that's just not Clint's MO. A fundamental part of him is all about avoiding extra work.Which is why it's surprising that he has a stack of files on his desk that, according to the jackets, he checked out. Since when does he check out files? Clint is given files sometimes and more often files are forced on him. And then he remembers just whose files and surveillance, communication logs and such he's checked out.Darcy and Jane are missing and no one seems to care. They are just a footnote in a short briefing, something pended to be followed up on later; if it becomes urgent.They haven't been seeing each other long. And that's more because they haven't actually seen each other much. He has his own missions; she has science field trips all across the country and sometimes other countries too. He saves the world and she helps Jane put the universe to rights, but neither job gives them much time to see or talk to each other.  And when they do get together, they aren’t always going out, per say.As much as he likes that part of whatever they've got going, he likes it when their schedules align enough to talk almost more, because compared to his dating history, she's downright refreshing. She's not complicated, doesn't have a file six inches thick and the emotional landscape of a minefield.Darcy reminds him of the women he saw around town before his parents died, the ones his father called too smart for their own good, the ones that pressed business cards into his mother's hand. They looked just as hard and worn as every other woman he saw out on the outskirts of town, but there was something to them that hadn't been ground down. She's the same as the young waitresses in the countless diners he'd taken refuge in, after Barney had left him alone in the circus, who would sit down and talk to a young kid about how they were going to go to college and get out of this town for good.Clint's wondered how often that happened, and how often they returned back to the dust of where they came from, unhappy but bound to the grit, wiping spills off of diner chairs and pie crumbs off the c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Road Trips
Developing Relationship
Classic Cars
Infidelity
Sexual Identity
Fusion: Comic and MCU

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton & Kate Bishop

