Work Text:
James Rhodes, anybody who knew him would describe him as the man who is just and fair, the man who achieved medals and awards despite the prejudice against his skin, the good soldier and an even greater man. However, if they were to choose anything that would like to be changed, it would be his… obsession with one genius, billionaire, playboy philanthropist. So, it stood with good reason that when he saw Tony, bruised and broken Tony—Tony, Oh Tony— brought in by Vision, he was sagged with relief. Tony may be bruised and injured, but he would live, he would live and give a few months, he would be back to his cheerful obnoxious self. He ignored the small nagging part of his brain which took in the dent on the armor which looked vaguely like a shield, because that couldn’t have happened, right? Right. Except it did. Three days after Tony was brought in, Tony was still in coma, the media and public was having a field day crucifying Tony, because of course Captain America is the right side, who was Tony to oppose him, for Tony to take responsibility, to stop hiding like a coward and justice would be served. If James was not feeling frustrated with Tony still not waking up, frustrated with the beeping machine, frustrated that he was only sitting around when his best friend was in critical condition, frustrated with his uselessness, his useless legs, his useless wheelchair, he was just so fucking useless, he would have understood that the public was scared and with Cap and his merry band in hiding, the only one they could reach was Tony, that it was normal and understandable, but he was not given the time to understand. Because after a painstaking three days, FRIDAY was finally online again and the recording from the suit of what happened in Siberia before FRIDAY was cut off was the last straw that broke the one named James Rhodes, because if the world denied the existence of Tony Stark so much, then the world should just burn. - The first step of world domination was, as any attempt of world domination should be, call Virginia Pepper Potts. “Ja—“ “I’m doing it.” Silence reigned the other side for a few second and James didn’t explain any further, because Pepper understood and there wasn’t any need to explain anything. “…Okay, I’ll pack and get to New York as soon as possible, meet you at the compound?” “I’ll be there,” Then he hung up, because he was fixated on the security footage replaying over and over again, because he wanted to burn the image of Tony feeling betrayed and hurt by one of his own friends and this was his fault, for being blinded by his own admiration and handed Tony with reckless abandon to a bunch of fucking traitors. And just like his mistakes with Stane and palladium incident, he would make up for it. In his own way. - Funny how people thought of him as a man of justice and Tony as the erratic troublemaker who had one foot in to the making of a supervillain, when he was the one planning so called world domination for years and no one had a clue about it. When he first started planning it was after palladium poisoning incident, he had been feeling so heavy with guilt that he had once again not been there and betrayed the most important person in his life. His guilt and the need to make up for Tony result in the idea of making a plan to protect Tony from anything even from himself should it be needed. When he looked the broken form of his friend, the most important person in his life, it was clear that if he wanted to protect this one person he needed to go against the world, the choice had never been easier because James would do anything, anything, for Tony and burning the world who had been so cruel to Tony was a delight James wouldn’t pass off. He gripped Tony’s hands gingerly, eyes burning the image of his one friend, “Need to go for a while, Tones. Wait for me.” His voice might have shaken, but his determination didn’t. Justice needed to be served after all.  -  Pepper could only tremble after watching the video, though she only needed one calming breath before she was back to her usual efficient self. “What do you need me to do?” Sometimes he understood why Tony fell for Pepper all those years ago. - When he was going through all the plan with FRIDAY, he got a pleasant surprise by the sentient android. “I have come to a decision to help your plan.” “…You know you don't need to, right?” “Yes, but I want to help… for Dad”, the smile, albeit small, he gave was positively blinding in its expressiveness for an android. Well, that’s one potential enemy crossed off the list. (He had one less friend that he needed to kill.) - When he arrived in Tony’s lab in Malibu, he was overwhelmed with emotions, because even after all his mistakes and betrayals Tony still gave him, him, access to everything and the guilt was festering more and more space as he was using the project with the opposite goals of what Tony had in mind. Then he remembered, the media, the public, of Howard, of the fuckin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
can be read as James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
kinda Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dark Rhodey
Dark Pepper
Villain Rhodey
Villain Pepper
Dark Vision
Sort Of
Minor Character Death
Drug Use
Mention of torture
Imprisonment
BAMF Pepper
BAMF Rhodey
Rhodey-centric
Tony-centric
World Domination
It Was Supposed To Be
Villain Tony
but it went astray
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Team Iron Man
Team Cap is full of shit
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Rhodey and Pepper would do anything for tony
Iron Legion
Not A Fix-It
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
can be read as James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
kinda Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

