Work Text:
Disclaimer: X-Factor Investigations and the concepts/ideas of the Marvel 1602 verse belong to their respective creators/editors and Marvel Comics. They are not mine.  Note: This is the sequel to my previous story “Blessings and Curses” which was written for the 2013 Comics Big Bang. Also, the names of some of the characters have been ‘adjusted’ slightly to fit the time period, so Rictor is Julian and Guido is Gideon, and Longshot is Lionel. Everyone else pretty much remains the same. Another character from the 616 verse makes her Marvel 1602 debut, also.
The mix created by Anna can be found here on 8tracks.com  here: "soundtrack">
Prologue“You know I set great store by my things,” Monet remarked casually, as if it were no big deal, however, her stance on the floor of their headquarters and the placement of her hands on her hips belied her lazy, nonchalant tone. Gideon leaned forward from where he lounged in an over-stuffed leather arm-chair, half-dozing, and grinned. “If we allowed you to bring only half of your stuff aboard, Monet, but we would have to cut down on at least a third of everyone else’s stuff.” He sighed and rolled his eyes and then added:“I think we can convince the ship’ cargo master to find room for it,” she retorted, but there was no real heat in it.Gideon stepped away for a moment, and stood in front of the heap of parcels and trunks, warily eye-balling each of them in turn as he complete each successive rotation.  He half suspected that there might be some kind of trap lurking inside of them, say something along the lines of innocuous barrels that had spurred forward the Gunpowder plot of several months ago. The plot had been the work of a disgruntled individual by the name of Guy Hawkes who had attracted other like-minded folks into setting off the explosion.  It might well have succeeded, too, but something had gone wrong, and the conspirators had been discovered and punished to the full extent of the law. In the land where King James ruled, that usually ended with the poor unfortunate wretch dangling from a noose. Gideon shuddered to think what ‘their fate might have been had James and his Witchbreed hunters had ever managed to catch up with them. Turning back to face Monet once more, all he said aloud was. “Yeah, I think we can manage, but do you really require that many cases of makeup?”“Each ensemble is carefully calculated to the last degree and to complement my skin tone, so, yes, I really do need that many makeup cases.”Monet had lived and worked beside the various members of Madrox’s former royal investigators in charge of specialized services for over three years now, and for the most part found it an agreeable arrangement. When she was being especially honest with herself, Monet was well aware that she was what those among her social circles referred to as ‘high maintenance.  She could also be stubborn, and although she was born and bred to high society, it was the causal every day interaction that still seemed, well, problematic. Until recently, that disconnect had seemed to be getting better. Perhaps, better put, not as bad it as used to be. Or maybe she was simply allowing those carefully constructed walls, both mental and physical to slip ever so slightly, allowing other people in. Even as she thought this over, she suddenly recalled something that her father, an ambassador had once told her, something that she had never really thought about for quite some time, the thing about putting up walls is to see is whether or not anyone would try and break them down and find out what was behind them.Monet smiled, ever so slightly, and thought to herself, ‘We will see, will we not.’At that moment, Theresa came down carrying a trunk and whistling, her red hair tousled and wind-blown. “I could hear ye all the way on the third floor. Are ye ready to leave yet?”“Yes, we were just discussing, ah, portage and distribution of labor, “Monet calmly replied.Following along at her heels were Julian and the red-headed mercenary, Shatterstar.“I thought the boss said we had to travel lightly, so as not to overly attract attention,” Julian remarked.“Ah, that he did,” Theresa seconded.“So, the sooner we get moving, the better,” replied Gideon.**
On the way to the shipyards and travelling across the Atlantic to the New WorldJulian Richter found Theresa Cassidy leaning against the port railing, alone, her gazed fixed on the roiling and swelling water of the Atlantic Ocean, her green-eyed gaze with the fixed expression of a man whose attention was not so entirely focused on the task at hand, but rather preoccupied with other matters.Julian cleared his throat, and tapped her on the shoulder. “Got a minute?”“Oh, Julian, Ah I didna see ye there, of course,” she replied, the still heavily accented Irish lilt still very much apparent despite all the time she had spent travelling both in the company of her father and more recently in finishing school in London.He cleared his throat loudly and th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jamie Madrox/Layla Miller
Julio Richter/Shatterstar

freeform: 
Lila Cheney - Freeform

fandom: 
Jamie Madrox/Layla Miller
Julio Richter/Shatterstar

