Chapter 1: From the Get-Go
    


Summary:

This fic is functionally an archive of asks answered over at BuckyKingOfMemes on Tumblr. Not every ask from the blog makes it over here (for a variety of reasons) and not every ask even gets answered (because I get a LOT of asks), but if you would like to submit a question, you're welcome to do so through the tumbr askbox. Please do read the FAQ on the blog--one of the more important points is that my Bucky is not and will not be shipped with anyone (though you're welcome to headcanon whatever you like) so shipping asks will almost always be ignored.





Chapter Text


Theowlisthelimit

 asked: what's the worst thing
That feeling when you’re stabbing someone and the knife hits bone. Super gross. Also, when Steve uses up all the hot water. 
Anonymous asked: hey asshole. Best thing about the future besides Steve’s new and improved™ ass?
All you can eat buffets and NASA. And there’s nothing new or improved about Steve’s ass. It’s the same as it has been for the last 90 years - in need of kicking. 
Anonymous asked: are you left handed or right handed?
I literally only have a right hand you ass. The other one is a terrifying weapon of destruction & mayhem.  Anonymous asked: what do you want to be when you grow up?Taller than Steve again. 
 anonymous asked: I WILL GIVE YOU MY LEFT ARM
 Trust me on this–that never goes well. 
Anonymous asked: have you tricked Clint into getting his tongue frozen to your arm yet?
You clearly haven’t thought this through. If I did that, then Clint would be stuck to me. That would be terrible. 
Anonymous asked: #old man yells at cloud.

It’s a storm cloud 2. Thor is inside it 3. I am yelling at Thor, not the cloud because 4. He somehow electrified the TOILET



hannatude

 asked: Bucky, what do you use to get your hair looking so soft?! I've tried EVERYTHING and it just results in a fuzzy, frizzy mess.
Repeated deep-cooling treatments. 
Anonymous asked: do you think Steve should start using parachutes?
Steve needs to start using parachutes, safety helmets, kneepads and floaties. And that’s on days he’s just hanging around indoors. The man is a menace. 

fahcraywood

 asked: have you (or has anyone else) ever tried braiding your hair?
People who I know who can braid hair:Clint. He insists that he ‘knows stuff.’Thor. His hair might braid itself? Not sure but its braided a lot and I dunno who else might be doing it.Tony. if you ask him about this he just starts talking about supermodels. (Pepper can’t braid her own hair but she can do other people’s.)Steve. He was in a traveling show with like 50 girls. He can do very elaborate hairdosPeople who cannot braid hair:Nat. Braiding is not murder relevant and also she doesn’t care.Me. I have a fucking robot hand. 
anonymous asked: Did u get a bath bomb tho?
I mean…the problem with smelling like a cloud and being covered in glitter is that it really makes it hard to be stealthy. So…What I am saying is that there is a Hydra base that is a lot more exploded and a lot sparklier than it used to be. It was not subtle at all. 
anonymous asked: hey Bucky, do you remember Namor? have you guys seen him lately?
I had actually totally forgotten Namor until Tony & I were watching Star Trek and Spock looked…really familiar?? Namor was cool but he always smelled a little like fish. I haven’t seen him but I haven’t been in the ocean much. Steve might know. He was in the ocean for a while. 
anonymous asked: what is your favorite hair color on girls?
My favorite hair color on girls is whatever color of hair they want to have. In Nat’s case, that color is ‘blood of my enemies.’ for Pepper, it’s ‘slightly more civilized blood of my enemies’ Also I have been trying to talk Thor into dyeing his hair blue. I just feel like he could really make that work. 
 anonymous asked: Hey Bucky! Do you ever give one of the members of your team a really dirty look and talk in Russian ((like about dogs and other things)) to Nat making that team mate think your saying mean things about them?
People who speak Russian who live in the tower: Thor, Clint, Tony, Nat, Vision, Wanda, Pepper, Dr. Banner, me.People who don’t speak Russian: Steve.We tried doing the mean-but-really-normal Russian conversation gag with Steve once. But then he spent all afternoon making Sad Faces and later he sat me down for a Serious Conversation about if I held a grudge against him for the hydra stuff and so we don’t do that anymore. 
Anonymous asked: Which Avenger is the worst driver?
Nat, Clint & Tony are all highly trained defensive drivers. Riding with them is like being in a car chase, but they know what they’re doing so it’s actually pretty safe.Dr. Banner drives like he’s 90: super slow and cautious, but with occasional really terrifying bits of road rage. Tony likes to make him drive convertibles so that if he hulks out he won’t have to do it through the roof of a car.Steve…I’m not sure if anyone ever really taught Steve how to drive or if he just figured 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
asks and answers from
buckykingofmemes
from a tumblr account
bucky does not like to capitalize things
Steve is a little shit
the howlies take nothing seriously

fandom: 
None
