Chapter 1: New Life
    




Chapter Text
 "Hope is the thing with feathersThat perches in the soul,And sings the tune without the words,And never stops at all,"-Emily Dickinson  She died. She's 24 when she dies. She's 24, fighting Red skull, and her friends are screaming when she dies.  Her name is Penelope Parker, she is Spider-Woman, and she dies protecting New York, the world, her family.  Penelope doesn't regret it even though there are things she does regret but dying for the people she cares for isn't one of them.  Penelope doesn't know how Red Skull is still alive but she knows the glowing cube is dangerous and powerful, can feel it as her spider sense wails inside her head.  She does not hesitate, doesn't stop to think, and is reaching for it, even as the machine Hydra made starts. Between the upheaval of the Hero Registration, trouble at work, family, and her recent break up, Penelope is tired, worn at the edges. The machine, Penelope can't remember what it is for, bends beneath her strength and the cube, glowing blue and clear, the power of creation contained within, burns her hands.  But Spider-Woman does not let go.  She heaves, back arched, fire and lightening scorching every nerve and vessel, and screams. The machine gives, misaligned the Hydra program fails and crashes.  Red skull rushes her, determined to stop her, to kill her but fails to reach her.  The cube answers her, her wish buried deep within her heart, even as her determination, her goal roars from within the depth of her soul. Free the cube from Red skull, back into the InBetween -the Beyond- and yet, protect the world, friends and family, protect her home.A paradox.To fulfill the first, the latter must perish.  To protect the second, then the former must be let go. An anomaly.  A paradox.A wish.The cube answers, Red skull collapses on the ground gasping for air and lies helpless as his muscles atrophy.  His skin swivels and cracks.  All throughout the underground compound, those of Hydra that remain suffer the same fate and the enhanced can do nothing as their power abandons or turns against them.  Some implode, spreading gore and brain matter all around them. Others are consumed, drained, left feeble and emaciated.  Daredevil, the Fantastic Four, and Scarlet Spider stand motionless but unharmed, proof of Spider-Woman's influence over the cube, and she's choking now unable to scream, to cry.  Spider-Woman can no longer feel anything, numb to it all, but her hands hold the cube in a vice even as her legs give out.  She's falling back and Scarlet rushes to her, to his sister, the woman he's cloned from, who accepted him despite his hate, his flaws.   He manages to reach her before she hits the ground but its already too late.  Blue Iris petals cascade all around her but Scarlet doesn't care for them.  Distantly, he remembers they're her favorite.    (Later, the Fantastic Four will release a copy of the security footage to the public before SHIELD can hide it away. The world will watch as Spider-Woman defies a monster, watch as she suffers untold agony.  The world will see a hero embrace death and fade away.  They will see a brother call out to a sister who can no longer hear him and weep with him.  To the heroes of the world, her actions will expose a plot to enslave and kill them.  Her actions will reveal an enemy waiting in the cold expanse of space and the chance to defend against it.  Later, the world will know her name, what she stood for, how she strived to save the world one person at a time, how she offered hope to all who meet her and asked for nothing in return.  The world will learn her belief in the power of responsibility and the power of kindness.  Her name and her deeds will be immortalized in paper and ink, in stone and steel, in history as a woman who was selfless, who sacrificed her own happiness to help others, who loved deeply, who reminded the world what it meant to care for people. Fans and supporters will petition to have her buried in Arlington National Cemetery, the first and only hero to have that honor).Scarlet Spider, Kaine Parker, clutches his sister's body, like it was something precious, as if he could keep her alive using just his presence, and screams her name, screams himself hoarse, begs her to come back...That is how she dies.Beyond this place, within the InBetween, the cube breaks down. It opens like a flower in bloom before the petals scatter and disappear.  There are many who witness it but only one steps forward to grasp at what is left behind.  A light, small but strong.  A soul, tired but bright, warm, and beautiful.  It is familiar to some of those present and were it not so tattered by the cube's sloppy abuse, would evolve and ascend to join them."Worry not, Little Spider, you are loved. You are honored. You will join us again. But not today. Not yet. Not yet."With great care, the being whispers softly to the soul cupped within its hands, like a parent would for it's child, and for a secon
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
PantherSpider
Penelope Parker/T'Challa
Penelope Parker & Tony Stark
Iron Husbands - Relationship
unrequited Peter Parker/Harry Osborn
unrequited Penelope Parker/Harry Osborn
onesided Peter Parker/Harry Osborn
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers Onesided

freeform: 
Female Peter Parker
Genderbending
Spiritual
Spirit Animals
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha T'Challa (Marvel)
Alpha Rhodey
Alpha Steve Rogers
Reincarnation
Alternate Universe - Reincarnation
Second Chances
BAMF Peter Parker
Trickster Gods
Pagan Gods
Panther Spirit Guide
True Mates
Anansi - Freeform
beta aunt may
Spirit Guides
Civil War Team Iron Man
Steve critical
courting
Courtship
Peter Parker Has a Family
T'Chaka lives
Slow Build
Slow Romance
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Penelope is a Good Bro
Anansi is a godparent
Pagan blessing
BAMF Pepper Potts
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Social Media
Miles Morales - Freeform
Captain Stacy Lives
Gwen Stacy Lives
Gwen Stacy is a good bro
BAMF Gwen Stacy
Jealous Harry Osborn
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark has good friends
Not A Fix-It
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
SpiderPanther
PantherSpider - Freeform
panthers
Spiders
Talking to Spiders
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
PantherSpider
Penelope Parker/T'Challa
Penelope Parker & Tony Stark
Iron Husbands - Relationship
unrequited Peter Parker/Harry Osborn
unrequited Penelope Parker/Harry Osborn
onesided Peter Parker/Harry Osborn
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers Onesided

