Work Text:
“Bruce?”Bruce started at the knock on his door and guiltily took his hand away from his dick, breathing out a long sigh of embarrassment.  He took a few seconds to focus, pushing down the arousal he’d let mount as far as he was able to.  He’d been hoping for a quick finish, quelling his remaining hormonal swings in less than a day – he had things he needed to do in the lab and there had never been much of a point in drawing out his pathetic excuse for a heat. “Just give me a minute, I’m in the bathroom!” he called.  A damp cloth removed the traces of lube he’d been using and settled his erection enough that he could pull on his pants without too much trouble.  A few deep breaths helped him center; the hard-won self-control he’d practiced over the years let him pretend there was nothing at all wrong.And nothing is, he told himself firmly.  If he repeated that enough, he was certain to believe it.  He’d certainly done it enough over the years that it had become second nature.He opened the door and blinked a little at seeing Steve, hand raised for another knock, eyes going wide at the sight of Bruce.  “Ah… assembly?” Bruce asked, wondering what on Earth could have induced Steve to seek out Bruce’s company otherwise.“I’d have used the PA…” Steve said, looking somewhat stunned.  His nostrils flared slightly, and Bruce grimaced in apology.  He knew his odor was obvious right now; it was why he’d cloistered himself.  There was no need to inflict his state on anyone.  “Bruce, you’re in heat?” Steve blurted out.Bruce flushed and looked down before he mastered the impulse and met Steve’s eyes.  “Yeah.  Sorry.”Steve just stared at him like Bruce had spoken Urdu.  Actually, Bruce quickly reviewed the conversation to make sure he hadn’t accidentally slipped into another language until Steve recovered his power of speech.“But you’re alone,” Steve said, emphasizing the last word with incredulity.  “I- I thought you were a beta.  If I’d known, if I’d had any idea…  Oh, I’m an idiot.  You’re waiting for your partner, right?  I’m so sorry, look I’ll just leave you two alone-.”Bruce cut off Steve’s panicked babble before he could shove his foot any further down his throat.  “No, no partner.  I was just…”  Bruce bit the bullet and made a subtle obscene gesture, one he was absolutely certain both Tony and Clint had made sure Steve knew the meaning of (if he hadn’t already), to indicate he was taking care of his own problem.“Is that a thing now?” Steve asked, brow furrowed in puzzlement.  “Sorry, I’ve read a lot of conflicting information.”Bruce shrugged, all too used to Steve asking him for straight answers.  Sometimes Tony was a little too fond of being clever.  “Not unheard of.”“But I’ve never noticed you being gone for more than two days,” Steve said, looking Bruce over in a way that sent a tiny, inappropriate thrill down his spine.  He wasn’t used to people missing him, instead of just hunting him down as a matter of course.  And he definitely wasn’t used to looks of concern off the battlefield and when not in the middle of a possible incident.  “That’s all I need at most.”Steve got a blank look on his face again.  “What?”  He actually physically shook himself back to awareness before he could say anything else.  “Two days?  Bruce, that’s…  I’ve never heard of an omega needing only two days.”“I barely qualify,” Bruce said, giving a close approximation of an airy wave, trying to look nonchalant.  “I had an accident when I was younger; I can’t even conceive and my heats are nothing to write home about.  Don’t worry about me.” Bruce thought he’d done that well; he’d certainly practiced that line enough to be convincing to anyone else who’d ever asked about his gender, if they even noticed he wasn’t a beta.  But when he saw Steve’s face fall, he remembered, too late, that Steve Rogers was one of the few people who’d seen his full file.  “Bruce, you don’t have to lie,” he said softly.--
“God damn it, Rebecca!  If you can’t keep that boy in line, I will!”

Brian Banner’s customary angry roar penetrated the blankets and pillows Bruce had pressed to his head to drown out the noise.  At age twelve, he was an expert in trying to ignore his father’s tirades, but he couldn’t ignore the twisting in his guts, the slick moisture trickling out of his butt, and his penis having a mind of its own.  He pressed one hand to his stiffened organ, trying to make it go down, and cupped the other against his soaked underwear, trying not to mess the sheets.  He burrowed deeper under the blankets and tried to stifle moans of pain confused with strange shocks of pleasure.  He’d been sent home from school when it had started, and that had put Dad in a really bad mood.

Dad yelled for a long time, Mom making very quiet, meek responses in agreement when she said anything at all.  He could hear her voice closer, and knew she was keeping herself between Dad and his bedroom.  Bruce shook and felt tears running down his cheeks when he heard Dad slap
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Child Abuse
Past Abuse
Sexual Dysfunction
Aftercare
Magical Healing Cock
Magical Healing Vagina
Shmoop
Gangbang
OT6

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers

