Chapter 1





Chapter Text

~
If you fail, if the Tesseract is kept from us, there will be no realm, no barren moon, no crevice where he cannot find you, the Other had promised.And when the very ground beneath Loki shakes, a tremor felt all the way to Valaskjálf,  where he and Thor await Odin’s ruling, he knows the time has come.He has been found.

~
It has been a fortnight since Loki’s return to Asgard.Odin had stripped his strongest seiðr from him as punishment and rendered his offensive spells null, though at Thor’s insistence, Loki is allowed to wander the palace freely. He spends the time hidden away in his chambers instead, drawn out only by Thor’s requests for Loki to accompany him on hunts in their old haunts. Small trips to find herbs for Loki’s spells, the ones he has left available to him. It doesn’t escape his notice that Thor has been more affectionate of late either. He brushes feather-light fingers against Loki’s when they go riding and lets their knees bump together. Wraps a subtle hand around Loki’s waist when he’s felled a stag and beams at him, proud. And when Loki leans in to stoke the fires they’ve built up between them, Thor will tuck the lock of hair that’s fallen over his brow behind his ear. A multitude of little actions and mannerisms that Loki can’t puzzle out the meaning of.If that’s not odd enough, there are the gifts. Small pouches of sweets. Hand-carved wooden figures. Rare items for spells. As if Thor’s determined to win his way back into Loki’s good graces. “You act the part of a husband scorned, trying to win back his love’s favour,” Loki says dismissively, when Thor presents him with a pouch of shining gryphon’s feathers. Thor only laughs and cups the back of Loki’s neck, a quick, fleeting touch. He does not rise to the insult, or the others before it.Perhaps Thor thinks this a chance to spoil his brother where he could not before. To make up for lost time, now that he has Loki back, and show him that his true parentage has no bearing on their relationship now. Let Thor try, Loki thinks vindictively, even as he strokes the feathers, gentle. Their value is not in the rarity of them, but in the bestower. Let Thor waste his time, trying to win him over with baubles and trinkets. None of it matters when that which Loki desires most is kept from him: Thor’s love, unconditional, undiminished, absolute.

~
Thor, as usual, stands too close, a dynamo of heat by Loki’s side, as they report a finding from their travels to the Allfather. Odin gives the order to send a small group of Einherjar to investigate the matter—a rune-covered gate emanating strange hel-fire near Vanaheim—before turning back to the two of them.“Now then,” says Odin, regarding Loki sombrely, “all that remains is the matter of your punishment, for your crimes against Midgard.” He looks more haggard and worn than he should, the lines at the corners of his eyes tight with burden instead of mirth, the greys of his beard overrun with chalky white.Loki meets Odin’s eye, defiant. Perhaps the punishment will be imprisonment. Death, even. Beside him, Thor’s fingers tighten about Mjölnir’s haft, in preparation for protest. He touches the knuckles of his other hand against Loki’s, as if to convey that they stand together in this, against Odin’s wrath.Odin raises a brow at the motion, but makes no comment otherwise. “For conspiring with a hostile race,” he decrees, “resulting in the devastation you have wrought upon Midgard, I sentence you to—” “Allfather!” A group of Einherjar rush into the throne room, their cries of My lord and Allfather crescendoing into frantic dissonance. The soldiers try their best to conceal their desperation beneath the thinnest veneer of calm, but they can barely hide the fearful gazes, the hushed whispers of Thanos and Titan, as the leader of the guard brigade relates the news. Several of them take extra care not to glance at Loki, while others eye the floor guiltily at having interrupted the princes’ audience with the king.Odin stills upon his throne, Gungnir frozen in hand, the pronouncement of Loki’s fate yet unmade. He breathes in once, slow; his composure makes Loki think that Odin always knew Thanos would come knocking at Asgard’s door, though perhaps not this soon. “Take your brother with you,” Odin instructs Thor, “and find out what Thanos wants.” Always the pragmatist, this is his way of saying You have made your bed, now lie in it.Thor nods his assent, and together, he and Loki make their way to the great hall where the Titan waits.Thanos strikes an imposing figure where he stands upon the tiles of gleaming white, even the golden overhangs of the hall unable to mask his monstrosity. He is flanked by the Other and a legion of Chitauri, armed with their rifle-staves as they undulate lizard-like in place. There is, thankfully, no sign of the Leviathan fleet that devastated much of New York. “I have come only to claim what was mine,” Thanos rumbles. “Give me Loki, or I shall take your entire
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mildly Dubious Consent
Pseudo-Incest
shameless fluff
Violence
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

