Chapter 1: Home
    




Chapter Text



"You've been acting weirdly," Natasha states.  It's not an accusation. She's not even sure it's an inquiry, although she is curious.  The comment feels something like what Natasha can vaguely identify as concern.  It's one of her newer emotions and she pokes at it a bit, to see if it will expand or harden into something more definite.  It does not.Clint looks over at her and shrugs.  "Weirdly how?"
Natasha can't decide if this is a test.  They've been partners for almost three years and she trusts him as much as she's ever trusted anyone or anything, but that doesn't mean she's stopped waiting for the other shoe to drop.  He brought her in almost nine months before their partnership, and she'd spent those months being unmade and rebuilt by people who weren't willing to do the things the first group had, and so weren't quite as successful.  Natasha cooperated this time around, though, and she suspects it made quite a bit of difference as to the final result.
She knows, mostly because her main field of study has always been human behavior, that she's not meant to spy on her partner.  But she doesn't think she has been spying.  She thinks she has been...paying attention.  She's pretty sure she is supposed to do that.  Relationships are confusing when one actually tries to engage in one.  She wishes she could sit outside herself and Clint and just watch.  She'd have a much better idea of how to handle everything.
Natasha gathers up all the little shifts she's noticed, the slight changes in posture or tone of voice.  She decides, "Happier, I guess.  But also more scared."
She understands.  Anything approaching happiness scares the crap out of her.  SHIELD is the closest thing she's had to it, ever, and she wakes more nights than not in a panic, sure she's been found traitor, been thrown back to the wolves.
"Oh.  Probably just the new thing with Phil.  Shocking as this probably is to you, my track record on relationships hovers somewhere between craptastic and apocalyptic, and Phil's going to be here if I fuck it up, so, yeah."  Clint smiles a little.  "I mean, worth it, but I don't think I've felt this jittery over something since my actual first time."
Natasha knows everything in Clint's dossier and quite a few things that are not in it.  She does not know when he lost his virginity.  She's curious, but she figures that's a professional hazard.  She doesn't ask.  Instead she says, "But you're his best agent.  And he—"
She manages to cut herself off just before she says looks at you like the world's axis rests along your spine.  Discretion among friends is a trait slowly learned, strangely, even if discretion has been a skill her whole life.  Lamely, she finishes, "He wants it to work as well."
Clint rubs a hand over his face.  "Look, don't take this the wrong way, or anything, but the whole reason I never even tried to sleep with you was because the thought of fucking what we have up literally caused, like, chest pain from panic, and shit.  I—I'm really good at not being good enough, and Phil...Phil's just plain really good."
Natasha blinks, trying to focus, to sort out all of the information she's just been given, free.  It's always something of a shock to the system when that happens.  She knows she's meant to concentrate on Clint's concern about his own worth, but she can't get there without stopping to ask, "You—you never—it wasn't because I'm...me?"
Clint frowns.  "Tasha?"
It is her turn to shrug.  "You, more than most, know what was done to me.  Who I am.  I just figured—"
"Wow, okay, don't finish that sentence.  No.  No.  I mean, in hindsight, I think we're a little too much alike, but I—Nat."  He took her face in his hands, and she let him.  "Nat, anyone would be lucky to have you."
Clint's a special case of, well, Clint, and probably right about their similarities.  But it's something of a revelation that it wasn't her being herself that caused the problem there.  She tucks that knowledge away, where it will be available to take out and review later.  Then she turns her face a bit to kiss at Clint's palms.   "You know why you've always 'fucked up' before?"
Clint huffs. "Do tell."
"For the same reason you ran off eight handlers before Phil: they weren't the right ones."
"That so?"
She leans in and presses her forehead to his for a moment and then slips away, making sure she's out of sight before he can call for her.  She needs to think.

*
Natasha has always liked dancing for the mental space it allows her.  Ballet in particular is very systematic, controlled, each move fitting together neatly.  When she's warming up, or even in the middle of working on a new move, her mind becomes seductively silent, only her breath and the beat behind her, metronome or music.The first time Clint and Coulson take leave together, Natasha spends the first four hours dancing, and then requests a mission.  Fury stares at her for a long time, but Natasha can win any staring contest in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Insecurity
discussions of past abuse and neglect
Medical Inaccuracies

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov
Maria Hill/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

