Work Text:
When they land in New York for a refuel, Skye finds an envelope slipped under her door.
Dear Ms. Skye, it reads,

You are hereby invited to attend the monthly meeting of the U.P.P.C., to be held in S.H.I.E.L.D. conference room E, level 4 at 1400 hours on October 20th, 2013.  


 


Thank you,

Your fellow members.
 
Skye reads the letter through twice.  The U.P.P.C.?  She has no idea what it means.  An internet search reveals nothing.  She uses her fancy new S.H.I.E.L.D. I.D. to access their servers and locates conference room E, level four, but finds no mention of the U.P.P.C.
She checks her watch.  It’s ten a.m. on the twentieth of October, which means there’s more than enough time to make it to S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters and back.  She confirms with Melinda that they’ll be grounded until at least tonight, and leaves the Bus.  She doesn’t tell anyone where she’s going, but she does take her cell phone with her.  She’s not a complete idiot.
S.H.I.E.L.D. HQ is located in a nondescript government building nestled between other nondescript government buildings, but continuing underground through a half-dozen secret bunkers.  She’s been inside once, the day Coulson first brought her into the fold, to get her paperwork signed as an official ‘consultant’ of S.H.I.E.L.D.  She doesn’t have a great memory for directions, but that’s what her cell phone is for – she makes it to level four with an hour to spare, having only gotten lost once.
She had worried her security clearance might not be high enough to get her to level four, but no one gives her trouble.  She turns the corner to conference room E just as a tall, lanky man with shaggy red hair fumbles for a set of keys in his pocket.
He’s holding a box of donuts and another of muffins, so Skye jumps forward to help him out.
“Thanks,” the man says with a smile.  He hands her the donuts and manages to fit his keys into the lock.  “Can’t face these vultures without baked goods.”
“I thought coffee was the S.H.I.E.L.D. staple of choice?” she asks, following him into the room.  The conference room looks like any other conference room – panelled walls, uncomfortable chairs, and a long, wide table in the centre.  There are portraits along one wall, slightly faded.  
“That’s my next stop,” he tells her cheerfully.  “Hey, are you Skye?”
She tenses, but he’s smiling and holding out his hand.  She reminds herself that she was invited for real this time and takes it.  “Yeah.  I guess it was obvious?”
“It’s been a while since we had a new member.”  
“Okay.”  She waits, but no other explanation is forthcoming.  Falling back on politeness, she looks around.  “I’m sorry for showing up early.  Is there anything I can do to help?”
The man brightens.  “Sure!  Help me fold this table up and stack it against the wall, and then you can have your pick of donuts while I fetch the coffee.”
She steps nervously forward.  The table looks like solid wood, but sure enough there's a small button on the bottom that, when pressed, folds the whole thing into a box.  It reassures her that even though this looks like a regular office building, she’s still at S.H.I.E.L.D.
She helps fold the table the rest of the way, and pushes it to the far wall while the redhead rearranges the chairs in a lopsided circle. 
“There,” he says, admiring his handiwork.  He looks up and waves her towards the boxes.  “Help yourself.”
She’s never been one to resist free food.  She picks out a Boston cream while eyeing the chairs.  The set up makes it look like an A.A. meeting.  “So what is this?  A support group?”
The man gives her a smile.  “Something like that.  Stay here – I’ll be back with the coffee.”
He leaves the room and Skye takes a bite of her donut.  It’s delicious.  The Bus is fully stocked, but no one on Coulson’s team seems to understand the importance of powdery goodness.  
Of course, just as she’s licking cream off her fingers like a porn star, a smoking hot guy walks into the room.  Skye coughs and drops her hand.  “Uhhh…”
The guy smirks at her.  He’s familiar in a strange sort of way, all dirty blonde hair and crooked smile.  She wonders if she’s seen him in the building before, or if it was online.  “That’s okay – going for the powdery ones just means you belong here.  I’m Clint.”
“Uh, Skye,” she says, looking desperately around for a napkin, “but everyone here already seems to know that.”
Clint shrugs.  “We haven’t had a new member for a while.”
“Yeah,” Skye agrees, looking at him oddly.  “That’s what the redhead said, too.”
Clint gives her a thin smile and walks towards the donuts.  She watches as he carefully makes his selection – strawberry jam, her second favourite – and takes one of the chairs. 
He's quiet as the other members of the group trickle in.  There’s a gorgeous brunette named Annie and another, slightly older east-Indian lady who doesn’t introduce herself.  The redhead comes back with coffee, as promised, and Annie refers to him as Thomas.  
“Well then, I guess we’re all here,” Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
eventual Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
one-sided Skye/Phil Coulson
one-sided OC/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Crack not crack
Episode Related
Episode Tag
Episode: s01e04 Eye-Spy

fandom: 
eventual Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
one-sided Skye/Phil Coulson
one-sided OC/Phil Coulson

