Work Text:
When he feels the summons, he thinks it must be an accident.He’s young; it’s only his second chance to leave the safety of the water and walk the beaches. His relatives, the older and wiser ones, they stay in the cold, dark waters of the open ocean, away from the shores and out of reach of humankind. But he’s still young and adventurous, willing to play the odds—for the past seven years he’s been obsessed with one night’s memory of sand between his toes, of hot food served by chattering humans in the brightly-lit diner a concerned passer-by had taken him to, when he’d looked like just another lost child in need of a meal and some help. It had been the most exciting night of his life, and he’s thrilling at the chance to do it again. For a while now he’s been sticking close to the shorelines, weighing his options with all the patience and foresight he can muster. Which, as it turns out, isn’t much.Most of his kind would choose to spend the night on a lonely beach, where the chance of meeting more than a single human is small. But for him, the lights and sounds of the cities are too great of a temptation to simply skip the one day in seven years he could explore them. He has spent the last month swimming up and down the coast, debating on this beach or that pier, in the thick of the city or out where the delighted shrieks of the humans bounce over the water like the lights from their amusement parks. Although he’s had ages to decide, by the time his beach night arrives, he still hasn’t made up his mind.It’s that indecision that leads to him still being in the water long after the sun has set—he’s wasting time, and he knows that, but it’s like he’s waiting for something to help him decide. He should learn to pay more attention to his thoughts, he realizes in the next moment, because suddenly he feels a pressure urging him on from where he’s been lurking, an inescapable drag that forces him along. He knows what it is—every selkie knows it, is born knowing it—but the warm, firm insistence is still new and frightening. He can taste it in his mouth, feel it running along beneath his skin, the high salt note of the summons distilled from seven human tears, beckoning him in. He has no choice but to follow, caught in its magics as surely as he has been caught in a sealskin for most of his life. But it has to be a mistake, because he’s too young for this, too full of life and curiosity to be pulled in like this. Times are different now, he’s heard—fishermen no longer wait to catch his kind for wives, or keep them as servants, or kill them for getting their daughters with child. But the summons has never meant good for his kind, and his heart is in his mouth as he streaks through the dark waters. It has to be a mistake, but all the same, every thought of city lights has fled from him.He doesn’t have to swim far, only until the ocean turns brackish; he had already been drawn close to shore by the nearing of his beach night. His original plans to stow his pelt on a moored fishing boat have been abandoned now, but he ends up at a dock all the same. Suddenly he realizes that his lungs are burning, even though he took his last breath only two minutes ago. As he kicks upward to the surface to get air, he feels his pelt sliding against new and different skin. He breaches the water with salt stinging more sensitive eyes, and for a moment he is disoriented by a world of phosphorescence dancing upon lapping waves while the stink of pollution mixes with brine. He realizes he’s treading water with unfamiliar limbs and has to make a quick grab for his pelt as it begins to sink away from him. He fills his mouth and nose as he dives and comes back up surprised and spluttering, clutching his pelt to his chest. He coughs up water that now seems chokingly distasteful, and, to his surprise, he’s answered by a hiccuping gulp.Sitting at the side of the dock, mostly hidden by a coil of rope, is a human child. His thin legs hang off the edge, though his scuffed shoes rest still a good foot above the tops of the breaking waves. The lights make his face look dramatically shadowed and sharper than perhaps it would be in the daytime, but the drying tracks of tears are still evident. There are no others nearby, though he can hear noises in the distance, but he looks around just to be sure. At last he’s forced to conclude that the boy was the one who called him.Having made the unfortunate connection, he hefts himself up onto the wooden posts with unfamiliar limbs, his pelt hanging wet and heavy across his shoulders, and twists to sit next to the boy in the tight space between the rope and the nose of a boat. The boy stares at him, body shifting defensively, as though he expects an attack. “What do you want?”“You were crying,” he explains, the words rough and unfamiliar in his mouth. Seven tears had to hit the water, seven tears exactly. He can see the tracks of unfallen ones and has a brief flare of frustration at the mysterious workings 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Selkies
Alternate Universe
Canon-Typical Violence
Period-Typical Homophobia
Mythical Beings & Creatures
Pining
The Winter Soldier - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

