Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Restrain
It had been a long time coming.Least, that was what the Rogue Avengers were saying as they had boarded the Quinjet for America. Where they had not been pardoned, they were offered temporary amnesty so they could explain why they did what they did. The Accords were still in full swing but Captain America was sure once he explained everything and why they did what they did, the Accords would at least be loosened. He wasn’t a complete idiot to think they would up and vanish but it would be a step into getting them repelled. That was the main goal.T’Challa was a gracious host and all, they also did their best to behave while there but it wasn’t home. That was what was killing people more than they ever thought. Seriously, they never thought they would be hiding from the world for standing up for what they believed in, yet there they were. Hiding…it took a huge toll on the ones that had families. Scott didn’t know how things between him and his daughter and girlfriend were going to be. Clint was worried about Laura and the kids. Wanda desperately missed Vision. They were all broken apart from those who they care deeply for.As the plane landed in New York, the all the Rogues were expecting to make their way into the Compound, to see their home for the first time in months. Yet, as they exited the plane it only took one look at the building and they knew something was amiss…they were not in front of the Compound. The group was next to a building they didn’t recognize. The only reason they didn’t panic was because there was the familiar sight of Maria Hill with some unknown lesser agents at her side. She wore a bored look on her face, like she didn’t want to be dealing with this.When T’Challa exited the jet, he waved the Avengers to follow him. They followed in behind the young King, with their minimal belongings in hands. They didn’t have much being on the run but they had their gear and a few things that they were able to get in Wakanda. Traveling light was an understatement that was for sure.“Director Hill, it is a pleasure to see you again,” T’Challa stated, “I pray the days have treated you well since our last meeting.”“Well, if you mean stressful than that would be a yes,” Maria said simply, a ghost of a smile on her lips before they tightened and nodded, “Otherwise, please let us get down to business. The sooner this is over the better.”With that she turned on her heel and head into the building, her two aids following after her. Once again being signaled by T’Challa, the Ex-Avengers followed the group to a small office. It wasn’t a long walk but it was long enough that it sort of unsettled the group. If the young king wasn’t so relaxed they would all have worried. Once inside the office they were asked to place down there things against the wall and have a seat. It was a small office with a few tables pushed together to make a bigger one.After they settled down into their seats; Steve, Wanda, Clint, Sam and Scott at the end. T’Challa sat the far end near Hill. It made sense because of the how they seemingly had handled bringing the group back to the States. The two lesser agents posted one by each door as there were only two in doors for the room. They were about to ask why they were not starting when a door opened up and two more people walked inside.Natasha was brought in by Coulson, Phil Coulson, who was still alive!…and looking less than pleased at the sight of those before him and ignored Clint at his exclamation jumping out of his seat. After getting a look from Natasha that told him more or less ‘don’t bother trying’ while she sat on the other side of Steve. Clint collapsed back down looking more than a little lost as Coulson took his place next to Maria.“Are there any questions before we begin?” Hill asked after a moment, just to get it out of the way. May try to get this over with as soon as possible so it didn’t ruin the flow of the meeting.“Why are we here? Why didn’t we go to the compound?” Steve questioned, mainly just interested.“Because, you are not active Avengers, you are under the protection of New SHIELD agency, so you will be staying here.” Maria said quickly. That made sense to a point but the group would argue they were still Avengers.“Even if they were there is no place for them at the Compound,” Coulson simply stated uninterested as ever…but the two former SHIELD agents were uneasy…Phil was angry at them.“What do you mean?” Sam asked.“The Compound has been revoked from housing any Avengers,” the former handler replied.“Why would Stark do that!? It was our home!” Wanda exclaimed. She was pissed and immediately went to blaming Stark…which cause both Hill and Coulson to sigh. That got everyone’s attention.“Dr. Stark did no such thing,” Coulson intervened, “Ms. Potts and Stark Industries, however, did. The Compound was still owned by SI normally they would have respected Dr. Stark’s wishes but with him in a coma he was not there to talk them down. The
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Jennifer Walters
Bruce Banner & Jennifer Walters

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Not bashing either
Keeping the truth from people
Team dynamics need work
A lot of work
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark does not appear in this film
Nor does Vision
Or Rhodey
Or Pepper
Or Bruce for that matter
but they are mentioned
There are some feelz
but not a lot
hopefully
Restraining Orders
lawyers can be scary

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Jennifer Walters
Bruce Banner & Jennifer Walters

