Work Text:
The city was breath-taking, even as it smoldered and sparked and block after block was slowly draped in the creeping, smokey-black night. It would be days, if not a week or more, before power was fully restored. Tony had kicked in an arc reactor or two, and hooked the Tower's power to the grid, backing up essential buildings and taking some load off their generators, but it was only enough to create small islands of light in the encroaching darkness. "I get why you like it up here," Bruce said, leaning against the railing of the deck that arced out from the penthouse of Stark Tower. It was the most graceful feature on the otherwise impressive and, yet, honestly ugly building. "Do you?" Tony was leaning next to him, a glass of scotch in his hand and he frowned down at the shadowed streets. "Nothing like reveling in power and wealth, forcing all those below to gaze up at you. Am I right?"Bruce ignored that and leaned a little further over the edge of the railing. It's not like the fall would kill him. "It's like flying, standing out here.""Or that. Though, you know, I do fly, so it's mostly the reveling."With a wry twist to his lips, Bruce glanced over at Tony who responded by arrogantly and casually swirling the amber liquid in his glass. No doubt sensing that somebody had caught a glance of the man underneath the armor, Tony drained his glass and pushed off the railing, heading back inside. Bruce looked out over the city for another moment before following. "So ..." Bruce said as he walked back into the penthouse. He still wasn't sure what he was doing there. Except ... except it was kind of nice to stop for a little while. And for once nobody seemed to be chasing him. Yet. Still Tony Stark's penthouse ... life was always a surprise. Bruce wasn't quite sure what to do with himself here. People didn't really invite him into their homes. Especially after they knew about the Other Guy. Tony was at the wet-bar, making himself another drink. "So, how's the lab? Good? Need anything? Make a list for Jarvis. We'll get it.""No, no, the lab's ..." Bruce stopped and licked his lips and looked around the destruction of the penthouse. Destruction that Tony seemed to ignore with surprising ease. "The lab's great, but, uh..." "It could be bigger? Go on, you can say it. You drive a hard bargain, Banner, but we've got the contractors coming. Again. We'll knock out a wall. It'll be fun.""The lab is huge, Tony," Bruce assured him quietly. "Really, it's amazing. I don't need anything. Besides, you'd have to move Doctor Foster, right?" Tony took a sip of his drink and eyed him for a long moment before shrugging and wandering over to the couch. "It's not like we don't have room.""And she hasn't accepted yet," Bruce noted."Please, she'll accept. Darcy will talk her into it.""I ... uh." He pulled his glasses off and fiddled with them while he tried to decide how to open up this particular topic with Tony. "Can I ... can I talk to you for a minute?"Tony frowned and cocked his head. "Aren't we talking now?""Uh, yeah, I mean, but ...""Bruce, buddy, pal, comrade in arms, sit the fuck down, you're making me twitch."Bruce laughed, a little rueful and a little resigned, and sat gingerly in an armchair. "Sure. Look, about Darcy--""She's a stunner right? But, I've got to put my foot down here. You're old enough to be, well, me." Tony leaned back with a sigh and rubbed at his face. "I am completely aware of how hypocritical that statement is, and yet, it stands.""No, that's not it. I mean, yes, she's lovely, but no. Look, she's your daughter."Tony smirked. "I know. I was there."Bruce shook his head but couldn't stop the smile. Tony was an aggravating jackass, but damn it if Bruce didn't like him. He'd had faith -- faith in him, faith in the Other Guy. It was weird, Bruce didn't trust it would last, didn't trust the Other Guy, but, it wasn't unpleasant, either. Wildly unexpected, but, somehow he suspected that was just Tony Stark. "How do you even have a daughter?" He exclaimed, couldn't stop himself from it really. And he laughed again when he said it. He didn't remember the last time he'd laughed so much. Maybe with Betty when ... well. Anyway. "I thought you were a doctor?""That's not what I meant." Smirking a little bit more, Tony took another sip of his drink and watched Bruce over the rim."She's your daughter, and I'm dangerous to be around.""Oh for fuck's sake." Tony scowled at him then jumped up off the couch and stalked back over to the bar. "How can you let her be--""She's my daughter," Tony bit out."That's my point.""No, no. She's my daughter. She's not an idiot."Bruce let out a long breath and sat back in his chair. "I have my doubts about you.""Sanity, sure; idiocy ... well, situational, according to Pepper. But this? No. I'm not an idiot. And, neither is Darcy. She can handle herself.""Against the Other Guy?"Tony made a sound low in his throat, a frustrated growl and he set his glass down on the marble bar with enough
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Everything Is Such a Bad Idea
Why Doesn't Anybody Understand That?
I'm still kinda sorry

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

