Work Text:
There’s a knock on the door, jarring Erik awake in the early morning light.  Grumbling, he rolls himself upright in bed, his legs swinging casually over the side.  The coronation and celebration the previous night have left him feeling like a wreck and he has no desire to get up.  However, his new station comes with certain expectations.  With a sigh, he calls, “What is it?”
“A gift from Lord Shaw,” a voice calls, rich and accented.
Interested now, Erik runs a hand through his hair to look somewhat presentable—not that it matters to a slave or servant coming to him in his bedchamber.  “Come,” he says, reaching with his powers to unlatch the complicated lock system he puts on his doors.
The door opens and a slave steps through into the room, the soft pants and sheer robe of his station fluttering in the light breeze from the open balcony.  There’s an inhibitor collar clearly placed on the pale column of his throat marking him as a psionic and, therefore, a pleasure slave.  But even without it, Erik would know this man.  For years he’s been watching him in Lord Shaw’s residences, catching him in empty stairwells for a few stolen moments of conversation whenever he could find the chance—a half a game of chess in one of Shaw’s studies, a glimpse of his hair at some official function.
“Charles,” he says, the name soft on his tongue as he stares.
“Your Grace,” Charles returns, bowing low and keeping his eyes to the ground.
Standing, Erik closes the door behind Charles with a flick of his wrist.  “Why has Lord Shaw sent you with his gift?” he asks, taking a few steps across the wide room towards Charles.  There’s no reason that Shaw should send a pleasure slave to do his busy work, especially when he has slaves enough for that specific purpose.  He’s only seen Charles away from Shaw’s private estate or his rooms in the palace a handful of times.
Licking his lips, Charles says, “I am the gift, Your Grace.”
His words hang heavy in the air between them as he pauses, his lips still parted as he composes himself for the rest of his message.  “He says you can come sign my papers whenever it’s convenient.”
Erik’s heart stutters in his chest, his breath catching slightly.  He’s dreamed of this, for years, and dreaded the date that he’s set to go to the markets in search of his own pleasure slave.  It wouldn’t do for a man of his station to go without one.  Even with their psionic powers muted to low-level empathy, their purposes are myriad and valuable, both inside the bedchambers and out.  But now—
“Has he sent you as a spy?” Erik asks, voice hard.  He doesn’t like the idea, but he doesn’t see any reason for Shaw to gift him one of his own pleasure slaves instead of buying him a new one besides this.
“No, Your Grace,” Charles says softly, his shoulders trembling.  Erik wants to go to him, to find out what’s wrong, but he holds his ground.  He learned long ago to give up on his impulsiveness.
“Then why has he sent you to me?” he asks.
Charles shifts his weight awkwardly, and Erik’s eyes catch on the way the fabric of Charles’ clothes hangs to cover him in just the right way to make it obvious that he is aroused.  “He believes you might find more pleasure in me than he does,” Charles says.  His accent is thicker, now, and Erik can see the flush spreading down his neck to his chest where it peeks through his robes.
Taking another step forward, Erik asks, “And why is that?”
With a soft huff of what might be exasperation, Charles says, “Lord Regent Shaw no longer finds pleasure in my age, nor my height, nor my gender.”
“Lord Shaw is no longer regent,” Erik corrects automatically, his mind already geared towards ridding his people of this mindset.  But his eyes soften then, and he takes another step forward.  “But you’ll find that all of those things please me.”
Charles swallows, the line of his throat catching Erik’s eye once more.  “Your Grace?” he asks, shifting his feet again.
Putting a hand on Charles’ shoulder, Erik says, “Unless I tell you otherwise, call me Erik when we are alone.”  Charles stiffens under his fingers, nodding his head once in acknowledgement.  “And do stop staring at your feet.”
Looking up, Charles finally catches Erik’s eyes, and Erik finds himself lost in the depth of Charles’ blue gaze.  Charles looks lost, like he wants to say something, but can’t bring himself to.  His skin is warm enough that Erik can feel it across the small space between them, and there’s anticipation enough in the room that Erik knows it can’t all be his own.
“You kissed me, once,” Erik says slowly, running a hand through Charles’ hair, delighting in the way Charles turns into the touch.  It had been years ago, in the shade of a tree in some forgotten courtyard.  Erik remembers it vividly, despite the moment’s brevity.  “Will you do it again?”
Pushing up onto his toes, Charles kisses him, both of his hands coming to rest on Erik’s face.  He makes a soft noise into Erik’s mouth as Erik wraps an arm around his waist, g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Dubious Consent
Slavery
Master/Slave
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Cock Rings
Aphrodisiacs
Somnophilia
Devotion
Power Dynamics

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

