Chapter 1: Valhalla
    




Chapter Text
“The Asgardian State is composed of several regions that have their own traditions, cultures and sometimes languages: Álfheimr, Jotunheim, Múspellsheimr, Svartálfar…”Already overcome by frustration Steve lowered the pages and rolled his shoulders. He was tired from sitting all the time, he was longing for a long run or some exercise. The flight from New York to Valhalla had taken nine hours and since then Steve had spent most of his time in cars, only to end up in a waiting room. The procedure wasn’t new and he knew he was almost done, but it was the part of the job that he disliked the most.Being the new guy. Sure, after one or two weeks routine would have already settled in, but until then Steve was always feeling out of his comfort zone. New colleagues, new boss, new country, new language. It wasn’t going to be like London, that was a certainty. Steve just wanted to be able to begin settling in, meet the ambassador and do his job. First the run though, his legs were itching to move.Rolling his shoulders Steve tried to turn his attention back to the sheets of papers in his hands. The assignment had been a surprise, normally Steve had a long time to prepare and to get familiar with a new place. This time the call had come in the middle of the night and two days later Steve had been sitting in said plane.A great honor, Agent RogersYes, it was. Nevertheless Steve had no illusions about how he had ended up in the service of the American ambassador of Asgard. Liver cancer. Suddenly a position was vacant and here was Steve, thanks to the warm words of the London ambassador.So now he was here, sitting in a comfy chair, waiting for the briefing of the new staff and trying to pass the time by learning one or two things about the country he was going to live in for the next couple of months or even years. First thing he had noticed – the language was going to cause him sleepless nights. How was he supposed to know how to pronounce any of these words?Raising his head slightly Steve did a quick look around, nobody was paying attention to him. Still, Steve didn’t want to start mumbling seemingly random words. That was a very fast and very weird way to have everybody looking at you. Instead Steve silently mouthed the strange combination of letters that was ‘Svartálfar’ and tried to imagine what it might sound like.That word already looking like it could break his tongue.Svar…Svarta…“Svartálfar. It’s one of the Southern regions. Beautiful coast, but it’s almost never warm enough to go swimming. Except for a few days during summertime.”Great, so Steve was completely unable of subtlety. At least somebody here had proved his point – that language was going to give him sleepless nights and then some more nightmares.The face looking at him was something different though. Steve had scanned the room when he had entered it. 15 minutes ago the guy who was now sitting down next to him hadn’t been here before. People like this never went by unnoticed. It had been part of Steve’s training to instantly focus on distinctive parts of people’s faces, so he could remember them easily.Very low eyebrows. There was almost no distance between them and his eyes. They were so bright and clear that they seemed grey. Very thin lips, but nicely shaped. A very soft cleft in his chin.The training wouldn’t have been necessary. It was the kind of face that burned itself into your memory, whether you wanted it or not. Steve didn’t mind, not with this one.“Hi, I’m James Barnes. People call me Bucky.” The smile on his lips was open and perfectly matched his bright eyes.Steve shook his hand, surprised by how easily the other one started the conversation. The thought crossed his mind that he was eager to talk to someone to find friends in this new place. “Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you. Svartálfar? It doesn’t sound very inviting.”“Oh, it’s nice. The scenery is beautiful and in the cities they sell those great traditional pastries.”Too much precise information for somebody who had just arrived in Valhalla. “How long have you been here?”“16 months in the ambassador’s service. Just remembered that I worried about the language too.”“And?”His smile turned into a cheeky smirk and it was suddenly obvious why his face was so easy to remember. James was… pretty. It was the first word that came to Steve’s mind and he felt stupid for it. “Oh, Old Norse is a bitch to learn. Nothing funny about it.”Just like expected. Steve sighed in defeat. “Great, I’m not too good at learning languages anyway.”“Where was your last assignment?”“London. Had no trouble learning the language there.”James softly laughed in response and Steve liked the sound of it. Everything about that man seemed rather cheerful, but not annoyingly overexcited. Steve was fond of people who had a positive attitude, in his mind it made life a lot more comfortable. “Yeah, that’s a clear advantage. You’ve never been to Asgard before?”“No and I’m afraid I don’t know a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Balder/Loki (Marvel)
Loki/others

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Cultural Differences
Modern Royalty
Politics
Intrigue
Betrayal
Manipulation
Power Play
Drama
Romance
Falling In Love
POV Multiple
Slow Build
Father-Son Relationship
Revolution
Civil War
Arranged Marriage
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Discrimination
Racism
Brotherly Love
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Psychological Trauma

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster/Thor
Balder/Loki (Marvel)
Loki/others

