Chapter 1: Randomly Selected
    




Chapter Text
Fury handed him the medical suspension with surprising delicacy. If by surprising you meant that Clint had seen it coming ever since he’d awkwardly forced down some shawarma with a motley bunch of security threats and finally had a few moments to himself to process what the fuck had just happened to him.And if by delicacy you meant absolutely none at all.But he took it in his stride. Life had been throwing these shitty lemons at him his entire life. It was about time this career soured in his hands. He’d dealt with this before, and he’d probably come out the other end alright. He had skills, some of which were transferrable, some were not. But he’d walk that road when he came to it. For now he’d be a good boy and play the waiting game.He didn’t cause a scene in Fury’s office, or in the hallway once he was out. He didn’t throw a tantrum once he got back to his quarters to collect his things. The less fuss he made, the better off he’d be in the long run. No need to burn bridges. He was a patient man, he was used to waiting. Maybe it was telling that most of his belongings fit into a duffel bag, or at least the ones that were essential. He had a stack of DVDs on a shelf that he left (he could buy another copy of the Hitchcock collection) and the dirty clothes in the hamper in the corner weren’t worth packing. He left all his toiletries, and the assorted knick-knacks that rested along the raised metal bar that was fitted into the wall beside his bunk. They were cheap little porcelain souvenirs he’d collected at airports over the years. There was a little Eiffel tower, a little model of a golden Japanese temple, a fake Fabergé egg, a small set of babushka dolls, all of which had toppled over in the chaos of his attack on the helicarrier. He righted the dolls before he left, and shut the door behind him.His resolve wavered a little as he passed the elevator for the armory, as he thought of his bow. They wouldn’t release a weapon to an agent on a medical suspension. He wouldn’t make a fuss. He waved goodbye to one of the junior agents who passed him in the hallway, and made his way back to the quinjet transport that would get him back on solid land.***He kept an apartment, but it'd been at least three months since he’d last spent any time there. The New Mexico mission kept him on base almost 24/7, and it wasn't worth the commute back to NY every time he was given two days rec leave. Before that he'd been bounced from mission to mission and it was easier to catch a break on the helicarrier than it was to come home. The large oak trees out the front of his apartment had turned a burnished gold, and there was a healthy layer of dusty red leaves littering the walk up to the stairs. Clint fumbled with the keys a little before he finally picked out the silver one that would let him into the darkened foyer. It took him a few seconds to remember where the timed light switch was, on the wall just to the left of the doorway, which he pressed and the fluro light flickered to life with an audible buzz.The ugly paint job was the same, a mildly offensive orange with a cream trim. Locked post boxes for each of the apartments lined one side and the body corp's bulletin board hung on the opposite wall. He retrieved his mail as quickly as he could, knowing the timed light would run out prematurely, and tackled the stairs with a fist full of junk mail in one hand and the overnight bag full of his worthwhile possessions in the other.Clint's apartment was on the top floor, in the far corner of the complex. The estate agent who'd rented it to him originally had bragged that it was the cheapest apartment in the building, but that wasn't why he'd signed the contract. It was the only one that didn't have a wall that faced the street front, and instead had a rather sombre view of the apartment building behind. Not much of a selling point. But he'd sacrifice a nice view of the park across the street for security any day to satiate his paranoia.His paranoia had kept him alive this long, even if it didn’t much help him sleep at night.The apartment itself was dark and musty, sparsely furnished for practicality, rather than livability. But he had the essentials: fridge, shower, bed. There was a TV set up in the living room, and a couch. The kitchen cupboard had a decent array of canned food, long-life milk and other non-perishable foodstuffs, most of which had been bought in bulk and which he had slowly been picking away at during his very rare stops home. It was likely he’d be here for a while, so he figured he might splurge and get some fresh vegetables to supplement his meals.He tossed the fistful of mail onto the kitchen bench to sort through later, and made a beeline to the master bedroom, dumping his bag in the corner. The bed was still tussled and unmade from the last time he’d stayed the night, and he knew that he should strip the sheets and put fresh ones down. But now he was here, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Recovery
Coping
or not coping

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

