Work Text:


One.


James was called to consciousness by an incessant string of his various nicknames.

"Rhodey. Rhodey patootie. Platypus. Sugar bear. Honey bee." Tony held his clasped hands against his forehead, whole body tight with fear and fury. "Come on, James!"

"Falling out of the sky." James said weakly, blinking slowly and taking in his surroundings. The steadily beeping machinery and the sterile air in the room informed him that he was hospitalized. "That's what it takes to get you to use my name?"

Tony's incredulous look of joy settled over James like a well-worn blanket, covering his body in warmth and comfort. Or rather, the upper half of his body. James' heart sunk to his stomach, where it remained because he couldn't feel anything below his abdomen.

"Oh, thank god." Tony pressed the call button once then folded his hands. "I'll call you whatever you want if you can just stay with me for a bit, buddy."

They'd known each other for over half of their lives. Never in their decades of friendship had Tony met a call button and only pressed it once, much to the annoyance of hotel clerks, flight attendants, and medical professionals. Immediately James knew something was horribly wrong. 

"Iron Patriot?" He suggested, falling back to familiar banter and swallowing down the panicked scream when he felt nothing where his legs should be. 

Tony's lips twitched in the beginning of a smile. "Yeah, anything you want, up to and including absolutely terrible names that make you sound like my sidekick." 

"Your face is the sidekick." 

"Oooh, burn." Tony hissed, grinning openly. 

"No one says that anymore." James rolled his eyes dramatically. 

They both knew that as soon as the swarm of doctors entered the room, the illusion of everything is okay would be broken. These seconds of teasing might be their last for a good long while. 

Too soon, they were separated by a sea of scrubs and lab coats. Tony set off to talk with Natasha while James learned the extent of his injuries.

*

"I'm sorry." Tony blurted out as soon as the medical team left, the door still swinging to a close. 

"Who isn't?" James mumbled, exhausted and unfocused, listening but not hearing. 

"I am, James. I'm sorry." Tony cringed with each word, as though they physically pained him. "I did this and I know my apology is kind of bullshit because, well, that's who I am, but I am. Sorry, that is."  

Something in his friend's voice penetrated the fog of fatigue and denial. "No, no. Don't even start."  

Tony flinched so violently that he had to steady himself with a hand on the bed frame. "Right, sorry. My damn ego. I'm making this about me and–" 

"Stop." James interrupted, his voice stronger than he felt. "This wasn't you, alright? I'm too tired to get into this now so I'm only going to say it once and you better pay attention." 

"You should get some rest–" Tony started before a stern glare from his friend made him rethink what he was saying. "–after you say whatever you want to say." 

"This wasn't your fault." James paused, waiting for Tony's eyes to meet his before continuing. "I know the risks every time I fly and I've accepted them. So this wasn't your fault and don't you dare go blaming my best friend for it or I'll punch your lights out. My fists work just fine, got it?" 

Tony reluctantly nodded, utter disbelief warring with desperate relief in his too-wide eyes framed with dark circles.

"Good." James leaned back against the pillows, too many and too fluffy to be standard hospital issue. "You've been making everything about you for years, no point apologizing about it now. I'm used to your ego." He lifted an eyebrow mockingly, taking the sting out of his words. "Kind of like it, actually." 

"Do I need to call the neurosurgeon back in? Maybe someone from psych?" Tony was all lingering uncertainty and hovering guilt, but the lines on his face did ease slightly.

"Yeah, see if you can get us a two for one deal." James snorted, eyes drifting closed and hand finding Tony's, still clenching the bed rail. 

This wasn't the only conversation they'd have about what happened before, at, or after the airport. It would take many more discussions and arguments to untangle the mess they found themselves in, but this was as good a start as any because they were talking. That was more than enough.

*

James woke to Pepper's usually docile voice snapping out a ‘goodbye' that was anything but courteous. 

"What's going on?" He asked, rubbing sleep from his eyes. 

"Something's happened to Tony." Pepper shakily slid her phone back into her pocket. "FRIDAY sent an alert the moment his suit went offline and Vision is heading to Tony's last known location." 

"Where?" Habit made he ask, even though he was in no condition to contribute to the rescue effort. 

"Siberia, of all places." 

"Who was that on the phone?" 

"Ross." Pepper growled, every inch a lioness protecting her pride. "He tried to give me the run-around. He failed." The look in her eyes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Thor & Tony Stark
Jessica Jones & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Natasha Romanoff & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Pro-Accords
Apologies
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Healthy Team Dynamics
Friendship
New Avengers
5+1

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Thor & Tony Stark
Jessica Jones & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Natasha Romanoff & Tony Stark

