Work Text:

Howling Commandos HQ > Home > Forums
!!! IMPORTANT !!! ATTACK ON NEW YORK — MEMBER SOUND OFF
(Sticky) Posted by Bucky1956 on May 4, 2012Folks — We've all seen the horrifying events in New York today, for continually updating news, check out the NYT/WSJ/CNN/BBC. For information on how to donate blood, supplies, cash and warm bodies, click here.If you're in New York: Please sound off so your platoon can know you're safe.***To: PC (loyaltothedream@hushmail.com)
From: Buck (bucky1956@yahoo.com)
Subject: Report!
Date: May 10, 2012Phil — where the hell are you, man? Let us know if you're all right, or if there's anything we can do to help. HQ's freaking the fuck out.***
Howling Commandos HQ > Home > Forums
!!! IMPORTANT !!! ATTACK ON NEW YORK — MEMBERS SOUND OFF
Posted by Bucky1956 on May 20, 2012This is really fucking awful and I don't know how else to start this message so I guess I'll just write it: PC is, as far as we can tell, missing and unaccounted for in the aftermath of the Battle of New York.To give some context for newer members, or people who weren't fortunate enough to talk often or much with our fearless forum head mod, PC has been the brainchild and den mother for this seething pit of Cap trivia and anger toward the History Channel's devolution into Ancient Aliens and away from its apparent previous mission statement to show every WWII documentary 2x a day since its inception.Here is what we know:PC was a New York City resident.
PC was in law enforcement.
PC has not commented or logged into his account since May 4.Look, I know we operate under pretty pervasive and unspoken rules of anonymity here, but I think this is an acceptable time to call on our collective resources.So this is an open call:If you have any information on PC, contact information, personal information, any knowledge on how we can reach out to his family, friends, etc. — please DM me, Bucky1956 or email me at bucky1956 at yahoo dot com.If PC is busy or tied up, that's fine. But it's been weeks, and no one has been able to get ahold of him and I don't know about anybody else, but if this is just PC trolling me for fun, I would like to get in touch so I can convey our collective, worried sick and overjoyed he's okay punch in the face.Thanks. I hope to hear from you guys soon.***To: PC (loyaltothedream@hushmail.com)
From: Buck (bucky1956@yahoo.com)
Subject: I swear to God.
Date: June 1, 2012Okay you goddamn asked for it you unresponsive shit. I unleashed the Howling Commandos on you and you have 24 hours to email me back before I call Fort Benning and embarrass the fuck out of you in front of your old Ranger buddies because you were such a secretive asshole we can't find any other information about you.Phil you fucking jerk. If you're okay I'm going to kill you myself.***
Howling Commandos HQ > Home > Forums
!!! IMPORTANT !!! UPDATE
(Sticky) Created by Bucky1956 on August 18, 2012All —Thank you for your gracious, persistent, and unflagging aid in the search for information about our fearless leader, PC.We're heartbroken to report that last night, we received official confirmation that PC was among the victims of May's Battle of New York.Some history:PC stood for Phil Coulson, which is a perfect distillation of both Phil's taste for imaginative naming conventions and brevity. He and I first knocked into one another on the alt.comics.captainamerica in the wild, wild west days of Usenet. We expressed a shared loathing for the repulsively absurd Rob Liefeld Cap designs of the 1990s and a shared desire for a better resource for Captain America history, comic information, and intelligent conversation than the Usenet group was providing.When we opened the Howling Commandos HQ Forum in 1998, the first three months it was more or less Phil and I writing each other open letters about our fatuous love of all things Cap, appended with long arguments about whether or not Cap was ever officially a member of the armed forces. (Me: No; Phil: Yes. This remains unresolved, and will remain unresolved going forward.)The growth of the forum into a robust and dynamic place to talk about our collective favorite thing in the world was a point of pride for Phil. Cap, and what Cap stands for culturally and in the shared history of all Americans, had a particular resonance.In our attempts to reach Phil after the Battle of New York, we cobbled together enough contextual information to risk reaching out to Fort Benning, the headquarters of the U.S. Army Rangers. They were confused when we called, but kindly took a message and promised to pass it along the appropriate channels — we weren't optimistic, but DumDum is a persistent bastard, and six days later, we received a phone call.The Rangers' motto is "Rangers lead the way," and everything we know of Phil underlines how he lived the spirit and letter of this mission.Phil worked in law enforcement, and on the day of the attack, he was among the first first responders. He died trying to help his colleag
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
