Work Text:
For probably the six hundredth time in the last few months, she cursed herself for giving up her stable and predictable, if mind numbingly boring, job in Jane’s lab. She had been sucked in by Phil Coulson’s appraising glance and by the fact that, apparently, he had approved of what he had seen. Goddam her for testing well. Goddam those dance classes in her youth that had somehow gotten her through the basic physical tests. And double goddam the surge of pride she had felt when Phil Coulson had raised an eyebrow at her and told her she was better than fetching coffee and pop tarts.“Are you sure this is necessary?” she asked again, nervously tapping her pen against the boardroom table.Phil gave her a long and steady look that held just a hint of exasperation.“I’m recommending you for training to join support for his team, Lewis,” he said evenly. “He gets a vote.”So here she was, sitting in a small boardroom, waiting for Captain fucking America to decide if she was good enough to get trained to work for the Avengers.The whole idea that the Avengers needed a ground team had seemed sort of crazy to her in the first place, but once she had gotten into her tactical training seminar, she realised that they had an entire team of point men. There was no one who’s primary job was to be gathering information, watching the pattern of the situation develop, assessing options, seeing the field as a whole. The more and more often the team got called out, the more they needed it.She knew perfectly well that the only reason she had even been shortlisted was firstly because the team had agreed that a fresh agent was best. They didn’t exactly work like other SHIELD teams, so better to find someone without those ingrained habits. Secondly, she sometimes palled around with Thor. He had probably shouted something loud and overly formal about it that forced Coulson to roll his eyes and write down her name.It wasn’t so much the meeting Captain America thing. It was more that she knew that this was going to end in a probably very polite thanks but, seriously? No. And the idea of having her inadequacies thoroughly documented before being rejected by Captain America was the absolute worst.Once, when she was about 14, she had stolen one of her Mom’s cigarettes and snuck out of the house to smoke it. She had been wandering past the old movie theatre in town, trying to get the thing lit in a stiff breeze, when she had stopped, stock still. A vintage Captain America poster was staring back at her. The actual message of the poster was about buying war bonds, but she could swear that the disappointed and stern look on his face under the dramatic lettering that said “Don’t Let Hitler Win!” was aimed directly at her. She had immediately dropped the cigarette and run back home.And now that same face was about to tell her that she wasn’t up to par to work for the Avengers.She slunk low in her chair. Christ. She was going to let Hitler win. She could just feel it in her bones. He was going to come back from the dead and re-occupy Europe because she was such a fucking pathetic excuse for a SHIELD trainee and Captain America was going to give her the disappointed face.Phil looked at her sideways.“You know,” he said calmly, “You are really going to need to learn to get a handle on that inferiority complex of yours.”All she managed in response was to gape at him stupidly for a moment, because the door opened, and Captain America walked in. She stood up, abruptly clamping her mouth closed and doing her best to look like a competent agent. It was hard though, because she had been imagining that face that had been lurking somewhere in her subconscious ever since puberty, popping up whenever she was about to make a bad decision. This man, in jeans and grey Henley with about three days’ worth of stubble on his chin, was definitely not that guy.“Agent Coulson” he greeted Phil with a boyish grin, shaking his hand as Phil rose to greet him.“Captain,” he responded with an almost giddy grin. Darcy blinked hard at the sight, “always a pleasure.”And then Captain America turned his gaze on her. His eyebrows shot up abruptly.“Miss Lewis?” he half stammered, casting a sideways glance at Phil.Yep. Here we go. She thought to herself. But she forced herself to smile politely and extend her hand like there was a real point to this interview. “Captain Rogers,” she said, “I appreciate you taking the time to meet me.”He took her hand a little gingerly, but his grip was warm and firm as her took her hand. He didn’t really shake it though, just held it for a moment, staring at her.“You’re not what I expected,” he blurted unexpectedly.She raised an eyebrow at him. He was less intimidating than she had expected. The unfortunate side effect of this was that as her star struck intimidation started to fade, she started to realise that he was still just holding her hand, looking at her like maybe Phil was playing some sort of joke on him. And, okay, maybe she had some 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
beardy!steve
Tumblr Prompt
Steve does what he wants
Smut
Shameless Smut

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

