Chapter 1: The Claiming of Loki
    




Chapter Text
I have some rather big, flashing neon, fucking issues. Please excuse the crazy and enjoy the fiction. 
Look, look, Runic, it only took me a year to get half way with it. Yay? 
* * * 


“The Claiming of Beauty”


Disclaimer:  The Avengers, Tony, Loki, etc belong to Marvel, Stan Lee, et co. I make no money from this and own nothing, don’t sue.  Summary:  [Tony/Loki] Sold into marriage as punishment for his crimes against Jötunheimr, Loki escapes with a little help from an enchantress who is in love with his husband. Pregnant, and desperate, Loki runs to Tony Stark to claim the drink (and everything else) the mortal once offered him. Unfortunately, Tony’s home is now Thor’s home, but Loki figures if he can convince enough people the child is Tony’s, Thor might even believe it too. Warnings:  Slash. Loki/Tony. Post-Avengers.  Brief flashbacks. Language. Angst. AU. Creepiness. FrostIron. Thor/Loki (dubious consent/non-con). Missing Scene. Virgin Asgardians. First time. Odin is doing it all wrong. Mpreg. Rape Culture. Triggers: rape; crying during sex; forced marriage; slavery; punishment. Anything else you can think of, just to be safe?Rating:  NC-17. Is there a higher rating by any chance? A/N: Ok, we all know I have issues, and Loki feels, so there is nothing else to say. Title: Or, “The Story of L”. Read Anne Rice’s Sleeping Beauty trilogy, it gave me a little bit of inspiration for this fiction. The rest of the inspiration comes from my fucked up thoughts. 

XXX

Words:  15,625Chapter 1Loki glowered at the crowd that had gathered in Odin’s throne room. He had been silent, gagged by the metal creation of Tony’s, and passive as Thor led him from Heimdallr’s observatory towards the palace, but the more people that had appeared, whispering and pointing at him, revelling in his shame, the stiffer Loki’s posture became. Now, it was all Thor could do to hold his brother still without hurting him, for Loki kept jerking in his grip, jumping at one or another of his watchers, snarling beneath the muzzle. His eyes were narrowed, spitting fire at those who watched him, smirking at his misfortune. Whispers of ‘he had it coming’, spread quickly around the room, and Loki’s fists clenched and unclenched with every repetition or remark that were similar. Words spread like wildfire, diffusing as fast as the wind could carry it through the room, and through Asgard, and Loki’s humiliation and anger burned brightly in its wake. 
All fell silent though, and still, as the All Father rose from his throne. 
“Loki Odinson,” he spoke, his voice loud and strong. 
At the base of his throne, Thor bent to one knee, and dragged his brother down with him. Loki glowered at Odin’s feet, unable to bring himself to meet the one remaining eye of who had long ago been his father. There would be anger there, hate and disappointment; regret, perhaps for having saved Loki’s life in the first place; there might even be pleasure, for the chance at last to tie up loose ends. Loki had no more purpose, no use could he be for Asgard, for Laufey was dead and he would never take the Jötun throne. He would not have the Asgardian throne either, and Tony Stark had successfully side tracked him from his attempt at taking Midgard for his own. So what was left for him but death? 
“You are accused,” Odin spoke again, his voice ringing clearly through the silent hall. Loki glanced up then, but not at Odin. He watched the woman who stood by the King’s side, the woman he had once called mother; she watched him now, pale faced with tears on her cheeks and her hands were bunched in the skirts of her dress, wrinkling the fabric and turning her knuckles white. Her hair, usually arranged so carefully, was tied up in the most careless bun Loki had ever seen, and he cringed as he met her eyes, for she stared at him so desperately, so hopefully. She had come to him in a hurry, Loki realised, rushed here to save him from his death perhaps? 
Loki turned his head to face Odin’s knees this time as the King began to speak again. “You are accused of the attempted genocide of the Jotnar, the siege and attempted subjugation of Midgard, and of prohibiting the return of the rightful future King of Asgard.” There was no mention by Odin of Loki’s having taken the throne for himself, nor of Frigga giving it to him, but those murmurs began again in the crowd the second Odin fell silent. Loki tensed, cringing at the use of “rightful”, because of course Thor was the rightful King of Asgard, for what about Loki could ever be right. “In your absence, while Thor and his Midgardian comrades fought heroically to protect the people of that planet from your schemes, it has been decided that your punishment will consist of reparations to the people you have harmed.”
Loki’s eyes narrowed. It seemed too easy, too lenient. Even if Odin still thought of Loki as his son (foolish, foolish man who was not his father, could not be his father, could never
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
One-sided Loki/Blysteir
Past Loki/Svadilfari

freeform: 
Mpreg
Angst with a Happy Ending
Forced Marriage
Soulmates
Virgin Asgardians
First Time
Rape Culture
Slavery
Odin is doing it all wrong
but he means well
Flashbacks
Missing Scene
Post-Avengers (2012)
Crying During Sex
Rape/Non-con Elements

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
One-sided Loki/Blysteir
Past Loki/Svadilfari

