Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clever as Loki is, he fails to notice that the path Thor chooses to take as he marches his brother through the castle is one that is isolated and purposeless. Their journey is meant to be underway soon, and Thor spoke as if he were on his way to prepare, but this path goes nowhere near any of the places where they ought to be going. The corridor is permanently cast in shadow, narrow and peripheral, and rarely frequented by anyone. It's one of many similar pathways that Loki himself preferred to travel by in his misspent youth, finding the seclusion and shadows comforting. Perhaps that is part of why he fails to note that there is no reason for them to be here; that the Thor he knew would never take such a dark route when broad and brightly lit corridors were available.But the Thor he knew is gone, as much as the young and blameless Loki is gone. There's a darkness over Thor right now, a black cloud smeared onto him that Loki is equal parts proud of and frightened to see, because he is the one who managed to work Thor into such an unforgiving mood. Getting under Thor's skin is far too easy, an old game, really, but this time... this time Loki actually worries. Things are so different now. New York was not a game. Some days he even regrets it. Some days he worries that it will be the first thing Thor never forgives him for.He flinches when Thor yanks his chains, dragging him along at a pace that it unrelenting, always a half-step faster than Loki can manage to keep up with. He's nearly tripping over himself, his chains pulled tight on his wrists and throat, but every time he snarls in protest, Thor wrenches them even further, so that Loki has to try to keep the brutal pace in order to avoid being strangled.So focused he is on the tight grip Thor has on his leash, literally, it's not entirely surprising that Loki fails to notice how far astray Thor has led him. Not until Thor abruptly stops, one hand still clutching Loki's chains in a vice grip, the other hand closing around Loki's throat without warning and shoving him bodily against the wall.All at once, Loki realizes what Thor has done - taken him aside, somewhere entirely secluded - and that he is about to reap the wrath he's been seeding in Thor for so long. Loki manages a harsh gasp before Thor's fingers dig into his neck in a hard, decisive action, effectively closing his airway."I don't want to hear anything from your needling tongue," Thor snarls, his voice as low and as dark as the shadows that cloak them in the light-starved passage. The pressure on Loki's throat releases just as quickly as it had struck, but for a long second afterward, the dishonored prince cannot draw a breath. In that moment of time, Thor grabs hold of Loki's hair, yanking viciously until Loki is turned to face the wall. Thor shoves him again, Loki's head momentarily cracking against the stone and making him see splotty red visions that ache in the veins of his eyes."Thor," Loki growls, but the sound comes out entirely too breathy and almost pleading even to his own ears."You've been disrespectful for far too long. You are my prisoner," Thor says precisely, a feral emphasis on the possessive word that makes Loki shudder. The warrior has him crowded him against the wall, every inch of his lean frame covered by Thor's broad body, as if to physically remind him of just how much smaller and weaker he is compared to Thor's raw strength. That he is literally at his master's mercy.The last thought makes Loki draw an audible breath, and Thor seems to take it as acknowledgment, as the submissive gesture that it ultimately is."While you're in my care, you will behave," Thor says, his voice in Loki's ear. The trickster bucks, trying to snap his head back into Thor's, to break the hold, but he misses and suddenly there's a hand planted between Loki's shoulders, crushing his chest and cheek flat against the wall."Fuck off," Loki drawls, and then the hand that isn't pinning him to the wall comes up, large, roughened fingers hooking around his bottom jaw and into his mouth. He bites down hard, locking his jaw, but it makes little difference in loosing Thor's grip and leaves him panting through his nose like a wild animal."I should have left you in your cage," Thor says, speaking directly into Loki's ear, making him shudder again. "But I need you on this journey, Loki. It makes little difference to me whether you come along by choice, or if I must drag you by your chains across the Nine Realms. But I will have you beside me, where you belong."His fingers tighten as he speaks, digging further into Loki's mouth. It does not escape him how Loki's eyes shut for a second, nor does he conjure any excuse for Loki's tongue against his skin, the soft, wet noise of a mouth briefly suckling on his punishing fingers. Loki tries to go still immediately afterward, but there is no disguising the quick, hot breaths blowing across Thor's knuckles."Is that pleasing to you, brother?" Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Pseudo-Incest
Anal Plug
Anal Sex
Finger Sucking
Thor: The Dark World
Chains
Comeplay
Rimming
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Denial
Oral Sex
Alternate Universe - Thor Movies
Public Humiliation
Fingerfucking
Anal Fingering
Frottage
a little touch of angst too
but overall shameless fucking
Loki is a cumdumpster
also Thor has a filthy mouth hell yeah

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

