Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Stay," he said setting her down in the area with the least amount of rubble.Darcy winced at the destruction around her and slid down the brick wall at her back to wrap her arms around her knees. Thor turned away from her and hesitated, his face grimaced in uncertainty."It has been an honor to know you, Lady Darcy. May we pass each other in the fields of Folkvangr."He swung Mjolnir into the air and was gone. Darcy lifted a shaking hand to her bleeding lip to staunch the flow and rested her head back against the wall.
What the fuck... I'm twenty five and I'm going to die... Likely by laser beam from a bedazzled glove...what the everlasting fuck.
She had only been in New York three weeks but apparently that was enough time to get front row seats to the end of the world. She closed her eyes tight as if to ward off the replay of the carnage Thor had promptly taken her away from... Hawkeye's broken bow and the hand that had once held it extended from under a mass of concrete... the crushed armor of Tony Stark red blood seeping between the joints... Vision's lifeless form crumpled where that creature had dropped it after it pried the stone from his brow.The Avengers had seemed so invincible to her. She had seen Thor destroy galactic threats on his own and when you added the others... to see them so thoroughly decimated... it was as if her brain couldn't even comprehend it. All she had wanted to do was go to graduate school, live on the east coast, and maybe just once get to see Captain America's pectorals in real life.
I guess those all came true... sorta.
She had caught a brief glimpse of the man just before Thor spotted her and pulled her to safety. It was amazing Captain Rogers was still standing, the only others left alive to fight that giant purple dick being Thor, Dr. Strange, and Loki. She scoffed and swiped at the tears that started to seep from her eyes.And you ... running toward the danger like you could actually help the Avengers.She peered around the corner, unable to help herself and immediately ducked back into her protective area as a forceful explosion careened her way. The wall above her sshattered, showering glass and rubble on top of her. Amazingly, the structure that sheltered Darcy somehow remained intact and she lifted her face, coughing into the dust that burned her throat and eyes. When it started to settle she chanced a look around, horrified to see a familiar red cape."No, no, no, no, no," she muttered, her voice sounding small and tin-like in her ears as she crawled forward on her hands and knees. Carefully she started to remove the debris from Thor's face, his eyes closed and body unmoving. She leaned in and hearing no breathing, reached down to check the pulse in his neck.
Nothing.
A strangled sound erupted from her throat and she rested her head on his chest, despair undiluted and sharp washing over her. They were all going to die...not just the rest of the Avengers and herself but everyone all over earth. How, she wondered, how could one creature do all this to the "Earth's Mightiest Heroes"? Her eyes narrowed as she recalled the glove. It all seemed to stem from that golden, ostentatious, Donald Trump inspired looking piece of metal on his hand. Several more explosions rocked the unstable roof, sending more debris showering them from above. Darcy moved to cover Thor's body as best she could, a righteous anger at her absolute impotence burning deep within her. She wished she had any way, any means to help... All she had ever wanted to do was help.A flash of silver caught her eye as she reached up to wipe the dust from her face. She put back on her glasses and there it was..."Mew mew," she breathed out, a small flicker of hope igniting in her chest. If she could get the hammer to Captain America, Doctor Strange, or even that other guy... maybe they could use it to defeat that.. thing. She took a last look at her friend, her face steeling into one of determination. She stood and ran towards the hammer, an urgent voice within her whispering that she had to move and move now. As her fingertips wrapped around the braided handle, she felt an electric pulse travel up her arm and she braced her legs to lift the heavy object. To her surprise, it lifted easily, feeling like little more than a paperweight in her hand.
You don't have time to think. Just go.
Heart hammering in her chest, she sprinted from the collapsing building hoping that her last act on Earth would be one that she would be proud of... and maybe, if she was very lucky, not too terribly painful. The electrical pulse that started in her arm spread over her entire body as she ran at a speed that felt impossibly fast, her mind chalking it up to an adrenaline burst knowing this was likely the end. As she approached the crater that was now downtown Manhattan, her vision seemed sharper and she could see across the great expanse to where Doctor Strange was lifting himself to his feet, blood trickling from a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
ShieldShock - Freeform
canon compliant up to end of Civil War
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Infinity Gems
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
The entire gang is here
Slow Burn
some talk of mental illness and consequences
May be triggering?
some smut but EMOTIONAL smut
Angst with a Happy Ending
Action/Adventure
Romance
Powers!Darcy
Infinity War AU
Infinity

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

