Chapter 1: Brooklyn
    


Summary:

Steve and Bucky visit the Fortune Teller



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
She’d been born in Mesopotamia (she’s almost positive she wasn’t alive before that) with the simple name of Aea and was considered much less important than her brother Abiditan. Ha. If only her family could see her now, over a millennia later, still alive, youthful, and (mostly) thriving when they’re only a distant memory.
 Darcy Lewis sits in her apartment in Brooklyn, gently leafing through an old, tattered journal. It contains memories, stories, and thoughts from some of her earliest lives. Lives she can no longer clearly remember.
She’s jerked out of her thoughts when she hears a scuffling outside her door. Heaving herself up with a sigh, she quickly places the journal back in it’s protective casing then, back into the storage box. She removes the gloves she wears when handling her old journals as she creeps over to her front door.
Darcy can hear two voices, lowered to a whisper, arguing about knocking on her door and she smirks to herself.
She decides solve the problem for them and opens the door.
The two young men freeze and look up at her, startled. The bigger one straightens and affixes what she thinks is supposed to be a charming smile to his face.
She waits a beat for the smaller one to straighten as well before she realizes that he’s standing to his full height already.
“Yes?”
“We’re looking for Mrs. Lewis.”
“Who is we?”
“I’m Steve Rogers, miss. This is my friend Bu—James Barnes.”
Stepping aside, she motions them to come in, and shuts the door behind them.
“It’s just Miss Lewis, thanks. I’m not married.”
Steve’s eyes get wide again. “You’re the fortune-teller?”
Now it’s her turn to glare at them and even James shrinks back from the look.
“I’m not a fortune-teller thank you very much! I practice the art of divination.”
She manages to put on an affronted air and tries not to laugh as they look taken aback.
“Er..sorry Ma’am...er miss.”
“Right. Now which of you wants the reading?”
They freeze again trading off panicked looks and she leaves them too it. Heading into her kitchen she grabs an old cookie tin from the top of the refrigerator and she smirks again when she hears them follow her.
“Steve here is the one who heard about ya.”
Steve turns a betrayed look on his friend as Darcy pushes him into one of her kitchen chairs.
“It was Bucky’s idea to come see if you really tell fortunes.” Steve said, crossing his arms and looking mulish, although she’s not entirely sure why he seems to be ready for a fight. He doesn’t seem to notice that he’s used his friend’s nickname this time.
“I don’t tell fortunes, I tell outcomes. The future isn’t set in stone, boys. The littlest thing could change the course of history.”
Steve is giving her an awed look, Bucky however looks skeptical. Something she’s used to seeing.
“Are you,” Steve’s voice is dropped to a whisper, “Are you a witch?”
Darcy laughs and the sound of a thousand voices laugh with her.
She doesn’t answer the question.
Both men now look ready to bolt, but she holds out a well worn deck of cards.
“Shuffle.” She says to Steve, her tone leaving no room for arguments.
“For how long?”
Shrugging she just twists her wrist in a circular motion as he starts to shuffle her cards, the deck looking oddly large in his small hands.
The whole situation must be setting Bucky on edge because he nudges his friend to give her the cards back quickly, his eyes darting to the view he has of her front door.
Darcy accepts the cards back, sucking in a quiet breath as she purposely brushes her fingers with Steve’s and gets a quick glance into his future.
She blinks and flips the first three cards over, facing him.
 
 
Five of Pentacles
Knight of Swords
The Tower.
 
 
All three of them sit and stare at the cards sitting on Darcy’s kitchen table before James breathes out a harsh word. “Well?”
Ignoring him, Darcy gives Steve another long once over, making the poor boy shrink in on himself.
“You’re sick a lot aren’t you.”
James snorts and mutters something about understatements under his breath.
“You’re a fighter too, I see. You don’t like bullies very much, but you also don’t really think about things before you rush headfirst into them.”
Steve is giving her that awed look again, ignoring the slight shoulder shove he gets from his friend.
“You want to fight in the war.”
The blush the colors Steve’s face is the only answer she needs and Darcy takes a moment to study the pair before her. James’s focus is ninety percent on his friend with the other ten divided between her and the front door. His teasing from moments ago has bled away leaving him tense and protective.
Silence now threatens to become overwhelming as she decides what exactly to say, before giving a mental shrug.
“You’re going to get your wish.”
Steve nearly falls out of his chair and James turns a menacing glare on her.
“Really?”
Tapping the Knight of Sword
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Darcy Lewis is immortal
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Tarot Cards
Bucky is not happy
Mild Angst
Mentions of Darcy's past
We're waving at canon as we pass it by
story time
surprise twist
More angst
Darcy is suspicious of Odin
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Aphrodite - Freeform
Hay-Adams hotel
The end of our parallel ride with canon
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Bucky killed Tony's parents
WinterShieldShock - Freeform
This is an accidental
Slow Burn
Pre-Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

