Work Text:

“Hey- we’re about fifteen minutes out. Make sure you’ve got like…half a store’s worth of food; Drax hasn’t eaten for 29 minutes,”
Tony laughed; twisting around on his chair and holding the phone against his ear with his shoulder as he worked on Peter’s new suit- that boy seemed to go through them like they were made of silk rather than titanium-lined ballistic nylon.But hey, the kid beamed and thanked him every damn time Tony gave him so much as a cup of coffee, so he’d say it was worth it.“Well I can’t actually move around in my kitchen thanks to the amount of food in there now, so I’d say we might just about have enough. Hey, is the helipad even big enough for your ship?” Tony asked.
“Ehhhh, let’s find out.”
“Groot’s using his weird plant-powers to regrow my lawn if you can’t”“That’s fair. Oh, by the way; Rocket’s got some of our fancy space tech to show you, too. Just a head’s up, though, he’ll totally pretend it was him that got it to work and not you, because he’s a little shit like that,” Tony heard Quill’s voice raise a few octaves and grow sharper toward the end, and he guessed the last part was directed straight at Rocket, rather than himself.His prediction was proved right when he heard Rocket mumble something about “that was one time, Peter, get over it. It’s not like you patented it, was it?”Before Quill could reply and begin the usual five-minute argument, Tony cut in. “Great! Although, is it technically ‘fancy space tech’ to you if you’re always in space? Isn’t it just ‘fancy tech?’”He heard Quill groan theatrically down the line. “Don’t get philosophical with me, Tony, I get enough of that from Drax. Ever since you ordered takeaway that night, he’s been asking everyone whether Chinese people just call it ‘food’. Anyway- let’s just say it’s some ‘fancy space tech’ that Rocket is getting angry at, and we’d rather he didn’t get angry at it because there’s a possibility it could go boom.”“So you’re dumping it with me, instead?”“I thought you were compellingly attracted to things that go boom?” Drax asked down the line.“…Point. I’ll look it over when you get here.”
“Thanks, Tony. Also, we brought you some units to pay for the repairs you made on the ship last time we visited. I know it’s not Earth-currency, and I’m really sorry, but we thought that…you know, Unit’s are pretty- well- universal, so if ever you’re floating around outside Earth and need cash-“
“Hey, what? No. You don’t need to pay me back, Peter. It’s fine,” Tony said, eyebrows furrowing in confusion as he clicked his fingers to catch FRIDAY’s attention and bring him up the Guardians’ ETA.
“Uh, yeah, we do? The maintenance probably cost loads of…what were they- dollars? Man, you’re all so weird. Anyway- we’re paying you back, dingus.”
“No- Peter, if you didn’t already realize, I’m a billionaire-“
“So? Since when did that equate to it being okay for us to just take all your money to fix our own shit? Look- unless you want Gamora to physically shove them down your throat, just accept it, dude.”
Tony opened his mouth to reply, and then Gamora added, “He’s not wrong, you know.”
He closed his mouth.“Right. Fine. Whatever, be weird about it,” Tony shrugged, slightly confused at their behavior. He had no idea why they were trying to give him, a billionaire, more money, but for whatever reason it was, they certainly seemed set on it.“Do you need a favor? Aside from the apparent bomb disposal I’m gonna have to perform when you touchdown, that is,” he asked curiously.“What? We…no, Tony, Jesus, the money is just us saying thank you!” Quill exclaimed.“Thank you for what? The hell did I do?”There was a sound of exasperated bafflement down the line, and Tony winced. He’d only met the Guardians a few months ago, and they got on really well- he really didn’t want to piss them off so damn soon-
“For not trying to kill us when we- a burning ship full of aliens- crashed down at your doorstep in some sort of fucked-up version of your worst nightmare? When you offered to fix the all the goddamn engines on our ship and had to spend like a gazillion human dollars? When you let us all stay at your compound while we were grounded even though you had no idea who the fuck we were? Remember any of that?”
 Tony did, actually. He had to admit, when he’d been informed by FRIDAY that an Unidentified Flying Object was trying to land itself in his front garden whilst two of the four engines were on fire and four non-humans appeared to be jumping out of it- he’d been kinda shaken up.After New York, and all…well, that kind of shit didn’t do his heart any favors.But he’d gone out to investigate anyway, in case of Invasion pt. 2- and instead he found a group of aliens who called themselves the Guardians of The Galaxy.One of them was a juiced-up raccoon with a gun. Another of them was a small tree.Tony had been convinced he was hallucinating for the first hour.But once he’d established that no, they weren’t planning on killing anyone and actually, they had simpl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark is a BAMF
Angst
Tony Stark-centric
Not A Fix-It
Or At least not a CW fix-it
Tony Fucks off with the Guardians and leaves the Avengers' negativity behind him
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Not Really Avengers Positive
Tony Stark Is Tired Of Your Bullshit
Vague Mentioning of Past Steve/Tony
BUT VERY VAGUE
Fluff
Tony Stark The Space Princess
With Quill As His Space Prince

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

