Work Text:
Matt woke up groggy, his senses strangely muted. It was cold and dank, and he startled as the air shifted above his back. Someone was there, and he hadn’t even heard their breathing, much less their heartbeat.“Finally awake, slut?” said a male voice that barely rang off concrete walls, as a cold, slick finger pressed firmly down his crack.Matt tried to shout and choked, something heavy and tasting of silicon lodged halfway down his throat, stretching his mouth so wide his jaw hurt. His hands and feet jerked against something smooth, where they were hogtied behind him, his hips aching. Polyester rope.He could barely tell which way was up with the way the room was spinning if it weren’t for the rough sheets scratching his cheek, wet with drool.God, how did he—Pouring rain, roof tiles slipping under his feet as he chased the pounding footsteps. The girls had gotten away, but he had to get to their smuggler, their pimp before he could—a boom of thunder. Everything disappeared in a flood of sound, before echoing in startling clarity across the brick and steel of Hell’s Kitchen in a way the pattering rain didn’t, revealing a figure that hadn’t been there a moment ago, flicking open a—Goosebumps pebbled all over, as the man’s finger slipped into his hole, as Matt’s sphincter fluttered open, unable to stay clenched forever.“Playing coy, trying to keep that slutty hole tight for me?” the man continued in his soft monologue, as Matt snarled and tried to squirm away. It hurt, and not in the way he relished. The pain made him feel weak and helpless, even more than whatever drugs were coursing through his veins. “Don’t worry. We both know how you’ll be gagging for it in the end, begging me for more.”The finger twisted before it withdrew, returning with a friend. The oily-sweet smell of glycerol hung in the air.He didn’t even have bruises from the—was there a fight? He tried to find a concrete memory to hang onto, as his hole burned as it was stretched further. Even the sheets felt far away. “Maybe you’re wondering if your friends got away. Don’t worry, they’ve all been rounded up and sold.” His fingers twisted and curled, sparking horrifying pleasure up Matt’s spine. “Their asses are just undergoing retraining until they’re shipping to their new owners, just like you. In fact—”His fingers mercifully withdrew, only for three of them to return, slicker than ever. “Let’s check in to see how they’re doing now.”The whine of a TV turning on hovered at the edge of his awareness, immediately drowned out with a litany of “-uck me in my ass, pound my cunt until I can’t sit for a week. Yes, yes, yes, your cock, give it to me. Fuck me just like that. I want it, I want—”“You see,” said the man, his voice barely audible over the wet sounds of sex, his fingers still stroking in a steady rhythm, “We’re just giving the poor sluts what they want.” The tinny voice over the TV squealed, gasping yes, pinch my slutty nipples, slap my tits, as the man continued, “By the time they’re ready, they won’t have a thought in their come-dumb heads except for getting fucked stupid.” The fingers were rubbing at that spot that made Matt see stars again, harder than ever. “They won’t ever be happy without all their holes stuffed. Just like you.”His cock replaced his fingers just as the woman on the other side of the live feed sobbed, “Breed this fuck pig full,” and came.It was thick and hard, but Matt was too wet and well-stretched for it to hurt. He wanted it to, desperately, especially when it bumped against his prostate and kept dragging as the man kept pressing in. It was so long.He couldn’t even keep his toes from curling, right in front of the man’s face.“Enjoying yourself?” said the man, as his baseball bat of a dick finally slid home. He grabbed the—oh God—spreader bar spreading Matt’s ankles as far as they would go, pulling out, as the woman’s moans shaded from pained pleasure to just pain, her assailant continuing to jackhammer into her.There was no build-up.The man slammed home, his balls slapping against Matt’s, pulling out with a corkscrew of his hips before hammering home again. The pace was brutal, hard and fast enough that Matt would be getting rug burn on his chest as he was fucked across the lumpy mattress if he wasn’t held in place by the spreader bar.It was like all the feeling rushed back in a roar of pounding blood.If he couldn’t feel the sheets before, he could feel them all too well now, folds digging into his belly, scraping against his pebbling nipples, sticking to his hot skin. Sweat poured off his back. He shivered as the droplets rolled down his spine, leaving it prickling in its wake. Even the air felt like it was torturing his sensitized skin.Matt knew how to deal with pain, and how to deny himself what he didn’t deserve, but this—split open to the core, helpless to the unwelcome pleasure but to tongue and pant around the penis gag in his mouth—Matt had no defenses. His hands could twist just enough in the bonds t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Other(s)

freeform: 
Drugged Sex
Verbal Humiliation
Situational Humiliation
Public Humiliation
Dehumanization
Objectification
Sexual Slavery
Forced Feminization
Public Sex
Medical Kink
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Unhappy Ending

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Other(s)

