Chapter 1: When Everything Changes
    




Chapter Text
Just a little higher, Harry thought whilst chasing the snitch. The storm grew around him, dark clouds throbbing ominously, but he didn't notice, so focused was he on the golden darting object that was just a few feet away, getting closer and closer to his outstretched hand. He almost had it, and with it, the match. Self-preservation could wait.Then he felt a bone deep coldness settle on him and an entirely different chill, one of recognition, ran through him. He had felt this cold before, unnatural and all pervading. The rain nearby was freezing into droplets of ice, pelting him, and for once, he was glad for his glasses as he looked around. Dozens of Dementors were all around him. As they drew closer, he began to hear things, just like before, and see flashes of memory.A dark room and a darker figure who seemed to be robed in shadow. A red haired woman standing between him and Harry.
Stand aside, you foolish girl!
The red haired woman, his mother maybe, refusing to stand aside.
No, please, not Harry!
The robed figure, Voldemort, raising his wand, a green light issuing from it, the woman falling and then… then he turned on Harry. Another flash, and he raised his wand.
AVADA KEDAVRA!
There was another green light and a rushing sound.It was at that point that his grip on his broom failed. He fell. And as he did, helpless and in truly mortal danger for the first time in his life, unable to do anything to save himself, something... shifted. His unconscious mind sent out a wordless scream for help, from someone, anyone.For most, this would have had no effect whatsoever. Even for Harry, it would normally not have achieved a blessed thing. But this time, something in his mind flickered and stirred, like a banked ember at a campfire being prodded into life. His descent slowed, and the psychic SOS went winging away into the aether.OoOoONot a moment later, in Asgard, worlds away, Loki sat bolt upright in his bed, simultaneously very awake, very worried, and very confused. It should have been impossible for such a distress call, aimlessly flung into the void, to reach him. By all logic, it should be impossible, even for this child. For his nephew.He had known, he grumbled internally as he vaulted out of bed, clothes forming around him. Oh yes, he had known that this would come back to haunt them. He had known that it could not be kept secret forever, indeed, he had opposed the lies in the first place. He had recognised their necessity, yes, but he felt that something should have been done. But had he been listened to? No. No, he hadn't. And now he was going to have to deal with the fall-out.Well, nothing for it, he thought as he teleported to Thor's chambers. Something was going to have be done, and they would just have to hope that he was right, and time (at least, a decade or so) was a sufficient healer. If it wasn't things would get very messy, very quickly - and not just because of the fact that his nephew was being attacked by a horde of Dementors as he plummeted towards the ground and a very final splat."Thor!" he yelled, bursting into his brother's room, having teleported just outside - Thor tended to have a very particular response to tall figures appearing suddenly and unexpectedly at his bedside. This response was more or less the same as his one to unexpected figures bursting through the door and shouting, but Loki reasoned that if he was at the door, this gave him more time to duck."What is it brother?" Thor said, groggily grabbing Mjolnir, Jane struggling to sit up next to him."A family emergency," Loki said. "Involving your son." Despite the urgency, he smirked as Thor bolted upright, now completely awake."What? Is this one of your tricks?" Thor asked suspiciously. While Loki's slow recovery meant that he could no longer justly be called 'evil', he could most certainly be called 'mischievous.'Loki rolled his eyes and crossed to Thor's side. "No. I have no time to explain, so we'll have to do this the hard way. My lady Jane, you might want to get out of the way. There is a rather impressive memory block on my brother and releasing it so violently could lead to flailing."Jane immediately slipped out of the bed, wearing only a small shirt and shorts. Loki smiled slightly. There were many reasons for him to like Jane Foster. She was both sensible and exceptionally intelligent, with her good sense keeping Thor on a leash as a result, and she didn't ask stupid questions in emergencies."Memory block?" Thor asked, confused and suspicious, but didn't resist as Loki pressed his hands to his brother's temples. At another time, Loki might have been touched at this extension of trust, but there was no time, for either dwelling on trust, or for that matter, for subtlety. Instead, he smashed straight through the magics that had been placed on Thor's mind. One small blessing was that they had sacrificed strength to maintain subtlety and were therefore easy to brush
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper/Tony
past Bruce/Betty - Relationship
past Bucky Barnes/Minerva McGonagall
Jane Foster/Thor
Jean-Paul Beaubier/OC
Harry Dresden/Wanda Maximoff
past Lily Evans/James Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Loads and Loads of Characters - Freeform
Demigod!Harry
Reformed!Loki
NotTamed!Loki
smart!thor
Canon Snape
Dysfunctional Family
Team as Family
Feels
BAMF!Avengers
BAMF!Winter Soldier
darker and edgier
Denser And Wackier
director's cut
Humour
No Bashing

fandom: 
Pepper/Tony
past Bruce/Betty - Relationship
past Bucky Barnes/Minerva McGonagall
Jane Foster/Thor
Jean-Paul Beaubier/OC
Harry Dresden/Wanda Maximoff
past Lily Evans/James Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

