Work Text:
"This is not," Charles says archly, "how I wanted to spend the weekend.""Would you please," Erik mutters, flexing his wrists, trying to squirm his way out of the rope.  There isn't any metal in this cell, of course, and that bodes poorly for all sorts of things-- but for now, the key thing they need to do is get themselves untied."Would I please... yes, Erik, what exactly should I do?  I'm afraid I can't exactly pick myself up and walk over to you, and even if I could, my hands are every bit as tied as yours."  Charles stays where he is, leaning up against the wall of their cell, his legs awkwardly splayed in front of him.  Erik's relieved that they don't seem to be bent in any ways that indicate a break, and there's no sign of any blood.  Who knows how long they're meant to be in here, and if Charles were hurt..."Just... calm your mind," Erik says.  "There."  He jerks one wrist free, and the ropes fall clear of the other.  With that done, he can untie the ropes around his ankles, and then make a quick survey of his body.No helmet, his uniform gone; he's wearing a thin cotton t-shirt and drawstring pants.  Nothing on under those pants.  Canvas shoes.  Not a trace of metal in any of it.  The room contains one pallet... possibly stuffed with cotton or straw, and in either case, sewn shut, no zipper.  There's a bucket in the corner for the inevitable, but it's plastic.  Even standing up, stretching his arms to his sides, pushing against the Earth's magnetic field and levitating, he can't grip enough metal to break them out of here.They might be here for a while."Here, let me help you," he says, coming over to Charles, kneeling down at his side."Oh, if you're certain.""Charles--""Because if you need to do any more cinematic posing, I can wait.  No hurry."Erik rolls his eyes, though he's carefully sweeping his hands down Charles's legs all the same, checking for injury as he straightens them.  Charles's ankles were spared the rope, and that makes Erik all the more infuriated at their captors-- apparently they just let Charles's legs go wherever gravity put them, not seeing any need to worry about doing more or taking any care with him.  "I'll need to turn you on your side to get to the rope.  All right?""Yes, all right," Charles says.  No sarcasm this time; apparently he wants to be out of those ropes as badly as Erik wants him out of them.  Between the two of them, they get Charles laid out on his side, and Erik quickly unties him.Charles sighs and pushes himself back up to sitting, then rubs his wrists.  "Much better," and grudgingly, "thank you.""Can you sense any minds?""Yes," Charles snaps, "two.  One of them is quite irritated that his plans to visit Geneva were interrupted by all this, and the other is simultaneously searching for metal, wondering where we are, and noticing that my hair's thinned even more since you saw me last, thank you for that."  Charles glares at him.  "You're not precisely getting any younger yourself, you know.""For pity's sake, Charles."Charles crosses his arms over his chest and looks to the side, at the east side of the cell.  At least there's that; Erik can feel magnetic north pulling at him, so he knows the cardinal directions.  More than that, he knows they're still on Earth.  Small favors."No one beyond us.  You're sure?""I'm sure," Charles says.  "And I couldn't read them when they took us, either.  I don't have any idea what they want or who they are.  But," and he glares at Erik again, "I'm fairly certain that it's all your fault.""Charles!""You have far more enemies than I do, you know."Erik grits his teeth.  "And if my war were so unnecessary, why would my enemies have me locked up here with you?  If they're so reasonable, why would they resort to kidnapping and taking hostages--""To fight terrorism with terrorism, I suppose.  Maybe when they come back, I'll try telling them I don't know you.  We might both be mutants, but I'm certainly not a part of your Brotherhood."This time it's Erik who looks away.  "No," he says quietly, "you're not."---When Erik tries to offer Charles the pallet, Charles's stubbornness rears up again."I'd like to think we aren't going to be here long enough to need a good night's sleep, but even if we are, it's not as though I'll manage it on that.  I use quite a few pillows, and I need to turn over halfway through the night.""I'll help.""I don't expect you to let me sleep on you."Erik hesitates, and Charles grimaces, putting both hands to his temples."Stop thinking so loudly.""Make me," Erik snaps.  When Charles looks up at him with vague astonishment in his eyes, Erik's chagrined expression is its perfect counterpoint.  They both chuckle."I hear that sort of thing more often than you'd think," Charles says wistfully.  "I love my students, but dear God, they do get younger all the time.""I sort of figured that might reach you," Erik admits.  A moment later, he's shaking his head.  "No, that isn't it, really.  You always want to pretend
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Future Fic
Alternate Universe - Future
Canon Disabled Character
Kidnapping
Trapped
Huddling For Warmth
Angst
Bickering
Community: fan_flashworks

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

