Work Text:
Steve's been so sick, so often, that Bucky's grown used to it. Steve's made it through the chicken pox, lived through the flu every winter since Bucky's known him, fought through asthma attacks the way he fights bullies: bloody and bowed, but unbroken in the end. Which is why he lets himself forget, sometimes, how sickly Steve really is. He's grown up some, but he'll never be tall or broad; at seventeen, he still looks twelve, bony and narrow, with skin as translucent as the onion skin pages in the Rogers family bible they've lugged with them from place to place since they aged out of the orphanage.Steve coughs again, the spasm wracking his whole body. Bucky sits beside him on the bed, rubbing his back gently, the knobs of his spine sharp even through the layers of clothing he's wearing. The radiator hisses and clanks, and smell of wet wool fills the room.Bucky thinks about putting his wet coat on and going back out into the storm to track down old Doc Winters and beg him to come and look at Steve, but as soon as he shifts his weight as if to get up, Steve wraps a hand loosely around his wrist. "Don't go," he murmurs. "Bucky, please.""Just gonna get you more aspirin," Bucky says, standing slowly. The way Steve's hand slips away from his is worrisome, but Bucky tamps down his concern, forces himself to sound cheerful and confident. He takes the last two aspirin out of the tin Mrs. McCourt from down the hall had given him when she heard Steve was sick again, and refills Steve's glass with water. He places the pills in Steve's palm and holds the glass to his shivering lips once he's put them in his mouth. "Bottoms up."Steve frowns but gulps the water down before he sinks back onto the bed, expending even that much energy too much for him.Bucky brushes Steve's hair back from his forehead, which burns against Bucky's palm. He hasn't prayed regularly since his ma died, but he offers up a Hail Mary as he slides into the bed and curls up behind Steve, trying to will his fever to break.Bucky doesn't sleep much that night; he spends most of it panicking and praying in the silence of his own head. Steve shivers and shakes against him, the rattle in his chest echoed by the rattle of the bedroom window as wind and rain lash against it. Bucky alternates Hail Marys with the single, fervent wish that Steve not die, not here, not now, not like this. Steve is meant for better things, and Bucky wishes he could give them to him, give him more than a cold water flat on the fifth floor of a rickety old tenement that smells like cat piss and cabbage, give him a job and a girl and a life that doesn't grind him down in a world that recognizes him as the good man he is, the great man he could become, if only he survives.Around three a.m., Steve's breathing evens out and he starts shrugging off the various blankets and sweaters cocooning him. His skin when Bucky finds him beneath the covers is cool and clammy, his undershirt soaked through with sweat.Steve grunts and rolls onto his back, towards Bucky. He squints in the darkness. "Bucky?""I'm right here, pal." His voice is a little rough--he pretends it's from being woken up, not from relief--and he clears his throat. "How you doing?" "Thirsty," Steve answers. "Better.""Good," Bucky says, helping Steve into a sitting position. He wraps one arm around Steve's skinny shoulders and reaches for the warm glass of water on the bedside table with the other. "Here."Steve drains the glass and holds it out for more. When he's done, he hands the glass back to Bucky and snuggles down into his blankets. Bucky refills the glass one more time and puts it back on the bedside table. He stands there, torn by the desire to climb back into the bed with Steve, to keep watch over him and make sure the fever doesn't come back, and the knowledge that they're too old to cuddle under the covers together, even while Steve's ill, and he should really go back to his own bed."C'mere," Steve says, twitching the covers at him, and since it's what he really wants to do anyway, Bucky climbs back in beside him. He's rank with illness and sweat, but his skin is cool to the touch and he's not coughing, so Bucky doesn't care. "Night.""Night." Bucky brushes Steve's damp hair off his forehead and Steve's eyes flutter closed, his breathing evening out quickly. Before he can think better of it, Bucky brushes his lips across Steve's, chastely, nothing like the kisses he gives the girls from the block. It's a kiss barely worthy of the name, he thinks, as soft as the brush of an early morning breeze or a butterfly's wing and communicating nothing of the intensity of what he actually feels for Steve. His heart flutters at the contact and he thinks it might just fly right out of his chest. He can hear Steve's breath hitch, but he doesn't open his eyes. Bucky lies back down, and pretends it never happened. It's a long time before he's able to fall asleep.Later, decades and continents later, after they've both been lost a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
First Kiss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

