Work Text:
 
After the shit storm that was the Accords and the Avengers splitting in half, Harry chose to stay at the Avengers tower. Mostly to keep an eye on Tony and make sure he was okay than out of any real need to be an Avenger now. And he was on call for Rhodey too, seeing as he was working on healing the man’s legs. Besides, he had traveled through the veil to this world out of a need to get away from his own. He wasn’t about to desert his friends here.

A yelp brought him out of his thoughts as he glanced through the floor to ceiling windows of the tower. Tony definitely wasn’t going to say anything but Harry did think the other man was glad that Harry had stayed by his side. He wasn’t Loki though and neither of them knew where Thor’s brother was.


“Sir requests your presence,” Jarvis spoke, his voice coming through the speakers in the ceiling.


“Is it T’Challa again or Peter? Though, come to think of it, Peter’s the one who sometimes arrives by rooftop.”


“It’s someone else,” Jarvis said.


Harry nodded, uncrossing his legs and stretching. “Urgent?”


“If you think someone appearing out of nowhere is urgent.”


Harry snorted and stood up, glancing out at the nighttime happenings in New York. The city looked beautiful from all the way up here, watching everyone go about their nightly bar hopping and parties. Or just walking home from work. Though people just looked like ants to him from up here. “This about what happened in Hong Kong?”


“I can’t say.”


Harry grinned slightly then walked over to the elevator, stepping in and waiting for Jarvis to take him where he was needed.

 
 

Tony breathed a sigh of relief when he spotted Harry step out of the elevator. Harry was just in jeans and a dark green t-shirt, nothing that outright screamed wizard. Hell, if Tony was just meeting the two men in front of him, he wouldn’t have thought Harry was a wizard at all. The only minor thing that indicated otherwise was the wand tucked into one of Harry’s pockets and it was always a different pocket.


He watched Doctor Stephen Strange out of the corner of his eyes, studying the man for any reaction. Loki had a definite reaction when he had met Harry, noting that the British man was like a void. Visible in the physical sense but not in the magical sense. “Harry, fancy seeing you here. We have a guest.”


Harry snorted and walked over to stand next to Tony, looking their newest ‘guest’ over. “I suppose you’re to thank for Hong Kong? Whatever the hell that was?”


Stephen stared at Harry, studying him intently. “Avenger, I take it?”


“Something like that,” Harry offered. “Harry James Potter, at your service. Or not. I’m picky about who I choose to befriend.”


Tony snorted and Harry rolled his eyes. “Weren’t you one of the ones that Tony asked about Rhodey?”


“So he was the one with the spinal injury?” Stephen questioned, looking back at Tony like he was dismissing him.


“Yeah. I heard you were a little busy at the time, what with driving off the cliff and all,” Tony remarked.


“Shit happens sometimes,” Stephen replied steadily.


“Why’d you need me anyway?” Harry questioned, looking between them with fond exasperation in his green eyes. Tony watched Harry rock back on the heels of his feet and that alone clued Tony in to the fact that Harry knew more than he was letting on about Stephen Strange. Most of the time Harry would be still, almost deathly still when he met new people, and now… Tony wondered why Harry was pretending he knew nothing about Hong Kong. Something in Harry’s voice told Tony that he knew about what happened. At the time of the chaos in Hong Kong, Harry had been gone, unreachable through comms. “I was busy.”


“He just popped out of nowhere!” Tony exclaimed, gesturing at Strange, who looked unruffled by Tony’s words. “Besides, Jarvis told me you weren’t busy.”


“I was planning on what to cook for dinner tonight. It is my night after all,” Harry said, turning to look at Stephen. “So… you pop out of thin air, huh?”


“Something like that,” Stephen answered, his lips twitching up into a small smirk.


Harry rolled his eyes again. “Oh Merlin, another one?”


“Arrogant billionaires are very common around these parts,” Stephen commented, scowling a little.


“Ex billionaire, or so I’ve heard,” Tony said apologetically.


“Billionaire or sorcerer supreme? Hmm, it’s difficult to know which is better,” Stephen said, moving his hands like he was weighing the words. Tony watched as Stephen’s hands trembled, remembered the news articles about how badly the car accident had injured the other man.


“What’d you do with the bad guy? Whoever he was? Kill?” Harry asked curiously. “Or just maim?”


Stephen looked at him and raised an eyebrow. “Do you kill your opponents?”


“Sometimes,” Harry offered. “There was one man… Anyway, that was a long, long time ago.”


“Long, long time ago? You look at least 20. It couldn’t have been that long ago.”


Harry glared at Stephen and crossed his arms. “I just look 20,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Stephen Strange
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Master of Death Harry Potter
Top Harry
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Stephen Strange
Loki/Tony Stark

