Chapter 1: unseen
    


Summary:

Stiles has died just as much as he's lived.



Notes:
Chapter Specific Tags: Original Stiles Stilinski, Reincarnation

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Sweat dripped down Stiles’s back as he jogged through his neighborhood. He was lucky it was still early summer, because the early morning, while warm, didn’t make him want to curl up and die of heat exhaustion after going ten feet. Stiles would like to say that he jogged because he enjoyed staying in shape, but honestly, he only did it in order to better get away from whatever near-death experience was following him at the moment. He knew a gruesome end was inevitable, but it didn’t mean he had to run toward it with open arms.
He wasn't being macabre either, just realistic, because he had died. A lot.
Performing his spell in conjunction with his mother's all those centuries ago had created an unexpected side effect for Stiles. He was still a witch, still as powerful as before, but he wasn’t immortal. The spell killed him; that wasn’t a surprise. The surprising thing was that, fifteen years later, he “woke up” in the body of a young man dying of starvation in southern France, only to die again four months later. He woke again in the 1150s, in time to die as a Crusader in Damascus. He seemed to wake up once a century, live a short while (or a very short while), and die prematurely. In 1348, he was a fifteen-year-old physician’s apprentice trying to ease the suffering of those who were infected with what would become known as the Black Death. He helped those around him for three years, easing their suffering with medicine and magic, before succumbing to the disease near the end of the epidemic.
He consoled himself with the thought that at least he had outlasted the doctor.
In 1532, Stiles came into his memories as a toddler in Florence. He grew up in prosperity under Medici rule, and lived a full life until he died in his early 40s. He regretted not having a family of his own, and missed his siblings terribly, but didn’t know how anyone new might be affected by his curse, so he didn't risk it.
It was during his life in Italy that Stiles first met the family that would become his caretakers. He had come, quite by accident, across a young girl lost in the forest, and had seen her to her home. The family was grateful, and when the grandmother suddenly declared that Stiles would die five days later, he found himself telling them his life’s story. The family (which turned out to be full of witches) kept him safe, and appointed him a “knight”, to protect him as much as possible. They told him shocking, heartbreaking, and hopeful stories of his family through the centuries, and recruited other families to silently watch over his siblings. Their love and acceptance was much more than Stiles could have ever hoped for. For the first time, he died surrounded by people who loved him.
After his full life, it seemed the curse was reset with a vengeance. Now, instead of one life per century, he would live two, or three. Sometimes, he wouldn’t be in a body long enough to meet a knight. In the 1600s, he was burned in Germany for witchcraft and died during a volcanic eruption at Vesuvius. He woke up in July of 1863 in a small town in Pennsylvania and died twelve hours later in the Battle at Gettysburg. Other lives were just as violent: he’d been stabbed, poisoned, hung, and drowned over the years.
His current life, as a teenager in Beacon Hills, was only the second time that he had actually lived normally, where he’d had the chance, at least for a while, to be a kid and make plans for the future. Stiles sometimes thought, if only to himself, that it was sad that werewolves fell into the “normal” column of his existence.
Stiles had known his knight in this lifetime since he was six years old: Jackson Whittemore. The adoptive son of a wealthy Beacon Hills family, Jackson looked like the quintessential self-absorbed jock by the majority of the town. In reality, Stiles had taken one look at the shy boy hiding behind Mrs. Whittemore the day the family had come to pledge fealty, and immediately declared Jackson his knight. It didn’t matter that Jackson was Stiles’s age and had no training in the position; Stiles thought that they would do just fine protecting each other.
Unfortunately, as the boys got older, Jackson realized that friend and protector didn’t necessarily go hand in hand. He pulled away from Stiles, being needlessly cruel, until Stiles didn’t acknowledge his knight at all. Jackson’s parents understood that he was trying to protect his friend, even if they didn’t agree with his choice. Stiles simply avoided Jackson as best he could and pretended that they’d never been friends at all.
Shaking himself out of his reverie, Stiles realized that he had run all the way to the local diner—surely his hard work (and trip down horrible memory lane) deserved some curly fries?
None of his friends 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Katherine Pierce/Stiles Stilinski
Stiles Stilinski & Allison Argent
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Damon Salvatore & Elijah Mikaelson
Stiles Stilinski & Derek Hale
Stiles Stilinski & Peter Hale
Peter Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Stiles Stilinski/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Magical Stiles Stilinski
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Reincarnation
Stiles is Pushed Out of the Pack
Stiles Leaves Beacon Hills
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Nogitsune
Lydia Martin & Stiles Stilinski are Twins
Allison Argent & Stiles Stilinski Are Twins
Temporary Character Death
Memory Alteration
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Hijinks & Shenanigans

fandom: 
Katherine Pierce/Stiles Stilinski
Stiles Stilinski & Allison Argent
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Damon Salvatore & Elijah Mikaelson
Stiles Stilinski & Derek Hale
Stiles Stilinski & Peter Hale
Peter Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Stiles Stilinski/Tony Stark

