Work Text:
“...I don’t think we can base this completely on brain chemistry...”
“...but, Fitz!  Our dopamine levels are fluctuating wildly and...”
Phil Coulson suppressed a wince at the increasingly loud discussion taking place in the center of the lab.  Fitzsimmons’ bickering wasn’t helping the sharp pounding in Phil’s head or the vague instinct that he should be doing something else.  In his chest, Phil’s heart was beating like he’d been fighting for his life and no amount of slow, deep breathing was helping calm his racing pulse.  Even Phil’s skin felt two sizes too small, like he was going to vibrate right out of it.  Sucking in another lungful of air, Phil tuned out the arguing scientists and let it out slowly.  He needed to hold on to the fraying edges of his control and keep his team together or they’d never figure out what was going on.
The last thing Phil remembered was waking up confused on the cold, cracked concrete floor of a deserted facility just outside of Tokyo.  He had a hazy recollection of ordering the whole team off the Bus to gather information and samples from the building because they’d been sent there to investigate… something.  Someone had tripped something in the main laboratory inside the facility, causing the whole lab to slam shut and a white gas to be pumped in through the vents.  After that, there had been some bright flashes of light, but whenever Phil tried to concentrate on that -- or what they’d been at the facility for -- a sharp pain started drilling into his temples.  That in itself would have been weird enough, but when Phil and the rest of his team had woken up from the effects of the drug on the cold, cracked concrete floor, they hadn’t been alone.  Agents Clint Barton and Jasper Sitwell had also been trapped in the lab and knocked out by the gas, with no clear memories how they’d got there.
Phil had immediately ordered everyone back to the nearest biocontainment facilities he could think of -- Fitzsimmons’ lab on the Bus.  However, even as large as the lab was, it hadn’t hadn’t been designed to house eight adults in comfort for an extended period of time, particularly when they were all under the influence as a yet unknown drug.  Almost as soon as they’d sealed themselves in and sent a message back to SHIELD as per procedure, Fitzsimmons had started using what they’d gathered from the deserted facility to figure out what had happened to them.  Jasper had commandeered a computer nearby, his eyes narrowed behind his glasses and his nose scrunched as he went over the data.  Skye had flitted around for a while, alternately asking Fitzsimmons questions about the computer systems at the facility and interrogating Jasper and Clint for details on who they were.  Phil had to admit, Clint’s confounded expression when Skye had worked out who he was had been priceless.
Phil just wished they’d made a little more progress in the last two hours.
All they’d managed to establish so far about the drug and the mission was that the more they tried to figure things out, the more Phil’s head had pounded and the more jittery he got.  From everyone’s short and fraying tempers, he wasn’t the only one feeling that way, either.  Now that they’d realised going over the mission briefing wasn’t helping, Melinda had retreated to lean against the wall at one end of the lab, her arms folded over her chest and her dark eyes watching everyone else and Clint had all but disappeared, which was impressive in the confined space.  Agent Ward was pacing the longest path around the lab he could, his hands curling in and out of fists at his sides as he walked, carefully avoiding Fitz’s workstation.  Skye was curled up in the corner of the lab, well away from anyone else, tapping intently on her phone.  She was trying to appear as if she wasn’t paying any attention to Ward’s pacing, but Phil could see her twitch slightly every time the agent walked close.
“Oh my God!” Skye finally snapped, her voice rising above Fitzsimmons, who were still bickering loudly on the other side of the lab.  “Ward!  Seriously!  The bathroom is over there,” she said, pointing.
Ward narrowed his eyes at her and frowned, but said nothing.
Reaching up, Phil rubbed a hand over his face.  Stubbornly going over the mission briefing probably wasn’t productive, but Phil was determined to figure out why the facts he read kept slipping away from him.  As a result, his headache was definitely getting worse and he doubted that was a good sign.  Clint’s silent presence came up behind him a moment later and Phil only suppressed his automatic shudder because he’d had so much practice.  Ever since Loki, he hated it when someone stood behind him where he couldn’t see -- even when that person was Clint, who Phil trusted with his life.
“Sorry,” Clint said quietly as he stepped carefully to the side.
Phil smiled ruefully.  He was always amazed by how much Clint saw.  “Is everything okay?” he asked.
“You mean aside from the fact we were all dosed with a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Jemma Simmons/Jasper Sitwell
Skye/Grant Ward
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Leo Fitz/Grant Ward

freeform: 
Cuddle Pollen
Hand wavy science
Cuddles
hints of Leo Fitz/Grant Ward
cuddles as a cure
silly fluff
cuddles for science!

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Jemma Simmons/Jasper Sitwell
Skye/Grant Ward
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Leo Fitz/Grant Ward

