Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There are a lot of words that you can use to describe Antony Edward Stark. Billionaire. Playboy. Philanthropist. Arrogant. Cocky. Stubborn, Sociopathic. Brazen. Toxic. Impulsive. Murderer. Destructive. Selfish. Sociopathic. Merchant of Death.Well, those are the words that you would use to describe Tony if you didn’t really know him. Steve, on the other hand, had an entirely different set of descriptive words reserved for his lover, most of which were entirely positive. Although he would admit that his boyfriend could be a jerk sometimes – especially when left his dirty boxers on the floor, or pressed his icy cold feet against Steve’s warm legs in bed, sapping the heat from his super-soldier lover.Steve and Tony had been together for just over a year now and the soldier couldn’t remember a time that he had been happier, even before the ice. Tony was one of the most compassionate people Steve had ever met and although at first you would probably see him as an asshole, or one of the aforementioned phrases, he really wasn’t. Tony had a heart of gold, was loyal as fuck and would never, ever let you down. He’d rather die. Proven by the fact that on multiple occasions he had nearly done so for Steve’s sake. He had a tendency to throw himself in front of things threatening Steve, despite the fact that Steve repeatedly told him that this was a) idiotic, b) suicidal and c) unnecessary because the serum running through his veins made him less vulnerable to attacks than Tony was.Tony never listened.Of course.And Steve wasn’t going to lie, things weren’t perfect. They had fights, which often ended with Tony locking himself away in the lab for days and Steve getting through a good six punching bags in the gym. But eventually one of them (usually Steve since Tony was so stubborn) would seek the other out. Steve would bring Tony a steaming mug of coffee, just the way he liked it, by means of apology or Tony would come up behind Steve and massage his shoulders, tense from training. Just like that, all was forgiven.However, something had changed recently, and although Steve could probably guess the reason, it didn’t make it any less difficult to deal with. It had taken a long time for Steve and SHIELD to locate Bucky, and it had taken even longer for them to help rehabilitate him as best as they could, but the second super soldier had finally moved into Tony’s tower last week.Since then something about Tony had been – well, off.Steve felt bad for Tony. He knew that he was spending less time with his lover now that his best friend had moved in, but there was so much to do and Bucky needed him. He was in an impossible situation. How was he meant to choose between the two most important people in his life? He loved Tony with all of his heart, and wanted to spend the rest of his life with him, but that didn’t take away the fact that Bucky was like a brother to Steve. Even after all these years he would lay down his life for the other man. He knew that Bucky, or the Winter Soldier at least, had done countless unforgiveable things, but with some TLC he was hoping that he could get his old Bucky back.And he really, really needed Tony to understand that he needed this – Steve couldn’t lose Bucky again....3AM, Monday Morning.Steve woke up with a sigh, vaguely aware that he was alone in bed despite it being dark outside. It must be the middle of the night – so where was Tony? Although he would never admit it, Tony was like a limpet with attachment issues in bed. He would curl up around Steve, clinging onto him and wrapping both his arms and legs around the super soldier all night. His favourite position was being pressed up against Steve’s chest with his head resting on his collar bone. It was very rare for Steve to wake alone.Steve couldn’t help but feel this was ominous.After allowing himself a moment to stretch, Steve rolled out of bed, slipping on the Hulk-foot slippers that Tony had bought him. See, ever the thoughtful boyfriend…It didn’t take him long to find Tony.His partner was sitting at his desk in the lab, fully clothed in a baggy turtleneck jumper and a long pair of boxers. He was fiddling with a pen absentmindedly, twirling it around in his fingers and occasionally chewing on the pen lid every now and again. It was clear that he wasn’t getting any work done, which in itself wasn’t like Tony…so what on earth was going on?“Tone, it’s 3am, what are you doing up?”“I could ask you the same question.” Tony didn’t look up from the pen, but after a moment he added a soft “sorry, I just couldn’t sleep – y’know. Just feeling a bit worked up. Nothing a cuddle won’t fix though.” Steve shook his head fondly, moving over to his boyfriend and scooping him up into his arms, pressing him against a wall and pecking him gently on the forehead.Tony really must have been tense, because his whole body stiffened when Steve pressed him against the wall. Usually that was enough to have Tony begging for an impromptu make
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
This is not a happy fic - but I will fix it in the end
Tony Feels
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Angst
Tony doesn't deserve this
But he has no self-esteem
Abuse
Bucky is not a nice guy
Bucky abuses Tony
Tony is too good at hiding and locking away his emotions
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Steve doesn't realise why his boyfriend is falling apart
Bucky is a manipulative little shit
Violence
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Rape Aftermath
Rape Recovery
This is dark but I will fix Tony I promise
Physical Abuse
Crying
Men Crying
Panic Attacks
Sick Tony
Sick Tony Stark
Non-Consensual Blow Jobs
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Verbal Humiliation
Anxiety Attacks
Evil Bucky Barnes
Humiliation
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal tony
Forced Orgasm
Non-Consensual Bondage
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Graphic Description
Non-Consensual Tattooing
Tattoos
Bad BDSM Etiquette
BDSM
Heavy BDSM
Drugged Sex
Restraints
Handcuffs
Begging
Bottom Tony Stark
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Orgasm
I'm Sorry
Claustrophobia
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
Shaving
Delusional Bucky
Body Modification
Body Horror
Tony Does Not Deserve This
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve
Depressed Steve
Steve Realised How Much He Screwed Up
Suicidal Steve
Steve Just Wants Things To Go Back To How They Were
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Feels
My Boys Need Therapy
Fever
More panic
Erectile Dysfunction
Sexual Dysfunction
Poor Tony Really Needs A Break
Also some fluff
SOMEONE GIVE MY BOYS A FUCKING HUG

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

