Work Text:
Stiles and Derek walked into the kitchen, where most of the others were gathered for breakfast, and immediately Danny looked up and shot Stiles a narrow eyed look. “There you are. Where the hell were you all night?” he asked, then raised an eyebrow as he looked at Derek.Stiles flushed slightly but showed no reaction. “I was around,” he said casually, going to the coffee maker.Peter snickered and handed him an empty mug. “Well, well, well, Stiles, what on earth were you doing with Derek that means you two showing up to breakfast together?” he teased.“Alright, enough of that,” Derek said, glaring at Peter. “We were talking about Gerard, happy?”“Last I heard you two weren’t talking at all,” he said primly. Stiles shot him a startled look and he smirked. “What? Superheroes like to gossip.”“WHAT?!” he asked, voice so high it cracked. He whipped around and Stark winked and wiggled his fingers, Clint was hiding his laughter in his hand, and Banner looked sheepish. “How- what the- Oh my GOD!” Derek glared at the table so hard it was amazing they weren’t all on fire, even if his ears were. Scott looked confused. “What’re we ‘what’ing about?” he asked, then looked at Isaac, who shrugged.Peter grinned evilly. “Oh? You hadn’t heard the real story about why Derek left town like he did?”“Don’t you dare-“ Stiles started but Peter cut him off, smirking at the table.“He found his mate and panicked and ran away,” he said and Stiles froze, hand reached out as if he had tried to slap a hand over Peter’s mouth but wasn’t fast enough.Scott hummed, nodding slowly. “Oh really? Cool, who was it?” Literally every person in the kitchen turned to look at Scott, who just frowned, eyes going wide. “What?!”Phil sighed and put a hand to his forehead, shaking his head. “You really mean to tell me that this is your alpha?” he asked Isaac next to him.Scott looked at Derek a few times, then glanced at Stiles. “OH! That’s what they meant by where you were!” he said in realization, then hesitated as a look of disgust grew on his face. “Ewwwwwww, Stiles!” he cried. “Tell me you didn’t- Derek?! Why?!”Ethan snorted, biting back a grin. “Dude, Scott, you’ve seen Derek without a shirt on, why wouldn’t Stiles?”Stiles rolled his eyes, cheeks flaming. “First off, I didn’t lie, last night Derek and I talked about the Gerard situation. Second, excuse me but who are you to judge my choices, dude? You helped Gerard and then you helped Deucalion - all in the same year I might add – because you’re too damn stubborn to let other people help you!” he stressed. “Your decision making skills suck ass, Scott, so if anybody is going to judge me on who the hell I want to sleep with, it’s not you.”Lydia looked at Derek, then shrugged. “Hey, I don’t blame you. I sure would,” she said, holding out her hand for Stiles. “Congrats on the sex!” she said and Stiles glared at her extended hand.“I am not high-fiving for that,” he said obstinately. Stark snorted. “Fuck that, I would and I haven’t had sex with a man in like ten years,” he said, saluting Stiles. Danny rolled his eyes, then pulled out the empty chair beside him, nodding to Stiles, who walked over and sat beside him. “Ignore them, they’re all going to hell, I’m pretty sure,” he joked and Stiles snickered.Chris Argent just shook his head, staring down at his coffee as if contemplating attempting to drown himself in it. “As many different kinds of traumatic as this has been, can we get back to the real topic of everybody finally being on the same page with our work against Gerard?”“Sounds good!” Stiles said with a nod. “Now, what have we found out?” he asked Chris.Chris shook his head. “Two more neighborhoods are clean, it seems. Still no idea who is in at the hospital or the sheriff’s station. Although we have a lead that suggests that there may be a group of hunters camping in the preserve.” He looked up and met Stiles’s eyes. “Gas station on the edge of town sold lots of propane tanks to a group of guys a few weeks ago.”Stiles groaned. “Ah crap.”Dr. Banner looked between Chris and Stile. “Is this a bad thing? A bunch of campers in the woods, that narrows down things better than ‘a house in the suburbs’ right?”Peter tutted from his spot over at the counter. “Beacon Hills is a moderate sized city tucked into a valley. The preserve is hundreds of square miles all around the city up into the hills. My family was able to run free in wolf form without a single ‘wild animal’ sighting, that’s how vast these forests are. One group of people camping there would be as difficult to find as one specific black pump in a sea of women’s shoes.”Stiles made a face. “Well that was a strange metaphor that makes me both curious and horrified of what I could discover if I could read your mind.” Derek cringed. “If I ever become able to read people’s minds, please, just put me out of my misery, okay?” he asked Chris, who chuckled, eyes twinkling with amusement. “Agreed,” Danny said, looking mildly ill by the very notion.~Stile
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Non-Explicit Sex
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

