Work Text:




The ghost walks into the tent on two feet, like any normal human being, but Clint knows better.  Its hair is a special gold-red color and it looks soft.  Clint bets his hand would go through it.  He's not going to try.  He's not very brave, really.When he heard someone coming in, he was sure it was Lyndon.  Lyndon likes finding Clint during the stage show, likes that Clint can scream then and nobody will come.  Clint's not sure why someone would come if he screamed.  Maybe because it was bothering them?  He's never asked, though.  He only uses words when he has to.  They get confused on his tongue.  He's a very stupid boy, everyone says.The ghost turns.  It might be an angel.  Caleb, the barker, says they don't exist, but Clint wonders if maybe he just hasn't seen any.  Looking around, Angel-ghost asks, "Tony?"Clint frowns.  He can't remember anyone named Tony working for the circus.  There'd been an Italian roustabout a few months back, but he'd gone by Antonio, and had been left behind when he hadn't made it back to the train by the departure time.  Roustabouts were like that, coming and going."Tony, this is not—" Angel-ghost stops as Blue, one of the performing monkeys, manages to reach out from the bars of her cage far enough to get hold of a strand of hair and yank.The hair goes where it's pulled, and the maybe-just-a-person makes a sharp noise in her throat.  Clint doesn't really think before jumping down from the rigging, holding his hand up to give Blue something else to play with.  Blue isn't mean; she just likes shiny things.The woman, who's touching her head lightly says, "Oh.  Thank you."Clint shrugs.  He wants to ask her not to tell, because Victor, the animal trainer, will take it out on Blue, but he learned a long time ago not to ask for things.  Asking only makes the eventual punishment worse.She crouches down in front of him and Clint backs up hastily, wishing Blue weren't holding on so tightly, that he could scramble up to relative safety.  She says, "It's—it's okay.  I won't hurt you."Blue is now tugging at Clint's hair, which hurts, but Clint doesn't mind.  Blue doesn't mean it, the way people always do.  The woman looks over at Blue, then back at Clint.  She smiles a little.  "Is he a friend?"Even if she looks nice, like maybe she could be somebody's big sister, Clint isn't telling her anything.  He made that mistake with the Doskocils, the first tumbling family he remembers.  Clint doesn't know if he was born in the circus or not, but he can't remember anything before it.  He's heard rumors that he was born to a star rider, who died in childbirth, leaving Carson with a useless baby.  Or there's the one about how the circus bought a group of orphans for jobs the adults were too big to do, and didn't realize they'd been given one orphan too little to do any good until they were on their way.  There's also the one about Clint being the bastard of one of the clowns who'd gotten stuck with him.  He's not sure any of them are true, but they do all explain why nobody's ever seemed to like him much.  The Doskocils had loved their kids, and hadn't hit Clint or tied him outside the tent at night or anything like that.  Clint had thought maybe they could like him, like their kids, if he was good.Instead, after he'd eaten with him a few times, they'd told Carson he was stealing their food.  Clint understands that he was an extra mouth to feed.  He also imagines they thought he wanted a cot or maybe some new clothes.  He hadn't, but they hadn't asked, so he couldn't tell them that.  Clint doesn't think about what happened when Carson found him after being ratted out by the Doskocils.  His hand tightens unconsciously in Blue's fur.  Blue chitters at him before swinging away, out of his grasp.  Clint's almost up the bars, atop the cage when the woman puts her fingers to one of the inflamed blisters on his foot and Clint curls up instinctively, his hands coming to his head.  He falls all the way back down.  He can still fit under the cage, where most people can't get to him.  He's getting himself to move when she says, "I'm sorry.  I didn't mean—I'm sorry."Clint's never heard an apology.  Well, no, he's heard them, those just weren't for him.  It's nice, but also really scary.  Clint likes to understand things, to see what's coming.The woman is frowning, but she doesn't look mad, at least not the way Clint's always witnessing it.  She says, softly, "I just wanted to see if you know where my husband is.  He gets distracted by machines and other curiosities.  Do you know where he might have wandered off to?"Clint wonders if she'd let him get away this time.  He could try again.  He almost does, but…she said she was sorry, and she hadn't even hurt him, not much.  Clint chews on his cheek while he considers, and after a few seconds, he nods tightly.  She smiles at him, gentle and clean and Clint is maybe having a dream.  He likes it though.  She asks, "Take me there?"Clint tries to smile bac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Child Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
Alternate Universe
Steampunk
Kid Fic
Orphans

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

