Work Text:
There was always that wonderful moment in every SHIELD agent's life and career where he had a choice between the impossible and the potentially deadly.  The smart ones chose potentially deadly, survived, and quit.  The ones that chose the impossible option and made it out, they ended up here, on the squad that made really bad choices.  Sam Wilson wasn't sure how he'd ended up on this particular roster.  Or in this ruined, bombed out backwater.“Well, this is the worst rescue attempt ever.”Sam arched an eyebrow, even though Clint Barton couldn't see him.  “I got the hostages out,” he pointed out, glancing over his shoulder.  There were still three of the mini jets on his tail, which was fine by him.  He was faster than them, more maneuverable, and at this point, they were just getting into each other's way.  As if to prove his point, one of the jets caught a burst of friendly fire and went down, smoke pouring from exposed engine.Luckily, the streets below were deserted.  That was kind of what happened when Hydra flew a giant gunship over the neighborhood, he supposed.  People decided that cheap rent wasn't really worth the fact that the massive flying fortress kept using the local hot dog carts for target practice.“And you left me behind.”“Sorry, Hawkeye,” Sam said, diving to cut below the cover of a bridge.  “Didn't realize that your codename should've been Ostrich.”“What, because I can't fly?”“More because of your habit of sticking your head in the sand and ignoring what is clearly going to happen.”  Sam grinned.  “Like me leaving your useless ass behind.”“That's a myth, you know.”  Hawkeye was shooting, picking off Hydra agents with his usual perfect aim.  Sam could hear it all over the comms, Clint's microphone transmitting the ambient sounds.“No, you are that oblivious, I mean, I've seen it, it's clearly not-”  One of the jets came in a little faster and a little closer than Sam had anticipated, and he had to send himself into a steep dive to avoid the gunfire.  The jet shot over his head and straight into the front of an abandoned office building.Sam didn't have time to gloat.  He was off balance and off course, and he managed to swing himself around, but not fast enough.  A building loomed up, directly in front of him, and he crashed through the glass, feet first, shattering the window as he swung himself around, hard.  “You're not helping.  Right here?  This?  Not helping.”  He skipped across the floor, his feet catching and carrying him forward, despite the glass that was raining down all around him.  He was running even before the shards settled on the carpet.“Did you see your reflection?” Clint asked.  In the background, Sam could hear the whine of his bowstring as he took shot after shot.  “Before you hit the window?  I keep telling SHIELD that they need to put up those little hawk silhouettes to keep the dumber birds from knocking themselves senseless on the windows, but it's pretty low priority.”Sam couldn't quite bite back a grin.  “Aw, that's sweet, really, but I'm not the one who holds the SHIELD record for time spent in medical.”  “Excuse you, I also hold the record for 'should be in medical and yet isn't,'” Clint said, utterly unconcerned.  The sound of an explosion rocked over the commline, and Clint swore.  “Guess that guy was carrying a grenade.  Was.  Not anymore.  But now there's a rather large hole in the-”  There was a screech of metal on metal, and Clint heaved a sigh.  “Can I put you on hold, Falcon?  I have a thing, there's a thing here that needs doing and I think it's going to-”“Will you shut up and do your fucking job, birdbrain?”  Sam dodged as gunfire ripped through the window, shattering the panes of glass.  “I know you're easily distracted by anything shiny, but even for you, this is getting kind of ridiculous.”“I can multitask,” Clint said, laughing.  Someone screamed, but it wasn't him, so Sam kept moving, returning fire when he could find cover.  “How're you doing over there?  Trying out domestication?”“Avoiding active fire,” Sam said.  He ejected the empty clip with a flick of his wrist and reloaded, ignoring the  fragments of wood that were flying around him as the gunfire ripped into the desks of the empty office.  “You're the one in the cage.”“Hey, as long as I can throw the latch whenever I please, why shouldn't I let someone else do all the hard work?” Clint said, and there was the faintest hint of strain to his voice now, Sam was familiar with that particular note in Hawkeye's voice, and it never boded well.  Cursing, he risked a glance towards the windows, and was immediately driven back by a burst of gunfire.“Now would be a good time to throw the latch,” Sam told him, checking his guns.  “I mean, if we're not cutting in on your beauty sleep or anything.”“No, no, I'm good to go, I'm just waiting for the SHIELD evacuation team,” Clint said.  Another explosion, and Sam heard this one over the commline and echoing through the ruined city scape.  “That woul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
SHIELD agents make bad choices
snarky relationships are the best relationships
Humor

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Sam Wilson

