Chapter 1: Never Sleep with a Space Wizard
    




Chapter Text
Tony wakes up on the floor.To be exact, he’s flat out on his stomach, one hand sandwiched between his face and the hardwood and the other stretched out in front of him, reaching with clenched fingers.  The dream still floats fresh in his mind.  And it was a dream: no point in pretending otherwise, no matter how real it felt.  Real enough to half-wake him in the middle of the night.  Real enough to coax him out of bed, sleepwalking across the length of the room.  Real enough that he can still see the dim silhouette of a tall figure in the doorway, and real enough that he can still hear a low, growling voice echo in his ear.(Tony Stark...)He pulls himself up onto his hands and knees, rubbing the tail ends of fog from his eyes and giving his head a shake to clear his brain.  “Jarvis, lights,” he mutters through a yawn.  They come up too bright, glaring suddenly and cutting through the darkness; Tony shields his face with an arm.  “Thirty percent!”“Apologies, sir.”The lights dim to a tolerable level.  Tony blinks to adjust his eyes, pushes his hair back, and drops his arm.  “Better.  What time is it?”“Three twenty-six in the morning.”“What time did I fall asleep?”“Nine forty-two.”Five and a half hours of sleep.  Well, that’s a lot better than what he’d been averaging over the last couple months, so he’ll count it as a success.  Sort of.  Waking up fifteen feet from his bed kind of puts a damper on things, but at least he slept.  He actually slept.The pills Bruce gave him worked.“Bruce still down in the lab?” he asks, already knowing what the answer will be before Jarvis answers in the affirmative.  He can sense the crackling vibrancy of Bruce’s energy, active somewhere in the house.  Not possible to pinpoint, but present all the same.  A trickle of hazy knowledge through the back of his mind.He yanks on the first pair of pants he grabs from the closet, followed by a shirt selected with equal care, and heads out to find Bruce.  It’s not hard.  All he needs to do is follow the noise: the irritatingly cheerful treble beat of 80s bubble-gum pop grows louder with each step he takes towards the lab.  By the time he’s down the stairs, he can hear Bruce’s voice half humming, half mumbling-singing along.
What are words for...  When no one listens any more...
Leaning against the wall at the bottom of the staircase, Tony can’t help but smirk.  “I think you might be the last person left on Earth still rocking out to Missing Persons.”Bruce freezes mid-head-bob, whipping around with a HYDRA gun energy storage cell in his hands and something between open-mouthed shock and a sheepish grin plastered across his face.   “Um,” is all he can seem to say for a few seconds while Tony tries not to laugh.  Then, “I... thought you were in bed.”“I was in bed.  For almost six hours.  That’s long enough, don’t you think?  Especially with the party going on down here.”“Six...” Bruce starts, but doesn’t even bother finishing that thought, cutting himself off to look at his watch.  “Oh.  Oh boy.  It’s three-thirty, isn’t it?”“Yep.”  Tony, sauntering into the lab, claps him on the back.  “Don’t worry about it.  I lose track of time, too.  It’s practically a requirement for working in here.  You start something just after dinner, and then, bam!  Suddenly, three in the morning.”“But did you get any sleep?” asks Bruce in a clever little shift of the conversation.And that’s a good question.  Did Tony get any sleep?  Technically speaking, the answer would be ‘yes’.  He did sleep, for a while, thought the bizarrely hyper-realistic dreams and the confusion of waking up on the floor may have counteracted any restful benefits.  But still he nods while staring down at the array of gun parts spread out over the worktop and says a quiet, “Yeah,” because that’s the answer Bruce is looking for.  And it’s a lot easier than trying to explain the truth.Bruce nods along with him.  “That sounds like a ‘yeah, but’.”“Yeah, but,” Tony agrees.  “Just some crazy dreams.”“Sleepwalking?”Tony’s jaw reflexively clenches.  How did he know?“Common side effect,” Bruce explains.  “The pills knock you out, but a lot of people experience incredibly vivid, strange dreams, and some end up sleepwalking.  A few have a bad reaction and vomit all over themselves, soooo...  Good thing you dodged that one?”“Eh, the night’s still young,” mutters Tony.   “You never know what magic might happen.”  Glancing down at the worktop again, he sets a white plastic cylinder spinning on its side.  “Make any progress?”“If you count ruling out eight more simulated designs as progress, then yeah.  Progress was made.  Explosive progress.”Bruce goes through them one by one, having Jarvis bring up the 3D recording of all eight sims for Tony to watch.  All eight fizzling failures.   Six lasts the longest, with all beams fired up and focused before the casing cracks and a spark ignites, turning the whole display into a ball of flame.  Seven c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Action/Adventure
Magic
Slavery
Jotun Form
Bigotry & Prejudice
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

