Chapter 1



Notes:
I'm back again :) and with a different fic. As I so often do. Getting myself a reputation here, eh?I would go into a long-winded explanation of why I disappeared for so long, but it would get boring and nobody wants to scroll through an essay just to get to the actual fanfiction. To cut the long story short, these past few months have been a bit of struggle. My mind's been in some very dark places. There's been emotions, crying, feeling all the feelings, blah blah, you know the drill. I'm feeling better and getting things sorted for myself to make the future a much more positive prospect.Anyways, back to this piece of shameless trash I've written- basically, I went to see Logan at the cinema and, lo and bloody behold, I think my childhood crush on Hugh Jackman has just returned with a vengence. So...I thought I'd write a saucy fic inspired by my sordid, deeply inappropriate imagination. Now, I've never written any X-Men related works, so my characterisation and 'contextual knowledge' is pretty horrendous, but I implore you all to take it easy on me. Pleeeeeassse :DEh. Hope you folks enjoy!




Chapter Text
For you, joining the X-Men was a decision made out of pure necessity rather than desire. Struggling with social anxiety and the volatile nature of your ability, normal life in a non-mutant society was difficult. Prone to attacks of anxiety, stress and loss of temper meant that coping with everyday tasks was no easy feat; neither was, for that matter, controlling your telekinetic powers when in the midst of a fit of rage or gripped by panic. The world seemed a frightening place as an Omega mutant.
You knew you had to seek guidance after a rather unfortunate incident at work. Your part time employment at a restaurant had come to a swift end when you'd caused several glasses to shatter and the light bulbs to burst apart following a confrontation with an exceptionally rude customer. This loss of control inevitably had consequences; those being several (albeit minor) wounds from the fragments of exploding glass.
The management soon realised what you were and were eager to be rid of you.
When you arrived at Xavier's school, you believed it would be little more than a roof over your head, three meals a day and a warm bed. You didn't expect to befriend the students or the faculty members. You imagined you would be a forgettable addition, some pitiful, vulnerable Omega drifting through the corridors on occasion and eating meals by yourself.
In a short space of time, you would be proven wrong as you bonded deeply with your fellow mutants, gained a sense of belonging and slowly began to break out of your shell. With this growing sense of peace, came a greater control of your ability. If a bout of irritability overcame you, nothing in the room even shifted.
You were cared for, you were loved; you had a family who understood what it meant to be different . Not even your Omega presentation, amongst an almost entirely Beta student body, was of any relevance. They couldn't have cared less. You were one of them .
 
As your place amongst the mutants in the school became cemented, your kinship with the more experienced X-Men grew. You were comfortable engaging in discussion with the 'teachers', growing closer to each of them. Storm was, in equal parts, quietly respectful of you and maternal. Jean Grey helped you to better understand your telekinesis and hone your skills. Scott was always good for an amusing conversation, rife with playful ribbing of one another. Professor X was a calming presence, he was the man who had played a significant role in your journey of self-acceptance. Each of them held a special place in your heart, and you in theirs.
However, there was one other...
Logan Howlett...
You weren't entirely sure what to make of the grizzled, perpetually scowling Alpha, aside from the firm belief that he disliked you.
He definitely disliked you, you were sure of it. His conversation with you was abrupt, to the point of being impatient. Those nostrils of his would flare the very moment you appeared. His body would become rigid and his muscles would tense. You sometimes half expected him to start barking at you, in honour of his namesake. That perma-frown would deepen at the sight of you, eyes turning cold and steely.
You had no idea what you had done to warrant his disdain, so you had to simply accept it.  Can't be liked by everyone,  you would remind yourself. It was just a damn shame you also found the gruff Alpha intensely attractive. He really was the Alpha ideal; dominant, handsome, powerful physique, amazing scent, tall, strong, sexy...
 Completely unattainable, as per fucking usual,  you also thought. It didn't dampen your heated, if unrequited, desire or hinder the fantasies; but just like that, they would forever remain fantasies.
 
One particular morning, you woke early with a familiar ache low in your belly and a slight temperature. You'd soon be starting your heat, which meant you'd hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan (X-Men)/Reader
Wolverine/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Sexual Content
Sexual Tension
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rough Sex
Hair-pulling
A little bit of humour
Mutant Powers
Telekinesis
Social Anxiety
A bit of 'teasing' from the reader
Shameless Smut
Slick...lots and lots of slick...
Some doggy style...
Cunnilingus

fandom: 
Logan (X-Men)/Reader
Wolverine/Reader

