Work Text:
The third time someone kicks Clint as they're walking past, the tip of their boot clips his hip and he can't take it anymore.“Watch where you’re walking,” he snarls, sitting up and waving his arms like it’s pigeons, not assholes, who keep stepping on him.The dude - preppy, skinny, douchebag sunglasses in the middle of winter - takes one look at Clint and backs up.“Fuck off, asshole,” the douchebag says, but he’s the one hurrying away.Score one for the homeless kid.  Clint doesn’t know why, but it seems he’s a million times scarier to people when he’s trying to sleep in an office doorway than he is when he’s just a random teenager walking down at the street.That much movement has left Clint pretty exhausted, chest aching, so he slumps back down against the doorway and pulls the tattered edges of his sleeping bag back up around his shoulders.  It’s cold tonight.  The sky’s clear and it’d be pretty, except that Clint’s growing to hate stars.  Stars in winter mean sub zero temperatures and teeth that chatter all the way to morning.Another couple of people walk past, a boy and girl this time, laughing to each other and not paying any mind to Clint.  That’s how Clint likes it.  He’s not sleeping here for attention.Then he coughs, this stupid cough that just won’t quit, and the girl jumps, turning toward him.  She obviously didn’t mean to.  Her eyes widen like he’s going to shank her when their gazes meet.He looks away, lifting a gloved hand to cover his mouth, because he has manners.“Here,” someone says, and Clint looks up through watering eyes to find the girl holding out a neat, clean-looking bill toward him.  She’s staying well back, feet planted on the sidewalk, just her arm extended toward Clint.Clint swallows down his next cough and says, “Thanks,” and takes the money.  He’s not proud anymore.  You take money when it’s offered.“Oh, um.” She looks surprised, like she didn’t think he’d be able to speak or something.  “Sure.” Then she scampers back to her boyfriend and they both hustle off, neither of them looking back.Clint looks down at the bill.  It’s a ten.  There’s an all-night diner three blocks from here.  He could get a cup of coffee, warm up his hands a bit, maybe get even a muffin.  Instead, he lifts the back of his coat and tucks the money into his pants’ pocket, pats it, and sits back down.Who needs warm hands, anyway?Clint decides to try lying down again, now that people have stopped walking all over him.  This area gets really quiet at night, it’s why it’s one of his favourites to sleep in.  He just has to put up with the dicks on their way to clubs and the drunks on their way home.Lying down turns out to be a mistake.  He’s just gotten his eyes closed, when he starts coughing again.  It’s worse this time, like his lungs are rattling, and he struggles to sit up again.  Knees pulled up against his chest, he still can’t catch a breath and he coughs until his eyes sting and his head begins to pound.Shit, but he hates winter.“Here,” someone says and presses a bottle into Clint’s hand.  Clint grabs it then looks up, just about making out the shadowed figure of a guy, blurred from the tears in Clint’s eyes.Clint checks that the seal hasn’t been broken, then rips off the cap and chugs down some water.  It soothes his throat and the itchy feeling in his ears just enough that he can pull in a full breath.He starts coughing again right away, but the oxygen is still nice.It takes half of the water and so much coughing that Clint’s ears ring, but eventually he manages to stop.  The Good Samaritan stays close by the whole time, not crowding Clint or trying to touch him but hovering, kind of, like he thinks Clint might keel over.Clint turns cautiously and takes a look at him.  If he starts quoting any holy books or trying to save Clint's soul, Clint’s out of here.He’s doesn't.  He’s just a regular-looking guy in sweats with a coat thrown over the top like he forgot something and had to go out again after he’d already gotten ready for bed.  He looks warm, comfy, like someone who has a home and will be back there again soon.“Thanks, man,” Clint says, voice hoarse.  He tries to hand the bottle back, but the guy shakes his head.  Clint shrugs.  He probably wouldn’t want it back after someone had gotten all their hobo cooties on it either.“Do you need anything else?” His voice is soft, very kind.“Nah, I’m fine.” Clint pulls his knees up closer to his chest and fights to keep his eyes open.  He’s fucking exhausted.“I could hear you coughing from up there,” the guy says, pointing up at the apartment building next door.  “That’s not fine.”Clint just looks at him.  “Okay, say I’m not fine.  You a doctor?”Now he does look away from Clint, face shadowed in the shitty street lighting.  Good.  Go away.  Clint doesn’t need help.  “No.” He steps back then lifts a hand.  “Stay there.”Clint snorts down into his knees, because he’s not planning on moving.  It’s not like there’s anywhere better and moving means dealing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Homelessness
Barney is a terrible brother
canonical age gap
Hawkguy
Animal Abuse

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

