Work Text:
"Eh, he's fine," Logan said, and he leaned over and sniffed Tony. "See? He smells fine."
Tony sat perfectly still in the remains of his armor, his feet dangling off the edge of the exam table at the tower's infirmary, and his only reaction was a fractional lift of one eyebrow, like that Star Trek character he liked.
"You smelled him," Steve said, flatly; it wasn't how he'd wanted to say it, but it was better than the sheer panic that his hindbrain wanted to engage in. "You want me to believe that he's fine because you smelled him."
Logan's lips peeled back in a snarl, and he raised his hand in Steve's direction in a motion that Steve recognized as a prelude to getting his claws out. "News for you, Cap. I'm not a goddamn doctor. And not even the doctors know what the hell the inside of his head is like now. So, yeah, I smelled him. It's the best I can do."
"Reed's coming over now," Jess volunteered from the corner, tapping away on her identicard. "I asked him. He might know something about Extremis, right?"
"Sure," Peter said, from the ceiling. "He can be our temporary replacement Tony. Like Tony, only stretchier."
"I'm fine," Tony said, for the second time. "Really, I feel fine. There's nothing wrong with me. Extremis' scans report no problems whatsoever."
Luke folded his arms over his chest and glared, an eloquent silence.
Everything had been fine. Everything had been textbook-perfect, the Controller and his minions buckling and weakening under the team's combined attack, and then Tony had said oh fuck, there's some kind of computer virus coming from the discs and pitched over backwards. When Steve had wrenched his helmet off, his eyes had been black all the way through. He'd stared at nothing, unseeing. He hadn't moved.
Steve had sat there waiting, crouched at Tony's side, while the rest of the team continued fighting around them. And then Tony had blinked. His eyes had turned blue again. He'd nodded once, tersely, stood up, put his helmet back on, and gone right on with the fight.
It was silly, but-- he'd barely looked at Steve.
He hadn't even said Steve's name.
"I'd feel better if you got checked out," Steve told him, and as Tony opened his mouth to protest, Steve gave Tony his best, warmest smile. It was always easier to encourage Tony than to order him. "Please?" Steve added, very quietly.
This was where Tony should look at him, should smile back. It would be the tiniest of smiles, a weary, self-deprecating quirk of his lips. He'd say something fond like since you insist, Winghead--
Tony nodded, once, that same jerky nod Steve had seen from him on the battlefield. He wasn't smiling.
"If it won't take too long," he said, curtly, and he was hardly looking at Steve at all. Again. "I'm very busy, you know."
Something was wrong here. Wasn't it?
Ten minutes later Reed got there, and Steve held his breath and waited to see what Tony would do. And everything... was fine. Tony nodded and smiled politely and was friendly enough with the greetings, and then the two of them started arguing with each other about Tony's brain, and Steve understood maybe one in ten words. Kernel panic. Core dump. Logfiles.
They were always like that, Reed and Tony, like nothing existed but ideas.
Steve exhaled in relief. Maybe Tony was okay after all.
He headed out into the corridor to wait. The rest of the team had already left, and Steve hoped that meant they were out trying to find the Controller, who'd escaped after they'd released the last of his victims from his mental thrall. Steve couldn't believe the Controller was out again; after his escape from the Raft, they'd literally just put him back in prison last month. He and Tony had helped Peter find him and bring him to justice. Oh, well. They'd find him again. The Avengers would find him.
He was going to wait for Tony, though, and then they could join everyone else.
He always waited for Tony. That was what they did.
After maybe another fifteen minutes, Reed came out first.
"He seems fine, Captain," Reed said, without preamble, but then his face softened in a smile; he didn't have the easiest bedside manner, but Steve would take it. "I'm hardly an expert on Extremis, but his internal scans all check out."
"But he said there was a virus," Steve insisted. "Reed, he passed out."
"So he fought it off," Reed said, in a tone of supreme unconcern. "All his diagnostics are fine. There's no need to worry." And then he smiled again. "But I do know how you worry about him," he added, and Steve didn't have the chance to ask him what he meant by that because Reed then lifted a flash drive, holding it up between thumb and forefinger. "So I convinced Tony to give me the logs of everything going on with Extremis during the attack. It will take me a few days to review them, of course, but if you're still concerned I can go in and make sure there's absolutely nothing."
Steve tried to smile. "Please. That would be kind of you."
"It's no trouble at all," Reed told him, with another smil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Temporary Amnesia
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Comic Book Science
Extremis
Happy Ending
holy shit what's happened to Tony?
New Avengers Vol. 1 (2004)
Cap-Ironman Bingo
Community: cap_ironman

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

