Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Mr Stark, I know I'm only supposed to call you in emergencies, and I suppose this could be an emergency, but I'm not really sure, because it's not related to-” he lowers his voice “-you know, and-”“Cut to the chase kid,” Stark interrupts.“Right. So I found this guy in a dumpster and he's beaten up pretty bad and I tried to call an ambulance but he punched me, whispered no hospitals, then passed out.”“So he's passed out, call an ambulance then.”Peter hesitates. “But he said not to.”“And now he's unconscious which means he can't say that again.”“But he hit me,” Peter protests.There's a beat of silence while Stark realizes what this meant. For someone to manage to hit Peter, even if they caught him off guard, it's still a big thing.“I'll be there in five,” Stark says finally. “And Peter, I keep telling you, you can call me Tony.”“Right, right, sorry,” Peter says, but Stark- Tony- has already hung up. Peter inches back closer to the dumpster, listening for the man's breathing. It's there, and surprisingly steady considering the number of broken ribs Peter thinks he has (at least three). There's blood all over his face and at least a week's worth of beard growth. It's hard to tell if he smelled before he ended up in the dumpster, but Peter would be pretty confident in assuming the man was homeless. It's only three minutes after the call to Tony ended when Iron Man arrives.He lands next to Peter nearly quietly, and Peter knows he's scanning the man because he lets out a long whistle and the faceplate flips up.“It's pretty impressive he punched you,” Tony says, and Peter scowls, but Tony keeps going, “Because he's got four broken ribs, a lung that is just waiting to be punctured, what is probably a skull fracture, fractures in his hands and forearms, likely internal bleeding, and a busted knee. This guy shouldn't have been conscious at all let alone able to punch you.”Peter gapes at the man, surprised he is still breathing at all.“I'm calling in the cavalry,” Tony says and only a second later, three more Iron Man suits come whooshing in behind him. One of them flies apart and reforms around the unconscious man.Tony nods at it. “Medical suit. In case he has a spinal injury, it will keep him immobile. It can also shock a heart in abnormal rhythm, give oxygen, and inject a few medications like epinephrine. I'm still working on some of the details.” He frowns and Peter knows there's a story there, but it's not the time.The two other Iron Man suits pick up the one containing the man and rise slowly, heading in the direction of the Tower. Tony hovers just above the ground. “You did good kid,” he says, his voice not giving anything away through the modulator in the suit. Peter would like to think he sounded proud. “Come over after school tomorrow, I've got some things to show you.”Peter tries to protest, but Tony is already gone, catching up to the other suits in an instant and doing loops around them as they move more slowly, carrying a delicate cargo. He sighs and scuffs his foot in the weird alley gunk. “Didn't even find a computer or anything,” he mutters, but heads home.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Medical
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Season/Series 02
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Friendship
Homelessness
Guilt
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Angst
Blind Character
Present Tense
fixing friendships
Pneumonia

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

