Work Text:
Steve hadn’t known pleasure like this.Being fed and looked after so well, being doted on and loved like this. It almost brings him to tears, sometimes it does. Sometimes, with the love that Bucky gives him, he can’t handle it. It’s always so much and so good and he just melts for it. Makes those little whimpers Bucky loves to hear. Clings onto him like he might shake apart, begs for Bucky to stay in him, to keep him safe and warm. He loves it, he loves the feeling of Bucky’s cock inside him, the feeling of Bucky’s fingers and tongue. The way he opens him up so sweetly, takes his time and makes him see stars.He’s never felt love this.Never felt so good, so high. He sees white, falls into that golden warmth, forgets himself. Forgets all of his responsibilities because he’s safe, he’s in Bucky’s arms and he knows Bucky will look after him. Always does. It’s Bucky’s birthday and Steve had baked him a cake (with Wanda’s help because otherwise he’d make a mess) and bought him a new jacket and had a collection of classic books delivered, which also included a few of Bucky’s favourite sci-fi novels. And yet, all Bucky wanted (as much as he appreciated the food and the drinks and the party and fireworks, and all of his friends around, with their presents and smiles), was Steve.That’s why, once all was said and done, he and Steve melted into each other’s arms, lying down in bed, kissing like their lives depended on it. All Bucky had wanted was to make love to Steve. And so, he did. Opening him up, kissing him open, tasting his baby’s whines, the sounds he made when he came, licking and nibbling on those perfect nipples, leaving bite marks in flushed skin for the whole world to see. Possessive hands on Steve’s hips, legs hitched high, growling voice in Steve’s ear, telling him how much he loved him, how much of a good boy he was, doing all of that for Bucky, praise after praise. It goes on for what seems like hours and by the end, Steve’s whimpering and sobbing, he’s come so much and yet still wants more.He’s full of Bucky’s come, still stuffed full of his cock and he whines, clenching around him, wanting Bucky to make love to him again. “Shh, shhh,” Bucky whispers, kissing Steve’s slack mouth, “that’s enough now. You’ve been so good, sweetheart. So, so, good for me, baby doll.”And Steve jerks his hips, come dribbling out of his spent cock. He sobs into Bucky’s mouth and digs his nails into Bucky’s back, adding to the scratch marks there. He’s so high, he hardly knows up from down. He’s floating, far away. The only thing he knows is the touch of Bucky’s kiss and the throbbing between his legs and the melting of his heart. All he sees is blue eyes and sunlight. He only knows this pleasure. And he wants it all the time. Wants it when he wakes up, when he goes to sleep. He’s spoilt. Bucky gives him whatever he wants, buys him all the pretty things. And even if Steve says it’s too much, Bucky refuses to buy him anything less. He’ll just buy him more.“Baby,” Bucky growls, cupping Steve’s face, “look at me, doll.” Steve lifts his hazy eyes to Bucky’s and smiles that dopey smile, all light and bright in the dim lighting of their bedroom.“You all right, sweetheart?” Bucky asks, kissing Steve’s nose, “nothin’ hurts? Wasn’t too much?” Steve shakes his head and claws at Bucky’s arms; he’s trying to say something.“It’s okay baby boy, it’s okay, you’re okay,” Bucky leans down and kisses him again.“I…love you,” Steve finally slurs and whimpers into Bucky’s mouth, hips jerking as he comes again. “Oh, oh!” he mewls and his back arches, sobbing now through another intense orgasm. He is so sensitive, so damn sensitive and his refractory period, in fact both of theirs, is amazingly small.“I love you too, sweet thing,” Bucky croons, kissing away the tears by Steve’s eyes, “I love you so much, Stevie.”And Steve just sobs again and blushes into Bucky’s shoulder.*Bucky gets them into the living room. He sits down on the sofa (it needs cleaning anyway), still naked with a wriggling Steve on his lap. He’s moaning again now, coming between them over and over. It’s never ending, he can’t control it. It’s like…like his prostate is just constantly being stimulated and he can’t bring himself to stop. He loves it. Bucky’s come a few more times filling Steve up so much so that he’s leaking all down his thighs. But Steve, Steve just can’t stop. He doesn’t want it to stop. Ever.“Baby doll,” Bucky whispers and kisses Steve’s forehead, “I’m gonna feed you now, okay? And if you’re a good boy, I’ll let you suck me, all right?”Steve nods and jerks in Bucky’s arms, happily moving on Bucky’s cock. Bucky held up a grape for Steve to eat. It went like this back and forth, Bucky fed him strawberries, grapes, some slices of an orange and nibbles of chocolate. All while Steve makes happy noises, smiling so sweetly and accepting the gulps of water Bucky gives him when he held the bottle up to his lips.“Good boy,” Bucky growls, rubbing Steve’s warm belly,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Big Birthday Bash
Birthday Sex
100th Birthday
Fluff and Smut
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Domestic Bliss
Domestic Fluff
Beefy Bucky
Kissing
Love Bites
Endearments
Pet Names
Praise Kink
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Collars
Hand Feeding
Feeding Kink
Cock Warming
Anal Sex
Emotional Sex
Making Love
Multiple Orgasms
Prostate Massage
Prostate Milking
Overstimulation
Safe Sane and Consensual
Explicit Sexual Content
Size Kink
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Adorable Steve Rogers
Shy Steve Rogers
Blushing Steve Rogers
Aftercare
Subspace
BDSM

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

