Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony was in his workshop going over the redesign for the formerly Stark Tower. To say the battle had taken its toll on the building would be an understatement; but Tony was the eternal optimist – taking lemons and making them into lemonade, or rather frozen lemonade with coconut rum, was his thing. He saw this as an opportunity to shape the new tower to meet the needs of the Avengers, create a home base that would be in his territory rather than S.H.I.E.L.D.'s. Begrudgingly, he would admit that the agency had its uses, but he hated the secrecy of the agency and their keeping information from him and his team. Tony was not a fan of secrets in general, the best example being his just coming out as Iron Man and not being the veiled superhero with the secret identity. No, that was definitely not his style. Having a base that he controlled and could monitor through JARVIS should give the Avengers the upper hand if Nick Fury and his buddies decide to pull a fast one. Again.'She's a lady! Whoa! Whoa! She's a lady! Talkin' about the little lady – and the lady is mine.'(1)Tony smiled as he answered his phone. Even Pepper liked his Tom Jones ringtone he set for her. In her eyes it could have been worse: he could have used Michael Bolton."Hey, Pep, I'm in the middle of the redesign–" Tony started."Tony you need to come to the office. Now!" Pepper said."That's the problem Pep, we don't have offices, so I am redesigning them –" Pepper cut him off again."This is not the time for jokes, Tony!" Pepper exclaimed. She took a breath to collect herself. "There is lawyer waiting outside my office claiming to be representing your son.""Pep, how many paternity suits have you dealt with concerning me?" Tony laughed. "We do the blood test, and like always, it will be found that I am not the father. What is so different this time?""The difference this time is that the boy could be your twin, from your nose to your wild hair," Pepper said quickly. "Looking at his pictures, I swear I am looking at a teenage you with startling green eyes.""Green eyes?" Tony frowned, thinking – no it couldn't be. It was almost seventeen years – wait, seventeen years – "Did you say teenage?""Yes the boy is seventeen," Pepper replied, and took a breath. "Does 'Emerald-Eyed Lily' mean anything to you?"




Notes:

(1) "She's a Lady" by Tom Jones.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Lily Evans
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Het Relationship
Het and Slash
Slash
Alternate Universe
Infidelity
Weasley Bashing
Hermione Bashing
Long Lost/Secret Relatives
Draco is not a Death Eater
Fred Lives
Angst
Angst and Humor
HP: EWE
Pre-Slash
Teenagers
Teen Angst
Depression
Trigger: Depression
Science Bros
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Lily Evans
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

