Work Text:
"So not ever? Not anybody?""I just said I never did, Bucky." Steve sighs and lines up his shot. The SHIELD psychiatrist laid all the ground rules for them about dealing with Bucky. She'd say that he was fixating on little things, things that he can wrap his head around to take his mind off of the enormity of his real problems. Mostly it just feels like being a teenager again, Bucky smirking and needling him about one thing or another. It's not bad. He takes his shot, but the striped ball he was aiming for bounces off the lip of the pocket.Bucky prowls around the pool table, keeping his eyes on the balls except for a quick flick back up to Steve. "Just hard to believe, that's all. How's a guy like you get to 95 without ever finding a dame to get personal with." He sinks his shot with a satisfying crack and gives Steve a smirk that almost makes him feel like everything's back to normal."I wasn't even awake most of that time, that's not fair. And...any girl I met back then only wanted me because I was Captain America." Not any girl, of course, but Peggy was different in pretty much every way. The girls in the chorus line or the ones who waited outside, none of them knew him. They just saw the muscles, the uniform, came blushingly towards him with stars and stripes in their eyes. Nothing wrong with that, but it wasn't what Steve wanted."And what about now, smartass?" Bucky makes his next shot too and twirls the cue in his hands. "Plenty of girls around now, and you've got that whole secret identity thing."Steve sighs, leaning on his own cue as he watches Bucky methodically clear the table of solids. It feels strange, to just talk about this, but he believed for too long that he would never talk to Bucky again. Even after he knew Bucky was still alive, it seemed like they wouldn't get him back. He's promised himself to never cut off the conversation, never shy away from any topic Bucky wants to discuss. And now, apparently, he wants to discuss Steve's virginity. "They don't know where I've been. They...they're great, but they can't understand."Bucky is quiet as he plays. He sinks the last solid, purple, and pauses, looking from the 8-ball to Steve. "You've set yourself up with a nice paradox there. Planning to die a virgin?""If I've got to." Steve shrugs. "I mean, my life is hectic. Dangerous. I couldn't ask a woman to sign up for that, even if we could make it work. Besides, it's not like I can miss what I've never had."Finally, Bucky lines up his final shot. The 8-ball careens across the green felt before disappearing into the corner pocket. "Gotta say, Rogers, that's a pretty rough outlook. And I know rough.""I guess." Steve turns to grab the triangle from the shelf behind him. "You want to go again?""And kick your ass in five minutes again? I don't need my thrills that cheap." Bucky snorts and puts his cue back on the rack. "We can give someone else a chance."They'd commandeered the rec room at the SHIELD base, sticking another cue through the door handles. Not that anyone else would have dared interrupt, but it was the sort of thing Bucky would have done back in the old days, while Steve pretended to fret and was secretly thrilled by the devil-may-care rulebreaking. Steve removes the cue now, returning it along with his own to the rack.Bucky isn't technically allowed to leave the base when not on a mission. He's made it to Steve's apartment a few times anyway, but tonight Steve follows him back to his quarters. The room is small, but larger than plenty of New York apartments these days. He's got his own bathroom and a kitchenette, even though they serve meals in the mess, and it's a pigsty. The psychiatrist would probably say it's a reaction against the stripped-down barely-human life he led as the Winter Solider; Steve's lived with Bucky before, and he knows that it's a good sign. They sit on the edge of the bed, enjoying cold beer from the fridge, and Steve is starting to settle into it, the feeling that everything can be like it used to be again, when Bucky nudges his foot against Steve's."You know, there is someone who meets your criteria.""My what?""For popping your cherry."  Bucky is looking straight ahead, not at him. "You know. Someone here, now, who knows what you've gone through and doesn't give a shit that you're Captain America. Understands the danger and doesn't care about that either."  Steve' s stomach turns over. He's been dedicated to making things be like they were before, but before had a lot of awkward longings, cramps in his stomach from the shame of it. He's ready to go back to that, to let the vague heat settle at the base of his spine and never ever say anything to give himself away."You're missing one," Steve says. He's got his own eyes on the neck of the bottle now, so he's not sure if Bucky is sneaking glances at him too. He hopes that the prickle he can feel at the back of his neck is eyes on him."Oh yeah?" Bucky's voice is low and rich, a rumble more than a whisper. "W
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Virginity
Kink Bingo 2013
Post-Movie(s)
Modern Era

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

