Chapter 1: The stranger
    




Chapter Text
A sharp pain flared in Tony’s side when he collided hard with the floor. His head began to throb again - being thrown down on a cold stone floor didn't really help with all the injuries he still had, seeing as some of them were inflicted upon him mere hours ago - and the cage door behind him was closed with an audible click. 
Tony didn't bother trying to get up. The first time, yes, then he still tried to appear like a human, snapped at his captors, hurled threats in their uncaring faces.
Now, seven owners later, he just didn't bother anymore. The plain fact that he was here again - and he knew for a fact that the guards did remember him; the boot on his bare foot was a good indicator that they still hadn't forgiven him for ramming his knee in the groin of one of their colleagues - and that only three weeks after he was sold the last time was as good a reminder that he still wasn't completely broken.
Though sometimes he wasn't sure anymore why he still fought. He wasn't sure how much time exactly had passed by since that evening in the alley, where he had let himself - drunk after watching Pepper move her things out of their ... his? ... tower - get captured, but there was no doubt in his mind that, when SHIELD and the Avengers couldn't find him until now - and it had to have been at least five months - that there wouldn't be a rescue. He would, as one of the guards had so nicely pointed out on his first visit, remain a slave for the rest of his natural life.
Which could be much shorter than he ever anticipated, bad liver and hero stuff and all. At least he didn't have to worry about liver failure anymore, he thought with a bitter smile. Since they had taken him he had had nothing stronger than water - his owners liked to make him watch them drink good scotch and fine whiskey, and then send him away to his water bowl.
He was torn about their attitude. On one hand, they all seemed to thrive on the fact that they had Tony Stark, superhero, playboy, billionaire, giant pain in everyone’s ass, on his knees before them. On the other hand ... when they punished him, when they in the end understood that he was unwilling to let himself be broken to their wishes, they still did know that he was much more worth as Tony Stark than as some nameless guy, and so they never beat him up so much that he was unrecognizable. Not that that didn't mean they couldn't put him in enough pain to wish for it to stop. For him to .... sometimes ... consider giving up, giving in, doing anything to make it stop. 
But he never did, never would. He was Tony Stark, even if his pride was all that remained from that.
 
?Â¿
 
It took some minutes before he rolled on his back, pushed himself in a sitting position. Nothing had changed since his last visit: six cages on this side of the room, six on the other. There were several rooms in the cellar, then the auction hall in the floor above it, and then three floors above that. He had only ever been allowed in the upper levels once, and he had encouraged the Mistress to never consider taking him again. 
The thought made him wince. All to well he now knew how this game played out: someone would come in, or there would be the auction they held every month, and then someone would buy him, believing he could be broken. Then days of humiliations would follow, forced to crawl on his knees, drink water and eat dishes he wouldn't even give his dog had he ever owned one. Then, when he still hadn't given in - or sometimes even before that; some of his owners seemed to delude themselves that being a playboy meant forced sex could be counted as a reward - the rape would follow. Around that time he usually snapped out, didn't bother anymore what they did to his body, until the real torture began. 
In his mind he found himself thanking Natasha again and again for forcing him through lessons about being kidnapped. He had always thought he would rather die than let that happen to himself again - had sworn on it! - but now he knew that dying would be giving up even more than obeying their wishes, and he never would grant them that kind of victory. 
He was Tony Stark, and losing was not on his agenda.
A low hiss drew his attention to his cell neighbor. 
A woman, he recognized. And a beautiful one at that - long blond hair, high cheekbones, big blue eyes - exactly the kind he used to pick up at parties. She had a long red slash across her cheek, but he could see in her eyes that it was probably not inflicted in anger, or at least not earned due to misbehavior. She was a broken girl, had submitted to her destiny a long time ago, and found the fragile peace that could bring her mind.
Seeing that she had his attention she smiled warily. "Kat.", she said and Tony wondered which name she truly bore that got butchered to this pet-name.
"Anthony.", he answered, the once hated name now a proud reminder of what he truly was, for none of his owners had ever used it.
Confusion cloud
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
past Loki/Sigyn
Amora & Loki
Thor/Jane Foster
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Loki/Original Male Character (briefly)
Past Loki/Angrboda
Loki & Byleistr
Victor von Doom & Loki

freeform: 
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Torture
Hurt/Comfort
people being kept as pets
Fluff and Angst
Tony Needs a Hug
Loki is actually ready to give him one
Stockholm Syndrome
Kidnapping
Slow Build
extreme slow build
Tony Angst
Loki Angst
Loki loves Thor
But he would rather rip his own tongue out than admit it
Angry Loki
Jotun!Loki
The Trials of the Warrior
Because the author is as good at naming things as Thor is with the toaster
Nightmares
gender-changed Loki
because how much fun would shapechanging be if you can't even change into the other sex?
Protective Loki
Reporter!Peter Parker
Graphic description of food
scheming loki
author has no idea of technic
Coffee
Loki living up to his title
Loki likes giving blowjobs
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
loki is a little shit
Worldbuilding
slightly changed mythology
Vampires
Loki is a very protective!father
Loki's kids are badass
Jotunheimr
Did I mention worldbuilding?
There's a lot of that
villain are people too
and there is no such thing as pure evil
Swearing

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
past Loki/Sigyn
Amora & Loki
Thor/Jane Foster
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Loki/Original Male Character (briefly)
Past Loki/Angrboda
Loki & Byleistr
Victor von Doom & Loki

