Work Text:


~1~
Miss Stephanie Rogers was the only child of Mr. Joseph Rogers, a gentleman of fairly modest means, whose only failing was to die when his eldest and only daughter was a mere child. His death left his entailed estate to a distant relation while his widow, Mrs. Sarah Rogers, was left with an income of approximately £500. As chance would have it, soon after Mrs. Rogers exited her mourning, she made the acquaintance of one Mr. George Barnes, himself a recent widower.Each one of them far more in love with their first spouse than any future spouse, their understanding was one of distant affection, and their marriage to each other was made with little fanfare. The same could not be said of their children; James Barnes and Stephanie Rogers were the closest of siblings, bound by a familial love beyond what would be implied by their lack of blood relation. It was James who sat by Stephanie's bedside when she was taken ill in her youth, who read to her from all of the latest literary magazines and older collected editions, and was her closest friend.She and James became each other's constant companions, Stephanie's horseback riding skills were far improved from her time with James, and James's letter writing was far in advance of any of his fellows for his time with Stephanie. They found a great deal of comfort, each in the other's company when James's father - their mutual father in all but blood - passed, leaving the estate to his son at the young age of sixteen.James made his own arrangements for the comfort of the only mother and sister he had known, with a continued place in his home and a dowry at the very edge of his means for Stephanie. It was no comfort when James fell in battle, in Russia, without wife or heir, at the age of twenty.Stephanie, now seventeen, found herself in no great want of a husband, but in very great need of one."We can make do without," Mrs. Barnes said, of the matter, towards the end of their mourning. Mr. Barnes's distant relation - a second cousin, and a solicitor - had been kind enough to allow them the courtesy of not sending them packing while still in their mourning. "A distant cousin has offered us rent of a small cottage on his property. The parties will be not quite what you have become accustom to, but we will make do.""I do not want you to make do, Mamma." Stephanie wanted every comfort for her mother, and felt that she had more than earned it. "I have thought on it, and between our incomes we may be able to afford a Season in London and that will be it. I will light on whichever gentleman is capable of providing a comfortable existence for you.""Stephie-- I do not think you were built for such a compromise."Stephanie knew, in her heart, that her mother was right. She was handsome enough, and even in the country had attracted a small share of potential suitors, although no proposals. That was, in no small part, due to the fact that James had been very firm on the matter of assuring his sister was properly married, to someone with whom she could share an affection, at least. It was also in no small part that Stephanie hoped her husband might have been kind, and a man she could enjoy the company of, but romantic thoughts that had no place in the compromise of marriage."Perhaps it will not be a compromise," she answered. "There must be some gentlemen who would not be so difficult to find some affection for."Of course, in her heart she knew that although she was handsome, she was not nearly so much as many other young ladies; and although her dowry was not inconsiderable, it was not nearly attractive enough to a struggling lord or gentleman; and although she was well studied and read and practiced in music and arts, she was by no means exceptional in that either. She also knew she had the very real defect of being completely unable to do as she was told if she thought the instruction was wrong.She shared those troubles with her dear cousin and friend, Miss Carol Danvers, and after a great deal of back and forth over the late fall, she found herself, and her mother, entreated to come to London for the entire Season. Mrs. Barnes agreed to the invitation, but only after she and Stephanie were situated at her cousin’s in the meanest little cottage that Stephanie could imagine.The stakes of her failure well in mind, she and her mother made for London.Stephanie had never been to London herself, but Carol had been a frequent visitor to the Barneses and she had been among the few young women that James had considered courting before his death, due in no small part to Stephanie's affection for her. That meant her understanding of London, although confined to letters, was not that of a naif.There was a great deal of time and attention spent on the business of clothing, and the business of calling cards, and then on the calls themselves, and Stephanie's very first invitation to a ball of one Mr. Charles Xavier.She was all nerves, largely due to her intentions, and the weight 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe - Regency
London
Romance
Angst
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

