Work Text:
The moment it happened was straight out of the climax of an action flick. Not that Tony had never had "this is a bad buddy film from the eighties" moments before, but the craftsmanship of that spontaneous moment was truly admirable. In the wake of Hydra's fall, a lot of technology had gone missing and a couple of splinter groups had gone rogue; there were the Sons of Schmidt, the Nine Heads, the Hydra Skulls. The FBI handled most of the in-country Hydra cells, and some shadowy agency or other, probably at the behest of Coulson from a shadowy bunker somewhere, handled the international ones. Most weren't worth the Avengers rolling out of bed for. Spydra was different, aside from having a super dumb name, Tony thought. Spydra had been formed primarily out of one of Hydra's more far-flung heads, the one that dealt with scrubbing their presence from records, repainting Hydra agents as eager soldiers and law officers, and gathering blackmail material. They'd spent most of their blackmail capital squeaking past Steve's hurricane of fury in the wake of the battle over the Potomac. Now they were trying to bill themselves as a guerrilla band of freedom fighters, stomped down on by SHIELD and Captain America, victims of a new liberal form of fascism. But they were also really clever, and they knew how to strike.The battle was the first time the Avengers had caught up with them, laying in ambush as they tried to rob one of Manhattan's larger banks. Civilian casualties would be minimal, Tony thought, as he circled the former combat zone, and property damage was almost nonexistent except for a couple of cars. Down below, cops were handcuffing Spydra agents, firefighters and EMTs were treating the few wounded, and Steve and Natasha were engaged in a little friendly chat with one of Spydra's top brass. Tony touched down and lifted his faceplate just as the Spydra agent spat, " -- can't oppress us forever, Captain America!""You hear this guy, Tony?" Steve called. Natasha twisted her arms, which were tangled in the Spydra agent's arms in a complicated knot, and he let out a whistling breath, gasping for air. "He says that the laws we have in this country about bank robbery are oppressive.""I have rights!" the agent shouted. "Sure, and I've read the Geneva Convention," Steve replied. "Natasha hasn't, but she's read a lot of manuals about human anatomy." Natasha shifted her weight and the Spydra agent flinched in anticipation. Steve grinned. "I actually have," Natasha said in his ear. "That's why your arms are still attached. Tell the nice man what he wants to know." The agent seemed to subside, going limp in her grasp.  "Where's your home base?" Steve asked, clearly not for the first time."There's a tunnel," the man admitted. "Under the Hudson. There's a subway train that Spydra runs. It stops in a couple of the abandoned stations, then under the river -- ""He's lying," Tony said, watching his body temperature and heart rate on the HUD. The Spydra agent glared at Tony, then surged upwards against Natasha's restraints. "Hail Spydra!" he yelled, snapping his teeth at Steve. Steve danced backwards, surprised, and Tony saw the glint of metal."Steve, your four -- " he called, and Steve turned just in time. There were two sharp cracks in quick succession, and blood blossomed on Steve's uniform. He staggered, and Tony caught him around the waist with one arm, firing back with the other. A body tumbled out of a third-floor window. "You okay?" Tony asked, as Natasha put her prisoner down, punched him unconscious, and began ziptying him. She took off to deal with the sniper as Steve sucked in air. "I'm fine, I'm fine," he said, shuddering. "Yeah, you sound fine. I gotcha, sniper's down," Tony said. Steve was bent over, blood dripping slowly onto the pavement, but he was still standing. "It'll be okay in a minute," Steve said. "Steve, you've been shot.""I shook off worse during the war. It's a through-and, right?"Tony leaned up to check; the wound on the back of his uniform matched the one on his front. "Yeah, bullet's out." "Just gimme a minute. It's like -- " Steve grunted, "when you stub your toe really bad and you gotta...huhgh....wait for the pain to die down." "Take your time. Tasha?""Secured," Natasha said, tapping her comm. "Nice shooting, Tex.""Take Clint and any cops that look bright enough to find their ass without a roadmap and clear these buildings," Tony said. "Thor, you on radio, buddy?""I'm here," Thor replied. "You got air?""Indeed, I do have air," Thor said, amused. "Find Bruce and get him home. I'm taking Steve to the quinjet."They made slow progress; Steve stopped bleeding after a minute and was walking all right after two, but it took them long enough to get to the jet that Natasha and Clint came running up as they boarded."We're cleared to leave the scene," Clint said. "They want statements, but that can wait. Hey, Cap, how's the bullet-riddled body?"Steve grinned at Clint. The color was back in his face
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Responsible Tony Stark
Medical Procedures
Cuddling & Snuggling
Hurt Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

