Chapter 1: Can the bridges go elsewhere?
    




Chapter Text
It wasn't much of a surprise for Natasha when the Avengers were reassembled and Jane Foster was present at the briefing. The Warriors Three were also there, and Natasha could see why Loki assumed Jane wasn't comfortable with Sif. Sif sat stiffly at attention beside her comrades, eyes alert for any possible dangers. She didn't look at Jane, and Jane was too busy talking about the Einstein-Rosen bridge with Bruce Banner and Tony Stark. She was animated in her speech, and didn't seem to notice anything else. Thor was obviously proud of her, nearly beaming as she tried to explain in simpler terms that she was close to completing her bridge. That would allow better and more frequent travel between the realms, which would far less dangerous than the costly magic portals Thor presently had to use."Can the bridges go elsewhere?" Clint asked, frowning slightly. He was no doubt remembering his time under Loki's thrall, the Tesseract opening a portal somewhere else, allowing the Chitauri to pour through.Jane frowned, visibly thinking rapidly. "I suppose. I mean, I have my experiments set right now to the Bifrost, linking the two. It doesn't use coordinates, exactly, it's not that precise, more like a wormhole, if that makes sense." Clint nodded and Natasha just watched her very closely, mind whirring with possible reasons why Loki would be interested in Jane. "But if refined enough, I'm sure inputting different parameters can act as a coordinate system. The bridge could theoretically open anywhere you wanted it to. It just needs to be powered and directed somewhere."Magic portals took energy and willpower to open and close, and travel wasn't instantaneous, either. Thor described seeing portals that functioned almost like pathways through nightmarish realms, warping reality to create and close them. The Warriors Three were suspiciously silent and Fandral looked rather green at the discussion of the portals. Natasha wondered what had happened to him, if creatures wandered the paths between worlds."Shortcuts, I would assume," Jane said after a moment, not particularly squeamish at the thought. She was a scientist, after all. Her first instinct was to categorize and study everything unknown, and the paths along Yggdrasil were definitely unknown. "I've discussed it with Lady Frigga while I was in Asgard, swapping magic and science terminology." Her pure joy at the discussion shone through. "She calls her magic seidr, and it took a bit for us to find something equivalent. Quantum theory is the closest I can come, I think."Natasha tuned out the excited talk from Banner and Stark, watching them all closely. It could be done, she thought. Clint was on the right track, as he usually was. Most underestimated his intellectual capabilities, and he liked it that way, but the distance he had to situations allowed him the ability to take leaps in logic.Magic was complicated and could cost too much for any single sorcerer. Jane's bridge, however, could take people anywhere in Yggdrasil, if not beyond.Clint caught her thoughtful look. "What is it?""This is an obvious target," she replied. Her voice must have carried, because Sif looked straight at her and the Warriors Three looked curiously in her direction. It wasn't discomfort but honest concern and an appreciation for what she was saying. Sif wasn't too proud to take a mortal's advice, and the Warriors Three didn't seem the type either."Well, this is what we've been working toward, but there are some problems with this that I haven't quite worked out yet," Jane said, pointing at a complicated equation that Natasha didn't even bother to glance at. Theoretical astrophysics wasn't exactly her forte, and Jane didn't really feel the need to translate theory into English. "Assuming we can get a stable enough energy source to help stabilize the harmonics—""This is a portal that can be directed anywhere, with little to no effort on your part," Natasha interrupted, seeing that Jane didn't understand her point. "It can be used to travel without difficulty. It can be made as large or as small as you need it to be. Anything like that can be weaponized, or used to bring an army to any location."The room fell utterly silent, and Jane looked at her in horror. It obviously wasn't her intent, and she hadn't thought of the ways her research could be corrupted.Sif leaned in and touched Jane's arm in silent support. "Of course we do not believe you have such ill intentions to our realm. You are a friend to Asgard."Interesting. Loki really had no idea how their relationship actually was. Sif took her duties as protector seriously, but she wasn't distant because she didn't find Jane a friend. Similarly, Jane didn't dismiss Sif out of fear, but out of devotion to her studies. This made Natasha wonder at Loki's perceptions and motives. Was he really so out of touch? Or was he so pessimistic that he ascribed sinister motives to everyone?That got 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Loki/Natasha Romanov

