Work Text:
This was a good day.This was an excellent day.This was, quite possibly, the best day of Phil Coulson's life. Phil fiddled with the plastic-wrapped card in his hand and stared at the sleeping man on the other side of the observation window. The doctors were concerned, the scientists were puzzled, and Fury was considering his options. "I need to make a phone call," Phil told the tech monitoring the man's vitals. "Let me know if there's any change.""Yes, sir."Phil stepped into the hallway, walked briskly and purposefully to the patio off the break room, where he paused to take a deep breath of gritty city air and contemplate the towering walls of glass and brick around him. After a moment to steady himself, he pulled out his phone and considered his own options. There weren't many really. Barton was in New Mexico, Romanov was in Russia, and May was visiting family (he'd learned the hard way not to interrupt family gatherings, and he was still on her mother's bad side after the whole incident in Macau). There was another option, another person he could call. If the Director found out, it wouldn't be pretty -- after all, Phil still held that one particular secret close. He was nothing if not a man of is word. But, it was his best day ever and not even the potential reality of Fury's ire could put a damper on Phil's elation. Resolved, he selected the number and brought the phone up to his ear."Coulson, congratulate me! I have turned in my final papers, I have signed my final forms, I have checked, double checked, triple checked my credits. I am done!"Phil felt a smile pull at his lips. "Congratulations, Miss Lewis," he said, perfectly sincere. "That's an accomplishment to be very proud of.""Why, thank you.""Have you given any more thought to --""No, no, Coulson. No recruitment pitches today. I am free!"Phil nodded, amused. He did enjoy their battle of wills, and he admired her resilience and determination, even as they made his recruitment attempts particularly challenging. But, she had tremendous potential, and Phil Coulson didn't give up easily, either. "How about short-term plans?" he countered. "Ms. Potts mentioned you were considering traveling? Anywhere in particular? I've traveled quite a bit, I'd be happy to give you some tips or ideas."She hummed softly on the other end of the line, as though she was deciding whether this was a trap or an honest offer. He waited her out. If he was going to win their battle, he had to let her make her own decisions about his motives. "I was going to do Asia, but I think Imma hitch a ride with a couple of friends to Europe. Live the backpacking, hostel-hopping cliche." She snorted softly to herself. Darcy Lewis was such a curious mix of her father's bravado and shaky self-confidence. Phil mentally listed all the ways a career at SHIELD would challenge her intellectually and help her find her own path, but he held his tongue and said only, "I'm sure that will be a wonderful experience for you. I'm particularly fond of Prague.""No set itinerary yet.""Well, if you find yourself that way, let me know.""Sure. Will do."It would be an interesting test to see if she would call, if they'd come as far along in their relationship as he thought they had. It was hard to tell with her. Just another of her admirable skills -- for all she could and would talk, it could be very difficult to discover how she truly felt about something. She could dissemble with ease. It was his professional assessment that hiding such a large part of herself from those around her for so long had contributed greatly to the development of that ability. "So, what's up, Phil?"Licking his lips, Phil pulled his mind out of his recruit evaluation and into the consideration on whether or not this was a conversation he really wanted to start with a civilian. However, despite the rumors, he was only human, and it was his best day ever."May I ask you a question?""Does it have to do with my future employment plans?" She asked warily."No.""Then shoot. Figuratively."And he liked the lightness of her spirit. Despite all she'd been through with her father and in New Mexico, she still held on to that. If he had any concerns he was making a mistake recruiting her, it was only that SHIELD might dim that brightness. "What do you know about Captain America?"She was silent long enough that Phil almost thought he'd lost the connection. "Stark family sticky subject number five," she said at last."You're aware of your grandfather's work?" Phil asked carefully. It was one thing to tell her his news, it was another to spill intel that had been classified for over seventy-years."Yeah. Dad would talk sometimes. Super soldiers, Project ... um, Rebirth? I think?"Phil felt a swell of both irritation and relief. Leave it to Stark to tell his daughter government secrets; however, it was family business of a sort. He supposed in that, at least, he couldn't entirely fault the man. "That's correct." "We rebuilt his motorcycle when I w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Darcy Wishes People Would Stop Being Awkward
Phil is a Fanboy
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
None
