Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Steve, I swear to god, if you don’t stop brooding about your stupid boyfriend in the next five minutes, I’m going to blow our cover just so that you can get your ass kicked by HYDRA,” Clint whined, poking Steve in the side.Steve scoffed. “The day HYDRA successfully manages to kick my ass will be the day hell freezes over,” there was a short pause, before “-or when Tony starts fucking listening to me,” was added quietly, and both Clint and Natasha groaned in frustration.“Oh my God, Steve, it’s been two goddamn days of radio-silence, surely you’ve calmed down by now?” Clint half begged, leaning his head despairingly against the wall and shutting his eyes.From across the room where Natasha was on watch by the window, Steve heard a sigh of annoyance. “Come on, Rogers- we’ve been stuck in a confined space with your miserable ass, doing this ridiculously dull stakeout and watching an empty building for 48 hours straight. I am on my last nerve, and about ready to start impaling you if you mention Tony again.”Steve opened his mouth to snap back irritably, but Natasha chose that point to shoot him a look that spelt death for Steve if he elected to ignore her threat, and he wisely decided against saying anything.Instead, he leant back on the single bed and continued sulking privately. He wasn’t even sure how their argument had started. It had just been a meaningless action that Tony had taken the wrong way, as he seemed to do so goddamn regularly. And before they could even make up, Steve had been sent off to some boring town in Russia, in order to keep watch of a building that SHIELD suspected to be swarming with HYDRA activity.There certainly hadn’t been anything so far, and the three of them were about to start ripping their hair out from boredom. It hadn’t helped Steve’s mood much, either.He thought back to the argument, and winced involuntarily. This one…this one had been bad. It was so sudden; that was what was surprising. Steve hadn’t even had time to prepare.
It had been date-night. It wasn’t supposed to end like that.They’d been leaving the restaurant; walking out on to the dark streets of Boston where Steve had wanted to spend the day in, and making their way back to the car. Tony had been closest to the road, and without even thinking about it, Steve had gently pushed him over to the other side and taken his place.Apparently, that had been a big mistake. 
“Um…Steve?”

“Hmm?’

“Much as I appreciate the help, I can actually walk along a sidewalk without getting killed. You don’t need to swap places with me,”
Tony had said it lightly, but there was a sharp undercurrent to it that made Steve’s eyebrows rise.
“What? Tony, it’s- it’s not about that,”

“Then do explain,”
“I…I just want to keep you safe?” Steve had stumbled, trying to think of a way to phrase it that wouldn’t offend Tony.But Tony had seemed to be getting more annoyed by the minute, and Steve was smart enough to realize that this must have been something Tony had been sitting on for a while, because it was unlikely he’d get so wound up over something as small as that.
“Safe from what, Steve? Falling over my own two un-enhanced feet, stumbling into the road and dying?”

“Come on, Tony, don’t start-“
“No Steve, this is important,” Tony had interrupted angrily, stopping in the street and turning to look seriously up at Steve. “You’ve got to stop this- this…overprotectiveness of me. It’s been bugging me for a while now.”
“Tony, really, this isn’t a big deal-“

“It’s not just today, though! You do it all the time- always standing over me when I’m talking to strangers like some sort of bodyguard, or refusing to let me take goddamn trips out of the house alone after dark. Hell, I’ve even had to swap places on the bed just so you’re nearest to the door, and I’ve been on the right side for my whole goddamn life! I don’t know how low an opinion you have of me when I’m out of the suit, but I’m not some fucking flower, Steve, I don’t need protecting!”
“Yeah- you really do, Tony,” Steve had been unable to help himself from saying, swinging around and grabbing Tony’s shoulders between his hands, feeling the smaller frame underneath him. Feeling those breakable bones.
“Much as it might annoy you, I am a hell of a lot stronger than you. I can take more, survive more-“

“But it’s unnecessary! It’s…. it’s smothering! If I want to walk to the goddamn donut-shop at 2am, then I will, I do not need someone to hold my hand!”
“Tony, for God’s sake, I don’t want you to get fucking killed, is that such a bad thing? Really?" Steve was growing more and more angry by the second, pulling away from Tony and shaking his head in exasperation.
“When it involves you treating me like I’m a little toddler who can’t tie their own shoelaces, yeah! It really is!”

“I am not like that, Tony, and you know it!”

“Do you? Do you really know how bad you are? What happens when the ‘protectiveness’ becomes possessiveness, huh? What happens if suddenly, I’m not allowe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Established Relationship
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
So Does Steve tbfh
i swear there is fluff buried in here somewhere
Kidnapping
Fluff and Angst
Not Really Character Death
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers-centric
Protective Steve Rogers
People Die But It's Me Writing So Not Really
Avengers Family
Temporary Character Death

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

