Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
If you so desire to understand exactly how I’m messing with canon, read these notes. Otherwise, feel free to skip to the story at the ~*~ sign.Things you’ll need to know about by mish-mash of continuity:We’re skipping forward a lot of years, first off.Parker Industries is a thing that exists (via Superior Spider-man). Peter Parker is CEO and single (via Spideypool mash-up comics).Gonna stick with MCU Avengers since that’s the group I know the best. (I started writing this after Civil War came out.) We’re just gonna pretend that whatever happens in the upcoming movies is resolved. Everybody lives and Bucky, T’Challa, Spider-man, Ant-Man, and very rarely Deadpool join The Avengers on an at need basis. Hawkeye is deaf with Stark brand hearing aids, tho (because I like that plot point).I’m gonna just assume that everybody figures out that Loki killed Odin and pretended to be his father and ruled for a while. Loki is thrown in jail and now Thor(Odinson) is ruler and has a lot more responsibilities. Everyone calls for Loki’s execution, but Thor refuses and just keeps him prisoner. (Meanwhile Jane is now Thor, but I will refer to Odinson as Thor in the story to avoid confusion.)There was a storyline about the six arms saga that was based on Peter’s mutation getting out of control and turning him into
Man-Spider. First with extra arms then later into full blown spider beast. Unfortunately, his mind also went very beastly so they couldn’t just leave him like that. Some friends developed a serum to suppress the beastly spider side of himself. (Technically this gene was removed later in a convoluted plot line, but that’s neither here nor there.)This is a full Marvel verse so mutants, X-men, Magneto, and whatnot are also a thing. (I guess so are Guardians of the Galaxy, but I have no plans to include them thus far.) The prejudice against mutants and especially those non-human looking is still a huge issue. There is a point where Magneto stops trying to wage war on humanity and decides instead to just find ways to help mutants live in peace. Of course, his past haunts him and humans don’t really trust him. Still, gonna pretend we’re far enough into the future that Magneto is being somewhat calm about things lately.So Peter is about 30-ish? Still has a baby face and lanky body from being Spider-man and having a healing ability. Deadpool is trying to be a better person and thus divorced Shiklah since she wanted to take over the Earth and stuff. Deadpool’s face and body was somewhat reconstructed, but still heavy with scars. So more this than this, this, or this. Mostly because I just like scarred Wade better than pretty Wade. (Sorry Wade.)So without further ado, let’s do this thing.~*~Deadpool did not like Peter Parker of Parker Industries. The man was good looking and charming and good looking and sassy and good looking… Also, he had a corrupt corporation! That was enough to dislike a guy, right?	Well, over the years Parker did his best to fix the corruption in his company. At first, Deadpool just thought it was some kind of publicity stunt, but Spider-man had convinced Wade otherwise. Still, Deadpool was untrusting of the company and its CEO even after things ended up squeaky clean on the inside.Spider-man ended up Parker’s bodyguard somehow and that annoyed Deadpool even more. What if that pretty faced Parker ended up stealing his Spidey away from him? Especially since Parker was single now and on the market. Deadpool decided to fix that fear one day and threaten the man in person.However, that ended up the day that Deadpool found out Spider-man’s secret identity. To say that Wade was furious would be an understatement. Even though Peter tried to explain everything, Wade refused to listen. He was hurt and felt strangely betrayed, but mostly just defeated. Peter Parker exclusively dated women, and drop dead gorgeous women at that. What was Wade sticking around for?So in a huff, Deadpool said his goodbyes and fled into the night. He had no intention of seeing Spidey ever again. In fact, part of him wanted to go back to his old ways now that his idol had been destroyed. Yet, he found that he couldn’t do such a thing. He’d worked too hard to change himself. And it wasn’t just Spidey he had changed for. It was for Ellie. It was for himself.Spider-man tried a few times to contact Deadpool and talk about what happened. Deadpool refused to answer. So Peter took to sending updates on his company and the good it was doing. That had an impact on Wade, though he would never admit it. After a while, Deadpool started looking up news on Spider-man’s recent adventures and couldn’t help but smile at it. Despite everything, Wade was still head over heels for the wall crawler.Maybe not despite. Maybe because of everything. Peter had tried so hard to fix the company his evil counterpart had created and succeeded in doing so. That was one hel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Children
dad!peter
Spider Babies
hardcore spider behavior
disturbing imagery for some readers
probably
Eventual sexy times
Explicit Sexual Content
I write bottom Peter
Sorry Not Sorry
Peter is in his 30's in this
This is such a big project
why do I do this to myself?
Parenting
secret hideout
THE HUMAN CONDITION
Mutants
Plot
The feels
Peter Needs a Hug
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
momma!Wade

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

