Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“We’re not slaves to our biology, Sam,” Steve said. He wasn’t looking at Sam, instead he was scanning the park. How was it that a four-foot-at-the-shoulder-with-a-metal-front-paw fucking timber wolf could hide. In a park? In New York City? How was that even a thing.“You might not be,” Sam said, his voice completely registering doubt and sarcasm, “but Tony is the most cat-like cat I’ve ever met. He comes into the room just so he can prove how much he’s ignoring you.”“You’re just sore ‘cause he pounces on you,” Steve pointed out. Where the hell was Bucky? He shouldn’t worry so much, but the last time he took eyes off his best friend, Bucky had been dead for seventy years.“Well, it’s a lot more annoying when he does it in his wyr form,” Sam said. “I still got claw marks on my shoulder.”Steve blinked at that. “I would think it was more annoying in his human form.” Steve still found it weird to be claimed, the way Tony did it, rubbing up against his teammates from time to time. Mine mine mine. Except for that bit over there. You can have that. “Doesn’t matter,” Sam said, brushing it off. “Point is, Tony’s feline, and Barnes is a wolf. It’s never gonna work out, and you need to tell him before Tony starts asserting himself and your friend ends up without a roof over his head.”“Don’t be such a speciest, Sam,” Steve said. “After all, I’m feline, and you’re a bird.”“Don’t give me that. I know what you were before Project Rebirth,” Sam said, crossing his arms over his chest. “You’re more avian than you like to admit.”“Still am,” Steve said. Project Rebirth had done some interesting things to him, given him a much larger human form, and transformed his wyr from the scrawny little aggressive chickenhawk that he’d been born with into a cross between his and Stark’s DNA, making him into the first gryphon in living memory. Half lion, half eagle, his wyr was nearly the size of an SUV. “Doesn’t mean I don’t want to pounce on your ass, from time to time, myself.”Sam uttered a completely charmed and startled laugh. “You need to up your flirt game, man,” he said. “I don’t even know what to do with that.”Steve ducked his chin. “That’s not what you said last night.”Sam shoved him, which of course did absolutely nothing. Steve was a rock, even when he didn’t have his feet set.“They’ll work it out,” Steve said. “Or they won’t. But I’m not gonna take Bucky aside and tell him that he can’t have Tony because of some ridiculously outdated notion of cats-and-dogs.”Sam threw up his hands. “Cats and dogs, living together. Mass hysteria.”“All right, all right, I get the point,” Steve said. “I’ll… mention it. Or something.”***Tony took the whole idea of catnaps to their ultimate expression. Mr I can fall asleep anywhere as long as it’s not bed was on the top of the fridge again. Which was all well and good for him, except he always snapped awake as soon as Bucky came into the room.Bucky’d been trying, he’d really been trying to not be in his wyr whenever he was in the Tower. Four hundred pounds of timber wolf was intimidating to just about everyone, but when Bucky could have swallowed Tony by yawning, well, let’s just say that Bucky had been pretty depressed, watching Tony flee the room, his fur sticking up in every direction.Even puffed up to full size, Tony’s wyr probably only weighed in at twelve pounds or so. Large for a housecat, but he was definitely a second-tier predator.Tony lazily opened one golden eye as Bucky stopped dead in the kitchen door, the tip of his tail twitching. That flat, you-blink-first stare was disconcerting as hell and made Bucky want to check when he’d last taken a shower. He nervously ran a hand through his hair“Hey, Tony,” Bucky said. He blinked, once, twice. Steve had told him that would help, a bit, even if he didn’t understand it. Tony’s eye slid closed again. “I just… was hungry.”Tony made a dismissive sort of tail flick, stood up, turned aaaaall the way around in a circle and curled up again, facing the other direction.Right.Bucky sighed. Rather than opening the fridge and digging through it for something red and raw that would satisfy his inner wolf, he grabbed bread and some of those nasty nut spreads that the avians in the building liked so much. It was protein, it would fill him up even if he’d probably have to go hunting again. At this rate, he was going to have to drop in on a feral pack and see if he could join in on an elk run or something.Tony stretched, arching his back. He licked one black-furred paw and wiped his face. His wyr form was tiny, adorable, with almost solid-black silky fur, save for the white patch at his chest and Bucky had the worst time with temptation. He wanted to pick Tony up and cuddle him, which Bucky was almost positive would not be well-received at all. Cats were like liquid; Tony finished his stretch and slid off the top of the fridge, landing lightly on all fours, somehow
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Shifter AU
Cat Tony
Wolf Bucky
sam is a birdbrain
cats and dogs living together
be very very quiet
we're hunting rabbits

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

