Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Last night, Anton had dreamed of the Red Room. He dreamed of it almost every night, to tell the truth, of waking up in a puddle of broken glass and cryogenic fluid to see Natasha above him, a man with a bow behind her, telling him, “Time to go, Anton.”He dreamed of begging to take Yakov, only for her to tell him, “Maybe later.” Well, she said they would return when they were stronger, but that basically boiled down to maybe later. Then, he led them out of the Red Room from the vents—Yakov had shown him the way—and once outside the man led them to a helicopter. The helicopter had morphed into a plane, and suddenly another man was sitting next to him, writing down endless letters on endless sheets of paper, as if he wasn’t aware of Anton and Natasha arguing next to him.He always woke up when she smacked him. He rubbed his cheek, still feeling the phantom pain, although the bruise had faded days ago. He’d been awake for two weeks now, longer than ever before. His previous record was four days, when he had been hidden particularly well during a training exercise and it had taken Yakov longer than usual to find him. He’d been given candy after that.Natasha was always saying, “He’s the Winter Soldier, Anton, and he won’t hesitate to kill you in an instant if he’s given the order,” but he remembered Yakov taking just a bit longer to return to base so they could talk before being put back into cryogenic freezing. That was the best part of training, when he’d been found and released from his bonds and Yakov let him ride on his back as they slowly made their way through the snow.There wasn’t any snow in America. Clint always said there would be in the winter, but winter wasn’t for months. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to be in America for months; he’d been there for two weeks and it wasn’t all that great. He sat in a small, windowless room furnished only with a bed and a small table, reading the same books over and over again. They weren’t even in Russian. He knew some of the words, but for most of them he had to keep flipping through the dictionary Agent Coulson had given him. Not exactly prime entertainment.Natasha hadn’t been around, either. Clint said that they were making sure she wasn’t going to figure out their secrets and run back to Russia; Anton figured they just wanted to interrogate her and figure out all they could about the Red Room.No one interrogated him. They gave him an IQ test and gaped over him for a bit, asked him a few questions about the Winter Soldier, and sent him off to this glorified prison cell when his answers weren’t satisfactory. Clint came by sometimes, and that was fun, but otherwise he did nothing at all.He’d rather have been in Russia. At least there it was interesting. He wanted to get his hands on something, but whenever he tried to fiddle with the wiring alarms went off and he got dragged before Agent Coulson, who sighed and rubbed his temples and told him to be patient, his expression more and more exasperated and tired each time.He sighed and threw himself on the bed. “I’m bored,” he complained to the camera above him. He doubted whoever was watching spoke Russian, but whatever. He huffed grumpily and rolled himself up in the multitudes of blankets he had gathered. “I’m bored, bored, booooorreeeed.”Anton gave the papers sitting on the table a considering look. He had a birth certificate and a passport and a visa and everything. He could probably just leave. The door was locked, but he knew a fast way out.After a few minutes of fiddling with the wires to the electronic lock and listening to the alarm blare incessantly, Anton found himself being dragged to Agent Coulson’s office once again.“Anton, do that one more time and I will tase you and do my work in peace while you drool on the carpet,” Coulson said.Anton grinned unapologetically. “Maybe if you didn’t lock me up, I wouldn’t bother you.”Coulson sighed and shook his head. “Part of me wants to make sure you get an introduction to 21st century America—not that we didn’t already have enough of a demand for that recently without adding in Russian spies from the Soviet era—but the rest of me is all too glad to see you go.”Anton caught the key that Agent Coulson tossed at him automatically. “The keys to your house,” Coulson said. “We’ve found a safehouse in the district of a decent public school. You and Agent Romanov will be placed there. You will attend the local school while she works for SHIELD. She had agreed to ensure you will be taken care of when she is on long-term assignments. If you require anything, I have taken the liberty of buying you a cell phone with numbers for Clint’s phone, my office, and my phone.” The phone he slid across the desk, leaving Anton to step forward and pick it up. As he did, Coulson looked at him piercingly and repeated, “Anything. If you need it, just call.”“Yeah, whatever.” Anton only gave the phone a brief look, enough to see that it was one of the better phones SHIELD
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Red Room
Anxiety Attacks
Hurt/Comfort
Therapy
Adoption
Kid Tony
Eating Disorders
Past Child Abuse
Extremis
Palladium Poisoning

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

