Chapter 1



Summary:

Edited by Snow Leopard Pasha Thank you for editing this hon!





Chapter Text
Invisible Lord Voldemort's Attack And Nick Sirius Potter A HeroChapter 1 It was a busy day on October 24th, 1981, as it was time for Lily Potter nee Evans and her two children and husband to go into hiding. It was a stressful time for them because they didn't like hiding away from the war; however, James and Lily did it for the sake of their children. The children came first to them—it was just a shame it wouldn't always remain that way. Remus, Peter, Sirius, and Dumbledore all said goodbye to them before the spell was cast and they disappeared from view, sure that Lord Voldemort wouldn't be able to harm their children. A year and almost three months ago, Lily had given birth to twins at Hogwarts.The first born was named Nick Sirius Potter; Sirius Black was named his godfather. He was born on July 31st at 11.35—twenty five minutes before his twin came into the world.The second born son was named Harry James Potter, and Sirius Black was also named his godfather. He was born 'as the seventh month dies', his birth time was set at 11.55, an innocent mistake by Poppy Pomfrey because of the interruption of Albus Dumbledore coming into the Hospital Wing.Peter Pettigrew became their Secret Keeper, and it wasn't surprising Peter was excited. He could not wait to get the news to his Lord, who would be so happy with him, and without further ado he left early, insisting he was going to see his mother. Peter had been a Death Eater for a year, spying for the almighty and powerful Lord Voldemort, his 'Master' the 'Dark Lord'.It was, unfortunately, a week before he was called.--------0Lord Voldemort's Current Hide Out"My Lord, I am the Secret Keeper for the Potter's," said Peter, his eyes gleaming with evilness and no small amount of smugness. He was sure to be His Lord's favourite now after handing the Potter's to him on a silver platter. He hated the fact that he wasn't even named one of the children's godfathers, hated the fact that his friends pitied him enough to befriend him. His Lord saw his power, saw his usefulness, and for once he was noticed on his own, not as James Potter's almost invisible friend—he was never asked his opinion at Order meetings. He didn't regret his actions at all, and was gladly handing them over.He even had a plan for whenever the Potter's were killed since there was no doubt Sirius would come after him. As Sirius Black would soon be the only one who knew he was the Secret Keeper, he would ensure Black rotted in Azkaban. Everyone had underestimated him, and that would be their downfall."Excellent! Now tell me why you took so long to tell me! They have been under the Fidelius spell for a week!" snarled Voldemort. He knew because Severus Snape, his other spy at Hogwarts, had told him they were safe, had gone into hiding to annoy him, though Snape didn't realize just who the Secret Keeper was so it was all for naught."I'm sorry Master, I'm sorry," said Peter, snivelling at the powerful wizard. Why wasn't His Lord happy? Why was he being so nasty? This wasn't how he imagined his reaction at all."Tell me the address," hissed Voldemort, tiring of the snivelling traitor. He was useful, he had to give the rat that much credit, and taking the smelly snivelling boy had been a good decision after all."The Potters shall be found at Number 12 Godric's Hollow," stammered Peter quickly. Where was His Lord's praise about how valuable he was and rewarding him for his loyalty? He didn't like when his 'Master' was mad at him. Maybe he should have told him straight away, but he had to get plans into motion, like saying goodbye to his mother—despite everything, he did indeed love his mother. She had always put him first, but for a grown boy it just wasn't enough. Seeing his friends get girls and have families had taken its toll on the ugly boy."Good. Stay here and wait for me to return. You shall be rewarded handsomely," said Voldemort.How could Voldemort not be happy? He had just received the Potter's on a silver platter! Being the only real threat to his power, he could not let the brats get older. Putting his cloak on, he was gone before anything or anyone could stop him, leaving Peter Pettigrew glowing at the small measure of praise he had received. He had been wrong; his 'Master' was happy with him, he just didn't want to show it until they were dead. Then he would become his right hand man—Snivellus would be kicked aside. Snape may spy on Dumbledore, but it was Peter who had brought the Potters to him, so he would be the Dark Lord's number one. Everyone would be envious of him, even Lucius Malfoy, as the strutting peacock would be moved down to number four instead of three.------0Godric's Hollow, Halloween, October 31st, 1981"The Potters shall be found at number 12 Godric's Hollow," said Voldemort, causing the house to materialize out of nowhere. Smirking, he blasted the door open with his wand, and smirked
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Severus Snape/Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Sirius Black
Viktor Krum/Harry Potter (Summer romance only)
James Potter/Lily Potter

freeform: 
Wrong Boy Who Lived
Mpreg
Implied Mpreg

fandom: 
Severus Snape/Harry Potter
Remus Lupin/Sirius Black
Viktor Krum/Harry Potter (Summer romance only)
James Potter/Lily Potter

