Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Text from Clint Barton: One's a good news day, two's a coinkidink, and three's a phone call from NF waiting to happen. That's why the text. Keeping the line clear. :) 
Natasha was in Montreal finishing up some perfectly above-board work (that had just happened to require a neutral third country meeting place and travel under a false passport), so she hadn't seen the news, nor had she checked her email since this morning. Fury hadn't called her, so whatever it was Clint was hinting at hadn't yet occurred, if it would at all. Sometimes, it was a little hard to tell when he was being serious over texts and emails; this could be work related or it could be that he had found Count Chocula at the grocery again.She could spend time checking her inboxes or surfing to the news websites, instead, she just texted back a question mark because if it really was cereal, she'd be irritated at the effort otherwise expended. And then she turned her attention to the waitress who offered to refill her coffee cup and asked if she'd like a slice of sugar pie and smiled approvingly when she replied in the affirmative.Clint sent her three links to the London newspapers. The first reported that the Latverian cultural attaché to the Court of St. James (like most cultural attachés, he was really a spy) had died of an apparent heart attack while enjoying a post-theater dinner with his wife at a trendy restaurant. The second said that a merger between two City investment firms was on hold after the principal of one, Oleg Semyonov, had been rendered comatose after a fall in his mansion's bathroom -- wet marble, so slippery; he was not expected to survive. Semyonov was (soon to be had been) Putin's main money-launderer in Europe. The third was an obituary of Sir Robert Atglen, a former permanent undersecretary at the Foreign Ministry turned Kronas Industries executive, of natural causes. Atglen had been a KGB spy handled by Aleksander Lukin during the Cold War and had been rewarded for his services. It was possible that it had been natural causes, but, as Clint had pointed out, the context was... curious."Oh, mili moi, what have you done?" she murmured, smiling sweetly up at the waitress who brought her cake.Fury did not call her that day, nor the next, when she was back in New York. But on the third day, Natasha woke up to news that there had been massive explosions at both the Port of Los Angeles and the Port of Rotterdam, no claims of responsibility yet, and while she did not know what had been damaged at each site, she'd have bet on Kronas Industries' insurance company having gotten at least one phone call. So when Neal Tapper, the Avengers' SHIELD liaison, issued a summons to the headquarters on 44th Street, she was unsurprised. Even less so to find Steve there already waiting, talking to Hill."Can you please try to look a little less giddy at the news of thirteen dead and hundreds of millions of dollars in damages and lost revenue?" Fury asked with a scowl as he stalked into the conference room, an aide trailing behind. "This is going to be a clusterfuck and that's with only the Port Authorities and Homeland Security tying up my phone line."Natasha cocked an eyebrow; she hadn't been doing anything."Not you, Romanova," Fury said, looking pointedly at Steve. "Captain Happy over there."Steve blushed. "I'm not pleased about the loss of life. That's a tragedy and I'm--""Save it," Fury cut him off, sitting down and waiting for the aide to deposit papers and tablet in front of him. "Far as we can tell, every single corpse comes with an Interpol file, so 'tragedy' is overstating the case. But that doesn't mean this isn't going to become one down the line. Whoever is behind this -- and I say that like I don't know exactly who is behind this -- has been busy and the busier he gets, the more dots there are to connect. Right now, it's just probably just Lukin and the Latverians, but eventually the Russians are going to clue in, too, because your boy? Is not being subtle. I get the need for revenge. I do. But we need to stop him before he starts something we can't contain."Hill began the quick briefing then, throwing images up on to the plasma screen because it turned out that London had not been James's first stop on his quest to pay back those who'd used and abused him when he'd been the Winter Soldier. All of the research SHIELD had done back when they'd been looking to stop Latveria from using Lukin's connections to import HYDRA technology and everything they'd researched to try to bring James Buchanan Barnes home, all of that had let them see exactly what he'd been up to in the six months since they'd lost him in Doomdstadt. Since they'd thought they'd watched him die rather than live with the guilt of what the Winter Soldier had done.The proof of life, however, came with quite the body count.Fury wanted Natasha, Steve, and Clint (when Clint got back from wherever he was) to start looking for him and, if they co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Red Room
Revenge
Drama
Politics
actions have consequences
Team as Family
PTSD
Clint is stealthily awesome
Assassins & Hitmen
Assassination Attempt(s)
World politics

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

