Work Text:
Steve was surprised to say the least when he opened his bedroom door one morning and found Tony standing outside it, his hand raised in a fist ready to knock. He blinked, once, twice before stepping outside and closing the door behind him.“Tony,” he said, raising his eyebrows and smiling in what he hoped wasn’t a confused grimace, but probably was.Tony opened his mouth, closed it, lowered his still upraised fist then opened his mouth again and started babbling.Steve yawned and shielded his eyes from the bright morning light, cogs in his brain turning at a ridiculously slow pace. Tony’s mouth was moving, but nothing was really registering through the slop that was Steve’s brain matter this morning. He scratched his head and focused on the cut on Tony’s cheek.“-what do you say?”The question caught Steve off guard and he narrowed his eyes, trying to make sense of the baffling query.“Uh,” was his succinct reply. Tony eyed him cautiously, waiting for a reply.“Yeah?” he asked finally, hoping that that was the right answer.“Great!” Tony said, clapping his hands in obvious glee before promptly turning on his heel and skipping back down the corridor from whence he came.Steve stared after him for a long, drawn out moment.“Wait a minute,” he said finally but by then there was no trace of Tony left on his floor.
When Steve finally found Tony, he was holed up in his workshop, tinkering with some delicate piece of machinery. He stood for a moment, taking in Tony’s focused hunch and wondered if this was the best time.“Hey, so uh, Tony,” he ventured, wandering past scattered bits of metal strewn across the workbenches.“What’s up, cupcake?” came the reply and Steve’s cheeks flushed instantly at the nickname.“Well, I was wondering about this morning-” Steve began and was startled when Tony dropped what he was working on with a clatter and stood up abruptly.“You didn’t change your mind did you?” he asked and Steve could only stare in bemusement at his friend.“Well that’s the thing, Tony,” Steve said. “About this morning, I, uh, just woke up when you asked me... whatever you asked me and I sort of, agreed to whatever it was without actually agreeing?”They stood in silence for a moment as Tony stared at Steve’s face, project long forgotten.“Sorry,” he added sheepishly.  The silence stretched for an uncomfortable moment and Steve resisted the urge to fidget.“Awkward,” Tony said at last, folding his arms over his chest. “Nevermind, it wasn’t important.”He turned to head back to the workbench but Steve grabbed his wrist, pulling him back around.“Tony,” he said, eyebrows pulled together in a frown. “Please, just tell me what you asked.”Tony studied his face for a moment, a look of doubt flashing across his face. He bit his bottom lip between his teeth but made no move to pull away from Steve.“I asked you out on a date, okay?” he said at last and blinked up to meet Steve’s eyes. Steve didn’t move, shock rendering him motionless.“Oh.”“Oh is about right, I guess,” Tony said nonchalantly.“Like, a date date,” Steve repeated.Tony sighed, loud and dramatic. “Yes, like a date date. Is it still a go ahead?”Steve looked away from Tony’s hopeful expression, avoiding his gaze.“Tony, you’re my friend,” he said, voice strained. “You’re my best friend, but I just, I just don’t see you that way.”Tony remained silent and when Steve eventually risked a glance back down at him, his expression was unreadable.“Huh,” he finally concluded and looked Steve in the eye. Where he had expected to see hurt or rejection, Steve only saw the familiar steely determination that shone in Tony’s eye when he took on a challenge.“We’ll see about that,” Tony said matter-of-factly and tapped him on the nose before turning back towards the workbench.Steve could only groan.“You,” he said, pointing at the retreating billionaire’s back, “are impossible.”
Tony kept true to his word, much to Steve’s eternal embarrassment. When Valentine’s day rolled around and he headed down to the workshop, he was greeted by an excited Dummy who grabbed a clawful of his shirt and didn’t let go.“Whoah, Dummy!” he exclaimed as he was dragged bodily between workbenches and past holographic screens.“What’s going on?” he asked but his friend was nowhere to be seen. Steve swallowed, trying to suppress the feeling of impending doom.The bot stopped in front of one of the displays and gestured with his claw. Steve leaned forward, trying to pinpoint what it was he was supposed to be seeing. He frowned at the image of the Avengers tower, rotating in mid-air.“I don’t-” he began as something caught his eye. Dummy hummed contentedly as he tapped the star. The projection zoomed in and Steve recognised the location of the workshop. The star came to life, blinking a bright blue. It began to move, lighting up a trail behind it. Steve watched as it blinked up the tower to the landing deck. It continued, stopping right at the edge where a red ‘X’ flashed into existence.“I have a bad feeling about this,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Crack
Crack
Humor

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

