Work Text:
"You're afraid of alphas."It is probably not the best way to begin their conversation, but no one has ever accused Thor of having tact or diplomacy. Tony goes tense from head to toe, fingers tightening on the crystal glass he's holding. The look on his face is midway between insulted and angry, but Thor doesn't back away. He joins Tony on the balcony, taking a seat beside him on the small couch."I'm not afraid," Tony spits. "Alphas are idiots. Slaves to their instincts. I've never met a single one who could control themselves. And the worst part is, they all believe that they can so they won't listen when you tell them otherwise. It's like some big huge conspiracy." His hand trembles a little when he lifts his glass, tossing back the remainder of the amber liquid inside. It smells smoky."Who hurt you?" Thor asks, because it's the only question he can think of, and it's out before he can consider the possible ramifications. But all Tony does is turn to look at him, and in that moment Thor realizes that it's not anger in his face but weariness. Exhaustion. He is afraid, much as he would refuse to admit it. He is an omega on a team full of alphas save for Thor and Bruce. Asgardians do not have this particular type of physiology, and Bruce lost his secondary gender when he became the Hulk. And considering what happened earlier... well. Thor does not blame him for being afraid."Everyone," Tony says, very quietly. "From the time I first presented, everyone thinks they can do what they want with me. Rhodey is the only alpha I've ever been able to trust. Sometimes I wish we could mate, but he's not interested in guys. Steve, Natasha, Clint... they can say that they respect me and would never do anything to me until they turn blue in the face, but it's a lie."Thor cocks his head slowly, studying him. "Did something happen? Worse than...?""You mean worse than when my heat drove Captain America into a rut and he tried to pin me down and fuck me and I wanted it so badly that I screamed myself hoarse at Natasha for separating us?" Tony sighs, turning a morose gaze on his empty glass. "No. But it's only a matter of time. And it's all my fault. I'm dangerous for them to be around.""Anthony," Thor says, because he cannot let that stand, "what happened was not your fault.""Wasn't it? I goaded Loki until he lost his temper and cursed me with this dumb pseudo-heat. I'm the one who didn't realize what was happening. If I'd stayed in the suit, I could've made it back to the tower. I'm the one who made Cap lose his head. I'm the reason there are pictures of Cap trying to tear my clothes off all over the internet. I really can't wait until he wakes up tomorrow and finds out about them. He's gonna be pissed and you know he's going to pin the blame on me for being smart with Loki."And the worst part is..." Tony's lips curl back in a terrible pantomime of a smile. "I wanted it. I wanted it so much. I still want it. I haven't been fucked in years. Not since the last alpha who took me lost their temper in the middle of a party because I was schmoozing, and they decided that I belonged to them. The damages from that party cost me half a million dollars and landed seven people in the hospital. I'm a fucking menace.""No, you're not. You're amazing."Tony blinks, brown eyes wide as he absorbs those five words, turning them over and over in his brilliant mind. Thor watches him patiently, waiting for him to come to the correct conclusion. He has spent a lot of time watching the Man of Iron over the past two years, and has come to the realization that Tony is the best of what humanity has to offer.Thor is selfish enough to want Tony all for himself."You..." Tony trails off, then lets out a low laugh. "Wow, I must be drunker than I thought. I've only had the one glass, but... for a minute there, I thought you were propositioning me.""I was.""... What?""For more than just sex," Thor adds, because he doesn't want there to be any misunderstandings. "And it's not because of what happened today. In fact, I suppose my timing is quite poor." He frowns at himself. Perhaps he should have waited until the morning."Your timing is fine," Tony says quickly. "You... really? You're a god. And a prince. I'm just..." He waves a hand, as though that encompasses everything he could've said."You are my friend. You are gracious, generous and kind." All of which are traits that Thor has found lacking as of late, and not just in Midgard. "I would be honored if you would allow me to court you."Tony frowns. "Is this because I'm an omega?""No. You know I possess no secondary gender.""Yeah, but..." Tony squints at him. "This isn't like a protection thing, is it? Because I might be a fuck up, but I can take care of myself.""I know you can," Thor says fondly. It's one of his favorite things about Tony. Few Midgardians try so hard. He finds it very admirable. "I will not lie to you and say that I do not wish to protect you, but the feeling started off no differen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Tony
thor is not an alpha
that's kinda the point of the fic
loki is an asshole
Mating Cycles/In Heat
pseudo-heat
Magic
magic is a pain sometimes
Fucking
Bottom Tony
Top Thor
Everyone is willing
Consensual Sex
however there is some mention of dubious consent sex
between tony and steve
it didn't happen
but it is mentioned
Cuddling
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Thor Is Not Stupid
thor is much smarter than everyone gives him credit for
thor knows how to treat his partners
royal consort Tony Stark
future royal consort tony stark
Mating
thor just wants to make tony happy
I think we can all live with that goal
Mild Angst
mostly feels
Feels and Porn

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

