Work Text:
Steve was shivering, and the only thing Bucky could do for it was pile on another blanket and hope the wind let up soon, or the boiler kicked in, or if they were very lucky, both."Nah, I'm all right," Steve tried to tell him, but since he was doing it through chattering teeth, it wasn't all that convincing. "This one's yours, Bucky.""I don't feel the cold like you do," said Bucky. "I got two coats on, plus my longjohns. You can keep it tonight.""Only till you go to bed," said Steve. "You're not sleeping in your winter coat.""I've slept in worse," said Bucky, "and so've you, so stop arguing."Steve's hand trembled a little bit as he turned the page of his book, but he did stop arguing so Bucky would take that win. He tried listening to the radio for a while, to distract him from the cold, but it kept crackling out thanks to the storm until he finally just shut it off and picked up one of Steve's books, thumbing through it idly."You won't like that one," said Steve. "It's got no pictures.""Jerk," said Bucky, grinning at him, but he dropped the book back down on the pile anyway. Without the distraction he just looked at Steve again, and Steve was still shivering. And yawning."Listen," said Bucky. "Let's just share tonight. It's not getting any warmer, and I'll just worry about you all night if you don't.""You don't need to worry about me so much," said Steve grudgingly, but Bucky noticed he didn't turn down the offer. It wouldn't be the first time they'd shared but it probably was the first time since they were fully grown, and sharing that narrow little bed was going to be a lot tighter than he remembered."I'll stop worrying about you when you stop worrying about me, how about?" said Bucky. When Steve was silent, he nodded his head. "Yeah, that's what I thought. Come on, bring all your blankets with you."Steve peeled off layers as he got up, first handing Bucky's blanket back to him, then shedding his own and draping it over one arm, then shuffling over to strip his bed of everything down to the sheets to bring it into Bucky's room with him. Bucky's room was an illegal subdivide of the living room so it didn't have a window, which was hell in the summer but just what they needed tonight.He didn't have to tell Steve to strip down to his skivvies, even in the cold; they both knew all too much about the way body heat worked, and the wisdom of not putting a few layers of fabric on to separate limb from limb.Once Steve was comfortable, Bucky switched the light off and crawled in behind, spooning him only because that was the most comfortable way to share the bed without going top to toe, which always ended up with someone getting a foot in the face."Sorry," he said, chuckling close to Steve's ear. "I'd say just pretend I was a girl, but then you'd be the one on the outside.""Wouldn't know much about that anyway," mumbled Steve, not sleepily but because he had his face mashed against the pillow."What, you don't like to stay and cuddle?" said Bucky. He was just teasing, but he was also a little genuinely surprised. Steve might've had some shortcomings, but he was the most gentlemanly guy Bucky knew. "Or do you mean they like to be the ones to cuddle you?""C'mon, Bucky, you know I've never been with a girl," said Steve.No. No, Bucky did not know that, actually."What do you mean, you've never been with a girl?" he said. "How many double dates we been on now, Steve? And you've never...?""We don't go on double dates, Bucky, you go on dates and I keep her friend or her sister or her cousin from Boise company while you do. Not the same thing.""You've gone out with girls, though, without me.""No," said Steve. "I haven't.""So you've never...with anyone?""Don't you think I would've told you if I had?" said Steve. "You sure told me about it the first time you did.""Yeah, but I was a loudmouth fifteen-year-old who didn't know any better.""And now you're a loudmouth twenty-one-year-old," said Steve, giving him a fond nudge. "So don't worry about me thinkin' this is anything like that. I don't need to pretend I'm snuggled up with some dame to get some sleep, Bucky."Steve really did go to sleep not long after that, and Bucky was just happy that he wasn't shivering anymore and his breathing was even and smooth. He kept his arm wrapped around him and never let go, and turned it over and over in his head that Steve had never been with a girl. That Steve was a virgin. It had honestly just never occurred to him, because it was Steve and Bucky thought Steve was just about the greatest guy in town.Everyone else should have thought that too. Steve included.The storm let up overnight, but the cold was there to stay. It wasn't the first winter they'd spent together, but it was the first in this drafty apartment with the dodgy heat, and after that first night Bucky started suggesting Steve sleep in his room more often. Nearly every night."You don't gotta, Bucky," insisted Steve. "I know you'd rather be someplace else. All those gir
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
kink bingo
virginity/celibacy
First Time
Bedsharing
Pre-Serum

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

