Chapter 1: Prologue: 9/11
    


Notes:
Follow me on Tumblr and now on TWITTER I GUESS for additional Baghdad Waltz content. Also, consider subscribing to the Spent Brass series on Ao3, which includes BW side stories of characterological importance that didn’t make it into the fic for various reasons that I still wanted to share with you.
Thank you to infinity and beyond to my beta, pitchforkcentral86, who is a true Princess of Power. If not for her, this fic would be trash. I literally could not do this without her. 
And a very special thanks to KissMissSangBang for the stunning, heart-shredding art for this fic. I die every time I look at it. 
This is a work in progress. Chapters will be actively revised until completion to tighten up character continuity, POV, tone, etc. The plot and character fundamentals will not be majorly altered in these revisions.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 




    Steve awakens abruptly to the harsh, jaunty tones of a cell phone. Next to him, Bucky burrows his head deeper under the covers with a mumble.“’S yours,” Steve thinks he hears. Bucky’s arm slides around his waist, and Steve feels his hand fall softly against his side.No, it most certainly is not his, because his is in his pocket, and his pants are far away. Steve reaches against the counterforce of his boyfriend’s pull and snags the cell off the nightstand with the tips of his fingers. He checks the caller ID.
SGT McConnell
“It’s your squad leader.” Steve throws down the comforter and taps the phone against Bucky’s head.Bucky recoils from the light and the blaring sound, pressing his face into Steve’s bare chest. “What’s he want?”“I don’t know, Buck. I didn’t ask him.” The smile on Steve's lips is fond as he taps again.With a growl, Bucky reaches up, grabs the phone from Steve’s hand, presses the receive button, and holds it to his ear. “Hello?”Steve can’t make out the words on the other end, but he can make out that they’re frantic. Bucky’s body goes rigid against him, and Bucky pushes himself away in order to sit up. McConnell’s voice, loud and legato, fills the space between them.“What do we do?” Bucky asks, his own words measured and even by comparison.More unintelligible panic seeps into the room. Steve sits up next to Bucky and tries to read the situation from his face. His lips are parted, brows drawn together the way they do when he’s engineering through a problem - though Steve would sure like to know what kind of problem has McConnell calling in hysterics when Bucky isn't even supposed to be drilling for another four days.“Are we officially on orders?” Bucky motions to Steve then, pointing to the remote on the nightstand. When Steve hands it to him, he turns the TV on to ABC, to live news coverage of both towers of the World Trade Center belching smoke and flame.It takes several moments for his sleep-addled brain to register what’s happening, but once it sinks in, Steve covers his mouth with his hand and mutters “Oh my God” against it. He looks over at Bucky, who’s flung down the rest of the covers and is crawling out of bed.“Liberty Plaza Park?” Bucky asks. He’s pacing now, naked, alternating between glancing at the TV and the floor. His body is a lean line of wiry muscle, sculpted and groomed with the fastidiousness of a man who lives as if he’s still beholden to the rigid statues of the New York City gay scene, his old habits holding fast despite Steve’s insistence that he doesn’t have to be that way for him.Now Steve’s phone actually is ringing. He scrambles out of bed and uses the sound to locate his jeans, which are crumpled in the corner next to the book shelf.Bucky’s voice dimly registers in the background. “I dunno. Depends on traffic in the tunnel. I can be ready — ”Steve presses the receive button on his phone. “Ma.”“Where are you?”“Bucky’s.”“Oh, thank the Lord. Just stay there, okay? Did you see what happened? Are you watching?”“Yeah.”His ma draws in a shaking breath. “All those people…”Steve knows what she’s thinking, and if she weren’t sleeping off her latest round of chemo, he’s sure she’d be trying to hitch a ride to Manhattan right now to go help treat the wounded. He feels a sudden pang of guilt that he’s not with her. He should be with her. He should be taking care of her, despite her firm insistence that she's fine. That she's out of the woods now. At the very least, he shouldn’t have stayed over at Bucky’s. Again. Bucky's pacing abruptly stops, catching Steve's attention. Steve doesn’t make out what his ma says next, because all he can hear is —“Roger that. See you soon.”The breath rips out Steve’s chest as the pieces slam into place. He stumbles distractedly through repeated confirmations that he’s safe and that his ma is safe and that they’ll call each other later. By the time he hangs up, Bucky’s in the bathroom, filling the sink with water.“Sergeant Z’s gonna kill me,” Bucky says, running his fingers through his dark hair, no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Matt Murdock & Steve Rogers
Matt Murdock/Elektra Natchios
Rebecca Barnes/Daisy Johnson
Past Hank Pym/Howard Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Hank Pym
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Quill

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Military
Alternate Universe - No Powers
9/11
Iraq War
Wartime Stucky
Violence
Mutilation
Combat
Violence involving Children
Child Death
Sexual Tension
Mutual Pining
Explicit Sexual Content
Infidelity
Promiscuity
Combat Stress Reactions
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Drug Use
Depression
Psychological Trauma
Recovery
Hurt/Comfort
Don't Ask Don't Tell
Homophobia
Homophobic Language
Transphobia
Trans Female Character
Minority Stress
Slurs
Sexist Language
Gay Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Soft Bucky Barnes
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Intellectual Steve Rogers
Trans Rebecca Barnes
Minor Character Death
POV Alternating
Explicit Language
Heavy Angst
Love
Blood and Gore
Internalized Homophobia
Biphobia
Implied/Referenced Underage Sex
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Therapy
Psychologists & Psychiatrists
Implied/Referenced Underage Drinking
Hospitals
Rehabilitation
Grief/Mourning
Moral injury
Moral Ambiguity
Physical Abuse
Abuse of Authority
Slow Build
References to Past Statutory Rape
Sexual Dysfunction
Injury Recovery
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Steve Rogers Recovering
Psychological Recovery
Addiction recovery
Addiction
Reconciliation
Veterans
Mental Health Issues
Friends to Lovers
Lovers to Friends
Suicidal Thoughts
References to Suicidal Behavior
War Fic
therapy fic
Legal Problems
Traumatic Brain Injury
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Alcoholics Anonymous
Medical Realism
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
War Veteran Steve Rogers
recovery is not linear
Touch-Starved
Ableist Language
Ambiguously Suicidal Behavior
emotional whiplash
Relationship Problems
Misogyny
Military
Religious Conflict
Veterans Administration
Cognitive Problems
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Unreliable Narrator
Bad Sex
Weird Sex
Domestic Disputes
Childhood Trauma
References to Nonconsensual Sex
Vomiting
Childhood Sexual Abuse
Bittersweet Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Sam Wilson
Matt Murdock & Steve Rogers
Matt Murdock/Elektra Natchios
Rebecca Barnes/Daisy Johnson
Past Hank Pym/Howard Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Hank Pym
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Quill

