Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve smiled for the cameras as more flashes went off in front of his face. He was starting to see stars dance in front of his eyes but it was part of the show. It must be worse for Tony as his name was on the fundraiser but the thought didn’t help Steve even a little. He knew Tony Stark was the alpha that was born for the masses to adore. Steve Rogers, even after a prolific career as a dancing monkey, had never gotten used to being the center of attention. He bore it with grace and charisma but he had never been the type of alpha who fed on mindless compliments. His self worth did not ride on what the press wrote about him. He had been invited to his friends fundraiser so he would ‘gladly’ attend. The real reason was that Tony had reasonably argued, more famous names in the event meant more media coverage. And Steve really did want to raise money for the prevention of domestic abuse toward omegas. Tony had built safe houses for omegas who needed protection from their abusive spouses or family members. Steve had seen the people in them. Omegas who had nowhere else to go, who had no education or ability to take care of themselves.  Who had been subjected to violence, slavery and rape. Tony gave them shelter, education and protection.And the current event they were all sweating through was to raise money for a very promising line of research into a controversial drug that would allow omegas to control their heat cycles. For all his outward apperance of a casanova, Tony Stark was a man who believed in freedom and despised the abuse the current culture was forcing the omegas into. Steve highly respected that.  Compared to the 40’s, he could see the huge progress in omega rights but the wider access to information had also opened his eyes to the true scope of the abuse omegas went through. So he would smile and bare the attention if it landed that much more credibility into the event that famously controvertial Stark Industries organized. The republicans wouldn’t like that Captain America would be seen supporting the heat supressant drug research but that fact only made his presence in the fundraiser more important. After all Captain America stood for liberty as much as he stood for American tradition.He spoke into the microphone shoved under his nose, sounding calm and collected, trying to relay his geniune belief in the cause. And when he could get away from the suffocating crowd he moved to a secluded corner to breathe for a few minutes. And of course to watch Tony. Tony looked like a million bucks, dressed in his sharpest suit, Pepper looking absolutely breath taking on his arm, with her head inclined to the side a little, her dark blue dress exposing the length of her white slender neck above the deep decoltee as she listened to her alpha speak with confidence. She was the perfect picture of an omega who adored and completely trusted her alpha.It was well known in the business world that one did not mess with Pepper Potts, the omega CEO of Stark Industries who always looked so demure and submissive next to Tony Stark, and who could also rip the metaphorical throat out of any rival companies in the blink of an eye. Right now, in front of the cameras, she was the perfect bland of a strong omega who also held up the traditional values.Steve knew the truth was a little different. Steve knew Tony wouldn’t last a day without her. But also that Pepper had never been and never would be Tony’s omega. He didn’t know why exactly. He had never asked. But an hour in their company and anyone would know what they had was a true bond of friendship rather than the bond between an alpha and an omega. He had attempted to ask Tony if there had ever been anything between them, but Tony had deflected the question and changed the subject. Steve had seen no need to press the issue as it was none of his business.Tony finished his speech with some glib and a little off beat joke, as was expected of him. And of course the reporters looked properly scandalized as was expected of them. Pepper smiled and blushed in the most charming way, Tony gently led her away from the army of reporters, looking satisfied.But Steve did notice the smug look drop off of Tony’s face as soon as his back was turned to the photographers and Tony wiped a bit of sweat from his forehead. He couldn’t hear what they were whispering about over the noise of the crowd but suddenly Pepper leaned into Tony, looking first nervous then terrified.Steve frowned as he watched Pepper try to cover Tony’s trouble and lead him away from the people who tried to shake his hand.  Something was wrong with Tony and it was scaring Pepper badly. She was trying hard to hide it but Steve could tell because by now he knew them both very well. He pushed off the wall he was leaning on to make his way toward them to ask what was wrong but got waylaid by people who wanted to shake the hand of Captain America in return for the donation they had made. He didn’t wan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Verse
D/s
Mentions of non-con
But not on Steve's watch
OOC character due to amnesia
badly written war/fight scenes
Possessive Steve
Jealousy
Pining
Alpha posturing
UST
Dom!Steve
Alpha!Steve
Sub!Tony
omega!Tony
Drama
Happy Ending
Light Angst

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

