Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It began with an idea.
***
"I'm not technically a prisoner," Tony said, once he'd introduced himself, offered Bruce a backhanded compliment, and poured a glass of very good scotch for each of them. Bruce, sitting at the table across from him, cocked his head.
"Funny, 'cause it looks that way to me," he said. He still felt groggy from whatever they'd dosed the Hulk with to put him down, but he was inclined not to smash at the moment. Reconnaissance was important. So was control. 
"No, technically I'm a consultant, and SHIELD's guest," Tony continued, with a dry smile. "Their concession to the fact that I'm famous and powerful and rich, and if I disappeared completely, people would notice."
"But you're still ultimately stuck here," Bruce said, indicating the lab, the two spartan bedrooms beyond, the single bathroom. The blast-proof door. 
"Well, yes, but that's the deal we struck," Tony replied.
"What have they got on you?"
"Who," Tony said. They'd given him a remarkable amount of tech and leeway with it, Bruce saw; Tony's hands danced across a clear readout screen and he swung it around to face Bruce. A pretty redheaded woman was walking down a hallway, past a sign reading STARK INDUSTRIES. 
"Pepper Potts," Bruce said. "I read about her. She's your CEO. She's in on this?"
"Christ, no," Tony replied disdainfully. He looked up at the image of her with something close to worship on his face. "SHIELD saw what happens when I'm given a prison and some tech; they knew better than to just lock me up. She's the hostage."
"Explain this to me," Bruce said. 
"How much do you know about the incident at the Stark Expo?"
"Not a lot," Bruce said.
"SHIELD got hold of her in the confusion. They infected her with a virus -- super-new biotech stuff, cutting edge. It's dormant for now. If I try to leave, they flip the switch and my girlfriend goes bye-bye." 
Bruce stared at him in horror. 
"Nick Fury's very good at psychological warfare," Tony said contemplatively. "It's the same reason you're in this room with me."
Bruce held out his glass. Tony poured out another few fingers of scotch. 
"See, they've got my suit," he continued. "But I set them up; they can't dismantle it without cutting it, and if they cut it, it's rigged to blow, so they can't do jack with it. Same with this baby," he added, tapping his chest. "Try to remove it or access it and the reactor will also blow. I'll die, but I'll take half the carrier with me. So I'm safe. And they think -- "
"You can keep me safe."
"Because you can control it now, right?"
"Mainly."
"They knew that. That's why they brought you in now. If you trigger big green, they flip the switch on Pepper unless I trigger the reactor. In that case, we both go down, but she lives," Tony said.
"She's that important to you?"
"She's everything to me. Don't think I won't kill us both for her." 
"Does she know she's infected?"
Tony was silent, watching the camera angles change as they followed Potts down hallways and through lobbies, into a conference room. He wiped the screen clear. 
"Anyway, they give me all the cool toys and plenty of leisure time to keep Stark Industries afloat with new gadgets. It's not that different from my life before, except I don't get to leave the workshop and I don't get laid. Food's all right, and they let me buy my own booze. Not a bad deal for you either; at least you're in from the cold."
"Calcutta wasn't cold."
"Figuratively speaking. Come on, I'll give you the tour. It's like Candyland up in here."
"More like Mousetrap," Bruce muttered as Tony began showing him around the lab that was now their home. 
But that wasn't the idea.
***
Neither was this:
Steve woke in the little white fake-hospital room and he did try to escape once, but the blast doors were sealed tight. He could have threatened the woman they sent to him, the one they dressed up like a dame from his time and tried to fool him with, but they knew he wouldn't hurt her. There was no point in bluffing. 
She explained to him, kindly, that he could have anything he wanted: books, films, even something called the Internet, whatever that was, but he wasn't at liberty to leave. For national security purposes.
Steve didn't buy that for a hot minute, but he needed time to think this through, and he needed resources before he could try again. 
He asked if they'd give him a real radio, but he didn't listen to it much. The news was incomprehensible, the music just noise, and the talk-radio was mostly obscene. He read history books about the decades he'd slept through, and watched movies that sounded interesting but frequently turned out to be pretty racy. 
He asked for a real prison cell, or at least a different room, but they wouldn't agree. So he spent his days in the big steel room, and at night he slept in the little white room with the fake decor, like some kind of purgatory for his sins. 
They knew what would happen if they tried to transfer him. 
He had food. He had some workout equipm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Prison
Imprisonment
Wrongful Imprisonment
Canadian Shack
Outlaws
Reformed Loki
Chitauri - Freeform
Tesseract
NUKES...IN...SPAAAAAACE
Prison Breaks

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

