Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
“That was... not the result I was hoping for.” Bruce frowned, double-checking his readout.
“Are you sure you’re picking up the right signature? If you recalibrate the ICP spectrometer for the second isotope—”
Tony was interrupted by a loud BANG! and a thick cloud of smoke that permeated the room. He and Bruce both coughed loudly, covering their faces. Bruce tried to clear the air ineffectually by waving his hands until Tony turned on the high-powered vacuum system hidden in the ceiling—this was a laboratory after all.
Once the smoke cleared, Tony and Bruce found that they had one more person in the lab than they started with, and he was sprawled on the ground at the center of the explosion.
He couldn’t believe it. For one of the few moments in his life, Tony Stark was speechless. His own father appeared in front of him, coughing and trying to brush off the dust on his lab coat as he stood up. Tony cleared his throat and opened his mouth to say something—anything—when the door burst open behind him.
“What’s the situation? We heard a bigger-than-usual explosion coming from in here,” said Natasha, striding confidently into the room and suited up for a mission. Clint was immediately behind her, bow in hand and quiver strapped to his back, on full alert.
She stopped in her tracks when she saw who Tony and Bruce were gaping at. Tony knew she’d seen the SHIELD file on Howard Stark, complete with pictures. She knew exactly what his dad looked like in his mid-sixties. “Well, this is unexpected.”
“You’re telling me,” said Bruce.
“I’d like to know what’s going on,” Clint said, trying to maneuver himself between his teammates and the intruder.
There were only a few explanations for this, and Tony had a feeling he knew what this one was. “Time travel,” he croaked weakly, unable to get much more out.
It was then that Steve marched through the lab doors, all suited up except the cowl and blindly asking, “Is everyone alright in here? I contacted Thor, he’s on his way.”
Upon seeing the visitor, Cap, too, stopped in his tracks. It took him a moment, the stranger’s face more lined and world-weary with age, but there was no way he could mistake that face.
He made to speak, but their inter-temporal trespasser beat him to the punch. “S-Steve? Steve Rogers, is that you?”
“Howard?” Steve cried, a look of wonder breaking across his face. He stepped forward quickly and embraced Howard without hesitation, who returned the gesture easily, patting Steve on the back.
“I thought you were dead, pal.”
“I thought you were dead, too,” Steve returned with a friendly jibe.
It was then that Tony regained his senses and knew he needed to get out of there. A time-travelling father? It was kind of terrifying. It made him want to find Pepper and stave off the incipient panic—what if Howard took the company and all he had built away from him? More than anything, he need time to deal with how chummy Steve and his dad were, just minutes after Howard’s arrival.
Tony piped up from the wall he found himself against, interrupting the moment abruptly so that Steve and Howard jerked apart. “Well, it’s been fun, gotta go talk to Pepper! Cap, you’re in charge of babysitting until I get back. All of you,” he pointed at the team, “don’t do anything I wouldn’t do and don’t tell him anything, especially nothing about himself or his family. Got it?” They had better get it—this was not a conversation he was ready for. “And the internet is off-limits until I can set the permission protocols to ‘things that won’t fuck up the space-time continuum.’ Seriously, don’t even try it.” Walking out quickly, he called over his shoulder, “And find out what year he’s from, will you?”
“It’s October, 1983!” Howard shouted to his retreating back, but Tony didn’t hear it, the automatic doors sliding closed and his form already retreating down the hallway.
 
Tony’s heart was racing as he took the elevator down to Pepper’s office. He strolled past the receptionist’s desk, easily blocked out her protests of “Ms. Potts is taking a call, Mr. Stark!” and made a note to have her fired because seriously? He was the Chairman of Stark Industries and he could interrupt his CEO any time he wanted. (Pepper was downright scary when he interrupted her in the middle of something important so he usually didn’t, but this was an emergency so he figured she wouldn’t be too upset if he barged in.)
Which he promptly did, throwing open the door to Pepper’s office to find her on the phone with a serious look on her face. He sat down at her desk and reached for the switch hook at the same time she grabbed the phone and held it close to her, silently glaring at Tony.
“Uh huh. That’s great, thank you. I’m running late to another meeting but I’ll be in touch with you soon. Send me the marketing designs by tomorrow.” She put the receiver on the hook and before she could even ask what was wrong, Tony was out of the gate.
“My father, yes my father is downstairs in my lab 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Family Issues
Child Abuse
Child Neglect
Fix-It
Second Chances
Time Travel
Daddy Issues
Established Relationship
Family

fandom: 
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

