Chapter 1: Beginnings
    




Chapter Text
       “Alright,” Loki said in a delighted, simmering voice. 
He gripped the hair of the tortured man and jerked his head back in a clanking of chains, drawing a moan out of him. 
 “Let's start again. From the top.” * Like all stories, this one had several beginnings. Perhaps it began with his oldest memory. He was just a little boy then. Father had been telling his beloved sons about the monsters growling in the dark; about blue skin and red eyes, and everlasting winter, spring thieves, death bringers. And Thor had yelled, “I'll slay them all!” His child's voice had echoed in the immense room like an omen of the booming it would become. Loki had said nothing. He, the Silvertongue, the God of Lies, was nearly mute in his youth.But his resolution had flamed inside him, coiled in his belly like lava. No, I will. With the unsinkable assurance of the young, he had had a vision of himself holding the Universe in his cupped hands. He felt his power-to-be vibrate in his veins. He had a destiny. He could feel it then. He would accomplish great things – make the ones he loved proud; and the ones the hated, envious. Or perhaps it began with his first lover. He was just a young man then, and she was much older and much more experienced than him. He could see a repressed laugh in the corner of her mouth as he struggled against his own body; a few minutes of shameful caresses did nothing to improve the situation; in the end, as though she was tired of mocking him, she took him in her mouth and made him come. Loki hated every second of it. His pleasure had been but a fleeting sparkle; the loss of control, though, was firmly embedded in his memory. It had been consensual, yet he felt violated.For a very long time, he refused any form of intimacy, hating even the embraces of his mother, as though his body had been irreparably tainted with sex. So perhaps it began with his second lover. By then, Loki had come to terms with the fact that he must fail in order to learn. He was very methodical – very cold – with the young stable boy who had found his way into the prince's bed; he didn't want to lose control again; and when he realized that his body was much more obedient, he was extremely pleased. He tried to make the boy lose control in turn, like a revenge against his previous lover; and when he actually succeeded, the thrill that flashed through him had nothing to do with an orgasm. Not a physical one, at least. The memory of his own shame, of his embarrassment, of his base pleasure – and the thought that he'd just inflicted this ordeal on someone else; that made him shudder in carnivorous bliss.Then the adrenaline seeped away and he was suddenly ghastly frightened with himself. He stared at the stable boy panting on the bed; nothing on his face but a beatific smile. Yet Loki felt ashamed, almost terrified, as though he had committed some terrible crime. It also began with his first war. Loki fought like his mother had taught him to fight. Thor despised magic and sneak attacks; he lived for head-front charges and thunder bolts. It was Loki who saved them both in the end, though, and the joy he felt was pure and unadulterated this time. There was no shame in a warrior's pride. The love he had felt for conquest and victory as a young boy flamed bright inside him again.For the first time, he seriously thought of the throne. It began with his third war and fifth lover and fourth war and eleventh lover. It began with the realization that he couldn't help seeking reparation every time he thought himself scorned. He did not want the throne – not really. But somehow, everything Loki did was dismissed, or so he felt. His magic? Tricks. His fighting? Woman's moves. He took the other route like he always did. Since Thor's voice was booming and commanding, Loki's would be quiet and smooth. Coiling around other's minds until they did as they were told. He took great pleasure in his ability to deceive. In the end, it was the same as smashing people with a hammer; only more subtle, more elegant. But he only got called Liesmith for it.Did they not all lie, though?It was at this point that he began to build his house.At first, it was only a cabin in the great fields, where he could hear the packs of bilgesnipes in the distance. He would teleport there every time he found himself in need of a bit of quietness. Then he added spells into the walls to shield them from Heimdall's gaze. He laced more magic inside the door so it would open only for him. He carved in transportation spells, so he wouldn't have to cast one every time he wanted to travel. He enlarged the room and made it into a library, which he would fill with everything he discovered as he roamed the Universe like the free, nearly omnipotent god he was. Before he knew it, the house was growing, and each room was another piece of the world he claimed to himself; each piece a revenge against the world ignoring his brilliance. It began the day
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki & Thor
Loki & JARVIS
Loki & Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Warning: Loki
not exactly Safe Sane and Consensual
more like Unsafe Insane and Sensual
BDSM - Freeform
D/s
Submissive!Clint
Dominant!Loki
sub!clint
Dom!Loki
Explicit Sexual Content
Porn With Plot
Smut
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Bondage
Whipping
Gags
Blindfolds
Painplay
Hair-pulling
Slapping
Asphyxiation
Masturbation
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Leashes
Begging
Cock Rings
Forced Orgasm
Humiliation
Sex Machines
Sexual Torture
Cages
Vibrators
Subspace
Domspace
Denial
Refusal
Aftermath of Fuck or Die
Self-Loathing
Trust Issues
TONS AND TONS OF SEX
also angst
Loki Angst
So much angst
The God of Chaos has disturbing fantasies
Thank God Barton shares most of them
Thor is trying his best
Jarvis is one upgrade away from turning into a Robot Overlord
What the fuck is Clint thinking
Odin's A+ Parenting
Loki Feels
Clint Feels
BAMF JARVIS
BAMF Phil Coulson
Bloodplay
Knifeplay
Breathplay
Tickling
Sounding
Cock & Ball Torture
Heat Torture
Shaving
Dehumanization
Objectification

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Loki
Loki & Thor
Loki & JARVIS
Loki & Phil Coulson

