Chapter 1: this place is not a place of honor
    




Chapter Text
Rosencrantz: That's it, then, is it? The sun's going down. Or the earth's coming up, as the fashionable theory has it. Not that it makes any difference. What was it all about? When did it begin? Couldn't we just stay put? I mean no one is going to come on and drag us off... They'll just have to wait. We're still young...fit...we've got years... (a cry) We've done nothing wrong! We didn't harm anyone. Did we?
Guildenstern: I can't remember.
Rosencrantz: (pulls himself together) All right, then. I don't care. I've had enough. To tell you the truth, I'm relived.  (And he disappears from view.  Guildenstern does not notice.)
Guildenstern:  Our names shouted in a certain dawn...a message...a summons... There must have been a moment, at the beginning, where we could have said—no. But somehow we missed it.-Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead What makes up a life; events or the recollection of events?
How much of recollection is invention?
Whose invention?-Jeanette Winterson, Art & Lies  
2015It takes Steve a long time to find the secret entrance.(Secret entrance—god, the absurdity of it: it's not like he isn't faced with absurdities every day on the job, but something about the cleverly concealed door and the honest-to-god escape chute, the ludicrous economy of it, makes him want to laugh and maybe not stop. Of course there'd be a secret entrance; you couldn't walk the Winter Soldier through an active banking firm. He wonders whether HYDRA execs ever had to be brought in the back way, a bunch of old men in their crisp suits trying to climb down a metal ladder with any dignity at all.)Steve's here because the silent alarm tripped. Not the one in the bank proper, but the backdoor, the one that sent an alert to a HYDRA dropbox, one of many Natasha's sent Steve the codes for over the last eight months. He's expecting the general structure he finds in the basement of the bank, because minor variations aside, HYDRA's pretty predictable about their architecture, but—Steve's been cracking a lot of bases; he's got this. And usually they're an anticlimax: empty, stripped, empty, one confused secretary, empty. It's troubling or weird about a third of the time, but the emptiness makes those instances almost more sad than distressing. A rack of test tubes, one spilling its contents onto a nearby pipette as if its user had dropped both in a panic. The twisted bodies of things that might've been dogs, some with too much skin for their bones, some with too many bones for their skin. A room perforated with a frankly ridiculous number of bullet holes, but no sign of human damage. Rows and rows of cages holding twenty-two dead mice, nine dead monkeys, and one live badger. A wall covered in photographs of children, front and side like mugshots, every single one of them blue-eyed. Steve had been starting to think he'd be ready for anything to greet him inside the next bunker.He's not ready for this.The room isn't a surprise; many of the larger bases have a workshop, power tools on the walls, usually a good welding kit. The blood startles him, but only because it's so fresh. He can smell how coppery-sharp it is from the hall, so whatever triggered the alarm probably also triggered the blood, in one way or another. The circular saw in the middle of the room looks as though someone's upended a bucket of red paint onto it, and it's spread halfway to the stairs, helped along by what looks like a dozen separate sets of footprints. One set is bare, each toe clearly defined.Mostly, though, it's the five HYDRA goons in white hazmat suits, clustered around a chunk of something that might have been human this morning, taking pictures with their smartphones. One of them has a pink sparkly case with a kitten charm dangling from it. Steve makes an incredulous noise, and they all look up. One of them says, “Oh shit.”The ensuing fight is more like bowling. After stashing the unconscious goons in the janitor's closet, Steve investigates the scene.It takes him a minute to put the pieces together, but when he does, he has to go sit in the doorway for a while with his head in his hands.And then, when he thinks he can manage words, he calls Sam. 
 
19??“Come on, Joe DiMaggio, put your money where your mouth is!” 
1990Murray's dozing above his overflowing desk, jerking awake every so often to bitch about bureaucracy and the perfidiousness of paperwork, while the Soldier looks over his file for the hundredth time. It's not like he has anything better to do, or any more interesting reading material, unless he wants to re-read Murray's gardening magazines or dig out the stultifying user manual for the new flamethrower that's functionally indistinguishable from the last model, and honestly he'd rather shoot himself in the foot. They're waiting for HQ's approval of a mission they sent down the tubes weeks ago, the one for which somebody conveniently forgot to include authorizatio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Violence
Gore
Medical Trauma
Self-Harm
Torture
Amputation
Suicide
Consent Issues
Identity Issues
what is identity anyway
Amnesia
Feeding Tubes
Recovery
Fluff
Cuddling
the author has not been entirely replaced by a pod person
Unreliable Narrator
too many literary references
Moral Ambiguity
intravenous drug use

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)

