Chapter 1: Time to meet (for real)
    




Chapter Text
It must be a joke, right ?What the heck that guy was doing here ? Wasn't he supposed be somewhere in that jungle called Wakanda ?Tony thought that she have been through a lot already: Afghanistan, New York, Sokovia... But the last blow of the so-called “Civil War” have been a mind wrecking mess that she almost didn't get through. But she did, because Rhodey needed an engineer for his braces, because there were others, in the world, who were different and needed to be protected. Because even after all of this, that damn whole mess, she wouldn't -she couldn't- let that scumbag called Ross win.Which didn't mean she wasn't still mad at his so-called teammates, Rogers in peculiar. Her rage against Barnes had faded, her reason have token over her anger to forced her to understand that Barnes was also a victim. She get it, really. But if the guy could stay away from her, it would be lovely, thank a lot.Guys from the 40's weren't lovely, apparently.Otherwise, he wouldn't have been here, looking as kicked lost puppy under the rain, pleading her with his eyes from the other side of the french windows. She debates with herself during few seconds if the armor was necessary before decided against it. If he started a fight, Ross will knew it, send special op and find a way to accuse her for the presence of the Winter Soldier on US soil.And her Tower will be destroyed (again). The works just ended.She let out a loud sight before asking FRIDAY to open the window.He didn't come in immediately. Actually he stayed there for two good minutes looking at her like she was some kind of bomb ready to explode. It was not new for her, to be watched this way: her teachers, Howard, Fury, hell, even Rhodey sometimes have watched her like that, when she was on her science binge, unable to understand that other peoples just don't understand what she was doing. She always have been a wildcard, unpredictable beyond anything.The only time she tried to act responsible, adult, a guy planned and succeed at tearing the team apart, manipulating her, and her feelings. And the worst was that it was still the same. Rogers and his damned flip phone can go to hell, she knew the difference between “I am sorry I hurt you” and “I am sorry you got hurt”.And she had enough, also. She was fed up of being the bad guy, the actual villain that plays in the shadows only to be the misery of the Avengers. And if Barnes, from all of people, thought he could judge her, he could just go back to the jungle under the panther's care. She was done with them.So she gave her back to him, tired to wait after anyone acceptance and went to coffee maker, wondering how long Rogers and King Mufasa would try to hide the fact that they loose the Winter Soldier. She poured himself a cup, smiling at the though of Rogers freaking out because of his best friend disappearance. “-I'm sorry.”She turned back, looking at the super soldier in surprise. He looked even more miserable than before, trying shrunk himself like a little boy scolding by his parents.“-What for ?” she asked, trying to not feeling too much pity for him. Because she was not ready to saw him as anything but the face that killed her mother but also because it was not what he needed.He looked at him, startled, forgetting during a second his victim attitude. It was just a glimpse, but the quick, curious reaction was not one of the Winter Soldier nor of a victim.“-For, hum..., your parents ?” He said, looked ready to protect himself from a blow. Tony sighed, aware that she won't be able to escape that discussion.
“-It wasn't you. You were just the arm. Nothing to be sorry for.” She was acting nonchalant, like that story wasn't a deep cut in her chest that still burned like hell.
Barnes seemed abashed by it, staring at her like she was mad. Well, she kind of was.
“-I know I reacted badly to the news (an euphemism) but -she sighed- I processed it now. You weren't yourself, and OK, I get it, I know how torture can change someone. I shouldn't have tried to kill you -she wasn't sorry about Rogers, though, not even in ten years-. If you talk about the fight, well, once your were under the sokovian psycho so... -she shrugged, not sure about what say to a wiped-mind-assassin-, for the airport well, no offense, but it's between Rogers and me, you were just in the middle, sorry. And for our last encounter... well I was the one who have been manipulated – and not only by Zemo, but she kept it to herself- you were protecting yourself, sorry about the arm, by the way.”It was Rogers, Rogers who told her nothing about her parents, Rogers who gave her hell about keeping secrets, Rogers put that shield in her reactor, Rogers who let her die there, alone in the cold of an Hydra siberian bunker, Rogers who though that a stupid letter false repenting and a flip phone would be enough, Rogers who let her dealing alone with Ross, 117 very pissed countries, the damages caused and the medias 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson

