Work Text:
Thor barely looked at Loki, his attention on the mortals and their city, before he twisted the handle of the Tesseract’s containment vessel.  Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.He was on one knee and would have fallen if not for the scepter in his hand.  Scepter?Confused, he slowly rose to his feet, staring at the weapon in his hand.“Sir,” came a very familiar voice.  “Please put down the spear.”Loki stared in disbelief, but only for a moment.  Then he thrust the scepter forward and an energy bolt flew out to explode against a bank of equipment.This time, he would not fail.**Thor barely looked at Loki, his attention on the mortals and their city, before he twisted the handle of the Tesseract’s containment vessel.  Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.He nearly fell; the Hulk had broken his right arm the third time and it was agony to hold the weight of the scepter.“Sir,” Nick Fury began.Loki thrust the scepter forward and fired before he could finish the sentence, howling with pain and rage.**Thor didn’t look at Loki at all.  Loki cringed in anticipation as Thor twisted the handle of the Tesseract’s containment vessel.  Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.He killed Nick Fury by driving the point of the scepter through his throat and left with Barton, Selvig, and the other man.Agent Hill shot him in the back of the head.**Thor kept his gaze on Loki, barely acknowledging the others.  Loki wanted nothing more than to scream for him to stop.  He twisted the handle.  Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.“Sir.  Please put down the spear.”Every time someone mentioned Banner, Loki flinched.  That time, Hulk broke all of his ribs.**Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.He almost won that time.Almost.Fury, Hill, Barton, and Romanov were dead; Captain America was unconscious and bleeding before the Hulk came to put an end to Loki’s victory.**Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.He killed everyone in the room and sat down to wait for the research center to implode.  It was hopeless.Thor dug him out.**Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.“Sir.  Please put down the spear.”“I’m in Hell,” Loki muttered, ignoring the mortals around him.  “This is Hell.  Your entire Realm is nothing but the most frustrating Hell in all the Nine Realms!  Give me Muspelheim, Jotunheim even, over this horrid Realm!”The guards panicked and opened fire.Loki discovered what it felt like to be shot over two hundred times.**Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.“Sir.  Please put down-”“ENOUGH!” Loki screamed.  He destroyed the lab and tossed aside everyone who got in his way.  In a stolen Jeep, he drove out into the desert until the vehicle ran out of fuel.  Then he sat on the hood and watched the sunrise.He waited.  It was quiet and peaceful in the desert.“You’re late,” Loki said crossly when Thor found him.Thor frowned at him.  “How did you know I was coming?”“You’ve already tried to take me back to Asgard one hundred and eleven times.  I’ve counted.”Thor blinked and looked concerned.  “Brother…are you well?”“Just get it over with.”**Everything dissolved into brilliant blue light and Loki felt himself pulled, stretched, and then thrown back into reality with the force of a blow.“Sir.  Please put down the spear.”Loki went through the motions.  There was little else for him to do and he’d become so used to it that it was routine.  Barton, Selvig.  Steal the Jeep, shoot down the helicopter and know that Fury would, infuriatingly, walk away from the wreckage.
Barton needed an eyeball.Loki was very tired of eyeballs.  He considered that at some point along the line, he actually had gone mad.  How many times had he had this conversation? “What is SHIELD doing with the Tesseract?” he asked Barton almost absently.“Making weapons,” Barton answered without hesitation.Thoughtfully, Loki turned back down the corridor to where Selvig was working on the Tesseract.  “What kind of weapons?”The Hulk didn’t catch him that time, which was a relief because he was still healing from the last time Hulk had thrown him through the wall of Stark’s tower and he’d landed on the street below.  Mjolnir
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time loop fic
Loki goes to Vegas
Steve is a good guy
But he has issues too
groundhog day fic
where The Avengers movie is like Groundhog day for Loki
trope: groundhog day
this fic is not a sex ed lesson

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers

