Chapter 1: New York
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
EICHEN HOUSE

Part of Stiles has always felt...responsible. Actually, it wasn’t just a feeling, it was knowledge. The mess that was his life really only took off the moment winter break of his sophomore year ended, and there was really no one to blame but himself. He was the one who dragged Scott out of the house that last night before they went back to school, and he was the one who left him in the woods after his Dad found him. 

So yeah, this was his fault.

It’s sad to say, but waking up in the basement of Eichen House, his hands zip-tied to the handles of the folding chair he was laying on, was when he officially realized what the hell he had done. His heart had skipped a beat when he saw Malia lying lifeless in the chair next to him, the terror trapped in her eyes that were now glazed over, a hole in the side of head. Trepanation. That’s what Oliver had done.

His nose crinkled as Stiles struggled in the chair, his body twisting and turning as he tried to break his restraints, but he was weak. This whole ordeal with the Nogitsune made him weaker than he already was. It was no use. Malia was dead because of him, and now he was going to die too. 

“Stiles,” He froze as the giggly voice filled the silence. “I am so, so, 

so 

happy you’re awake!” His eyes trailed across the room, landing on the person standing in the corner. Oliver was trembling, a psychotic smile on his face. “We are going to have so much fun!” His smile grew. There was blood splattered on his face and Stiles felt like he was gonna puke. “Malia was fun, but she died,” His lips folded into a pout. “But I think I know what I’m doing now, don’t worry! You probably won’t die...I hope.” 

He took a step towards the restrained teen, which was all Stiles need to full-on freak out. He was twisting and turning in the chair, willing for the zip-ties to just 

freaking 

break! “Oliver, this isn’t you!” He yelled, his voice dry. “Please!” His voice broke in the middle, his pleas borderline hysterical. Oliver was right next to him now, seemingly unaffected by his screams. “Please man, don’t do this,” The possessed teenager paid him no mind, placing his hand on the side of Stiles’ face, pushing roughly until his head turned to the side. “Nononono, please! Stop!” He squeezed his eyes closed, trying to suppress his tears. Beside him, the drill buzzed to life. “Nononono please!” He screamed in agony as he felt the drill make contact with the side of his head. 

“No!”

-

The world was hazy, that’s pretty much all he knew at the moment. He felt...like he wasn’t fully there. What happened? He blinked a few times until the world came into focus, but there wasn’t much to see, it was dark anyway. 

He felt like he had the world’s worst headache. The only time he had felt like this when after Lydia poisoned the punch at her party with wolfsbane and when Stiles had chugged a whole entire bottle of vodka when he was trying to cheer Scott up after Allison. But, he knows he didn’t drink any alcohol, so what the hell happened? Slowly, he sat up, his whole body aching as he pulled himself into a sitting position. He rubbed his sore wrists, noting the purple lines that made a ring around them, but at the moment, he couldn’t figure out what did that to them. He took a deep breath, now noticing the uncomfortable feeling of something...dripping, lack for a better term, down the side of his head. 

“What the hell?” Was all that he could mutter, even though it felt like his mouth was full of cotton. He brought his fingers up, caressing the side of his neck, feeling perturbed by the thick substance that was coating his fingers. His eyebrows furrowed as he looked at his hand, his heart dropping when he found that it was blood coating his fingers. He felt sick, and he couldn’t remember why. His hand was on his head now, looking for the source of the bleeding.

He wished he never found it.

As soon as his fingers grazed over the hole in his head, the memories rushed back to Stiles. Suddenly, it felt like he couldn’t breathe. How was he still alive? Why wasn’t he still strapped to the chair of death? He shot up, ignoring how he felt a head rush. Spinning around, he was once again greeted with the sight of Malia lying limp in the chair beside his, her position never moving. Where the hell was Oliver? 

Well, he didn’t actually want the question answered. All he knew was that he needed to get out of there before he came back. He turned around, the world moving with him, causing Stiles to freeze. How was he gonna get out of here when he was pretty sure he was dying?  He took a slow step forward, attempting to keep his balance. The side of his shirt was damp, and he didn’t want to think about what substance was responsible for that. 

He took a deep breath, trying to keep the panic at bay, he could do this. “Stiles,” The voice was almost a whisper. Stiles wanted to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stiles Stilinski & The Avengers
Stiles Stilinski/Lydia Martin
Stiles Stilinski & Scott McCall
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
post mid 3b
Post Avengers
Hurt!Stiles
depressed!Stiles
Teen Wolf/The Avengers crossover
Lots of Angst
Angst
Angry Stiles Stilinski
Hurt Stiles Stilinski
Emotional Hurt
Physical hurt
Teen Wolf
Tony still has his arc reactor
Phil Coulson is alive
BAMF!Stiles
Tony Stark Has A Heart
post im3
Post CA:TWS
pre age of ultron
Stiles Stilinski Has An Arc Reactor
smart!stiles
superhero!Stiles
Stony if you squint

fandom: 
Stiles Stilinski & The Avengers
Stiles Stilinski/Lydia Martin
Stiles Stilinski & Scott McCall
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

