Work Text:
It had finally been long enough that Bucky could say, with some confidence, that Steve’s apartment was his home as well.It’d taken some cajoling to convince him to move in, and even after he’d reluctantly agreed, it had taken a long while before he’d been able to say the words  my apartment  without feeling like a liar who needed to find a window to escape out of.  Still.  His toothbrush was in the cup next to Steve’s, his clothes were in a dresser in a room that belonged to no one but him, he slept every night in a bed tucked right up against the wall. Nestled into the corner, metal hand beneath his pillow and wrapped around a knife.  Listening for movement in the other room to tell him if Steve was alive.Sometimes, when Steve was sleeping, Bucky would pad down the short hallway to his bedroom and peer inside to make sure he was breathing.  He always was.  This did not stop surprising him.  He would stand in the doorway and watch the motion of Steve’s back as he breathed, the way his muscles moved beneath his thin t-shirt, and he would try to slow his own inhalations to match him.  Sometimes it would take a longer than a couple seconds, but once he was satisfied with this proof of life, he would retreat to his room on silent feet and curl up again in his now-cold bed to sleep without difficulty.  He figured it was fairly harmless, as coping mechanisms went.  That is, until Steve caught him in the act of checking. This was very embarrassing until Steve beckoned to him with a sleepy “C’mere ’n quit lurking,” and pulled the blankets back to give Bucky room to slip in beside him, hand patting the empty spot at his side.  Bucky took the invitation after a brief moment’s hesitation, leaning back carefully against the headboard.  His limbs were long and graceful and more strong than he could easily predict; sometimes he had to move slowly so that he knew he would be completely in control.“D’worry,” Steve said, eyes already closed again, hand curled loosely where it was resting on his pillow next to his face.  “Won’t touch you or anythin’.”Bucky lay there in the dark and thought about that, about the other times in their lives that they had done this.  The thin slice of light from the hallway that cut through the gap in the doorway illuminated his metal hand as it lay, palm up, in his lap.  It glittered when he curled and uncurled his fingers.Whether it had truly been for warmth or if he’d had ulterior motives at the time, Bucky didn’t know now, but they’d spent most of their winters in the same bed.  He liked to think he’d been completely altruistic, but the parts that he remembered most clearly (Steve’s breath against his throat, Steve’s hand on the small of his back or his stomach, their legs intertwined, Bucky’s body doing its best to surround Steve’s) weren’t about charity or even conservation of energy.  In all his memories, he’d just really liked sleeping next to Steve.He touched his mouth with his cool left fingertips and thought about his half-open lips just barely brushing the nape of Steve’s neck as they lay with one of Bucky’s arms slung around his tiny waist.Steve of the present — who was all muscle, now, muscle and the same perfect bow of his lips —  made a soft sound in his sleep, almost a sigh, and Bucky watched him through half-lidded eyes.  He watched him, and eventually he slid down the bed until he was lying down, and when sleep came to take him, it was with Steve’s name in his mouth.  Curled under his tongue, where it tasted both familiar and inevitable. 
 “Sorry about last night,” Bucky said over breakfast, hands wrapped around the coffee mug with the chip in the rim.Steve waved him off with a sort of embarrassed smile, not meeting Bucky’s eyes as he poured milk into his cereal bowl.  “Don’t sweat it,” he said. “Not a big deal.”“I mean, I was staring at you while you were sleeping,” Bucky pointed out.Steve shot him an amused glance.  “That’s only, like, level five creepy,” he said.  “You don’t need to apologize until maybe level seven.”Bucky raised an eyebrow.  “What’s level seven?  Taking upskirt photos?”“Or stealing my underwear,” Steve agreed, and they only managed to keep straight faces for a couple seconds before they both cracked up.“Christ,” Bucky giggled, rubbing his eye with the heel of his hand. 
 That night, Bucky was pulling on a hoodie he’d stolen from Steve when Steve paused in his doorway, leaning against the frame.“What’s up,” Bucky said, putting his hands in the huge middle pocket.“I was thinking,” Steve said, and then stopped.Bucky just looked at him.  “That sounds out of character.  Do you see my pajama pants…?”Steve wordlessly pointed at where they were draped over the back of Bucky’s desk chair, so Bucky walked over to them and undid his fly, feeling the weight of Steve’s gaze on him as he pulled the zipper down and shoved them off his hips.  When he looked up, though, jeans in a puddle at his ankles, Steve had looked away with a pink flush creeping down his thr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Touch-Starved
Sharing a Bed
mlm author
Jewish Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

