Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark did his best to keep his eyes open.  Really.  He did.  Which was more than he could say for Thor, who had no compunctions about just folding his arms on the table, burying his head in them, and dropping straight off to sleep.  Everyone ignored that fact, despite the snoring, because debriefings that did not involve Thor were usually faster, more efficient and a lot less painful.It was not fair, as far as Tony was concerned, that he  had to stay awake and Thor could be lolling around, head down and possibly drooling when he wasn't actively snoring.  Of course, he was ninety percent certain that Clint Barton was also asleep, just with his eyes open, because he hadn't seen the man blink in like the last fifteen minutes, and he'd been watching.  Watching carefully.And yes, maybe he should stop staring at Barton, because really, to everyone else, that must be creepy.Tony went back to pretending that he gave a damn about what Fury was talking about.  He did not.  Oh, God, he did not, because it all boiled down to the fact that none of them had died, human casualties were extremely limited, and had tapered off almost completely once they'd shown up, thank you very much, and Tony really did not care about property damage.  Property damage could go screw itself, he was completely unconcerned with property damage.These little lectures on Fury's part just made him want to blow shit up, and that would just compound the problem.Phil Coulson slipped through the door, drawing the attention of everyone who wasn't asleep, including Clint, so that put paid to Tony's theory, or maybe, because of their relationship, Hawkeye had a Coulson early warning system of some sort.  That would be nice.  Tony hated it when Coulson snuck upon him, and the guy was a freakin' ninja, really, he just appeared, perfectly pressed suit and shined shoes and that little half smile that always translated to 'I know what you're up to, Stark, and my taser has a fresh charge.  Don't push me.'Today, after thirty-six hours of no sleep, limited rest, three consecutive disasters and a trip to medical, even Phil was looking a bit rough.  His jacket was gone, his shirt sleeves rolled up to his elbows, his left arm in a sling and there was a pretty impressive tear down his right leg.  Underneath, a hint of a white bandage could be seen, and Tony was pretty sure it was blood-stained.Still, he glanced around the table, eyes checking on each one of them, even as he moved forward.  Silently, he put an envelope down in front of Fury and took a step back from the table.Without even pausing in his explanation of why letting buildings go squish was bad, Fury reached inside his coat, pulled out a lighter, picked up the envelope, and lit it on fire.Tony blinked.  He glanced to the side, and Steve was looking back at him.  As one, they both shrugged, and looked back at Fury, who was dropping the charred remains into a nearby ashtray.  Clint choked on a snort of what was probably laughter.  Natasha sighed, low and breathy, a little amused and a little disdainful.Coulson reached inside his sling and pulled out another envelope, sliding it across the tabletop towards Fury with one precise finger.  Fury lit that one on fire, too.  He was still talking about collateral damage to the UN building, and no one, absolutely no one, cared.  Natasha was just shaking her head, and Clint was smirking and Thor was snoring, and Bruce had propped his chin on one fist, his eyes narrowed at the spectacle of charred paper ash floating through the air.After the fifth envelope went up in flames and Tony was starting to wonder just how much stationary that Coulson had jammed into his sling, Steve interrupted Fury with a tense, “I'm sorry, sir, but this is a little distracting.  What, exactly, is going on here?”“It's the 'Coulson is resigning and Fury is declining to accept said resignation' dance,” Clint said, arms folded across his chest.  “It plays out a little differently every time, but still.  It's a beautiful piece of choreography, isn't it?”Tony straightened up in his chair.  “Resigning?”“Don't get your hopes up, Stark,” Fury said, shaking the most recent envelope to encourage it to burn faster.  They were now chain burning resignations, Coulson providing the newest before the previous one even finished burning, so Fury was lighting one off the previous one.  “Agent Coulson likes to forget that he's got a lifetime contract with SHIELD.”“That is because contracts that you convince agents to sign while drunk at the Agency Holiday party are not actually legally binding,” Phil said, “no matter what the legal team likes to think.  Just because you put it on SHIELD letterhead, if it reads more like something signed at the crossroads of a country road at midnight after a battle for a golden fiddle, it is not going to hold up in court.”“We haven't tested that theory yet.”  Fury grinned.  “You want to be the first one?”“Director, it includes a clause that e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Humor
Fluff
Relationship Issues
Family Issues

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

