Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 After the Battle of Hogwarts on May 2, 1998, the Wizarding World was on the brink of a supernova. It was chaos, the first few days after Voldemort's death; many Death Eater's had escaped before they could be captured, the giants that survived had to be relocated and put under 24 hours surveillance, the Dementors that were loose across the country had to be rounded up and sent back to Azkaban, and the persecution of the werewolves that had sided with Voldemort. The senior Order members only had that night to rest and compose themselves before they started the larger battle of overhauling the Ministry.They knew it would be difficult and, unsurprisingly, encountered multiple problems and setbacks. The Wizengamot was the first to be overhauled, 1) because a fraction of the members had been killed/died during the war and 2) Voldemort had placed his supporters in positions of power. Kingsley cleaned house as soon as he became acting Minister. Many of the departments had to be temporarily suspended so the manpower could go into rebuilding the foundation of the Ministry. Many worried about the power Kingsley was taking; some even went as far as likening him to a new Voldemort, the way he was changing everything without votes, but the Order and the DA threw their support behind him to reform the government. The Daily Prophet was suspended, pending criminal investigations by the Aurors for their part in the promotion of capturing muggle-borns. All known Death Eaters were given trials to plead their case but, ultimately, they were all found guilty and sent to Azkaban, which was in the process of becoming Dementor free.Kingsley relied on his comrades for support, Rynan being the most popular and outspoken of the group. Though she didn't like it, she knew if she threw her support behind Kingsley, the rest of Britain would follow without question. This dissuaded a large section of the opposition. Who would argue against the Woman Who Conquered?The first week was a complete tornado. The remaining Order members met to outline the major reconstruction zones that Wizarding Britain needed to be able to function as smoothly as possible: Reform the Wizengamot with elected officials, sentence and raid known Death Eater homes, get DMLE up and running again, send aid to Hogwarts for rebuilding, track down all muggle-born and half-bloods that were on the run and get them settled, rebuild Diagon Alley, goblin Relation (this was something everyone was looking forward to, especially since the Order were known supporters of Rynan and she not only broke in to Gringotts but escaped as well), and re-establish contact with the Muggle Prime Minister.Many of them needed to be accomplished before September 1 to ensure their children's schooling wasn't further compromised. All those who missed the previous year were given the option to take summer courses at Beaubaxton free of charge, or they could return to Hogwarts to make up that year. Madame Maxime was actually the one to offer her school for the summer. Many of the muggle-borns took up the offer, needing to get out of England indefinitely. They had been scarred beyond imagining and Rynan was sure many would never come back, she wasn't even sure if she would stay herself. Right now she had a purpose, but once that purpose was fulfilled, could she stay?Kingsley reestablished contact with the Prime Minister and with Rynan at his side, he was able to explain the war and the resolution and reform that has been taking place since the beginning of May. He highlighted all they were doing to get their world up and running again. The PM was actually the one to bring the Queen's attention to Rynan and all that she had sacrificed; the Queen, knowing about the Magical World, summoned Rynan to take part in a special Knighting Ceremony.Rynan refused; it wasn't something she wanted, it wasn't something she needed. She had too many titles and attention already. She just wanted to get her world and life back in order. The last year had been hard on the trio. Hermione's torture at the hands of Bellatrix still haunted all of them as did Ron's betrayal. While he had come back and they made up, there as still an open, festering wound. And Rynan...she still had to deal with her death and her easy acceptance of it.·The Burrow was filled to the brim with Weasley's, a Granger, and a Potter; Molly - and everyone else - was too afraid to have anyone out of sight for more than an hour. Fred's death had shaken the family. Molly clung to her children a little tighter and Arthur's gaze would linger on everyone a little longer. Everyone was looking after George, he wasn't the same anymore, Rynan didn't think he would ever be the same. Fred had been the other half of his soul. She did what she could, which often included sharing a bed to chase away the nightmares. He didn't realize it at first because she would be gone by morning but when he did, he mentioned it to no one. He knew of her and Fr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Confused Bucky Barnes
BAMF Harry Potter
Kidnapping
Hydra (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Genderswap
Mild Language
Slow Burn
like really really slow burn
Complicated Relationships
Coping

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter

