Work Text:
Thor snuck back into Avengers Tower guiltily around three in the morning, trying to avoid them all. Unfortunately for him, there had been a small accident involving a minor chemical explosion going off in Bruce's face, so they were all awake clearing away the damage to the top nine floors and they'd already realized Thor was out. Even when they'd caught him creeping in, though, he still refused to say anything about where he'd been. Natasha was the one who noticed that Mjolnir was missing."Wow, that's some walk of shame," Tony said. "Is this going to end up like that story where you had to dress up as a woman and pretend you were going to marry a giant?""What?" Thor said, turning pink. "I do not know this story of which you speak. Why should you imagine all your legends of me are true? I would not marry a giant. Do not ask me any more questions."Loki shot in through the middle of the gaping hole in the side of the 75th floor shortly after dawn, wild-eyed. They had all conked out on slightly softer pieces of rubble, and the crunch of his boots landing stirred them groggily awake. "Whoa!" Steve said, getting his eyes open first. He flipped over and grabbed for one of the crowbars, for lack of a better weapon."Don't bother," Loki snarled. "I will..." He paused, his jaw working, and then said in a stifled voice, "...help with the repairs."Tony had just been firing up his repulsors. He paused. "Come again?" he said.Loki stood there with his fists clenched, and then he turned and stretched out a hand over the mess of discarded bits of broken wires and said something that none of them could follow. The wires stirred, twitched, and formed into knots that started moving like little octopi across the floor, gathering up debris and piling it atop themselves. They added new arms as they went, spreading across the room. In five minutes they'd already cleared a wider space on the floor.Thor had been staring the whole time. Now he flung himself off the table and across the room. He seized Loki by the shoulders. "Brother!" he said, ecstatically. "Has the spell — the spell has worked!"Loki stared back at him. "What spell?" he spat. And added, choked off, "...dear brother.""By Yggdrasil," Thor said, "the witch has been true to her word: my friends," he turned to them all, beaming, slinging an arm around Loki's shoulders, "rejoice with me! Not long hence did I learn of a mighty witch here upon your world, and sought her aid, and behold! My brother's spirit has been freed from his madness."He kept beaming. The rest of them looked at Loki doubtfully. Loki glared hatefully back."Uh," Bruce said after a moment, "no offense, Thor, but — that sounds like it would have to be a pretty powerful spell. How sure are you that it really worked?""It was not bought save at great cost," Thor said, low, and looked downcast. "For this spell did I barter away the great weapon Mjolnir.""What?" Loki said, pulling away from him. "You have given away Mjolnir? I could destroy you now — " he swallowed, " — if I wanted to," he added. "Which of course I do not. At all."Thor laughed with joy. "I regret it not!" he declared. "How can I count any cost, to have my brother restored to me. At last we will fight once more together, Loki!""I will never — leave your side again, Thor," Loki said, and looked appalled. "But will your fr— friends," he said, stuttering over an attempt to sneer the word, "allow me to remain? Surely not." He shot a desperate look at the other Avengers."Yeah, no offense, Thor, I'm just not feeling it," Tony said."Stark, I understand your hesitation," Thor said earnestly. "But I cannot be parted from Loki again." He turned to Loki. "Perhaps we should return to Asgard, brother. Our father will rejoice as do I to see you — ""No!" Loki said. "I refuse to see that — that — beloved place again until I have truly atoned." He stopped, fists clenched hard and eyes glittering."Ah," Thor said, nodding. "You would be welcome back nonetheless, brother, but I do understand your desire to make amends, and honor it. I know not where in Midgard we might go — ""Hey, hey, hey," Tony said. "I'm not kicking you out, Thor. Just, you know, let's talk — containment options?""I will not be put in a cage!" Loki snarled, and then said, "...unless it would make you all feel better." His eyes widened, panicky. His jaw worked a moment, and then he muttered reluctantly, "Perhaps if I offered more proofs of my good intent."Steve and Tony traded looks. Steve shrugged helplessly. "I guess he could do more of the cleanup?""Those things are doing pretty well, actually," Bruce said. The spiders had finished clearing out the living room floor and were busy putting the books back on the bookshelf and straightening the artwork on the wall."I want a sandwich," Clint said, arms folded."What, this second?" Tony said. "Jarvis — ""No," Clint said, and jerked his chin at Loki. "I mean him. Make me a sandwich. If you're on our side now."Loki said in honeyed sweet tones, "
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Misunderstood Good Guy Loki
Consent Issues
Poor Loki
Oh Thor

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

