Work Text:
"I love you like this," Steve murmured, dipping his head so that he could kiss the hollow of Tony's throat where his head was tipped back over a pillow. The action earned him a soft groan while Tony struggled to form words. "What?" he slurred. He didn't move a muscle beyond that which was required to speak. "Used and fucked and filled with your come?" Steve chuckled and kissed his throat again. "That too," he said, pressing his unmistakable hardness against Tony's thigh. The other man groaned again because it could only mean one thing, and he wasn't sure he could do more than lay there and take it, which come to think of it... Hmm... "But I was talking more about how you are rather than what you look like." To that, Tony made the effort to lift his head and narrow his eyes in question. "Yeah? And how's that?" he asked. Steve shifted upwards so that he could kiss him properly. They were both exhausted—Tony more than Steve, but exhausted all the same, so the kiss was nothing more than lazy. "I love when you're sated and sleepy and pliant... When you can barely remember your name, let alone speak," Steve murmured. He pressed down against Tony. "Like this, it's like you're a whole different person, like you can't snark and can't exert your wit and charm. Like you can't even think, only respond to me." In his effort to drive Tony insane by rocking into his hips and kissing the side of his neck, he missed the way Tony's eyes narrowed. "You aren't Anthony Fucking Stark, genius billionaire playboy philanthropist. No, like this, you're just my Tony."  "Oh fuck you, Rogers," Tony snapped, but the moan in his voice took the bite away. "I'm always Anthony Fucking Stark." Steve laughed. "If it helps you sleep at night," he teased, so Tony pushed him off to the side and sat up to glare down at him. "I can outwit and outsnark you or anyone, anytime and anywhere, Rogers," he answered. Steve grinned and coaxed him into a kiss which Tony struggled against for a moment, but eventually gave in to through a pout. "Oh, undoubtedly," he agreed with all due solemnity, then quirked another amused grin. "Except when you're stuffed and filled and aching." Tony ignored the fingers sliding into the cleft of his ass and brushing over his still tender hole. He spoke through their pushing into him. "You misunderstand 'anytime,' I think" he said, holding perfectly still lest he start pushing back against the fingers that were dipping in and out of him and prove Steve right. "Care to put your money where your mouth is?" Steve dared. His eyebrow was quirked with a confidence that only made Tony more determined to prove him wrong.  "Bring. It. On," he countered, poking Steve's chest to punctuate each word. Steve grinned again as he flipped them over, and Tony refused—refused!—to whine when Steve pulled his fingers out of him to reach over to the nightstand. The expanse of muscles stretched out above him was an acceptable consolation, though, so he didn't mind as much as he should have. Tony traced the valley between Steve's pectorals down to the thatch of coarse hair at his abdomen. The caress was short lived when Steve pulled back, one of their toys in hand. Tony blinked at the sight of it. It was one of their less frequently used toys, and for good reason at that: frankly, it was huge. "Here's what we're going to do," Steve said, and how not fair was it that his voice was pitched low and seductive while he fondled the plug. Tony only resisted swallowing because Steve was watching him. "I'm going to plug you up with this." And yeah, Tony got that part. "And you're going to have to... convince me to take it out. Meanwhile, I'm going to resist your 'wit and charm' and make you admit to agreeing with what I say." Tony narrowed his eyes. "And?" 
"And neither of us is allowed to come till the game ends." Tony frowned in thought, and his eyes darted once more to the plug. It was a good four inches at the widest part, and three at the neck. "Can we choose something else?" he tried, making Steve grin and shake his head. "'Anytime,' remember?" he said, almost gleeful in tone, so Tony scowled and dragged him down into a hard kiss. "Fine," he said shortly. "But just so you know? I think I'm getting the short end of the stick here."  Steve's grin never dwindled, even as he reached for the lube and pressed his fingers into Tony, two at once because he was still so loose from their fucking not half an hour ago. Tony moaned at the feel of them sliding so easily into him, heating the aching skin. With his other hand, Steve grabbed one of Tony's legs and slung it over his shoulder, opening his lover up further for a third finger to slip inside. "God..." Tony moaned, relaxing his legs and arching his neck. "Please." Steve's fingers spread and worked him open and seemed determined to drive him insane. He wanted more; he needed more. He needed Steve to fill him up again, to take him, but before he could tell Steve, a fourth finger was pressing into hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Anal Plug
Semi-Public Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Steve Rogers isn't a shrinking violet
Tony Stark can charm his way out of a paper bag
Natasha Romanov is a Bro

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

