Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The last few weeks in Beacon Hills had been frustrating for Stiles and he had to admit that he didn’t see it getting better anytime soon.  Ever since they had finally managed to defeat the Kanima and turn Jackson into a real live puppy, Derek’s pack had been focused pretty much on themselves.  Defeating Gerard was good, phenomenal even, but the way Scott pulled it off still left a very bad taste in Stiles mouth even though he had nothing to do with it since he was left in the dark by his best friend.  Derek had definitely not appreciated Scott’s betrayal and actions and the gulf between them had never been as large as it was now.It would have been much worse if Allison hadn’t finally broken Gerard’s hold over her.  She had taken her mother’s death badly and gone all ‘dark willow’ on them and turning into a crazy huntress.  Stiles was tired of Scott’s angst over her breaking up with him and he seemed to not even care that Erica and Boyd had gone missing.  It came to a head when Allison had pretty much threatened Isaac at school when Stiles had snapped.
*FLASHBACK*
“You made your choice and now you will have to deal with the monster you have become” Allison snarled at the curly haired boy in front of her.  Isaac had tried to talk to her, to make some kind of gesture, but Allison was still too angry.  “And we take care of monsters” she added in a threatening voice as she stalked off.Stiles had followed after her to the parking lot but before he could catch up she turned around quickly pulling out a dagger and aiming it at him.  “Gonna graduate to killing people now Ally?” Stiles challenged and he saw the brief flicker of surprise when she realized it was him.“You hang with them Stiles, you are no better” she snarls and starts to turn around to leave.“And I guess that makes you no better than Kate” Stiles voice is icy and Allison turns, fury written on her face.  “Spare me the outrage Allison” Stiles steps up to her “the only difference between the two of you is opportunity.  I bet killing children and babies wouldn’t even make you hesitate.  Got to run home to plan how to burn families alive?” his words were merciless and Allison looked like she had been slapped.“Peter killed my Aunt and Derek killed my mother” Allison defended angrily but Stiles wasn’t having any of that.“Bullshit!” he called.  “Kate was a raving psychopath who deserved to suffer a hell of lot more than she did!”  Stiles drove the words into Allison.  “The only thing that gives me any satisfaction is the hope that the afterlife is real so that I can believe that if there is any justice in the universe that she is now rotting in some dark and terrifying corner of hell, suffering for the rest of eternity.”  Allison eyes widen at the poison in his words.  “And as for your mother, Derek didn’t kill her, he bit her.  And that?  That was her own damn fault!”“How dare you!” Allison screamed.  She couldn’t honestly defend Kate no matter how upset she was that her aunt was dead.  Her crimes were monstrous and discovering that several of Derek’s family had been fully human had made it difficult to look at the man without feeling guilty.  “Derek bit my mom knowing that the code would require her to take her own life!” she snarled.“No” Stiles voice was flat and without mercy or emotion.  “Derek was poisoned and disoriented by wolfsbane.  An aerosolized version of wolfsbane that your mom was using to try and kill Scott!  Derek was trying to save your boyfriend from being murdered by your mother. “Allison went pale as the blood drained from her face and she shook her head.  No.  It couldn’t be.  Her mother would never have tried to really hurt Scott.  Sure she didn’t like him, hated him even, but Scott was innocent and he had never done anything to anyone.  The code protected him as well.Stiles could see the conflict on the girls face and almost relented but this had to stop.  “Ask Scott.  Make him tell you the truth.  Ask you dad about your mom’s real feelings.  Whether she would do that.  You don’t know her Ally, she successfully lied to you your whole life” Stiles voice was slightly gentler. “Stop being a puppet for your family, a weapon without a conscience” he told her.Allison looked at Stiles and saw something in his eyes that she couldn’t exactly explain.  Stiles was the comic relief, the geek, the nerd.  He wasn’t a fighter or a hero or a real part of all of this.  But there was something that caused her to pause.“Because I promise you.  If you cross that line.  You violate the spirit of the code, then you are the monster Ally.  You and your whole family” Stiles tells her without blinking and she suddenly realizes that she is feeling fear.  “And when that happens” Stiles face turns hard “I will make sure you and every one of your family will be put down…permanently.”  Stiles walks away from the dark haired girl who watched him walk away shaken by the sudden realization that out of everyone she had ever met, including Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Allison Argent/Scott McCall
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Vernon Boyd/Erica Reyes

freeform: 
BAMF Stiles
BAMF John
Magical Stiles Stilinski
Marvel 616/MCU Crossover
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Slow Build Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Character Death
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Allison Argent/Scott McCall
Lydia Martin/Jackson Whittemore
Vernon Boyd/Erica Reyes

