Work Text:
Steve stood at attention in front of Director Fury’s desk.  He’d hoped that this would be a quick meeting to wrap up loose ends had turned it to a very frustrating argument.  “With all due respect, sir, the army seems to have done without me just fine for 70 years. And I can’t even imagine what you think SHIELD would do with a soldier like me.” 
“A super-soldier,” corrected Fury, ignoring how Steve flinched at the word.
“And since I’m legally dead, I don’t actually have any obligations to the US Army.  So no, I’m not going to be staying on SHIELD property.”
“I've got paperwork that says you’re very much alive, Captain.  And I’m sure I can get paperwork to show you haven’t completed your service.”
“I doubt that very much, sir. I don’t think the military is that desperate to keep a ninety year old man in the service,” Steve responded, bitterly. 
“I’m sure SHIELD can take care of that. And SHIELD can take care of putting you on our payroll. You won’t be the first good soldier we've borrowed.”
“Have you actually read my service record, sir? I lied to get into the army, I disobeyed orders pretty much constantly, I argued with my superiors when I wasn't outright disobeying them, and on top of that I was declared dead seventy years ago.”
Fury started to respond, but Steve continued, “I've seen the paperwork.”
“SHIELD isn't just going to let you leave to wander around New York. “
“Is that a threat, sir?”
“No, Captain, it’s a promise. We did you wrong letting you wake up by yourself; at least let us fix it?”
“Director Fury, even I can’t believe you have my best interests at heart.  You let me wake up by myself so you could drag me into the Avengers.  I’m not dumb enough to believe you’d let that happen by accident.  I know you had Agent Coulson assigned to watch me, and I know he wouldn't have let that happen.”  Admittedly, it had taken a few awkward conversations to realize that Coulson had been watching him sleep as part of an assignment, not just as a fan. 
“Did I say it was an accident? I’m admitting to a mistake here, Captain, work with me.  We've got safe houses you can use, or you can join the Avengers frat house that Stark’s working on in his tower. I think that’s a terrible idea, but I doubt that will stop you.”
Steve started to object, but Fury continued, “After you've had some time to acclimate, you can come back and we’ll set you up as an agent.  I know you don’t want to abandon the Avengers.”
“I’m not abandoning anything. I just want some time away from this, sir.”  Steve sighed, and then brightened, sensing a way out.  “I know that you've assigned Agent Coulson to help me acclimate, after his miraculous resurrection,” Steve said, with anger creeping in to the last two words.   “Don’t you think that I would acclimate better if I wasn't penned up in a SHIELD facility?”
“Fine, so no safe house. Go hang out with Stark. Do what you want.”
“What I want is a life away from all of this,” Steve said, “no SHIELD, no military.” 
“Fine, go look for your own place. Good luck with that. Just let us know your forwarding address.  There’ll be hell to pay if we misplace Captain America.”
Steve frowned, but figured that was as close to agreement as he was going to get.  “I’m glad you said that sir,” he said, and tore a page out of the notebook he’d been carrying. “Here’s my new address.”  It wasn't worth telling Fury what kind of sticker shock he’d had with real estate prices. “I’m moving in tomorrow.  I do have one request, since you’re so eager to get me settled in.”
Fury frowned, “What?”
“Get me a nice houseplant.” Steve left, feeling less proud of getting the last word than he’d expected to. 
 **
The first evening in the new place found Steve absorbed in sketching his new surroundings.  The doorbell rang, and he jumped, startled.  He couldn't imagine anyone dropping by to visit him.  He didn't really know anyone outside of the Avengers and SHIELD, except for the little old lady who lived next door to him, and had eyed him with suspicion the entire time he’d been moving in.  When he’d tried to introduce himself to her, all he’d gotten was her name, Ms. Alvarez, and the strong suspicion that she thought he was a very shady character, given that the introduction had occurred through her locked door.  He set his sketch pad aside and moved to the door, peering through the peephole. 
“Hawkeye?” he asked opening the door, and then, doing a double take, “I didn't order a pizza.”
“Can I come in anyway, Captain America? It’s raining out.” Clint shook himself like a dog, apparently to demonstrate that he’d been caught in a torrential downpour.
“Don’t call me that. Steve’s fine.”  He took the pizza from Hawkeye and set it in the kitchen, throwing a dishtowel over his shoulder. “You’re dripping on my floor.”
“Geez, sorry, Steve.  This is the thanks I get for feeding a national hero?” Clint teased, wiping his face and then swiping at the puddles on the floor.  
“Thank you?” Steve responded, and then sighed. “You look li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Beekeeping
Dog Cops
Slice of Life
Clint Is a Good Bro
Steve needs a hobby
Mental Health Issues
mention of suicidal thoughts
discussion of mind control
Grieving
A little angst
a little fluff
Dialogue Heavy
Pizza
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
