Work Text:
After meeting gods and aliens, flying through the wormhole, fighting alongside the Hulk and Captain motherfucking America, Tony Stark liked to think there wasn’t much that could surprise him. After all, what could the universe throw at him that he hadn’t seen already? That didn’t mean he’d expected the email. He got a lot of these, of course, came with being a billionaire superhero and all. Still, he didn’t remember ever talking to Jane Foster. JARVIS drew his attention to that particular message, forwarding it to Tony instead of going over it himself (and probably deleting it, what with being programmed to archive most anything that wasn’t marked URGENT, or WWIII or something). The message itself was even weirder that he’d thought- Thor was back on planet, apparently, a week after he showed up in London (and simultaneously destroyed the place), and this time he was here to stay. And for some reason, he’d asked Dr. Foster for ‘enough meat and mead for a man to feast on’. Which, in Thor standards, meant ‘enough meat and mead for ten men and a really hungry elephant’. Between the lines, Tony realized she was asking for food funds for her gigantor boyfriend. A lot of food funds. He wasn’t going to let that slide, Tony decided, and didn’t send her a check to buy meat and mead and a small elephant. No way was the big guy going to celebrate his victory alone. Tony had a few phone calls to make. *** Pepper had raised an eyebrow when Tony told her he wanted one of the Tower’s official dining rooms redecorated as a Norse banquet hall, complete with themed food and cutlery. Eventually she managed to convince him to ‘tone it down’, with the excuse of not being ‘culturally offensive’ or something. Listening to Pepper was generally a good course of action, especially after Extremis, which meant she could literally explode when she was angry. Still, Tony was a creative guy. He could work with her limits. By the time the rest of the team arrived, the Tower was stocked with actual mead (and other types of booze), plenty of meat (including an actual roasted boar), and all in all more that enough food for five people and a Thor. They arrived one by one at the newly renamed Avengers Tower (not that he’d ever managed to get all the Avengers there since New York). Steve came in on his antique motorcycle, which Tony would never stop teasing him for. He’d also never admit he thought it was sort of cool, in a 1940’s, hipster kind of way. Bruce took a taxi from the airport, after calling to make sure Tony didn’t pick him up himself because the Other Guy didn’t like the press that would probably follow Tony around. Nobody knew exactly how Natasha and Clint arrived, only that they were suddenly in the lab where he was giving Bruce the grand tour, and even JARVIS didn’t notice them coming in. There was something off about Clint, Tony noticed as the two assassins joined the tour. Something jittery about his motions. And Nat was watching him more closely than ever. “And that’s it,” Tony concluded his tour of the renovated tower, leading the group into one of the sitting rooms, a large space with plenty of black leather couches, coffee tables, a TV, and a bar. “And what about Thor?” Bruce asked. It was a valid question, seeing as this entire party was for Thor, after all. “When is he planning to, ah, show up?” “No idea,” Tony replied cheerfully. “Until he does, drinks, anyone?” Without waiting for an answer, he moved back behind the bar and started pouring out glasses for the lot of them. It was weird, having them all here like this, more than a year after New York. They looked a bit different, all of them, not only Clint. Bruce’s hair was a bit longer, Natasha’s was straightened out. Only Steve was the same as he’d been the past 70 years, as if Captain America wasn’t capable of change. Judging by the wary looks he occasionally gave Tony’s ‘bots, that was pretty much true. “So what have you guys been up to?” He asked, wondering if he was the only one who’d had to deal with an organization of murderous psychopaths. “Acclimating, mostly,” Steve was the first to answer. “Looked up some old friends. Didn’t meet up with most of them.” He didn’t have to say why- they al knew Steve’s ‘old friends’ were, by now, very old. If they were even alive. “I can’t say I did anything very interesting,” Bruce said before Steve could get lost in his thoughts. “I returned to India. Saving people without, uh, smashing them is a nice break.” He looked kind of uncomfortable at that last sentence, and Clint quickly took over. “I can tell you about all the missions we went on, but that’s not what you want to hear, right?” He turned to Bruce and Steve, and Tony could swear Legolas was smirking behind those sunglasses of his. “He just wants to tell us about AIM. Right, Tony?” “I’m not gonna complain if you want me to tell you,” Tony replied with a grin of his own. “AIM?” Steve asked, confusion written all over him. “You really need to figure out how to wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Thor 2 Spoilers
post Thor TDW
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt No Comfort
Grief/Mourning
Mental Health Issues
Clint is affected by Loki's mind control too

fandom: 
None
