Work Text:
It's the dizziness that gets him the most. It throws out his radar, makes it swirl and glitch and fizzle. He stops his patrol just for that fact—he can't be safe on these roofs with his radar spotting out like this, and he can't save anyone else in this shape, either. He blinks slowly, settling himself down on the edge of the roof. He cradles his head with one hand, and his stomach with the other—the culprit of this situation. He'd been fighting with the uncomfortable feeling in his stomach all day, skipping lunch in favor of lying down, the feeling of phantom bile in his throat too much for him to keep focused on his cases.
Several hours later, he was in the same situation, except he was sitting on the roof of a building in Hell's Kitchen, the noises in his stomach getting gradually louder and more painful, making his muscles tense and ache with the anticipation and need to vomit. He groaned and doubled over on himself, his world of magenta bands falling in on and over itself as his stomach barrel rolled inside of him. A single, violent gag, and he's swallowing thickly to try and counteract it, his mouth salivating in attempts to protect his teeth from the oncoming wash of acidity and damage.
Matt groans softly to himself, shaking his head. No, no. He can't just loose his stomach here, especially not in his suit, not in such a compromising position. He could just imagine it—the word seeping through the C-Lister's that Daredevil's got a stomach bug, and it's time to run their petty crime asses around his Kitchen. No. He had to at least make it home until he embarrassed himself.
He shakily launches his grappling hook across to another building, but the moment the momentum of the swing hits his stomach, his abdomen's muscles are twisting up and trying to expel their contents. He swallows and pants, and swallows and pants and gags and oh, no—his stomach lurches, and bile leaks into his mouth and past his lips, burning his throat even more as he forced the rest of the bitter, acidic liquid back down, blind eyes watering and stinging with the smell of the vomit spindling down his chin and jaw.
He simply groans and continues back to his home—not long now, he's sure. He takes it slow, swinging as little as he could, grappling up the fire escape into his apartment, limbs too shaky, heartbeat pounding and stomach churning, and churning, and churning until—“Hgkk—!” He snapped one hand over his mouth, body freezing and tensing one more time, muscles squeezing in on his stomach. Vomit and bile spurted out from between his fingertips, saliva-mixed and thick, stringing down from his cupped palm to his elbow until it dripped onto the floor.
“Matt—?” Matt's head snapped up, body shaking with the effort to not only hold itself up, but also with the need to hold back the next round of vomit.
“Pete, what the—hurk!” Matt swallowed, eyes squeezed shut, cheeks burning red in embarrassment. If only he'd known the kid would be here, he would've let himself get sick in the middle of the city instead.
Peter padded over to Matt, removing the towel from his hair, apparently recently showered, and gently wiped at Matt's arm and face and suit. “Sick again, huh?” he asked, biting his lip unhappily.
“Stop that. You aren't—aren't supposed to be here,” Matt gritted through clenched teeth.
“You stop, Hornhead. Can you make it to the—” Matt's body lurched a little, a little more bile leaking from Matt's lips, stringing down from his chin and arm, as much caught precariously in his hands as possible. “Nope. Never mind,” Peter sighed, grabbing the trashcan and sitting it on the towel in front of Matt, plopping down next to it. Matt lowered himself down to the floor, letting his stomach roll and empty itself of any more of its bitter contents.
“Coffee,” Peter notes, nonchalantly wiping up the floor where Matt's vomit had dripped and dribbled.
“Shut uh-gkk!” Matt's eyes watered as his body ached through a lengthy round of dry heaving, the tears falling into the trashcan as well as small bits of foul smelling bile. Peter padded out of the room to grab a wet washcloth, coming back to wipe Matt up, cleaning off his face first. “It's coming out of your nose,” he muttered, shaking his head. “Every time I see you sick, it's only with a stomach bug. You know, next time, you're getting a cold or something. Don't care what your belly has to say,” he said, sounding a little tired.
Matt huffed. “You're not my nurse, Peter,” he sighed out, his stomach settling for the moment. “Don't need to be babied, you know.”
Peter smiled a little. “Well—everybody needs to be babied sometimes, Matt,” he murmured quietly. “'Specially you, Mister Macho Murdock.” Matt simply grunted and pushed himself up, taking off his soiled gloves and dropping them into the towel Peter had put underneath the trash can.
“Need a shower. Go to bed,” he grumbled, grabbing the towel and trash can before walking away from Peter.
“Hey—! I could've taken care of that, you hardheaded gru
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker

freeform: 
emetophobia warning
Vomit

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Peter Parker

