Chapter 1: Pain & Betrayal
    




Chapter Text
It was a few days after Loki, interesting, chaotic Loki had been escorted back to Asgard, when it started.Pain.In the beginning it was barely there, a tingle under his skin or a slight ache in his muscles, barely distinguishable between all the other bruises and fractures from the Chitauri fight, and didn't pay it much heed.After three weeks he realised that, no, it wasn't from their fight, it was something else, but an analysis revealed that his body was as alright as it ever was.
Jarvis's outer firewalls have been breached.The AI had of course smacked them out of his net like the flies they were, frying their equipment while doing so and pinpointed their location. It took them all but a moment to realise that it was the Helicarrier. SHIELD had tried to hack his Jarvis.A bare minute later he had Fury on the phone, asking, to his own surprise, rather calmly, "What the fuck was that supposed to be?"The answer of "Your sentient creations are too dangerous to be left with a civilian, Stark." was the wrong one.They spent days writing new Firewalls for Jarvis, DUM-E and all his other babies, perfect walls of code that would protect was is his from any harm of the non physical kind.
The first night that Tony woke up, he thought that it was from a nightmare, but the pain lasted, his skin burning, blood boiling, his body oddly cold.No scans he and Jarvis made brought any clarity in the matter, after an hour the pain got tolerable, after almost two days it vanished completely.
Their search on who had spilled Jarvis‘s sentience went sluggish, and between waves of agony, blissed not-pain, Iron man and his duties for SI, he detached himself from SHIELD as much as at all possible, cutting the funds, deleting any information they had on him from their systems, and throughoutly explained to Fury what would happen if they tried to touch anything that's him or his again.
By now he was almost used to the lasting, and randomly appearing pain in his body, except when he wasn't and it being bad enough for him to double over.Pain medication didn't do a thing about it, not even something like Morphine, he knew, he'd tried, and it was only a matter of time till one of the worse waves would hit while around people. Thankfully, by now it had only happened in the secrecy of his workshop or bedroom.
Tony accidentally tripped over a video file that showed Pepper and 'not-dead-after-all-Phil' talking, and he just wanted to click it away when he hear her say "You need to do something about JARVIS, Phil, it scares me." "We will, Pepper, don't worry about it."The sound of their voices hung in the sudden silence of the workshop, and no, this wasn't possible."J." he murmured, feeling his blood drain from his face, and clung to the phantom burn of his bones, feeling like he was about to fall apart.Jarvis though, usually the definition of 'proper language' just gave a few blips.Blips.He hadn't used blips in ages; they were from his learning days, when he did not know what word to use, or how to express himself.
Pepper!Tony's brain whited out, blue-screen, stopped, and he felt, he felt, he didn't know what he felt, he just jumped to his feet and ran up the stairs, to his penthouse.She would be there, she would be there and she'd tell him that this was a misunderstanding, and this, this couldn't be real!He slammed open the wall panel that had the stairs hidden from the pent house, and called out her name.His heart raced, and he followed her voice in to the kitchen."Tony! What happened? You're white as a sheet! And I told you no Armour in the pent-house!"Confused he looked down at himself, and yes, he still wore the left gauntlet with which's sensibility he had toyed while watching the video sequence.The video.
 
He felt himself sway, as the burning sensation spread, and flinched when Pepper tried to help him.
"Why did you tell Coulson about Jarvis." he demanded, praying that there was some logical explanation, but her face changed, and he saw, horrified that she knew exactly what he was talking about, and -"It is dangerous Tony, it controls the Tower, and the Suit, the satellites, weapons, information, everything, and you don't even have a way to stop it if it get's out of control, do you even still have control?"Oh god did it hurt. It hurt and it took him a moment to realise that, no, it didn't, it was the sudden absence of pain that made his skin oversensitive. And for a moment his mind was too stuck in that shocked numbness, but then, then he felt himself cracking, drowning, burning and oh god why was it always the people he though he could trust?!Why, why, why ?!
Tony couldn't think.He couldn't think, and he couldn't speak, couldn't breathe and he felt like he was drowning all over, in that tub in Afghanistan, at the brink of death just not to die after all, and he honestly wasn't sure if he'd make it this time. If he even wanted to."Miss Potts," Jarvis spoke, "Sir wishes you to leave." His voi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sequel to: Worship of Chaos
Pain
Betrayal
Loki is not ok
BAMF Tony
Tony Needs a Hug
Loki needs.. many.
Jötunn Loki
Body Horror
Odin's A+ Parenting
Torture
selfhatred
Fluff
Worship
Snarky Jarvis
voice-of-reason!Jarvis
Sex
sentient magic
Asgard
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

