Work Text:

Lessons from Asgard – Courtesy of Loki # 2 - The Dark World
Captain America’s Outfit is Loki Approved – Apparently Loki likes how tight it is in certain places.Pantene is not available in Asgard - Neither is Garnier or any other brand that actually works, as evidenced by the abundance of greasy hair among the Æsir, including the Crown Prince.BiFrost Repairs Complete – Recent reconstruction of the BiForost is finished and has allowed the construction of a planned expansion, the new and improved BiFrost is ridiculously long. Tolls will apply until building costs are recouped; make sure your horse is fully fueled as wait times can be considerable during peak hours and All Father Closings.Vidal Sassoon – Does not have any salons in Asgard, nor does Paul Mitchel if Frigga’s hairstyles are any indication.Matchmaker.com – Is not getting any competition from Asgard, despite the All Father’s best efforts.Primitive Bathing Facilities Abound –Despite being an advanced race of immortals, even in the royal palace Asgardians have still not discovered the shower.Sif Hoarding – Rather than jewels, Sif had apparently cornered the Æsir Eye Brow Pencil Market resulting in massive product unavailability for everyone else, especially in the prison levels.Sparkle Swords – Are the Æsir response to distance weapons and not a good response either, resulting in increased prices on funeral boats.Odin A+ Parenting – No longer a valid tag due his recent abysmal performance in this area exceeding the limits for even this rating. A study group will be looking into a new tag to adequately reflect his total dick parenting. Suggestions are welcome.Fandral has pissed off the Goddess of Pomade – Resulting in a frizzled bang look that resembles most Japanese Boy Band Members.Not As I Do  – Double Standards abound in Asgard. It is A-Okay with Odin that his father Bor Killed an entire race, but not for Loki.Domesticated Ruminant Animal Restrictions – Mortals like Jane Foster are not permitted in Asgard or at Banquets.Excuse Improvement – Thor has finally passed his O levels.Might Makes Right – According to the Wisdom of the All Father, the difference between good and evil is who wins.Heimdall’s Principles for Similar Situations – Orders from the king are orders and cannot be disobeyed, not even for Thor. Unless the king is Loki, and then it’s okay.Okay if Not Loki* - More of a general behavior rule. Genocide, Treason, Betrayal, Causing the deaths of others and major property damage are clearly okay as long as someone other than Loki is the instigator of events leading up to the said action. OINL* (Per Zhang)  Genocide -Bor and the Dark Elves. Betrayal and Treason Thor, Sif, Fandral, Volstag, twice even for the last three. Thor, actions leading to death and destruction in a realm under Asgard’s protection.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Humor
Parody
Warning: Loki
Bad Parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting
Complete
Loki’s Resistance
Loki's resistance

fandom: 
None
