Work Text:
Jane wasn't sure what she was expecting when she and Darcy arrived at Stark Tower. Darcy was excited, and rightfully so, but Jane had her own private reservations. Not because she believed the hype about Tony Stark or anything like that, or even because she thought that Tony might want something in return for her offering her and Darcy a plate to stay. Actually, Tony made it clear from day one that they owed him nothing.Actually, it was because she hadn't had much luck with other scientists. For the most part, science was still very much an old boy's club. Regardless of the fact that she was an astrophysicist worthy of renown, she couldn't shake the feeling that men were always waiting for her to prove herself. As though what little respect she'd earned was, contradictory as it seemed, permanently temporary, and the slightest misstep would be enough to prove them right. It didn't take long for her to figure out that Tony (she'd started out calling him Dr. Stark because she knew how frustrating it was when other people didn't respect the title you'd worked so hard for. Then, when he'd made it clear he didn't care for being called "doctor", she had progressed to Mr. Stark. Tony lasted for about two hours before he flat-out asked her to just call him by his first name. The funny thing was, he kept calling her Dr. Foster for weeks after, until she figured out that he wasn't going to assume the familiarity of her first name until she told him he could.) was not one of those scientists.He was the opposite, actually. Far from the room mentioned in the initial email, Jane and Darcy ended up with a whole floor to themselves. There was even a separate lab for Jane, which Tony only entered after she gave him permission. During those conversations, which grew quickly in frequency, she noticed that he never disregarded her opinion. Oh, they disagreed plenty. But their arguments were that of colleagues, two people on the same level talking science, and never a matter of Tony thinking her opinion didn't matter just because of her gender. The difference was subtle but poignant, and within two weeks she'd given him permission to call her by her first name.Just as well, really. Practically from day one, Darcy was ready to adopt him as one of her own. Having Jane's tacit approval meant that Tony never stood a chance.There were other benefits to living in the tower too, of course. And one morning, Jane discovered one inadvertently. She and Darcy were sitting at the communal table, eating breakfast. Tony was out with Pepper. Jane was nursing a cup of coffee and picking her way through a fruit salad to find the raspberries. Somehow (probably Darcy's doing) the conversation turned to Thor. And somehow, said conversation ended with FRIDAY volunteering to show Jane recorded footage of Thor. The offer was surprising, but since Tony hadn't said that she couldn't see it (and why would he? Evidently they lived there now, which meant he trusted them to some degree, and Jane didn't know why that was shocking but it was) Jane agreed.She didn't know what she was hoping for. Some closure, maybe. Her heart ached to see Thor's beautiful face again, to hear the sound of his voice and his laughter, and if she closed her eyes she could still feel his body armor under her fingertips. It was almost enough to make her cry, but Jane had shed enough tears over men and she steeled herself. Women were not meant to cry over men they'd only know for a handful of weeks, especially not men who took off (leaving the planet!) without so much as a by your leave."Could I see more recent footage?" she asked, proud of how steady her voice was. This was older footage. She could tell by how short Thor's hair was. By the time he'd left, it was much longer."Of course," FRIDAY said. "Boss has employed security measures around the most recent footage of Thor. This is his second-to-last appearance in the tower to date."Jane watched the party. She smiled in spite of herself at seeing Thor and Tony talking up her and Pepper. The smile died quickly when the party went south due to Ultron's appearance, and it was gone completely by the time that Thor stormed across a floor and grabbed Tony by the neck, effortlessly lifting him off the ground. She touched her own throat, hands circling it defensively, as Tony hung there for the long seconds it took someone else to respond. Too many seconds. What the hell was wrong with the rest of the Avengers? What was wrong with Thor?She didn't know Tony well. But she could still see the panic in his eyes until Rogers stepped in. The footage ended almost immediately, probably because the conversation had turned to matters deemed too sensitive and confidential without the right security clearance. But that was okay. Jane felt like she'd seen what she needed to see. The image of Thor hurting someone - a human, someone like Darcy - stayed with her right up until the afternoon that FRIDAY announced out of the blue that Thor had just
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jane Foster & Thor

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Jane is magical
Aether
Protective Jane Foster
thor does not get a free pass for choking Tony
thor gets called on his actions
discussion of potential future domestic violence
thor's temper
POV Jane Foster
Awesome Jane Foster
Jane Foster is a Good Bro
jane foster stands up for herself
protect tony stark
protect tony stark forever
women being angry
Communication
The Protectors - Freeform
jane is an awesome scientist
she deserves respect

fandom: 
Jane Foster & Thor

