Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It's a jerk move, and childish to the point that it's more like something Deadpool would do than him, but Peter really can't resist; with a deft flick, a jerk of the wrist, and a little bit of webbing the scarred merc's hotdog is yanked swiftly and neatly out of his hands and into Peter's own. Smirking, Peter takes a bite, watching for the reaction. Dinner and a show. For a moment, Deadpool is frozen, mouth still hanging open where he was about to take a bite and the confusion on his face is easy to read even from Peter's perch a yard or two above him, clinging to the wall. Peter's thankful for his more-than-human hearing when he catches Deadpool muttering, “Did you guys see that too or was it just me?”
Peter snickers, and Deadpool jumps, then looks up. Peter smirks and gives a little wave. It's fun to be the one getting the jump on Deadpool rather it being the other way round for once.
For once Deadpool reacts in a non-violent manner, looking actually kind of relieved. "Oh, hey it's you, great! For a moment we thought I was going crazy."
Peter rolls his eyes but refrains from saying anything on the grounds it would just be too easy.
The look of relief is soon replaced with something more murderous. "What gives anyway? I wasn't causing trouble, and if you're gonna kick me out of the city, you could at least have let me finish my food first."
"Oh, it wasn't because of anything you've done," Peter responds casually, "Not this time anyway. I stole your hotdog because I'm hungry."
"What?!" It's maybe a little mean, even if it is Deadpool he's messing with, because he sounds genuinely upset and betrayed, but so disproportionately so that Peter can't stop snickering. "I thought you were one of the good guys, since when did you go around robbing hapless citizens?"
Peter snorts at that and takes another bite out of the hotdog. Deadpool's eyes narrow. Peter smirks and smacks his lips obnoxiously, but he also tenses, ready to fight if the merc shows signs of becoming more unstable than usual. It would be just like Deadpool to go into a murderous rage over a hotdog. Still, Peter can't stop himself from goading the man a little more. " 're no' hap'ess o' a civilian," he says, muffled.
Deadpool seems to have no trouble translating though. "Oh yeah? Well, that's lucky, otherwise how would I be able to defend myself against your evil, hotdog-stealing ways?" His fingers twitch towards the gun at his waist.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you," Peter says, leaning back on his haunches, "or I'll forget about the hotdog and get round to actually kicking you out of the city."
It's a bit of a chance that Deadpool will listen, but either he's here on business he can't afford to get kicked out of the city for, or he's currently more concerned than usual about opening fire in a space with civilians. "You know, last time someone stole my food they got stabbed in the leg," Deadpool says conversationally.
Peter snorts and takes another bite, "And that's why you don't have friends, Wade."
It's only because his mask is still half-rolled up from where he was about to eat that Peter catches the way Deadpool's mouth turns down momentarily, as if he's genuinely hurt for a second, before the stupid shit-eating grin is plastered back on and the gratingly cheery talking starts up again. He might feel bad about the hurt Deadpool clearly is masking, if it wasn't for what the merc is saying.
"Yeah well, the jokes on you pal, because I never wash my hands."
Peter frowns, revolted, and pauses in eating. "You mean after going to the bathroom? Well, while that's disgusting I don't see how it matters since you're wearing gloves."
Deapool doesn't say anything, but his smirk grows, and for once the silence is worse than the talking.
"Tell me you don't," Peter groans, feeling sick, but it's Deadpool, of course he doesn't bother taking his gloves off when he goes to the bathroom. Peter's heard that he's been spotted doing his shopping in that suit.
"Hey, just be glad I didn't end up in a stall without toilet paper today."
"That is so unhygienic," Peter mutters, appetite gone.
"Hello, healing factor? It's not like I have worry about getting sick."
"You are sick," Peter growls, “and you can have the hotdog back.” He lets it drop, hoping it'll land on the merc's head.
Deadpool shrugs and steps easily out of the way, letting it splatter to the ground. "After you've had your mouth on it? No way, how do I know you're not contagious?"
Peter opens his mouth to retort that if anyone should be worrying about catching something, it's him, but he's interrupted.
"Hey, costumes! Either of you two gonna pick that up?"
He and Deadpool both turn. The newspaper vendor a couple of feet down the side-walk glares at both of them unrepentant and unafraid, arms crossed as he looks pointedly at the hotdog on the sidewalk. "Bad enough with youse tearing up the city every five minutes when you get in fights with each other, but now you're littering?"
"Let
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Mental Health Issues
Humor
Canon-Typical Violence
Slow Build

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

