Chapter 1: Phase One: Mission Objective Set
    




Chapter Text
It doesn’t take long for him to think of a goal, once thinking is permitted.The mission alone is strange enough—his previous handlers have generally given him as little leeway as possible. His most recent owner, Pierce, had a particular hatred for any indication that there was more to the asset than an empty body to be filled with whatever Pierce pleased for it to be filled with. He had always done his best to comply with that expectation. It had been easy enough, then, to be nothing. With regular wipes and trigger words in place, he hardly remembered he had ever been anything else.  His new owner, on the other hand, seems to expect more, demand more. Not that his demands are anything like the ones the soldier is used to—they come in quiet, soft tones, are phrased like requests, but the soldier knows an order when he hears one. It’s not like mental compliance wasn’t expected before. Just because the thoughts are new doesn’t mean the process is any different. So: new mission parameter—learn what he wants. In that calm, quiet voice, his handler had said, “Why don’t you take some time for yourself and think about what you want? You’ve got your whole life ahead of you, Buck. And we’re gonna figure it out together.”It didn’t sound like the orders he’s used to, but he still knows what to do. He’d nodded and gone up to his assigned quarters and closed the door. Now he is sitting on the desk chair, thinking.Think about what you want. A baffling request. He’ll fulfill it, though, difficult as it seems. The asset always succeeds at his missions. And for some reason, the new owner’s orders are particularly motivating even though he delivers them so gently. His memory, though often faulty, provides an image he feels he can believe really happened at some point: his owner, smiling. His brain also provides the context: reward, the best possible reward. Somehow, the words he comes up with to describe it feel insufficient. He always wants to please, of course—pleasing his handlers is his purpose, and as a secondary benefit it’s also the best way to avoid pain. Yet this feels different. It makes the mission of wanting more challenging, since the stakes are so high. Still, he’s had to strategize before, during missions. It’s not as difficult as he expected, now that he has orders to do it. He’s surprised at that. His previous handlers always told him that he was stupid, that he wasn’t meant for thinking. And perhaps his plan is faulty, but it’s his.  Rapidly, he comes up with three preliminary ideas.Primary goal: be reassigned for recreational use only. Secondary goal: avoid painful injury during said use as often as possible.Tertiary goal: be reserved for the exclusive use of Captain Rogers.It’s an ambitious list, he knows. And a challenge for him, since he doesn’t remember the last time he was allowed to want anything beyond the uncontrollable twitches of his traitorous body. Even then, he was often punished. He doesn’t know if there’s any hope of achieving them. The reasoning behind these goals is straightforward. He’s been allowed to recover a number of his memories now, and he remembers the kind of person James Buchanan Barnes was, before he fell from that train and died. He was a good person, is what he was. It’s simple but it’s true. He was a human being, knew right from wrong and tried to do what was right as often as he could. He was the Captain’s friend and he was almost worthy of it, too. While the asset will never hope for that, while he knows that he’ll never be capable of good the way Bucky was, he can at least cease doing evil in the world, if he’s permitted to. If Bucky Barnes knew what they had done with his body, what they had made him into, he would be horrified. Ordinarily the asset would never hope to be reassigned from the field, but it’s been three months since he passed into Captain Rogers’ custody and he still hasn’t been sent out to kill. It’ll be difficult for him to achieve assignment away from his primary goal, his purpose in existence, but he’s taken some steps towards it—his metal arm, for instance, was ripped off and has not been replaced. He’s already not as effective a weapon as he used to be. He’ll do more, cripple himself, if he must. He knows there’s no hope of erasing the crimes he’s committed, but at least he can stop killing now, even if his own body must be his last target.The second is obvious—he does not enjoy being tortured. That’s always been the case, even when his mind was totally absent. He’d like to continue avoiding pain as much as possible, particularly since without it, his memories and ability to think are both returning at an encouraging rate. Those are both key, if he is to maintain his primary goal. The third goal… this one he has little hope for at all. Still, he lets himself imagine it, imagine himself installed safely in Captain Rogers’ quarters. He imagines how jealously he might be guarded, even that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Dubious Consent
HYDRA Trash Party
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hurt/Comfort
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

