Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Steves well aware that soon the castle will be seized. It has been a long time coming and the only ones who haven’t though so are those too blinded by hope, who’ve become ignorant. 


The days grow shorter as the world starts to become colder and colder and as the Barnes army grows ever closer. They’ve already taken too long, invading from the northern border meant even at a slow pace they would have reached the castle in two weeks time but instead a whole month has passed and only now they draw in close.


The only logical belief is that the Barnes army is looking to preserve the land, Steve knows one of the only valuable things Mullingar posses is it’s farm land and if those are destroyed by invading armies than they will be getting little of worth from their lengthy invasion.


Most of the other nobles have already fled south, a foolish thing for the it’s a small kingdom and they could all be easily reached in their southern residences within a week time. 


He’s sitting in the library with his mother, moaning and groaning about how useless he feels. At firsts his mother had tried to comfort him but at this point she’s mostly ignoring him in favor of her book. 


“I have magic, I could do something instead of being imprisoned in this castle simply waiting for the inevitable,” Steve says sighing dramatically for the hundredth time. 


“We can’t just send you off to battle Steve,” his mother says always the voice of reason, “you know that just isn’t possible.”


“If I was an alpha you would happily send me off to fight,” Steve says stubbornly, looking at the sketch he’s been working on with a sour expression. It looks nothing like his mother and he decided to turn to a different page. 


His mother’s just about to give a retort when the door gets thrown open, standing is one of his father's advisors, Lord Hodge. He’s one of the few lords who didn’t flee as soon as the Barnes army crossed their borders. 


He also happens to be the uncle of Thomas Hodge who in a year's time is supposed to be marrying Steve, though due to the state of their kingdom that is seeming increasingly unlikely. 


“Your majesty, Prince Steve, I’m afraid I’ve just received some very bad news,” Lord Hodge says giving a customary bow as he speaks.  


“Please continue,” Sarah says setting her book down in her lap. 


“I’ve just received news that my nephew Thomas succumbed to his injuries from the battle and has passed away,” Steve sits up straight and he hears his mother take a sharp intake of breath. They’d been told earlier that Thomas has been injured trying to defend the northern border over a month ago but without any other news reaching them Steve had assumed he was getting better.


Steve thinks he should be sad, he is a little though not in the way he feels he should be. Not like someone should mourn the person that they are engaged too. Steve never loved Thomas, doubted he could ever come to feel more than him then one feels for a friend.


Thomas was nearly ten years older than him, and like most of the alpha’s around the palace his greatest accomplishment was what he achieved in the military. Steve was always aware that Thomas was much more interested in his statues as a prince then in anything Steve has to say. 


“I assume you’ve already told my husband,” Sarah says. She’s more diplomatic than anyone Steve known, and though she never was a fan of Thomas she certainly wasn’t going to let Lord Hodge know that. 


“Yes,” Lord Hodge says, “I’ve put forward my own son’s name, with the current situation I feel as though it’s pertinent to consider a new match.” 


Sarah frowns but says nothing, quickly dismissing Lord Hodge. Steve’s stomach feels like it’s dropped to the floor, he feels vaguely nauseous about all of it. 


“Ma,” Steve says grabbing at her, “I won’t marry him, you can’t make me marry him.” 


Steve was always well aware that Thomas would do whatever Steve’s father wanted, his only consolation was that Thomas had never been outright cruel to him. That and the fact he always assumed he’d be able to get out of the marriage. Lord Hodges son on the other hand has never shown Steve any respect, belittling him not only for being an omega but for being one that possesses magic. 


He would also do his father's bidding just as happily, though with much less of a conscious than Thomas ever possessed. 


“There's not going to be any wedding,” his mother says making it sound completely finial, “and especially not to Lord Hodge’s son, not matter what your father thinks we're not just going to marry you off to anyone.” 


“Fathers going to be furious,” Steve murmurs. He’s gone against his father more than once and faced the full power of his anger. 


His mother laughs, “he can’t always get what he wants,” Sarah turns back to her book and continues reading. 





***

 

Steve's in the middle practicing levitating books carefully into the air before setting them in alphabetical order as Dr. Erskine 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Magic
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Arranged Marriage
Falling In Love
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

