Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony groaned as he half dragged himself to his bedroom. Staying up so late wasn't something he'd intended to do, but if it meant getting some work out of the way, it was worth it. With a tired sigh, he fell heavily onto his bed and went limp, not even bothering to change out of his oil-stained clothes. Loki woke up and glared at his lover. Loki moved a bit as he proceeded to literally kick the man out of bed and onto the floor. "Go shower. You're filthy."He was half-asleep already, and Tony simply let out a groan and looked up before falling over onto the floor. "Ow...." Tony frowned and looked up at Loki. "Love you too." No helping it now. If he wanted to sleep, he'd either have to try and bathe with his eyes closed or go to the couch. Oh well, it wasn't that uncomfortable anyway. He yawned and lumbered over to the sofa, dozing off quickly as he let his body fall.Staying up late Loki could deal with but he refused to share the bed with the man if he was filthy. "Good night Anthony." Loki turned back over going back to sleep.
It was cold. Really cold. Tony fumbled for a blanket before remembering he was on the couch. He pouted childishly then stretched and stood. He hadn't counted on it being so cold that night. With his eyes half shut, Tony stumbled into the bathroom and stripped down, the hot water a relief on his skin. His muscles relaxed as warmth engulfed him, and he felt for a moment he'd fall asleep standing up there. Loki awoke to the sound of his lover's moving around. He smiled as he heard the telltale signs of the shower turning on. Getting up, the demi-god ventured over to the bathroom, popping the door open.Tony stood under the shower head enjoying the water when he heard the door open. He tensed up, but relaxed again. There was only one person it could possibly be, unless there was someone else in his home that was interested in seeing him naked. He washed himself off then peeked his head out of the shower. "Do I smell good enough, your highness?" "Very much so." Loki smiled as he watched the man of iron continue with his shower. The steam fogged the glass but that did not hinder his view in the slightest.
Tony couldn't help the smile that crept onto his lips. He could feel Loki's gaze penetrating the glass of the shower door, and honestly, he didn't mind. Tony finished bathing and reached a hand out for his towel, pouting when he didn't feel it right away. "Loki, is my towel over there?" He stepped out of the shower, water running down his body, and frowned slightly when he saw Loki holding it. "Cute. Can I get dry now?" "And ruin my view." Loki huffed, "Fine." tossing the man the towel Loki ventured back into the bedroom. "Now if you'll join me the bed is rather cold without you.
"It would have been warm if you'd let me sleep in it earlier!" Tony dried off and pulled on his briefs before going into the room. "Hello bed." He smiled and collapsed onto the monstrous bed, sighing out as he snuggled up to his pillow. "See? The bed doesn't mind what I smell like. It likes sleeping with me." "But I prefer a clean you. Going to bed filthy is unsanitary. And if you like sleeping with the bed so much perhaps I’ll give you and IT some alone time." Loki suggested.
Tony looked at his lover then leaned close to him- "Don't start getting jealous of my bed." He chuckled and kissed the demi-god's cheek. "You don't seem to mind getting the bed dirty though." Tony spoke in a hushed voice into his lover's ear then tugged on Loki's ear lobe playfully. "Hm." For once Loki had nothing to say to that comment and wrapped his arms around Tony's shoulders as he proceeded to kiss at Tony's neck.He was slightly surprised by the demi-god's reaction. Normally hinting at anything any flaw he might have was enough to make Loki squirm, but this time he said nothing. Tony raised an eyebrow in curiosity, but wasn't about to give up a make-out session to ask stupid questions. "Your lips are cold." He chuckled a bit and pinned Loki to the bed before kissing him deeply. Loki couldn't suppress the squeak he let out as Stark suddenly had him pinned to the bed making a comment about his lips. Tony was flushed from his shower still and Loki lay under him pale and cold and growing colder.'That was cute...' Tony thought to himself. He loved getting Loki flustered. He'd get red in the face, and even though his skin would still feel cold, it was amazing to watch. He brushed his fingers through Loki's hair slowly, letting his tongue venture around in Loki's mouth. Loki fell into the kiss feeling the warmth of Tony above him. The winter months made Loki his coldest made him come closer to reverting to his Jotun form quicker."Don't think so much." Tony whispered softly against Loki's lips then kissed along his jawline. It was only once, and it was a good while ago, but ever since Tony had first seen Loki in his other form, his 'beast side' as he called it, they hadn't been quite the same. Loki wouldn't let Tony ge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/OC
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mpreg
battles
Violent
Rough Sex
Mythical Beings & Creatures
Weddings
Babies
Domestic Violence
HYDRA being assholes
Fluff
Anal Sex
Loki Does What He Wants
Good Loki
Fury is grandpa
Odin better parenting

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/OC
Pepper Potts/Steve Rogers

