Work Text:
Virginia “Pepper” Potts is a formidable woman. This is saying something, considering T’Challa grew up amongst the Dora Millaje and his mother. He has been navigating politics for years under his father’s schooling and now he himself is a force to be reckoned with – as both Black Panther and King. Yet here he is, sitting in his business clothes in his office, holding his breath like a child playing hide and seek. “Your majesty, I hope I haven’t caught you at a bad time.” Potts’ words are polite, but T’Challa can read the undercurrent. If he didn’t have time, he was going to make it. “Not at all Ms. Potts. It is a pleasure to hear from you. I trust you are well?” “I am, your Majesty. However, I haven’t called for a social chat.” “Indeed. Is this Stark Industries related?” “No, this is about Tony Stark and the breakout that occurred at the Raft.” A cold dread began to nudge at T’Challa’s spine, but he knew how to play the political game. No one outside of Shuri, the Dora and a select few scientists knew that the Captain was in Wakanda. Until Ms. Potts had conclusive evidence and outright accused him, she had, at best, circumstantial evidence. “I did hear about that. However, what does that have to do with Mr. Stark and myself if I may ask?” “I wasn’t sure if you would have had a chance to keep up with the news, given that you’ve only just been crowned and taken over ruling. Steve Rogers has had further assault charges filed against him.” T’Challa leaned back in his chair. What had Captain Rogers done now? Originally, he had granted sanctuary for the Captain and his Sargent in apology for his actions against Barnes. His grief had blinded him and he wished to make amends. This offer had not included the Captain commandeering a jet and breaking out his imprisoned team members, and then bringing them back to Wakanda. Bast, what had he been thinking when he let that one slide? He probably hadn’t, he grimaced. There was so much occupying his thoughts during the handover of kingship that he’d simply chosen not to challenge the American about it. A decision he could see was likely to bite him on the rear from the sounds of things. Regardless, he knew how to play the game and took the bait. “Really? Who by?” “Myself, in Mr. Stark’s name. I know from your UN reports that you followed Rogers and Barnes to Siberia and saw Tony there. You said the three were on civil terms before you left, and chose to follow Zemo outside and arrest him. Could you please elaborate further on what happened after that?” “I secured Zemo and returned to my jet. By the time I finished pre-flight checks and contacted the United Nations about Zemo, I had seen nor heard anything more from the three men and presumed that an agreement had been reached. I believed that Mr. Stark had been able to reason with his friends and was going to bring them in himself, while I focused on Zemo.” And that was exactly what he’d told the UN, he could hardly tell them he was harboring fugitives now, could he? “And what actually happened?” T’Challa was suddenly very interested in the woodgrain of his desk. Tell the CEO and risk his country’s security more than he already had, or lie to a woman who could take apart the world and risk his country even more so? “I was just about to take off when the Sargent and Captain Rogers left the base and asked for a lift. They were in rough condition, the Sargent missing his prosthetic and Captain Rogers looking very beaten. I asked about Mr. Stark, Iron Man, and was told by the Captain that he was fine, a little worse for wear. He told me that Mr. Stark needlessly attacked his friend but he ‘disabled the suit enough to get away’. I trusted the Captain’s assessment as I saw no reason for him to lie to me about his friend’s condition--” the CEO snorted at that moment, “—and then I headed for the UN headquarters, making a minor detour to drop off Captain Rogers and Sargent Barnes.” In Wakanda, he didn’t say, but he didn’t need to. “So you left Mr. Stark in the Siberian Hydra base, with no thought as to Mr. Stark’s condition, taking for granted the word of a man that you’d been fighting less than a day ago about the man you fought alongside?” “What is it you are accusing me of, Ms. Potts?” His father had been right, he didn’t have the patience for diplomacy. His chair was uncomfortable and he wanted to know what it was he’d supposedly done wrong. He was already trying to atone for one mistake. On the other end of the line, Ms. Potts sighed. “I’m sorry.” What? “It’s been a long week. I don’t mean to take this out of you, your Majesty, I wasn’t thinking. A little too much guns blazing and not enough CEO…” She trailed off, laughing weakly, and T’Challa could feel himself sagging a little in his seat. “Apology acknowledged, Ms. Potts. It has been a long week for myself as well.” “Well, it’s about to get even longer.” Oh Bast. “Something tells me this is to do with the Captain and Mr. Stark in Siberia, and those assault charges 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & T'Challa
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not A Fix-It
Not Steve Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Past Relationship(s)
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & T'Challa
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

