Chapter 1: I've Got a Theory
    


Notes:
(Link to my artist's cover of the songs is found by clicking the first words of the song! )




Chapter Text
“So, I've got this question,” Tony says when he walks into the Avengers' living room this morning, “and feel free to ignore me if, y'know, I'm talking crazy here, but have any of you spontaneously burst into song lately?”There is a moment of total silence. Then Natasha curses in Russian and Clint bursts out with “I knew there was something off with those back-up singers!” Steve says nothing, but he blushes, and Thor claims that he noticed nothing out of the ordinary, as he tends to spontaneously burst into song anyway.

~*~
Apparently Tony wasn't as subtle as he liked to believe, because when he eventually got around to asking the rest of the Avengers to move into Avengers Stark Tower, nobody seemed even mildly surprised. Which was a bit insulting, really, seeing as Tony wasn't known for letting other people play with his stuff. He even gave Bruce a whole R & D floor, for God's sake, and nobody even gasped in a dramatic fashion.On the contrary; within a month, half a year after the Battle of New York, all six of them were living in Stark Tower, just like that. Barton and Romanoff flitted between SHIELD HQ and the tower, Thor vacated in Asgard every now and then, and Bruce still seemed twitchy (although that might be just what he was like), but essentially, they were all around. And didn't drive Tony nearly as crazy as he'd thought.Of course, there was that whole thing between Cap and him, but that wasn't annoying as much as it was... sexually frustrating? Tony had stayed up many nights discussing this dilemma with his right hand; namely, what to do with the naturally-bottle-blonde, honka-dory 80-something-year old superhero he had such a massive, crumpling crush on.Tony suspected it had something to do with Howard and all the endless tales of Steve Rogers; how Howard had looked when he'd talked about his past friend. Eyes all bright and shiny, hands gesticulating, smile toothy and genuine; he looked proud to have known Steve Rogers, to have served beside him, proud in a way he'd never been of Tony. If his brain and libido had any sense of self-preservation they'd hate the guy, especially with that 40's stick up his ass, but instead they'd done an 180 and figured that obviously, Tony should fall head over heels with the kid.Which was just not on.So Tony lived with the Avengers and participated in all the team-building exercises without too much nagging. He played Fury's lapdog and saved the world a few times, with and without back-up. He poked fun at Bruce and taught the Big Guy how to high-five someone without knocking them senseless; he tried (and failed) to pick up Mjølnir; he started a prank war with Clint; he didn't try to ask Natasha out a single time or stare at her boobs or ass; he made fun of Cap. Because really, what else could he do with the super-soldier? They were from two different worlds, almost-literally, and while Steve seemed to settle into the 21st century just fine, he was still so... Steve. It made Tony feel bad to even touch the guy, like he'd somehow make Steve less – less something. Lesser.Sniping and quipping and making with the jokes didn't get him much, but it did give him Steve's attention, if only in the form of a glare, an eye-roll, or an exasperated sigh. After a while, Tony even introduced the guy to dirty jokes, because this century was full of them and someone should make the guy aware of the dangers out there. Or something.Maybe it was just to see Steve duck his head and purse his lips; see how his cheeks flamed up and his springy steps lost their sharp rhythm, if only for a beat.Tony Stark did not pine. He was well-versed in wanting things he couldn't have. He shut up about it; he buried it; he 'dealt' with it.He sure as fuck didn't sing about it.

~*~
“I sang a jazz number about the quantum tunneling effect,” Bruce says and looks startled, as if he just remembers. “Dummy and Butterfingers were back-up beepers. I did find it odd that they recognized the tune.” He blinks and looks at Tony, who just shrugs. “What did you sing about, Tony?”“Um,” Tony says. “Narcissism.”Bruce just nods, as if it should be self-evident, and Tony's a little hurt. Just a little. Because he'd at least thought that Bruce would know he was lying. “How about the rest of you?”“I sang a glorious ode to Anthony's toaster machine and Bruce's posterior!” Thor says. Bruce hides his face.“Love song,” Clint says and looks sour. “For my bow.” He glares when Tony starts laughing. “What about you, Tasha?”She just shakes her head, and the rest of them know better than to pry. “Steve?” Clint asks instead.“Um, the twenty-first century,” Steve says with an apologetic smile. “About everything I don't know. It was... it was a pretty long song. Fourteen verses. I'm glad I was alone. I fell asleep right after.” He frowns. “Or at least, I think I did. There were voices ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Thor

freeform: 
Singing
No seriously - so much singing
Musical Spell
Non-consensual singing and dancing
Yes that is a warning
Pining
Awkward Romance
Pre-Relationship
#coulsonlives
Fusion
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Everybody sings
Like literally everyone
fatigue
Hulk does not like singing
Past mind-control
implied PTSD
Loki does not care about your personal space

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Bruce Banner/Thor

