Work Text:
.Tony's in bed when they're finally able to come back and see him. Peggy's lying beside him on her stomach, looking around at the room while Tony dangles one of his suit bracelets before her face and smiles whenever she tries to bat at it; losing balance a few times and rolling to give herself a better aim.Sitting up sharply when the two of them walk inside unannounced, he stares - shocked for a moment - before relaxing when he realizes who it is and laying back down over the pillows, "Don't make me immediately regret giving you a key, you could at least knock." Clint shrugs at him with a half-smile while Steve simply walks past and inside, looking around through to the other rooms, searching for -"He's not here." Okay. Well, that doesn't exactly stop him from looking but he does relax a little, "Where is he?"Tony lifts Peggy into sitting up by holding onto her hands and gently tugging, watching as she smiles at the movement, and directs his answer to her instead, "He's stocking up for me. Isn't he darling." Peggy gurgles in reply, squealing when Tony then lifts her into his arms to make room for Steve when he comes to sit beside them, turning her on his lap until she faces the room and not his stomach, "So." He then says, lightly to the both of them, "When should I start to expect SHIELD agents swarming the place?"For God's sake.Steve glares at him, letting Clint talk instead, "Just because you don't trust us, doesn't mean we're not true to our word Tony. We, at least, trust that you know what you're doing and if we said that no one's coming, then no one is. Okay?" Tony just shrugs, jiggling Peggy's hands up and down with the grip that she has on both his forefingers, "Why's Loki need to stock up?""Because we're leaving." The bottom drops out from beneath Steve's stomach and he turns to stare at Clint for a moment, shock filling his blue eyes enough that the red surrounding them from lack of sleep is shown in abundance.Clint scowls darkly in contrast, not looking the least bit surprised at Tony's answer, and Steve sits up a little straighter to match that anger when it finally catches up with him;  "We just told you no one's coming!" Tony gives him a look filled with a thousand dry words, and Steve suddenly knows what he's actually saying. "I never pegged you for being obedient, Tony.""Excuse me?" Sensing a little tension, Peggy rubs at her face with the sleeve of her white onesie, her tiny baby babble becoming distressed. "It was my idea, for your information." Tony continues, softer to let his daughter relax but icily enough to let them both know that that went a little too far, "As soon as I told Loki about you guys finding me here - ""You told him?"" - I said that even though you'd promised that no one would come after us, I still thought that it would better for us to be on the safe side." Leather creaks audibly when Clint's arms tighten under his jacket, flexing. Tony ignores it. "So. We're leaving. Loki's gone to get some new diapers and powder and so on and the bags are packed - ""Tony -""The bags are packed. It's done." The iron man helmet clatters to the ground when Clint's arm swipes at it, slamming into a wall and cracking the plaster there enough to make Tony flinch at the sound. Peggy is shocked into silence, her eyes wide as she stares at what must be something familiar to her being treated awfully and Tony's arms tighten around her, pulling her closer. Pulling her away from them. "Clint. Think about this from my - ""We just found you!" The silence is over and Peggy's face scrunches in confusion at the noise, the anger. She lets out a wail but Tony's too focused on Clint to do anything to calm her, "Don't you get that? We thought you were dead. All of us. Pepper organized your fucking funeral." Tony swallows, looking down as Peggy's cries get a lot louder, reaching a pitch that even Steve gets a little concerned about really but Tony just cradles her gently, holding her close and rocking her. He ignores everything else, disrespectfully enough that Clint actually starts toward him, only stopping when Steve puts a hand out to stop him."Tony." He says softly, letting Clint turn away with a huff, "What is it you're so afraid of? Why - ?" He stops, not really sure what he's saying himself right now anyway. He just - wants to know why.Peggy chews wetly on her sleeve again, toothless and drooling, tears still in her eyes. Tony wipes them away with his thumb. "Do you think this is fun for me?" He whispers, looking down at her, and Steve shuts his eyes at the sound of his voice; clogged with the trace of tears. "I left you all. I left my life, my everything. I took only what I knew I couldn't live without and - " He stops, lifting his bracelet again and handing it to Peggy to play with, "I love her. I - I never thought that I would love anything so much as I do with her, but I do and I can't let anything happen to her. The way I live, who her father is, there's too many people that would tr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mutant Tony Stark
Past Mpreg
OC
Breast-feeding

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

