Chapter 1: On Your Knees (NSFW)
    




Chapter Text
“Doll?” Bucky knocked on the door. “Doll, are you there?”He frowned, wondering if he should enter. The food was ready and you had asked him to call you in your room when it was dinnertime. Bucky had never entered your room. No one had. On your first day living in the tower you had put on limits to the Avengers: the only rule they couldn’t ever break was the room rule. No one entered your room without your consent, and you never gave anyone consent. Bucky wasn’t sure if your request earlier included an exception to your rule. He didn’t want to break it and didn’t want you mad at him, but you weren’t answering, and he was there for a little while now. “Doll, I’m entering, okay?” He called. No answer.Hesitant, he opened your door. You were the one decorating your room when you came to the tower, and he saw you carry box after box to your room, various black boxes which had a content none of them could decipher. The place was empty, decorated with some pictures of you with relatives and had a violin on its corner, and the door to a spare room was slightly opened. “Y/N?” He called, knocking on the first door again.Soon, his enhanced hearing caught a loud song in your earphones, something catchy and happy. When he pushed the door, various locks and chains sounded loud, something that highlighted the fact that it was a very private space.Blushing in shame for intruding your space, he took a glimpse of a shelf full of teddy bears and toys, and under the TV, various DVDs of Disney and Barbie films were randomly organised. You were on your knees, a pink skirt so high on your waist that the end of your butt was exposed, and he could see it was covered by cute baby blue panties.He frowned and couldn’t contain a grin on his face when he realised what was happening while you talked to an orange huge stuffed fish he recognised as ‘Nemo’ about some ‘Dory’.He would never take you as an Ageplayer or anything more than a regular girl. Damn, you were miss perfect-ass, like a Steve Rogers 2.0. serious and flawless. But you, Miss Y/N Y/L/N, was a little girl in secret. “Fuck.” He couldn’t stop the moan.He always had a thing for you, but now? If it was hard to keep himself away from you before, he couldn’t imagine what he would do knowing you two shared a kink.Before he could even pull the door closed, you turned around, probably feeling his presence. “Shit.” You exclaimed when your eyes landed on him, running to close the door before he could see anything else.Bucky jumped back when the door slammed shut, going back to his senses and walking away from your room as quickly as he could. “Shit.” He exclaimed, walking to his own bedroom and undoing his belt and zipper, his cock already hard a leaking precome. You were always so hot wearing your uniform, fighting and being a commandant in some missions that he couldn’t actually take his eyes out of you. But all vulnerable like that, you looked good enough to eat.“Fuck, Y/N...” He moved his hand up and down his erection, moaning. “Always tempting me... Wish I could be your fucking daddy...”He stroked himself fast and hard and came in his hand in a matter of minutes, the image of you on your knees sending him over the edge. “Fuck.” He threw his head back. He was so screwed.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

freeform: 
Daddy Bucky
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
sub Reader
Reader-Insert
Daddy Kink
Little!Reader
DDLG
Age Play
Masturbation
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Steve ships it
Aftercare
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Submissive Reader
Dom/sub Undertones
Alternative Lifestyles
ddlg lifestyle
dom/sub lifestyle
Little Reader
little girl reader
Reader-Interactive
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Safewords
Safeword Use
Tenderness
Light Bondage
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Sex Toys
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

