Work Text:
Steve is pretty sure Bucky didn't start out doing it on purpose. Knowing that just doesn't help much. The first time, Bucky is sitting on the couch with Clint in Avengers Tower, open beer bottle on the coffee table in front of him. He's not buying Barton's arguments that a bow is a perfectly practical choice for a primary weapon."It's got too slow of a firing rate. You get off, what? four or five arrows a minute if you're lucky."Barton shakes his head. "One shot's all I need, Barnes.""Yeah, if you've only got one enemy. When was the last time we didn't get swarmed by whole masses of some kind of monster? That's the point. The world's got a bunch of mad scientists out there who make Stark look stupid, and you're gonna go up against them with something from the Stone Age?"Steve's pretty sure both Clint's smile and his answer are deliberately patronizing. "Well hey, I got you—when I need back-up.""Back-up?" Bucky bristles. "Who took out five alien snakehead guys last time while you were still reloading?"They go on like this all the time, competing, one-upping each other with their shooting. It carries over to the sparring mat too, where Clint insists having a cybernetic arm is cheating and Bucky offers to take it off and take him on one-armed. Steve might be biased, but his money is on Bucky winning even then. People know him as a sniper, but his real strength lies in fighting hand-to-hand. Steve just doesn't know what to make of the amount of energy Bucky and Clint put into their rivalry. Tony looks up from a financial report Pepper sent him. His mind only goes to one place, when he's not in the lab."Get a room you guys. "There's dozens to choose from." He makes a vague gesture to the tower at large.Clint ignores that. "Why don't you pick on Cap's choice of a weapon? There's nothing more Stone Agey than a fucking shield."Bucky laughs. He knows damn well he did enough griping about the shield during the war, mostly that it's too shiny and hasn't Steve ever heard of stealth? But he's a loyal enough friend to shake his head. "Can't complain about the shield too much. For one thing, you don't have to worry about it running out of ammo."Barton's not stupid. "You're just saying that because he's your best friend. You're a spy and a man of the shadows, Barnes. No way you think a bright painted hubcap is practical."A smile comes over Bucky's face. Steve may have trouble understanding how Bucky can feel the same about him considering where following him led, but he can see the naked affection in that smile. Open emotion doesn't come often from Bucky's these days. "Steve's not meant for that kind of stuff though," Bucky says. "He's a charge through the front door and crash your evil party kinda guy. The shield goes with him. When he was small and getting into fights all the time he used to try and block punches with garbage can lids."Steve smiles on the other end of the room. He remembers how lonely it was, being the only one carrying around these memories. Now he's got Bucky sharing stories about the old him as though he enjoys having a whole audience of people who adore Steve.Steve's supposed to be making headway into a small mountain of paperwork, but he's lost interest. It's been happening a lot ever since he got Bucky back.He tells himself it's because half the time he still can't believe Bucky's alive. The fluttery, uncertain feeling in the pit of Steve's stomach doesn't feel like disbelief though. Bucky picks up his beer for a sip. It must be good beer, the way he tips his head back for a deeper drink, lips opening to let more of the bottle's neck slide between them. The cold glass is green, his mouth redder by contrast, wet with condensation when he lets the bottle slip free.Steve doesn't mean to stare. He tells himself it's the artist in him, that it's fascinating the way Bucky's mouth is almost too pretty for a man's, pouty and curving like something you would draw. Bucky's too well-trained now not to feel Steve's eyes. He meets them from across the room and slowly brings the bottle to his mouth again for another drink. His lips wrap greedy and tight around the glass as his throat works to swallow. Steve's face goes hot, mortified that he immediately thinks of Bucky's lips somewhere else.Clint lays a hand on Bucky's arm and whispers something in his ear. Whatever it is, Bucky sets the beer down, elbows him, and mouths, "Shut up, Barton." He glances back at Steve though, doubtful and then considering. He looks away and Steve can see something's put him off balance.**For weeks before this, they've been spending a lot of time wandering through the neighborhood where they grew up. investigating what had changed and mourning all the old familiar landmarks the generations after them had unceremoniously torn down. Apart from grumbling that they can't understand how the modern world could fail to appreciate Woolworth's, he and Bucky have two favorite things to do on these nostalgic tours—play "remember when
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Truth or Dare
phallic food
Zero Manpain
First Time
Friends to Lovers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Robots
Team Bonding
Cock Tease
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

