Work Text:
He proposed two and a half times.The first was the worst proposal in the history of the world. He also had the second place spot, for the half time he tried. The second was awful too, but by no fault of his. Numbers and stats that he wished he didn't remember.They'd been working in the lab for well over two days, and both were in the bizarre state of mind between awake and asleep, where everything is funnier than it would be if one was slightly more coherent. Tony sometimes likened it to alcohol, without a "shitty hangover in the morning". Tony made some comment about Bride Wars—which, seriously, he'd never watched, honestly—and compared it to Pepper's upcoming anniversary. Pepper was with a S.H.I.E.l.D agent, which was still pissing Tony off two months after she told him. "—and how the hell is that any different from being with me? Seriously, 'I need time with you, your job is too dangerous'! And now she's marrying what's-his-face—""Hamish," Bruce supplied helpfully, not looking up from his notes."Hamish, and I'm gonna have to write a whole new program for better background checks, 'cause I swear to God, Bruce, if he even has a parking ticket I'm using that as an excuse to test my new repulsors!""Those aren't ready yet, Tony. Think you'll have to wait another week before you hunt him down. Hamish, who makes Steve look like a villain, because he's one of the nicest guys out there and who's job in S.H.I.E.L.D is to bring pets to traumatized victims. Honestly, I don't even know why they call him an agent, but I'm not one to judge." Bruce finally looked up, quirking a brow at his lover, smiling slightly at the mock-horrified expression on Tony's face."If he's so great, why don't you marry him?"Bruce outright laughed at that point. "Tony, the man works with fluffy animals. Somehow, I don't think 'danger', 'science', and 'green rage monster' are words he'd ever associate with his future partner. Besides," a goofy smile graced his face and Tony stared for a few moments at Bruce's lips imagining taste before focusing again. "How could I stray when that would mean no more us?" He gasped and spun around dramatically in his spinning chair. I think we're tired, Tony mused. "Isn't there some kind of scientific law that says something about Tony Stark and Bruce Banner having to be together or the world implodes, or Loki ends up ruling everything and makes a decree that everyone has to grow a moustache and eat copious amounts of pudding?"Tony burst out laughing at the ridiculous thought, and apparently his sleep-deprived body felt that it was necessary to make him collapse on the ground in a boneless heap of giggles, while Bruce slumped over the desk and laughed until tears streamed from his eyes. "What the fuck is wrong with us? We need to go to sleep. Now." Tony tried to convince himself that sleeping was a wise course of action, but when Bruce protested and said he just needed five more minutes to re-learn how to walk, he decided his lover was just too damn perfect to let the moment pass."Hey, Bruce. Let's get married."The laughter died faster than his first goldfish. Bruce stared at him, and Tony grinned, thinking he had just rendered Bruce speechless with happiness. He was very wrong."What?" Bruce asked quietly.Tony rolled his eyes and gestured between them. "You. Me. Matrimony. You must be more tired than I thought."Bruce just looked at him for a few more seconds before shaking his head. "I think you are, too." Tony frowned, his exhausted mind trying to make sense of that. "Uh, we should sleep, yeah? Come on, let's go to bed.""Okay," Tony agreed easily, trying to read Bruce's face. Did Bruce not want to marry him? That…sucked, if it was true. And where were these sudden thoughts of matrimony coming from? He'd told himself at the beginning that he'd marry Bruce is that's what he wanted, because he loved him, but since when was he so ready to tie the knot?After they'd climbed into bed, Tony pulled Bruce against his chest and mumbled, "M'serious, you know. I love you, n' you are the best. Don't want anyone else."He felt Bruce smile, and couldn't tell if it was sleepiness or trepidation in his voice when he replied. "I know that, Tony." Tony fell into uneasy dreams where those words weren't true, and Bruce didn't know that.xXxIt took Tony almost three weeks to recover from the self-loathing that made a grand re-appearance when he woke up and remembered his very, very not awesome way of proposing to Bruce. Nice, Stark, simultaneously asked him to marry you and insulted him. You have just royally fucked up.For his part, Bruce didn't seem to be bothered by the failure of a proposal, but there were small signs to the contrary. He was more hesitant to spend long hours in the lab with Tony, though he didn't stay away for long. He flinched minutely every time the word 'ring' came up, and he was talking to Natasha more often. The assassin and the scientist didn't converse often outside of work and meals. There was no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Strut Verse
A series of related oneshots
Science Boyfriends
Weddings
Marriage
Marriage Proposal
the story of how two dorks fell in love and wanted the world to know
Tony Being Tony
Bruce & Hulk Interaction
Fluff
Miscommunication
Tony and Bruce are trying to get the hang of this
and the result is way cuter than anyone thought
mischief and deviousness
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Saving the World
Supportive Avengers

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark

