Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Even when Phil Coulson was doing something ridiculously, embarrassingly, crushingly human, he was still a flawless, seamless black box of a spook. Whether he'd intended it or not, the handle "PC" essentially made him anonymous on the internet, lost in a cascade of technology review sites, blogs about "customizing your box" (what), and the odd tangent into political correctness, which is apparently no longer the politically correct word to use in order to discuss political correctness.

"It turned from categorization to mocking," Pepper explains, because despite the two certified geniuses with a half-dozen doctorates between them, a supercomputer artificial intelligence, an ex-Russian master spy stroke assassin and a living history textbook, she is still the only person who knows what the hell she's talking about. Ever.

"Oh," Clint says, feeling stupid and prickly and frustrated, pressure bottlenecking behind his eyes and feeding the low-grade headache he hasn't reported for the entire six months it's lived inside his skull.

Pepper tilts her head at him, considering, and asks, "Would it be helpful if JARVIS compiled a database or some kind of file of all of Phil's posts? On that forum?" 
Clint wants to say "no," because he doesn't like the idea of JARVIS combing through Coulson's hidden life's work. It still feels, sometimes, looking at the stack of pen-and-ink letters from all these online-only friends that Coulson had a fucking secret family, practiced bigamy in another state with 2.5 kids and a blond wife he saw when he was on sales trips — the whole nine God damn yards.  He grits his teeth. "Yeah," he forces himself to say, because he's an adult, and for Coulson to have been a secret bigamist, he would have had to have any family at all. "Yes — that would be good." 
Pepper smiles tightly at him. "JARVIS?" she asks no one. 

"I'll be ready within the hour, Miss Potts, Mr. Barton," Stark's robot lover says to them.

Fuck this fucking building is so fucking creepy, Clint thinks. He says, "Thank you."

"Anytime, Clint," Pepper says. "And feel free to ask JARVIS for help whenever — if it's within his security parameters, he'll always try to assist."

Later, after JARVIS has interrupted Clint's shower to say that the file is available, Clint says, through the billowing clouds of steam and the sound of rushing water:
"No offense, buddy, but this shit is not right." 
JARVIS replies, "Mr. Stark assures me that people become accustomed to it. Mostly."

"Mostly," Clint echoes.

"Mostly," JARVIS repeats.

Clint's going say something else before he realizes he's about to start shit with a fucking computer and decides to slam his head against the shower wall a couple of times instead.

***

Clint recognizes obsessive behavior for what it is, and finds that reading all of Coulson's old Howling Commandos HQ correspondence (posts? what the fuck do you even call this stuff? there's a 35K plain text file just analyzing a series of four Cap posters released in 1946) — similar to watching a loved one sleep — gets boring as fuck real fast. 

It doesn't help that the content is weird, so weird since Steve is either in a fifth-floor walk-up in Brooklyn near Franklin Ave., or two floors below Clint, depending on if you ask Steve or Tony. It's one thing to be uninterested because even though you had a fucked up past as a carney-turned-merc you are not weird enough to want to talk about the various depictions of Captain America's calves. It's another entirely to be creeped the fuck out because Cap and his actual calves are a routine part of your day. Every time Clint opens up the file JARVIS compiled, he has to hold back a reflexive wince and says a couple of "sorry, Steve"s like other people say "Hail Mary."

But he keeps reading through it, skims through all of the endless God damn threads of U.S. history infighting and every nerdgasm about new Cap documentary releases because in the midst of all this boring dreck, sometimes Coulson shows up — sometimes Phil shows up.

JARVIS knows what he's doing, and every thread that gets compiled in the neatly navigable file is heavily trafficked by PC's commenting, but just because he's typing doesn't mean he's there. PC says a lot of stuff about the best places to find Cap memorabilia, makes a lot of politely firm but nonetheless extremely threatening comments about maintaining decorum, and neatly disputes any attempt of Bucky's to argue that Cap was never actually a member of the armed forces.

But sometimes, PC says something like, "deserts are the worst, I hate deserts," or "that you don't recognize the miracle and joy of gas station food is your own loss" or "I thought I told you all to shut up about this already," and Clint can hear Coulson. 

He hears Coulson's voice framed around some shitty remark or another, because Coulson boiled down to his essentials was relentless competence wrapped in well-tailored suits, saying something patiently, affectionatel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
