Work Text:
"With some reconstructive surgery, replacement chest plate and extensive physiotherapy, I believe you may regain up to 95% of your previous mobility."Tony stares at the scan of his chest. The fake sternum was cracked pretty much in two, with hairline fractures running up and down along the crack. The thing was flexible enough that it had just barely held together, and the armour had acted like full body cast, keeping everything in place, but... yeah.If he still had the arc reactor there..."Mr. Stark?" Vision asks and Tony looks up. There's a moment of silence before Vision asks, quietly, "Should I schedule meeting with your doctor?"Tony looks up at him for a moment and then down at the scan again. "What's -" he stopped and swallowed. "FRIDAY, what's my total?""It's getting pretty impressive, boss," she says frankly. "This would make the 28th broken bone – and 54th fracture – if your sternum was still bone. Your lung capacity is at 67% of what it was pre-reactor and your blood pressure is holding pretty steady around 140. You're burning up bright.""And what's my eta on the build up?""Two years, and counting. Less with this, probably, but I'd need blood analysis to tell for sure."Tony nods and runs a hand over the cast they'd got him, which is more or less holding his chest together. He can still feel it, the phantom sensation of Steve driving the shield into his chest. He hadn't broken skin. Probably though he'd only broken the armour.In the corner of his eye Tony can see the local news play out on silent. They're playing footage of the airport showdown, the destruction of the buildings, showing close ups and profile pictures, pointing out combatants, identifying sides. There's occasional cut to a talking head, looking serious – Tony can read names on her lips.The world is simultaneously holding its breath and screaming out loud. Tony has already gotten a call from Ross, there are already demands and accusations in place like sharks in the water. And Steve might've not cut skin – but Tony is still out in the open water, bleeding.God, but he feels old. Not just tired or exhausted, though he does, but... old. He feels every single year he's been Iron Man pressing down on him and they feel heavy."Mr. Stark," Vision prods him gently. "Should I call your doctor?"Tony doesn't answer for a long while. Instead he calculates. Surgery, recovery, physiotherapy – what would that total to, six months? And that was if he got lucky and at his age and with his pre existing conditions he wouldn't. It would be lot longer. Eight months to a year to full recovery. A whole year without Iron Man…And after that only maybe another year if that before the toxic build-up in his organs would finally strangle him inside out.Tony draws a slow breath that hurts. "No. I'm done," he says and sits up with a wince. There's a pounding ache all through out his chest, spreading out with every heartbeat even through all the drugs he's on. "I'm wiped out. KO'd.""You need medical care," Vision says, sounding a bit confused."I need a time machine and unlimited power," Tony says vaguely, thinking for a moment of JARVIS and how it's just not the same without the bitching. "But we can't always get what we want, huh?" He pats Vision's shoulder. "I'm out, kiddo. Okay?""I..." Vision says, trailing off awkwardly as Tony stumbles towards the door. "Mr. Stark," he then says, concerned.Tony looks at him. "I'm beat," he says tiredly, trying very hard to not shake with the pain. "Vision. I'm played out.""… oh," Vision says, his voice small and for a moment he almost looks like he's about to hunch. Of course he doesn't – but he does fiddle with the edge of his sweater vest. "I did not expect that. I'm sorry to hear it.""Don't be," Tony says and turns to go. "It's long time coming. Take care, okay?""Mr. Stark," Vision starts, aborts, and then says quietly, "It has been a privilege.""Yeah it has," Tony agrees with ghost of a grin. "Look out for the kid for me, alright?""I'll watch over Mr. Parker," Vision promises and hesitates for a split of a second before adding, "Good luck… sir."Tony swallows and nods. Then he's gone.
 "It's as good a junction as any," Tony says, taking shallow breaths and not looking up while Pepper paces furiously along the room and Rhodey just... stares. "I'm pretty much done and fixing this," he motions at his chest, "would take too long.""Tony," Rhodey says, his face drawn tight, hands white knuckled as he grips the wheels of his chair. "You sure you're not thinking of doing this now just to punish Cap? You know what it's going to look like."Tony snorts at that and, ow, he really shouldn't be doing that. Sudden chest movements, bad. "It crossed my mind maybe," he admits and rubs at the cast. He can't even feel it but it still helps. "Mostly I just want to move on from this... stage. We're not getting anywhere – and hell, having a martyr might help the cause, whatever's left of it anyway," he mutters under his breath."The Avenge
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Character Death
Terminal Illnesses
Major Character Injury
Angst
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Euthanasia
Assisted Suicide
Steve slamming his shield into Tony's chest has some consequences
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
