Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Asset must have performed poorly during its last mission. It was being given an assistant.
The Asset eyed the dark-haired youth–The Assistant. Its eyes were as dead as the other Winter Soldiers’.
Why was this youth an assistant and not a soldier?
The Asset knew it shouldn’t question the handlers and should only think in battle—and only about the next strike. It should study The Assistant and search for weak points as well as strengths to use as needed in battle. Instead The Asset found itselfs comparing The Assistant to the other Winter Soldiers. The Assistant was leaner with some muscle but not much. Most likely it was more nimble. It would have to rely on tricks in battle to win.
The Asset didn’t use tricks. The Asset struck down its opponents fast and hard and would take on damage if it meant a killing blow.
“Do you understand?” The handler asked.
The Asset nodded. A blatant lie. Lies meant punishment, but so did hesitation. The Asset had gambled in favor of the lie going undetected.
The handler made a satisfied noise then gestured for The Asset and The Assistant to follow.
They were led to a small room to spar. In the room was a box of of items belonging to the labs. The handler barked an order at The Assistant, and The Assistant went over to the box. It sifted through the items then began pulling them apart and putting them together.
The Asset watched in fascination. Its study of The Assistant was interrupted by the handler’s order for The Asset to attack.
The Asset charged at The Assistant. The Assistant let out a sound of surprise. It scurried away, holding the gun of some sort it was crafting in its hands as well as a few loose parts. The Assistant snapped the parts into the gun just as The Asset seized The Assistant by the collar and slammed a fist into its face.
Blood flowed from The Assistant’s nose and mouth. Its hands shoved the last piece into the gun. It rammed the barrel of the gun into The Asset’s stomach. The Asset was forced to release The Assistant or be shot. The Asset was trained to take damage, but a bullet wound to the gut would be fatal and would compromise any mission. It would only be worth it if he killed his target in the process, and because there was no command to kill there were double reasons for The Asset to dodge.
A bullet hadn’t blasted out from the gun, but an energy of some sort, and for a moment The Asset felt something cold run down its spine.
The Assistant scowled at The Asset. The Assistant’s form was curled—terrible for fighting—and reminiscent to a wild animal when cornered.
The Assistant’s eyes flickered to the handler, and The Asset knew The Assistant’s next move.
The Assistant aimed the gun at the handler, but before it could fire, The Asset seized The Assistant by the wrist and snapped the thin bones.
The Assistant cried out in pain–it had not been erased of emotion yet. The Assistant dropped the gun and The Asset kicked the weapon away.
The Asset locked its limbs around The Assistant so it could not harm the handler or itself further.
The handler nodded. “Good. Now, continue sparring.”
The Assistant was exceptional.
The Assistant did not possess the same strength as the Winter Soldiers; however, it was stronger than the handlers, technicians, and agents. As predicted it moved faster than the Winter Soldiers. The Assistant was also a builder. The handlers during sparring liked to leave tools out, and The Assistant would flee from its opponents and scoop up the tools to rapidly build whatever weapon it could to defend itself.
Some days though The Assistant was given tools outside of a spar session, and The Asset was told to monitor The Assistant.
The Asset did. At first The Asset kept its distance, but after some time The Asset seated itself next to The Assistant and watched as its fingers moved fluidly over the items and tools it was given.
The Assistant was not pleased by the proximity the first few times The Asset plopped itself next to The Assistant. However, once The Assistant realized The Asset would not interfere with its crafting, The Assistant no longer seemed to mind The Asset’s presence. In fact, it soon after began to rest against The Asset whenever it took several hours for The Assistant to complete its task.
The Asset should have pushed The Assistant away; however, The Assistant, as stated, was exceptional.
The Asset couldn’t bring itself to push away its assistant.
The Assistant made missions much easier. What The Asset had considered a potential liability had become The Asset’s greatest strength.
It was why when The Assistant was forced to spar with another Winter Soldier and the soldier pulled out a knife The Asset jumped in front of the blade and took the hit. What followed was a flurry of strikes by The Asset, The Asset’s movements faster and stronger than they had been in previous fights.
The Asset stole the blade and stood protectively in front of its assistant.
The handlers shouted orders and murmured to each
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Canon-Typical Violence
Brainwashing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

