Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Agent Coulson looked up as Loki, Thor, and Steve Rogers entered his office in SHIELD's Los Angeles headquarters. "Close the door behind you," he ordered, then gestured for the three to seat themselves. When they had, he went on, "We need to talk about this business with the television show next week.""What of it?" asked Thor. "It was our understanding that SHIELD wishes for us to make this appearance."Coulson managed to remain impassive and yet simultaneously pull a disgruntled face-- Loki found it fascinating, how he could do so-- before replying, "It's not so much that SHIELD wants you to do it. It's more a matter of bowing to the inevitable, and trying to make the best of it. The Avengers are personalities--" Coulson uttered the word as if it were some malediction, although being Coulson he restrained himself from the use of "air quotes"-- "and people want to know more about you." "Indeed," murmured Loki, who despite having no secret identity took a certain amount of trouble-- magical and otherwise-- to maintain what Midgardians referred to as a low profile."That's the way things are, these days," Coulson said, rather sourly. "That's the way things always have been," Steve pointed out reasonably. "Or at least since before the war." No one, certainly not Loki, troubled to remind him that "the war" was not exactly a specific time reference on a world so prone to conflict as Midgard. Everyone in the room knew exactly the war of which he spoke. Steve went on, "I mean, I still remember the fuss people made over King Edward and Mrs. Simpson.""And certainly the existence of mythology implies such interest has always existed," Thor added. With a sly sidelong glance at his brother, he went on, "Mortals have ever been fascinated with the doings of… personalities. Their adventures and conflicts. Their loves. Who among them has borne a foal-- I mean a child-- to another."Clearly, Thor had gotten his hands upon a book of Norse mythology. Perhaps his beloved Dr. Jane Foster had loaned him her own."Who among them cuts the most attractive figure in a wedding gown," Loki retorted, without looking at his brother, who snickered. "Knock it off, you two," ordered Coulson, and the two aliens-- aliens, and not gods of anything-- sat up straight and mimicked Steve's expression of earnest sincerity. Loki's was the more convincing, which meant that anyone in their right mind would realize it was false. Thor's was considerably marred by the crinkles around his eyes. Coulson knew both brothers well enough to be aware they were mocking him but would also cooperate, so he let it alone and returned to the business of this meeting. "Now, the issue with the program is-- " he began, but Steve interrupted him. "Wait, Agent Coulson, shouldn't Tony be here too? Since he's also appearing on the show?"Loki cocked an eyebrow at the good captain, Thor looked patient, and Coulson frowned. "Steve," the agent said evenly, "the briefing is about Tony." Before Steve could protest such base treachery, or argue the discussion should not be carried on behind Tony's back, Coulson explained, "The woman who hosts the program is an old friend of Tony's-- they’ve worked together on a number of charity events. That's actually one of the reasons you've been booked on her show in the first place: this is a fluff piece, strictly for PR purposes, not hard-hitting journalism. Nobody at SHIELD wants you answering serious policy questions, or to be put in a situation where you'll be badgered to reveal sensitive information. So it seemed smart to have you appear on a friendly daytime program whose host is unlikely to try to corner Tony and bait him into saying something controversial. This isn't a controversial show."But. You never know what might happen, if the host gets curious and Tony gets expansive and… indiscreet." Coulson paused, letting them all think about that. Tony could be indiscreet enough when he was being discreet."Come on, Agent Coulson," Steve spoke up loyally, "you know Tony wouldn't-- " Common sense made him stop and consider. Rather weakly, Steve completed the sentence: "Well, not on purpose.""On purpose or by accident won't matter, if he blurts out information about our collaborations with British vampires and werewolves. For example." Coulson looked at Loki, who blanched at the idea, and then added, "Or if he accidentally mentions the name of a deep-cover agent, or something like that. You know Tony: his own life is more or less an open book, and he might forget himself, especially talking to a friend. You three are out, as it were: everybody knows who you are, and as Captain America and a couple of Norse gods--""Aliens," Loki corrected scrupulously. "Gods, aliens, it's all the same to the viewing public. You're interesting. Tony's Iron Man, and everyone knows it. It would be very easy for him to do all the talking and let something slip, if his fellow guests were retiring or dull, so that's where you come in.""You wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Annie Sawyer
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Character Swap
Heroes Can Be Assholes

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Annie Sawyer
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

