Chapter 1: The Coma
    




Chapter Text
It was another normal day in the life of Steve Rogers, former Captain America. At least that's what he thought it would be. A normal day.Every day he wakes up early, leaves the children at school, go to work, pick the kids and go to the hospital to visit Natasha. Steve pray everyday for her to wake up from the coma. She has been this way for one year, since the tragic accident that put her in a coma.Steve was on his way to the school to pick up the kids again. Steve received a call that would change the routine of his days. It was from the hospital.

- Mr. Rogers?



S: It’s me. What happened? Is it Natasha? What happened to her?



- Relax, sir. Rogers. She's fine, we're calling to tell you that she woke up.

Steve parked in front of the school and he had to lean against the seat, hearing this news. He has waited so long for this to happen. He couldn’t even believe what he was hearing, part of him had given up, the doctors thought she wasn’t going to wake up any longer. He remained positive by his children.

- Mr. Rogers? Are you on the line? Are you there, Mr. Rogers?



S: Yes...  Yes, I am. Thank you. I'll get my kids and I'll go as fast as I can. Thank you.

Steve hung up the phone and sighed.Steve looked to the entrance of the school and James was already there waiting for him. Steve honked and James came running.James was six years old now.
J: Dad!

S: Hi champ, come on in. Let's get Sarah in the other entrance.
James got in the car and took his backpack off, while Steve drove a few yards to reach the nursery door. It was the same school as James, but because it’s a day care center, the entrance is separate. Steve got out of the car and went to the entrance waiting for Sarah to leave.There were several mothers at the nursery door, waiting for their children. The mothers are always flirting with Steve, and they admire him because he is always the one who come bring and take Sarah. So a man like this, and handsome like that, is the dream of those mothers. Steve is always embarrassed, with the looks they give to him.
- Steve, this weekend, we're having a little party for Johnny. I want you to come. And bring Sarah and James, of course.

S: Thank you, but their mother just wake from the coma today. I think she won’t be attending to any party yet.
The woman couldn’t even disguise the disappointment she felt with the news.
- Really? Wow, that's… Good. The kids will be happy.

S: Yeah, sorry for not being able to go. We go on the next.

- Of course.
Steve is naive and doesn’t notice when they are flirting with him.The bell of the nursery rang and the teachers brought the children in rows.Steve was watching the 3-year-old Sarah in line. She is so little, so young, he hates to leave her in a nursery, but he needs to work, since he refuses the money the government insists on paying him for services that he made for the world.In addition, in the nursery, Sarah would have contact with female teachers and ease the lack of a mother in her life. Well, at least, that's what he thought.Sarah's class left. She smiled at the sight of her father and ran to him, but eventually fell in the middle of the path. Steve went to her, she was about to start crying.
S: But look, what is this? What a beautiful drawing, Sarah.

Sarah: Is for you, daddy.

S: It's wonderful. I loved! Come on, James is waiting for us and I have a surprise for you.

Sarah: Present!!!
Steve got Sarah in his lap and walked with her to the car, he put her in the car seat.Sarah looked at James.
Sarah: Jamie. Look.
Sarah showed her drawing for James.
J: What's that?

Sarah: Me, you and Daddy.

J: That’s so ugly.
Sarah broke the smile and frowned. Steve got into the car and started it, driving to the hospital.
Sarah: Daddy, Jamie said it’s ugly.

S: It's not ugly, it's beautiful.

J: It doesn’t even look like us.

S: She's young, James.

Sarah: Let's go on Mommy?

J: We go every day and you always ask if we go!

S: Yes, we will and I have a surprise. The doctor called, she you’re your Mom woke up.

J: What? Really?

Sarah: Mommy?

S: Yes.
Steve parked the car in the hospital. He took Sarah out of the chair. James jumped out of the car.
Sarah: The drawing! I want to show mommy!
Steve opened the car door and took the drawing.
S: Come on.

J: Come on, come on.
Steve was holding onto James's hand, who was pulling him in a hurry to see his mother. Sarah was on Steve’s lap.They arrived at the door of Natasha's room and she was finishing a meal. Hill was in the room with her and Natasha was talking normally, she was fine, nor even seem to have gotten out of a coma.Hill looked at the door and saw Steve with the children. She smiled at him and then looked at Natasha.
H: Look who's here to see you.
Natasha glanced at the door to find out who Hill was talking about. She looked at Steve and at the two children who were with him. Steve felt like his heart would come out through his mouth.James released his father's hand and ran to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
romanogers - Freeform
stevenat - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

