Work Text:

One.
Natasha's survival instincts kicked in the moment she woke, keeping her body still while she assessed her surroundings. She was clothed in a soft cotton gown with two sets of ties in the back, combined with the antiseptic scent in the air and the dull ache in her side that flared with each inhale, she concluded she was in a hospital. A decent one by the feel of the sheets and a friendly one by the lack of constraints. Wakanda. Steve. Wanda."I know you're awake." Tony said. "No one breathes that evenly with two fractured ribs. Good try, but I'm sort of an expert on broken ribs." Memories filtered back to her. "Is she contained?" Natasha glanced over at Tony, slouched against the doorway and next to Ayo of the Dora Milaje. She realized with a reluctant relief that he looked better, more rested, and happier. Without them. The bitter taste in her mouth was likely from the lack of teeth-brushing. Dental hygiene didn't seem to be a priority when there were broken bones. "In a way." Tony shrugged, caution and casualness and callousness were rolled into the lift of his shoulders, then appeasement and apology and annoyance as they dropped. "She didn't make it out. Something about drained life forces and balances in nature. She, um, imploded. Self-destructed. I'm sure T'Challa–" He turned to shoot Ayo an obviously faked cower, at which she rolled her eyes and he responded with a cheeky wink. "I mean, His Feline Highness, can explain what happened better than how I'm doing." Natasha blinked at the display of emotions before her. It was dizzying how expressive he was, an undeniably force of feelings that set her skin crawling. Tony straightened. "You know, I thought about what I'd say and even had a speech prepared but eh, screw it. It is what it is." He adjusted the pair of purple tinted sunglasses with a nudge, a subtle but visible layer of armor that he didn't used to need around these people he once considered team, friends, family. "If any of you need help dealing with what happened, call the tower. Pass the offer along, alright?" "Why me?" Natasha croaked, asking a question of no importance to the situation but of great significance to her. "At least you tried to apologize." Tony replied, then he left with a small wave and without another glance. It was as though the noises of the room, the hallway, and the medical wing all rushed back at once, drowning out Tony's parting footsteps. Natasha gaped at the empty doorway, only shifting her puzzled stare away when Ayo spoke up. "Mr. Stark's offer is quite generous, to allow you use of the technology he has developed. Given the Scarlet Witch's history, her attacks lean toward the psychological and the damage may linger for quite some time. Your physical injuries were sustained when you and the others–" Ayo sneered, no doubt thinking of a far less neutral term to describe the former Avengers. "–attempted to fight off the visions she inflicted on you."   Information and analysis shifted rapidly in Natasha's mind, processing Wanda's powers and their implications, deducing what technology was offered, and snagging on the sheer kindness of Tony's offer. This was the Tony Stark she had never met nor bothered to know, whose heart was hardened to keep betrayals at bay yet still capable to feel empathy for those subjected to mental manipulation. Like Tony had been. Clint had raged once about Tony's despicable attempt to absolve himself of Ultron with the claim of mind control. She had agreed and labelled Tony as pathetic, going so far as to lecture him in his lab. Natasha wondered, belatedly and pointlessly, how much red in her ledger came from her ill treatment of Tony. Selfishly, she wished she could somehow balance her debt, but she knew now whatever actions she took wouldn't be for Tony's sake. It would be to alleviate her guilt at Tony's expense, which would simply be another entry in the long list of wrongs committed against the man she never considered a friend. Natasha closed her eyes with a sigh, feeling inordinately fatigued by more than her physical injuries, and waited for sleep to claim her again. It was not peaceful and would not be for quite some time.*
Natasha only felt the coldness of the blade for a second before the warmth trickling out of her veins washed it away in a flood of red. Instinctively and uselessly, her hand shot to the wound in a feeble attempt to stop the inevitable. A severed carotid artery was a clear death sentence. She wondered fleetingly how she knew that as she gaped at the blood spray pattern on the wall, a wide arc that resembled a monochromatic rainbow. As the chills settled in, Natasha slumped further down until she lay lifelessly on the floor, staring up into the emotionless eyes of the Black Widow.
*The Accords had established a system of review and resolution for superheroes and enhanced beings. A panel would assess the case, hear from the responsibly party, and determine the appropriate sentence. This arrangement ob
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanoff & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Laura Barton
Scott Lang & Hope Van Dyne
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pro-Accords
Civil War Team Iron Man
Consequences
Wakanda
Broken Team Dynamics
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Lessons learned
5+1

fandom: 
Natasha Romanoff & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Laura Barton
Scott Lang & Hope Van Dyne
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

