Work Text:
Tony lays the individual pieces of the armour out and mentally catalogues the damage.Repulsors are mostly shot, overall structural integrity is somewhere in the neighbourhood of 30%, and the arc reactor is in two pieces in its chassis, all but melted into the metal surrounding it, completely unsalvageable. The fact that it hadn't just blown up and killed him is a down right miracle. What he is left with is three hundred pounds of busted bits up metal and burned circuitry and not much else."Well," Tony murmurs and sits on his knees on the frozen floor. No matter how he looks at it, he can't see a way to make it fly again. It's dead, beyond dead, a heap of extremely expensive scrap metal. "Shit."For a moment he just sits there, feeling angry and miserable and cold. Captain America's shield is sitting not ten feet away from him and he can't help but look at it and glare.Then he gets up and leaves the destroyed suit and abandoned shield behind.
 The half an hour he spends outside in the frigid Siberian night isn't worth it. The Quinjet is long gone, and however Zemo had gotten to the base, it didn't seem to have involved a convenient plane or helicopter or even a car for Tony to use. All there is now is frozen wasteland all around the place, no hope of a quick get away vehicle anywhere in sight.Tony goes back inside. Dressed only in the under suit he isn't exactly equipped to take on sub zero temperatures. Especially not as he is, bruised and battered and possibly with a twisted, if not a broken ankle.The base is dead too. Somewhere in the fight, they managed to break through enough walls to cut some very important cables, it seems, and so the base is dark and cold and getting colder. The power is still running – turns out there is a fucking nuclear generator in the belly of the place – it just isn't reaching anywhere.Problem is, Tony's hands are getting too cold and too shaky to try and fix it. The base hadn't been all that warm to begin with, kept hovering just at freezing temperatures to conserve power, and now that the heating and ventilation have been cut off...He spends some time looking for residential area of some sort, any sort, in hopes of finding some clothes. The Iron Man under suit is designed for the complete opposite of heat retention – it gets hot and sweaty in the armour, and the under suit is there to make it easier, not worse. So he leaks body heat, with no hope of easily or quickly regaining it in the cold HYDRA base.There is nothing though. The base is stripped clean of everything useful – except for fucking medical equipment, there's plenty of that. The best he finds is armoury with some bullet-proof vests and those aren't exactly helpful.In the end, he has to resort to the morbid."Heil HYDRA and all that," Tony says under his breath as he wrangles the first dead, frozen super soldier out of the cryo chamber. Getting the guy's clothes off with the man frozen stiff is not exactly easy – but it's infinitely easier than freezing to death. The guy is wearing a tank top which is pretty useless – but it's his trousers and boots Tony wants anyway.They're cold when he puts them on, and too big all around. The guy's boots are three sizes too big, and even colder.Still better than freezing to death.Uneasily Tony turns to the other soldiers. None of them are doing anything as sensible as wearing shirts with sleeves, but they all got trousers – and with enough tank tops on top of another, it would be better than nothing. Might as well get as much use out of them as he can, he thinks grimly, and goes about stripping them all.
 Trying to reconnect connect power with broken high voltage cables while the power is still running is not exactly the safest thing in the world to do, especially without the proper safety equipment. In the end, Tony doesn't even try and instead tries to run power from the part of the base that still has power using lower voltage cables stripped from around cryo chambers. Its... a slow process.And he's getting both hungry and tired. Fresh from two battles, freezing his ass off, and doing hard manual labour has that effect on you. Even with his cobbled together clothing – pant legs do not good sleeves make – he is wearing out, fast.He keeps working, stripping wires and connecting cables as well as he can with now aching fingers, running them slowly towards where he needs power the most – a control centre with what he hopes to god is a working radio. Its morning and he's been at the damn place for 12 hours by the time he manages it"Come on," Tony mutters after he's done wiring the power up and the radio crackles to life with buzz of white noise. "Come on, just give me this, just once let luck be on my side."Luck is on his side – or rather luck had been on his side.Because when he'd blasted the silo door to keep Barnes from escaping, he'd neatly hit two birds with one plasma blast – and destroyed the antenna along with the hinges. And being almost thirty years old secret HY
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Blood
Unsound Medical Practices
Comic Book Science
Hypothermia
Abandonment
Corpses
nothing's really graphic though
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
