Work Text:
Bucky starts it. He’s okay with admitting that. He’s enough of a jerk he wants to get under Wilson’s skin, maybe, to pick at him until Sam bickers back, but the only time he tries an actual insult Sam just rolls his eyes and Steve clears his throat real meaningfully. Bucky doesn’t give a shit about Steve telling him off, but if insults aren’t gonna get a reaction out of Wilson, there’s pretty much no point, so. He regroups, and considers Sam from behind his hair.“Hey,” he tries, “hey darlin’, can you pass me the milk?” Sam glances at him.“You talking to me?”“Yeah, sugar,” Bucky says, and grins at Sam with all his teeth showing. He catches the muscle working in Sam’s jaw as he clenches his teeth. Perfect.“Oh sure,” Sam responds after a long pause. “Here you go. Sweetie.”“Thanks, hon, you’re a real doll,” Bucky drawls, and pours himself another bowl of cereal, tops up his coffee, takes a mouthful of milk straight from the carton just for good measure. Sam narrows his eyes.“That’s disgusting,” he sighs, and Bucky makes deliberate eye contact, swallows another mouthful. Sam holds his gaze. “Cupcake, come on, I gotta drink that shit, stop putting your mouth all over it.”“I’ll put my mouth all over wherever I want,” Bucky tells him. “Sweetheart.”“Will you just,” Sam mutters, and sips his black coffee like he’s totally unruffled, and Bucky is startled to discover that he’s the one who’s blushing. Shit. Maybe this was a tactical error. “You know I got first dibs on the shower,” Sam adds, “that’s okay, right, you got a lot of cereal to eat, huh baby. I’ll try and leave you some hot water.”“Asshole,” Bucky growls, and Sam grins back at him exactly as if he’s been waiting for Bucky to take the bait and bite. Steve doesn’t even tell Sam off. It’s real unfair, is what it is. The next morning Bucky thinks maybe he's got to try another angle, right up until Wilson raises his eyebrows and looks Bucky up and down all considering. Stares at Bucky's wet hair for way too long.“You get hot water this time, pumpkin?”“No,” Bucky snaps. “Someone used it all up.”“Hey, it wasn't me, I haven't even showered yet,” Sam says, and then the both of them turn to Steve. “You fucker,” Sam tells Steve, “you jerk, Steve Rogers.” Steve blinks at them like he doesn't even know what he did.“Sorry,” he says, and grabs his phone, leaves the room. Probably making actual important tactical calls, which is just fine, because that means Bucky doesn’t have to deal with it.“If you wait an hour there'll probably be enough for five minutes,” Bucky offers, and Sam sighs, sits back in his chair.“Yeah, okay. Put more coffee on, would you?”“Sure thing, sweetcheeks,” Bucky says, and catches the way Sam glances over at him. He can't help but look back, leaning against the kitchen counter and staring at Wilson as blatantly as he can. He's not bad-looking, Bucky has to admit. Nice face, nice muscles, and right now he's appealingly sweaty from his morning run.Oh fuck. Bucky evaluates that thought and immediately deletes ‘appealingly sweaty’ as a phrase ever associated with Sam Wilson.“We're out of milk,” he says, accusingly. Sam shrugs. Gets up from the table to put his plate in the dishwasher.“Good thing I like my coffee black then, honey.”“You're such an asshole,” Bucky mutters under his breath, and Sam’s eyebrows go up again.“You're real bad at this, you know that?” he murmurs, leaning in close. Bucky can smell his sweat. It's not a bad smell. If he's being honest, he wouldn't mind leaning in closer. Sam's breath is hot against his ear. “You wanna start something, you gotta commit to it, sugar.” Bucky grits his teeth, tries not to react. It's true, goddamn it, which makes it even more infuriating. He started this and it's immediately gone sideways and he's got no idea what the shit Wilson is doing, except also.Except also, he kind of likes it.“Enjoy your cold shower, gorgeous,” he says, forcing himself to drawl it like it's easy, and makes himself eggs since there's no milk for cereal. Sam just drinks his coffee and watches, the whole fucking time. Bucky keeps trying, because he’s never been a quitter, and over the next week they escalate from honey and sweetheart and darling, muttering at each other whenever they’re in earshot and Steve’s far enough away he won’t catch them.“Morning, lambkin,” Bucky says, pushing coffee across the table, and Sam smiles a little.“Hey, buttercup.”Bucky frowns. It’d taken him half an hour to come up with ‘lambkin’, and he has to admit buttercup is a good one. Sam smirks at him, and Bucky lounges back in his chair, chews his food with his mouth open.“You’re disgusting,” Sam tells him, “you’re a deeply disgusting person, I hope you know that.”“I dunno,” Bucky shrugs, “Steve likes me.”“Steve got hit on the head too many times,” Sam mutters, “his opinions aren’t worth shit.”“Lotta people used to think I was real smooth, Wilson,” Bucky says, and tilts his head sideways, lowers his lashes until he’s looking up at Sam with the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Pet Names
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

