Chapter 1: The Phone Call
    


Notes:
Hey guys!So I got this idea and immediately wrote it. I'm still working on my other series, don't worry! Just couldn't not write this.Hope you enjoy!Update; The Story is now being edited by my very own, very new Beta SweetJess8o, which is amazing! So all the old chapters and upcoming new chapters, will now be edited! Shout out to her because I appreciate it a lot, I didn't even realize all the correction that she fixed and how it flows more easily now. So big thanks, and I'll post this notice in the next chapter I post too. :)




Chapter Text
Tony has had that damn phone for two weeks and it was mocking him. He threw it in the trash a couple times only to pick it out a few minutes later. He’s staring at it. Wanting it to go away. He hates it. But he can’t throw it away. Because doing so is like throwing them out. They deserve it. At least that’s what he thinks when he’s angry. But when he’s not he stares at the phone like it’s his life line. His phone a friend. But they’re not friends. Not after the war. He picks up the phone. His mind lights up with an idea. Before he knows what he’s doing, he’s dialing the number. The phone rings three times before it’s answered.

“…Tony.” Steve’s voice hitches a little.

“I want to talk to him.” Tony says flatly.

“Talk to who?”

“Barnes. I want… I need to talk to him. Put him on.” Tony all but demands.

“He’s in cryo. We can talk.”

“No. Go wake him up.” Tony says getting up and pacing. “You owe me this Steve.” Tony says as a way of reminding him. Because honestly he did. Lying to him about it 
for years? He deserves at least the chance to talk to the man who did it.

“I don’t think… “.

“I will fly to Wakanda if that’s what this takes, but I don’t think doing it face to face is a good idea. Wake him up.”

“How do you…” Steve cuts himself off. Tony would know where they are. “Who have you told?” Steve asks concerned

“No one, dumbass. Go wake him up. I will come over. Don’t think I won’t.”

“Fine.” Steve says getting to his feet. “I don’t think this is a good idea.”

“You owe me this.” Tony reminds him “You owe me a lot of things.” Steve doesn’t answer that.

“Give me a few minutes. I’ll call you back.”

“I’m calling if I don’t hear from you in one hour.”

“Okay.” Steve hangs up the phone. Tony paces his office for what feels like an eternity.

Meanwhile...

“Who was that?” Sam asks while the rest of the group listens.

“Tony.” He says softly

“He called.” Clint says half surprised. They all knew he sent the phone as it was a group decision. The letter was going either way, but they all decided.

“Yeah.”

“What’d he say?” Sam asks.

“He wants to talk to Bucky.”

“What?” Clint asks “No!”

“Why?” Sam asks “Maybe this is Tony’s way of getting answers or making peace. What’s wrong with it? He can’t hurt him. Bucky would know to hang up if it gets to 
him. You owe him it for not telling him.” Sam points out.

“He said that too.” Steve says looking down “And he’s right.”

“He knows where we are?” Wanda asks.

“Yeah.”

“He won’t say anything?” Clint asks

“I have a feeling he never lost us.” Steve says “No, I don’t think he will. He hates me, hates us, but I don’t think he wants us in jail for life.”

“He’s trying to get the charges dropped.” The king says walking in. “And he has known you were here the entire time. We’ve talked about it.”

“You told him?” Clint asks.

“Didn’t need too.” T’Challa smiles.

“Wait, back up.” Sam says “Charges dropped?”

“Yes.” T’Challa smiles. “He hates you, yes. But is trying to get you off with the best of intentions. Don’t want to give you false hope but he has a high probability of 
getting it. Mr. Stark is brilliant after all. And what brilliance can’t get you, money can.”

“He’s bribing them.” Steve says disapprovingly.

“I said no such thing.” T’Challa says disappointed. “Merely stating he’s hired the best legal team money can buy. Working all hours, doing everything he can legally, I 
might add. But that’s neither here nor there. I do believe we have a super soldier to wake up?”

“How’d you... “.

“I know what goes on in my kingdom, Mr. Barton and I probably monitor you more closely than Mr. Stark ever did.” If that wasn’t unnerving… “Shall we?” T’Challa 
smiles, genuinely. They follow him to the room where doctors are waiting.

Within a few minutes, Bucky opens his eyes with a sharp breath.

“Steve?” Bucky asks looking around “How long was I under?”

“2 weeks.” Steve says with an apologizing tone. “Tony called. He wants to talk to you.” Steve says being direct.

“Oh....What do I say?”

“You say what you think.” T’Challa says “Lying will only make your situation worse. I suggest only the truth no matter how much it hurts either of you. He deserves 
that, and so do you.” Bucky nods slowly as Steve dials the number.

Meanwhile...

Tony’s been pacing for 42 minutes. Looking at the clock every couple of seconds. He actually jumps when the phone rings, but answers it immediately

“Hello?” He asks hesitan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Maggie Lang/Jim Paxton

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Brainwashing
Hydra (Marvel)
Past Torture
Tony-centric
Bucky Barnes-centric
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Talking
Enemies to Friends
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve is believing a lie
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Angst
Bucky Barnes Angst
they just needed to talk about it
it's all cool really
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It
Fix-It of Sorts
Mostly fixing Bucky and Tony
I might continue this longer than 2 chapters
what do you think?
i like tagging
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Arc Reactor
Arc Reactor Issues
Arc Reactor Angst
multiple personalities disorder
Borderline Personality Disorder
Waterboarding
mentioned - Freeform
Guilt
Tony Blames Himself
For All Of it
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Suicide Attempt
(past) - Freeform
Team Cap sucks
they're assholes
I have so many tags
i'll stop now
multi chapter fic now
barf
Nightmares
I added more tags anyway
and i'm sure i'll continue to do so
Dissociative Identity Disorder
I found the right tag
Nightmare Roulette
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
I keep adding more tags
the list keeps getting longer
T'Challa knows all
Trust
Jealousy
I can't help myself with these tags
I keep thinking of more
don't mind me
Steve is Moping
Bisexual Tony Stark
Gay Bucky Barnes
Doom bots
Showers
Non-Sexual Showers
Sick Bucky Barnes
Scars
Self Confidence Issues
Self-Esteem Issues
mini bits of Fluff
Boxers
briefs
Insecure Tony
Insecure Tony Stark
Birthday
Birthday Party
Birthday Fluff
tony's birthday
Rhodey can walk!
Uncle Tony
Uncle Tony Stark
I can't help myself with Uncle Tony
Every time...
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Child Abuse
Pansexual Tony Stark
Two-Armed Bucky Barnes
Accidental Drug Use
Drug Addiction
Addiction
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Rescue
the calm before the storm
All hell is about to break lose guys
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
for real this time

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Maggie Lang/Jim Paxton

