Work Text:
Tony Stark is a genius, there is no doubt about that. You only have to look at his track record—MIT at age fourteen, built an arc reactor in a cave with a box of scraps, built Iron Man—and you realize that he’s one of the smartest people in the whole damn universe. Nevertheless, despite being so goddamn smart he sometimes gets headaches from thinking too much, Tony still has no idea how this happened.And by this, Tony means being in relationship with Steve and Bucky. Together. The three of them. All at the same time.See, just thinking it like that is enough to make him squint at the idea, wonder if he’s had one too many and start asking JARVIS to bring up all their conversations and moments together to see if he can figure out how in the name of Einstein this happened.Obviously, and this shouldn’t even need to be said, Tony is not complaining. He’s simply confused.He’s had a ridiculous crush on Captain America practically since the day he was born, and even though he and the real deal didn’t get off on the right foot, it wasn’t hard to realize Steve more than lived up to the legend. Tony wished he could lie and at least say his affection started off as a small, innocent crush that grew over time, but the reality is that one day he woke up and the thought hit him with the force of a sledge hammer.‘I’m in love with Captain America. Fuck, scratch that. I’m in love with Steve’.Steve, who was Captain America and so much more. He was the epitome of strength and loyalty, stubborn to a fault and so brave it made Gryffindors look like shit. Steve was chosen to become the world’s very first super soldier because of how inherently good he was, and everyone else—Tony very much included—paled, to not say something worse, in comparison.Tony would have drank himself comatosed if given the time after this wonderful realization, just to see if he could erase it from his mind, but then they discovered the Russians had found another Capsicle in the ice, only this one was named Winter Soldier-sicle (Winter Lollipop? Winter G.I Joe? Frozen Soldier?), had had his mind wiped and was now a secret assassin with a mechanical arm and boy, was that one hard to deal with.Tony hadn’t been around much—because no one had called him and if Fury thought Tony was going to forget that anytime soon he was sorely mistaken—and before he knew it the real Bucky was back, and Steve was one step away from bursting into tears every time he so much as looked at the man. And, well, Tony was not dumb. He saw what Steve looked like when he was after his buddy turned death merchant, saw how Steve looked at him afterwards, like he couldn’t for the life of him believe he had his best friend back, his —shit, Tony didn’t even want to think about what else they might be. The point was Tony saw the looks Steve gave Bucky, and he saw the looks Bucky gave Steve—a little more guarded but just as heated—and he knew it was game over for him before the game even started.His heart, however, refused to get with the program. Tony went back to his drinking stupor plan, which worked phenomenally until one night Bucky showed up at his workshop—stupid spy assassin with stupid door breaking skills—and told him to get his shit together or Bucky himself would kick his ass to the ground. Apparently, his behavior was affecting team morale and hurting Steve’s feelings. After Bucky said that, Tony stared at him for so long he actually got face cramps—he didn’t even think the team liked him—but that was beside the point.Next morning, after a a couple of painkillers and a scalding shower, Tony decided to be a mature adult. He called Bucky down to his shop so he could start work on making him a new arm, because the thing he was using now was ridiculous and so painfully bad it made Tony want to cry (“What is this? Iron? Are we in the dark ages or something? Sit down, I need to get your measurements.”). Also, he wanted Steve to be happy, and making Bucky happy would help him achieve that and Pepper would never get to call him emotionally stunted again because you didn’t get more mature than this, not by Tony’s standards at least.And then, because his life was a bad SyFy movie that ran at three a.m. every other Thursday, he discovered that Bucky was absolutely nothing whatsoever like Steve and Tony loved that—as in he loved, loved that.In many ways, Bucky was like Tony himself. Full of charm with a silver tongue and a sinful smile, he had a wicked sense of humor and a more cynical view of the world, which meant he and Tony shared many of the same opinions.But in other ways, Bucky was quite different from him. Tony had began to cultivate a public persona since the day he was old enough to stand in front of the cameras. His charm was a tool with many uses, and Tony knew how to use words as weapons, whereas Bucky was strictly a punch first, talk later kind of guy. Now that he had his memory back, he was also wary of the twenty-first century—maybe because he was a man out of his t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory
Fluff
Happy as dicks
Spooning
Cuddling & Snuggling

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

