Chapter 1: Saved
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
 
Tony wasn't popular. Well, that was actually an understatement. Most of the school ignored his existence, which was fine by him, while the people who did notice him only did so when they needed money. Or booze. Or both.
Everyone knew he was a rich kid, but hey, he went to a rich school. The people with scholarships thought he didn't deserve to be there and only bought his way in. And the people who were rich like him hated Howard, and therefore they hated Tony. That’s what you get when half the attendees had parents working for Hammer Tech.
He probably could have bought some friendships here and there, if he had thrown his money around like most rich kids did. But he didn't want that. He rather have no friends than fake friends.
Tony did have some friends though. Bruce for example. His science buddy. Here on a scholarship, Bruce only cared about Tony's brain. They hung out a lot. Jane joined them sometimes, when she took a break from making out with her wrestler champion boyfriend, Thor. And first year student Peter, who was too clever for his own good and stayed home more often than not. And then he hadn’t even mentioned Rhodey and Pepper who already graduated and were both busy with their own lives.
That was about it though, so he might not have a lot of friends, but he'd deal.
The problem wasn't his friends; it was... Well, his enemies? That sounds too dramatic. But bullies sounds too weak. Anyway, Justin Hammer and his Gang of Jealous Assholes© made his life hell whenever they could. Hammer's dad had some sort of problem with Howard, so naturally that meant Justin would have to hate Tony. Yeah great.
 
Of course, just as Tony left to catch the bus home (his car had been trashed by Hammer and his gang three times so now he had to take public transport to "learn the value of his properties" ~Howard), Justin showed up by his locker.
 
Tony actually didn't remember much after. Just pain and taunting voices.
 
 
 
He woke up in a corner between the building and the dumpsters. There was blood on his face and everything hurt. Tony groaned and clasped a hand against his throbbing ribs. Shit. They really went all out this time. He probably had some cracked ribs again. Maybe a concussion? Ugh. It was hard to focus.
Just as he tried to push himself to his feet, he heard something. Footsteps. Did they come back? To make sure he stayed down this time?
Tony wasn't really good at staying down, or at shutting up. It's what got him into trouble most of the time. This time though, he hadn't done a thing. So Howard must have gotten a contract Hammer had his eyes on. Happened. Quite often actually.
"Stark?"
 
Shit. Shit shit shit.
 
Tony carefully looked up through his swollen eye and swallowed thickly when he saw who were approaching.
Steve Rogers, captain of the football team, and his sidekick/right-hand/boyfriend, James Bucky Barnes. The two most popular and hottest guys in this damned school. Both scholarships, and both perfect. Not that they knew Tony existed. But whatever.
What the hell were they doing here?
 
"Who did this to you?" The brunette, James, asked roughly while Steve was carefully helping Tony to his feet.
"You need a doctor. We can call-" The blond started but quickly got interrupted by the panicking genius.
"No doctor. I'll be fine. I just, need to catch a bus home. I'll sleep it off." He rambled though there was a slight slur in his voice. Fuck he really hit his head hard.
James snorted and shook his head. "Kid, you can barely stand."
"Please... No doctor. I'll pay you. Whatever you want. Please. Just please no doctor." Tony wasn't above begging; it's not like he had any pride left. Or anything to lose.
Steve seemed torn and he and James shared a look. The blond finally focused back on Tony, who he was still holding up. "My mom is a nurse. We'll take you to have her look you over." He said sternly. When Tony opened his mouth to argue, Steve glared. "That is not open to negotiation."
Tony nodded along, already relieved to keep doctors out of it. Doctors meant his father finding out. Which meant a lecture about how weak he was, and how useless. And how he should have fought back like a real man. Nine of them against one of him. Sure. Just fight back.
 
The worst part was, Tony did fight back. He struggled and threw punches around. He often even carried around a makeshift weapon which could take down at least a few of them. It was just never enough and only pissed them off more. And now he was being half carried to the parking lot by two giant hotties. They were actual giants though.
 
"We aren't giants, you're just small, Stark."
Shit, he had said that out loud. What else did he say out loud?
"Stark, stop talking and sit down."
Oh, they made it to a car. A rusty death-trap. But it probably once was a car?
"Stop judging our ride and buckle up."
Oh that was Bucky who sounded annoyed. Heh. Buckl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Rhodey
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Bullying
Insecure Tony
Alternate Universe - College/University
Alternate Universe - High School
It's like something between College and High School
mostly college though
Miscommunication
Money
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Physical Abuse
Child Abuse
even though Tony is 17 he's technically still a child
Tony-centric

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

