Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Twenty-seven good agents are dead. Twenty-seven. Eleven of them were married, fourteen had children.” Fury stood in front of his senior staff in the large lobby of the HQ, beside him, on his knees, Agent Clint Barton, tied, gagged and held by two other agents, Lester and Meine. 
“You, Agent Barton, led the attack that got these men and women killed. And the only reason you are not sentenced to death is the fact that Loki messed with your brain.” 
Clint looked at Fury disbelievingly. He never wanted to attack the helicarrier, he never wanted to harm anyone of his friends and colleagues. Loki forced him to do it.
“You're here to make amends for your actions.” Fury turned to him. “Specialist Barton, you are removed from your duties. You are removed from SHIELD and you'll lose your rank. You will stay here in the lobby, chained. One day for every dead agent. And all your colleagues are allowed to carry out your punishment. Every agent, and in that case it includes the Avengers as well, are allowed to do whatever they want as long as it's not permanent, crippling or deadly. When these twenty-seven days are over you will be sold to the highest bidder and the money will go to the dead agent's families.” 
Clint swallowed and shook his head. It wasn't his fault. He fought. All the time he was under Loki's spell he fought but he couldn't break the mind control. If he weren't gagged he would've pleaded right now. SHIELD was his life, his family. Fury couldn't do this. 
But he did. The two agents who held him grabbed his arms and pulled him up and Fury himself stepped up to him and ripped off the SHIELD-logo from his uniform. He nodded at Lester and the man held him while Meine started to cut off his clothes. Clint started to struggle. They couldn't do this. It wasn't right. It wasn't his fault. It took only a few minutes and he was naked in front of all the people he knew, he worked with, he called friends. He looked at Natasha for help but her gaze was as hard and relentless as Fury's. The only one who seemed a little bit uncomfortable was Rogers but he stood between Natasha and Stark, his arms folded over his chest and watched. 
Lester and Meine dragged Clint through the crowds to the other side of the lobby. They had installed a pole with shackles and they opened the cuffs behind his back. 
Clint was fast and he was good but they had held him in a cell the last three weeks and he was a bit out of shape. He fought nevertheless, could place a few blows but then he was hit by something that felt like a sledgehammer and he crumpled to the floor. When he opened his eyes again he could see Thor looming over him, staring down at him with the same merciless gaze and he knew that his chances went to zero. The Asgardian held him while Lester and Meine fastened the shackles around his wrists and then all three stepped back. Clint stood there, naked and his hands tied tightly over his head, his body for everyone on display.
He looked again at Natasha, the woman he called his best friend. Till today. She held his eyes with hers and pressed her lips tight together. He could see that she also blamed him for the dead agents, for Coulson. 
Fury came over to him and the Avengers followed him. Lester had uncovered the shelf behind the pole and Clint could see all sorts of torture devices and he shook his head in shock. This had to be a bad dream. This couldn't be real. Not happening to him. It was a nightmare. Another one. He always had nightmares since Loki took him but this was by far the worst. He tried to force himself to wake up but it wasn't a dream. He was awake and Fury went to the shelf and looked at it's contents and then he chose a braided bullwhip and Clint's eyes went wide. 
With a cruel smile on his lips Fury turned to Clint who struggled against the shackles. He stepped in his personal space and placed a hand on his side only an inch under his right arm and let it trail down his body to his hip. Clint swallowed hard but held Fury's gaze with his eyes. The older man could see his fear, he couldn't hide it. It wasn't his first encounter with a bullwhip and he knew it would be painful. He had a set of scars on his back to tell the story. Fury's hand lingered on his hip longer than necessary before he turned Clint around and kicked his legs apart.
“Don't move,” the director whispered into his ear and he shuddered. Fury stepped back a bit.
“Twenty-seven dead agents, twenty-seven lashes with the bullwhip.”
Clint closed his eyes and bit down on his gag. He wouldn't scream. He wouldn't give them this satisfaction. He was wrong. 
When the strap hit his back for the first time he grabbed the chains on his shackles. He stayed still for five lashes, he kept quiet for twelve. He screamed into his gag till he lost conscience after the twenty-first. Meine poured ice cold water over him and he scrambled awake, gasping. And then Fury continued.
Afterwards he hung in the chains, heavily panting, bleeding, shi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/OCs
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Maria Hill

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dark
Slavery
Sexual Slavery
Corporal Punishment
Rape
Whipping
Torture
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Branding
Nipple Piercings
Genital Piercing
Stockholm Syndrome
no happy ending for Clint
slave!Clint
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/OCs
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Maria Hill

