Chapter 1: That one time Darcy bought the God of Mischief a cup of Coffee
    




Chapter Text
“Are you a sorceress?” Loki asked, “Or a common hedgewitch.”Darcy had caught a glimpse of leather and metalworking while she had tapped away on her computer, but when she looked up, the verified god of mischief was wearing a lovely tailored black suit. The first thing that managed to scramble out of her mouth was, “Seriously?” Her taser is in her bag against her right foot, but Darcy severely doubted she could make a grab for it before Jack Frost over there put her through a meat grinder. Loki made no reply, but instead seated himself in the ottoman to her left, crossing his long legs that went on for an eternity. “You are certainly not mortal,” he said. Darcy tilted her glasses at him. “Nope,” she said. Loki’s eyes appraised, which, seriously, was an entirely different universe than the barista taking her order from roughly breast-level, but also wasn’t as creepy, in some weird way. Darcy slammed her laptop shut. “Your brother thinks you’re dead, y’know,” Darcy said. “Again.” Loki acted like he hadn’t heard a thing she had just said, which, seriously, really didn’t happen in her life enough. It really didn’t. Why did she not keep her taser on her person. Darcy, c’mon girl. But then Loki did the thing that Thor sometimes did, where he just looked, and waited, and went creepily still while Darcy was either forced to A: stare back at him with an equal amount of intensity in a battle for which of them had the biggest balls, or B: find something to do with her attention because goddammit was Loki pretty cut. And Darcy had done interns, biker guys, computer geeks — she snagged a permanent virus protection from that one, thank you very much. Completely worth the awkward, clingy texts for the next month and a half. And apparently one of her new kinks is perfectly fitted, tailor suits because damn. Men in suits really was the women’s kinky panties. But after a moment, Darcy rolled her eyes, and gave in.“So, are you gonna like, kill me and stuff,” Darcy cautioned, “Or do you, uh, want a cappuccino or somethin’?”“Coffee, if you would be so kind,” Loki said, smooth as silk. “Black and sweet as the dark’s kiss.”Seriously. Darcy’s hands dangled after she stood up. Seriously?If she could get the barista with the wandering eye problem to write ‘Jack Frost’ on Loki’s cup, she might actually forgive him for speaking directly to her sweaty cleavage. Both of which Darcy was denied, because the barista was too busy hiding from the God of Mischief to actually do anything more than pour the coffee and shove it at her. At least his eyes were on the floor.“You did not respond to my question,” Loki said. He took his coffee from her, “I asked you if you are Sorcerer or Hedgewitch, or some other manner of midgardian magic.”Darcy pushed her glasses up her nose as she sat down, “Uh, nope. Darcy Lewis, nice to meet cha. PoliSci graduate, factoring my missing three credits. Lab assistant for a scientist with a sex god boy-toy. General coffee fetcher. Life coach.”She almost expected him to react to the coffee, but there was nothing on his handsome face but a serene sense of elegance that just avoided Darcy entirely. For real, Darcy had become one with whiffy lab coats and coffee stains and Poptart crumbs.“You are,” Loki said, narrowing his blue eyes. He had one hell of a smile, for fuck’s sake. Darcy mentally hit herself. “Something. You are not like the others in this realm.” “Nope,” Darcy said. “I’m just the one that tazered the god of thunder,” she paused with the sippy straw between her lips. “You know, your brother? Bout’ six two, twice your size, swings a hammer.” Darcy held up her arms like a gorilla, to show him. Loki had a strange combination of distain and honest amusement on his face, it was a weird combo. But, hey, she could work with that. “If you are indeed mortal,” Loki said, looking her up and down, “Perhaps I should see fit to judge Midgard better.”Darcy examined him, this time, because she could swear to all things good and only illegal in twenty seven states, that eight months ago her opponent for the title ‘world champion snarkmaster’ had attempted to, you know, take over the world through subjugation. “Yeah, well, I may or may not have both Iron Man and Pepper Pots on speed dial,” Darcy said, noncommittal. “Neither of which are people that you would want to be pissing off at the mo’, Frostyknickers.”“Have you ever tazered the Man of Iron?” Loki asked, leaning forward and looking intrigued. “I threw him from a building once.” Darcy remembered. Tony still wouldn’t stand near the higher windows at the top of Stark Tower. “No, but there’s still time. I could probably hit you with my car, too, if you want to join the club.” Darcy looked at Loki, eyebrows raised. Loki looked at Darcy, doing that examining thing that was apparently completely natural for him. Darcy wasn’t sure why she wasn’t terrified, somewhere, at the moment, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

freeform: 
As usual Darcy is the snarkmaster
but Loki is welcome to try and take her title
he will not win
tasertricks - Freeform
Smut
post thor 2 just fyi

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki

