Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was… unsettling to be back.Siberia is colder than Steve remembered – colder and darker. It's winter now, though, and in Siberia you don't get that much light even during day time in December – and it's morning right now. Sun won't even try to get up in few more hours.There's a lot more snow now. It's piled up and over the silo doors, and it takes effort to find the entrance they'd taken – it's all covered in snow. Even with the right equipment and proper gear, it's chilly."Well, this place is welcoming," Natasha comments, as they eye the piles of snow between them and the way into the base"Aren't they all," Steve answers, squeezing his hands into fists in his gloves and opening them again – squeeze, release. "I'll get the shovels.""Ugh, house work. Wonderful – should've brought Clint after all, he excels at this stuff," Natasha complains half heartedly. Steve shakes his head, not really in mood for jokes, and instead jogs back to the helicopter. It's an excuse not to think, to concentrate onto the problem at hand.He's kind of running out of excuses. Excuses and time.Natasha accepts her shovel without a word and together get to it, shovelling the snow away from the entrance, clearing a path. Chances are they will have to carry a stretched through here later, so they make the path a little wide than is strictly speaking necessary. Idly, Steve wonders if Natasha is trying to buy little more time by the precision she puts into the shovelling. He knows he is.Eventually, the way is clear. Reluctantly they strike their shovels into the bank of snow and Natasha goes to check the door. "Well," she says after moment of testing the keypad. "Power's out.""Let me try," Steve says, and she steps away with a slight after-you-gesture. Taking a breath Steve braces his shoulder against the heavy metal door and pushes. And then pushes again, harder.The metal shrieks and the hinges grind hard enough to vibrate – but the door opens.Inside it's dark, and cold – though not quite as cold as outside."After you," Natasha says, taking out a flash light. Steve does the same and then, with a deep breath, plunges in.Inside, the air is still and a little stale. There's a bit snow piled up by the door way, and ice crystals crawl up the walls. Steve looks at them, weirdly uneasy at how prettily they glitter on the spotlight of their flashlights, and then they move on, deeper into the facility."Looks like power is out for more than just the door," Natasha comments, idly testing every light switch they come across. "Did you happen to see what powers this place anyway?""Can't say I did," Steve says. He rakes the corridors with the flash light, hoping for some sign of… something better than what they're expecting. A sign of life, or departure, something. Anything other than this cold, dead nothingness.The place is as empty as he remembers – and far colder."I think there was some heating here the last time we came here," Steve comments."There's definitely none now," Natasha muses, aiming her flashlight up. There are icicles hanging from the grating of an air vent. "So. I'd love to keep beating around the bush, but… we're here. Where did you leave him."Steve takes a deep breath and then sighs. "This way," he says.They encounter nothing that might give him hope, nothing that might… indicate the worst hadn't came to pass. The rooms they encounter are empty, the corridors vacant. Steve resolutely keeps himself from dragging his feet as they make their way up and to the platform where he'd last seen his shield, among other things.The shield isn't there anymore.And neither is Tony."He's not here," Steve whispers, almost stumbling over to the spot where he'd seen Tony last, leaning against the concrete struts. There, Steve had pinned him down – there he'd cracked his shield through the chest of the armour. Tony had been there, lying on the floor – he can remember it. He'd been alive. "He's not here."Natasha crouches down, brushing a bit of frost aside and picking something from the floor. A shard of metal, hot rod red on one side. "He was here," she says, turning the shard in her gloved fingers and then peering around."He must've gotten away after all," Steve says, hope and old, almost reflexive bitterness warring."Or," Natasha says plainly, "He left the obviously empty, useless room in search of supplies. Like, say, a radio."Yeah that makes sense. Steve closes his eyes. "Right – I think there's a control centre somewhere here.""It's an old missile silo," Natasha says. "It probably has several."She stands up again and turns to leave. Steve hesitates over the concrete struts for a moment, looking down. Then, shaking his head, he follows her.Thankfully the control centre isn't hard to find. Natasha seems to know how to navigate in Russian missile launch sites, Steve thinks, but doesn't comment on it as they scan the dark room with their flash lights, looking over the old consoles, the tables, the chairs. There is radio ther
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Cryogenics
Comic Book Science
Guilt
Super Soldier Serum
Tony-centric
Sokovia Accords
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
