Work Text:
Tony notices it right away: Bucky sneaking sidelong glances at Steve, shooting him looks that linger just a bit too long, eyes roving over Steve whenever he walks into a room. These things have long since become a plain and simple fact to Tony and it’s not that Steve is unobservant, really, but when it comes to Bucky he’s always had a bit of a blind spot. Or, Tony thinks, maybe it’s just a habit Bucky’s developed given all the two have been through. A reassuring glance to remind himself that Steve is still there, still right next to him.
It was never a problem before and it only really becomes an issue after Steve and Tony start… whatever it is they’re doing.
Bucky's sidelong glances become outright stares whenever Tony touches Steve in a way that’s more than just a friendly gesture. His lingering looks aren't just reassurances, there’s a spark, a heat, behind the action. The kind of heat Tony has always been more apt to spot than Steve.
It’s been brought up a few times, of course. The first, when Tony asks if there has ever been anything between them and Steve shakes his head to the negative before swiftly changing the subject. Then later, Tony brings it up again and Steve admits to his slight crush on Bucky as kids but follows the admission up with relationship-affirming, and rather acrobatic, sex on Tony’s desk.
Tony can take a hint, though. Steve doesn't seem willing to discuss whatever went on between him and Bucky, and Tony, while he likes to push boundaries, knows when it’s best to back off. And so he does.
Until the night Tony glances up and sees Bucky staring at him like he wants nothing better than to plow Tony right through the kitchen table. A subtle glance over his shoulder reveals nothing but the fridge, and Tony has his confirmation. He finishes pouring his coffee and raises an eyebrow.
"See something you like?" He asks.
Bucky's eyes darken and he licks his lips. "So what if I do?"
Tony stares back for a moment, probabilities and scenarios running through his head at a lightning pace, before a sly smile takes over his face and he strolls out of the room, feeling Bucky’s eyes following him the whole way. This new data will require Tony’s full attention at some point in the future but for the time being his armour outranks the thought of how Bucky’s metal hand would look wrapped around his cock.
Or Steve’s. He’s not picky.
When Tony relays the conversation to Steve later, he’s met with a stunned silence. Tony watches as Steve’s face betrays his emotions. First shock, then disbelief, finally settling on confusion.
“Bucky would never--”
“No, he wouldn’t. Not without permission.”
Steve gapes at Tony, who just rolls his eyes and sighs.
“Look, Steve. Whatever you’ve told me… I know there was something going on between you two.” Steve shakes his head and looks like he’s about to protest, but Tony cuts him off. “I believe it when you say that nothing physical happened, but there’s no way Barnes doesn’t hold some kind of candle for you. I’ve seen how he looks at you. It’s the same way he looked at me today and the only question you really have to ask yourself is: what do you want to do about it?”
“But I don’t--”
“Steve. Seriously. Can you look me in the eye and swear on your mother’s grave that you don’t feel something for him, too?”
Steve opens his mouth again, but clamps it shut a moment later, eyes flickering down. Tony smirks in response.
“That’s what I thought.”
Steve looks up at him gravely. “I like what we have, Tony. I don’t know--I don’t know what it is. But I want to see it through, I want to see where it’s going. The feelings I had--have for Bucky are, they aren’t worth ruining this.”
“Not ruin. Think of it as a… supplement. A bonus, if you will. Something to add on, an improvement to the status quo.”
“Add on?”
“Sure.”
“You’ve never said--”
“I’ve always been a sucker for a pretty face.”
Steve sighs. “I couldn’t--This wouldn’t be a one--”
“Hell, Steve, I like him too. What can I say? We’re two asshole peas in a pod. The only person whose judgement I question here is yours.”
“Jesus, Tony! Would you let me finish a goddamn sentence?”
Tony raises his hands in surrender. Steve hunches over where he’s sitting and pinches the bridge of his nose. Silence permeates the air while Tony counts Steve’s breaths. After twelve, he finally speaks.
“Even I know this isn’t the done thing these days, Tony.”
“Well, the done thing these days isn’t going into some rundown basement to shoot up an untested chemical in an attempt to create human perfection, either, yet here you are.”
Steve narrows his eyes at Tony, who just laughs in response before continuing. “Since when have any of us given a fuck about what people think?”
“Sadly, you have more of a point than I’m proud to admit. People already don’t take too kindly to us somedays.”
“Somedays they won't. That’s just the way of the world, Steve. And then other days we’ll save that world and they won't be able to sing enough of our praises. Either way, wha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Threesome - M/M/M
Porn
Fluff
Anal Sex
Polyamory

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

