Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony sighed, leaning back. His phone was in one hand and he was ruling court over the club, thumbing through the menu options. Menu, the demon-kin equivalent of Grindr or Match, was having trouble finding a match.
The problem with being an older incubus was that he needed, desperately needed, a full Thanksgiving sort of meal, and what he was getting was french fries and cotton candy. He was able to subsist on insubstantial wisps of emotions and cheap sex for most of his twenties and thirties, but now that he was rapidly approaching forty-five, he really needed something to sink his teeth into.
And he wasn’t going to find it in this bar; everyone who’d gathered to the sense of his aura -- even when they didn’t know what he was, his entrancement called -- were twenty-somethings, the same kind that could be seduced easily by money and alcohol. Nibbles.
He flicked the screen again; something… there had to be something.

Wanted: Exchange

The man’s face, pale and surrounded by a cloud of dark hair, was gorgeous. Ice-white skin and piercing blue eyes, nearly silver, with a lush, red mouth.
Tony tapped open the profile.

Revenant seeking exchange: Can provide cash, anima, vitae, or aura in exchange for blood. Clean source only. No boozers, druggies, blood-born diseases.


Tap to Meet 

Revenant. That was an old name for vampire, older than the Accords.
Tony tapped.
His own profile zipped off to the vamp. Simple thing.

Sex demon requires service. Inquire.

Tony touched his chest, rubbing at the blue crystal embedded in his chest. Sex demon wasn’t entirely what he was; he was human enough to bleed. His incubus was part of him, an unbreakable bond between human and what was, essentially, a magical parasite. JARVIS fed on pure human energy; the sort generated through pleasure. Incubi could feed also from fear, or rage, or despair, but those weren’t flavors that either Tony or JARVIS prefered.
Vampires were human enough; the human blood they drank sustained them, but they had feelings, like any human. Tony could feed from one. Tony could feed one.
Tony shivered. He wasn’t sure about how that would feel; he was used to a certain degree of detachment from his snacks. They wanted a good time and Tony gave them pleasure, sipping off the top of the tidal flow.

Color me intrigued.

Tony’s phone buzzed.

Location? 

Tony hesitated, then punched in the name of the club. It was a public space, and he’d not yet met a supernatural creature that he couldn’t trance, if he needed to, from self-defense. And the bounces here were all wyr. Tony’d yet to see a bloodsucker than wouldn’t flee from a wyr. Supernatural claws and teeth were hazardous, even to a vampire’s rapid healing.
***
If Bucky didn’t get a goddamn lickstick soon, he was gonna bite the fuck out of someone and probably have the Paracops called. Again.
He was on the prowl, but it was hard; too many people who would otherwise volunteer for a vampire bite (and the subsequent bite-lethargy that followed it, two days to a week’s worth of muscle ache and exhaustion) wanted to combine it with drugs or booze, and Bucky couldn’t afford that anymore.
Contaminants like that passed through the blood and affected vampires much harder than they did mortals. Bucky was skirting the edge of the Accords as it was, because he had to deep drink from a mortal, and most of the demon-kin who had blood in their veins didn’t want to be tainted by leech bites.
When an incubus responded to his want ad, Bucky wasn’t sure what to think. He’d never known one; incubi and their sister-demons, the succubi were rare. He’d certainly never tasted one. His fangs descended a little at the thought. A sweet wash of venom flowed over his tongue.
If it was a lie, Bucky was going to pin the bastard to the wall and bite him anyway.
He really was that hungry.
And old. It sucked, being a hundred years old, and only in the last twenty years or so, when the Accords had been passed, having to be registered. Regulated.
He entered Club Penumbra, his eyes dazzled at first by the lights, sensitive ears assaulted by the music. His mouth watered more, so many bodies packed into such a tight space. He smelled sweat and drugs. Booze and sex. Blood.
A hint of anima, the energy that swirled and surrounded those few supernaturals. His nose identified another vampire, a couple of wyr. The flittering scent of the Unchained. A darkhunter.
A faint taste of brilliant energy. Bucky scented the air like a snake, letting the scents drop onto his tongue. Seeking, directional.
He would have known what the man was in an instant; his aura shone around him like the sun’s corona behind the moon. Silver bright and enticing, promising beyond pleasure. Bucky had to shield his inner eye, and damn near raised a hand to block out the luminous shimmer from blinding him. An incubus stirred lust by his mere presence -- Bucky’d heard rumors of incubi who took jobs in the best sex-houses, and were paid exhorbitantly just to si
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Vampire
Incubus Tony Stark
Vampire Bucky Barnes
Feeding
Blood Drinking
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Blood Magic

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

