Work Text:

First you will come to the Sirens who enchant all who come near them. If anyone unwarily draws in too close and hears the singing of the Sirens, his wife and children will never welcome him home again, for they sit in a green field and warble him to death with the sweetness of their song. There is a great heap of dead men's bones lying all around, with the flesh still rotting off them. Therefore pass these Sirens by, and stop your men's ears with wax that none of them may hear; but if you like you can listen yourself, for you may get the men to bind you as you stand upright on a cross-piece half way up the mast, and they must lash the rope's ends to the mast itself, that you may have the pleasure of listening. If you beg and pray the men to unloose you, then they must bind you faster.
-The Odyssey, Homer The siren came alone to the merfolk clan, offering territory safe from human encroachment in exchange for what she sought: sirens were biologically female, only and always female, and she wanted a daughter.The clan were wary, because sirens were power given voice, amoral, ruthless, deadly, but territory sheltered by a siren's song, a sanctuary where intruding humans would find only death waiting, would be valuable beyond reckoning. After a time one merman, brave and reckless, agreed to offer himself and she accepted.Any daughter born of a siren would be a siren, full-blooded and powerful.She should have borne a daughter.Instead she bore a son.Her disappointment was palpable, a taste like iron on the water and the waves, but she named him Steven, touched his short stubby tail and wished him all the blessings of life, then handed him to his father before disappearing into the depths of the ocean.Steven would never see her again.  On a rooftop in a city a man whose will belonged to HYDRA crouched in the darkness. He waited, endlessly patient, for the perfect shot. He was HYDRA's Soldier, their Asset, and he didn't move, barely breathed beyond what was necessary to sustain life.As the sun rose and his target appeared, silhouetted against the lightening sky, a single bullet cut through the distance between them and entered the target's temple.The man on the roof had performed well. They would be pleased. He would not be punished.Deep, deep inside, where no one could see, no one could hear, beyond the capacity of any human to detect, a voice cried out: please, no more.  It was hard to be a siren's son.The burning sword of his mother's power was tempered by his father's blood, but it was still part of him. The merfolk of his father's clan knew it was there. For all that he never touched it, his voice held the potential of a siren's song and he was a creature of suspicion.Son of a siren.When Steve was grown, he left, preferring a mostly solitary existence to the poorly-hidden wariness of his father's people.He fell into following the sharks as they migrated through the world's oceans, herding them away from human nets and human activities. Steve liked sharks. They were affectionate in their own way, and he hated seeing them killed because humans were too stupid to stay where they belonged.The first time he unleashed his power was the day the boat full of humans, who'd been teasing the sharks with food, stabbed something into the fin of his favourite shark and cheered. They'd been floating around the sharks for days, but this was the first time they'd hurt one of them.Except the shark they'd stabbed didn't seem bothered by the black something that was stuck on his fin, and Steve didn't understand what the humans were doing. They showed no signs of leaving, so when the sun set and the humans had dropped their anchor, were sitting on the deck of their boat, he tapped into his mother's power.Cautiously, carefully, warily.It wasn't a song, not yet, just a vibrating hum, in his chest, in the back of his throat, well below the capacity of human beings to hear, to even notice, and it told him their hearts' desires.What flowed back shocked him to silence. It was love, love for the sharks, love for the ocean, formless and shapeless, all shot through with the desire to know, to understand, to learn everything.They wouldn't hurt the sharks. Of anything he'd ever been sure of he was sure of that and, for the first time in his life, Steve tipped back his head, barely aware of what he was doing, and let his siren's song flow free, a song that wound golden tendrils inside the four humans and promised them everything their hearts desired.It took Steve only seconds to realise what he was doing. He snapped his mouth shut and dove beneath the surface while the humans pressed against the rails of their boat, blinking at each other as they rose from their stupor. "What the hell?" the small woman asked.None of the others replied, just looked at each other in mutual confusion.Steve, guilty at what he'd almost done, swam deep down to the ocean bed. While he was there he reseated their anchor to hold better and swore to be more c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Steve Rogers is Not Captain America
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Merman Steve Rogers
Sirens
Partial Mind Control
Recovery
Sharing a Bed
Nudity
Canon-Typical Violence
the following are for a given value of:
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
but there's also sharks - because a good shark these days is hard to find
Mythical Beings & Creatures

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

