Work Text:
Steve woke with a shuddering gasp, breath billowing out in plumes like smoke. He was freezing, could feel the ice all through his skin, and panic welled in his chest. His arms were clumsy with cold but he wrenched them up anyway to slam against the frosted glass, looking all too much like ice.The hatch popped open with a hydraulic hiss, and a puff of warm air swept over him. Steve immediately tried to stand, to get away from the cold chamber and the burning wreckage around him. His leg caught the side of the pod and he tripped, going down on one knee in the grass and trying desperately not to retch. He could feel the frost clinging to his hair was already beginning to melt, the water trickling down the nape of his neck.He shuddered. The air was full with the acrid smell of smoke, too thick in his throat, and when Steve coughed his chest burned, lungs still raw from the cold.Steve squeezed his eyes shut, tried to tune out the ice and the wreckage around him, focus on breathing, focus on the present, because this was all too much like his worst nightmares realized, waking up cold and alone all over again.That was then. He wasn’t…he knew he wasn’t alone this time. Steve forced himself to remember.  The sun was in his eyes. It took Steve a very long moment of sleep-addled puzzling to realize that he’d overslept. He scrubbed a hand over his face blearily, and then let his arm flop down on the pillow next to him. Something crinkled, and Steve frowned. He scooted up on the bed and snatched the note that had been resting on the pillow. It was from Tony.Steve was usually up long before Tony ever was, but every so often he had an early meeting. He must have come looking for Steve this morning, realized Steve was still asleep, and decided not to wake him. Still, Steve was a light sleeper, and it wasn’t often that he was tired enough to overcome that.Of course, there was also the warm thought that Tony was familiar, that Steve was comfortable around him and trusted him, and that was probably more important.Went to the Baxter Building. Come by later, and bring the team. PS You’re adorable when you’re sleeping Steve frowned at the note, and turned the paper over to see if there was any further information. It couldn’t have been that important, otherwise Tony would have just woken Steve up rather than leave a note. Still, Steve had to wonder what there was at the Baxter Building that could possibly require him in person.Then again, maybe Steve wasn’t the person they needed at all, and Tony just wanted some company. Steve dropped the note onto the nightstand on his way to the bathroom. He slipped into the shower, turning the water on full heat, and letting the pressure wash over his shoulders. He pressed his forehead to the tiles.He felt a little bleary for having slept in so long, but he didn’t have anything to do today—supervillains permitting—other than going to see Tony. His entire being still ached from their confrontation with Ultron, and everything that had led up to it. That had been a rough week in general. Between Iron Man’s near death experience in the mansion and Vision’s apparent betrayal, Steve had barely had time to breathe.Thankfully, things had been fairly quiet in the days following, but that didn’t seem to be making the bone-weary ache go away any faster. Steve wasn’t used to persistent aches any more—he could count on one hand the number of times his injuries had bothered him longer than a couple of days now that he had the serum. This ache, he knew, was at least partly in his head, but it didn’t make it any easier.Steve sighed and finished washing, quickly shutting off the tap. The water in the mansion never ran cold—or at least, Steve hadn’t managed to exhaust its hot water supply yet—but that didn’t mean that Steve liked to waste.He decided to skip the uniform today and grabbed a pair of comfortable civvies instead. Tony would have mentioned if he’d needed Captain America’s presence, and one of the benefits of having a public—if somewhat need-to-know—identity was that he didn’t have to spend every waking moment in the stars and stripes. Steve paused at the nightstand to grab his dog tags. He grabbed his shield on the way downstairs as well, not because he thought he’d need it but because he felt completely naked without it.Steve found Hawkeye in the living room, a bowl of cereal in his lap and the news playing on mute. None of the other Avengers were in sight, but most of them weren’t very early risers, so that didn’t concern Steve very much.“Hawkeye—” Hawkeye shoved a piece of paper in his face, cutting Steve off before he could even begin.“Yeah, we know,” Hawkeye said. He shoveled another spoonful of cereal into his mouth. “We all got our little notes. I’ll be by later, so let me eat my cereal in peace.”“And the others?” Steve asked, just to be sure.“Jan already left. Breakfast date with Hank.” He waved his spoon in the air. “Thor’s around here somewhere, but I’m pretty sure he knows, too
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Hurt Tony
Hurt Steve
Hurt Clint
Established Relationship
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Aliens
Avengers Vol. 1
Silver Age

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne

