Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes took a deep breath, raised his gun, and kicked the door in. It slammed back against the wall as he began to move, his team swarming in behind him, an air of cool efficiency thrumming through him as the room erupted into a perfect blend of control and chaos. Bucky lived for this, this heart-pounding, euphoria inducing chase. He lived for this so much in fact, that he had spent the last two years of his life working towards this singular moment. Two years of building trust and making connections, of missing birthdays and family dinners, to be able to storm this shithole of a warehouse and arrest the fuckers he had been metaphorically ass-kissing for the past 24 months. His pulse hummed gleefully and his hands remained steady as he turned and trained his weapon on Alexander Pierce, standing to the left in the room, currently drawing a gun out from under his jacket. Pierce hesitated momentarily when he noticed him, the shock of betrayal flashing in those old blue eyes being all the payment Bucky needed for a job well done. Two years it cost him to earn that look, and he’d do it all again in a heartbeat. Bucky opened his mouth, about to issue the order for Pierce to drop the weapon, when a dirty window at the back of the room exploded inward, a burst of glass and a large metal disc spraying onto the floor suddenly. Bucky’s internal stopwatch calculated that it had been less than ten seconds since their team had entered the room, and he quickly ran through the specs in his head one more time even though he knew every expected moment by heart, had run it over and over in his mind for the past two weeks. This was very much not part of the plan. 
  Steve sighed, rolled his shoulders, and threw his shield through the window. He thought about maybe stopping at Starbucks on the way home as he climbed through the frame and absently elbowed a goon in the face before remembering he didn’t bring his wallet with him today. He smashed two more heads together while debating over whether it would be unethical to try to get a free drink if he played up the Captain America angle, and decided it probably would be. Fuck though, he really could go for an Espresso Frappuccino right now. His stealth suit was hot and this gross little factory was sweaty with mobster bodies. Drug trafficking mobster bodies, no less, who had evidently been in the middle of a game of blackjack before being interrupted. Steve almost snorted a laugh before incapacitating another greasy thug. Gambling, cigar smoking mobsters. He felt like he was in a bad movie. He scanned the room quickly for a print of dogs playing poker, but couldn’t find one. Damn. So close to hitting the nail right on it’s stereotypical head.    He moved easily through the space, ignoring the clap of gunshots in the distance, grabbing his shield from its landing place and quickly removing weapons from sweaty hands before throwing down the bruisers who held them. He only noticed the SWAT team as he moved closer to the entrance of the building, and from the looks of things, their plan was not going well. At all. 
  This was not going well. At all. Bucky was currently pressed behind a support pillar, taking cover as a slew of bullets tried their best to find their way into his flesh. The crash at the back of the warehouse had thrown everyone off for a moment, and that moment was all Pierce had needed to duck out while his team of assembled meat-heads covered his exit with gunfire. Bucky had no choice but to throw himself out of the line of fire while waiting for the second wave of officers to move in. “What the fuck is happening out there?” he shouted into his comm. “Sarge, I think,” Dugan’s voice paused in his ear. “I think Captain America is here?” Bucky resisted the urge to pound his head into the pillar in front of him. Bullets continued to cut through the air on either side of him, but he couldn’t really give a shit anymore. Pierce had gotten away. Because his op had been interrupted. By Captain America. Two. Fucking. Years. “Fuck!” Bucky gave in and his helmeted head became one with the wall. Also wall, meet fist. “FUCK!”  
 Steve was handing off the last of the sweaty goon crew to a SWAT team member when a fist connected with his back. Surprisingly hard too. “Jesus Christ!” Steve spun to see one of the SWAT members rip his helmet off before shaking his hand out and clutching it to his chest. “Motherfucking WALL!” Steve squashed down his level of surprise (punches from non-enhanced humans were few and far between these days, he thought nostalgically), as he leaned back into his patented Captain America stance - arms crossed, head tilted down, eyes narrowed, that old bit - and took in his assailant. SWAT gear covered a well built body, dark brown hair flowing down to an enticingly cut jawline. Gorgeously pouty lips continued pumping out a rather impressive stream of profanity as the man glanced down at his injured hand before snapping his gaze u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
modern!Bucky
Captain America!Steve
SWAT Team!Bucky
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Swearing
so much swearing
Meet-Cute
Kind of a meet-ugly really
Fluff and Humor
Steve is adorably infuriating
Boys In Love
Inappropriate conversations regarding cereal
Implied Sexual Content
Implied/Referenced Torture
Kellogg's Corn Flakes
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Shrunkyclunks
SWAT Team

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

