Work Text:
Steve didn't get his first inkling something strange was going on until Tony walked into his room on the first day of their visit to Atlantis, stopped dead in his tracks, and said, "Whoa. How do you rate?""Aren't all the rooms like this?" Steve asked, surprised. He'd just assumed they were. Even though it was underwater, Namor's official residence was still a palace, and Steve's room was downright opulent. Steve's rooms, actually, as he had a sitting room with a fireplace and a wet bar, plus a dressing room and an enormous bathroom in addition to the bedroom. The whole suite was decorated in lavender and pale green, and had a lot of expensive-looking stuff in it. "I thought everyone's was this nice.""Uh, no," Tony said rocking back on his heels to look up at the domed ceiling dotted with what appeared to be solid gold fish crusted with real gemstones. "My room is small and smells like seaweed, and has water dripping from the ceiling--which is incredibly worrisome, by the way--and there's an octopus living in the wall that keeps stealing my watch."Steve gave him a sympathetic grimace. "I'll trade, if you like," he said. He didn't much care where he slept, and this room was a bit much. It was more than a little ostentatious—it had chandeliers, for God's sake. Probably more to Tony's liking, anyway."Nah," Tony said, but he walked over and sprawled himself out on one of the couches in the sitting room, nearly disappearing into the jumble of soft pillows that littered it. "I'm serious, take the room," Steve said, trying not to stare at the blissful expression on Tony's face. Tony hadn't looked happy much at all in the last year or so, ever since Pepper left. The last time Steve had seen Tony look like this was at his birthday party a couple weeks ago, but Steve tried not to think about that night too much, for his own sanity.Tony flicked an eyebrow at him as he fussed with the pillows, getting them exactly to his liking. "Stop acting like you don't deserve nice things," he said offhandedly, which was how he always said things that he really meant, Steve had noticed. "It irritates me.""What are you doing here?" Steve asked, which was a little blunt, but he generally didn't have to worry about offending Tony. It was also a good way to change the subject."Hanging out," Tony said as he closed his eyes. "We've still got an hour before Namor gives us the grand tour. Fury and Hill are meeting with some other military bigshots, probably about something nefarious. Everyone else is playing Uno in Thor's room, and you know my rule about Natasha and card games." Tony actually did have a rule about Natasha and card games, because she could read him like a book, and Tony hated losing."I’m not sure which of those things I'm more worried about," Steve mused. Nefarious military plotting was obviously bad, but the last Uno tournament had set off a prank war that raged on for days and spared no one. Steve still double-checked his shower before getting in it. "Probably the Uno.""Same here," Tony agreed. "Anyway, time to kill, blah blah blah, I'm gonna catch a nap," he said, burrowing down a little deeper into the pillows. He yawned and waved a hand at Steve. "Go ahead and do whatever you want," he added magnanimously, as if it were his place to give Steve permission to do whatever he liked in his own room."Thanks," Steve said wryly, and grabbed his computer tablet off the table. He was in the middle of a really good book, and it was actually kind of nice to have some time where he was literally unable to do anything but relax. Being stuck under the ocean with a bunch of merpeople was a guilt-free excuse to finally finish his book. He settled on the other couch and put his feet up on the gilded coffee table, just as Tony started to snore.~*~Their entire group—all of the Avengers, plus Agents Coulson and Hill, and Director Fury—dutifully gathered in the grand foyer at the appointed time and waited for Namor to arrive for the official tour of the official residence where they were staying while on an official visit. Steve was officially uninterested in this kind of butt-kissing stuff, but that was just too damn bad, as Fury had so eloquently put it.Namor, the King of Atlantis, swept regally into the foyer—barefoot, as always—looking cold and imposing in a long, flowing golden robe. He was a tall, muscular man, and everyone knew just how muscular, because his robe was open, and under it he wore nothing but his usual tiny green swim trunks. Steve had never seen him wear anything else. As everyone stopped chattering and focused on him, Namor came to a halt in front of Steve and the others. His eyes flicked quickly over the group, but he didn't smile or act pleased to see them, which didn't surprise Steve at all. Namor had a poker face that would put Mr. Spock to shame, and Steve was very familiar with Mr. Spock, because Bruce and Tony loved watching those movies. They mocked the science the entire time, scoffing and groaning, b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Stalking
Tentacles

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

