Chapter 1



Notes:
Happy Thorsday everyone. It's been one week since Thor: The Dark World came out, so have the first chapter of a new fic. Spoiler alert: This fic contains spoilers for The Dark World... sort of.The first fic in this series, A Villain State of Mind, was meant to start after the end of Avengers and end before the beginning of TDW. At that point in time, I had only vague guesses and scanty information as to what the events of TDW would be. I had actually intended for quite some time now to write this second fic following the events of Malekith's invasion, but I couldn't do so until I knew just how close or far to the mark my guesses would turn out to be.As it turned out: pretty close, but there were still some discrepancies in the timeline of 'Great Subconscious Club' that would not fit with the events of Thor 2 as they played out in the movie. So this chapter recaps the events of Thor 2 as they would have happened in this version of the timeline. Some things are the same, but others have been altered to fit the changes that came from the Bifrost not being repaired, Loki not being imprisoned and very little time at all having passed since Avengers.In this timeline Loki still goes to Svartalfheim and still fakes his death, then returns in disguise to report his 'death' to Odin afterwards; but instead of staying on Asgard afterwards, Loki instead chooses to return to Midgard in secret.Also, I changed the name of Malekith's darkness phlebotinum, because really? The Aether? Is that supposed to conjure images of insidious evil and unfathomable darkness? Pfff.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Charles sat at his desk long into the night, a single lamp burning behind him throwing illumination onto his worktop. Fatigue tugged at the edges of his mind, but he ignored it with long and ready practice. There had been another riot today, in Illinois; ever since the alien invasion over New York and the emergence of the Avengers, anti-mutant sentiment had been on the rise again. Some people felt that with the Avengers on the scene, there was no more need for mutant protectors of the populace; others thought that the next move of the Avengers would get to work cleaning up mutants, and thought to get a jump on the practice. Some even blamed the mutants for the appearance of the aliens themselves - there was no logic to it, and yet there it was.He didn't blame the Avengers for it. There was no point, really - they hadn't intended this result, and anti-mutant sentiment tended to surge at the slightest provocation. An ugly eruption of mutant powers somewhere in the world - a series of bad storms, or other disasters which could be blamed on mutant powers - even a hit to the economy could cause the smoldering resentment of the human populace to flare up, seeking the nearest target to vent their rage.Charles could understand it. Oh, he'd seen into their heads, so he knew exactly what they were thinking. But he didn't have to like it.Every time this happened Charles would put in the longest hours, working like a man possesed to try to control the damage. And every time this happened Charles would lie awake yet longer into the night, staring at the ceiling and wondering: had he done everything that he could? Should he have spent more time with Cerebro, finding mutants who were in the danger zone and pulling them to safety? You couldn't know who was in danger.  Should he have made more press appearances, soothing over the violence and hate with honeyed words? They never listen. Should he have spent more time training his X-men, that they could respond to riots as soon as they broke out and before they could spread to do more damage, take more lives? You have done all you can for them; they need to be independent now. Should he be spending more time with his younger students, counseling them and comforting those whose all-too-real terrors were called upon every time news of another riot breached the school?The ceiling never had any answers for him.A faint impression washed over Charles' mind, something between a taste and a smell: a whiff of ashes, as though smoke had just blown across his face. Puzzled Charles paused in his work for a moment and glanced up, looking around: was a window open somewhere? Perhaps Logan was visiting again, and smoking his horrendously fragrant cigars despite all the importuning of Charles' secretary that this office was a no-smoking zone.Then the door to his office opened, despite the fact that not only should the door have been locked, but neither the vigilant young mutant guarding his outer office nor the building's state-of-the-art security should have allowed it. A figure slipped through it like a shadow, small and slim and dressed in dark clothes that blended seamlessly with the night. Only one splash of color stood out: a shock of bright red hair that floated about the intruder's head, framing a face that was young and ageless at
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Charles Xavier
Loki & Kurt Wagner
Loki & Illyana Rasputin

freeform: 
oh look it's a sequel
Alternate Canon
Fluff and Angst
Loki would probably enjoy teaching actually
Xavier continues to be manipulative but it's all in good cause
consensual telepathic therapy
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Angst
Implied/Referenced Torture
Past Child Abuse
Genderswap
Memory Alteration
Grief/Mourning
Fluff
Snowball Fight
Fantastic Racism
Abduction
Rehabilitation

fandom: 
Loki & Charles Xavier
Loki & Kurt Wagner
Loki & Illyana Rasputin

