Work Text:
"Grande latte!"
Bucky shuffles over to the counter to get his drink, trying not to look too hard at anyone. He knows they probably won't recognize him. The barista smiles at him distractedly, already working on the next customer's drink. "What?" he asks, worried that somehow this guy is going to recognize him and the whole charade will be over.
"I like your name. Bucky."
Bucky is about to demand how he even knows that until he remembers giving it when he ordered his drink. "It's a childhood nickname," he says quickly, embarrassed at himself for being so anxious.
"What's it short for?"
"Buchanan."
The barista smiles. "I like it."
Bucky finds himself smiling back before moving to go claim a table, finding one in the corner by the window. It's awkwardly placed so no one else really wants it. He's not sure what he's even doing there. Trying to prove a point to politician daddy by hanging out in the wrong side of town. The side with rainbow flags in windows, with men and women and the people who identify as somewhere in between.
He's been sneaking there since he was sixteen and started to suspect - fear - he wasn't the normal son his dad wanted. He stares out the window at the street, watching people walk past.
"Your coffee is cold." Bucky jumps and looks up to see the barista from before smiling cautiously at him. He holds up another cup. "May I?" He gestures at the second seat Bucky had been using as a foot rest.
"Um, sure." He tucks his feet under himself so the stranger can sit down.
"Steve Rogers. I promise I haven't roofied this coffee." He takes Bucky's which is still over half full and pours some of his cup into it. Than to prove his statement, he takes a long swallow from his own cup. "Steve Rogers, good to meet you Bucky. I've seen you a few times now and figured…since you're cute…" He smiles hopefully and Bucky can't help but smile back.
"I don't really-"
"If you're not into guys, I'm super sorry and we can fist bump and I'll go away."
Steve is gorgeous, tall and blond and built like a football player. And he talks to Bucky like a real person, not some caricature to appease. The thought of him getting up makes Bucky panic slightly. "No! That's not-" He blushes and kills time by drinking his coffee. "I'm not- I don't know-"
"It's ok." Steve smiles and Bucky gets the feeling he understands despite Bucky’s gibbering. "Do you want me to go?"
"No, stay. Gotta start somewhere, right?"
Steve laughs and rests his chin in his hand. Bucky notices how blue his eyes are. "Good, I don't mind awkward beginnings. So tell me, what kind of name is Buchanan?"
Bucky blushes and ducks his head. It's his middle name but he's scared if he shares his first name, Steve will make the connection to his dad, the state senator making a name for himself by trying to ban gay marriage. "My parents liked it a lot. Don't think it has any other meaning."
"It's very distinguished," Steve says carefully.
"Yea well, I guess that's why I prefer Bucky."
Steve fingers brush the back of his hand. Bucky sucks in a sharp breath but doesn't move his hand. After the initial panic and no condemnation comes, the touching starts to feel good, comfortable. "So do I."
-
They go on three dates before Steve takes Bucky home. The fourth date is impromptu, Bucky shows up on Steve's doorstep with bagels. He knows Steve has a shift coming up in a few hours and he wants to do something nice. The past few dates have been better than anything Bucky could have imagined. Steve hasn't asked for much from him, and he hasn't questioned too closely when Bucky evades questions about his parents.
Bucky feels like he's finally growing up and figuring himself out with Steve.
Steve opens his door in boxers and an oversized t-shirt with the logo for NYU on it. "It's really early," Steve says.
Bucky holds up the bag. "Good morning?"
Steve sighs and opens the door for him. He leans in for a quick kiss before shuffling towards the kitchen. "So you decided to stop by with bagels?" Steve asks, clearing off some sketchbooks so they can both sit down. Bucky can smell coffee brewing and there's a newspaper open.
"Yea, I wanted to say hi I guess. So is the coffee here as good as your work?"
Steve laughs and gets down a mug for Bucky. "Taste for yourself." Bucky glances over at the newspaper, hoping to find the crossword but it's open to something about politics. He doesn't notice Steve coming back over at first. "Can you believe this asshole?" Steve sighs and digs around in the bag for more bagels. "If he had his way, we wouldn't be allowed to vote."
"We?" Bucky stares flatly at the paper, trying not to react.
"Anyone who isn't him is-" Steve lets out a breath and smears cream cheese on his bagel. "I'm sorry. Too early for this. But that Senator Barnes. Everything he does."
"I know." Bucky forces out a smile and leans over to kiss Steve's cheek. "I know."
"I'm sorry I know you said politics-"
Bucky shakes his head. "Don't worry about it."
-
Steve looks down at Bucky doz
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Homophobia
Internalized Homophobia
Coming Out
First Time
Secret Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

