Work Text:
 
Coldness is the last thing he wants to feel. He should know better by now, after all that happened, Anthony Edward Stark couldn’t have nice things. It’s a vicious cycle. It wasn’t that he didn’t try, he did try, and that was the main problem. He cared too much sometimes, not that he was ever going to admit that. Tony Stark was invincible, he was Iron Man, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, he was all that, and yet he felt like nothing. His life had always revolved around his mistakes, his demons, after all a man created its own demons, and Tony Stark had created a few.
Loneliness, it’s a feeling that Tony has always been accustomed of. From empty nursery rooms, mostly absent parents to friends that in the end are not really yours to keep.
He opened his eyes, immediately relieved to see the familiar ceiling of his bedroom. His mind had been replaying the video all over again, while his chest tinged in pain whenever he remember the shield ramming into the chest plate. It was poetic, he thought, that he was about to die by something his father had built. A bitter irony that still plagued his nightmares. But unfortunately the world didn’t care about that; and he was still Tony Stark and alive.
It had been three weeks since Siberia, two weeks since he had made Rhodey the prosthetics that would one day make him walk again, and a week since he had received Steve’s burner phone and the goddamned letter. All his senses were screaming at him to destroy the damned thing, to burn it all and send the ashes to Steve, wherever that fucker was.
It was not that he hated Steve, he was way past the hating part, Tony Stark was bitter as fuck about the whole thing. People were always quick to blame him for stuff and he had realized that he was always too quick to apologize for things that were not his fault. That he had realized after being left stranded in the coldness of Siberia for seven hours, but who was counting anyways.
He obviously started by the beginning. The weapons, everyone knew he was the number one weapons dealer in the world, every weapon that he made was deadlier than the last, but he only sold them to the American Government, or at least that he thought, cause Obadiah had been selling his stuff to terrorist behind his back and had almost gotten him killed, and not for lack of trying mind you.
So problem number one, it was not his fault, it was Obadiah’s, but since he was Tony Stark, nobody seemed to mind. Apparently being a billionaire made you a scapegoat for all the things that could go sour in the lives of those that you kept close, hypocrites, he thought bitterly.
Then came Vanko and Hammer, and while Tony had to admit that he might have been pushing Hammer around a little bit, come on, people did that, besides Hammer was an idiot. And Vanko, that had been Howard’s fault, not Tony’s. Tony had been dying, he could have died, he was just trying to make his last days worth it, but again nobody seemed to mind.
Nobody seemed to mind his problems, his anxiety, his PTSD. It was just so easy to forget that he had been held captive in a cave for three months; that he had been tortured, that he now had a hole in his chest. Apparently being Tony Stark meant that you could not have mere human emotions. Bullshit.
And of course; Miss Romanoff’s evaluation of him. Tony Stark, no, Iron Man, yes. She knew that he had been dying, she had been the one to inject him with some weird shit that Shield had made, that could have killed him faster, but since when the world cared about Tony Stark? Only his bots, Jarvis, Rhodey, Pepper and now Friday did. So yes, again Tony Stark had been held accountable for almost dying, was it his fault? Probably not, had he done something about it? Hell yes.
Then came New York and the Avengers. That ended with Tony driving a nuke through a portal to outer space and a helluva more anxiety and PTSD which led to creation of a bazillion suits, the destruction of his favorite house, extremis, Pepper’s almost death and a myriad of other problems that Tony particularly didn’t want to think of at the moment. And had it been his fault? Hardly. Aldrich Killian had been a deranged idiot, like who the hell approached someone at a party to talk about science? All because Tony refused to meet him on the roof of a building at a New Year’s party? Tony shuddered to think what would’ve happened to a woman that refused Killian’s advances, and then he of coursed remembered Pepper and Maya, right women ended up dead or injected with a very unstable and explosive serum, right, Killian being a psychopath had been Tony’s fault.
Then came Ultron. Not one of Tony’s brightest moments, but Anxiety and PTSD combined with a creepy glance to a possible future in which everyone ended up dead courtesy of the resident witch was not a good combination, and the of course Bruce had helped too. But since Bruce was not somewhere in the galaxy and nobody knew about the witch’s involvement the blame fell solely on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Tony is bitter af about civil war
Tony does not cares anymore about what people think
Writer feels petty and bitter af about civil war
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Tony is done with their shit
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
cause i cant sleep cause im bitter
Civil War Team Iron Man
i'm extremely mad at too many characters
i will stop tagging now

fandom: 
None
