Work Text:
“Are you fucking kidding me.”It’s said flatly, but Tony can tell that the man is angry. He shrinks back, stepping behind the tall lab table, so he’s merely peeking over the top. The tall man crosses his arms, looking frustrated.“I- I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to-” Tony blubbers, trying to hold back his tears because this man is probably one of Daddy’s friends, and Daddy says Tony shouldn’t cry. Daddy says Tony shouldn’t show weakness because Tony is  a Stark and Stark men don’t cry. Tony doesn’t really understand that, because Tony’s only a kid, he isn’t a man, but he knows he shouldn’t argue. Point is, he knows he isn’t supposed to cry and if he cries, this man will tell Daddy, and then Tony will be in trouble and Daddy will yell and maybe even--“Hey, hey, no,” the man says, frowning, and shoot, Tony  is crying. Daddy’s going to be mad.“Hey, I’m not angry at you, kid. I don’t think I am, anyway. Can you tell me how you got in here?” the man asks, but Tony doesn’t  know,  he just just wants to go back to Mama and Jarvis, but he’s stuck in this weird place and he doesn’t know  why. He just wants to go home.“I- I dunno. I dunno. I wanna go home. Where’s Mama?” Tony’s voice catches in his throat as he gasps for air. “Wait, are you gonna hurt me?” He takes a sudden step back. “P’ease don’t hurt me, I jus’ wanna go home. Don’t hurt me like the other bad guys. Daddy- Daddy isn’t gonna give you any money, p’ease just- p’ease just bring me back home, p’ease-” The boy hiccups and he roughly rubs a soft arm across his eyes. He suddenly drops onto his knees, rubbing at his eyes furiously. He just wants to go home.“Whoa, whoa,” the man says quickly, hurrying to join Tony on the floor. Tony glances up and notices that the man has metals on his legs. The man’s eyes look kinda like Jarvis’s, soft and concerned, but he also looks sorta scared. Of Tony? Why would he be scared of Tony?“I am not here to hurt you, kid. I just want to know how you managed to get in here without anybody noticing. I wouldn’t hurt you, I promise. What do you mean your dad isn’t going to pay? And what do you mean ‘bad guys?’” he asks.Tony’s not sure if he should tell the man, because Daddy said not to ever tell the bad people anything, but- but this isn’t about Daddy’s inventions or Captain America, so maybe- maybe he can tell him. He has eyes like Jarvis’s.“Well,” Tony starts, eyeing the man nervously. “Last time the bad guys took me, they hurt me and they wouldn’ give me back ‘til Daddy paid ‘em. He says he won’ do it again, though, because next time, I’ve gotta figure it out all on my own ‘cause I’m s’posed to be smart, and he can’t afford to spend a a couple million dollars on me every time I go missin’. He says I gotta be smart, so if I don’t be  smart, he’s gonna get mad and he’ll yell, and I don’t like it when Daddy yells.”The man looks sad, but he also looks angry. Oh, shoot, Tony probably said something wrong, didn’t he? He always says something wrong, Daddy will probably lock him in his room again.“I’m not going to hurt you, okay? I don’t want to, and I don’t even know who your dad is. I’m going to try to get you home, okay? Will you let me help you?”Tony hesitates before nodding, bobbing his head up and down quickly. “Okay. I wanna go home, so if… if you promise you won’ hurt me, I’ll letcha help.”The man nods, leaning forward like he’s gonna tell a secret. “Hey, I  promise I won’t hurt you. And I’m not going to let anyone else hurt you, either.”Tony nods, looking at the floor. “D’you pinky swear?” he asks, lifting his gaze hesitantly.That brings a chuckle from the man, who then nods. “Yeah, of course I do. I pinky swear.” He lifts his hand and locks his pinky finger with Tony’s, who’s now feeling a little better.“Okay. Hey, wha’s your name?”The man smiles kindly, and his smile is sorta like Jarvis’s. Only a little less wrinkles. “You can call me Rhodey.”Tony leans back, scrunching his nose. “Rhodey? That’s a weird name,” he says, unable to stop himself from giggling. Mama would probably tell him he’s being impolite, but his name  is weird, so Tony thinks it should be okay.Luckily, the man doesn’t think he’s rude. Mr. Rhodey laughs instead, nodding. “Yeah, it’s a little weird. It’s a nickname, though, so it’s okay. So what’s your-- hey, where are you going?”Tony ignores him, instead staring with determination at something in the corner. Something that shouldn’t be there.“Hey, kid, you…” Mr. Rhodey trails off, following Tony’s line of sight.It’s a shield.It’s  Captain America’s shield.“Why is Cap’n America’s shield here? Shouldn’ it be with him?” Tony asks, reaching the shield. He sits down next to it, dragging a small finger along the edges of the star. “How didja get it? Shouldn’t it be in the Arc-uh-tic?”Mr. Rhodey frowns, sitting next to Tony carefully. Tony looks at him and he realizes that Mr. Rhodey kinda looks like he’s in pain when he’s moving like that. Tony decides he won’t get up and move around so much anymore.“Well, C
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark-centric
De-Aged Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony is v cute and everyone else is babysitting
it's fun
(and a lil sad)
tony is impressed by stephen's cloak

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

