Chapter 1



Notes:
A little fill that got a bit longer than it was supposed to. It takes place somewhere between Avengers and IM3 cause I wanted arc reactor porn. Steer clear of the two first chapters if you don't want to read graphic descriptions of gang-rape. The rest of the fic focuses on the aftermath.  The entire prompt is in the end notes.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
He woke to a killer headache, not at all corresponding to the small number of sparkly drinks he'd consumed during the previous night's festivities. Tony blinked and found himself surrounded by complete darkness. He couldn't feel his limbs, and his eyes weren't working, apparently, because he couldn't make out anything but dull black once he began squinting and moving them around. What did I do last night?He remembered bits and pieces; fundraiser, a speech, cameras, the after-party, Rhodey laughing at some stupid joke he'd made. Tony clenched his teeth against the pain in his head and racked his mind for more information. How did he get home? Was Rhodey with him? He didn't know. He couldn't remember.His entire body felt numb and heavy, but a prickling sensation had begun spreading around his lower back and groin. A shot of fire ran up through his abdomen and he widened his eyes and opened his mouth to call out for JARVIS and make the AI run a scan, but immediately found, with increasing panic, that he couldn't.The thick and cottony feeling he'd initially ascribed to an aftereffect of the unknown substance he'd taken, proved to be an actual wad of cloth stuck in his mouth. Something was holding his lips shut, pinching at the skin and pulling on his facial hair, making it impossible for him to spit the fabric out. What the hell? If this was some kind of weird joke on the team's part-Tony's breathing sped up and his heart began hammering loudly in his chest when more feeling returned to his limbs. He was restrained and completely naked, not lying down as he'd assumed, but bent over something hard and cold against his stomach. A metal bar of some kind. His throat was closely encircled by a collar and held upright by an unknown structure, slightly choking him and forcing him to hold the uncomfortable position. Someone had forced his arms behind him and fastened them to each other with thick strips of duct tape, then cuffed his wrists together. He let out a strangled yell and kicked his legs against the cold floor when he realized what sort of contraption he was stuck in. A breeding stand. A fucking breeding stand.What kind of sick fucks?-Tony went rigid. There was something inside of him. He had no idea of how he'd managed not to notice it any sooner.The burning sensation he'd earlier noted in his ass was stemming from something lodged in his opening, stretching and pushing uncomfortably against his insides. He snarled and pulled harder against the restraints as he tried pushing the offending object out, but it didn't budge. He only managed to clench down harder on it, and the movement sent another wave of pain through his lower body that made him whimper and scrunch up his face. Please let this be some kind of fucked up bondage dream. He desperately fought to recall how he'd ended up here, strapped to this thing in some kind of sleazy porn dungeon with a toy up his ass. He was supposed to meet with Pepper for breakfast, then talk over some SHIELD related plans with Steve, and had therefore kept his drinking on a minimum. He had chatted it up at the party, had a few drinks and let one or two girls peck him on the cheek. Nothing special.Okay, it might have been more, but Rhodey was-Rhodey was... 
He was supposed to drive me home...
Cold sweat began running down his back and his hands felt clammy in their restraints. Rhodey would never let anyone take him without a fight.Had they been attacked while together? Was he hurt? Tony gave a frustrated yell against the gag and banged his knees against the metal holding him upright. Fuck fuck fuck fuck!He couldn't see or move, couldn't shout for help and he had no idea of what the freaks who'd put him here had done to his friend. He pulled on the cuffs and yelled out into the darkness, louder when nothing happened. The only thing he got in return was the echo of his own muffled shouting and a strain in his neck. He was alone with no means of escape, dreadfully aware of how exposed and suggestively posed he was. Whoever had left him here was going to come back, and Tony was pretty sure they weren't just going to talk once they returned.He began struggling more frantically, tugging on his restraints while he kicked his legs and scraped his bare feet against the floor. If he hadn't been blindfolded, he would've had spots dancing in his vision. He could feel the start of a panic attack creeping up, and he swallowed down the lump that had formed in his throat and forced himself to relax, breathing heavily through his nose and flexing his hands behind
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Bondage
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Sex Toys
Spanking
Gangbang
Gang Rape
Duct Tape
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Forced Orgasm
Community: avengerkink
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Protective Avengers
Asphyxiation

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Original Male Character(s)

