Work Text:

Part I: It's times like these you learn to live again
 It was gray and drizzly the day they put Tony in the ground. Steve was glad for it. A clear blue sky, so perfect for a crimson and gold figure to go flying past, would have only been a mockery.He wore his military uniform, every button polished for the occasion. On the other side of the casket, Colonel Rhodes was dressed in a similar fashion. The other pallbearers were likewise somberly attired, but Steve barely noticed any of them.The funeral itself was a testament to the battle that had waged behind the scenes between good taste and Tony's wishes. At one point, rock music played. Lights streamed down from above, implying some kind of divine intervention. Superheroes, celebrities, engineers, and members of the general public all sat mixed together, sometimes with uncomfortable results. The media clamored outside the venue, angry at not being allowed inside, reporting all kinds of outright lies in retaliation.After it was over, still dry-eyed and in a numb haze, Steve returned to the helicarrier. Natasha walked with him, waving aside his usual escort of two dour SHIELD agents. They did not speak as they made their way through the ship. When they reached the holding cell, she remained in the hall as Steve went inside."You don't have to do this," she said. She met his eyes. "It wasn't your fault."He had heard this before, many times, and not just from Natasha. And though he appreciated the support, he could not let himself accept it. "He's dead because of me," Steve said. "Because I killed him." He shook his head. "This is the right thing to do, and you know it."She looked at him for a long moment without speaking. She left him then, and he supposed he would never see her again.Alone in the cell, he sat down on the edge of his narrow bed and clasped his hands between his knees. He stared down at his shoes, which were still slightly wet from the rain.After a long time, he began to cry, but he hardly noticed that, either.****A few months later, he found himself in a large lab in the Baxter Building. He was in full costume, minus the shield."You understand," Reed Richards said, somewhat anxiously. Except for his wife Sue and Nick Fury, he was the only one present. "This is a one-way trip. You aren't coming back from this. And of course if any of the calculations are off even just a little, you could end up in any number of parallel worlds, not our own. Not that that's going to happen, but still…"The machine Reed was so proud of stood off to one side, dials glowing and monitors displaying readouts of data Steve couldn't even begin to understand. Reed had some fancy name for it, but to Steve, it was just the time machine.Officially, of course, this mission did not exist. The whole thing was actually Reed's idea. He had gone to Fury with it, and together they had approached Steve. At the time, they were the first visitors he had had in weeks. He had been surprised to see them, and even more shocked at what they proposed.Still in disbelief, he had asked why."I really think I have something here," Reed had said quickly. "But it's difficult to test. And then I realized that this would be the perfect opportunity for it." He had looked away then, and rather awkwardly added, "And Tony was my friend. If I can help. In any way…"Steve had been sold then, although truthfully he had known that he would say yes from the moment he first heard the plan. Fury had told him months ago that no charges would be pressed and he was free to leave, but Steve had refused. He had taken a man's life, and he had to deal with that. So he had remained in his holding cell while Reed finished the time machine, leaving only when his presence was required for official Avengers business. Even then, when he donned the costume and Steve Rogers became Captain America, he didn't feel right. Despite the official verdict, there were too many rumors and unanswered questions surrounding Tony's death. Steve's general disappearance from public – along with the rumor that he was incarcerated – was seen by many people as an admission of guilt, and not just the conspiracy theorists.Things were falling apart out there. The Avengers were not the only superheroes who were viewed with mistrust and suspicion; Fury had taken Steve to the Baxter Building today via an underground route in order to avoid the people carrying signs who stood clustered outside the home of the Fantastic Four. Hero worship had slid into cynicism and an almost baffling desire to see them fail. Nowadays the crowds that gathered when they battled villains were more likely to take videos not out of admiration, but a desire to capture the superheroes in illegal or just plain inappropriate behavior.The roots of the public's distrust went back as far as the Avengers' first appearance during the Battle of New York, but things seemed to have accelerated since Tony's death. When he was able to think about it at all, Steve was just grate
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Universe Crossover
Angst
Torture
offscreen major character death
Civil War (Marvel)
Secret Invasion
Hurt/Comfort
Mention of self-harm as threat
background Bucky/Nat - Freeform
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

