Work Text:
Clint doesn't know how the hell this happened. No, wait. That's a lie. He knows exactly how this happened. When it happened, too. He can date this absurd obsession straight back to that night he and Nat had gone to Coulson's for Chinese takeaway and a movie, and the bastard had opened the door dressed in jeans and the softest sweater Clint could have imagined. He hadn't even noticed it at first; not until Coulson walked towards the dining table, boxes of food and chopsticks loaded in his hands, and Clint had followed the line of his body down and down and down and—It had taken him ten minutes and Natasha pounding him on his back to stop choking and force his lungs to suck in a decent breath again. He had avoided Coulson’s eyes for as much of the night as he had managed, but he hadn’t quite been able to avoid looking at – other parts of him. He’d felt… betrayed, somehow. How had he not known this?? He’d thought he’d figured out everything there was to know about the guy after nearly five years of covert (and not so much) observation, yet he’d missed such a massive huge enormous glaring part of him.It wasn’t as if the fact made that much of a difference. So Coulson had a big cock. So what? Except Coulson had cornered him, when Natasha had gone to the bathroom, with a soft “You okay?” and that rare kind, concerned look in his eyes – the one that melts Clint’s insides even though he’d deny it forever – and Clint had blurted, “Yes, please,” and flushed to the tips of his hair and then had had to cover that Freudian slip with as much misdirection as he could manage when this thrown off his game.That had been three weeks ago. This is now, in a meeting ran by Fury, with Coulson sitting directly across from Clint, diligently taking notes in his white legal pad, one large, beautiful hand curled around his pen and the other lying flat and relaxed on the table.Look, Clint wants to make one thing clear. He isn’t a size queen. He really isn’t. He doesn’t, for example, lie awake at night thinking what a monster Fury must have in his pants, because, fucking hell no. But just the thought of what Coulson’s packing down the front of his tailored slacks is enough to have him breaking out in fresh sweat, gut cramping and ass twitching. Clint wants that cock inside him with a desperation that is frankly a little frightening.He zones briefly back to the meeting when the asshat the World Security Council sent in to lecture them on media sensitivity interrupts Director Fury with a pissy nitpick about the way he lays down the facts and basically takes over the meeting, at which point Clint feels justified in zoning right the fuck out again in the interest of not skewering the dickhead. There’s a vein pulsing in Fury’s temple. Clint sits back and enjoys the daydream of Fury snapping and throwing the self-important little shit out of the window.Well, and, you know, the one of Coulson bending him over the boardroom table and fucking right into him, the thick head of his cock spreading his ass open as it pushes in. But he cuts that out pretty quickly once he remembers he’s going to have to walk out of the room after the meeting with a giant hard-on of his own if he keeps it up.Heh. Keeping it up.This whole restraint thing isn’t really working. Oh god, himself restrained to the bed, Coulson behind him, spreading him open and spearing him with his fat dick…Shit. Clint needs out of this meeting, and fast.Mercifully, the whole fiasco draws to a close soon after Clint forcibly wrenches his attention back to the speaker, which is good for said speaker because any longer and it would be Clint doing the spearing. He’ll bet no one knows about the retractable arrows he’d cajoled R&D into developing for him, not yet.“That guy was a giant dick, sir,” he says when he falls into step with Coulson outside the meeting room.And then he promptly blushes scarlet all the way down to his knees. Coulson side-eyes him. “What the fuck is wrong with you now, Barton?” he asks in that calm manner of his that makes Clint want to do unspeakably debauched things to him.“Nothing, sir,” he says, staring straight ahead. “He was, though.”Coulson sighs. He sounds put-upon, but Clint knows him, and correctly deduces the fast diminishing level of his patience.“This meeting was a waste of time,” Coulson says scathingly. He keeps walking purposefully down the corridor towards his office, and Clint, for lack of anything better to do, follows. He enjoys the way agents innocently minding their own business take one look at Coulson’s face and melt away from his warpath. It’s hot as ten hells. “Come inside,” Coulson says, leaving the door open and stalking to his desk while Clint tries not to swallow his own tongue at his choice of words. “We should discuss tomorrow’s mission.”Clint dutifully does as he’s told, sprawling in the visitors chair in front of the desk while Coulson flips open a file and rubs at the bridge of his nose. Clint wishes they had the kind of relati
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
so much UST
and then RESOLVED ust
seriously the sex is kind of intense
Barebacking
alternative methods of lubrication
unexpected pheeeels
Phil Coulson's giant cock

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

