Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"What do you mean it's permanent?!""Mr. Stark. Tony. Please." Strange lifts his hands in a placating matter. "I meant what I said. All the tests I've performed say that there is nothing wrong with you. No curses, no spells, no magic whatsoever. I don't have anything to work with. As far as your body is concerned, this is the way you're meant to be. Fixing it would involve a spell that ages you, and I really can't express to you how dangerous that kind of magic is. You could end up so old that your body is nothing more than skeletal remains. Frankly, I'm amazed that you were so fortunate in the first place.""Fortunate?!" Tony shrieks, finally losing his temper. "You call this fortunate?!""You're still alive so yes, I do. From what you've described, the spell was not cast correctly and, as a result, may not have had the intended effect. I'm guessing that the original effects were intended to be much more serious than this. Sadly, the caster is dead so we can't ask." Strange frowns a little. "If the spell didn't reverse upon their death or when the book was destroyed in the fight, then please believe me when I tell you that there is nothing I, or anyone else, can do."Tony is so incensed and panicked that all he can do is stand there and wheeze. Pepper steps in, asking, "You can't... I don't know, create an illusion that makes him look his normal age?""I can, but such spells require a lot of effort to keep up long-term. Also, frequent use tends to have unpleasant consequences. I heard about a fellow that used a glamour every day for six months because he was trying to get a date with a woman he was in love with. When he finally removed the glamour, his nose had developed gangrene and had to be removed."Pepper blanches, her hand flying up to cover her own nose. "That's horrible!"Strange nods. "Indeed. So you can see why it's not a viable solution. I've also heard of magical artifacts that can create a glamour, but they tend to have similarly nasty effects. When it comes to magic, nothing is without a price, as your caster learned." He glances at Tony. "The good news is, since I can't find any other magical residue on you, there should be no other effects.""I think that this is quite enough," Tony hisses, gesturing at himself. His hands are trembling, he notices belatedly. He tightens them into fists and shoves them into the pocket of his jeans. Better to look cocky and arrogant than have people realize that he was upset or afraid. He learned that lesson a very long time ago."Some people would be jealous, actually," Strange says. "You've found the fountain of youth, such as it was. A pity that caster is dead. I should liked to have asked him a few questions.""Go fuck yourself," Tony says."Tony!" Pepper exclaims.Tony ignores her, storming out of the room and down the hallway. Knowing that he'll be followed, he heads into the bathroom and slams the door with an unsatisfying thud, flicking the lock. That turns out to be a dumb move, though. He can't avoid the mirror when he turns around, even though he tries. His eyes are automatically drawn to the young - too young! - man, a teenager really, standing there. This kid is short, barely scraping by 5'2 if that, and kind of scrawny. He's got brown hair that badly needs to be cut and not a hint of facial hair. It's wrong. All wrong. "This is all your fucking fault," Tony says to his reflection, grimacing at the sound of his voice. Rhodey tells him that it doesn't sound any different, but Tony begs to differ. It's definitely a little higher than it should be. Repeated attempts to lower it have just resulted in Pepper biting her lip to keep from laughing in his face. "Tones? Are you okay?" Rhodey knocks on the door. "Go away.""I'm not going anywhere, dork. Let me in."It's tempting to keep the door locked, but Tony knows better. He's tried that. Rhodey just went and got Vision. There's nothing more annoying than having the android that you had a hand in creating float up through the floor when you just want to be alone. Vision hadn't listened to him, either. He'd unlocked the door for Rhodey and then Tony was treated to a lecture about why you shouldn't push your friends away when you really need them. Tony pretends the lecture fell on deaf ears, but honestly he's just so damn grateful that Rhodey hasn't thrown his hands up in defeat yet.So he unlocks the door and looks up into Rhodey's eyes. It's not unusual per se - Tony got used to looking up at pretty much everyone in his life a long time ago - but it's a longer distance than usual and it's just one more thing that's different. He has to swallow hard to keep the wobble out of his voice when he says, "So that's that. Science can't fix me. Magic can't fix me. Ready to donate me to the nearest zoo now?""It's not that big of a deal," Rhodey tries."Rhodey. I'm sixteen years old. That's a big fucking deal." Just saying the words makes Tony shudder. "Everyone is going to have a fucking field day. You
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
no homecoming spoilers
Handwavy Science
Handwavy Magic
comic book magic
Comic Book Science
de-age
De-Aged Tony Stark
teenaged Tony Stark
tiny tony
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
handwavy politics
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
protect tony stark
Short tony
Magic sucks
tony stark does not like magic
tony stark gets a second chance
Peter Parker is an Avenger
Virgin Tony Stark
Virgin Peter Parker
Rating May Change
Hugs
rhodey adopts tony
sixteen year old tony stark
Cuddling
Panic Attacks
protective may parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
tags will change
I'm not sure where this fic is going
so tags will be added as we go
First Kiss
Get Together
hand holding
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
First Date

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

