Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony could see the pain Loki and James were going through on his behalf and he hated it. None of this was supposed to happen. He’d known that James’ game of hide and seek with Steve couldn’t last forever, but he’d hoped it would end when James was ready to face his past, not with Steve busting down the door to Tony’s lab.Now the team was a mess, Tony was a mess, Loki was pissed, and James was following the genius around the tower like a foul-tempered guard dog. Hell, Bruce still rumbled his discontent anytime Steve or Natasha got too close to Tony. He didn’t have to worry about that with Clint, as the archer was giving Tony as much space as possible without actually moving out of the tower. (Not that he hadn’t tried. Tony had just firmly put his foot down on that particular issue.) Really, they needed to sit down and have a conversation about the whole thing, but Clint was being his slippery self. It was like he didn’t want to be forgiven.So, for the time being, Tony would focus on his lovers. He’d fallen apart a bit, he was man enough to admit, but it was long-past time to pull himself back together and get his priorities straight. Not more wallowing. Tony was a fixer and it was time he fixed this.It wasn’t hard to get James and Loki together. All he really had to do was head up to the penthouse. Their worry for him manifested in them spending every bit of time with him they could get. Loki still had his business off-world that kept him away, but he’d been trying to keep even that to a minimum. Tony didn’t need to keep holding him back.James was already in the penthouse when Tony arrived, making a sandwich in the kitchen. Wordlessly, he laid out the ingredients for two more. As soon as Tony was close enough, he pulled the genius into a hug and pressed a kiss into his hair.“You’ve come up early,” he observed.Tony just leaned forward to savor the contact.“I missed you two.”The sandwich-making was quickly abandoned in favor of James scooping Tony up off his feet and carrying him to the couch for optimal cuddling. Tony settled in with a pleased hum.“My, don’t we look comfortable?”Tony beamed at the sound of Loki’s voice and twisted around to give the god an approving look. He was especially delighted to see the sandwiches in Loki’s possession.“Why don’t you join us and find out? You don’t have anything else to take care of?”James and Tony shuffled so that Loki could sit with them, Tony now bracketed on either side and feeling quite pleased by it. The sandwiches were placed on the coffee table in front of them.“I have concluded all that I can for the moment,” Loki said with a sigh. “There is only so long I can remain on Muspelheim at any given time. Their realm is… inhospitable to me.”Tony smirked.“The environment or the people?”Loki slipped long fingers into Tony’s hair to scratch lightly at his scalp.“Both, actually.”“Were you harmed?” James demanded, gaze raking over Loki’s form in search of a previously-unnoticed wound.Loki reached across Tony to draw the soldier in for a kiss.“Fear not, love, I have returned unscathed. None knew I was even there.”James gave a satisfied nod as he leaned back to his side of the couch. One ankle, though, was still hooked around Loki’s own. Tony couldn’t suppress his grin.“You seem pleased,” Loki said, clever fingers playing with the shell of Tony’s ear and making him tilt his head closer. “Has something happened to make you so?”“You mean besides being cuddled by two gorgeous men who would do anything for me?”Loki scoffed.“Please, Anthony, don’t be foolish. I am a god who would do anything for you.”Damn, but Tony loved these two. James’ arms wrapped around him from behind as if in agreement.“Myshka is of great importance to us both. You will always be safe with us.”Tony bit his lip, suddenly feeling guilty.“You know,” he murmured, “most days I can’t even believe how impossibly lucky I am. I love you, both of you, and the thought that I’m causing the two of you pain is awful to me.”James scowled, looking a bit confused, but Loki followed Tony’s line of thinking perfectly.“You should never feel poorly because we worry for you,” he insisted gently. “It is a sign of our affections.”“And it means a lot to me that you bother to worry at all. It’s just… I can see the toll all this is taking on the two of you and I hate it.”“It is nothing,” James said, deadly serious as only an assassin ever truly could be. “I am unused to even having the capacity to worry,” he admitted. “With HYDRA, there was only the mission. I strategized and led teams, calculated risk, but there was never worry. Consider it a marvel of the freedom you and Loki gave me that I am able to worry at all.”They were all hopeless saps, Tony decided. If they weren’t meant for each other, he’d eat the Iron Man armor.“Still, I don’t want to be the cause of any more grief for you two. I know you want me to leave the team, that it’s not safe for me here, but I don’t know if I can do that. I am an Ave
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Vacation
Threesome - M/M/M
Fluff and Smut
Smut
Shameless Smut
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Elves
The Nine Realms
Álfheimr | Alfheim
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Partners
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Elf Culture & Customs
Elf Sex
Eventual Smut
Magic
Magical Bond
Love
Hurt/Comfort
Surgery
Healing
Healthy Relationships
Painkillers
Deal with a Devil
kind of
Hope vs. Despair
Graphic Description
Blood and Gore
no violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark

