Work Text:
"So, word is, you're heading back to New York," Tony says.  He's eating while he talks to Steve, popping some snack food into his mouth a piece at a time.  Popcorn, or more dried fruit, maybe.  Steve frowns down at the image on the little phone, and then, unable to help himself, looks around for someone who might be watching him.  It's nothing but miles and miles of dusty highway, winding from town to town, close enough to the interstate that no one but Steve is currently using it.  In the distance, dipping up over the horizon, he sees a pickup truck hauling a horse trailer."Look up," Tony chuckles.  Steve doesn't, because he wasn't born yesterday.  He arches an eyebrow at Tony."Satellites," Steve says.  "You've been tracking me the whole time?" He's been on the road for about a month now, and it makes him uneasy to think that each little stop, each roadside diner and tiny motel, had been noticed and recorded."Relax, I wasn't tracking you."  Steve doesn't relax, and Tony justifies his tension by continuing, "SHIELD was tracking you.  They felt like maybe they should know where you are in case you get kidnapped by your new fans and murdered or something.""They're not so bad," Steve says.  "And I know how to deal with fans."  He does, and folks have been pretty polite anyway, so mostly he signed some autographs and took a couple of pictures here and there, no big deal.  It was the media attention that bothered him; journalists and photographers showing up in the strangest places, no doubt following tips and rumors, tracking him down at odd moments, in small towns and big cities alike.  It hasn't been quite the open road Steve hoped for.  He wishes desperately that his face weren't known, that the Chitauri in the bank hadn't unmasked him.  He didn't realize, at the time, what the consequences of standing in the street with his cowl off would be."Whatever, media darling.  Anyway, I wanted you to know that you're welcome to bunk at Stark Tower if you need to get away from it all."  He pops more food in his mouth, carelessly, chews while he talks.  "Your apartment's on the ninety-eighth floor, keyed to your voice and retinal scan.""I wouldn't get in your way, or Ms Potts'?" Steve's not exactly sure what the tower is for, but he assumes that it has uses other than as an apartment building for old superheroes."Nah, are you kidding? We're in Malibu most of the time anyway. And you have your own floor, so there's no one's way you could possibly get in."Steve doesn't say anything to that, he's so busy calculating the square footage of an entire floor in Stark Tower and trying to convince himself that he heard wrong.  The truck with the horse trailer roars by, stirring up dust and ruffling Steve's hair as he tries to come up with a way to reply.  Tony appears to sense his hesitation, though he obviously doesn't understand the cause of it."And there's a pool, and a gym, and a library, and all the cars you could ever want to drive – not my personal collection, of course, but plenty of others – and, oh, the saunas – I have a masseuse and a chef on staff, you're welcome to – "Steve cuts him off, unable to listen to any more.  "Thank you for the offer, Mr Stark, but I don't need all that."Tony rolls his eyes and sighs dramatically, then puts another bite or two of whatever-it-is in his mouth.  "Oh, right right, I'm sure you don't even need to exercise to maintain your superpowered physique," Tony scoffs, clipping the K sound on physique, like it's an insult.  "And you probably never get muscle cramps, and you can survive on air and sunshine or whatever, blah blah blah.  God, Cap, I gotta get me a hit of that serum sometime."Steve's spine straightens, unconsciously, and he purses his lips.  He considers replying to this, setting Tony straight, but the idea passes in an instant: impossible.  "I meant I'm fine with my apartment in Brooklyn," he says instead.Tony quirks his eyebrows, as if to say your funeral.  "Okay. Your funeral. But the offer's always open."Steve thanks him again and ends the call quickly.  He looks around to be sure, but there's no traffic for miles, so Steve pulls his bike slowly back onto the road and guns it up to speed again.  With the wind against his skin and the sun beating down on his back, the blacktop empty in all directions, he can almost pretend that he's alone.*When he gets back to New York, Steve only lasts five days living in Williamsburg before he packs up again and heads, shamefaced, to Stark Tower.  The people are nice enough, but they're a kind of rich that Steve doesn't know how to deal with, and the neighborhood is crowded and strange, with too many eyes on him all the time.  Since the Battle of New York he's had to wear his collar pulled up and his Mets cap pulled down wherever he goes, but even with that his neighbors are able to recognize him in a few seconds flat.  He signs a few autographs and ruffles some kids' hair, and that's okay, he can do that, be Captain America fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Pierre Matisse (mentioned)

freeform: 
Exposure
Exhibitionism
superhumans
Team as Family
Vulnerability
Food
gamma-irradiated raccoons
pushups
workouts
Interviews
Coming Out
Steve goes on Rachel Maddow
Food Issues
Milkshakes
Burritos
Steve Feels
Bruce Feels
Submission
BDSM

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Pierre Matisse (mentioned)

