Chapter 1: The One with the Origin Story (Redux) - Pt. 1
    




Chapter Text
"Starbucks?" Steve repeated in disbelief. "That coffee shop that's everywhere? No." "What's wrong with Starbucks?" Tony asked."Nothing," Steve explained. "I just… I don't see how I can make a difference by being a bar… bartendista?""Barista," Tony corrected. "And since when have we been talking about making a difference? I thought this was about how you apparently can't stand living in a custom-built, seaside mansion, with the one and only Tony Stark as your billionaire-roommate-uncle.""Technically, Tony," Pepper said, without looking up, "I think Steve's closer to being your uncle, not the other way around."Pepper had spent the entirety of the conversation unhurriedly flipping through a magazine. When she reached the last page, she'd get in the car that was waiting to take her home. Ever since Steve had recovered enough to keep regular hours, Pepper flipping pages while Tony teased him had become an almost nightly ritual.It had been four months since Tony had received the out of nowhere phone call that a top-secret search-and-rescue project started and still posthumously funded by Howard Stark had finally located the lost aircraft of Captain America. While keeping the discovery to themselves, Tony and Pepper had personally nursed Steve back to health, given him a home, and helped him acclimate somewhat to this new century. Now that he was better, he was starting to get restless. Hard-wired into Steve's nature was a need for constant activity, but the last thing he wanted was to insult the people who'd ever taken the time to care for him. "I don't want you two to think…" he tried to explain.Pepper paused to crease an article about a fundraiser Stark Industries had thrown the previous month for the Getty Institute, because even when she was reading fashion magazines, she was still working. "Tony doesn't mean it," she said. "You're a grown man, Steve. If you want to get a job, we should help you do that.""But what can he do?" Tony pressed. "The guy just woke up from a seventy year nap. He can barely use a microwave, has no computer skills—""I'm learning. I bought a movie on iTunes yesterday all by myself. And watched it.""Silicon Valley, here we come.""Maybe a more productive way about this would be to find out what you used to be good at," Pepper suggested. "Is there anything you did before the war? Or some other non-combat skill you picked up in the army?"Steve thought, and driven by Pepper's encouraging nods, he began to talk. He told them about the research he used to do before each Hydra mission, about the investigating he used to do around each new town they captured, the interviews with locals they used to conduct, the reports he used to write for Colonel Phillips.Some minutes into his stream of consciousness, Pepper looked at Tony. "Journalism? Maybe a newspaper?"Tony shrugged and slurped down his scotch. "It's old-school enough. Might work. Don't I own a newspaper? I feel like I own a newspaper. JARVIS?" he asked the thin air, in a way Steve still hadn't gotten used to. "JARVIS, do I own a newspaper?""You own the New York Herald, sir.""You're joking." Steve had gotten all his news as a child by walking past newsstands and reading the headlines on the Herald. As far as he was concerned, it was the greatest paper on earth. "You own The Herald?""Apparently.""You've owned it for twenty years, Tony. I have semi-annual check-ins with the leadership team. You should join me sometime. The editor in chief is a darling." Pepper turned to Steve. "I can arrange something, if you're interested. What do you think?""Sure," he replied, turning the idea over in his mind. He'd never pictured himself as a journalist, but now that Pepper had mentioned it, the idea checked off a lot of things that mattered to him. In a different way, he could still stand up for the little guys. And also… "It's a hell of a lot more accessible than, say, whatever half the people down at Stark Headquarters do all day. And I'm a quick study.""It's in New York, though." Pepper had mastered a certain kind of stoicism (she'd had to, being Tony's assistant for so long), but Steve could tell when she was trying to stop her lower lip from wobbling."I'll be okay. I'm from New York. And you've both been out there three times in the past two months. We'll see each other all the time.""If that's what you want…" Pepper took a deep breath and closed her eyes. By the time she opened them again, she was all business. "Write a resume draft and I'll put some polish on it. I'll get you some examples. You'll also need clips—sample news stories. Write a few based on events from over the past couple of years. JARVIS can insert them into websites and make it look like you published them. We'll say you've been a freelancer. We can even say you were in the army before that, so it isn't all a lie. Tony, I want you to hack into whatever needs to be hacked into to give Steve a hire-able ide
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Superheroics
Journalism
Ensemble Friendships
Found Family
Action & Romance
Angst and Humor
Multiple Plot Lines
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Undercover Missions
Stakeout
Neighbors
Roommates
Hanging Out

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

