Chapter 1: Purgation
    




Chapter Text
Azoth is the essential agent of transformation in alchemy—the name given by ancient alchemists to mercury, the animating spirit hidden in all matter that makes transmutation possible.
 

01. PurgationThe purification or cleansing of someone or something


Christmas, 1998

 

-x-
It was at Christmas hols that Harry first recognised his platonic marriage to Ron Weasley was in the final, anticlimactic, throes of death. The realisation sent him reeling like a bludger to the face.
Seven years and this is how it ends? he thought. His brow furrowed as he tried to understand what the loss of a best mate would mean to his life. The Weasleys were ignorant of this sudden bout of inner hysteria, and as happy as they could be, short one member. He and Hermione, fresh off a portkey from Australia, sat at one end of the Burrow dinner table and felt distinctly out of place.
“I passed the last character assessment on Friday,” Ron was saying, a fork of Christmas goose poised halfway to his mouth. “Can you believe it? I'm a real Auror trainee now! Just two years to go. The class is pretty small actually, you’d never think so with it being such a brill job, but…”
Hermione leaned into Harry. Her shoulder pressed against his, warm and solid. “No second thoughts?” she whispered.
Harry shook his head a fraction, and made a show of shovelling peas into his mouth before Ron noticed their side conversation. “Not without NEWTs.”
They’d had this conversation before, the first time after Kingsley suggested letting all three of them into the Auror program on their names alone, and Ron had immediately said ‘Brilliant!’ before either Hermione or Harry could get a word in.
He was happy for Ron, happy he would be first of the three of them to be an Auror. The early start would give him a chance to make friends and prove himself without being in Harry’s shadow, which was all to the good in Harry’s opinion. Let Ron have his gushing. It was just that…he’d never been apart from Ron for so long. And Ron was doing well in the program. Really well. Without Harry. Without Hermione, even.
What did that mean?
“And I’ll find out who my training partner is at the new year. I hope it’s not Michael Corner.”
“Michael Corner’s in the Auror program?” Ginny asked, rather too interestedly in Harry’s opinion, but then again, it wasn’t like it was his business anymore. He’d lost that privilege the moment he told her he didn't want to try again, and she’d frowned at him, and said ‘I figured this would happen.’ He was still trying to figure out what she’d meant by that.
“Unfortunately,” Ron said around a mouthful of mash. “And his mate Goldstein. What a prick.”
“Ronald!” Mrs Weasley said.
“Sorry, Mum. But he really is,” Ron added to Harry and Hermione. As if they’d never met Goldstein before or had classes with him for six years.
“Oh, hey, how’re your parents?”
Hermione froze. Harry reached beneath the table and clenched her hand in what he hoped was a comforting manner. Of course this topic would come up, it was just that neither of them had expected it to come up at the dinner table only thirty minutes after their arrival. In hindsight, they should’ve known better.
The swearing would come any minute now. Harry tensed in anticipation. It had been eight months since the final battle, and eight months since her vocabulary shifted, but he still wasn’t accustomed to hearing swear words from Hermione’s mouth.
“They seemed…fine.” Hermione stared at her plate. The silence around the table was tense enough to make Harry’s skin crawl. Ron didn’t notice. Harry wasn’t sure he’d even noticed the swearing yet, actually.
“When are they coming home?”
“Ron…” Mr Weasley said, picking up on clues his son had not.
“They aren’t, as it happens.” Hermione’s voice had risen slightly in pitch, but she still didn’t look up from her food. She took a sip of water and avoided looking at anyone.
“So, who else is in the Auror program?” Harry asked desperately.
Anything to get them off the subject of Hermione’s parents. It had taken her six months just to find them, and then with being back at Hogwarts, she hadn’t had a chance to go fix their memories until Christmas hols. Ron might’ve known this already, but he’d had Auror training and couldn’t take the time off to come with.
“Why not?” Auror training that apparently didn’t extend to perception training.
Hermione slammed her glass down, spilling water all along the frayed tablecloth. George winced, but said nothing. “Because they don’t remember me, you oblivious git!”
There it was, the swearing.
She shoved back from the table and ran from the house, so quickly that she’d almost made it to the door before her chair finally hit the floor. A rush of cold wind whirled past them as the door slammed shut. For a beat, silence. Then Ginny ran after, and the cold air sailed over them a second time. Harry tipped his head back, and wondered if he believed in God, and if so, would God give him the strength to bea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Millicent Bulstrode/Hermione Granger
Lavender Brown/Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Alchemy
Animagus
Pining
Snark
Chemistry
Apprenticeship
Potions
Boggarts
Cats
Transfigurations
Hogwarts Eighth Year
Quidditch
Harry Potter is Good at Potions
Mentor Severus Snape
Harry Potter Needs a Hug
Good Slytherins
Hermione deals with her feelings by swearing
Ron is still a good friend
There is no bashing
Unreliable Narrator
People Change People
Animagus Harry Potter
Severus Snape's Hogwarts Portrait
N.E.W.T.s | Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests
Harry becomes a Potions Master out of pettiness
Sassy Harry Potter
Master of Death Harry Potter
kind of

fandom: 
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Millicent Bulstrode/Hermione Granger
Lavender Brown/Ron Weasley

