Chapter 1: To Give Your All
    




Chapter Text
Odin Allfather is a terror to behold in his rage. His council flinches before him, the messenger that delivered the terrible news ducking his head and backing away respectfully so as not to catch the god’s unintended wrath.“This slight shall not be ignored,” Odin growls, rising from his grand chair and almost upsetting the table in the process.Static crackles audibly in the air, tensions rising with the physical sensation tingling on their skin.“We should attempt to reason with them,” one of the council men pipes up quickly.It is well known that whoever’s advice the king takes becomes heralded as a hero among the nobles of Asgard.“No,” another man butts in, frowning. “We should use this against the barbarians. Perhaps one of the Ordinat can be leveraged to give us information.”“That’s absurd!” a third says, rolling his eyes. “If the organization has revoked their deal with us, they are our enemies now!”Odin’s eldest, Prince Thor Odinson, rises from the table with a grim scowl on his face. “Send me, Father. My warriors and I can make this right.”A dark chuckle sounds from the other side of the table. The men of the council shudder in their tunics, shooting unfavorable glances at the younger prince.“You find this statement humorous, brother?” Thor asks while Odin glowers at the table top with his one good eye.Loki Odinson laughs again, finally gracing his brother with a cold, green stare. “You think your blundering band of boars can do anything to help this? There are situations that can't be settled with blood, you know.”Loki’s smirk deepens as Thor’s face reddens and his eyes narrow. Loki isn't opposed to violence and blood at all, in fact, but he knows the tongue lashing Thor recently received for his actions in the field is still fresh in his brother’s mind. Fresh enough for a well-placed barb to prick the wound.“Watch your words, Silvertongue,” Thor says from behind his teeth.Once again, Loki’s smirk widens. “Pride wounded, Oh Mighty Thor? Does it hurt worse than the thought of our father’s disapproval?”Thunder echoes in the distance, reacting to Thor’s anger. It seems he’s more than willing to begin the fight here rather than with Asgard’s enemies.“Silence!” Odin commands, slamming his fist on the table to stop his sons’ bickering. He turns to the council men, who all rise from their seats immediately. “Leave me with my sons.”The six men bow in almost-unison and scurry from the council room, muttering amongst one another about how their advice is never taken by their king.As soon as the door closes, Thor speaks. “Father –”“Silence,” Odin commands again. His eye flits between the princes, Thor standing and Loki leaning back in his seat. “This behavior is unacceptable. If the two of you are unable to control your tongues in the presence of the council, perhaps neither of you are mature enough to accompany these meetings.”His words cut Thor deeply, while Loki is merely content to sit and watch his father’s rage.“Father –” Thor tries again, but is once more cut off.“Keep yourself free of trouble for the time being,” Odin orders, taking his seat and pulling one of the maps on the council table closer to him. “The both of you are dismissed.”---Thor grumbles as he walks, his four friends following in his wake. Fandral lags behind the group’s strides and Hogun exchanges a glance with Volstagg following a noticeable look at Thor’s back.“Although I agree that the betrayal is cause for a fight, you shouldn't go,” Sif states from the prince’s side.“I know. I will not,” he replies tightly, and then sighs as his pace slows.He's been walking without thought, letting his feet guide him to the edges of Asgard’s mighty kingdom. The outskirts of the city are not a usual place for a prince to grace, and the people notice and whisper.“Let’s go riding, Thor,” Fandral suggests. “It will do you well.”“I agree,” Sif seconds. “To take your mind off things.”Thor pauses a moment, and then with a shrug of his broad shoulders, relents.---It took you forever to suss out where the last Ordinat filth were holed up. You knew they'd be waiting for you, but you hadn't anticipated that they’d be on you the moment you arrived.You turn and slash yet another body, your sword cutting clean through flesh and bone as it always has. The man falls screaming, another replacing him and coming at you.Your strikes and blows come easy, your well-trained muscles reacting on reflex after hundreds and hundreds of battles. Once you've finished with these troops, it'll be simple to scout out what twisted group of people the Ordinat have latched onto. And when you find them, you'll only have one more battle to fight.And then it will finally – truly – be over.You feel for your power, knowing it will expend your energy and deciding it worth it. Darkness streaks from around you, spearing enemies that had you surrounded. Men and women scream, their dying sounds quite satisfying.Oh, how you hate the Ordinat. How yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
fem reader - Freeform
Pre-Avengers Asgard
Smut
Eventual Smut
Slow Burn
Enemies to Lovers
Reader Has Powers
Blood
Explicit Language
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Suicidal Thoughts
Low Key Sif/Thor
Angst
Pre-Thor (2011)
Romantic Tension
Vaginal Sex
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Teasing
Vaginal Fingering
A Princely Blowjob
POV Second Person
No use of y/n

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

