Work Text:
Steve let Bucky forget. He let him forget about them and who they were and what they were. He let Bucky forget all of it. Who was he to stand in the way of Bucky's happiness? Steve Rogers only ever wanted his best guy to be happy, and now...now he was. So, Steve put his happiness second and let Bucky's happiness fly free. It had been enough for him that Bucky had come back to him and that Stark let him stay and the two of them were on mostly good terms. It was just enough for him to be by Bucky's side, even if it meant he couldn't have him anymore. 
Bucky had woken up and recovered, his memory still shot to shit however, and bounced back into the new Bucky Barnes. He was still the same sometimes, just a little more quiet and broody with a touch of cynicism, but Steve couldn't care less. He was a little heart broken at first to realize that his fiance was not the same as he had been when they were together, but he got over it. Bucky was Bucky, and that was that. He loved Bucky and he always would. This however, did not mean that his feelings were reciprocated.
Bucky had of course forgotten about everything between the two of them that was besides friendship. It wasn't his fault, and Steve didn't blame him. Sometimes Bucky would forget where he was or who he was and freak out, and some days he was so teaming with life that he couldn't sit still. His memories with Steve were few and far between, and Steve ached to have Bucky remember a shred of anything that was theirs. But, that wasn't how things were going. 
Bucky had moved on from the past and was living in the present. That much was clear. That much, was very clear to Steve. Any prior relationship that they had had was gone. Zip. Zilch. Out of the window. Say goodbye now. The only reason for this was because of Natasha.
Now, Steve didn't resent her and he didn't hate her. He was envious of her and heartbroken when she would walk into the room. The reason? She had Bucky, and Steve didn't. 
Yes, this--this was the startling truth. It had happened sometime while Steve was away on a mission with Sam, and when he came back the two were snuggled up like two peas in a pod. From there, they were attached at the hip everywhere they went and were almost always touching. At first, Steve thought that maybe it was a good thing because Bucky finally was making some friends. But that optimism slowly diminished when he saw the lingering touches and too long looks or less casual stances and placements of hands. It became apparent when he heard Natasha and Bucky talking late at night half in Russian and English and he caught a few words along the lines of 'my love' and only you understand me Natalia'. 
So, Steve was a good boy and he let go. He let go of Bucky and let him flourish in his new found love and happiness with Natasha and he buried his heart deep in his chest. He took off his engagement ring Bucky had given him and looped it around the dog tags he wore around his neck, and when he was asked about it he lied and said it was his mother's. Everyone believed him, and no one was the wiser. He had started taking scent and heat suppressants after that. The heats were low and an uncomfortable itch under his skin that went away after a few hours, and his scent was washed away clean. It was neutral and blended into most of his surroundings and he was able to keep his emotions from seeping into the rooms he was in all at once. 
He had started taking them because when he finally realized he was never going to get Bucky back, he seemed to smell depressed and uninviting. Bucky had commented on it for a while and then one day, it stopped. He came into the room smelling normal and faintly of his own scent and Bucky had just frowned and said he smelled differently. Steve gave him a small smile and just said that he sorted through his problems so that was why he smelled different. It wasn't like Bucky remembered his scent anyway and if he did, he didn't say anything. 
There were only three people on the team who knew that he was taking the pills, but only two of them knew why. Sam was the first to find out because he had pushed Steve for an answer when Steve was sitting in his bed unmoving and staring blankly at the wall with disinterest. After that, Sam made it his personal mission to perk up the Star Spangled Man with A Plan and see to it that his heart would heal and blossom again. Tony, was the other. He had found out by complete accident however, when Steve was tranquilized with drugs to make it easier for him to heal from his broken bones and scrapes. He had jokingly said to Steve that the only reason Barnes must still be around was because Steve was 'tapping that ass', and Steve answered with a dopey smile and a harsh laugh accompanied with a sad 'Not anymore, he don't need me anymore. Got somethin' better than me now 'an he's happy'. That had shut Tony up, and all joking was put aside and the billionaire comforted Steve even after the drugs wore off and the two o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Engaged
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
natasha and Bucky are bffs
Love
Romance
Steve Rogers Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
Recovery
supportive friends
First Kiss
First Time
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Broken Heart
Broken vow
Past Relationship(s)
Alpha!Bucky
Omega!Steve
proposal
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Top!Bucky
bottom!Steve
Misunderstandings
Depressed Steve
Medicated Steve
Hurt
True Love
Name Calling
Barren Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

