Work Text:
“Steve, you don't gotta—” Bucky tries to say, when he's ten days out of SHIELD custody, and the dark circles under his eyes make it look like he hasn't slept since he was last sedated. It's probably close to the truth. It's bright afternoon, and there's a baseball game on. Steve knows how Bucky spent last night, keeping watch by his side, leaving only to do quick perimeter checks of their Brooklyn apartment—because they're coming for him, and they're coming for Steve, and Bucky can only allow one of those things to happen. “None of that shit. C'mere,” Steve tells him, and Bucky does, because Bucky always does what Steve tells him (even—especially—when he makes a show of telling Steve 'no,'). “This way, you'll know you're home, and I'm with you.”Too tired to argue further, Bucky does what he says, and rests his head on Steve's lap. “This ain't gonna help,” he says, letting his eyes close. “But if it makes you feel better...”Steve grabs the blanket that he keeps folded at one end of the couch, and covers Bucky with it. Bucky lets out a soft, contented sound, and Steve gets a hand in his messy hair. Bucky's out in two minutes, and he sleeps for two hours, and that shouldn't feel like some kind of trophy, but Steve's ready to go have one made. “Told you,” Steve says, and Bucky yawns and hides his face in Steve's sweatpant-clad thigh.  –“Steve, you don't have to—” Bucky says, but he still can't sleep at night, and Steve has seen what that many hours alone with his thoughts can do to him. “I want to stay up with you tonight. Now shove over, you're hogging the couch.” Bucky rearranges himself so his sprawl occupies a fair partition. “I pick the movie,” he says, quickly adding, “you get the next one,” “I can live with those terms,” Steve says, sitting down next to him and promptly putting his legs up to encroach on Bucky's territory. Bucky stares at Steve's socked feet and cracks a smile. “Have you seen Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid?”“Nope,” Steve says. “I have lists. It might be on a list.”“I saw it on a hotel television sometime in the seventies,” Bucky says. He sounds a little sad. “I don't remember much about it. It was good, I think. I think I liked it.”Steve nudges Bucky's thigh with his toes until he smiles again. “It sounds good. We can watch.”“It starts in twenty minutes. That's enough time for hot chocolate,” Bucky says, grinning. Steve can't help but smile back. “Am I making you cocoa, or are you making me cocoa?”“You're staying up for me, so I'm making it for you,” Bucky says, making a show of climbing to his feet as if it were a herculean effort.“In that case, I'll keep you company in the kitchen.”Bucky freezes him in place with a look. “The whole point of me making you hot chocolate is that you get to stay on the couch.”“But I'd rather talk to you,” Steve says, aiming his best puppy-eyes Bucky's way – it's a very effective method for putting an end to protest. Try as he might, Bucky has never been immune. As it turns out, Bucky makes a mean hot chocolate, and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, despite the somewhat ridiculous name, is a pretty great movie. Steve falls asleep sometime past sunrise, after talking to Bucky—about everything and nothing—for hours. Watching Bucky's face in the soft glow of the morning light, Steve feels some of the loneliness he's been carrying in his heart like a stone since the ice melt away. –“You don't have to take me home, Steve,” Bucky says. “I can find it all on my own.”Except his hands—steady hands, sniper's hands, one flesh and one metal—are shaking, and he looks like he can't shake the eyes of strangers from his skin. And Steve knows Bucky—he knows damn well that Bucky's not going anywhere unless Steve drags him there. At the start of the night he looked good in his suit, had managed a decent approximation of confident and happy. But now there's sweat ruining Bucky's artfully-mussed hair and running down his forehead. His lower lip looks swollen, like he's worried the inside bloody with his teeth. People have been coming up to him all evening, eager for the time and attention of a resurrected hero, and Steve remembers how that feels. Except to Bucky, who sleeps every third night, and panics when he doesn't have a clear eye-line to the nearest exit, they're all potential attackers—threats in the making. Steve needs to get him home. “Let's get out of here,” Steve says—and then, when Bucky stares after him, gaze hollow. “I'm not letting you leave me here alone.”Steve guides Bucky out of the hotel ballroom with a steady hand on the small of his back. He waves off anyone who tries to stop either of them for one last conversation with a warm smile, and a firm, polite goodbye. “We're free, Buck!” Steve says, when the cool night air hits his skin. Bucky's lips curl in a tight smile. He's still off balance. His hands are still shaking. Steve needs to fix this. He knows that's not how it works, that Bucky's been to the kinds of places no one comes back from, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Blow Jobs
Tuxedos
First Kiss
Smoking
Couch Cuddles
Movie Night
Friendship/Love
Nightmares
Diners
boyfriends who don't realize that they are boyfriends
Psychological Trauma

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

