Work Text:
“You will stay here until Father decides your punishment.”
Loki ignores Thor’s serious tone, instead focusing on working out the kinks in his jaw caused by the damned muzzle. His eyes take in the cell’s sparse furnishings, the books stacked in a corner undoubtedly left by Frigga, but it is the wash basin that sets his mind in motion.
Thor is still talking, Loki is still ignoring him, when he pulls his tunic over his head. His overcoat and armor had been taken from him before they even reached the dungeons, leaving him with substantially fewer clothing articles to remove. He hears the hitch in Thor’s voice as the expanse of his stomach and chest are revealed, forces himself not to smirk when his not brother’s fingers curl ever so slightly at his sides, as if such an action will quell his want.
He has one boot off and is working on the other when Thor finally speaks up again. “What are you doing?”
“Well,” Loki drawls, looking for all as if he is innocent to the tightening bulge in Thor’s pants, “unlike a certain someone, I was not afforded the luxury of a bath after our fight.” Ah, yes, there is the tightening of Thor’s muscles, the tension in his neck, all signs of an intense desire to punish Loki for his transgressions. Well Loki is about to give him an outlet, one that will satisfy them both. “So unless you plan on helping me remove my boot, I do not see the need for you to be here. Go on,” Loki orders in the most patronizing voice he can muster, his hands working in a ‘shooing’ motion at the same time. “Be gone.”
“Loki,” Thor growls.
“Thor,” Loki returns in a much more pleasant tone.
“You try my patience, brother.”
Loki focuses his attention on his boot, working it off his foot and setting it down with a graceful flourish next to its mate. He turns his back to Thor, but not before making sure his brother sees his fingers reach up for the laces on his leggings. “I always try your patience, Thor.” Loki sighs dramatically as he slides the material down his legs, bending over so Thor is presented with a front seat row to view his ass, but not enough to display his quim. It is a taunt, an obvious one, but one Thor has always fallen for.
Sure enough, the next moment Thor spins him around, and Loki finds his hips pinned between Thor’s massive bulk and the small table, their faces so close there is no way for Thor to hide the quiver of his Adam’s apple when Loki’s breath ghosts over it. Thor’s arms trap him on either side, creating a small, if warmer and much more enjoyable, prison. Loki runs a hand up along the straining muscles of Thor’s arm, the one he uses to swing Mjolnir, gaining pleasure from the way it twitches under his light touch. “Why, Thor,” he starts in barely a whisper, “you act as if I have angered you.”
“You have angered me greatly, Loki.” Thor’s blue eyes bore into Loki’s own, and he cannot suppress the shiver that runs down his spine. It has been a long time since Thor looked at him with such an intense combination of anger and lust, not since he cut Sif’s golden hair from her head. “And now, when you are thrown down and defeated, you make a mockery of yourself, as if your crimes were mere trifling jests.”
Loki nods along to Thor’s words, deliberately rolling his hips against Thor’s under the pretense of situating himself more comfortably on the table, relishing the feel of Thor’s hard cock against his thigh and knowing that his brother wants him. “Defeated, yes, but not thrown down.” He levels a predatory smirk at Thor, his arms wrapping around his brother’s neck. “Not quite yet.”
“You test me, Loki,” Thor warns.
“And I am doing a rather good job of it, do you not agree?” Loki purrs in response.
That is the final straw. Thor roars and throws him to the floor. Loki gasps when he lands on his side, scrambles to reposition himself, but Thor gives him no time to recover. His not-brother’s hands manhandle him onto his back and spreads his legs, presenting Loki’s quim as if it were an offering on an altar. Loki, propping himself up on his elbows to watch, gasps again, this time in anticipation of what he knows Thor will do. Thor has always had a fascination bordering on worship for Loki’s cunt.
It is the same no matter how many times they do this, but no less exciting. First, Thor will touch and explore, as delicately as he can while lost to his temper and overtaken by lust. Ah, there it is. Even knowing it is coming, Loki still gives a hiss of satisfaction, arching his hips and silently begging for more. Thor does not look at his face, all his attention is focused on Loki’s most intimate place, his large fingers teasing along its folds. Loki bites his lip in a failed attempt to stifle a whine when his not-brother’s thumb brushes against the base of his cock.
Thor pulls back, and even though Loki knows what comes next, he still lets out another whine when the heat of Thor’s touch moves away from his quim. Second, Thor will hook Loki’s legs over his broad shoulders, spreading Loki open for 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Intersex Loki
Pregnant Loki
Dungeon Sex

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

