Work Text:
*Disclaimer: It is a work of FICTION and the author does not claim any knowledge about the private lives of the characters nor is the story meant to imply anything about their sexuality. It is 100% RPF*Tom thought Ryan had it all... He was older, sexy as hell and always seemed to have a mischievous glint in his eye.  When they'd met months before on the Marvel studio lot there had been an instant easy chemistry, the older man had then asked the younger man out to lunch with him. They talked about acting and Ryan had imparted some advice to the up and coming actor... But their date had been mostly thinly veiled flirting and sexual innuendos that had turned on Tom so much he was touching himself as soon as he got back to his place that day. And again that night. Thinking of all the ways he wanted the stud.  He couldn't get Ryan off his mind.  He knew then and there he'd have to have this man.   And on the night that would change his life forever, the premier of Spider-Man:Homecoming he got to have him as his cherry "on top".  So when he showed up at the premiere unexpectedly... Tom knew he'd have his chance.  And now they were here.... Up in Tom's hotel room... "Uhhhhhh!" Tom bellowed, his back arching as Ryan slid deep and hard.  He felt the change in pace, the urgency as Ryan plunged deeper and his strokes came faster.Tom lifted his long sensuous legs from the bed and let them dangle in the air.  He spread them wide while reaching between his legs to grab his leaking cock. Ryan leaned down and began kissing along Tom's jaw, eliciting soft moans from the boy, Ryan laid himself flat against Tom, still giving him just enough room to stroke himself as Ryan thrust with more measured intensity. Ryan began to swivel his sexy hips and dig deep to hit Tom's prostate. Tom began moaning even louder, the new angle hitting all the right spots, he felt tears welling up in his eyes. The pain, the pleasure.  It was all too much. He buried his blushing face into the pillow and let out a scream so loud the entire hotel probably heard.  Ryan wanted to blow the young man away. Mark him for life.  Make sure he would never forget this night.   His lips kissed at Tom's cheeks, he grabbed Tom's face and cupped his cheek.  It was a possessive move but one he was sure turned the horny boy on even more. 

"Uh.... ooh, ohhhh!" Tom moaned, legs shaking and toes curling.  He didn't know whether to stay in the moment or just cum right then and there.  Ryan smiled devilishly down at him..."You like that?" Ryan teases. Tom gasps at the question. Wide eyed, looking at the stud on top of him. Ryan began nibbling at Tom's bottom lip as he jabbed inside the young hottie harder.

 "You like that?" He asked more forcefully, with an intense look in his eyes, piercing right into Tom's soul. Tom nodded fervently, his free hand reaching back and grabbing onto the sheets so hard. Knuckles turning white. He let out a chocked "Oh my god... Yessss... I do!! I Love it aaahhh"...   Ryan lifted up, looking down at Tom with lust filled eyes as he snapped his hips a little harder. Tom threw his head back and let out a guttural groan as he wrapped his smooth legs around Ryan's waist, heels interlocking as he rocked back , needy, against every thrust.  Ryan breathed hard, took in the sight of Tom gasping and looking back at him.Sweat matted Tom's hair to his head and his mouth was open, freely releasing groans.  Ryan's hand roamed Tom's defined chest."Like that?" Ryan asked breathlessly. His voice low and silky smooth, slowing down his strokes for a moment. Tom nodded a response, trying to grasp onto words as his body tried to grasp onto any drops of oxygen. Ryan pulled out almost all the way and waited before slamming back in.  

 "Aaaaaaah Ryan!!!" Tom moaned, tipping his head back, ankles hooking even tighter against Ryan's back, preventing him from pulling too far out. The boy was absolutely insatiable for cock. "I like it" Ryan said, voice deep and dreamy, shallow thrusts making Tom's back arch just a little more under Ryan. 

 "I like being in you" Ryan groaned out.  Tom's eyed welled up again looking up at the gorgeous man that was making him come apart, mouth agape because he wasn't able to find that part of the brain that controlled speech.Ryan's dirty talking was the sweetest torture.   "I like fucking you hard" Ryan whispered and that yanked a tight groan from Tom that made Ryan smile for a second before his own thrust forced him to close his eyes and slow down for just an instant.

"Fuckkk meeee ughnn" Tom whimpered. Biting his lips.  He exhaled hard before pleading, "Baby, please.... fuckkk meeee" Tom keened.  His eyes full of deep need, begging for release. Ryan held onto Tom's beautiful face, his face dangerously close to Tom's.  He swallowed each of Tom's ragged breaths, lips just barely grazing Tom's as he worked into Tom a little harder. Tom's mouth opened into a silent moan.  His spine was tingling and his legs were tightening arou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tom Holland/Ryan Reynolds
Deadpool/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Smut
Shameless Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Gay Sex
Gay Male Character
Older Man/Younger Man
Gay
Humor
Sexual Humor
Sexual Content
Funny
Tongue-in-cheek
Bottom Tom
Deadpool References
Mentions of Spider-man
Spider-Man/Deadpool (2016) #4
Anal Sex
Anal Play
Body Worship
Body Hair
Age Difference
Sex
Rough Sex
Rough Kissing
real person fiction - Freeform
Freeform
Real people
Work of fiction
Spideypool Day
Deadpool - Freeform
spiderman - Freeform
tom holland - Freeform
ryan reynolds - Freeform
Daddy Kink
Daddy Issues
MCU Kissing Fest
Marvel - Freeform
Marvel Universe
Marvel Cinematic Universe - Freeform
Spideypool - Freeform
Precious Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker
Alpha Wade
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Wade Wilson - Freeform
Light Dom/sub
Orgasm Delay
Gratuitous Smut
Dominance
cockslut
Porn

fandom: 
Tom Holland/Ryan Reynolds
Deadpool/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

