Chapter 1: Emergency
    




Chapter Text
Chapter OneSteve Rogers is a first-class asshole…when he plays basketball. Currently he is dancing across a small outdoor court in gym shorts and t-shirt, using his tightly muscled derriere to box out his best friend of many years. Sam curses at him like a sailor throughout. “Goddamnit, Rogers! Haven’t you ever heard of boundaries?” he hisses, after Steve backs into him on the rectangular cement pad yet again, dribbling energetically. It always makes him smile. They’ve been playing together for how long? And Sam still expects him to behave. Really the only time the two of them have been away from each other for an extended period was when Sam went out of state for his medical residency; Steve was eternally grateful to get him back for his fellowship. Inseparable growing up and now living in the same apartment building, he and Sam treat each other like brothers. Including the occasional arguing and one-upping. They are playing one on one, their regular Saturday pick up-game having ended shortly before. Steve laughs and twists, racing around his dark-skinned companion and making an easy layup. “Score!” he yells, and pumps his fist up into the already humid late summer air in victory. Sam, similarly attired but more sweaty, bends and puts his hands on his knees, breathing heavily.“I knew I should’ve stayed in bed this morning,” he jokes wheezily. The blond, wide-shouldered man with him chuckles and walks across the court to retrieve the errant ball, which has rolled into the cropped grass surrounding them. “If Natasha was in it, I’m surprised you did get out of bed.” Natasha is Sam’s red-headed girlfriend, who practically lives with him already in his two bedroom place, down the hall from Steve’s.Head still down, Sam shakes it side to side. “Work today.”As he squats down and picks up the ball with both hands, Steve laughs again. “Guess you’re stuck with me then.” His eye catches movement from the other end of the courtyard, beyond the few small trees and benches at the far end. He freezes in place, sucking in a giant gulp of air as Sam approaches from behind.“So what time are we supposed to be at Thor’s for the….”The end of his sentence never comes; he trails off when he sees the look on his friend’s face, a mixture of shock and wonder. Sam looks up in the direction Steve is fixated on and sees a man standing at the door to their building, fumbling with the entry keypad, while a black and tan miniature dachshund on a leash waits next to him, impatiently jumping up on his legs.“It’s him,” Steve breathes, and blinks slowly.“It’s who?” Sam inquires curiously, looking down at Steve, still squatting on the ground, and back up at the man again. The stranger in question, tall, dark-haired and clad in shorts and a V-necked black shirt, has now figured out the keypad and gotten the door open, letting his dog enter before him.“HIM! ” Steve bites out and finally stands back up, paralysis cured with the disappearance of the man inside. He looks at Sam meaningfully. “The guy I told you about from the park and the grocery store. Him! He moved in here!” The last sentence is spoken in a hushed whisper, reverent caresses surrounding the words. Sam grabs the ball out of Steve’s hands. “The guy you have the hots for without actually knowing? Wow, go figure. Small world.” He spins the ball around on one finger. “He must be the new 3C then. That’s only two down from you.” He stops and waves a hand in front of Steve’s face, as he is still staring intensely at the now-vacant stoop and door. “Earth to Steve,” he razzes. “Maybe you should go ask to borrow a cup of sugar.”Steve comes out of his stupor and studies Sam’s face seriously for a moment. “I dunno…do you think I should?” he says almost shyly, and Sam blinks slowly, brow furrowed. “Who are you and what have you done with the real Steve?”Glancing at the apartment door absently and then back at Sam again, Steve asks confusedly, “What are you talking about?”Sam widens his stance and rests the basketball between one arm and his hip. “You, man, I’m talking about you! Normally you would make a lewd remark like, ‘I’d want more than just sugar’, not stare at me with puppy-dog eyes.” Steve screws up his face. “You’re making me sound like a sexual predator, Sam.”“NO I’m NOT!” Sam denies hotly. “It’s just…you’re not usually all bashful and starry-eyed. What is it about this guy?”Steve shrugs and grabs the ball back from under Sam’s arm. “Nothing.”Laughing, Sam tips the ball out of his hands yet again and grabs it out of the air. “Yeah, right. Well at any rate, you’ll have to try and at least get a name from him next time.” Grimacing, Steve walks in stride with Sam back towards their building and recalls his two chance meetings with the new resident in their apartment complex. The first had been one week ago, at the nearby park he jogs in. He was loping along on one of the wooded trails that wound in and out of the early evening sun when he turned 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
Explicit Language
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Alternate Universe
POV Steve Rogers
weiner dogs are the bomb
Tongue Fucking
Drunk Steve is fun
Beard Burn
Not Safe Sane and Consensual
I'm too romantic
but it's just fiction
Neighbors
Web Designer Steve
Contractor Bucky
Clint loves pie charts

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

