Chapter 1: Bright Idea
    




Chapter Text
Darcy swallowed a bite of cereal. “So you’re saying, what, Asgard’s like deporting your brother to Earth?”
	“Your Director Fury wishes to strengthen the diplomatic ties between Earth and Asgard.” Thor sitting in a chair at the kitchen table in Jane’s tiny London flat looked almost like a grownup sitting at the kids’ table at Thanksgiving. At least he’d changed out of his armor and changed into what Darcy had termed his ‘lumberjack-wear.’ “The All-Father is being—indulgent. He is aware that your realm has suffered because of Loki’s actions. Director Fury thinks Loki should serve some of his punishment here.”
	“I don’t want him back on Earth,” said Erik, who was dividing his attention between a sheet of paper onto which he was scribbling notes, his breakfast, and the conversation. “It’s not safe.”
	“My father has provided SHIELD with specifications to construct an appropriate holding cell,” Thor said. “He will not be able to use his magic.”
	“Still,” said Erik, a haunted look in his eyes. He returned to writing on his sheet of paper, aiming his spoon at his mouth with his other hand, and then missing and dumping cornflakes and milk on the table. He didn’t seem to notice.
	There was a clatter from the other room and everyone turned to look. Jane emerged from the doorway, breathing hard and brushing hair out of her face.
	“Maybe take a break from packing, Jane,” said Darcy.
	“I’m almost done, though. And we’re leaving this afternoon.”
	Thor was smiling at her, amused and affectionate. “Come and sit down. I will help you after breakfast.”
	Jane hesitated for a moment, then huffed a sigh and collapsed into the only vacant chair.
	“I think it’s a good move on SHIELD’s part,” said Darcy, resuming the conversation. “Lets people know that the situation’s in our hands, you know?”
	“What are we talking about?” said Jane.
	“Our overlord coming back to Earth,” Erik said darkly. He swabbed at the table with a napkin, having finally noticed the mess he’d made.
	“Loki?” said Jane, reaching for the box of cereal. “Didn’t he kind of—help us? During this whole—” she waved the cereal box around, “—convergence business?”
	“He totes fought Elf-Guy, I saw him,” put in Darcy.
	“Maybe he just wanted to save Earth for himself,” said Erik.
	“Loki is still dangerous, however much he has helped us,” Thor said, his eyes downcast. “I fear my brother is lost to us forever.”
	“He did just help save the universe,” said Jane.
	“He killed hundreds of people!” said Erik.
	“Closer to a hundred,” muttered Darcy into her cereal.
	“He killed people!” Erik slammed his hand on the table, making Darcy and Jane jump. “It doesn’t matter how many!”
	There was a tense silence for a moment, then Jane cleared her throat and said, “Darcy, why are you here and not at your apartment? Don’t you have to pack?”
	“Please,” said Darcy. “All I own is books and clothes. It all fits into three boxes and a trash bag. Also, there’s breakfast here.”
	An awkward silence as everyone returned to their food, Jane pulling cereal out of the box and munching on it dry.
	“You know, Erik,” remarked Darcy, “you’re going to have to put on pants before we leave for the airport.”
	“You’re not wearing pants,” Erik pointed out.
	“She’s wearing a skirt,” said Jane.
	“Hey, maybe you should look into those, Erik,” Darcy said, poking the cereal in her bowl with her spoon. “Then you can think and not get arrested for indecent exposure at the same time.”
***
	Before they headed to Heathrow, Ian stopped by the rapidly-emptying flat (that Thor—very helpful when it came to lifting heavy boxes) to say goodbye and to thank Jane for letting him work with her, even if it was for such a short time. “It’s an experience I’ll never forget,” he said earnestly.
	“That’s for damned sure,” said Jane, shaking his hand absentmindedly before going off to supervise the loading of delicate science equipment into the van.
	Darcy appeared in front of Ian, suddenly, as she was wont to do. “Yeah, so, uh,” she began.
	“It’s okay,” Ian said, with a wistful look. “Good luck in New York.”
	“Thanks again for saving my life and stuff,” said Darcy, smiling. Then she grabbed him by the front of his shirt and French kissed him within an inch of his life, for old times’ sake.
 
	Thor thought the airport was quaint and hilarious, which led Darcy to wonder how people got around on Asgard. Maybe teleportation? How cool would that be? The biggest problem they had, of course, was how to get Myeuh-Myeuh to America. When Darcy asked, Thor explained that, while flying with Myeuh-Myeuh would have been faster, using it to travel long distances was ‘tiresome.’ How it could have been more tiresome than seven hours in coach class, Darcy didn’t know. 
	The trouble was that airport security wouldn’t let Thor bring a weapon onto the plane, and, of course, since no one else could lift the damned hammer, they weren’t able to check it. After about fifteen minutes of negotiation, with everyone getting
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
mental illness is a real thing
pie is also a real thing
sometimes pie can help with mental illness
but only in very specific cases
Thor 2 Spoilers

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

