Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Big man in a suit of armor take that off what are you?” Steve asks, self-righteous as if he were god himself.“Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist.” Tony retorts, his inbuilt defense mechanism in the face of disapproval has always been smart assery.“I know guys with none of that worth ten of you. I’ve seen the footage, the only thing you ever fight for is yourself.” Steve states, crossing his arms over his chest, mouth opening to continue. A smart-ass retort is already forming on Tony’s tongue. “You’re not the gu-““What footage?” He interrupts, stopping Steve in his tracks. There’s a moment of silence. “Well? I’m waiting Rogers, what footage did you see? What gives you a man who was frozen for seventy years any authority to tell me what kind of person I am? To tell me what I’m worth?” Tony asks, tapping his foot impatiently.“Stark.” Fury says, both a command and a platitude. Trying to defuse the situation, but Tony has had enough. He competed with Rogers memory his whole life, he’s not going to sit here and let the man treat him like garbage.“Steve Rogers, a man willing to endanger a combat unit by joining the army despite obvious health conditions. That man is trying to tell me that I’m only worth a tenth of what some men are worth? A man who has never met me before now? I’m sorry, you’ve been awake for how long?”“A month.” Steve informs him, Tony laughs.“You’ve been awake for a month, catching up on seventy years’ worth of history, and you think you’re on expert on who I am?” Tony scoffs, grabbing his suitcase armor and turning to the door.“I’ve seen the footage, you aren’t the guy to make the sacrifice play.” Rogers states, strong in his convictions. Fury groans. “You’re not a hero Stark stop pretending.”“I don’t know what footage they deemed important enough to show you Rogers, I really don’t, but I am not going to stand around and listen to a ninety-year-old virgin tell me I’m worthless. Why don’t you shove that self-righteous attitude where the sun don’t shine.” He walks toward the exit.“Stark, we need you in this fight.” Fury calls after him, and there’s a hint of desperation in his tone. Tony shakes his head.“If this is your team Marcus, you don’t need me, you need a miracle.” Tony replies, Rogers snorts at that, as if it proves his point. “Don’t worry though,” Tony taps the arc reactor pensively. “Miracles are what I’m known for.” Fury level’s one unimpressed eye at Steve as Tony flies off the Helicarrier.“You better hope he pulls something out of his ass.” Fury informs Steve, coat swishing behind him as he exits the room.…Tony’s anger is gone by the time he gets back to the tower, and he’s panicking. Yeah the good captain was apparently an asshole, but he was also someone between the crazy alien attempting to take over the world, and the world. He rushes to his lab the moment his car is parked. “JARVIS call Rhodey, and boot up…everything.” Tony says, stride as long as it can be. “We need to stop an Alien god from releasing an army on the planet. Shit’s about to get real.”“Of course, Sir Dialing.” JARVIS replies. The sound of a phone ringing comes over the speakers as he enters the lab.“Colonel Rhodes speaking.” Rhodey says, Tony rolls his eyes, and starts pulling up all his defensive weapons on the holo-monitors.“I know you have caller ID Honeybear.” Tony teases.…Bruce wakes up in a pile of rubble, a large chunk of concrete pushing against his back uncomfortably.“You okay guy?” A woman asks, face appearing over him. Bruce blinks the blurriness out of his eyes.“Always.” He replies, with a shy smile. The stranger looks unconvinced, and Bruce notes that she’s wearing a security guard uniform.“You were a giant green guy, and you fell out of the sky. Now you aren’t giant or green.” The woman informs him, raising an eyebrow in expectation. Bruce doesn’t really have an explanation to give her.“Yeah, it happens.” He shrugs, and the stranger just kind of nods at him.“Worlds been getting crazier. Big Green guys fighting big Red Guys, That Spider kid in New York. I think there’s probably aliens involved.” The woman shrugs at that, holstering her Taser. Bruce blinks at it, shocked he didn’t notice it previously. That lack of awareness could get someone killed.“Yeah.” Bruce winces at the mention of Harlem. “It’s been real crazy.” A couple years ago, blaming aliens would have been insane, but Bruce met Thor, he saw Loki. Reality was insane. He broke the laws of physics when he was angry, he was in no place to judge someone else’s psyche.“Do you need a ride anywhere?” The stranger asks. Bruce looks around, and he thinks of Loki. Thinks of the planned attack.“How far is it to New York city, I need to get to Stark Tower.” He says. The security guard shrugged.“Probably like two, maybe three hours. I can’t take you, but I have an old motorcycle here.” She offers, pointing towards a piece of junk in the corner Bruce hadn’t previously noticed. “You can borrow it if you want. I don’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Bruce Banner/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Steve Friendly
Team Iron Man
Science Boyfriends cubed
Fluff
Flirting
The Avengers (2012) - Freeform
thanos - Freeform
the Mad Titan - Freeform
Science Bros
Mild Angst
OT3
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Temporary Character Death
Angst
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Suicide Attempt

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Bruce Banner/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

