Work Text:
When Bucky’s been throwing up every morning for four days, he grudgingly lets Steve drag him to the Tower to get checked.It comes, so to say, as a surprise when the doctor goes very quiet for a very long time, and then says, “You’re pregnant, Mr Barnes.”“I’m fucking what?” Bucky asks, while Steve stands next to him, dumbfounded.The doctor eyeballs him a little, and Bucky can already see her plotting a lecture about cursing around a baby. Which. What the  fuck.“Do you use birth control?” The doctor asks.Bucky gives her a long, slow look. “No,” he says, articulating very carefully. “I wasn’t aware that I needed birth control  for anal sex.”She ignores him. “Well, at the most fertile phase of your cycle the birth control sometimes fails.”Bucky blinks. Since when did he drop into an a/b/o fanfic? He’s been browsing Ao3 a lot in the past week while Steve’s been on a mission, so maybe this is life’s revenge for all the lost time he could’ve spent on housekeeping.He glances at Steve, who’s looking a little misty-eyed and like he’s already painting the nursery in his mind with fat, happy bumblefuckers and singing flowers or some shit like that. Bucky’s seriously not good with kids.It looks like he’d better learn, though, because if this isn’t an elaborate joke by his own body, Steve, and the doctor, Bucky’s gonna be a fucking dad. There’s not an option of terminating the baby, when Steve’s already mentally ordered a crib and glow-in-the-dark paint from Amazon.Bucky can already see his mother’s expression when Bucky tells her that he’s expecting - before he’s even gotten married, no less. His mom has respectfully not intervened in his life for the past fifteen years, but babies are her ultimate weakness, and she’s probably gonna fret over Bucky not fitting into his tux by the wedding date. Bucky definitely doesn’t want to look like he ate a balloon in the wedding photos. Maybe Steve and he should just elope.Jesus fucking Christ.**After Bucky gets over the initial bafflement and panic, it’s actually kinda exciting. He’s mildly fascinated, a little grossed out, and pretty astonished by the fact that he’s growing another human being inside him, and can justify eating a lot more once the baby is actually more than a blip of tissue inside him. He’s maybe a little alarmingly zen about the turn of the events, but then again—his whole relationship with Steve has been one weird-ass event after another, so what is a little unplanned male pregnancy on top of it.Steve jumps aboard an annoying rollercoaster of emotions, switching from Full Future Dad Mode into a terrified kid who’s never had his dick in another person’s ass before in 0.3 seconds flat, getting on Bucky’s nerves. He spends a lot of time outside running in the first week. He likely has a lot of issues he needs to work through, so Bucky tries to be patient, no matter how fucking annoying it is to have Steve bolt outside for a run in the middle of Game of Thrones when they’ve just ordered a pizza, just because Bucky made a joke about there being three of them having dinner now.Steve calms down a little around the end of the week, mostly because Bucky slams his fist down on the kitchen counter when Steve’s about to leave for a run in the middle of breakfast, and says, “What the  fuck  is your problem, Rogers? Do you want this damn kid or not?”Steve stops in his tracks, his eyes the size of dinner plates. “Of course I do!” he blurts.“Then how about you stop avoiding me and everything related to this lump I’m growing?” Bucky points at his flat stomach with both hands, then gestures towards the half-finished oatmeal he’d managed to down despite his nausea. “It’s not very encouraging that you sprint out to run a fucking marathon whenever the pregnancy comes up. This is gonna go on for the next nine months, and if you don’t get a grip  right the fuck now, I’m going directly to the Tower and getting an abortion.”Steve looks stunned, like he’d never stopped to think about how his behavior might have looked to Bucky. Then he draws a shaky breath, drops the sneakers he’s holding and strides across the kitchen to pull Bucky into a crushing hug.“I’m sorry,” he says, muffled by Bucky’s bedhead. “Jesus, Buck, I’m so sorry-- of course I want this. I’ve just got issues.”“No fucking shit,” Bucky says, sniffling a little. If the pregnancy hormones are already revving their engines, he’s gonna kill somebody. “But I’m carrying a scientifically impossible baby and I need you to cool it.”“Yeah,” Steve says and rubs Bucky’s back with his big, warm hand. “I will. Who else is gonna yell at people on the subway for not giving up their seats when you get big, huh.”“I’m gonna do the yelling,” Bucky protests and clings onto him a little tighter. “You can pick them up and throw them to the next carriage.”“We’re gonna be horrible parents,” Steve says, laughing a little.“I know,” Bucky replies and gives him a kiss.**Telling their friends goes a lot smoother than Bucky would’ve expected, i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Crack
Fluff and Humor
Mpreg
That is a tag I thought I'd never find myself using
Plot Twists
Inappropriate language for future parents
Sass
Nurse Bucky Barnes
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

