Work Text:
He was engrossed in the third part of a Midgardian saga – though it was not, curiously enough, set on Midgard or any recognizable realm – when there was a knock on the door. Expecting Steve, Loki walked over without truly removing his attention from Samwise Gamgee’s exploits, and opened the door before he looked up from the page.
It wasn’t Steve standing on the threshold. It was Thor.
Thor, who besides a few tentative overtures in the very early days that Loki had studiously ignored, had left him alone. Who had, for once, taken Loki’s lack of interest in communication and respected it, rather than ignoring it. And now he was here. Loki’s first reaction was to bare his teeth and slam the door, but the look on Thor’s face brought him up short. He looked tense. Worried.
He knew before he asked, but he asked anyway, because he wanted to be wrong. “What is it,” he snapped.
“Steve has been captured,” Thor said, after a moment’s pause, “and we…we require your help.”
Loki felt his heart stutter to a halt. He froze, for a moment, feeling himself unable to move. He could be dead already, a voice whispered across the back of his thoughts. His body lying cooling, bent and broken somewhere while you did nothing. He forced the well of metallic tasting panic down and focused on the cold, sharp, clear feeling of anger instead.
He is mine. The thought was possessive and sharp and not altogether accurate, but he wrapped himself in it because it was better than fear. I will rip the hearts out of every one of them who thought they could touch him.
He summoned his leathers in one smooth gesture, casual garb melting away, and stepped forward. “Well then,” he said, keeping his tone short and clipped. He would not let Thor see in this any acceptance of him. “I will require that you tell me everything.”
Thor’s shoulders slumped in obvious relief. He held the door open. “Of course,” he said, his expression nakedly grateful. Had he expected him to refuse? “I only know…SHIELD has told us little, and we…my friends…suspect they have more information than they have given.”
“That’s a surprise,” Loki drawled. “What do you know, then?” His skin was prickling with urgency he was struggling not to show. Every bone in his body yearned to simply go his own way, but he didn’t know enough, and even if it took time – precious time – information could only help.
He would do this right.
“It is – some old enemy of his.” Thor kept sneaking sideways glances at Loki. Perhaps he thought he was being subtle. “They call themselves HYDRA.” Loki felt his mouth twist, and Thor straightened. “You know the name?”
“I…borrowed…from their ranks during my attack.” He felt, for a moment, inexplicably angry with himself for doing so, as though he might have known. Or as though he would have cared. “It matters not. Go on.”
“SHIELD does not wish us to strike.” Thor hesitated, and then added, with a touch of anger, “they have suggested that if we do not obey that action will be taken against us. Of course, I doubt that they could harm me much, but the others…”
Loki’s stomach churned and he just managed not to snarl. His magic welled up, seething just under his skin in response to his emotion, and Loki didn’t bother to try to calm himself, this time. “Why would they hold you back?”
“The lady Romanoff- the Black Widow,” Thor corrected himself, and Loki wondered absently how many times the spider had had to correct him. “She found that there is…an object. A weapon, that SHIELD desires.”
Loki nodded, shortly. “So they are playing for time while they try to puzzle out a way to get both. I see.” And playing with Steve’s well-being, and potentially his life. Loki’s hands curled into fists. “I’m certain I could persuade them to see reason.” He heard his voice vibrate, just slightly, and Thor’s hand was suddenly heavy on his shoulder.
“No,” he said, at once, voice harsh. “Loki, that is not-”
“Get your hand off me.” Thor jerked his hand away, and Loki didn’t so much as glance at him. “Let me make this perfectly clear. Nothing has changed between us. I am not here for you.”
He caught a spasm of Thor’s face out of the corner of his eye. “I know that.”
“Then pray remember it.” Loki half turned, eyebrows raised. “Are you leading me someplace in particular to discuss what it is you do intend, or…?”
“This way,” Thor said, after a moment. His voice was heavy and unhappy, but Loki kept his expression neutral. Anger seethed under his skin, and Loki let it. One way or another, it would find a target.
They turned down another hallway and toward a closed door through which Loki could hear raised voices. Familiar enough, though the contact he’d had with the lot of them had been…minimal. To his relief. Thor opened the door without pause, though, clearing his throat, and past his bulky frame Loki could just see the rest of them clumped around a table.
“Thor! Good, was wondering where you went. We need to talk strategy, because no way are we staying here while HYDRA does something undo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Loki/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rescue
Hurt/Comfort
Canon-Typical Violence
a lot of dead mooks
borrowing comics villains shamelessly
Protectiveness
Bonding Under Duress (Sort Of)
Thor and Loki talk for the first time in like 75K
Implied/Referenced Torture
no sex alas
now you made Loki mad
Established Relationship
Loki takes care of his own
Steve Rogers: Damsel In Distress

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Loki/Steve Rogers

