Work Text:

And this winter it came to pass  So much slower than the last And now there's nothing left to grasp In our hands and nothing left to catch So let's speak of the past  In the future perfect tense Of places we will go Before we grow old
-- "Buenos Aires Beach," The War on Drugs This is the first thing you can remember thinking about him: that you were curious to know why he was standing behind his mother, his scrawny little body tucked away in the long folds of her skirts, instead of out beside his father like his brother. This is the first thing. His bloodless skin and the black thatch of hair curled around it and his blue eyes, just a glint, a glimmer, barely there. His hand curling in his mother’s skirt. He was too old for that. You knew that already. His brother was standing next to his father like the golden god he was and you remember him, too, staring at you unabashedly, but that is all: you remember nothing in particular of your first sight of Thor except him staring, the presence of him there, next to his father, and that it was simple. You were not curious about Thor then. That came later, and it was a kind of lazy curiosity, born of fondness. But you were curious about his brother, who was hiding, who was doing what your father had told you never to do: your father had dragged you away from your mother’s skirts when you were still small enough to want their comfort, had dragged you away from her forever when you were so very, very small. You were not with your father anymore.You do not remember anything that was said to you, anything except Frigga’s hand on your shoulder, which seemed huge at the time, because this is something you forget, sometimes: that you were very young, all of you, in those days. The years run through your hands like water, now, but then time was slow-moving honey, and everything is preserved in amber. You have lived so many long years but those years are the years that you remember. You remember seeing Loki when Frigga moved away from him: the pale slender slope of his limbs and the hollowed-out quality of his face, his huge eyes, the way his whole body seemed to recede into itself. And then the way he unfolded, spine furling out, and looked at you. He did not smile. He did not learn how to smirk until later: he was not yet then the god of mischief. But he had already begun to learn the art of dissimulation, of transfiguration, of disguise. That was something you never learned at all: that was beyond you.That is what you remember. You do not remember what was said. You do not remember Thor. You remember Frigga’s hand, and you remember Loki. You remember the look in his eyes, which was fear, and then something harder: something like pride. 

*
 
Your father has been dead a long time – before his time, as they say, dead in battle, long before you became the warrior you are now, though not before he could drag you in front of his company by your scalp and say, this is my daughter, look at what I have made of her, look at what I have done with the thing that was supposed to be a son – but before he died, he came to see you, sometimes, at the court, showed up without warning, watched you practice fighting with the boys, smiled when you bested them, knelt over them, panting, your slender preadolescent legs taut with muscle.“Do you hate him?” Loki asked you once, idly, after your father had stood above you, grabbed you by the back of the neck with his big callused hand, shook you a little, laughing about his strong fierce daughter, the warrior he would make out of you, how he’d been teaching you to fight ever since you were barely out of your mother’s womb. No soft girl, he said. No soft girl in his house. Odin smiled, benign. Odin did not care about your father. Thor was busy thrashing someone in the practice yard, and Loki was lurking in the shadows, as Loki was wont to do, listening.“Do you hate him?” he asked later.“Who?” you replied, deliberately obtuse.“Your father,” he said, watching you with those sharp blue eyes.“Of course I don’t,” you told him. “I love him. He’s my father.”“Of course,” he said a long moment later. He was still a boy then, you know now. His voice had barely even broken.(“Do you hate him?” you’ll ask him, a long time later, so many years later, when he is locked up in a box in a basement, full-grown and glamored and bleeding madness.“Who?” he’ll ask, mouth curling, perverse.“Your father,” you’ll ask, and he’ll laugh.“Yes,” he’ll tell you, pressing his palms hard against the barrier keeping him in, and you out. His fingers will be splayed wide. For all you know he’ll be sitting on the opposite side of the cell. “Yes,” he’ll tell you. “I hate him. Do you hate yours?”“My father is dead,” you’ll say. “It doesn’t matter anymore.”His face will change a little, shift, maybe, twitch into something vaguely resembling humanity. His fingers will twitch against the barrier, fingertips curling. “I always knew you hated him,” he’ll say. “I always knew it.”“Yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sif

freeform: 
attack of the second person
Asgard
Growing Up Together
i am irrationally irritated the tag is not sif/loki but what can you do

fandom: 
Loki/Sif

