Work Text:

One.

"Iron Man, has to be Iron Man, Tony'd be devastated if I said anyone else."
*Life in Wakanda was quieter and calmer with three of the former Avengers extradited, one deceased, and the remaining two contained. T'Challa noted the decreased levels of stress among his staff and subjects. While vigilance was a constant in their lives, it simmered at a lower intensity without an immediate threat in close proximity. The Accords still required adjustment, as new allies and enemies and situations cropped up, but the New Avengers worked well together as a team and with the governments of the world. Voices were heard, concerns were addressed, and compromises were reached. The give and take between the superheroes and the people they sought to save, the power to protect and the choice to say no. The push and pull among the world's governments, the conflicting agendas vying for advantage and against exploitation. The up and down of public opinion, ranging from appreciation to apprehension. Tony navigated it all with startling ease. Shuri expressed her incredulity at Tony's expertise, remarking in wonder at his lack of tutors and advisers. "Well, it's sink or swim. And I'm not a big fan of drowning." Tony's eyes glowed with a myriad of emotions, too many to identify but none pleasant. "You are a very talented swimmer." Shuri said, cautious and concerned.  He smiled, wide and dazzling and fake. "I do a mean doggy paddle." "Doggy paddle?" T'Challa asked, sensing and accepting the deflection. With Tony, it was wise to be selective of which emotional wounds to treat and which to leave alone. This was a case for the latter, so he would respect the other man's desire to gloss over his seemingly unpleasant upbringing and his undoubtedly unpleasant experience with water. Tony made a trotting motion with his hands, the false grin fixed on his face. "Hm. What a strange yet descriptive name." T'Challa mused, before moving on to stories of his own swim lessons. Redirection and repression seemed to be how Tony dealt with past hurts, enabling him to hurl himself into new pains without consideration. T'Challa and Shuri were unable to change the past but they would do their best to prevent any more injuries to this man, who they considered a friend, an ally, and one of their own.*"I don't like him but I can help him. I know I can." Tony swore, eyes fever-bright against the dark shadows underneath them. Tony, Hope, Bruce, and Stephen had stepped through the sorcerer's portal less than an hour ago, having left New York moments after hearing the news of Maximoff's implosion. Stephen and Bruce set off discussing the upcoming hearings with the United Nations panel while Hope went to examine the broken Ant Man suit.  T'Challa was stunned wordless, caught off-guard by the absurdity proposed. When he had thought Barnes murdered his father, T'Challa had hunted the super soldier without consideration for extenuating circumstances such as mind control. It hadn't mattered. Not when the wound from his father's death had been gaping and fresh, impossible to be soothed by technicalities. Tony's wound had plagued him for most of his life, was still festering with regret and bleeding anew from the revelation that his parents' accident hadn't been so accidental after all. Yet here he was, offering to work with his parents' killer to rehabilitate Barnes' ravaged mind, uncaring of the damages he would invite to his own. His capacity for kindness was staggering, as shown by his willingness to forgive his former teammates and his determination to dissuade the countries that had called for their heads. "No." Shuri said quickly and definitively. "I don't like it." "Neither do I." T'Challa coughed, his voice returning to him at last. "We have no way of predicting the time or effort required for such an endeavor." A practical dissuasion. "There is also no indication that Mr. Barnes would work with you." Shuri reasoned. "His loss, obviously." She clarified when she saw the hint of rejection cloud over Tony's features; despite his best efforts, bouts of insecurity still haunted him. "But–" Tony protested weakly. "Boss, I will have an instructional manual prepared within the hour." FRIDAY announced. "It will guide Dr. Wu through the initial B.A.R.F. mapping process, which will take several months." "Plenty of time to determine a more suitable course of action without delaying Mr. Barnes' recovery and our work." T'Challa continued seamlessly. "Mr. Barnes can make do with one of Wakanda's finest. The world, however, needs Tony Stark." "Well, when you put it like that…" Tony shrugged, the tension in his shoulders fading with relief. "Fine, we'll do it your way but I still want to talk to Barnes." "Understandable." T'Challa nodded. "I'll let Bruce know, I'm sure he'd like to speak with Mr. Barnes for reasons of his own. Wouldn't you agree?" Tony groused at needing a babysitter, but there was a grateful glint in his eyes as he accepted. It was another p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Pro-Accords
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Wakanda
Consequences
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Lessons learned
Friendship
Tony Stark-centric
Happy!Tony
5+1

fandom: 
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

