Work Text:
The first time that it happens, Tony swears that he would’ve done it with anyone. Bruce, Natasha, Thor, Clint – okay, maybe not Clint, what with the whole two-kids-and-literal-picket-fence thing, but definitely everyone else. Basically, if it had been any of them standing next to Tony when the chunk of Sokovia started making like a soufflé and rising, he’d have gone for it the exact same way.Of course, it just so happens that it’s Steve who’s standing next to Tony at this point. Cap’s talking calmly into his comm, asking for updates as he watches the remaining civilians move onto the helicarrier.Tony flips his faceplate up, mostly to get a couple of lungfuls of fresh air while he still can. He half-listens to Steve in between FRIDAY’s rattling off updated stats in his ear – rate of acceleration, projected impact, all those fun things. Doesn’t really matter though; Tony knows what he has to do.It’s another wire play. He can almost hear Pepper’s voice in his head (“Oh, Tony”) and he almost protests out loud: it’s not like he’s gunning for these kinds of situations. It just so happens that this is yet another task that’s up to the flight squad of the Avengers, and he happens to be half of said squad. (The Pepper voice adds: “But the other half’s a god, Tony.”)Mostly, Tony finds it hilarious because unlike him, the good Captain is all about throwing himself on the wire, so it’s too bad that his wings are only for show. Tony knows what he has to do, and he’ll do it, but he’s entitled to a moment to reflect on how damned grateful he is that he’s not used to this kind of bullshit.It’s only a second or two for Tony to cycle through all of these thoughts and then some, and then he says, “It’ll work.”“Wait until we give the all clear,” Steve says. “I mean it.”“Yeah.” Tony glances over, and for a second Steve looks tired – worn down, in ways the serum should not allow him to – before it’s gone and the grim jaw-clench is back. Steve looks at him, eyes like steel, and Tony finds himself thinking that if he dies doing this then at least he’ll have spared himself Steve’s reaming him out about Ultron and Vision.Even as Tony thinks that, he’s aware it’s a dumb thought. Any and all of them could die up here, which is a risk that they all accept. Tony knows this, just as he knows that he always gets a little stupid in moments like these. He figures that he’s allowed, what with his not being a soldier, spy, god, or rage monster.Basically, whenever he’s about to do something stupid in the near future like blow up the vibranium core of a literal flying city and try to survive the explosion, it somehow makes sense to do something stupid in the immediate future, as a warm-up.Tony puts a hand on Steve’s shoulder. His brain screams at him – yep, here we go, dumb moment – as he leans in and kisses Steve.It’s pretty boring. Just a quick, dry press of lips, and as matter-of-fact easy like the way Tony sometimes taps Steve’s shoulder with the back of his hand to annoy him.Then Tony’s leaning back and saying, “For luck,” at Steve’s bewildered expression, before flipping faceplate on and soaring up into the sky.+It works out, in the end.It’s a big ‘ol mess that needs a hell of a lot of clean-up, but still far better than Tony feared it would be. The tower is a mess, too, though it’s usable for the thinner team – Clint’s gone home, Bruce is AWOL and Thor doing some cosmic investigating, which means that it’s only him, Steve, Natasha, Maria and Vision. Temporarily, of course. Tony could get the place back to its original state, but what’s the point in rebuilding anything exactly the same?He brings it up to Steve late one morning, after there’s enough of a breather from the Sokovia mission.“My dad has a warehouse upstate,” Tony tells Steve. The kitchen is one of the few common areas in the Avengers portion of tower that’s still fully intact, which makes it as good as any place to have a meeting. “Had. Anyway, I was thinking we could convert it, give the team and whatever’s left of SHIELD a fresh start.”“Moving on already?” Steve rests his hip against the table, and watches as Tony pulls up a schematic projection from his phone. “Might be less of a target than this place, as great as it’s been.”“I could stick the sign on top, if you’re that attached to it.”Steve gives a him look, but reaches into the projection, flipping through the rooms. “How long have you been working on this?”“Yesterday,” Tony says. “Day before yesterday. When did Clint go off with the Maximoff kid? That day.”“What’ll you do with the rest of the tower?”Tony waves it off. “Pepper’ll find some use, don’t worry about that. What’d you think? You interested in signing the lease?”“I think I’d better see the place first.” Steve tilts his head, intrigued by the layout of a training room – Tony’s quite proud of that one. “You open to ideas for this new place?”“Of course, yeah.”“Had to ask, what with your penchant for doing things your way and not telling the rest of us.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Kiss
First Time
Humor
Banter
Light-Hearted
Wish Fulfillment
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Tony POV

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

