Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text

CHAPTER 1
 

“I know exactly who you could be. Just hold on, we’re going home. It’s hard to do these things alone.” - Hold On We’re Going Home (ASTR / Drake)

It wasn’t that she couldn’t sleep. Well, maybe that was it.She actually had no problem falling asleep. Most nights that happened within a minute of her head hitting the plush pillow. The pillow that, along with the luxurious bed sheets, was probably carefully selected by the impossibly perfect Pepper Potts. The problem seemed to lie in the nightmares, Darcy supposed. Some of them she could remember—running, being chased, getting caught up in a battle she was ill-equipped for, aliens, black holes, whatever. Mostly she just woke up in a cold sweat with her heart racing and that feeling of unease and creeping terror clouding her mind.Lying in bed just made her more anxious, so she’d started cracking the window in her living room and sitting by to pull in the fresh air. She’d never in her wildest dreams think that accepting the job as Jane’s intern would lead to an all-expenses-paid apartment in Stark Tower. Life was surreal, what with all the superheroes and free living quarters.When the weather started to turn colder and the leaves shifted from green to yellow, orange, and red, she began pacing the hallways. At first she walked the halls on just her floor and then moved on to the three floors above. During this time of night everyone seemed to be asleep and she rarely encountered another resident. She didn’t branch out beyond her pacing of the halls until after she’d started working directly for Tony just before Thanksgiving.Tony was a smug dick with an ego the size of his building and little regard for other people’s feelings. On the surface. As much as he flapped his lips and cracked his jokes, he had a heart of gold underneath all that bullshit he spewed. Darcy saw right through him because she saw herself in him. All that bravado and devil-may-care when really he just wanted everyone to be okay. She respected that, and he seemed to appreciate that she let all his tantrums just slide right off her back. It wasn’t like she didn’t know how to work with self-absorbed workaholics. Hello, Jane.Assisting Tony—being his Girl Friday, if you will—came with perks; an obscene salary, a shitload of freedom, a swag pad in Stark Tower even after Jane gallivanted off to Asgard for “research”, and unrestricted access to the private floors that housed the ridiculously attractive and disgustingly heroic superheroes. At least they did when those superheroes weren’t on missions out of the country, saving lives and all that jazz. She’d met all of them, mostly coming or going from Tony’s office. She had her own little office adjacent to his and the only time she’d embarrassed herself was when she spilled a coffee on Bruce Banner in the hallway.Because she had the run of the place, she’d found a common room on the seventy-first floor. One wall was composed completely of windows with a killer view of the city. A kitchenette was tucked away in the far corner, but most of the massive room was filled with oversized sofas and chairs. A row of bookshelves lined part of the wall next to the gas fireplace. No one was ever there, especially in the early hours of the morning. So she often found herself her pacing the floor in front of the windows or curled into a chair with a cup of coffee in her hand, watching the sky shift from black to a bruised blue to a softer cornflower blue that eventually was broken up with orange when the sun started rising. The sun was her cue to return to her apartment before she ran the risk of running into someone.Tonight’s nightmare was elusive. Darcy couldn’t remember anything beyond fear and the sensation of being out of control. Her feet took her through the halls of the sixty-fourth floor and into the elevator. A few seconds later she was in the comforting familiarity of what she’d begun to consider her room. She sat on the kitchen counter, her feet dangling off the floor, while she waited for the pot of coffee to brew. It was just past three in the morning and the city outside the windows was lit with cold white lights or glaring red ones. Darcy felt alone.The footsteps outside the wooden door made her heart jump into her throat. She watched with shock as the knob turned and the door opened tentatively. A man in a pair of grey sweatpants and a white long-sleeved shirt entered, his eyes shifting over the seating area next to the windows. It wasn’t until he’d closed the door softly behind himself that she realized he hadn’t seen her. The kitchenette was tucked away in the back corner and dark. The only lights were the recessed spotlights over the seating area and they were dimmed to almost nothing because she preferred it that way.Darcy couldn’t make out his face, but he seemed ill at ease, uncomfortable and wary. He walked over to the windows and stood with his back to her. She didn’t want to startle him, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Romance
Slow Burn
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

