Work Text:
All he knows is that it’s not the same as before.  It’s the last coherent thought he has. The cryogenic liquid warms too fast and there is a faint shuddering, from distant engines. He spills out of the chamber and into waiting arms. It’s not the same as before.
“Bucky?” asks a voice. “Bucky!”
He has no idea who Bucky is. He’s shivering and he’s burning up.
“I thought you were dead,” says the voice. Broad hands rub his upper arms even though there is no sensation in the left. “I thought you were dead. I saw you fall.”
He frowns and it feels as though his face is melting-contorting-aching because the voice and the hands just caught him; he didn’t fall.
“Bucky,” says the voice. It’s an insistent voice. He cannot see. “It’s me. It’s Steve.”
“Steve,” he tries to say but the word is formless liquid in his mouth. 
“We gotta get you some clothes.” 
He’s helped along and there are other voices, outrage and fear, and there are shapes, now, or shadows. A door opens and shuts and snicks and clicks with a lock. He is helped into clothes.
“It’s a bit big, Buck,” says the voice, which is attached to a large man, whose face swims into focus while those big hands zip closed the combat suit. The room shudders. They must be on a ship. He’s hauled to his feet and the man, who’s bigger than him, who has blonde hair, rests a large gun on his shoulder and tugs him along. He goes willingly. He likes how his hand feels, fingers laced with the fingers of another person, this other person, who’s bigger than him, who has blonde hair, who has a gun and a puzzled expression.
“Steve,” he manages. 
“Yeah, Bucky, that’s right.”
They walk into a room and there are people shouting. Steve sets down his gun and then there is silence.
“And then there’s this asshole,” says a man. “You making robots now, Nick? Gotta say, I feel insulted that Stark Industries never got to apply for that tender.”
“That,” says another man, with an eyepatch and a lot of rage. “That is the Winter Soldier. Cap, what have you done?”
“What have I done, Fury?” asks Steve and, oh, his anger is glorious. “I’m not the one keeping Bucky Barnes in a goddamned box. Why didn’t you tell me?”
Bucky - why not? Steve seems so certain and he prefers it to the Winter Soldier - Bucky moves closer to him.
“Because we didn’t know-” says a woman, whose voice is like caramel and warmth. 
“Bullshit,” says Steve. 
“You need to put him back,” says Fury. 
“They’re always worth more in the original packaging.”
“Shut up, Stark,” says Fury. “You need to put him back.”
“Why?” asks Steve. “Why?”
“Because,” says yet another man and this room is too crowded, with too many exits. “The Helicarrier isn’t designed to accommodate Loki, the Other Guy and the Winter Soldier, I’m guessing. Unless you want a cage match, Fury?”
Voices are raised and Bucky feels anxious and he picks up the gun. He doesn’t know what else to do. There’s ringing in his ears and an unnatural tension in the room.
“Put down the gun, Soldier,” says Fury. 
“He feels threatened,” says Stark. “I feel threatened. We’ve got Captain America, a big ole threat, and his lapdog and I feel threatened-”
“Can it, Stark,” says Steve. “Bucky’s worth ten of you.” 
“I’ve got a Forbes list that says different.”
“The Winter Soldier is a highly weaponised-” says the woman (Natasha, Agent Romanov) as if by rote. 
“He’s a man,” says Steve. He’s practically shouting now and Bucky puts his hand on Steve’s shoulder. It seems the place to put it and he can feel Steve relax slightly, even when it all goes to shit in fire and noise. 
Fury tries to tell him to stay put but there’s not a snowflake’s chance in hell that Bucky (that the Winter Soldier, that whoever he is) is going to leave Steve on his own. The Helicarrier spits out gods and monsters and Bucky shoots a guy who was going to shoot Steve and someone else is dead. 
It doesn’t matter. Bucky doesn’t know who he was and there is thrumming in his head. He doesn’t know who he is but when Steve tells Natasha to suit up, and Clint, too, there’s nowhere else Bucky’s going to be. They’re in the back of a jet being piloted by Clint and Bucky thinks he could like him because he shakes Bucky’s hand and he is fearless and sympathetic.
“Here’s to being re-fucking-made,” Clint says and they crash-land.
Bucky’s gaze is drawn up and up to Stark Tower and there is a blue light beneath the portal and everything shifts just a bit (and there is something that is New York in the air; that musty subway smell unfurling around him and he blinks at the strange neon which features in none of his memories).
“Are you sure?” asks Steve, turning to Bucky. “Are you sure you can do this, Buck?”
Bucky’s not sure of anything but the earnest expression and the faint scent of sweat and the noise of screaming mayhem all around them, which is too startlingly familiar. He’s not sure but he nods.
“Sure, Steve. Just tell me what to do.” Words come easier now, though they’re still slurred enough for Steve to look concerned. 
“Stay with
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
AU: Canon divergence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

