Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The last train was the last hope, and it was the last place that he wanted to be.Steve Rogers hadn't been in Boston for very long, but he'd quickly learned that particular inescapable truth: the last train of the night was to be avoided.  And the last train running on the MBTA's Green Line was the one he'd do anything to avoid.  The Green Line trolleys were small and cramped, too hot in summer and too cold in the winter, every stop cracking the doors to circulate the stale air, never letting the passengers cool off or warm up, and every stop made things worse.  There were a lot of stops on the Green Line, especially on the B line, the one that ran out to Boston College.The one he took to get back to his small apartment.	Usually, the problem was that it was filled to overflowing, too many people in a too small space, boisterous college students and drunks with something to prove and exhausted workers scrambling to catch the T before the service ended and they were left with an expensive cab ride home.  Steve, who took up entirely too much space at the best of times and the last train was never the best of times, hated the last train, hated how obvious and  clumsy and out of place he felt as the trolley rattled through the city streets.  Usually on the T, he would close his eyes and pretend that he was still in New York, still in a time and place he understood; the trains were old enough that it almost seemed plausible.  But that wasn't possible on the last train.Tonight, he as he fought his way through the crowd at the front of the train, heading for the back, he was shocked to find himself mostly alone on the rear trolley car.The reason for that was obvious a minute later, when the singular drunk occupant fixed a bloodshot gaze on Steve.  He was big, and bulky, a man once made of pure muscle now running to fat, but there was strength underneath that, hard bone and enough booze to make feeling any pain an impossibility.For a moment, Steve considered getting back off, or moving back to the front of the train, but the doors slid shut  with a mechanical hiss, sealing out the cold night air, and the trolley started rolling.  He flicked a glance at the dark streets beyond the windows, dirty slush coating the pavement and the occasional flash of a car going by.  He considered jumping off at the next stop and walking the rest of the way back to Boston University, but he was tired of being cold.  He was tired of giving ground.  He was tired of not having control over his own life, even something this small.Actually, he was just tired.Steve grabbed the strap hanging from the car roof, and heaved a mental sigh.  He'd been looking forward to sitting down for the long, jerky trip back to his stop, but that wasn't going to happen.  Drunks were always fun, and if he was standing, it was much less likely someone would decide to mess with him.He risked a glance at the front of the trolley, where the driver was paying more attention to the loud group of co-eds just inside the front door than what was happening in the back of his train.  Resigned, Steve leaned against the pole and tried to ignore the way his feet hurt.The drunk was eying him with the resentment and focus of the extremely inebriated.  He swayed wildly back and forth as the train turned the corner, crashing into the edge of the seats.  Behind him, Steve spotted the car's only other occupant, a bum sprawled out on the back row of seats, across the aisle.  The man's thin form was all but buried in a couple of layers of sweatshirts and jackets, heavy, battered sneakers poking out from under the cuffs of stained jeans.  Steve shivered; the heating on the green line was inadequate at best and nonexistent at worst, and he couldn't imagine sleeping here.  It seemed like just asking to not ever wake up.Steve felt like warning him; sometimes even if you do wake up, the cold never really leaves your bones.The drunk stumbled forward, and Steve adjusted his hand on the strap, setting his feet and preparing himself for the inevitable.  Before the drunk could do more than take another shuffling step, the train stopped, sending him staggering into a row of seats.  The door between him and Steve opened, and a tired looking young woman with a scraped back ponytail and her purse clutched to her chest trudged in.  She had a thin face and dark circles beneath her pretty dark eyes, and she moved towards the nearest seat.The drunk leaned into her space, making her jerk backwards, and Steve swallowed a curse.  “Hey,” the drunk slurred at the girl, who took another step back, her back hitting the now closed doors.  She avoided his eyes, her bag hitched up tight against her breasts, her head down.  “Hey!” the drunk repeated, and it was louder now, louder and meaner and he moved forward, and the girl was looking for some way out, any way out.“Hey-” Steve said, and that was as far as he got before the hobo in the back of the trolley suddenly threw his hands in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
College AU
Alternate Timeline
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
I wrote a romance about public transportation screw it

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

