Chapter 1: the loneliness settles within me
    




Chapter Text
 Chapter One  
the loneliness settles within me
 Darcy flashed her visitor’s pass to the security guard who briefly checked her credentials before nodding her through. She nervously checked her appearance once more in a small compact before closing it with a resounding click that reverberated through her nervous and sweating body and shoved it in her small shoulder bag. What was she doing? Dear Thor, she was in Stark Tower or was that Avengers Tower now? Whatever it was called, she was in it! The elevator dinged and the crowd surged forward. There was enough room if she kept her arms to her front and back straight and rigid. Sometimes, having curves was a curse...okay, more like all the time. She smiled at the petite blond beside her; the smile turning frosty when the blonde’s eyes fell to her chest and moved away with a discrete eye roll. The caustic remarks froze on her tongue when she remembered that this was her first job interview, seriousjob interview since...hell, even before her and Jane hightailed it to London. When the elevator opened on the tenth floor, Darcy was so tempted to hit the back of the blonde’s heel with her toe and send her stumbling in those Louboutin knockoffs, and yes she knew the difference thank you very much Jane. But she just barely restrained herself because today was the first day of Darcy Lewis, adult extraordinaire. Except for her sleeping in this morning so she had to run through her morning routine, and eating two packets of her favourite pop-tarts...but aside from that, she was an adult!She glanced at the numbers lighting up as they ascended the tower and began sweating. Who knew she’d be so nervous for a petty job interview? Even if the position was.... what was it again? Oh right, Assistant to the manager in the Legal department, which was totally a real job Jane. Even if she had to get coffee for the first few weeks, she was down with that; she had done a brief interning stint at a legal office before the senior partner got a little too handsy and entitled, wanting to play ‘hide the weenie’: his words and so not hers. But that was the past, the child Darcy. She just hoped her new manager was not a creep because at this point, she needed any job she could get. New York was hell expensive and being a Political Science graduate at Culver University meant she needed to start paying back her student loans or they were going to come after her. And she wouldn’t put it past Culver not to get a little to eager like The Man or in her case, Agent iPod-thief.   The elevator dinged and she glanced up with a start realising it was her floor. She stepped out, her worn black heels biting into the dark slate carpet. The floor was busier than she thought but this was Tony Stark’s tower so at this point, should she really be surprised? Spotting the reception desk, she straightened her shoulders and confidently stalked to it, a polite smile on her cherry red lips. “Good morning.” Ann, the receptionist, if she was to believe the nameplate, smiled politely. “Hi, I have an appointment with Mr Ramirez.” She smiled, crossing her arms over her waist in habit. The receptionist’s eyes flickered to her white blouse covered chest before a brow rose and she typed a few things into the computer, “Ah, yes. The nine o’clock job interview. He’s on his way, if you’ll just have a seat there.” She motioned to a few plush black chairs against the windowed wall.   A sardonic brow rose and though she had tried to be polite, she felt her smile grow cold, “Thanks.” She bit out before leaving. She heard a huff behind her but refused to deign herself any lower and sat on the edge. Regardless of her old job corralling scientists before Thor figuratively landed in Jane’s lap and having a degree, she was still always going to be the curvy, well-endowed brunette with full lips. Always. Even if she sprouted science at people, she was simply Darcy the ditz. Even Jane called her that sometimes. It stung but she pretended Jane meant well. Feeling the familiar edge of loneliness bite into her gut, Darcy forced it away. She could wallow in self-pity in her shitty apartment after she gave a kick ass interview later but now was not the time. “Miss Lewis?” A voice asked and she turned her head seeing a middle-aged, slightly plump man walk towards her, his belly straining against his dress shirt. She stood up and shook his hand with a polite smile on her lips, “It’s very nice to meet you.” With heels, she was a few inches taller than him which gave him great vantage point, damn it. “If you please come with me, dear.” He smiled thinly, his dark eyes scrutinising her. With a silent sigh, Darcy followed behind ignoring the speculative looks that were sent their way. Oh, she knew what they were thinking but if she didn’t play horizontal poker with her old boss, she sure as hell would not with this one either. If she even got the job, that is. What followed was Darcy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
What the hell am I doing?
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
Friendship
Love
Friendship/Love
Family
Hurt/Comfort
making up my own universe
Pain
Violence
Non-Graphic Violence
Blood
Comfort
Comfort/Angst
Fluff
pure cotton candy fluff
and no apologies

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Darcy Lewis

