Chapter 1: Remember to live 'cause you're gonna be thrilled to death
    


Notes:
The chapter title come from the song Alligator Sky by Owl City

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
They should have just left him in the ice to sleep in peace. Steve thought bitterly to himself as tore through another cluster of aliens, taking one by its scaly neck and flinging it towards the group that was advancing at his right. He watched with a hint of satisfaction as the force sent most of the creatures toppling over like dominoes but he barely even had time to gather himself before another group was swarming him.Steve managed to raise his shield in time to deflect a blast from the Chitauri’s plasma guns. The impact was enough to rattle him, and he feigned to be overwhelmed just to give them a reason to draw near. As expected, the aliens took the opportunity to charge at him full force, thinking they finally had him over powered. He waited until they closed around him in a tight circle before throwing his shield. It sailed through air in a neat circular motion, taking out most of the creatures but leaving a handful of them unharmed. Steve sprinted over to the other side and caught the shield, then twisted around to swing it at the aliens that were still standing.When he looked up from the alien carnage, he found the streets still teeming with Chitauri. He scanned the area in search for a teammate but they were still scattered about the city in attempt to cover more ground. The only Avenger he could see was Stark; although he was too busy trying to draw the airborne Chitauri away from the streets. Steve was mostly on his own now, save for the few police officers who were fanned out around the area. They were firing a quick succession of bullets at another cluster of aliens, although their aims were a little off and the bullets only aggravated the Chitauri instead of killing them.The assault sent the aliens into frenzy.  They stormed towards the police officers with renewed vigor, but Steve intercepted before the creatures reached them.  He threw a punch at the closest Chitauri then swung his shield and effectively snapped their necks. The remaining Chitauri snarled and scattered away from him. He grabbed the nearest one by the arm and clocked it in the head. The creature was sent reeling and Steve charged forward to plant a solid kick to its chest. The Chitauri slammed into an incoming aircraft and sent it crashing down upon a group of aliens coalesced on the sidewalk.That didn’t stop some of them from climbing into the apartments to seek shelter however.“Get the civilians out; I’ll take care of things here,” Steve told the officers as he crouched down to pick up his shield. Thankfulky, all of them scrambled to obey.The streets were almost clear now, but Steve knew the fight was far from over. Aliens still streaked the sky in endless waves and at that moment, he thought he’s just about had enough of the 21st century. Now was not the time to be sulking but the thoughts helped him numb the ache in his bones and block out the rest of the world. He let his body to go into autopilot as he continued to pick off the Chitauri, allowing his mind to believe that he was still fighting Nazis alongside the Commandoes.Steve didn’t stop until all the creatures were dead or dying on the streets.  Once the last of them crumpled to the ground, he turned around just in time to see the police corralling a group of civilians away from an apartment block.“All clear,” Steve said as he jogged towards them, flashing a hesitant smile at the civilians who were gaping at him. “Is that everyone?”One of the police officers motioned his head towards the second floor of the apartment. “A guy’s still in there. He offered to hold off the aliens so we could get everyone out.”Steve followed the direction of the officer’s gaze and spotted at least four distinct shapes moving through the tinted windows. Most of them did not look human. “Get them to safety,” he told the officers distraughtly and broke into a run towards the apartment.The electricity around the district had been cut off, leaving the hallways pitch black. The only source of light came from the row of doors ahead. Most of them stood ajar, allowing only a patch of sunlight to show through, although they did nothing but throw even more shadows against the paneled walls. Steve could see fine in the dark but he still couldn’t help but start every time the floorboards groaned under his footsteps. He instinctively raised his shield when he began to pick up the familiar screeches of the Chitauri, but the shrill cries were reverberating too much for them to be nearby. He pressed himself against the wall and continued towards the source of the noise until it eventually led him into a dilapidated room at the end of the hall.“All civilians out!” Steve yelled as he shouldered the door open and braced himself for an attack. But then he was caught off guard w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Therapy
Established Relationship
Meet-Cute
if you count flirting while fighting aliens as meet cute
More tags to be added
Pining
Shrunkyclunks
Eventual Smut
Barebacking
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

