Work Text:


PART ONE: THREAT

 “Tony, what is this?” Steve’s armour creaked around him as he leant forwards and put his hands flat on the table.“That, is the Mandarin. Ruler of a big chunk of China, contracted by Stane to have me killed back in ‘08.” It had taken five years to work his way up the Ten Rings’ chain of command to find the connection, but once you got there it was painfully obvious:The Mandarin’s capability for weird shit came from ten literal rings. Pieces of technology so alien that Extremis couldn’t even start interfacing with it, and so miniaturized that they fitted into the ornate gold bands like gemstones. Lower down the organization, the number cropped up time and time again; ten generals each with ten subordinates that ran ten operations. Anyone who became supernumerary to requirements vanished into the Mongolian Steppe. Tony had never been able to retrieve any of them.“So he’s a mercenary.”“Oh no, Steve, he’s way worse than that, he’s a competitor. He’s been trying to get these designs--” Tony flung up images of his obsessive scribblings. Half of them were on scraps, one was grease-penciled onto an old section of chest plate, and all of them were horrors. Tentacled behemoths, scaled by tiny scribblings of the Iron Man armour in the corners. “-- into my head, to take advantage of my design skills,” he tapped his temple, “for months, but they don’t work. The legs are too fragile and he hasn’t given them a power source, but... I could make it work; thats the thing. Arc power wouldn’t be enough but... the new atomic motor tech? I could make it work and he could have made me do it.”It had been a ... unique experience. No sensation of wrongness, not so much as a flicker on his internal ‘firewalls’. The images, designs, blueprints, had just started turning up, after engineering blackouts and long weeks with too little sleep. If it had been anything less horrifying, anything more... more ‘Stark’, more familiar, he might not have noticed and the Mandarin might have gotten away with sneaking terrible things into his brain. It had him doubting every decision he’d made in the previous year, and he’d... he’d made a lot of bad decisions.“Great, mind control...” Steve muttered, scrubbing his hand over his face. “Does anyone else sense an ‘and’ coming here? Because--”“AND Zeke Stane has gone missing. Obadiah Stane’s son, grudge the size of Manhattan. Zeke Stane could power these things using a cow. Admittedly only for about fifteen minutes, but scale up the organism to a couple of tons and it’d become stable, self sustaining.”“Well that sounds horrible,” Bruce interjected, “but Stane junior’s only ever made bombs with his bioarc. You really think he can handle the change in direction?”“Considering how he’s powering his own physiology, yeah, he can do it.” Tony sank back in his chair, leaning an elbow on the arm of his chair and tapping his fingers against his forehead.“So. What’s our play?”“I think we need to talk to the Chinese government.”“Oh, Fury is going to love that...” XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX “We are go, people! Gear up!” Fury yelled, his voice uniquely capable of echoing through the hangar. Three weeks of tense negotiations with a foreign government had left everyone around the Director and his aides frightened for their lives. There were cheers at the announcement throughout the staging zones, from helo-loading all the way to the fueling pits. Pilots, soldiers, and superheroes dropped cards, abandoned poker games, and smacked each other out of naps.Down on his engineering deck, Tony’s face loosened in relief and his clothes melted into the gold life-support of the Bleeding Edge armor, creeping up his neck and cradling the back of his head. “Buckle up, Steve, lets get this done.”The Captain was already half in the uniform, missing just the shield and his body armor. Tony had to admit, the stealth armor? Fantastic piece of work; Steve shrugged into the three-kilo jacket like it was silk and Italian wool.Tony summoned the armor once he could tear his eyes off Steve and it came as easily as ever, flowing out of his hollow, bird-like bones and over the bodysuit. Once he had it fixed, solidified, he stepped into the jury-rigged stealth harness; a framework of black panels covered in radar-absorbant paint that he could shed once they hit the fight-zone. He’d jacked in hitch points at the shoulder and hip for Steve’s chute harness; with the suit’s tiny radar profile and the camo, he’d be invisible, even carrying Steve and his great big vibranium dish. They’d be behind the Mandarin’s command lines before anyone was the wiser.“Alright, kitcheck,” Steve said, tugging on the last buckle across his chest. Tony brushed his hands aside and tugged on the hitch points; Steve stumbled towards him a step, before getting the idea and setting his stance to withstand Iron Man’s strength.“Harness, check. Mask?”“Got it.” Steve said, pulling the black mask off a crate and clipping it into his helmet. “Here.” He held the hose
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mind Control
badassery
Happy Ending
eventually
Stane is a creepy little fuck
Cap-Ironman Big Bang
serious injury
Brain Damage
It Gets Better
Sick!Tony
hurt!Tony
comfort and recovery
Hurt/Comfort
Bleeding Edge Armour System

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

