Chapter 1: 1.1: Flux
    




Chapter Text
The railing felt cool beneath her fingers, flecks of peeling paint catching in the nervous scratch of nails. She shifted along. Dogs had never really been her thing. She’d never been a cat person, either. In fact pets had never been high on her list of priorities, but that probably wasn’t the only reason why the scene before her felt quite this weird.“Are you sure that’s safe?” she asked finally, wincing on the words as soon as they left her mouth. He didn’t seem bothered by them, and in fact smiled as he leaned further into the mesh wiring. The creature on the other side curved closer, great maw in a grotesque parody of a smile as the small eyes closed, the swell of its abdomen vibrating with something oddly close to a purr.“He seems to be enjoying it,” Thor said mildly, and Jane couldn’t help but tilt her head sideways, her own arms firmly crossed over her chest.“Are you sure it’s a he?”The zookeeper at Jane’s side chuckled, though the faint nervous air hadn’t left her since Thor had decided to stick his hand through the barrier and actually pet the miserable-looking creature inside. “We haven’t got that far yet. We were hoping your friend could tell us, actually.”Curving his hand, Thor followed the line of one of the creature’s great mandibles. From the way it crowded closer yet, it apparently enjoyed the attention. “Unfortunately, I have met but one of these beasts before, and that only briefly.”“And?”His hand stilled on the horned ridges of its thickened skin, head bowing forward so that she could not quite make out the expression upon his face. “I…put my hammer through its head.”“I’m guessing it didn’t appreciate that,” the keeper remarked with clear disapproval, and Thor gave a half-hearted chuckle. Still, when he looked up, there was a faint sparkle in his eyes.“It did not do much for its mental faculties, no.”Shifting from one foot to the other, the woman frowned again at where Thor still touched the creature; Jane could understand it, though it was pretty hard to argue basic animal safety with an alien prince who could call down lightning with a hammer no-one else could lift. “But you do know something about where it is from, then?”“Not in any great detail, no, though it was upon its homeworld that I met one of this creature’s kin. It was a much larger specimen.” Even the faintest vestiges of amusement fled his expressive features then, entire great body going very still. The creature made an unhappy noise and butted its head against his hand, though Thor’s eyes had gone distant and strange when he spoke next. “Laufey unleashed one upon our company.”“Laufey?” Jane repeated, curling her tongue about the unfamiliar word. If possible, Thor stilled even further.“The former King of Jötunheimr.” Again, the creature gave an unhappy whine that sounded oddly like a puppy denied his master’s attention; Thor rubbed an open palm over its neck, and sighed. “He was Loki’s sire.”The confused look on the keeper’s face in the silence that followed might have been comical, if not for that continuing distance in Thor’s eyes. It reminded her of the sea of gold, of the sky of silver, and of a thousand voices held silent in their mourning.Thor at last withdrew his hand, gave a little soothing click of his tongue to the frost beast; it curled up against the boundary fence, the wire bowing alarmingly under its weight. “We were never permitted to go to Jötunheimr, after the war – which was won when I was but a very small child, and Loki himself scarcely more than an infant.” Stepping back, he brushed his hands over his thighs, pursed his lips. “And after the destruction of the Bifröst, it did not suffer so greatly as did other realms in the chaos that followed; it had not the resources or appeal for the marauders we fought off elsewhere. I have not returned to that place since my first journey.”“So you can’t give us any advice on how to care for this creature?”A frown bisected his brow. “I should think the best thing would be to return the creature to its home,” he said with firm command, though the words were kindly enough given. “It will grow to be very much larger than it is now, and though it seems it is not...disinclined to flesh, I am not certain that would be its usual fare.”“Then what would be?”The woman’s eagerness appeared to disarm him utterly, and Jane pressed the back of her hand against her mouth. It didn’t mask her giggle in the slightest. “I do not know, not for certain. Jötunheimr is a place of dark legend, told to children to scare them into good behaviour. I am not at all sure that anything I might tell you of its lands or its creatures would be in any way true. It should be returned to its home.”His sober expression took any amusement out of the situation for Jane, then. “And even if you don’t, SHIELD’s probably going to swoop in here and confiscate the big guy anyway. You might as well let the poor thing go home.”Jane did choose not to add that said poor thing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor (secondary)

freeform: 
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Slow Burn
Infinity Gems
Pseudo-Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Jane Foster/Thor (secondary)

