Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s Stane’s fault, but Tony will forever curse himself for not being smarter. It was Edward who came to him one morning, shuffling into the room with his hands in his pockets and a sulky look on his face. He was heading overseas, he’d said, to do demonstrations for to the American military on behalf of Stark Industries, and he wanted to know if Tony wanted to join him. In Tony’s eyes, it was essentially an invitation to find out more about Howard’s life after Tony had gone into the ice – because history books, Tony found out quickly, could only tell you so much – as well as Howard’s child, and Tony found himself accepting.The fact that it also got him away from Bucky and Steve was something Tony quietly considered a bonus: things had been weird since Bucky was rescued from Hydra. Granted, it had only been a couple of weeks, but Tony still felt the itch to get some space. He wasn’t used to Steve hovering quite that much, and add in the general feeling of not-quite-belonging and Tony was ready to go.Funny. As Tony’s head breaks the surface and he drags in a badly-needed breath, spitting out mouthfuls of rancid water, he thinks to himself that he’d sell his soul to see Bucky or Steve right now. He goes limp and lets himself be dragged back to the cell and thrown in like trash. He lays there for a moment, eyes shut, thinking about the look on Bucky’s face when Tony walked up the ramp to the plane. About the way that Steve’s hands had twitched, like he wanted to hug Tony goodbye.He shouldn’t have left. They, especially Bucky, needed him. “They are not going to give up,” Yinsen says. Tony squints up at him, still half-blinded by the dunkings. Yinsen has that look of forced patience on his face, the one that reminds Tony so much of Bruce. It makes him ache even more for what he left behind in New York.He should’ve been smarter. He should’ve followed up on the glint of concern in Natasha’s eyes when she heard where he was going. He should’ve talked to Steve and Bucky. He should’ve demanded that they start from scratch instead of all three of them awkwardly dancing around each other for days, trying to force together puzzle pieces that didn’t know how to fit. He should’ve done anything but get on that plane with Edward. Edward. Tony’s eyes feel hot, though he refuses to cry. Sometimes the pain is bad enough to cause tears, but that’s an automatic reaction from his body that he can’t control. He hasn’t actually cried since he woke up in these disgusting, gross caves with a bunch of men standing over him screaming. Not even when he found out that Edward was probably dead, or that he had a car battery in his chest keeping him alive.“Stark. Are you with me?”“I don’t want to be,” Tony admits, but somehow summons the strength to drag himself into a seated position. The room spins and his stomach clenches; he vomits water and the remains of the thin soup they were given for breakfast, hacking and coughing until his body is trembling with the exertion. Maybe he’ll die from dry drowning, he thinks hazily. He tries his best not to breathe in water. But sometimes they hold him down for so long that he can’t help it. He always coughs the water back up, but his chest feels unbearably heavy afterwards. Of course, that could also be the shrapnel in his heart. Yinsen insists the car battery is strong enough to keep him alive, but Tony has his (unshared) doubts.“But you are,” Yinsen says, and it’s not up for argument. “They’re going to kill you. You need to make a decision.”Tony chokes on a laugh. “It’s not like my options are open,” he says. “The last time I was this close to death, I was flying a missile through a portal in the sky.” And before that was the plane crash into the ice, though Tony tries not to think too closely on that experience. At least then, he was with Steve. During the worst moments, he clings to the memory of Steve’s arms around him.“A missile through a portal in the sky?” Both of Yinsen’s eyebrows go up. It’s obvious from the expression on his face that he thinks Tony’s delusional.“In my armor…” Tony trails off, looking down at the car battery. The armor crapped out after he entered the portal. It was a wreck after the battle anyway, and Tony hasn’t tried to re-build it since. Frankly, he hasn’t had the time to sit down and reassess kinks or work out improvements. There was one thing he was fiddling with – the armor would’ve functioned better with assistance, but there was no way Tony was relying on outside help. No. He was thoroughly enamored with the idea of artificial intelligence – but that won’t help him now.The armor, though. If it could withstand Chitauri guns, human bullets wouldn’t do much harm. He won’t have the right materials to work with exactly, but it’s blatantly obvious that the idiots outside don’t know much about what they’re asking him to make so he could probably get rough materials. They could probably do this. But… he glances up, eyeing Yinsen. He’s wary of sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Sentinel/Guide Bonding
Guide Tony Stark
Sentinel Steve Rogers
sentinel bucky barnes
Polyamory
Threesome - M/M/M
Spirit Animals
Bonding
draws details from iron man one
original character edward stark
minor original characters
Obadiah Stane is an Asshole
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
BAMF Tony Stark
Miscommunication
why can't these idiots talk to each other
Winter Soldier Bucky
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hand wavy science
hand wavy politics
so much hand waving really
zones
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hugging
Cuddling
tony loves his sentinels
Insecure Tony Stark
Established Relationship
well sorta
they're working on it
mentions of torture
canon typical torture

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

