Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text






The entire world shuddered to a stop.Tony lifted a hand to the side of his face and it was already tender, hot to the touch, the sound of the impact still echoing.“Tony,” Ty said roughly, his eyes wide in shock. “You... You know I didn’t mean to do that, I never would have done that if I wasn’t so stressed out over this presentation, baby, you know that.”Dad had always had excuses, too. Ty waited for Tony to say something, but there weren’t words.“Come on,” Ty cajoled, “it was just an accident, right? I’m not really mad at you, okay?” He crossed the room and reached, then pulled back when Tony flinched away. “Don’t be like that, I’ll make this up to you, all right? I’ll--” His phone started beeping urgently.Ty cursed and dragged it out of his pocket to glance at the screen and silence the alarm. “I have to get back,” he said. “This presentation, it’s important.” It was important to Ty, anyway. His promotion -- his future in the firm -- hinged on it.Tony kept watching Ty, only half-listening, more aware of the way his face was stinging as blood rushed into the damaged tissue on his cheekbone and the side of his eye.Ty had sworn. He had sworn, when he’d asked Tony to move in with him, that Tony’s days as Howard’s victim were done. That no one would ever hit Tony again. And Ty... Ty had a temper, but he took it out on things -- dishes and knicknacks and books and Tony’s laptop, once -- but he’d never hurt Tony. Not until now.“I know I’ve been working too much lately,” Ty said, “but it’s just... it’s so important to me that I can be able to take care of you, Tony. I need to be able to make you happy.” He put on his most winsome smile and sad eyes. “You... know that, right?”“I know,” Tony said, because arguing with Ty was pointless. Even that bit of talking made his face hurt more. “You should go. You don’t want to be late.”“Yeah, I just... You’re gonna be okay, right baby?” Ty scooped up his suit jacket from where he’d dropped it when he’d come in to have lunch. “This is going to change our lives, Tony, you’ll see. I’ll come back right after, as soon as I’m done, and then I’ll make it up to you, okay? Anything you want, I promise.”Tony nodded, and Ty flashed a brilliant grin. He swooped in and ignored Tony’s flinch to plant a gentle kiss on his uninjured cheek, and then dashed out the door.What I want, Tony thought, his thoughts running slow like syrup but crystal clear, is to never be hit again.It was several long minutes before he could even move, and then it was only to slump down onto the edge of the bed, shivering and gasping for breath.He wasn’t sure how long he sat like that, waiting for his heart to stop fluttering in his chest like a frightened bird, fighting for air like he was sucking it through a straw, his skin running alternately hot and cold.God, he’d been so stupid. He’d thought Ty was the best thing that had ever happened to him, given him a foothold and the courage he’d needed to get out from under his father’s thumb. Why hadn’t he seen that he’d just been trading one bad situation for another? And now that Ty had hit him once -- it would certainly happen again, if Tony forgave it, let it go. It would happen again. And again. And again.No. He couldn’t go through that again. He wouldn’t. Never again. He’d spent years coddling Ty’s jealousy, letting Ty pull him further and further from his few friends, letting Ty take more and more control of his life.And now, what could he do? The apartment was in Ty’s name. The car was in Ty’s name. The bank account was in Ty’s name. Tony had to leave, but all he had was the cash in his wallet and whatever he could carry, and he hadn’t spoken to anyone who wasn’t a friend of Ty’s in... two years? Three?Fuck.Tony scrubbed his hands over his face, hissing as he scraped over the swelling bruise, and gave himself just five more minutes to give in to the pain and the fear and the grief. Five minutes, and that was all, because he had to be gone before Ty came back.Five minutes passed, and Tony forced himself to stand up and go to the closet. He considered the expensive travel luggage, but no -- it would be too hard to lug around, and too conspicuous. He dug past it and found his old backpack, from when he’d been a student. (Ty had promised that he could go back to school some day. But those had been empty promises, hadn’t they?)He pushed that aside; he didn’t have time to list all of Ty’s wrongs against him. Tony had to pack. Underwear and t-shirts. One extra pair of jeans. Socks. A hoodie. A minimal tool kit: multitool, some coiled wire, duct tape. He didn’t want to keep any of the things Ty had given him, and the things that might be worth pawning were engraved. Recognizable. He didn’t have time for it, anyway. He considered his books, but books were heavy.Tony glanced at the clock. Fuck, he’d wasted too much time to the shock. He had maybe an hour left before 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Past Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone
Past Bucky Barnes/Alexander Pierce
Past Bucky Barnes/Brock Rumlow
Past Domestic Violence
Past Child Abuse
past emotional abuse
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Restaurant
Angst
Fluff
Smut
Domestic Fluff
Family Feels
Found Family
Alternate Universe - Beach
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Coitus Interruptus
coitus interruptus AGAINus
seriously stop interrupting us
UST
Dancing
Clint Barton/Bobbi Morse (minor)
Wanda/Sam if you squint really hard

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

