Chapter 1: Heartbeat with a High Demand
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 
In autumn of 1997, Loki decided it would be a fun and profitable game to seduce one of the Avengers and see how many secrets and how much access he could gain though it.
Considering his options, he concluded that two of the heroes were palatable to him, and that Stark seemed far more gullible and careless than Romanov.
So Loki set to work, and he started with a few well-placed dreams.

.:.
The first time Tony saw Rebecca, it was in his sleep. It was just an impression, the vague but overwhelming notion of green eyes and dark hair and whispers and rightness.
Waking up was like being stabbed. Acute longing and loss, as all that rightness tore away.
Tony lay in bed for a long time, wondering if he could fall asleep again and have the same dream.
Eventually he gave up and dragged himself out of bed, went about his day, and forgot about the dream.
The next night he dreamed of her again. She was soft black hair fanning across his chest and curved, pale skin warm against him. She smirked at him with green eyes that pierced him and ran him through, seeing too much, slicing his soul open with a pleasant sting. He realized he must be dreaming again, because in real life no one had eyes like that.
“Do me a favor,” he said to her. “Don’t let me wake up again.”
She smiled with cruel warmth and kissed him awake.
Tony lay in his bed, too sharp and alert to think about sleeping again this time. It was better than dreaming about Afghanistan, he concluded. These were actually very good dreams, but it scared him a little that he didn’t want to be awake. It didn’t bode well for his alcoholism, and it might really be healthier for him to go back to nightmares.
He hoped he would see her again.
The third dream… The third dream was really something. He was naked -- hadn’t he been naked in the first two dreams? But it took on a whole new significance when she rubbed up against him, lighting a fire in his skin and sparking rightness into need, giving a direction and a focus to all that taking apart she’d been doing. She was present enough that he could wrap his arms around her, and he did, holding on like maybe he could keep her there, and she didn’t seem to object, smiling all smug and knowing down at him and working a hand between them to give him more, tightening deft fingers around him and he was just starting to think that she’d actually get somewhere this time, stick around for the real show when she gave him that insufferable smile and a last squeeze and dissolved into the inky black of night.
Fuck, he was hard as he’d ever been, and alone in the dark of four A. M., and completely, hopelessly obsessed with a woman who was, as far as he knew, a figment of his imagination.
He needed to get out.

.:.
There was some kind of benefit the next evening, wasn’t there? He didn’t really care what it was about or who would be there except that someone there might distract him, might agree to go home with him and fill up the empty space the dreams had left (or just emphasized, he wasn’t sure).
He absolutely prowled, looking for something in particular, he felt, although he wasn’t sure what. Something compelling, something sharp and incisive, something maybe almost violent.
A backless dress caught his eye, or rather the back in it caught his eye, pale skin framed by deep green fabric and hair that fell in loose black curls. The woman tossed her head and turned a little so her face came into view and Tony was hit with a burst of shocking recognition.
She smiled like she recognized him too, like she’d been expecting him. That would have been more than a little odd, except for the part where he was Tony Stark and this was more or less his party. Still, he couldn’t help thinking there was more to it than that, seeing as this was her. The one he’d been dreaming about. And hey, maybe she wasn’t so imaginary after all.
Her eyes were just like he recalled them. Faceted green gem work, cut too sharp till they cut at the world in turn. God, he wanted her to vivisect him with those eyes. “Have I seen you before?” Tony asked, voice much more level than his thoughts. He must have seen her, for his dreams to make such an uncanny likeness of a specific person. Maybe a picture. “Are you in modeling? Acting? No?”
“No.” She shook her head and smiled the you’re-a-sexist-pig-but-I’ll-let-you-off-the-hook-this-time smile that Tony sometimes got when he'd drastically misgauged a woman’s educational background. “I work in Particle Physics, actually.”
“Really? Well that’s it then. I must have read one of your articles. I do browse a science journal once in a while. For the headshots of beautiful women.”
That got her to laugh a little. The sound was lovely, but there was an edge of polite facsimile to it, and Tony silently resolved to get a real laugh out her by the time the evening was up. “Tony Stark,” he introduced unnecessarily
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Smartass Family
fem!Loki
biological smartass family
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Minor Character Death
Lady Loki
Romance
Angst
Humor
Tony is Peter's father
Loki is Peter's mother
angst ensues
Sexual Content
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Loki Feels
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Smut
Drama
Family Drama
Family Feels
Alcoholism
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Genderfluid Loki
Genderfluid Character

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

