Chapter 1: This Is How It Starts
    




Chapter Text

This is how it starts

“When ducklings or chicks hatch, they form a really strong emotional attachment with the first larger animal they see, and regard themselves as one of them, following them around and learning from what they regard as their parent, acquiring behavioral characteristics and whatnot,” Bruce says, “that’s called filial imprinting. There are different types of imprinting, of course, but-”

“-what Brucey-Bear means to say is,” Tony interrupts, “is that Robocop here thinks you’re his handler.”

“I’m worried about what Hydra’s handlers do,” Clint quips.

They all glance briefly to the Soldier crouched at the corner of the room. Steve shifts uncomfortably on the couch. 

“He hasn’t imprinted on me,” Steve insists. He gets to his feet. The Soldier does, too.

“Of course,” Bruce notes, nodding. It’s a rather mocking nod. 

Steve narrows his eyes at him, gets up, and leaves. The Soldier walks briskly after Steve, sliding past the shutting elevator doors.

They hear Steve’s sigh. Clint snickers.

--

It starts like this:

The helicarrier falls. What’s left of the scattered Avengers rush to the riverbank and dig through the debris and wreckage of what used to be a giant helicopter-super spy headquarters-apartment-everything in the sky, 

Their spoils are: 

One: Unconscious Captain America sprawled across the mud in a half shredded uniform minus the shield, drenched in river water and blood, chest slowly rising and falling with each ragged breath.

One: Conscious Winter Soldier, staring coldly at everyone and eyes narrowed as he positioned himself between said Captain America and the rest of the Avengers, metal arm whirring softly.

One: Conscious and adorable family of cats, one ginger and two calico kittens, and their calico mother, in various degree of wetness and watching the proceedings in mild interest.  

Natasha snapped something in Russian. The Winter Soldier stiffened, but said something back angrily.

“What’s he saying? Natasha?”

She let a slow, slow grin spread across her face.

The Winter Soldier said something again, angrier.

“Don’t keep us in suspense,” Sam said, “what’s he saying?”

Clint snickered.

“Listen, hawkguy, I installed those translators in your hearing aids and I can take them out. What is our dear friend trying to say that got both you and your dangerous assassin ladyfriend here in such giggles?”

Natasha flipped Tony the bird. The Winter Soldier growled.



Natasha: Stand down Soldier, Hydra’s gone.


The Winter Soldier: Black Widow. Your new allies are stupid. This one let me live.


The Winter Soldier: That one looks dumb.


--

Which brings them to:

One: Unconscious Steve Rogers bundled in hospital sheets and drenched in medication, expression troubled as he slept, occasionally shifting and almost entangling the various tubes attached to his self.

One: Conscious Winter Soldier, hanging off the windowsill, staring coldly at nothing in particular, eyes narrowed as his gaze flickers to Steve and Sam and the beeping machines.

One, very uncomfortable and very nervous Sam Wilson, shifting in his seat and attempting to look as small and as nonthreatening as possible, hand hovering between Steve’s arm and the glass of water.

Sam touches Steve’s arm. 

The Winter Soldier growls at him.

Sam lets go immediately. He takes the glass of water and hesitantly holds it out to the Soldier.

The Winter Soldier growls at him, again.

Sam sets the glass of water down.

--

“On your left.”

“On your right, you piece of shi-” 

The Winter Soldier growls.

“-vering super soldier,” Sam finishes.

The Winter Soldier sits back, slightly mollified. 

Steve turns to his right. “Oh. Uh, hi, soldier.”

The Winter Soldier nudges the glass of water towards Steve, eyes narrowed with intent. Steve takes it, and The Winter Soldier gives what could be the smallest nod possible and looks on approvingly as Steve drinks. He looks up and narrows his eyes at Sam.

Sam shifts his seat slightly towards the door, just in case.

--

And a few days later, the situation is thus:

“I’m concerned,” Tony says.

Steve agrees. He grabs the bowl of cereal that Clint has poured for him. 

The Winter Soldier growls.

Steve hands the bowl of cereal over to The Winter Soldier, who sniffs, pokes and prods at the cereal before he was satisfied that it was not poisoned or whatever, then hands the cereal back.

“It’s cute,” Natasha says.

“Only you would find a man searching for poison in your cereal cute,” Tony shoots back. Natasha shrugs.

Steve reaches for the carton of milk. The Winter Soldier growls at him, again.

“It hasn’t expired, Pepper bought it yesterday,” Steve insisted, but handed the carton over anyways.

--

 It’s not until Natasha witnesses what she cautiously dubs as The Incident, that she says, “I’m concerned, too,” to which Tony says, “hah!”

--

The Incident was such:

One: Blushing and nervous Steve Rogers with a towel hung loosely around his wai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
The Winter Soldier/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Not Captain America: The First Avenger Compliant
Alternate Universe
Not Canon Compliant
Bucky and Steve never met
Falling In Love
Russian
Domestic Fluff
Imprinting
First Meetings
Boys In Love
Misunderstandings
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Angst
Humor
Mild Language
Mild Sexual Content
POV Multiple
POV Sam Wilson
POV Bucky Barnes
POV Steve Rogers
POV Clint Barton
POV Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Domestic Avengers
Friendship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
The Winter Soldier/Steve Rogers

