Work Text:
As Bucky started wrapping up his lecture for the day, a kid in the safe middle section of the room raised his hand. Bucky finished his thought and gestured for him to speak.
 
“I don’t think Rogers was acting alone,” the kid said confidently.
 
Bucky propped himself up on his podium, leaning forward neutrally. “What makes you think that?”
 
“These plans were much too elaborate for one man. And I know we say that he’s a genius or whatever, I don’t see it.”
 
Bucky’s eyebrows shot up. “Huh,” he said.
 
“I mean, did you see his latest interview?”
 
“Ah, yes,” Bucky said, straightening. He’d been waiting for someone to mention that. “Captain Rogers’ latest interview. Let’s take a look at that, actually.”
 
Bucky switched over from his PowerPoint to his browser, pulling up the video.
 
“Watch closely,” he said.
 
“We’re coming to you with an exclusive interview with Captain America,” some Buzzfeed lady said. Steve had told Bucky her name, but he’d forgotten. “And we can finally get to the important questions.”
 
The camera switched perspective to look at Steve in his dorky blue button-down, and he smiled a bland but disarming smile. “Glad to be here.”
 
“I’m sure,” Buzzfeed Lady said. “We’d like to ask you about the latest battle the Avengers had.”
 
“Rio?” Steve asked politely.
 
“Yes.”
 
Steve nodded. “Ask away.”
 
“As I’m sure you know, this picture has recently gone viral.”
 
Bucky could see the light in Steve’s eyes die as he took in the picture, which showcased Captain America beginning to peel out of his uniform just before entering the quinjet, showing the world a glimpse of his muscular back.
 
Bucky could advocate for the muscles on his back. He could advocate very well.
 
But that didn’t mean his heart didn’t break a little bit as Steve smoothed over another bland expression. “Of course,” he said, flashing a feelingless smile.
 
From what Steve had told him, he’d gone into the interview under the impression that they were talking about the battle. Which, in a roundabout way, they were.
 
Buzzfeed Lady smiled at him. “Why the sudden decision to strip?” she asked playfully. Bucky resisted the urge to roll his eyes for the millionth time.
 
Steve laughed, and only Bucky recognized the thin note of discomfort in it. “It distracted the aliens pretty thoroughly,” he deadpanned, and this was where Steve’s problem was. Very few people recognized the sarcasm because Steve was so rarely sarcastic in his public persona.
 
“Oh?”
 
“Totally. Half my strategy is to dazzle my enemy with my abs.”
 
Bucky paused the interview. “Anybody see the problem in Mr. Thompson’s reasoning?”
 
“He was being sarcastic, dude,” the student behind Thompson said, whacking him on the head. “He’s too smart to be answering questions about his muscles.”
 
“Exactly,” Bucky said. “It’s difficult to tell, but I’d caution against passing judgment over someone by their interviews. Plus, some people can be idiots in some areas and geniuses in other areas.”
 
“Like Ben Carson,” another student said.
 
“Right,” Bucky agreed. “A massive idiot when it comes to politics, but one of the best doctors out there. Captain Rogers is a strategic genius, make no mistake. But that doesn’t mean he has to know how to navigate interviews or how to use Google.”
 
“Does he?” another student asked.
 
Bucky smiled. “Yes.” He looked over the room. “On that note, you’re free to go. We can talk more about Steve Rogers Conspiracy Theories next time.”
 
Bucky powered off his laptop and checked his phone.
 
STEVE: Food for dinner? :)
 
BUCKY: i liek the way u think babe
 
 

 
 
“Wanna come into my class tomorrow?” Bucky asked casually as Steve paged through Home. He was working through all of Toni Morrison’s stuff because it was all sheer genius, according to Steve.
 
Steve glanced over at Bucky. “What’s the topic?”
 
Bucky grinned. “Conspiracy theories about you.”
 
Steve laughed. “I don’t know many of those.”
 
“No, I know. You’ll be there to debunk them. I’ll get you a microphone, and you can just lean forward and say, ‘Wrooong,’ before I finish talking.”
 
Steve snorted. It’d taken a while for him to be able to laugh at Trump jokes, but as the situation kept degenerating, Steve had begun to rely on his amazing morbid sense of humor more and more. “Sure,” he said. “I got nothin’ better to do.”
 
Bucky stuck his toes under Steve’s leg, grinning. “I love you.”
 
Steve rolled his eyes, but he was smiling too. “You only want me for my looks.”
 
Bucky hummed. “Certainly not for your brains,” he said.
 
Steve returned to his book with the ghost of a smile on his lips. He grabbed Bucky’s hand, and Bucky tamped down the urge to complain that he wouldn’t be able to do anything with his other hand because his other hand had been vaporized by aliens. Instead, he painstakingly changed the TV channel with his toe and pretended to be angry when Steve laughed at him under his breath.
 
 

 
 
“On this special edition day of class, we’ll be going through a real-live episo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Professor barnes
Cap Steve
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Bucky's Lectures Would Be So Lit
Conspiracy Theories
#Debunked

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

