Chapter 1





Chapter Text
                Jason doesn’t mean for the Winter Soldier to be a present for Tony Stark. The youngest Stark isn’t supposed to be involved at all.                The plan is simple: intervene before the Winter Soldier can murder Howard and Maria, tranq the Winter Soldier until he’s sufficiently incapacitated, and then drag him off for further study and let the Starks carry on with their fraught, bourgeoisie bullshit.                When Jason’s work goes wrong, it’s usually because Jason loses patience or has shitty intel. This time, it’s because the Winter Soldier is fucking amazing.                Jason hits the Winter Soldier in the neck with a dose of Xlyazine and Norcuron calculated to put him down quick and probably not kill him.  Jason had erred on the side of put him down quick rather than probably not kill him, because, no matter how interested he is in the Winter Soldier, he’d rather leave him scraped across the pavement than let him get away. And also, as the Phantom Bruce who’s always perched morosely on his shoulder disapprovingly intones: Innocent lives are unacceptable losses.                The dart hits while the Starks are still a quarter mile out. More than enough time to leave him dropped on the side of the road, completely harmless, while the Starks ride by.                Instead, the Winter Soldier slowly shakes his right arm, jerky and uncoordinated because the Norcuron has probably already numbed it, and then loses his balance on the bike, which starts sliding out from under him, skidding down the street.                And then, in free fall, the Winter Soldier tosses the gun with his right hand, catches it in his left, and fires one beautiful, perfect shot right into Howard Stark’s skull.                It’s maybe the hottest thing Jason’s ever seen in his life.                Although, after a beat, he recognizes that the civilian fatality is unfortunate.                The car smashes into a tree and goes still. There’s a fire, but Maria’s awful quiet, so Jason’s not sure she’s alive enough to need rescuing. He checks the Winter Soldier first.                The man’s sprawled on the ground, limbs out at angles just unnatural enough to suggest he wouldn’t leave them that way if he was aware enough to move them. Jason figures, if the Winter Soldier can shoot a man in the head with his off hand while falling off a bike at thirty miles an hour, it’s probably not smart to test his awareness by poking him with a stick. So, instead, Jason flicks a knife at the meat of his calf, where the road’s burned holes in his body armor. The knife sticks, maybe an inch deep into the muscle, and the Winter Soldier doesn’t twitch, so Jason approaches slowly, gun aimed at his head.                He’s cautious about it. Doesn’t get close enough to get himself killed until he’s sure the man’s not a threat. Jason’s curious about a lot of things, but death isn’t one of them. He’s already tried that.                The Winter Soldier’s out when he gets to him. Jason checks his pulse, and is pleased to find that he still has a pulse, and that it’s steady. Slow, but that was the whole damn point. Jason checks him for weapons, finds the ones he’s probably meant to find and two knives most people would miss, and then zip ties his hands together and leaves him on the street, tipped over in an approximation of the recovery position.                Maria Stark, turns out, is still alive.                “Hey there,” Jason says, as he pries the partially crushed door out of its warped frame. “That’s a nice case of shock you’re working on. Mind maybe not doing that right now?”                She looks up at him like nothing he’s saying makes any damn sense. “Did you shoot him?” she asks, as he leans around her to cut her seatbelt off. “Did you?”                “Why? You thinking about a vengeance killing? Gonna hire a hitman? Guess you’ve damn sure got the money. Especially once that life insurance policy kicks in.” Jason’s never been good at small talk.                He lifts her carefully out of the car, trying not to exacerbate any of her injuries. She just stares up at him, pale but focused, heart beating so hard and fast it feels like a hummingbird is beating against Jason’s chest.                “No, I didn’t,” he says, finally, cowed by her stare. He walks her several yards out of reach of danger if the gas tank explodes, then remembers who the dead man in the driver’s seat was and triples that distance. He sets her down, careful of where he can see blood coming through fabric. “I didn’t kill your husband. I was just passing by.”                “We need to call the police. We need to-- Tony,” she says, suddenly, and starts to stand, jeopardizing all the work Jason’s done by carrying her. “What if they’re going to the house? My son’s at the—”                “No, stop it.” Jason puts his hands on her shoulders and leans just enough weight to push her back down. “Stay down. Your le
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Timelines
Canon-Typical Violence
Slow Burn
Canonical Character Death
Imprisonment
Idiots in Love
Threesome - M/M/M
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Drug Use
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Internalized Homophobia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd/Tony Stark

