Work Text:
IBucky comes back. It’s amazing and terrifying. Steve can’t quite figure out what his heart feels half the time, whether he’s completely lost in the happiness of just having Bucky back or pained because he can’t do more for him, can’t fix the nightmares that still haunt Bucky.“I need control,” Bucky says. “Everything’s just… shit, and I can’t grab on to anything.” He admits this to Steve in the middle of the night, just the two of them, as they lay next to each other in bed. Steve covers Bucky’s metal hand with his own.“So take control,” Steve says.It’s so natural that once they start, Steve wonders why they haven’t always done this. Steve supposes that the inclination was always there; Bucky just wanted Steve to listen, and Steve wanted Bucky to make him listen. And Bucky did. He forced Steve to run laps even when Steve wanted to just curl up on the ground, to train his body and become stronger.Bucky couldn’t get Steve to stay away from the war, though. That was something else, something Steve had to do.But for this, in their own time, Steve will do whatever Bucky says.Bucky has ordered Steve to his knees. Steve isn’t sure how long it’s been. All he is wearing is a blindfold, not one stitch of clothing otherwise. But he isn’t tied up either. He’s just on the floor, knees spread apart, hands pressed against his thighs, and cock hard between his legs.His body is hot all over, but the room is cold. There are slight shifts in the air which makes his skin crawl. He’s sure he is covered in goosebumps. His legs are also starting to ache, just a little. It has to have been a few hours at least.All that is secondary, however, to the constant pulsing buzz inside him. Maybe ten minutes, thirty minutes, even maybe an hour ago, Bucky pushed him forward briefly. “Open yourself,” he ordered, and Steve reached behind him to stick a finger in himself. As he did so, he felt cold lube trickle over his hand, and Steve used that to work himself open.Then Bucky tugged his hand away and shoved something into him, solid and unyielding.Steve shivers as the vibrator continues to hum. It’s more of a dull presence now than even minutes before. That doesn’t mean it stops him from wanting to lift his hand and grab his cock.One of his hands is still messy with lube. It’s a minor struggle to not wipe it off on his leg or the floor.Fingers stroke his hair. Steve wants to lean in, but he stops himself. He hasn’t been told he’s allowed to. His standing orders are to not move, so Steve doesn’t react even as those fingers move down along his face to his lips.“Good boy,” Bucky murmurs above him. The minor praise strengthens Steve’s resolve to stay still.Bucky’s fingers disappear. He can hear Bucky moving around in the room. He’s been moving for hours, doing what Steve can’t guess. But it builds up his expectation.More time passes, maybe a good ten minutes, before Bucky caresses his face again. This time, he says, “Open your mouth,” and Steve’s jaw drops. Bucky’s right thumb traces Steve’s lower lip before slipping in and out again. He does this several times, the pad of his thumb pressing down against Steve’s tongue before running along his lip. Then, he slips it in once more and says, “Suck.”Steve closes his lips around Bucky’s thumb. He mouths it, lips pulling it further in and tongue swirling around it. He sucks and swallows, even though the nail digs a little into the roof of his mouth as he does so.Steve wants more though. He wants Bucky’s cock to rest heavy on his tongue, but he has to wait for Bucky to decide to give it to him.It’s easy though. Steve doesn’t have to think about it. If it happens, it happens. If it doesn’t,it doesn’t. Steve does not have to calculate or plan, he can just exist and do as he’s told.He trusts Bucky completely.There’s a knock at the door. Not expecting it, Steve freezes. But when Bucky’s other hand comes up behind his head, urging him on, he continues.“Come in,” Bucky says.Steve hears the door swing open. There are two doors to this room, and one squeaks loudly. This is the squeaky door. Bucky makes it that way on purpose, so Steve always knows when that door opens.Of course, if he doesn’t want Steve to hear someone coming and going, that’s what the quiet door is for.There is a soft gasp, a hitch of breath as whoever it is takes in the sight before them, of Steve on his knees sucking Bucky’s thumb as if it were a bottle.“You can set it down there,” Bucky says.There are footsteps across the floor. Bucky’s metal hand presses against Steve’s head and he works at Bucky’s thumb more intensely.The footsteps pause and then change direction, coming close to Steve. They stop right next to him.“Can I?” It’s Clint’s voice, and the words send a pulse through Steve’s groin. “While I’m here?”Bucky takes his time in replying, but he finally says, “Two hundred seconds in his mouth, then come on his chest.”There’s the sound of a zipper. Bucky’s hands disappear, and then he feels different hands, Clint’s hands, on e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Total Power Exchange
Dom/sub
Light Bondage
Sadism
Gangbang
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Plug
Fluff and Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Bottom Steve Rogers
Sub Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

