Chapter 1



Notes:
As always, many thanks to NerdyKat for inspiration and awesome beta help. My stories are way better because of you!




Chapter Text


Chapter 1


The day they got married, Clint privately promised Laura that she and their family would always come first in his life, even if he did eventually meet his soulmate. Not everyone who had a mark actually got to meet them, and he wasn’t willing to give up on a life with love on the off chance that there was someone else out there “meant for him” that he 

might

 someday meet.

Whoever she was, she was 17 years younger than he was, and she was unlikely to want or need a man in her life who was so much older. He reasoned that the decision would be best for both of them.

When he still hadn’t met her after the birth of his and Laura’s third child, he decided that they really would never meet. Whoever his soulmate was, she was in her mid 20s and doubtless had fallen in love with someone else. He was fine with it. He was happy, had a wonderful family, and he didn’t need fate to hand it to him.

He never imagined the circumstances that would bring them together…


Daisy wedged herself into the corner of the diner booth, sighing tiredly. She placed her order for a soup and salad, knowing she wouldn’t last much longer if she didn’t force herself to eat. She only hoped that the mom-and-pop diner in a tiny rural town wouldn’t have video cameras; she knew Coulson was probably looking for her, and likely others - the ATCU, whatever was left of HYDRA - and she was doing her best to stay under the radar. 

She could always delete video footage, sure, but it was easier to not have to.

She picked at her food when it came, forcing herself to take one slow bite at a time. She never felt like eating anymore, and she knew she’d lost weight but she couldn’t bring herself to care. All that mattered to her at this point was her penance; she had to do whatever it took to make people’s lives - particularly Inhumans - better, because Lincoln couldn’t anymore. Because the Sokovia Accords were making life harder for anyone with powers, not better. And someone had to watch out for them.

After she finished, she paid her bill with cash; she’d emptied her account when she left SHIELD, so she actually had plenty of money. And cash didn’t leave a trail for anyone to follow. “Be careful out there, now, honey,” the older woman at the register told her as she put on her ragged jean jacket.

She forced a smile for the woman and nodded. “I will. Thanks.” The town was quiet when she let herself out of the diner and turned the corner to make the walk back to her hotel. She hadn’t expected someone else to be rounding the corner at the same moment, and she slammed into a body hard enough to feel like a wall.

Daisy braced herself to roll with the fall, May’s training almost reflex at that point, but she never hit the ground. Instead, a pair of hands caught her arms and helped steady her. “

Shit.

 I am 

so

 sorry, I wasn’t watching where I was going!” she exclaimed without looking up. Keeping her eyes shadowed and her features masked by her hair had become almost automatic as well.

When her comment didn’t bring an immediate response, only a tightening of his hands on her arms, Daisy peeked up through her eyelashes. And froze, startled into silence.

She’d just run into Clint Barton, former SHIELD Agent and Avenger.

She was 

so screwed.


Clint didn’t know how to respond when the girl who’d run into him said his soul words. He was tempted not to say anything at all; it would be so much easier to keep his promise to Laura if he never spoke to his supposed soulmate. But the glimpse he got of her eyes when she peeked up at him made him pause.

A world of pain lurked within her eyes. Brown so dark they were almost black, her eyes pulled him in and made him reconsider his intention to keep silent. Her expression was tense, almost frightened, and he got the sense she was clinging to sanity with a death grip.

He had no idea what could have caused such pain in a woman so young, but he was not a stranger to the harsh realities of the world. In some ways, she reminded him of Natasha when they’d first met, so long ago.

“Please, let me go,” she said in a soft voice when he remained silent. Clint blinked and released her, realizing that his silence combined with his tight hold on her arms was more than a little strange.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he said with a sigh. “Are you alright?”

Daisy blinked dumbly at him as his words registered. Then she shook her head, shock giving way to panic. “No. No, I can’t. I’m sorry, I just… no.” She bolted, tears filling her eyes and making her blink rapidly just so she could see where to run.

Not that she got far.

Clint caught up to her in half a dozen paces, catching her arm and making her stop again. Overstressed and overwhelmed, running on not enough of either food or sleep, Daisy felt herself falling apart. She tried to pull away from C
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Daisy Johnson/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Family
Family Issues
Trauma
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Feels
Withdrawal
Slow Build
Eventual Smut
Threesome - F/F/M

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Daisy Johnson/Laura Barton

