Work Text:
It's Peter's first day off in a month, and instead of spending it in bed like he wants to, or cleaning his house like he needs to, or even catching up on all the episodes of Planet Earth as he'd like to, he's going to a party.
He'd told Aunt May that when she'd asked what he planned to do with all his free time, and she'd gasped and clutched at her heart, nearly giving him a heart-attack before he realised she was teasing him.
"Well dear, you have to admit, it is a little shocking. In between your day job and your night job, you don't get much time for socialising. I get out more often than you, and I need a hip replacement," she'd said, gently mocking.
"Hey!" Peter had protested, "I went out for dinner just the other night, thank you very much."
"Eating alone at McDonalds doesn't count Peter," May had said dismissively, then when he deflated had added a little guiltily, "don't mind my teasing. I'm pleased you're going out, truly. Since you and MJ..." But she had trailed off as Peter flinched, and changed the subject.
It's been just over two months since he and MJ broke up, and he still wakes up reaching for her across the bed. It hurts, coming home each night to an empty apartment, going on patrol and knowing there will be no one when he gets in. It's been a lonely couple of months. So in a way, Peter thinks, getting into his costume, it's been good he's been so busy, and the party should be a distraction if nothing else. He looks into the mirror for a moment; his face is drawn, dark bags under his eyes. He pulls the mask over his head and watches as tired, heart-broken Peter Parker disappears and the amazing Spider-Man appears.
It's not actually a fancy dress party he's attending, and in fact he's not really the one invited. It's a party Spider-Man's been invited to. Despite the ambivalence of the media coverage of Spider-Man, Peter actually gets quite a lot of invitations to parties, some of them to quite high-end parties the like of which Peter Parker could never hope to attend. He has declined every one. Except this one.
It's the birthday party of the child of a fire-fighter who had recently gotten hurt by a piece of falling rubble at one of the crime-scenes Spider-Man had been at, and Peter can't help feeling responsible. So, he's going. Plus, like Aunt May had so kindly pointed out, it wasn't like his social calender was crammed full. If the party was too awful, if, god forbid, they'd hired clowns, Peter could always say there was an emergency across town he needed to attend to, and make a hasty getaway.
Picking up the brightly wrapped present and card, Peter leaves.
 
He'd have been able to pick out the right house even if he'd forgotten the address. Big bunches of balloons are tied to the gate, which is, no joke, a white picket fence; a home-made banner hangs over the door, with the legend 'Happy 5th Birthday Timmy!' painted on. The sounds of children screeching and laughing drift over from the back garden. Peter pauses for a moment, crouched on a lamppost. Should he knock or just swing over the fence? He settles on knocking, for politeness sake. Aunt May would insist. The door swings open after a moment, revealing a slightly frazzled blonde woman on the other side.
"- keep Jenny out of the room with the cake! Don't turn your back on her!" she calls over her shoulder before turning to face him, a confused look settling on her face.
"Hi!" Peter says brightly, "Mrs Jones, I presume. Did your husband mention he'd invited me round? He said little Timmy was a big fan?"
The blonde woman continues frowning at him, arms now folded across her chest. Peter begins to feel awkward... maybe he'd got the wrong house? A different party? "Wrong house?" he asks with an embarrassed laugh, "Let me guess, you ordered Captain America, the kid who wants Spider-Man lives three houses down?"
"No," the woman, Mrs Jones, says slowly, "Timmy asked for Spider-Man"
"Well, here I am, one super spider-themed hero, just as promised," Peter tries to smile winningly, then remembers she won't be able to see it under the mask, "Friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, ready for the party." He holds the gift he'd brought in front of him.
"Who's that at the door, sweetie? Is it Vanessa and the kids?" A man's voice calls from inside.
"No," calls Mrs Jones, eyes still fixed suspiciously on Peter, "Can you come here please, Hank?"
A tall, blond man with an arm in a cast appears in the doorway behind the woman.
"Hi," Peter waves awkwardly, "it's me, you might remember, the costume's pretty distinctive."
Hank settles his hands on his wife's shoulders, protective, a look of vague suspicion settling on his broad features, "You having a laugh? Spider-Man got here an hour ago; he's in the backyard with the kids."
"What?" Peter splutters, indignant, "You got the wrong guy, I'm Spider-Man!"
Frowning, Hank peers, as if scrutinizing the costume, "No you're not..." he says, but his tone is uncertain, doubt in his eyes.
Peter is too impatient to a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Drunk Kissing
Alcohol
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

