Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
“First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak.”― EpictetusSteve had been wanting a chance to talk to Tony for a while, but it had been hard to get one that wasn’t just drawing him aside from the rest of the team, and that was a little, well, public for Steve’s taste.  They were both so busy, and Tony had been hard for Steve to track down.  He wasn’t sure if Tony had actually been making himself scarce or he was just awfully busy, but when they’d talked before, Tony had seemed so convinced that Steve wouldn’t want him around, that they would only fight with each other if he was, no matter what Steve said.  Steve figured he should have realized that Tony would take measures to prevent that into his own hands instead of trusting Steve that they’d worked it out; he was stubborn like that.  Either way, though, Steve was determined to track him down long enough for a talk, a real one, and he had a bit of break from the rest of his work at the moment.Well . . . he still had paperwork to do, but that could wait.  Since he’d finally managed to find Tony on his own. It was more of a lucky break than anything—it was just luck that Steve had stopped by Avengers Tower to check on the team, anyway, but this was one of the first times Steve had seen Tony lately where he hadn’t been too busy to talk, rushing off to someplace else, or they’d had to deal with some sort of massive threat.  And he was still working, of course, but at least it was in the living room of the tower, instead of sequestering himself away in his workshop or somewhere else Steve would have no idea where he was.  Steve wasn’t sure what he was working on, but he had a tablet in front of him that he was drawing on as well as a laptop on the coffee table, and he was muttering to himself.  Occasionally he ran a hand back through his hair, leaving it horribly tangled, or ran that hand over his face.  Steve couldn’t help the way he found himself smiling at that—it was just so familiar, so much so it tightened his throat more than a little, because he’d seen Tony just like this, in his rumpled shirtsleeves and missing a jacket and all, too many times to count over the years, and if he just stood here and looked at him it almost felt as if nothing had changed at all, as if they were still in the mansion, with the others, and if he waited long enough Tony would look up at him and smile with the light in his eyes that he’d always had, or Jan would come in and tease Steve for just standing here and watching Tony work.  She’d always seemed to know there was something going on with Steve when it came to Tony—it had been hard for him to really hide anything from her.He missed her.  He hated knowing that she was gone, that she had died while he hadn’t been here to do anything about it.  He knew the others would have done everything they could do save her and his being there probably wouldn’t have helped at all, or changed anything, but it still . . . it hurt.Steve at least knew Tony well enough by now that he needed to seize this chance, so he did—he stepped into the living room and said, “Hey there.  Working on anything I’d be able to follow?”Tony looked up, and blinked a little.  His face did something strange before it smoothed out and he smiled at him, and though his eyes had a weary, unfamiliar dullness these days and his face looked tired, drawn and strained in new, deeper ways that it hadn’t been before, there was still that same old light in them when he looked up at Steve, the genuine curve of his lips, that had always been there, and Steve felt something in his chest lighten.  Maybe things hadn’t changed as much as he’d thought they had.   “Oh,” Tony said.  “Hi.  I didn’t realize you were around.”  His eyes flickered, and he looked down a little, at the tablet in his lap.Steve was left uncertain how to reconcile the warmth of his smile with that more ambivalent reaction.  He hesitated, then came further into the room, sat down on the couch at Tony’s side.  “I have a little bit of a break,” he said, “and I thought I’d stop by, see how the team was doing.  How everyone was settling in.”“I’m sure everyone’s glad to see you,” Tony said, giving him another smile.Steve smiled a little—everyone definitely had seemed happy to see him around, but it was strange to be here and not be on the team.  He kept feeling like he was home here, like he should be one of them.  But Bucky was Captain America now, and . . . he had other things to do, himself.  And that . . . that felt strange, unsettling and bizarre, like he’d lost something he was used to bracing his feet against.  “And what about you?” he asked, trying for a slightly teasing tone of voice.Tony gave him a slightly more crooked smile.  “Let’s see if we start arguing again and then we’ll see,” he said, then shook his head, looked down a little more.  “Nah,” he said, as if shrugging away his initial reaction.  “It’s always good to see you, especially, uh, especially th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Cap-Iron Man Big Bang
Cap-Iron Man Big Bang 2013
Community: cap_ironman
Explicit Sexual Content
Canon-Typical Violence
Non-Graphic Violence
Miscommunication
Developing Relationship
Angst
Pining
Sleeping Together
Communication Failure
Insecurity
Nightmares
Oral Sex
Intercrural Sex
Hand Jobs
Medicinal Drug Use
Protectiveness
Guilt
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Shower Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

