Chapter 1: Chrysalis
    




Chapter Text
Flight
Chapter 1—Chrysalis
Disclaimer: I do not own the Thor, Loki, or the Avengers. They belong to Marvel/Disney. The day of Thor's coronation. Loki stifled a yawn, ignoring the stern glower from his father, smiling back instead at his mother. The ambassador from Alfheim was talking, droning on about the gift the Ljosalfar had provided for the son of Odin. It was a large, polished, slightly egg-shaped lump of gold. Gold, Loki mused, was not something Thor needed. His brother was being handed the adoration of the masses along with the throne of the most powerful and peaceful of the nine realms. 	The elf finished his speech, and it was time for Thor’s ascension to the throne. Their father started his speech, and Loki didn’t stifle the grin he gave his brother as he winked at his younger sibling. Loki spared their mother a glance, where she was trying to catch Thor’s gaze, her smile still in place but the look in her eyes suggesting they were both in for a lecture after the coronation was over.Except the speech was interrupted by a commotion, and their father his sons to follow him to the armory. One week laterNo laughter, no michief, only silence. Loki sat on the steps, where only days before he'd been beside Thor as his brother plotted their disastrous trip to Jotunheim. The sound of footsteps and voices coming toward the banquet hall caught his attention. Loki stood to leave, but Volstagg suddenly blocked his way, placing a hand on his shoulder. “You only did what you thought was right,” he said. “The execution was not perfect, but your heart was in the right place.”
Volstagg clasped his shoulder, and Loki met his gaze for an instant, and the warrior gave him a smile before turning his attention to the food-laden table beside them. A simple gesture, and Loki felt something ease in his chest. Volstagg, ever the peacemaker, and yes, his friend, no matter how much Loki tried denying it since Thor's banishment and finding out about his true origin. Except the tension came back when Sif stepped into his path, flanked by Fandral and Hogun. He'd been avoiding her, and just his luck. . .“This is is all your fault,” Sif said, slapping Loki. Volstagg stood, ready to step between prince and warrior, but Fandral stayed Sif's hand before she could strike Loki again.
“Loki is still your prince,” Fandral aid. “We share equally in the blame. Thor refused to listen to his brother, or you, Sif. He brought this on himself.”
“That may be so, but Loki's always been envious of Thor,” Sif said. Loki's gaze snapped to the female warrior. “How well you know me, Sif,” Loki said. “Yes, please tell me of how I envy Thor's boorishness, his vanity, his disregard for everything our father tried to teach him.”“You think you would be a better king?” Sif asked. “For Asgard's sake, yes,” Loki snarled. “But I've never wanted the throne.”With that, he walked away. “Liar,” Sif said. Loki stopped, balling his fists, but thinking better of a retort, he kept going. Another argument was not worth his time. And angry and lost, Loki let his steps lead him to the armory. The gold nugget drew his attention, and he trailed his fingers over the stone.“Do you know what that is?”Loki jerked his hand back, hearing Odin’s voice. “A gold rock,” Loki said. “I'm surprised your mother hasn't yet revealed its true nature to you,” Odin said. “Does it matter?” Loki asked. “It does, in a way,” Odin said. “It’s a rare and precious gift the light elves bestowed upon Asgard, but Thor will have to prove as worthy of it as he will Mjolnir. But enough of your brother. Neither of us came her to discuss him.”Loki ignored the comment, placing his hands on the Casket of Ancient Winters, and it glowed. Power surged through his veins like cold fire. He watched his hands change to blue. They faded to their normal appearance as he let go, and turned to face Odin once more.  “Am I cursed?” “No,” Odin said, coming down the steps. Loki stepped away from the casket, turning his attention once again  to the gold stone the elves had brought to Thor's coronation. It glinted in the light. “What am I?” Loki asked. “You are my son,” his father answered. “What more than that?” Loki said, staring down at his hands as they turned blue. “The Casket wasn't the only thing you took from Jotunheim that day, was it?”“No. In the aftermath of the battle I went into the temple and I found a baby. Small for a giant's offspring, abandoned, suffering, left to die. Laufey's son.“Laufey's son?”“Yes,” Odin said. “Why?” Loki said. “You were knee-deep in Jotun blood. Why would you take me?”“You were an innocent child,” Odin said. “No. You took me for a purpose,” Loki said. “What was it? TELL ME.”“I thought we could unite our kingdoms one day, bring about an alliance, bring about permanent peace, through you.”“What?” Loki said. “But those plans no longer matter,” Odin said. “So I am no more than another stolen relic, locked up here until you might have use of me?” Lok
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Dragons
Because dragons damn it

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

