Work Text:

One.
Sam hadn't wanted the dubious honor of guarding Stark, but he was the only one with air support capabilities and Steve had insisted. So he dutifully waited above the entrance of Stark Industries, watching the people below going about their daily routines.Thor's warning of Thanos' incoming fleet had forced the United Nations to reconsider their stance on the Accords and the true heroes who had rightfully rejected it. A special amendment had been added to account for situations of potential global extinction and conditional pardons, thus allowing the Avengers to leave Wakanda. In all likelihood, they would not be returning to Wakanda once the world saw and accepted that it needed the Avengers. The whole process was a formality wrapped in red tape.Some chatter drifted upward and Sam made no move to hide his location. The world needed to see the Avengers working together again, even if Stark had insisted on operating as a separate entity, citing differences in beliefs and difficulties with trust. Which was rather ironic, coming from the man who tore the Avengers apart in the first place when he signed. There were people who welcomed the heroes home and others who did not, with the latter outnumbering the former by the hundreds-of-thousands but the former made up for their lack of numbers with violence. The Captain Rogers' Anti-Accords Alliance Party was an extremist group in possession of explosives that seemingly appeared out of thin air, inciting mass panic and severely limiting response time for official agencies.Sam desperately wished CRAAAP wouldn't proclaim their acts were done in the name of Captain America, because causalities and destruction were the opposite of endearing.Also, it was a terrible acronym and the media had a field month with it. The many variations of "Steve's CRAAAP" were cycled through the headlines and parodied on talk shows. To say it was a public relations disaster would be an understatement, especially after CRAAAP aimed their latest threat toward Stark in the name of avenging Captain America's wrongful exile.  The United Nations panel increased its safekeeping measures, stipulating Stark needed at least one other enhanced beings present until the terrorist organization was eliminated. Hence Sam's current Steve-appointed job as a glorified flying babysitter. Two teenagers shouted something angrily and made rude hand gestures from below. Sam ignored them, keeping his posture unchanged and cursing Stark and his erratic schedule. This would have been much easier had FRIDAY cooperated as they'd requested, but the A.I. refused to alert her creator of Sam's arrival with an unholy glee that was deeply unsettling. A ripple in the crowd signaled Stark's exit from the building.Slipping on his best polite and concerned teammate mask, Sam began his descent and landed neatly by Stark. "About time, man."  Stark didn't look up from the pane of glass in his hands or acknowledge Sam in any way.  Sam reached out to tap the distracted man on the shoulder, but a voice made him pause in his movement. "Mr. Wilson, I'd strongly advise against initiating physical contact with Boss unless you have a strong desire to add assault to you list of crimes." FRIDAY's voice boomed from the speakers in Sam's helm, confirming his paranoia about FRIDAY's omnipotence and potential as an evil robot overlord. "Call off your crazy A.I., Stark." Sam hissed, mindful to keep his voice down and his hands to himself. "I'm trying to keep your rich ass from being killed, we're on the same side." "Then you shouldn't have come back." Stark finally glanced up, eyes dark and furious. "And no, we are not." "Let it go, already." Sam huffed. "This is why you don't have friends." "Oh, I have friends. And I've even made some new ones." Stark's grin was wide and sharp.Just then, a suit of armor landed in front of them. It had the same color scheme as War Machine but the shape was noticeably different. The overall frame was larger, not as sleek though not bulky either, extra plating could be seen along the spine and legs. "That's not what making friends mean. You can't just surround yourself with Transformers–" The face plate popped open and Rhodes' face appeared. "Transformers? That's the best you got, Fail-con?" Sam blinked, brain struggling to process the sight of Rhodes piloting a new suit and to determine if the Fail-con insult was brilliant or childish. "How long have you been waiting to use that one, honey bunny?" Stark howled with laughter as the Iron Man suit unfolded flawlessly from his wrists, ankles, and waist to cover his body. Rhodes smirked. With a nod to each other, they fired up the repulsors and hovered a few feet off of the ground, looking down at Sam with smug satisfaction. "How?" Sam gaped, finally finding his voice. They had heard about Rhodes' paralysis and assumed retirement for the colonel. "I'm James mothereffing–" "Sugar plum, when you censor yourself, it really takes away from the message." "So 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Fix-It of Sorts
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Friendship
Broken Team Dynamics
Tony Stark-centric
Happy!Tony
Crossover
Multiple Crossovers
5+1

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

