Chapter 1: his skin barely keeping him inside
    




Chapter Text
Wakanda was gorgeous. All tropical greens, rich golds and brilliant reds.
It just wasn’t home.
Steve stood at a window, staring out at the forest that stretched as far as the eye could see.
“You okay?” Sam’s quiet question had him turning.
“Yeah,” he lied  
“Right.” Sam tilted his head. “That world getting a little heavy there, Atlas?”
Steve’s mouth twisted in a smile. “I will be okay,” he amended. His eyes caught the discarded package on the bed. “Eventually.”
Sam’s gaze went to the bed. He walked over and shook the phone out of it. “What’s this?” he asked, holding it up to Steve.
“An answer,” Steve said, something that felt like hope curling up and dying inside him.
“I don’t…” Sam stopped. “Stark.” It wasn’t a question.
Steve nodded. “I sent it to him. Told him to call if he needed me…us.”
“You told him where we were?” Sam sounded afraid. Steve hated that his friend was afraid.
“No.” He turned back to the view. “He’s known where we are the whole time.”
Sam made a confused noise. “But then he should have reported us. Handed us over.”
“Yeah.” Steve dropped his forehead against the cool glass of the large window. “He should have.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I didn’t listen to him.” Steve rubbed at his chest, a phantom pain as he remembered his friend’s anguished face. “I didn’t trust him.”
~~~~
“No.” Rhodey glared at Tony. “Get the hell out of here and let me suffer with Nurse Pratchett here.”  
The tall, beefy physio just rolled his eyes at Tony. “It’s fine, Mr. Stark. I’ve got this.”
“I’ve told you to call me Tony.” He’d almost given up on getting Derek to use his first name. “Buttercup…”
“Seriously. Fuck off, Tones. It’s bad enough without you here.” Tony’s flinch didn’t go unnoticed. “We are not having another conversation about who’s fault this is.” Rhodey flapped a hand at the latest incarnation of the exoskeleton. “I’m alive. I’m walking. End of.”
Tony rolled his shoulders. “I’ve got a meeting with the WSC,” he said.
Rhodey glared at him. “And just when were you planning on telling me?” His jaw jutted out. “I need to be there.”
“Vision is on guarding Tony duty.” Tony said. “It’s not like I can keep avoiding them.”
“You need more than Viz,” Rhodey insisted.
Tony’s laugh was sharp and bitter. “He’s an artificial intelligence powered by one of the most powerful things in the universe. Who’s going to take him on?”
Rhodey made a disgruntled noise. “Nice, dickhead, way to remind me how utterly fucking useless I am.”
Tony’s eyes went wide at the thought of insulting his friend. “Jim. No. I …” He glared when he saw Rhodey’s shoulders shaking. “You are an asshole.” But his chest didn’t hurt anymore. “I hate you.”
Rhodey grinned at him. “I’ve been getting you like that for thirty years, Tones. Every goddamn time.”
Tony gave him the middle finger and kissed him wetly on the cheek. “I will get my revenge,” he promised, smacking Rhodey on the butt. “The exoskeleton really shapes the globes of your ass beautifully.”
Derek gave a snort of laughter, looking away as Rhodey whined, “Why do you always have to make it weird?”
~~~~
The World Security Council didn’t often meet face to face. It was dangerous to have them all together and the last time it had happened, Hydra had tried to kill off a quarter of Earth’s population. Of course, only one of the Council had survived that.
This meeting was secret in all of the best ways. Secret location, secret agenda, even secret identities. Tony had made Vision wear a baseball cap and dark glasses as a nod to the mission. Vision had not been impressed.
“Councilors.” Tony walked into the room with Vision at his back. He didn’t bother to attempt to disguise himself. Nobody on the planet was ignorant of what Tony Stark looked like anyway.
“Mr. Stark.”  The woman with the British accent nodded her head.
“Councilwoman Hawley.” Tony held out a hand. She shook it. “The rumors of your death were clearly greatly exaggerated.”
She curled her thin lips in a smile. “They do say that cream rises to the top.”
Tony inclined his head. “And I assume these are your new best friends?” He looked around at the three men and one other woman watching them. 
“This is Councilman Yamamoto, Councilman Chayka, Councilman Hogan and Councilwoman Delany.” She introduced them one at a time, Tony moving down the line, shaking hands with each of them. He was relying on Vision to analyze body language and vitals to look over later. “Representing the East, the West, the North and the South.”
Tony’s gaze swung between them. “Do I get to guess who runs where?"
Councilwoman Hawley shook her head. “No, Mr. Stark. That isn’t how we work.”
“And who do you represent?” Tony asked. He watched the micro-expressions crossing her face and decided that she was the one he needed to convince.
“I am merely the secretary,” she said, the steel in her eyes telling Tony everything he needed to know.
“Head Bitch in Charge then?” Tony had little time for diplomacy these days.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Compliant
Sokovia Accords
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Avengers Feels
Post-Canon Fix-It
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Hulk Feels
Science Bros
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety Attacks
Betrayal
Heart Attacks
Awesome Pepper Potts
Protective Rhodey
Slow Burn
I mean glacial people there is so much to sort out
Not Wanda Friendly
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Infinity Gems
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Major character death - Freeform
Sexual Content
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

