Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Why are you doing this?" Tony asks, the faceplate has fallen off, and he can hear the sound of one of his cars being crushed.“I am in love with death, and I hope to win her favor.” Thanos explains. “I will destroy all the nine realms as a courting gift for her.” Tony raises an eyebrow skeptical, and for the first time Thanos questions his plan."you thought that would work?" Tony asks incredulous "you really think killing entire planets is a good way to get the girl?""Of course. It’s a great plan.” Thanos states. “What would you recommend?" He asks, suddenly unsure. No one had ever questioned his plan before, but perhaps they had been too afraid."I don't know, maybe not making her job 1000 times harder while also taking away her job security?” Tony says, beginning to pry himself out of the dead suit. Thanos blinks at him surprised.“What do you mean?” He asks, towering over Tony. Tony looks up.“Well if you kill everyone here, then they won’t have more children later, so in the long run there will be less deaths.” Tony explains, and Thanos considers this.“You are intelligent man of Iron.” He declares, and tony groans. “You will help me court my lady Death.” He orders, and Tony rolls his eyes.“Listen Thanos. Dude, I have better things to do than help you court Death.” Tony finally manages to climb out of the suit bushing some soot off of his slightly scorched suit, he hated when battles started just after board meetings. Thanos grabs him around the neck.“You will help me.” He orders, and Tony raises his hands placatingly. “Or I will destroy your world.” He threatens.“Okay, okay.” Tony agrees and he’s dropped back onto the floor. “Fragile Midgardian here, maybe don’t do that again.” He rubs at his neck and pretends he isn’t remembering Thor, his ‘friend’ doing the same thing.“Where do we begin?” Thanos asks. Tony looks at his battle armor assessing.“Probably a makeover.” He says, and heads for the door, Thanos has to duck to fit through after him. “Everything will need to be tailor made of course.” He says, considering Thanos size. What can you tell me about Lady Death?” There’s a long silence as Thanos tries to fit his knees in the convertible. Tony pulls the lever to slide the seat back.“She is the queen of the realm of the dead.” He informs Tony. Tony nods agreeably, waiting for more. “She is vey pretty, and she once dated a Deadpool of Midgard. Should I challenge him for her heart?” Thanos asks, as they drive to the tailors.“I wouldn’t recommend it. Deadpool is incapable of dying, and a little insane. Not to mention Death is a queen not a prize to be won.” Tony explains. “What else can you tell me about her?” Tony asks, and there’s another long pause.“She is Lady Death,” Thanos repeats. And Tony nods.“Yeah, I got that part. But why do you like her?” Tony asks, and Thanos looks confused.“She is Lady Death.” He repeats again, and Tony fights the urge to facepalm.“Is that legitimately all you know about her?” Tony asks, and Thanos opens his mouth to speak. “I know, I know, she holds dominion over the realm of the dead.” Thanos’ mouth snaps shut. “Have you ever asked her about her interests?”“We have never spoken.” Thanos tells him, as if speaking to her is irrelevant. Tony blinks at him, barely resisting the urge to facepalm.“This is going to be harder than I thought. Friday make a note, call Deadpool.” He says, and Thanos is startled when the car replies.“Of course, Boss.” She says. Thanos blinks at it.“Spirit, are you okay. I know I am rather large by Midgardian standards.” He says, looking as if he would will himself to float if at all possible.“I am fine Sir Thanos thank you for the concern.” She replies. He smiles, relaxing back into his seat. Tony can’t help being charmed at that. It’s nice, having someone care about his ‘spirits’. They arrive at the tailors, and Tony leads Thanos inside, once more the titan is forced to duck under the door frame.“Charlie. Charlie, I have got a job for you.” Tony says, and Charlie walks into the room and stops dead, turning an unimpressed look on Tony.“You always did like the strange ones Stark. I’ll need to take a few days to get him settled, but I can certainly take measurements now.” She says, and Tony nods agreeably. “It will cost quite a bit.”“Bradbury, you know me. I’ve got it covered.” Tony says, waving off the question. Thanos scowls at him.“What currency do you midgardians use?” Thanos asks, and Tony tries to wave him off as Charlie beams. “I have coins made from the metal you call gold. Would that have value?” He asks.“You are the first of Tony’s friends to offer to pay for yourself.” She says, and Thanos’ frown deepens, brow furrowing.“Those are not friends Stark.” He informs the man. “Be wary of them.” Tony nods agreeably.“Learned that the hard way big guy.” Tony pats his shoulder. “Don’t worry about paying.” He tries, and Thanos glares at him. “Or do whichever is fine. Charlie you okay with taking gold coins?” He asks, and she nods
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thanos

freeform: 
courting
Flirting
Rom com tropes
Alternate Universe - Romantic Comedy
Canon Divergence
not team Cap friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fluff
cuddle time
implied Touch Starvation
Dinosaurs

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thanos

