Chapter 1: November- Thanksgiving
    




Chapter Text
“Explain this again,” Thor said, staring at the boxes with a pursed mouth.“Thanksgiving,” Coulson told him.  “It's a holiday where we try to reflect on the things we have to be thankful for, including our family and friends.”“And you do this by consuming much food?” Thor asked.“Also, football.  It's the American way!” Clint said, thrusting a hand in the air.  “That's part of it, yes,” Bruce said, his lips twitching.  “But another big part of it is offering hospitality to others, to give thanks for what you have by attempting to share with those who might not be so fortunate.”“Thus, the collection for the food banks,” Steve said, smiling.  The muscles of his back and arms were in stark relief beneath his shirt, but he wasn't breathing hard.  He set the box down with a faint sigh.  “Not enough, though, is it?”“Every bit helps,” Coulson told him.“Not if you're the one who's hungry.” There was a faint pinch between his eyebrows as he studied what they'd gathered so far.Tony stopped in the act of drinking his coffee.  “We'll cover it, Cap, don't worry about it.  The Foundation's on it, but the food banks are hard hit this year.”  Not that he'd been aware of it, he left the Maria Stark Foundation's board of directors alone.  They did a good job at parceling out available funds, but demand had outstripped what was available.Then again, it almost always did.“What do you do for this day?” Thor asked Bruce.“It's an American holiday,” Bruce explained.  “Other countries have their own, or similar holidays, but this one is only in the United States.  And, well, I haven't been.”Thor nodded, and looked at Clint, who shrugged.“Family holidays are tough when you don't have a family,” he said with a grin.“SHIELD has its celebration on a day before, or after,” Natasha said.  She had Coulson's file folders open in front of her, her eyes narrowed as she scanned the documents.  “Too much risk to assume that we won't see an attack the day of, but there is a celebration.  For foreign agents, or those without immediate family, most gather off duty to have a meal, or at least watch tv.”“SHIELD's party is on a random day?” Tony asked, curious despite himself.  “How does that work, exactly?”“Usual duty roster,” Coulson said, leaning over the invoices.  “With twenty-four hour notice of the event.  Agents, active duty personnel, and direct family are all welcome, so if you're not on shift, you can stop by whenever.  The party runs all day, and well into the night.”“So it's a bit of a secret, but not really,” Clint said, grinning.  “Organization full of spies; people are going to find out.”“It's a yearly battle,”Coulson agreed.  “Fury takes entirely too much pleasure out of organizing it.”“He missed his calling,” Natasha agreed.  “He would've made a terrifying wedding planner.”“Pity the poor ice sculptor who screwed up that order,” Clint agreed.  “And now I'm thinking of Fury stomping around with fabric swatches and flower arrangements, and that will haunt my nightmares for the rest of my life.  Thank you for that.”“I live to serve,” Natasha said.  She glanced up at Steve.  “We can make this up, Cap.  We just have to work at it.”Steve nodded, his jaw tight.  But he took a seat next to Tony and accepted a cup of coffee with a sigh.  “I know,” he told her.  “But we don't have much time.”“We have enough,” Tony told him.  “How do you celebrate this giving of thanks?” Thor asked him.“By eating a pie in the workshop,” Tony said.  The team looked at him, and he shrugged.  “I like pie.  Let's go.  We have boxes to load.”*Monday, they hit the press junket.“If one more morning talk show host asks me about my plans for the holidays, I will not be held responsible for my actions,” Tony grumbled.  He eyed the minibar in the limo, wondering if it was late enough to start drinking yet.  Because a Bloody Mary was the only thing he could imagine getting him through the next few 'appearances.'“Please don't do that,” Coulson said.  “I have plane tickets for tomorrow, and if you light a talk show set on fire, I'm going to have to cancel them.”Steve looked up from their schedule.  “Going home for the holiday?”“I promised my parents I would prior to well, all of this,” Coulson said, his lips twitching.  “So I'd appreciate if it you all could keep out of trouble.”“We're never trouble,” Clint said, and no one paid any attention when Coulson smacked him on the back of the head.  “Pepper's gone to see her mother, too,” Tony pointed out.  “And I'm more afraid of interrupting her vacation than yours.”  “You didn't go?” Bruce asked.“I met her parents once.  We don't need to repeat that mistake,” Tony said, rubbing his forehead.  “The holidays are just-”  He gritted his teeth.  “Are they over yet?”“Just starting,” Bruce told him, and there was sympathy in his eyes, in the faint smile on his lips.  He took his glasses off and polished them on the hem of his untucked shirt.  Steve offered him a pristine white handk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Team Building
Holidays
mostly an excuse for me to write holiday fic
Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

