Chapter 1: An Insect in Your Memory
    




Chapter Text

Chapter Track: Blue Jeans – Ladytron
Steve’s taxi pulled up to a house in a state of disrepair. Paint peeled from the shutters and the porch. Grass grew untamed and thick with weeds around the great maple that dominated the front yard. His mother’s rose bushes beneath the kitchen window wilted from neglect. Last time Steve saw this house – just after his high school graduation, and just before beginning his freshman year of college – the rose bushes were his mother’s pride and joy. Sarah Rogers cared for the most beautiful garden in the neighborhood. The entire town knew that.He stared for several seconds before he remembered that he still had to pay the driver, and slid his credit card through the machine attached to the back of the seat. Despite Steve’s size, the driver insisted upon helping him unload his suitcase from the trunk.Steve thanked him, and the taxi sped out of the cul-de-sac, leaving him a lone figure in front of his childhood home, on a quiet street in a tiny town.Though Steve hadn’t been back in ten years to witness it, he knew his mother’s garden remained beautiful – until, well, now. Until three months ago, when Winnie Barnes mentioned that Joe Rogers didn’t look quite right, and were they sure they wanted to stay for the fireworks at the barbeque?Joe collapsed thirty minutes after the annual Barnes Family July 4th fireworks started, and several hours after that, a doctor in the next town over, the slightly bigger town several miles away, diagnosed Steve’s father with cancer.Now Joe was dying, and Steve was standing on the sidewalk in front of his childhood home like an idiot, running through all the things he should have done differently in the past ten years as though thumbing through a cartoon flipbook of hindsight and regrets.As he lingered in front of the house, the front door creaked open. Steve jerked his attention forward just in time to see his mother step out onto the weather-worn porch, looking worse for the wear with her gray-blond hair tied back with a scrunchy and wearing a haphazard ensemble that wouldn’t have been out of place in the nineties.“Please, honey, come inside,” she said, and she sounded tired. So, so tired.Steve’s rolling suitcase jostled and complained as he tugged it over the cracked concrete path that led up to the house. Once inside, he shoved the handle down and leaned it against the wall beside the front door. Neither he nor his mother spoke for a long several seconds while Steve took in the sight of his old living room, different and the same all at once. When he was a teenager the walls had been sunshine yellow but now were slate blue. His mom’s framed cross-stitch projects were the same as he recalled though hung in the wrong places.Steve threw his arms around his mom. He buried his face in her hair and, oh God, she even smelled the same, like whatever strawberry drugstore shampoo was on sale that week.“I’m so glad you’re home,” she whispered into his neck.“I’m sorry it took me so long,” he said back.They stood in each other’s arms for what seemed hours. When Sarah pulled back, she wiped her damp cheeks with the backs of her hands and dried them on her ancient jeans. She smoothed back a lock of Steve’s hair and said, “How do you feel about mac n’ cheese for dinner?”“Sounds great,” Steve grinned, and if his smile was a little too tight around the edges, that was his business.They didn’t talk about Joe being alone in the hospital over their bowls of mac n’ cheese that night, and Sarah didn’t bring it up before she showed Steve back to his old bedroom as though giving a guest the nickel tour. He hugged her again and kissed her cheek before he wished her goodnight and hauled his suitcase into the bedroom he grew up in.Steve collapsed on his old twin bed and held his head in his hands.He should have been here.He shouldn’t have left so fast, and he should have come back for holidays.Sure, he paid to fly his parents to him in more recent years, but had stubbornly spent his college days away from his family for the sake of his own stubbornness.His feud with Bucky was, in light of his father’s imminent death, a fucking farce and a waste of Steve’s energy.Exhaustion cascaded over Steve, but when he rolled onto his old mattress and chased sleep, sleep never came. Instead he stared at his ceiling where years and years ago he’d stuck glow-in-the-dark stars in swirls and patterns and wallowed in how stupid he’d been. After over an hour of tossing and turning, he gave up and shoved his sneakers back onto his feet. Steve yanked a hoodie over his head and tucked his phone into the pocket of his sleep pants and walked down from his bedroom and out the front door.He took the spare key from beneath the third garden gnome to the right and locked the door behind him before he left.Steve didn’t walk with a purpose. He wandered, foggy and hazy with all the regret and hindsight and sorrow in the world, feelings bleeding 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Small Towns
Alternate Universe - Small Town
Enemies to Lovers
Hate Sex
Hate to Love
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Childhood Friends
Alternate Universe - Childhood Friends
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Reunions
Reunion Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
definitely not slow burn
Smut
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Returning Home
Angry Sex
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Suicide Attempt
Minor Character Death
Beefy Bucky
thick bucky
Mental Health Issues
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Estrangement
Original Barnes Sisters
Anxiety
Nightmares
Dissociation
Unreliable Narrator

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

