Work Text:
“Invention, my dear friends, is 93% perspiration, 6% electricity, 4% evaporation, and 2% butterscotch ripple.”
- Willy Wonka, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl
*
“I need a shower,” Pepper says, gathering together a ragged semblance of her usual poise. “And...clothing, really, much more clothing, and don't even say it.”
“I didn't say anything. I wasn't going to-”
“I know you were because I heard... oh God. I can hear your thoughts,” Pepper says, sounding utterly dismayed.
Tony can't help the apologetic smile that slips onto his face. Hi, he thinks at her.
“Oh no,” Pepper says, her hands reaching up to cup her temples, as though she can shield him out. Tony hears the echo of her words in his head, like a stone dropping down a well. No no no no.
“This is good,” he ventures.
“No, this is bad, very, very bad,” Pepper says, starting to pace. Bad, no no bad get out bad.
“How-”
“Before, if I needed to, I could put my phone down and walk away. That doesn't work if you can email me with your brain.” Pepper's thoughts have devolved into a flurry of alarmed exclamation marks. “I need a firewall, or a few thousand miles of ocean between us, sometimes, or I will kill you with my bare hands.” The certainty of Pepper's statement is a little more daunting in the wake of her show of brutal force. 
It's also kind of hot, in a self-destructive kind of way.
The glance Pepper shoots his way tells Tony exactly how obvious his thoughts are. “Seriously?”
“Um,” he says.
“I am too tired to deal with this right now,” Pepper says, rubbing her head like it hurts, even though Tony's pretty sure it doesn't.
“I'd fly you home, but...” Tony spreads his hands, encompassing the wreckage of shipyard and suits. Sorry.
“I know,” Pepper sighs, and her shoulders slump. 
That's when they both feel the blips of SHIELD approaching by land, sea and air.
“Oh, good,” Tony says. “Even for me, drivers don't like coming to disaster zones, no matter how well I tip. Maybe we can get the Pirate King to drop us home.”
We don't have a home, he hears, and from the look in Pepper's eyes, she knows he heard it.
“New York, then. We can see the New Year in from the top of the Tower.” He nudges the schematics he'd drawn up for the apartments, the ones marked with logos for each of the Avengers. They're empty, right now, except for Bruce, but they're ready.
“Oh, God that's loud,” Pepper grits out, and ducks her head like she's taking enemy fire. 
Tony realises she's not talking about the engines. SHIELD is arriving, and they've brought all their gadgets with them. 
It is loud, Tony knows, but he's acclimatised to it. He remembers that raw-wound feeling, though. That deafening clamouring from all sides, from the surge of a broadcast to the nudge of a text message. Learning how to filter takes time, and it's time Pepper doesn't have. There's a slight glow emanating from beneath her skin, and she's broadcasting a litany of SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUP that's almost painful.
It's instinct to reach out and touch her, to gather her in, and hold her against him. She's hot to the touch, enough that it feels like it's burning his skin, but he doesn't let go. “Listen to me, just to me,” he says, and then he does what he does best. He creates a bubble of white noise, just talks and thinks about random, complex and wildly inappropriate things with a background of rock music until she's not burning up but just shaking like a leaf in his arms, her mind gone quiet. She's desperately afraid and miserably aware of how vulnerable she is, but by the time the first SHIELD agent walks within speaking distance of them, she's not making his clothes smoulder any more.
“You guys had better live up to your acronym and have a shielded room on that floating monstrosity of yours. A quiet room, no tech, nothing but a light switch and running hot water. Capiche?”
The agent nods, and they're spirited away from the wreckage.
The room makes Tony feel like he's lost one of his senses, but it's enough for Pepper to collapse onto the cot like someone cut her strings and fall instantly and deeply asleep. Tony stays awake watching her for far longer than he probably should, but he can't help himself. He spends the time designing special shielding for the penthouse in New York. He's not planning on letting SHIELD poke and prod at Pepper any longer than necessary, and after being on the run, he really is very very tired of being away from a place of his own, that he can trust.
*
Morning, Tony says, and doesn't even make the obvious joke. (How did you know I was awake, you were thinking too loudly, got old pretty fast, even for Tony.)
“I think we should do everything from bed,” he mumbles instead. “Like John and Yoko. Have a press conference, with nothing but sheets.”
No, Tony. Pepper doesn't even pause from mentally poking at her day planner, moving an afternoon teleconference from two to four, shuffling a board meeting with a SHIELD contract negotiation without even so much as opening her eyes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Dummy & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & You (Iron Man movies)
Tony Stark & Butterfingers (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Extremis
Feels
Psychic Abilities
Technological Kink
Gift Fic
IM3 Feels
Bot Feels
Bot Love
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Iron Man 3 Fix-It
Iron Man 3 Spoilers
Post-Iron Man 3
Tony No
Tony Stark Feels
Pepper Feels
Sleepy Sex
Cunnilingus
Inspired by Fanfiction
Fluff and Smut
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Found Family
POV Tony Stark
Canon Het Relationship
Telepathy
Telepathic Sex
Comeplay
Come Eating
Barebacking
Community: trope_bingo
Trope Bingo Round 1
Trope Subversion/Inversion

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Dummy & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & You (Iron Man movies)
Tony Stark & Butterfingers (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark

