Work Text:
Standing on the precipice in the council room she stands proud next to her twin sister, her eldest sister and her brothers. The blond and bubbly twins stand in front of them as if to fight off attackers. One in pigtails down to her hips, Skylar thinks of a violent and methodic Baby Spice when she sees her sister. While the other in a leather pants, jacket, gloves and boots with pigtails stands on the other side. Hair dipped in pink ink, Lilly raises her brow as Lilly-Anne's is dipped in blue. Cries of war fill the room from the large U around them and the coming army trying to attack the council. "Sky, Skylar! What do we do? This is your deal." The eldest female dressed in nude cotton cloth bodysuit, faux fur lined cape to match her almost sports bra like top and ankle length skirt. "We will fight with you until the end, love." Wincing the English platinum blond warns as a spear appears in her hand."Sky, you know your song." The eldest brother whispers standing at her side, holding her numb left hand. His navy sweater, slacks and boots a comfort to her eyes to see as her younger brother taps the same shoulder.Shorter, messy brown hair but same clothing, he smiles softly before shape shifting. His falcon like body lands on the eldest sisters arm guard, ready to send out the message."Sister, this is your call but be warned. Not all of them can fight, not all are willing to fight." The blackette at her side warns softly looking out at the room filled with Dwarves, Sprites, Succubae, Werewolves, etc. "Those Demons want the Humans. You are the Human leader, you protect them. Just like I protect Vampires and any creature that cannot be seen. Just like Anna protects the Wolves and the Mutants. Even those two computer heads protect the Super Human's." Anne-Marie nods to the pigtailed women as Tony Stark holds his arm back to protect his red headed wife.Looking at her twin, black hair down in wavy curls, leather pants, boots and jacket made for speed. Her body creates holsters with guns pushing out of her clothing like puss from a popped zit all around her body. "You were the first human born from us, you have mutant powers to defend or use in offensive, with music. You are the strongest and now with your child..."Skylar looks down at her large stomach, setting her hands on it, as if she hadn't known about it at all."You are the choosing factor. We will fight but if you think we have to retreat, we will at your command." Anne-Marie adds looking out to the door that is breaching.A pause happens. No cheering, no yells, just silence. As if to say the demons have a elephant ready to punch through the door. Then roars start up until the door is entered by blood thirsty Demons. A leader comes foreword in a Human body while the rest stand in revolting stench and looks. Black meat hanging onto bones."Well, well! The Council is all here!" The voice yells out making all of the Werewolves, Dwarves and Humans yell out in anger."Silence!" Skylar's voice rings out, silencing the room as she steps down from the podium in her black gossamer gown. "You have entered a Sanctuary." Looking to her right, she earns a nod from Nikola Tesla and Helen Magnus who are ready to fight. Turning to her left she smiles softly to the few super heroes she knows, like her ex Remy Leboe who came from a parallel world to fight with her, Hawkeye, Black Widow and two young men who are Hunters. Her subjects look to her as leaders of their own right, nodding in agreement, to do whatever she decides. "My name is Skylar Llyandra. Leader of the Humans, from the Sanctuaries, to the PPDC, to the various agencies like The Unit. I protect the land above and below. You do not scare me or my family." Holding up her hand, she stops the Demon from speaking as she turns to her sister at her side, signing behind her back to get all creatures unable to fight hidden away. Anne-Marie clicks her heel in Morse Code to tell her that she understand the youngest woman in the family. "The Council does not take to kindly to threats, to killing innocents or barging in to it's meetings."The pinkette turns to the Demon specifically, eyes on him. "My brother told me I knew my song. He's right."Growls and hisses fill the room as Skylar's mouth opens. Carmen's "Habanera" spills from her lips as the sounds of teeth gnashing, swords clanging and screams fill the large white room. Time slows but also speeds up at the changes in tempo as he voice sings. People gain strength all around her as her mutant powers work. The damages she can inflict on the Demon's, just due to her deadly voice fills the room as she defends her people.Blood splatters along the white walls as she continues on.The enemies in front of her is pushed back against the far wall. Tears fall down her cheeks as the pinkette pushes the enemies back into the main hallways and down into the foyer. As her voice finishes the melodic piece, Skylar closes her eyes tightly before walking foreword in anger. "I told you to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Lucian/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Lucian/Original Female Character(s)

