Chapter 1: your world is not what it seems
    


Notes:
An updated intro for anyone just deciding to join this little adventure. While this started out as an experiment a few years ago, it has grown exponentially into something more unwieldy. In this AU there are only Alphas and Betas. Just figured I'd cut out the middleman. A Beta is basically a combination of the typical abo Beta and Omega traits. I figured I'd put this up front so that no one would be confused as time goes on.The world of this verse will sort of be revealed as you continue to read. I tend to like to translate canon to fit whatever the world of the au is so be on the look out for those changes. In general it should be easy to follow.So:1. Only Alphas/Betas2. Werewolves Are Known and humans do exist.




Chapter Text
Steve jerked awake - the lack of warmth beside him feeling wrong and alien as he nearly threw himself up out of the nest of covers that served as a “bed”. The spot where Bucky should have been was long since cold, and looking across the room, he could just barely see tendrils of smoke coming from a dying fire. The alarm bells began ringing even more intently, and Steve could feel his heart start pounding faster.Not only was Bucky awake, he was gone.Expletives had never been his thing, but at the moment he was sorely tempted. Wasting no more time, he threw the covers off the bed, barely acknowledging the chill in the air as he headed for the door. Unpredictable, yes, but Bucky hadn’t tried to pull a disappearing act like this since he and Steve had moved onto their own little bit of Pack land. They had made a ridiculous amount of progress, and now this.The change came immediately as Steve opened the door, his body changing into that of his comforting four-legged silver one. His fur was a welcome relief to the chill from a few seconds ago, and the snow was bearable like this. Casting his gaze around sharply, he spotted the tracks made by the other. Steve took off, little comforted by how far apart the prints in the snow where. Wherever Buck had been going after (or running away from) he was doing it in a hurry.Coming to the riverbank where Pack land stopped, Steve could see that the pawprints now slowed down and continued on the otherside. But the pattern was that of someone less in a hurry. That at least gave Steve some hope he could catch up with his mate in a reasonable amount of time. Splashing through the river (and almost instantly regretting it), Steve followed after the footprints, keeping his eyes peeled for any signs of trouble. So far, there was nothing but the bareness of the winter landscape. Gray-brown, leafless trees and a the expanse of white snow, untouched except by the pawprints Steve was following. It was a stark, calming beauty - and it was almost the same feeling in the springtime. Its why they had moved out here, to get away from it all…
And maybe Bucky is trying to get away from y–
That train of thought was cut off as Steve nearly tripped own paws coming to a stop. There, up ahead, only a few feet away stood his mate. The distinctive black of his coat, and large frame was unmistakable. Breathing deeply, Steve could tell there was no blood, so Bucky wasn’t hurt. In fact, Steve couldn’t quite tell what Bucky was doing. He seemed to be looking up at something in the sky, or maybe the tree..? Steve spared a glance upwards, but he was more concerned about his mate more than anything.“Hey, Buck…” He tried gently, not wanting to startle the black wolf. He took a step forward, readying himself incase the other ran.As it were, Bucky just swiveled his head to look in Steve’s direction. He looked distinctly unimpressed, as though he wasn’t surprised in the slightest that Steve had found him. “Sssh.” Bucky growled quietly, one ear flicking back.“Is there something out here?” Well Bucky seemed calm enough. Steve sniffed the air again, and blinked in surprise. There was another wolf here. A wolf whose scent he didn’t know. Steve looked at Bucky, wide-eyed, his stance tensing. Where?But Bucky seemed unconcerned with the potential threat. Understanding Steve’s silent question, he tipped his head back and looked up once more. “Look up.”Steve blinked, but did as he told, this time more carefully than the last. And there he was in all his glory, somehow having made himself comfortable on one of the higher thick branches. The strangest thing was just how natural and comfortable he looked, like it wasn’t some freak accident, he was up there on purpose.“Theres a wolf in that tree.” Steve murmured almost too himself, awestruck. Then he looked at Bucky. “Did you chase him up that tree?”“And then he fell asleep?” Bucky’s voice grumbled deep in his chest. But he was more annoyed than angry at the accusation, considering it wasn’t entirely unfounded. “He was by the river this morning. I could smell it. Then I tracked him to here. He’s been asleep all this time.”“Wow.” Steve didn’t have much else to say. The wolf’s reddish-brown coa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Minor James “Bucky” Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Werewolves Turn Into Actual Wolves
Getting Together
Fluff and Angst
Past Riley/Sam Wilson
Slow Burn
Alpha/Beta
Mutual Pining
Sexual Tension
Domestic Fluff
Alternate Universe - No Powers
References to Depression
Safehouses
Hydra (Marvel)
Minor Injuries
Mpreg

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Minor James “Bucky” Barnes/Steve Rogers

