Work Text:
Tony wasn’t sure what he had done to earn Bucky’s friendship, but whatever it was he would do it a thousands times over if it meant having Bucky by his side.When Steve and Sam had brought Bucky home to the tower, Bucky had been quiet and morose with moments of anger and violence peppered in between—often triggered by a memory of Hydra. Everyone had thought Bucky would turn into a raging monster when the full moon came and his more animalistic side would be out. It had been a shock to everyone when Bucky had taken werewolf form and instead of lashing out he lay on the ground and whimpered throughout most of the night.Everyone’s attitude toward Bucky had changed after that. Steve’s need to protect and defend Bucky had doubled, and everyone handled Bucky like glass.It became annoying real quick, which was why one day Tony marched into the communal space, went up to Bucky, and slapped a wrench into his hand. “I need an assistant today. You’ve been chosen.”Bucky had been perplexed, but had followed Tony.Tony doubted that moment was the one that had garnered him Bucky’s friendship; however, it had been a launching point. Whenever Tony saw that Bucky was being coddled he’d demand Bucky help him in the lab or workshop. More often than not, Tony had Bucky mostly hold heavy and/or large items in place while Tony and the bots did more of the technical stuff. If Bucky asked, Tony would slow down and explain what he was doing as he built his contraptions. Bucky seemed to take joy in those exchanges, even if he didn’t say much.Maybe that was why when he saw Steve, Natasha, and Vision were holding back with Bucky when it came to sparring as well Tony had volunteered himself as a sparring partner.  “I don’t want to hurt you,” Bucky had said.Tony rolled his eyes and patted Bucky on the bicep. “Listen, sad-pup, you’re not going to hurt me. Even if you tried, my armor would blast through the wall and you’d get your ass handed to you. Besides, I need the practice.” Tony batted his eyelashes at Bucky. “You wouldn’t want to see me get hurt in a real battle against someone with super strength in the unlikely scenario that my armor malfunctions, would you?”A spark of irritation lit Bucky’s eyes, and Tony could sense the internal growl Bucky shoved down. “No.”They’d become sparring partners then.They had already become friends before that though. Tony scrolled through his call list, feeling miserable and hungry. He wished a large cheese burger was the solution to his problems, but unfortunately, the type of nutrients he needed didn’t come from McDonalds, unless he was planning to snack on a cashier.Tony groaned and sat up in bed. His sheet dropped down to his lap. He hissed. His skin felt sensitive. He couldn’t even wear clothes without feeling like he was being static shocked. He knew he should have had sex three days ago, but it had just been so unappealing. The idea of touching another body right then just seemed too much. Plus, he really didn’t want to deal with all the trouble that came with sex. It was such a hassle; albeit, sometimes fun, but not an exercise he felt compelled to perform.Now he needed it. Sometimes he loathed being an incubus.Tony sighed and dropped his phone. “FRIDAY, how much longer can I put off this stupid sex thing before I’m in absolute physical agony?”“By my calculations, you have roughly three hours, boss. I would also like to point out that you are fifteen minutes late to your sparring session with Sergeant Barnes. He is currently headed to your floor. Should I impeded him?”Tony grumbled. He hugged his pillow to his chest, grimacing as it pulled against his skin.He needed a distraction. “Let him in.”“Understood.”A minute later, Bucky knocked on his bedroom door and Tony hollered for him to come in.Bucky’s eyes swept across Tony and his rumpled bed. His expression hardened as he processed the situation.Tony beamed at Bucky. He kicked his legs up and in the air and cupped his chin. “Hi wolf-babe. You mad at me for missing sparring?”Bucky walked toward the bed. He nodded at it. “May I?”Tony huffed at Bucky’s wolf sensibilities (Bucky may deny having them, but Tony knew they existed). He patted the spot next to him on the mattress.Bucky sat. His eyes roved over Tony’s back before meeting Tony’s gaze. “You don’t look sick.”“I am.” Tony decided to have some fun and let some of his true appearance leak out over the human facade he wore. His eyes were a mix of oranges and yellows with slitted pupils. Gray, ridged horns sprouted from the top of his head and curled. He smirked at Bucky. “My more primal side is out, and it has made me extra sensitive.” Tony tucked his inhuman features back behind his human disguise and exhaled blithely. “It makes me want to vomit.”Bucky’s brow pinched. It was a few seconds more before he asked, “Am I understanding this right? Are you saying you’re horny and want to vomit?”Tony tapped the side of his head where his horns were when not hidden. “Technically, I'm always h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Creatures & Monsters
Asexual Tony Stark
Sex Neutral Tony
Incubus Tony
Werewolf Bucky Barnes
Friends to Lovers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

