Chapter 1





Chapter Text
His eyes felt heavy and his head felt numb, as if he had recently crashed against a wall while swinging from a building to another... which was a thing that happened shamefully often. He didn't open his eyes just yet but did gradually manage to lift a hand and reach for the back of his head, feeling a dry and crusty scab of blood in between some strands of hair. Great.After what felt like hours he managed to convince himself to look around, just a little. He saw in between his lashes a blurry image of his surroundings: gray walls made of concrete and what were obviously prison bars. What had he got himself into now?Peter turned his head to the side, the action proving to be laborious for his sore body, and saw a lump resting by the opposite wall. He focused his eyes, brows furrowing in effort. It was a man, he was dressed in a white tunic that barely covered his legs, which he was probably wearing himself too, if he had to guess. A quick glance at his own body verified his theory.Parker shook his head and the movement came out slower than intended, 'concentrate' - he scolded himself silently. His eyes went back to the man next to him, he was familiar but he couldn't manage to remember who he was, the concussion getting in the way of thinking rationally; he got a vague feeling of annoyance and pity when he stared at him, for some reason.Then the man turned his head in such a way his complexion was no longer hidden in the dark, revealing a heavily scarred face with no hair whatsoever, not even eyelashes.  'Alopecia? Burn injuries? War veteran?' - He run through a mental list, trying to remember this person, he knew this wasn't a stranger to him, he just needed to think.And then the man opened his eyes, painfully slowly, just like Peter had done before. Presumably he was in the same condition and even blinking hurt. His eyes... they were beautiful. That was as far as his brain allowed him to reason at the moment, only ready for kindergarten level poetry.As soon as those eyes fixed on Peter he remembered: Wade Wilson, Deadpool. And the stare he was receiving was one full of confusion, Wade seemed to be utterly lost and trying to guess what the hell was going on. Then his head turned to the side to take a look at his surroundings, just like Peter had before; except he must've seen something Parker had missed because his breath instantly hitched and panic invaded his face.Spider-man followed his gaze, trying to figure what the other man was seeing. He spotted it after a while, once his eyes finally focused: "Weapon X" read neatly on the wall.'Weapon X...' – He almost heard the gears on his brain turning and complaining about the fact they had just remembered Deadpool and he was still asking to remember something else. 'The Weapon X program. Deadpool. Deadpool!' - His brain provided helpfully, remembering the connection between those two.He was instantly looking back at Wade, who had curled in on himself and was panting rapidly, scratching at his skin as if it confined him. Peter wanted to follow the mercenary's example and go on full panic but his heroic nature pushed harder, moving his body until he was close to the other man."Listen to me." - He spoke his first words after waking up to realize his throat was dry, his voice making an effort to work its way out of the windpipe and scratching the path as it did. - "You're not alone, we're finding a way out of here this time, I promise." - His hands reached for Wade with uncertainty, unsure if the touch would either push Wade to full panic or cause the man to scratch at Peter like a wild animal. When his palm met a shoulder he got to feel the shaking of the panicking man and decided to go ahead and try, damned it all- the touch would have to do, he couldn't sit there and watch Deadpool bite at his own tongue and drown in blood. His arms surrounded the mercenary, pushing Wade's head against his chest Peter sheltered him as best as he could, as if holding a child instead of a colossal man."Shhh." - He cradled Wade's body with tenderness, trying to ignore the nails that were digging at his back. It didn't matter because he'd rather Wilson clawed at another body than his own, at least right now. - "Shhh." - He repeated again and again, the sound becoming a background noise. By the time his tongue was numb from effort he noticed Wade's trembling had stopped and his eyes were closed, his lips were pursed tightly though, a sign he was not sleeping. Peter was glad it had worked, because he had no idea what he was doing."That's better, isn't it?" - A pair of light blue eyes looked up at him and he swallowed the lump that appeared on his throat at seeing them so clouded with worry."... Thank you." - It was whispered, Spider-man only caught the words because he was paying attention. Wade made no attempt to move away, if anything he moved even closer, as if he wanted to fuse with Parker and disappear; Peter couldn't bring himself to push him away, no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Sex
Abduction
Torture
Trauma
Panic Attacks
Relationship's pretty healthy but there's a high amount of codependency
Weapon X Project
Canon-Typical Violence
Immortality
Not Beta Read

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

