Work Text:
Steve was heading to the meeting room that T’Challa asked him and the others to meet him in. They had been staying in Wakanda for a while now and it was peaceful but many of them missed home. When they arrived the first thing they noticed was Fury standing there beside T’Challa.“Fury.” Clint sounded happy but when Fury leveled him with a glare the archer backed up.“Sit down all of you.” Fury said in that tone that those he knew him knew all too well it was in their best interest to obey.Wanda glared at Fury not liking the tone or being ordered around. When they were seated T’Challa spoke.“I offered you sanctuary here because I felt I owed a debt for my wrongful anger towards Barnes. Mr. Fury has brought information I believe you should all listen to very carefully.”“What’s going on that you would come here?” Natasha asked her voice carefully blank.“I’ve come to tell you what idiots you are. You think Stark is the bad guy in all your lives? Did any of you even read the Accords? Did you stop to consider your actions?”“We were doing what was right.” Steve tried to defend their actions.“Stark got us locked up in the Raft.” Clint said anger leaking into his voice but not as much as normal because no one who yelled at Fury lived to tell about it.“He’s a monster; he locked me up and killed my family.” Wanda screamed.“Shut the hell up all of you!” Fury yelled making them all sit back shocked.They sat there staring shocked for several moments before Fury dropped several files on the table.“You all seem to forget just who the fuck Tony Stark is. So here’s a reminder of the genius who was once the most powerful and successful weapons manufacturer in the world who can more than easily still make the best weapons if went back into that line of business.”Steve took the files looking over the information.“Who are these people sir?” He asked looking up at Fury.“Obadiah Stane, former business partner of Tony Stark and the one who was selling weapons to terrorists as well as attempted to kill Tony twice. He also tried to kill Ms. Potts and several of my agents. Ten Ring terrorists who held Tony captive and tortured him. Ivan Vanko, son of a man that once worked with Howard Stark. He tried to kill Tony twice and targeted Ms. Potts and Colonel Rhodes. Justin Hammer, a business rival of Tony’s who could never match his weapons and a man who helped Ivan attempt to kill Tony as well as target his friends. Aldrich Killian, attempted to hold Tony prisoner as well as Colonel Rhodes and the president. Forced an unstable serum on Ms. Potts and nearly killed her while trying to kill Tony. The others are test subjects of Aldrich’s that Tony faced and killed. Do you get where I’m going with this?”Wanda’s power was showing as she glared at him.“That Stark is a monster that deserves to die.”T’Challa allowed the one who knocked on the door to enter. The person entered and silently set up a screen and handed the remote to Fury before leaving.“Apparently you’re all stupider than you look.” He said showing the first image which was the site where Obadiah had been killed.“Obadiah Stane, dead. His suit had the superior arc reactor  that he ripped out of Stark’s chest before leaving him to die while the older model Tony retrieved had barely enough power to be fighting against such an opponent. The Ten Rings most dead when Tony escaped and the only reason they didn’t all die was because Tony’s focus was destroying his weapons on his way out.”The pictures that showed the Ten Rings’ camp in flames with several bodies littering the ground was uncomfortable to look at but Fury continued as he went to the next picture of the battlefield of Ivan’s last fight.“A battle fought with Rhodes as his backup but the only reason they came out on top was because of Tony’s genius.”Next picture was Justin Hammer in a secure cell that he would never be coming out of.“A man with enough wealth and connections to get away with murder but he made Stark an enemy and now is severing life in prison.”Next pictures were the battlefield of the battle against Aldrich and his allies.“This was done by Stark and his iron legion.”Images of a place no one recognized with several bodies appeared.“Stark killed this one while handcuffed and no suit. This one remote piloting the suit and afterwards saved an entire plane full of passengers. Aldrich and his men all had a serum that allowed them to regenerate as well and breathe fire and made it impossible to touch their skin without being burned and yet Stark held his own both in and out of the suit. Getting the message yet?”They were silent while Fury was growing more annoyed.“You guys have made a very big mistake with making Stark an enemy. I had contingency plans for all of you going dark side before Shield fell, but never one for Stark. If he ever wanted to become the villain you all make him out to be there wouldn’t be a battle, we’d be dead before we even realized he went dark side. He could destroy this world or rule it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
BAMF Fury

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

