Chapter 1: End of summer
    




Chapter Text
"Alright, settle in you lot.  We'll be in ruddy new France in two shakes." Mad-Eye barked, before heading up out of the hold to the cockpit.
The kids sighed and transfigured themselves stools, beanbag chairs or sofas depending on their inclinations, skill with transfiguration and what materials they had handy and settled in for the ride.
"I wish there were windows down here.  I wanted to see what the Frenchies have done with their place." Seamus grumbled.
"Probably not much.  They've mostly just been marking off areas for different things.  They're going to bring their whole province over and then spread out from there and green the areas around whatever they've moved once they're all in place.  Some of it's already green of course, but that was from the terraforming bombs, not so much from them.  They've mostly been working on the lakes, streams, rivers and oceans while they've been here this summer."  Tom replied.
"I guess whatever works for them." 
"Eet makes perfect sense.  Ze province is already beautiful, and weel serve everyone just fine as eet iz.  We deed not want too much in zhe way of things when everyone spreads out, so zhat eet can be made beautiful and aesthetically pleasing in 'armony with whatever structures are put nearby." Fleur objected.  "Eet iz a good plan." Fleur protested.
"We weren't criticizing, just, you know, commenting.  It's kind of the complete opposite of how we've been doing things." Seamus assured her.
"Where are we going to set up anyway? If the whole country hasn't even been set up yet…" Olivia Moon wondered.
"Some of the country is green, remember.  We'll probably set up camp there for tonight.  That's where the French are staying while they're here." Tom answered. 
 
"WE'RE HERE!" They heard Cecil call from up above.
"That was pretty quick." Dean said with some surprise.
"We didn't have to go all that far, remember… or did you forget? You do seem to be suffering memory problems this summer." Tracey said coldly before stalking away.
Dean winced and said nothing further as she walked away. 
The kids undid their transfigurations, gathered their stuff and packed away whatever games they'd been playing to pass the time, before heading to the center of the hold to exit.
"Fleur! Thomas! 'arry! Welcome to new France!"
Fleur smiled brightly and hurried to greet her sister.  
"Gabrielle! What the hell is she doing here?" Ginny hissed to Hermione indignantly.
"She's here with a group from Beauxbatons.  It's all the NEWT students--those heading into fifth through seventh year." Hermione explained absently.  "They take their OWLs at the end of fourth year, so she's done that already, unlike you.  Apparently they often take trips as a group during the summers." She frowned then and looked at Ginny suspiciously.  "What concern is it of yours though?  Given everything that's happened, I thought you'd finally given up…though I can't say I approve of how you moved on."
Ginny wasn't listening, she was glaring at Harry who had just greeted Gabrielle with a hug.

"Hey, Trouble! How's it going?  You brat, you never said a word about being here!"
"I deed not wish to ruin zhe surprise!" 

The two of them, Fleur and Tom  headed together towards the French encampment.   Ginny suddenly went staggering as someone knocked her shoulder as they passed.  Ginny righted herself and pulled her wand, only to find a group of flinty-eyed Slytherin girls in her way with their wands already drawn. 
"Alright, that's quite enough." Remus said firmly.  
He got between the two hostile groups and sent the Slytherin girls on their way.  Once they were clear he frowned at Ginny in disappointment and followed after.
Ginny glared after the man, and then glared at Hermione when she left right afterwards without a word to her.  With a huff she gathered her stuff and stomped out of the ship.  She looked around for Dean but he was following Tracey, who was striding ahead of him, obviously unwilling to talk.  Her eyes narrowed and she scowled, before pasting a smile on her face and striding off into the heart of the French encampment.  
 
"Watch out below!"
"AAH!"
"Ron, you jerk!"
"Bleagh!"
There was much laughter as those swamped in the wave created by Ron's cannonball from the top of the cliff ten feet above flailed around and wiped the water out of their eyes and noses.  
"Idiots.  They should have gone to the other end of the lake.  That's what, the third time he's done that?" Mandy Brocklehurst said with a snort.  
"Gryffindors.  What are you going to do?" Lisa Turpin said philosophically, concentrating on evening out her tan a bit while she still had the chance.
"Is there any food still?" Hannah Abbot asked curiously as she and Susan Bones wandered closer.
"I think there's a few sandwiches left." Terry Boot answered absently from beneath the book he had across his face to block the sun.  He wanted to take a nap, but the squealing and yelling of the rest of the group kept h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Sigyn
Tom Riddle/Fleur Delacour

freeform: 
Magic and Science
Magical Science
scientific magic
space travel
teenage hijinks
death of HP canon characters

fandom: 
Loki/Sigyn
Tom Riddle/Fleur Delacour

