Work Text:
1.Thor’s brother is a trickster in every sense of the word. He’s unpredictable on Asgard, but on Midgard, amongst mortals and contemporary buildings, he’s dangerous. Having his brother near mortals sets Thor’s teeth on edge.Especially the mortal children.“Thor.” Spider-Man crouches a dozen feet away from the demigods. Thor isn’t sure if the young hero is braced lowly so he can spring away at the first sign of trouble, or because he makes a smaller, less threatening target like this. “Back away. Loki’s not going to cooperate.”“I’m sorry,” Loki says, “have we met?”“I’m sure you've heard of me,” Spider-Man says. “I’m kind of a big deal.”“Thor, I thought recruiting mortals to your cause was as far as you could sink. Hiring children? For shame.”“Hey!” Spider-Man stands. Loki’s gaze sharpens; he’s a predator zoning in on a weakness, spotting the smallest of the herd from across the barren street. “I’m not a child, the same way you’re not—and never will be—a king.”“Spider-Man,” Thor begins, but it’s too late.A burst of light hits Spider-Man across the chest. The young hero lets out a grunt and tumbles backward. He grows smaller, smaller, until his red and blue spandex is just a loose ball of fabric.“There,” Loki says. “Now no one will mistake you for anything else.”Thor forgets about his brother. He hurries to Spider-Man’s side, searching through the spandex. Has Loki cast his young shield-brother into another dimension? Spider-Man is strong, but his mortal body might not be able to withstand—The bundle of red and blue moves, and from its depths rises a reddening face. Teary eyes peer shyly up at Thor, small mouth wobbling, shoulders shrinking under Thor’s shocked stare. The child shrinks back into the spandex.“It’s alright.” Thor gently pulls him up to his chest, and hushes nonsensically into his soft, messy hair. Some of the tension eases off of the child. His breathing evens out, and some of the redness leaves his chubbier cheeks.Spider-Man rubs at his eye with a fist. “Who’re you?” After a pause, he adds, “Sir.”“I am Thor, God of Thunder.”The child blinks. “Oh. I’m Peter.”“I know,” Thor says.“Oh. Um, sir?”“Yes, small one?”Spider-Man’s nose wrinkles at the name. “Where’s my Aunt and Uncle?”“I… do not know.” Tears refill his eyes. Thor hurries to continue, “But they’re both alright. They asked me to take care of you.”Peter looks up at him from under his lashes. His eyes are very big and very wet. “Really?”Thor tightens his grip on Spider-Man. Loki has long since vanished in a swirl of robes and gold platted armour. There is no one here to witness this, or take Peter from him. No rightful guardians, no Aunt and Uncle, to guide Thor through this.“Really.”   2. Fury“What,” Fury says, “is this?”“A Midgardian child,” Thor says, unconcerned by Fury’s glowering, or the small child in his arms.The kid is pale and scrawny. Scabbed, knobbly knees stick out from the bundle of red fabric he’s wrapped in. Dark bruises litter his shins. Brown hair flops into his eyes. The brat is squinting. He probably lost his glasses.“I can see that. Where did he come from?”“This,” Thor begins, hefting the child closer to his chest, “is Peter Parker.”“Don’t you think we’re taking the kid jokes a little far now? I know he’s young, but Jesus.”“It really is him. My brother did something. A spell.” The kid pokes Thor in the chin. The demigod doesn’t look offended by the gesture, just shifts his attention to Peter. “Yes, little one?”“Is he a pirate?” Peter whispers. He squints dubiously at Fury. “He doesn’t have a beard…”“What he lacks in facial hair he makes up for in spirit,” Thor promises.The child looks skeptical. “Hm.”Fury sighs. At this point in his career, he doesn’t have it in him to be properly surprised by anything anymore. Something like this has happened in the past—a nightmare weekend in which his best agents were turned into mischievous and traumatised ten year olds.At least by this point Peter has accumulated enough friends to look out for him. The vigilante is well-liked (even if the brat seems to be oblivious to this fact). Fury doesn’t have to personally play babysitter this weekender anymore than he normally does.“Where are his glasses?” Fury asks. “He’s going to hurt his eyes squinting like that.”“Spider-Man’s vision is fine without glasses”“That was before the bite. He wore them at this age.”Fury rubs at his temple. Shit. Someone will have to call May Parker and inform her that her tiny, teenage charge was now an even tinier child. He would’ve had an intern do it if it wouldn’t compromise Spider-Man’s identity, and he didn’t think May Parker would personally storm the helicarrier if she knew was being blown off when Peter was in trouble.“Are really you a pirate?” Peter asks him. He seems comfortable in Thor’s arm, but he doesn’t seem to trust the older man’s opinion on pirate-related matters.“Yes,” Fury says without hesitation.“Did you steal me, then?”“I’m the good kind of pirate,” Fury tells him. “I defected.”Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Crack Treated Seriously
Allusions to past bullying
implied spideytorch

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

