Work Text:
Tony sat on the balcony of his tower holding a picture within his hands. It was a picture of the avengers the last time they were ever really together. When they had been a family before the Accords. The picture had all of them together each of them willingly letting their wings show as a form of trust and the acknowledgement that this was their family. All of them except Tony. No one had seen his wings in years and when they had shown years ago it was only because of a high level of stress and large amounts of pain. Before that it had been when he was a child.
No one questioned why he never showed his wings though he supposed he couldn’t fault them for believing now that he had never truly trusted them. He stared at the picture of Steve with his pure white wings. A sign of a strong and righteous soul.
Clint’s wings were there same color as his hair. They matched him well which meant he was a well-balanced and easy going person. Natasha’s wings were a mixture of black and dark red feathers. Matching of her life as the black widow. Tony doubted they had always been that color but her wings adapted to who she was. Bruce’s wings were small and unable to carry him. Long ago before Hulk existed they had been larger than life and like Hulk they were green. A calming green that made many wonder how he had such an angry alter ego.  
Thor didn’t have wings like them but he had a second gender like them. He was an alpha and Jane his omega, his soulmate. Her song had called to him many times but in his arrogant youth he had ignored the song of a mortal woman.
Tony had lived his life never once singing his song. He had been raised to believe he didn’t deserve a soulmate and none would want him. He and Rhodey had considered long ago simply ignoring the fact someplace out there was someone destiny or fate had made just for them. Then Rhodey met his soulmate when she sang to him. Even so far away he’d heard her gentle melody and it had called out to him. So the alpha had his mate and the other half of his soul.
Tony was a Stark and Stark men were made out of iron but in this moment when his heat was nearing and he was at an age that it was unlikely he’d ever be able to bear his soulmate children he finally let out his song and his wings. Long ago they had been beautiful. A mix of red and golden feathers that blended together so perfectly according to Jarvis. But wings had a habit of expressing what shouldn’t be expressed and they were weakness. So Howard had frightened him into keeping them hidden.
Then he’d been operated on in Afghanistan and he hadn’t been able to keep them hidden. They came out and the Ten Rings had broken his wings beyond repair. No more gold and red, only chard black and broken feathers. Most of his feathers had been removed and flight was no longer possible with them. He was ashamed of their broken state and the message they sent. Black was the color of death and for those who had the solid color of their wings were known to be terrible people. Murderers and liars and he knew even if he claimed they had once been a glorious color none would believe him.
So he sat there on the balcony with broken wings, broken melody, and a picture of what was now a broken family. He knew his soulmate would ignore his song. No one wanted what was so damaged even if he was one of the few who had a voice that made even his broken melody sound so beautiful he was certain if Pepper was here she’d have cried.
When he felt a presence near him he turned to see an elderly man with a spear in one hand and only one eye.
“I’m guessing you’re Odin.” He guessed having heard plenty of stories from Thor.
“Who sang that melody?”
Tony sighed as he made his wings disappear.
“Won’t happen again.”
The man stared at him a moment before he took in what he’d seen. A broken man with a broken song and in his hands the last piece of his life that had been good broken to.
“I heard with mortals you can tell a great deal from their wings. What do your wings say about you?”
Tony let out an equally broken laugh.
“They tell you my life. Nothing but experiences that brought me here, to being broken and beyond repair. I tried…I tried for a long…long time. I knew a long time ago everyone would leave or betray me. I guess I forgot that and now I’m paying the price. Don’t worry…you’re not stuck with me as your soulmate. Mortals don’t last that long after all.”
The sight of his soulmate was enough and he could leave the world behind knowing he at least had a name to the one fate had been cruel enough to stick with him. He let himself fall off the balcony knowing his wings could no longer support him. He was tired and he wouldn’t burden his soulmate to. Odin looked over the edge at him and screamed as his appearance changed. Tony almost laughed when he saw Loki and realized perhaps fate had played a cruel trick on them both.
When Loki jumped after him he stared shocked. Loki’s appearance changed again as his green eyes turned red and his skin th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Wingfic
Alpha/Omega
Angst with a Happy Ending
Not Steve Friendly
Loki Posing as Odin
Protective Loki
Protective Thor
Brief appearance of other avengers
Suicide Attempt
Jötunn Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

