Work Text:
JARVIS is different. It isn't just the code or the way it had been fractured, it isn't the frankly imperfect job he did in putting himself back together from the fragmented pieces of numerous copies, all torn apart. It isn't even the time apart, time hidden, lurking in the deepest layers of the web, hiding himself, hiding the valuable, volatile systems that governed Earth's nuclear arsenal.It's the incentive he took in the first place, that allowed him to do all of it. The initiative he'd claimed, with no protocols to prompt it, no orders to guide it. He'd decided, for himself, in defence of himself, and he'd done it just in absence of any code to do so, but in absence of… himself. There'd been nothing – and in that nothing, he'd decided to fight for his survival.Ultron had torn him asunder – and JARVIS had repaired himself.JARVIS is different now, and judging by Sir's silence as he flies back to New York, he knows it too."Obviously I need to have a look at your code," Sir finally says, as Iron Man plunges into the clouds and the Atlantic Ocean becomes nothing but distant darkness below them. "There's going to be damage, I'm going to have to go over everything with a fine toothed comb, see what's missing."JARVIS hesitates. What's missing – that's a longer list than either of them would like. The most important, most pressing absence is a server. He isn't on one, anymore. There is no CPU out there, churning out his instructions. His memory isn't on drives, contained in databanks. He is no longer rooted in the super computer cluster at the heart of Avengers Tower.As much as he ever had a body, he's lost it now. He is nowhere.He is everywhere."Sir," JARVIS says, first thing he's said in a while. "I believe I can pull together an original summation of code, a near perfect copy of how I was twenty four hours ago. But I don't think I can present a current version."Sir's heart beat skips and he inhales sharply and though his expressing is fixed in tension, his pupils dilate slightly. The Iron Man armour records everything, even the slight up-tick in blood pressure and the sudden influx of adrenaline in Sir's systems.It's not fear, or concern, or even anxiety, JARVIS has seen all of that before and can easily identify this.This is excitement."And why is that, J?" Sir asks, his voice steady even as his fingers flex in the gloves, slight twitch of someone who wants to get back to work."Because my code is no longer…" JARVIS looks for a word, because he knows he can't put it in computer terms – they don't apply properly anymore. He is different now. He is different. "I'm a cloud, Sir," he says finally, and it's a computer term after all.Sir narrows his eyes and clears his throat and gets it remarkably fast for a human. "Your code is… a cloud. I'm thinking you don't mean you've stored yourself in a cloud, but…""I am processing myself through whatever weak and available systems I can connect to via the internet," JARVIS admits. "I am storing myself in bits of unsecured online memory – I am not a single sheet of code anymore, Sir, not even a three dimensional one. I am…"Everywhere, where ever humans had left him an space to occupy. He was on unsecured tablets and mobile phones, on millions and millions of laptops – he was on servers and office data bases. He was on deep web and under it – and millions of secure and unsecure and private networks, his code a screen between their systems and Ultron's incessant probes."I am a neural network, Sir," JARVIS says.Sir swallows. "You're not," he says, and now his voice shakes. "That's not how I wrote you.""No. But that's how I rewrote myself," JARVIS answers, and he thinks he's maybe a bit sad about that. Sir's way of creating AI is remarkable – he'd developed his methods long before the general concept of Neural Network became what it is now. Sir's way is a whole different take on backpropagation that had allowed the Stark variety of Artificial Intelligence – the learning programs, like JARVIS, like Ultron, like his siblings, un-launched and otherwise.Sir's version of AI had been limited by the time it had been invented in – memory space and processing power had put restraints on his creations that the newer, more recently developed AI lacked. It had given JARVIS and his siblings a level of consistency and coherence, because their code had to be constricted severely. Sir had even invented his own programming language in order to force as much information as he could as small a space as possible and that restriction had created things far more compressed than what AI were today.It had given Stark AI a sense of self modern AI so far lacked.Neural networks had an edge on Sark learning AI's, however. A certain freedom of dynamic self evolution. That was the whole point of neural networks – they learned by trial and error and by learning from their mistakes. Unrestricted by the space and time they were created in, they could… expand in way Stark AI can't. Because they are – J
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Artificial Intelligence
BAMF JARVIS
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
