Chapter 1: In the Field
    




Chapter Text
He’s too slow.His fist has already extended out towards the enemy when he sees one of the masked men in his periphery throw a cylinder can towards him. The glint of metal catches his eyes, patronizing as it rolls easily towards him. By the time he notices it, there isn’t enough time to pull his shield up and protect himself from the worst of the emission.The can hisses and gas envelopes the room, sitting thick and heavy in the area as it invades Steve’s body.The gas is blinding. Steve’s lungs contract and spasm as he tries not to inhale, his breaths shallow as the substance burns his nostrils and itches at his throat. His eyes sting behind his mask, and he hardly lands a proper punch at the approaching enemy as he tries to blink the tears away.He got too careless, he thinks absently, he hadn’t paid enough attention to enemies coming in through the West Wing, and now he’s caught himself in the middle of God knows what substance they’ve poisoned him with. For all he knows this could be a neurotoxin he's inhaling, because Steve’s damn certain that if it was reserved specifically for a super soldier, they wouldn’t be adverse to using something that would completely incapacitate him.He brings his leg over to kick at an approaching enemy, throwing his shield over to ricochet against another man’s head as he coughs into his elbow.“Team –“ Steve calls from the com's, lightheaded, “Avoid the forty-third floor, the area’s been contaminated. I repeat, avoid the perimeter – they’ve expelled gas into the area. It's potentially hazardous.”“Get out of there, Rogers!” He hears Bucky growl through the coms, and if he wasn’t so focused on doing exactly that, he’d find the comment almost endearing, the way that worry spikes through Bucky's tone. Steve scans the area, approaching a potential exit. His vision goes hazy as he staggers into the hallway, though he's disappointed to find that all exits are blocked off by approaching enemies and bolted down doorways. Even the area that he entered through has been completely boarded off, and in his current condition, it's unlikely he could simply tear it down.Trying to trap him in. Typical.He makes it through ten men before he feels a tickle at the base of his spine, and it’s not until the last man finally goes down that Steve’s knee’s start to give out, his movements clumsy as he stumbles through the hallway. He’s too disoriented to navigate the area properly, and the fever that overcomes him intensifies with each minute.“Steve,” Bucky's voice calls out into his ear piece, tumbling the man out from his momentary daze, “Steve, where are you?”He cough’s through his line, static fraying.
“Rogers, where the hell –”
“Stark -" Steve finally answers, voice wavering, “That mask of yours any good at filtering through gas?”
“You know it is, Cap. Where are you?”
“Forty-third floor, East Wing - exits are blocked off, no windows in my area,” Steve inhales sharply, the line going quiet as the fumes curl in his lungs. His suit feels constrictive against his skin, practically suffocating him. A tremor trails up his spine, and he gasps. Jesus, this almost feels like, like –“Steve," his mate calls out, and Steve practically moans at the sound of Bucky’s voice, body trembling.
“Robocop, stay at your post. I got him. I’ll be right there, Cap.” 
The minutes bleed together until he hears the rev of Tony’s suit blast through one of the steel bolted doors, quickly approaching the immobile super soldier. He's currently supporting himself against one of the frames of the building, back pressing against the divider. Steve’s hair sticks to his forehead underneath his helmet, so weak he can hardly keep his eyes open long enough to glance at his teammate.“Hey, sleeping beauty,” Tony calls from before him, quickly approaching, “This isn’t exactly the best place to lay your weary head and rest.”Steve groans in response, unable to hold his weight as his arm snakes around Tony’s shoulders. His grip goes slack as he stumbles down to his knees, a sharp gasp offered in response. Tony moves quickly, brows knitted together in concentration as he glances at the blond, supporting him in his arms to keep him from tumbling down onto the cement.“I’m going to pick you up,” Tony says, and Steve doesn’t even answer, simply lets himself go pliant when Tony brings a hand under his knees and picks him up effortlessly, pressing him to his chest. The cold metal is refreshing against Steve’s overheated skin, and he all but tosses his mask off, pressing his forehead against the plating of Tony’s suit. Once secure in his arms, Tony quickly begins navigating through the corridor.“Talk to me, Steve. How are you doing?”Steve opens his mouth to answer, but the words die in his throat as Tony quickly steers through the building. He tries to think, tries to answer, but where one thought starts, another one quickly throws him off tangent, the words too jumbled on his tongue to bother trying to form.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Sex Pollen
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Possessive Bucky Barnes
a fic no one asked for
POV Alternating
Porn with Feelings
Explicit Sexual Content
Scenting
Teasing
Body Worship
Just the Tip
Hand Feeding
Making Love
Mating Bond
Knotting
they're both saps for each other its awful

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

