Chapter 1



Notes:
Okay guys – though it’s probably gals ;) – we’re starting with a Loki POV, so have fun!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
CHAPTER 1
This was the home of one of the most eminent personalities and mightiest warrior of Midgard, and it looked so very plain! There was no gold, no exposed riches. Had this been the palace of a modest man, Loki would have understood its interior; with a home this size, and his name illuminating the sky at night, Anthony Stark was not modest in the least. The surroundings might be plain, yet they were still done in a tastefully plain manner. If he had not more important things to do, Loki might have been able to appreciate it all.He walked up to the glass and looked out over the ugly grey city that was soon to be his. Some of these buildings, like Stark’s, were quite the engineering feats for beings without strength or magic, he could admit that. The rest, though. It was simply hideous. He would raze it to the ground and make this place beautiful again. As green and lush as it was some thousand years ago. There he would retire from all the wars, the hate, the politics – were those not all the same thing in the end? There he would rest for a while, and finally breathe. And he would forget. That was the most important part of all this.A sudden surge of power of the Tesseract made him look in its direction, even though he could not see it through the ceiling. The ripple of that power made his skin crawl; the magic in that one object was so dense and bright – he wanted to both hold onto it and never let go, and shield his eyes from its blindingly unending potential.He teleported to the balcony, his borrowed sceptre gripped tightly in his hand. It was time for the next phase. His long-awaited guest had arrived. He had wondered if his plan had been too subtle, if mortals could be clever enough to reach him before the fun part – and his army – arrived. Apparently, the owner of this tower was indeed capable of a modicum of reasoning.Iron Man, in his battered flying armour, was lowering himself down to the platform situated one floor up. Why did supposedly righteous people – who were, in reality, conceited idiots – always choose the colours red and gold? A large mechanical ring lifted itself from the floor while Stark walked towards glass doors, divesting him of his only weapon. Loki smirked as he himself walked back inside. Such arrogance from such a weak creature. Such stupidity.The moment he knew Stark could hear him, free of the rushing wind from outside, Loki spoke. “Please tell me you’re going to appeal to my humanity.” The idea was an amusing one, and so typical of Midgardian defenders. Typical of many so-called heroes, in fact. Trying to ask compassion from an enemy that so obviously came to destroy you. It was such a ludicrous idea.“Er, actually I’m planning to threaten you,” Stark answered, slowly walking towards the stairs that lead down to the floor Loki was on. Getting closer. So much unfounded confidence. And yet Stark did not take his eyes of Loki – a wise choice, acting like the prey he was. It might not show on his face, but Stark must be trembling from fear on the inside. He merely pretended he was not; that bravery was so foolish, and got so many people killed.Loki let a breathy chuckle escape. “You should have left your armour on for that.” The mortal facing him bare like this was such a ridiculous notion. No wonder they never lived very long – knowing how weak their bodies were, they should be taking care to avoid dangerous situations, not walk into them on purpose. Even with that little armour of his, Stark would not have been much of a threat, so coming to him without it was rather insulting, in fact. He felt underestimated, and he hated it. He had been underestimated all his life. Was it ever going to stop? When he was king of Midgard, it would. He would see to that!“Yeah. It’s seen a bit of mileage and you’ve got the little stick of destiny.” Stick of Destiny? Loki looked down at his sceptre, and smirked. The name was absurd, yet it was still amusing. With this sceptre, he was definitely going to challenge Fate and make his life what it was meant to be, giving him the power he was meant to have.“Would you like a drink?” Stark asked him then, standing behind the bar, as if Loki were a welcome guest. Very threatening, indeed; Stark was trying to mellow him, so that he could convince him to stop his invasion of Midgard. Stark had been lying. Typical. Loki was not surprised in the least.“Stalling me won’t change anything,” he said, sneering.“No, no, no, threatening! No drink, you’re sure? I’m having one.” The mortal’s apparent lack of fear was annoying, and Loki turned away, gazing at the cityscape. It would not do if his irritation showed on his face – he was in control of this situation, damn the Norns! Stark’s blasé attitude was starting to grate on his nerves! His fist tightened around the sc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slash
Pre-Slash
Soul Bond
Soulmates
Romance
Slow Build
POV Tony Stark
POV Loki
Damn the Norns
Bye bye Stark Tower hello Avengers Tower
Accidental Cuddling
Fate & Destiny
FrostIron - Freeform
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
Jötunn Loki
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Feels
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Post-Avengers (2012)
Hurt/Comfort
Drama
Eventual Happy Ending
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Masturbation
Stupidity
Rhodey the marriage counselor?
Don't copy to another site
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Internalized Homophobia
Shapeshifting

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

