Work Text:

1.
 Steve presses the button next to “P. Coulson” and tucks his hands in his pockets, feeling a little more nervous than is strictly warranted. They’re just hanging out, a couple of guys who have discovered they like one another’s company. But he can’t quite shake the feeling that there’s a little more to it than that, or there could be. There’s no immediate response, and Steve pushes the button again. It’s possible that Phil had to work late, and Steve checks his phone for messages. Finding none, he rocks back on his heels and considers his options. He tries Phil’s cell phone, but it goes straight to voicemail. A middle-aged woman exits, giving him a startled smile. “Are you—” “Steve Rogers, ma’am,” he replies with his most charming smile. “I’m here to visit a friend.” “I don’t suppose you’d mind giving me an autograph,” she says with a hopeful expression. “For my son?” “Happy to,” Steve replies, and she digs around in her purse for something for him to write on and with. He scrawls his signature, which is a practiced gesture by now, and she thanks him profusely. “My son is going to flip,” she enthuses, opening the front door for Steve. “Have a great evening.” “You, too,” Steve replies sincerely. “Thanks.” “No, thank you,” she says, and Steve escapes inside, wondering if he should wear a disguise in the future, although being recognized worked for him tonight. Phil lives in a pre-war building in Morningside Heights, with red brick exterior and a tiled lobby with a bank of locked mailboxes. The elevator creaks a bit as it takes Steve up to the fourth floor, and the gilded fixtures are flaking a bit. Steve can’t help but feel at home, because while he’s sure this building would have been too nice for a poor kid from Brooklyn when he was a kid, it still looks familiar. He finds it strangely appropriate that Phil would live here, in a building like this, and he can’t help but compare it to Stark Tower, and its sleek, modern Penthouse, or the shabby walkup where Steve still lives. Then again, all those places feel like home to him, just in very different ways. Steve knocks on Phil’s door and gets no answer, which isn’t a surprise, considering that he hadn’t buzzed Steve in. Now that he’s standing here, Steve has no idea what to do; he hadn’t really thought this far ahead when he’d been standing outside in the chilly fall air. Just for something to do, Steve calls Phil again, and it goes directly to voicemail. It’s just not like Phil to stand someone up without so much as a word, and if it’s a job that’s keeping him busy, Steve should know about it. Hell, the whole team would know about it. Following his gut, Steve calls Bruce, who answers immediately. “I’m not bothering you, am I?” Steve asks. Bruce’s voice is warm with amusement when he says, “I wouldn’t have answered if you were going to bother me. What’s up?” “I was supposed to meet Phil at his place to hang out,” Steve explains awkwardly. “He’s not here, or he’s not answering his door, or his phone. I just—I’m worried.” “It’s not like Phil to miss a date,” Bruce agrees. “I can track the GPS on his phone, although if he’s not with his phone, that’s not going to help much.” Steve shrugs, knowing Bruce can’t see him, and focuses on the faded blue paint in the hallway, and the cracks in the plaster. “It gives us a place to start.” “Lucky for you, Tony is paranoid and likes to keep tabs on everybody on the team,” Bruce replies. “It’s not going to take me long.” Steve laughs. “Lucky that Tony spies on his own team?” “I wouldn’t say he’s spying exactly,” Bruce hedges, and Steve hears the sound of typing. Tony doesn’t use a keyboard, but Bruce tends to favor them. “I’d say that he wants to make sure he can track us down if something happens.” “And that includes Phil?” Steve asks. Bruce hums in agreement. “I don’t think Tony’s forgiven him for dying yet. At least, he’s not going to forget it in this lifetime.” Steve winces at the reminder but doesn’t reply. He doesn’t much like the idea of anything happening to Phil. “All right, I’ve got it,” Bruce says, and then there’s a long, pregnant pause. “Doesn’t Phil live in Morningside Heights?” Steve swallows. “Why?” “Because his phone is there,” Bruce replies. “Unless he’s somewhere else in the building, he’s in his apartment.” Steve has a sudden fear that Phil is sick, or maybe injured, and he says, “I’m going to break down the door. I’ll call you in a few minutes, okay?” “Be careful,” Bruce replies, and Steve hangs up. He tries the door first, and when he finds it locked, he puts his shoulder to the door and shoves hard, hearing the frame splinter. It’s the first time Steve has been in Phil’s apartment, and he looks around the front hall, at the cream-colored walls and scarred wooden floor, leading into a living room with leather furniture that looks well worn. There are a few art prints on the walls, along with a collection of World War II propaganda posters, which Steve takes in very quickly. There’s a low 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Age Regression/De-Aging

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

