Chapter 1





Chapter Text
See, here’s the thing.  Here’s the motherfucking thing: Captain America is goddamned amazing.  There’s no getting around that.  We’re talking a sight to behold, real ‘you have to see it to believe it’ kind of shit.  When Rumlow had first been assigned to Cap’s team, he’d been so sure that he was going to hate it.  Seriously, the guy is like a hundred years old—literally—and a living, breathing example of all that a hero should aspire to be: brave, strong, noble, and goddamned beautiful.  Rumlow had grown up in the dirty streets knowing all about Captain America and how Rumlow wasn’t ever going to be good enough to live up to that ideal.  Spent his life utterly failing.  Then he’d found Hydra and had learned all kinds of new and interesting things about America’s WWII icon, but it didn’t matter because the Captain was long gone, lost years ago in the ice.Until he wasn’t.  And Pierce had put Rumlow on his goddamned team.  So, yeah, Rumlow had gone in expecting to just loathe the guy.  He’d met the man, took in the perfect face and the blue eyes and ‘yes, sir, anything you say’ attitude and thought that, yeah, Captain America was the prettiest son of a bitch Rumlow had ever seen and Rumlow definitely hated him.And then the guy had jumped out of a plane without a parachute.  Rumlow’s stomach had dropped onto the floor and he’d damned near pissed himself.  Because, yeah, enemy of Hydra and all but, fuck, he’d just watched a man commit suicide in front of him—and a national icon at that.  They really should have put Cap through a few more psych evals because that polar ice must have done a number on him and how was Rumlow going to explain this to the higher ups?  That he’d just totally let their walking monument to American greatness off himself by jumping out of a plane?  Hydra was going to be delighted.  The rest of SHIELD, not so much.He’d stared out at where Cap was plummeting, watched him disappear under the water—and then, impossibly, watched him start to swim.  Rumlow had felt ready to piss himself again because, Jesus, he was supposed to one day fight that?  The man was goddamned Captain America and he’d just given a giant middle finger to gravity.  Then he’d gotten down to where Rogers was to find out that Rogers had already taken out the advanced guard, leaving Rumlow and his crew just some light clean-up, and Rumlow’s pants were suddenly a little tight.  He’d watched Rogers—muscle-bound, beautiful Greek god Rogers, dressed all in his tight, leave nothing to the imagination suit—toss that big heavy shield around like a Frisbee, drop kick a guy down the stairs, and shrug off four big guys like they were water droplets—and he’d thought “God damn, that’s hot.” He’d felt a little blasphemous afterward, the little scrap of good left in him completely outraged by his reaction, but it was mostly drowned out by the throb of his cock because, fuck.  Mortal men weren’t supposed to have an ass like that.  Rogers had done the splits—fucking splits like he was some kind of Olympic gymnast—and taken out two guys at once before bouncing up and continuing on like it was as easy as walking forward.How the hell was Rumlow supposed to hate that?  He couldn’t.  He respected the hell out of it.  He only mouthed the Pledge of Allegiance these days, broke his vows to SHIELD on a weekly basis, but he’d salute Captain America’s fine ass any day of the week, proudly say “God bless America” while he did it.  Hell, if the Captain had asked—not that he would because, yeah, Captain America—Rumlow would have dropped to his knees and started sucking down Rogers’s dick like a man dying of thirst trying to get a water from an empty canteen.And that had only been after the first mission.  Later on, Rumlow had seen Cap wipe out an entire squad on his own, survive a ten story fall without even missing a stride, shrug off a beating that would have killed lesser men, and take out a goddamned helicopter with a motorcycle.  A fucking motorcycle.  Like, he’d just picked it up and tossed it like a baseball.  And right after that, he’d told a senator, in the nicest, politest, most Captain America way, to fuck off.  If Rumlow were the type, he’d have been in love.So, yeah, when Pierce had told him that he needed to go down and arrest Steve Rogers before he left the building, Rumlow had been having a little crisis of faith.  He’s not going to lie, his knees had done a little knocking.  Cripes.  He was supposed to do what now?  He was scared shitless because, God, Cap was going to break him—just get him between those two highly toned thighs and squeeze and that would be the end of one Brock Rumlow (but, oh, what a way to go).  And, hell, some part of Rumlow wanted Cap to keep doing what he was doing, being Captain fucking America because hate him or love him, you had to respect his work.  Rumlow was willing to bet that even Johann Schmidt would pop a stiffie watching Captain America in action.There was a darker, deeper par
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Claiming
Rape/Non-con Elements
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow

