Work Text:
Like most things in Matt’s life lately, it's Danny's fault.Well, maybe that's not fair. He didn't exactly encourage every mystical whack-job in two dimensions to come after him trying to steal the power of the Iron Fist. But after they've managed to fight off the third evil wizard who's attacked New York—and Matt has confirmed that yes, he really does hate magic—they decide to go see that Dr. Strange guy in the Village to see if he can help mask Danny's presence in the city.”Shroud my aura,” is how Danny explains it to Strange once they're there."Take him off the Hogwarts phone tree before I strangle him," is how Jessica puts it.Luke and Matt are mostly silent. Luke doesn't like magic any more than Matt does. "I've been to K'un Lun and it's stupid," he offered once over a beer, and that seemed to be all he cared to say on the matter.So Strange is hovering in the lotus position and doing something that makes all the hairs stand up on the back of Matt's neck—and which, judging by the gasps from the others, entails some kind of light show—when Danny starts poking around the objects in Strange's curio cabinet, which going by smell are very curious indeed."Are those dragon scales?" Danny asks, bending to look at them and knocking some kind of glass ball off its pedestal in the process."Danny, careful—!" Matt says, lunging to catch the ball. It lands safely in his palms, which are suddenly suffused with warmth, like he's stepped into a hot bath.Strange freezes. "Uh oh."Matt straightens up. "What uh oh?""Er. Did that just glow pink?"Matt turns helplessly towards Luke. "As a little girl's lunchbox," Luke confirms."What does that mean?" Matt asks Strange."Well, that depends," Strange says, unfolding his legs and letting his feet touch the floor again. Matt gets the distinct impression Strange is hedging. "Are you currently suffering heartbreak?"Matt very carefully doesn't think about Elektra. Or Karen. Or Foggy. "Let's leave my personal life out of this."Strange clears his throat. "Yes, well, that option may no longer be on the table."Matt really hates magic.***The first thing Strange does is order everyone out of the room. That suits Matt fine, if there's going to be talk of his heartbreak, the others don't need to witness it. The second thing Strange does is throw open a cabinet, reach for something round and metal, and handcuff himself to the radiator.Matt puts the ball back on the stand and wipes his hands on his thighs."I assure you, this is only a precaution," Strange says, reaching a hand out to him."I'm not comforted," Matt replies. "What did that ball do to me?""I've heard it called many things. The Orb of Rejoicing, Love's Journey's End, and," he coughs, and it's an embarrassed sound, "The Plenty of Fish Ball.""That tells me less than nothing," Matt grits out."In the coming days, you may be...inconvenienced...by a...certain...level of...amorous..."Matt throws up his hands. "Stop pausing!""Attention!" Strange cries. "The orb seeks to heal your heartbreak by showing you other possibilities for love."He could strangle the wizard, couldn't he just. "I didn't want that!"Strange shrugs. "Magic isn't always considerate," he admits. "You know, you have..." Strange pulls at the cuffs, "beautiful eyes.""I'm wearing a mask. You can't see them.""I can see everything about you, Matthew. So much pain, so much love you're afraid to show. I could be of such help to you." His arm is twisted behind him and he's straining towards Matt, the handcuff clacking over the metal of the radiator.The doorknob hits Matt in the back. "I think you're married.""She's open-minded," Strange says. His voice has lost its booming gravitas. It sounds breathy and wheedling. It's so off-putting."I'm leaving. I'm just." Matt shakes his head. "Leaving." He throws open the door and shuts it on Strange's cry of, "but darling!"In the large and echoing foyer of Strange's house, Jessica, Luke, and Danny are fighting. Not the sort of real fighting that ends up in concrete dust all over the floor and Claire sighing frustratedly into someone's head wound, but head-locking, rib-elbowing, hair-pulling stuff that makes Matt blink."I met him first!" hisses Jessica, her elbow braced around Danny's throat."I'll take better care of him!" Danny huffs, kicking at her shins."Neither of you understand romance!" yells Luke, prying them apart. His heart jumps when he sees Matt, standing slump-shouldered and bewildered at the Defenders rolling around on the floor like scuffling kids in the schoolyard."Hi, Matt!" he says, and Matt can hear the wide—oh god—lovesick smile.Danny and Jessica clamber off the floor—Luke did throw them both several feet—and their hearts give happy little puppy-dog wiggles in their chest."Hi, Matt!" Danny says, like an excited little kid. Jess licks her lips at him. Matt back hits the door. He's trapped.***"What's up, guys?" he tries, aiming for casual and missing by a mile."You could be," Jessica says."That is a terrible pickup line,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Round Robin
Love Potion/Spell

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

