Work Text:
Laura: Why is there a 20,000 sq. ft. bouncy castle in our yard?
Tony: The real question is, why WASN’T there one before.
Laura: Tony.
Tony: Yes?
Laura: …
Tony: … How do you make silence over text seem threatening? Is that a mom thing?
Cooper: Yep it’s a mom thing.
Cooper: But this bouncy castle is so cool! It’s really a castle mom!
Peter: Castle? We got a castle? I wanna see!
Cooper: [picture sent]
Cooper: [picture sent]
Laura: Is that a swimming pool? Tony, how did you even get a swimming pool in a bouncy castle?
Peter: I’m coming over!
Tony: I’m an engineer. I build things. The real conspiracy would be if I didn’t get a swimming pool in the bouncy castle.
Laura: /facepalm/
Rhodey: Tony… Is because of what Lila said last week?
Tony: What… Rhodey-bear… I have no idea what you’re talking about.
Laura: Rhodey… What did Lila say?
Rhodey: She may have been reading a story book and mentioned that it’s not fair only royalty gets to live in castles.
Laura: Oh my god, Tony!
Tony: I REGRET NOTHING!
Tony: Besides, she’s our princess and she deserves it.
Cooper: If Lila gets a castle, can I get a super cool treehouse?
Cooper: Like the kind that Phineas and Ferb built?
Tony: THAT!
Laura: Tony, no.
Tony: That is brilliant!
Laura: Tony, you will not build fighting treehouses.
Tony: :(
Cooper: :(
Peter: :(
Rhodey: :(
Laura: Rhodey!
Rhodey: You have to admit, the idea is really cool.
Laura: I am the only adult in this family.
Bruce: You still have me.
Tony: Traitor!
Laura: Can you talk Tony out of building sentient treehouses?
Tony: Who said anything about them being sentient?
Rhodey: …
Bruce: …
Laura: …
Tony: …
Tony: Okay fine, but they would only be semi-sentient at most.
Cooper: Lila likes the castle!
Cooper: [picture sent]
Harley: You guy’s got a castle with a ball pit?
Peter: And swimming pool!
Cooper: And we’re building fighting tree houses!
Harley: I wanna help!
Harley: Dad can I come over next weekend?
Laura: I thought we just agreed that we weren’t building sentient tree houses.
Peter: But, dad said we could!
Laura: Tony, no.
Tony: … But it would be a great learning experience.
Peter: Yeah!
Harley: Exactly!
Cooper: C’mon mom, please?
Bruce: I’ll supervise if that helps?
Laura: Fine. Bruce, please make sure that they’re not sentient.
Tony: Yes! We got mom’s approval kids!
Peter: And Harley can come over next weekend, right?
Laura: Yes, if it’s okay with his mom.
Tony: I’ll send the Stark jet to pick you up H.
Harley: Woo!
Rhodey: Now that that’s settled, how are we gonna drag the kids out of there for breakfast?
Tony: I didn’t put a lounge in that place for no reason. We don’t have to drag them out, we just bring the breakfast in.
Laura: We?
Rhodey: We?
Tony: Wow, fine, just me I guess.
…
Laura: Okay, I have to admit, the bouncy castle is really neat.
Bruce: You could actually live in here.
Rhodey: Let it never be said that Tony does anything half-way.
Laura: Speaking of… Where did he go?
Bruce: Found him, and the kids.
Rhodey: Where?
Bruce: In the trampoline room. He’s trapped.
Laura: Trapped?
Bruce: The kids created a cuddle pile, and he’s in the center of it.
Bruce: [picture sent]
Laura: That is possibly one of the most adorable things I have ever seen.
Bruce: I think I’m going to follow their lead.
Rhodey: Same. Y’know there’s bedrooms in here? I don’t know what he made this stuff out of, but it’s really comfortable.
Laura: I can’t believe this is my life.
Rhodey: Better get used to it. Did I tell you about the time he bought my mom an island?
Laura: Somehow, I feel like that’s the bare minimum he would do for the people he loves.
Bruce: Well, you’re not wrong.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
dad tony stark
Dad!Tony
Family
Group chat
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Does What He Wants

fandom: 
None
