Chapter 1: The Mission
    




Chapter Text
The Asset did not question orders. He carried out his orders given to him in Russian without a second thought, until it is time to go to sleep again. Not once has he hesitated, nor shown any remorse towards any of the targets he was sent to eliminate or capture. Never let their begging sway him from the mission, never blinked when a mother cried for her child and he definitely never had any other thoughts about his targets apart from the mission parameters.
That was until the mission he was now on.
Stalking his target through the shadows, he was simply put confused. He had been woken up and given strict orders for a capture mission. He was to be sent to Beacon Hills and capture Mieczysław "Stiles" Stilinski, age 17, alive and unharmed. He had been told that if any harm came to the target, he was to be punished, put in the chair for an unspecified amount of time. That had sparked an interest in the Asset, for the target to be so valuable to his masters, yet he could see nothing remarkable in the mission file he had been handed about the kid.
He had been following the boy around for a week in order to establish his routine so that he could be taken with the minimum force and he could not seem to find one. The boy skipped school, drove around town seemingly randomly and wandered around the woods till odd hours of the night. The only constant thing about the boy was that he was always alone. He was avoided by other teenagers and the people who did try and talk to him were ignored until they left him alone.
Over the course of the week, he had learned that the boy in front of him was not the same one from his mission file. The file has shown that the boy was intelligent, yet sarcastic as suggested from his schoolwork. That boy was full of life and energy, mainly from his ADHD and was highly uncontrollable and unable to keep still. However, watching his target stumble through the woods, he could see that he boy was spiralling into depression from the lifeless, dejected look in his eyes. The stoic way he would sit in his car for hours just staring at random places such as the hospital and police station, contradicted the manic energy his file had implied. The target was a mystery and was causing strange thoughts to float through the Asset’s mind.
What had changed from the time the file had been created to now?
But a mission was a mission and the Asset could tell that his handler was getting annoyed with his lack of progress in securing the target.
Watching from afar, the Asset saw the moment that the boy collapsed by a large tree stump, as if he had lost the will to keep going. Deciding now was the best moment to strike, he pulled out the sedative that had been given to him to take out the target. Stealthily moving over the leaves that had fallen due to it being Autumn, he approached from behind the target, moving closer with each passing breath. This was almost certainly one of the easiest missions he had been sent on and the target would not even be aware what was happening until it was too late.
Yet when he has 10 feet away, the boy stiffened and said in a cold, detached voice that froze the Asset in place with shock.
“If you’re here to kill me then just make it quick, I don’t have it in me to fight anymore.”
Frozen in place the Asset stared at the boy’s back in confusion. What 17 year old just sat and waited to be killed? How had the boy even known he was approaching? He wanted to leave the preserve in order to regroup his thoughts, to decide how best to carry out the mission. Yet he was unable to move, fighting the urges to either gather the boy in his arms and shake some life back into him or to stick the needle in his neck and finish the mission.
The target turned around and stared at him with dead eyes that seemed to be waiting for him to act.
“Are you going to get on with it then?”
The Asset shook his head and stepped closer, unknowingly bringing the sedative into view.
Seeing the sedative in his hand the boy simply took a breath and asked, “That for me?”
A nod and the boy stood, walking to the Asset until he was arm's length away. Without a flicker of fear, he looked into the Asset’s eyes, searching for something.
“That look in your eyes, the one that says you’re haunted by your action. Does it ever go away?”
The Asset flinched slightly. He could understand it a bit better now. The boy had the same look in his eyes. For what reason he did not know, but now he understood that the boy had seen or done things that he felt guilty for. Shaking his head slightly in answer, the boy let out a humourless laugh and seemingly deflated, as if the will to live had truly been extinguished.
“Do it. I can’t stay here anymore. I’m a monster and deserve whatever punishment or treatment necessary. No one here will even notice I’m gone and even if they did I won’t be missed.”
Moving forward the Asset plunged the sedative into the boy’s neck and released the contents, causing the ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Scott McCall/Kira Yukimura
Stiles Stilinski & The Avengers
Stiles Stilinski & Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Hurt Stiles
Post-Nogitsune Stiles Stilinski
Nogitsune
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers Family
Post-Season/Series 03
AU after that
WIP
Phil Coulson is Stiles Stilinski's Uncle
Scott is a Bad Friend
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Avengers
Emotional Hurt
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
this could go anywhere
Elements of Some Marvel Films After Avengers
Slow Burn
Magic
Flashbacks
Kidnapped Stiles
Team as Family
possible happy ending
Extremis
Suicidal Thoughts
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Major character death - Freeform
I would apologise
But They're A Necessary Evil

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Scott McCall/Kira Yukimura
Stiles Stilinski & The Avengers
Stiles Stilinski & Phil Coulson

