Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Rhodey, I’m flying death stick!”“TONY!”“Rhodey! I-I’m falling! I lost control of the suit!”“FRIDAY! Do something!”“I can’t, Colonel! I’ve lost all contact and control of the Iron Man suit!”“TON-!”The Iron Man suit crashes.-{}-“I’m sorry, I-” is as far as Wilson gets to say, before a repulsor to the chest sends him flying a good twenty feet and knocks him down.Rhodey slowly lifts himself up, and he looks more imposing than normal in the War Machine suit, without his helmet off. He watches as the chopper flies off, with his unconscious best friend in it; and prays for Tony to be alright.“Sir, we’ve got Hawkeye, Scarlet Witch and Ant-Man secured.” He hears through his auxiliary comm (Tony always tells him to use one in case the helmet or the suit gets compromised).“Good. I have Falcon knocked out here.” He pauses a moment, to take a deep breath. Introducing a quick code on his left gauntlet, Natasha’s earpiece disconnects from theirs. “Arrest Black Widow too, Commander Hain. She aided Rogers and Barnes in their escape.” He adds, and after a soft surprised gasp from the woman, she answers.“Copy that, Colonel.”He switches the comm off and after putting on his helmet; he takes off after the helicopter. -{}-“He hasn’t waked up yet?” Rhodey asks a nurse, looking through the glass where Tony’s being examined.“No, Sir. It might take a while. With these types of lesions…” The blond nurse looks at him with pity in his eyes for a second and then walks away.Rhodey feels Vision as he stands at his side, also looking at Tony.“How could this happen?” he hisses, glaring at the android. Vision flinches minutely.“I became distracted.” He answers, not lowering his gaze from the harsh Colonel’s eyes, even if he wants to.“Distracted? I didn’t know that was possible.” Says Jim; still so, so angry.“Neither did I.” The android states and his crestfallen expression makes Rhodey realize his anger shouldn’t be aimed at Vision, but at someone else. He quickly leaves the room. In the hallway, he puts on his earpiece.“Before you take the prisoners to whatever jail is going to actually contain them; I want to talk to Romanoff.” He says into his comm.“She is restrained in a truck along with Barton and Maximoff. Letting her out would be too much of a risk.” Answers Everett Ross.“Then don’t let her out. I’ll go where the truck is, and talk to her through the door.” Jim states, and Ross sighs, but acquiesces.“Alright. I can get you ten minutes.”“Oh, don’t worry. What I have to say won’t take that long.”-{}-On his way to the parking lot, FRIDAY shows him a report. He curses, and his rage augments.It’s luck, he guesses, that Wilson and Lang, considered the least threatening without their equipment, are already in the Raft. One of them (more likely Wilson) will give him the information he needs. But first, he has something to take care of.-{}-When the outer door of the back of the truck opens, two of the prisoners look up. The electric fence is still on, maintaining the white, bluish glow of the undercurrents of energy. Wanda’s head is in Barton’s shoulder; she looks asleep. The collar in her neck is on too, and there’s a complex straight jacket on her. Rhodey does kind of feel sorry for her, but (even if it’s not completely fair) he guesses this is payback for locking the Avengers (locking Tony) in their worst fears and making the team live through them; for destroying people’s lives in a tantrum when she was working with a crazy murder robot, and having a hand (then hiding it) in creating said murder robot. It’s her turn to feel helpless and terrified. Barton’s hands are cuffed together with a special kind restrains, they look like mitts but are made of a stronger material; they were designed to prevent the wearer of using their hands to escape and/or grab something as a weapon. His feet are cuffed to the floor of the truck with some magnetic charge. Romanoff has a similar pair of mitts on her hands, but hers are filled with a numbing agent so that she cannot feel her hands at all. Her ankles are tied to each other, and those bonds are connected to her waist and from then to her wrists and to her neck. The material used, although flexible, is one that not even the Hulk could break easily. Natasha also has a nice shiner on the right side of her face, dry blood over the cut on her eyebrow and a split lip. Rhodey suddenly feels a pang of appreciation and respect towards Commander Hain.Clint looks defiant and angry. Natasha has a blank face, and empty eyes; but her posture shows pride, not regret. Jim hates that she can is so calm when his best friend is lying on a hospital bed because of her.“I hope you’re happy. It’s my best friend who is in there, not yours. Not Cap’s. It’s Tony. You know, the guy you were supposed to back up?” Says Rhodey, rage barely contained; body vibrating with fury.“Steve was not gonna stop.” Says Natasha, like that explained something.“So you… let them go.” Rhodey states, hoping that making her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Major Character Injury
Physical Disability
BAMF Rhodey
Rhodey Feels
Minor James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers is a Moron
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
not team Cap friendly
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Avengers Team

