Chapter 1: the wrong reasons
    




Chapter Text
Peter has been with Wade long enough that he’s not particularly surprised to be awoken just past two in the morning by a knock at his bedroom window.   Wade is notorious for late night appearances, showing up in the wee hours of the morning and cajoling Peter to join him at some greasy 24/7 restaurant or play the latest shoot-em-up videogame.Groggily, Peter sits up and turned on the lamp.  Sure enough, a familiar red and black figure looms in his window, illuminated by the glow of the city lights.  Peter pads over to the window and opened it, and is met with a gust of cold air.“I’m sorry.  I know it’s late, but I really wanted to see you.”Blinking as his eyes adjust to the light, Peter forces himself to focus.  His stomach twists slightly; it’s not spidey sense, but something deeper.  A base instinct.  Something’s not right. Wade is rarely this straightforward and plainspoken.  When was the last time he had greeted Peter with something other than a joke or a laugh or a dumb nickname?  Something about the way he’s crouched on the fire escape was wrong, too.  Wade usually carries himself with a certain bravado, shoulders pulled back and chin lifted.  But now his arms are hugged around himself, body trying to become as small as possible.“It’s okay.  Come on in.”Peter extends his hand and helps Wade through the window.  He obviously doesn’t need assistance, agile fighter that he is, but he accepts it anyway.  Another bad sign.Wade stands stiffly by the window, looking around the room.  He keeps moving his arms – first crossed, the clasped in front of him, then on his hips, then crossed again – clearly not knowing what to do with them.  Gone is the carefree confidence, the wacky humor.  It’s like someone else was inhabiting his body.“Did something happen tonight?”Wade won’t appreciate the prying, but Peter has to try anyway. “Yes.”Again, unusually straightforward.“Will you tell me about it?”Then the dam opens.“I was just out, doing patrols and whatnot, trying to be a good hero.  You’re a good hero, Petey, and you do patrols all the time, and I was just trying to be like you.  It was still relatively early, I had just broken up a minor gang skirmish – I hardly had to hurt anyone, just scare ‘em away.  Because that’s what good heroes do.  So I was sitting on a rooftop, and next thing I knew, half a dozen guys caught me by surprise.  They clearly knew what they were doing, had me bound and gagged before I could even react.  I was almost impressed, but then they shot me with something.  Must’ve been strong, probably would have killed a regular person, because it knocked me out long enough for them to get me to an empty warehouse.When I came to, I was tied to a chair and they were sticking another needle in my neck.  Said it was truth serum or something.  Sounded like a load of bullshit to me – even if a truth serum existed, it’s not likely I’d be affected, what with my healing factor.  But it must’ve been integral to the plot, because it worked.  They started asking me questions, questions I didn’t want to answer, about the Weapon X program and some missions I ran before I met you and other ugly shit and I couldn’t control myself.  I just spewed, kinda like I’m doing now.  It was really scary.  Then they said they wanted information on Spider-Man, but there’s no fucking way I was gonna tell them anything about you.  I was just gonna bite my tongue off if they started asking me anything, because I wouldn’t betray you, not ever.  I’d die first.But before they could start in on the questions, one of the goons walked behind me.  My hands were bound behind my back, and he was close enough that I could grab the gun tucked into the back of his jeans.  It was stupid, really, to get the gun that close to me.  These guys were supposed to be professionals.  So I shot the guy in the fucking kneecap with his own gun, which I gotta admit was satisfying, and while everyone was distracted, I smashed the chair and got outta the restraints and I fought my way out.  But I don’t think I gave anyone fatal injuries.  I tried really hard not to, because I wanted you to be proud of me.  But whatever serum shit they drugged me with is making me feel really weird and jumpy and bad, so I came here to see you.  Because seeing you always makes me feel better.”Peter’s head spins at the speed of the story and the uncomfortable level of honesty.  Truth serum and kidnapping and Wade prepared to bite his tongue off?  Peter forces himself to take deep breaths and suppresses the urge to lie back down in his bed and pretend this is all a dream.  Because the first order of business is to make sure Wade is okay.  He can’t die, not really, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t frightened or in pain.Peter approaches him, keeping his movements slow and predictable, like he’s dealing with an injured animal.“Why don’t we start by getting you out of your suit and into some more comfortable clothes?  I think you’ve sti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Truth Serum
Hurt/Comfort
Established Relationship
Confessions
basically wade spilling his guts about all his past trauma
reference to suicide
Reference to Torture
reference to a lot of bad stuff in general
Love Confessions
Angst
with a tiny bit of fluff thrown in there at the end

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

