Chapter 1: What Are You
    




Chapter Text
Steve hadn’t been de-iced for more than two weeks, and he was on a crumbling street in New York City, fighting another army. From outer space. Yeah, sure. It’s fine, it’s fine.It was taking every ounce of his brain power and lagging energy to stay in the fight. It was brutal and bloody and exactly like what he’d left back in Europe, except for the parts that weren’t. Civilians screaming as buildings crashed down around them. Men in uniform running to and fro, some of them trying to help, some of them panicking just like the rest. Guns that fired energy instead of lead and burned like the heat of the sun when his shield didn’t stop them in time from grazing him.Aliens getting goo on his fucking spandex.Yeah, this was fine.Steve charged a small party of fucking aliens with his shield up like a battering ram and bowled several of them over, taking advantage of their bulky body armor to crunch their faces and necks – Jesus he hoped those were their necks – while they were down and struggling like upended turtles.Even the aliens had body armor.He could hear the carnage both in his earpiece and on the streets around him. His teammates, well, his new teammates, anyway, doing their best against the constant influx of new Chitauri streaming through the portal in the sky.“I didn’t sign up for this shit,” Steve muttered as he gazed up at the hole in the world.A soft chuckle came against his ear. “Yeah, Cap. And I did?”Steve squinted into the sky to see Hawkeye perched on the edge of a building, arrows flying rapid-fire from his bow. Neat trick.“You’ve got me there,” Steve huffed as he turned to glance down the street he’d just massacred a bunch of aliens on. Gross.Civilians were being herded away, toward the basements and subways, by a string of harried-looking NYPD. Two of the smaller flying machines whizzed over them, strafing the empty street, making a line for where Steve stood in his goddamn neon multi-colored dancing monkey suit it wasn’t even armored Jesus Christ, and Steve slammed the edge of the shield into the street, ducking behind it and playing turtle as the shots ate up the pavement on their way to him.“Fucking Christ, you moron, at least dodge them!” a voice shouted from his right. Steve was too busy ducking for his life to glance over at the peanut gallery right then, but he got the feeling whoever had just shouted at him would look great with a black eye or two. Or hell, what did Steve know anymore, maybe he had three eyes and Steve could give him an extra.The strafing fliers sped past overhead, Steve untouched but the street around him busted all to hell. He stood and straightened his spine, spinning to face the banking flying . . . things. Were they planes? He’d call them planes until someone told him different. The Chitauri had to go high in order to make the tight turns, and Steve readied himself for their return, clutching his shield and preparing to throw it at what he was pretty sure was the engine. A nice bank and he’d be able to hit both of them.God. Maybe the future had alcohol strong enough to get him drunk after this.As the strafing started up again, defiling the street in ways New Yorkers had never thought to try, a figure wrapped in black strode purposefully to the middle of the street, twenty yards in front of Steve, carrying what looked like one of the Chitauri’s giant rifle laser gun thingies.“Get back!” Steve called over the roar of battle and blood in his ears. He couldn’t just stand there and watch some stupid civvie get himself blown up, but he was almost too stunned to move as he watched the man.“Listen, pal,” the guy called over his shoulder, like he was walking in the goddamn park. The goddamn park was twenty blocks east, okay. “This is my city, too.” He walked with a hint of a swagger, or maybe it was a limp. Steve thought he was probably almost the same size as Steve was, but he looked bigger, what with the body armor he was covered in. Body armor. Novel idea, SHIELD, let’s give that a try next time, huh?The man planted himself in the middle of the street and hefted the long, evil-looking rifle to his shoulder. He was calm and collected as the Chitauri’s shots rattled ever closer to his feet. Steve gaped. “What the hell are you?” he breathed out loud."What was that, Cap?” Hawkeye asked in his ear.“I think I hit my head,” Steve mumbled back.And then the man fired twice, two quick, electric pops. The engines Steve had been intending to aim for both burst into flame, one after the other, and the two flying motorcycle planes careened wildly, drifting into one another and exploding in the air in an impressive fireball of alien guts. The wreckage hit the street and began to barrel end over end toward the sniper – because that’s definitely what he was, Steve had known many of them in the War and they all had that is-it-a-swagger-or-is-it-a-limp-but it’s-definitely-a-swagger. The man merely stood and watched, his muscles tight and tense bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes and Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes and Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Modern Bucky Barnes
listen pal
Sergeant Barnes is Done With Your Shit Steve
I swear to God this is not crack
Avengers AU
I guess? idfk
Clint has a crush and he has zero chill
Steve has a bigger crush and he left all his chill in the ice
Steve is also Done with a capital D
Misunderstandings
resulting in intense hatred
enemies to hate sex
enemies to wary friends to lovers who still sort of hate each other?
Enemies to Lovers
stuck with a baby trope
sex pollen trope
cuddle spores
blatant disrespect of a man's motorcycle
Steve you ding dong
PR nightmares in the form of super soldiers
Steve the exhausting boyfriend
giant fucking bugs
breaking up
fake relationship trope
Steve being a self-sacrificing dillhole
Making Up
Bucky hate-fucking Steve for being a self-sacrificing dillhole
a mere glancing blow from an undercover op trope
bucky barnes has cat-like reflexes
mystical mystery mist
a small bad guy massacre
alternate dimension trope
steve the doublemint dorito
Sassy Steve Rogers
sassy sea-salt cupcake bucky barnes
sassy errbody
stevus interruptus
a bucky's job in every universe is to save a steve from his own mind
unnecessary comparisons to animal planet during sexy times
Stockholm Syndrome 101 with Bucky Barnes
the lightest of sensual caresses from an identity porn trope
Thor's utter lack of respect for the fourth wall
magnetic attraction
brOTP Barnes/WIlson
deux ex buckina

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes and Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes and Sam Wilson

