Work Text:

“Mr. Stark,” Steve began. “I think it would be best if you avoided any personal contact to ambassadors from the nine realms. It is not that we don’t value your insight, but your manner can be a little…”

“Erratic?” helped Natasha, her face blank with a faint hint of amusement in her eyes.

“Yes, Friend Stark,” Thor chimed in earnestly. “As you might remember, our first encounter was not very level-headed.”

“You basically landed on top of the helicarrier, buddy. You did not make your intentions clear, and I was the only guy that could have stopped you at that moment. We will know about the arrival of the ambassadors. I want to be there as a negotiator.”

“Mr. Stark, you are an industrialist and the owner of one of the most powerful companies in the world. Having you here negotiating with the ambassadors from other worlds is unacceptable. Every ethics committee would be appalled at the mere suggestion,” said Mitchell O’Connell, one of the UN representatives.

“I’m not going to profit from this. I’d be here as a Consultant of SHIELD and the Avengers Initiative. I need to look at the tech and/or material they offer and the weapons they bring because I’m in charge of the Avengers’ safety. I can’t do my job if I don’t know what I’m dealing with.”

“We can take care of ourselves, Stark,” said Clint. “No offense, but… while I really appreciate the gear, we are doing just fine without it.”

“I’m aware of that. Nevertheless…”

“Stark,” Fury interrupted with a long-suffering sigh. “We’ll give you any material that they provide ASAP. Stay on the grounds if you wish, but do not get close to our visitors. I’m aware that you can charm any crowd, and the press, and business partners, but this mission is vital, and you are a loose canon.”

“Nick, come on!” Tony’s eyes blazed. Thankfully, he was not the kind of person whose face reddened when they were angry (and embarrassed, or defensive). “When was the last time I was being abrasive and unhinged?”

“When you met either one of us?” suggested Natasha.
He met her when he was dying, Barton was a smartass and Steve was Captain America (which still meant more to Tony than he could put into words).
“Bruce, was I being abrasive when I met you?”

He distinctly remember shaking hands with his favorite lab partner; and complimenting his work.

“Uh…” muttered Bruce, avoiding their looks as he started to clean his glasses. Tony’s stomach lurched.

“You poked him in the side with an electric pen,” Steve answered for Bruce.

“I just wanted to show…”

“You poke things and people to see what happens, Stark. You stress-test everything,” said Natasha. “Usually, we don’t mind, but this is important.”

Wanda and Pietro were silent throughout the exchange; it was not a secret that they did not like him. They were loyal to the Avengers Initiative, though. After all, Steve had showed them that what HYDRA did was wrong; Wanda had seen HYDRA’s atrocities through Steve’s and Bucky’s mind. Change of heart aside, that did not mean they had to like the man whose negligence had killed their parents. Wanda looked at him and Tony immediately conceded.

 The Dwarves of Nidavellir were as fearsome and strong as Thor had promised, but not nearly as short as Steve had expected. In fact, he had the feeling they could bench-press him effortlessly if they so wished. As they walked into the conference room, he exchanged glances with his team. They had agreed on Wanda hanging back because of the Dwarves’ mistrust when it came to magic. Natasha was by his side, while Clint was with Wanda. Bruce was with them, mostly as a scientific advisor. Thor walked beside the Dwarves as a mediator.Master Elrik, the chief ambassador looked around and smiled for the first time since his arrival, “Beautiful!” His hands gently caressed the surface of the table. Steve could not really see the appeal. The room was not quite as grey as the usual conference rooms, but it was not decorated like the halls of Asgard either.The party met with Fury, O’Connell and the other ambassadors whose job was to initiate trade with Nidavellir. Firm handshakes were given, hopefully not as firm as the ones Steve had received, and they were invited to sit down. Master Elrik frowned.“Is everyone present?”“This is just an informal meeting, Master Elrik,” said O’Connell. “You will meet with the UN Assembly at another time.”Master Elrik shook his head, “I see your warriors,” he looked at the Avengers, “your commanders and leaders,” he looked at Fury and O’Connell, “the wise,” a respectful bow to Bruce, “and your healers.” Right, Dr. Andrea Heinrich from Germany, was actually a physician, though how the dwarf knew this was a bit of a mystery. “Where are your builders?”Thor decided to get a word in. “Midguardian society greatly respect their builders, Master Elrik. They are wealthy and well-known. However, because they personally gain wealth from what they build, one cannot be favored over the other when it comes to trade.”Nicely done, Thor.“Then w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
alternative universe
Iron Man 1 & 2 compliant
not Avengers compliant
Tony Stark Appreciation
As in: Tony Stark gets credit for what he does
Though not by known characters
Genius Tony Stark

fandom: 
None
