Work Text:
Bucky finally gives in on a Friday night. He's had a few beers, and sitting at home alone on a Friday seems like a good enough reason to call a phone sex line.
He's not the kind of guy who needs to pay someone to get his rocks off. He's always been good with guys, girls, anyone who catches his eye. But since he got back, things have been different. Clint gave him this 1-900 number, scrawled on a torn piece of loose leaf paper. Try this, he said. Clint's special forces, so he gets it, even if he doesn't say it in so many words. Bucky's had that scrap of paper in his pocket for a week. But now he's lonely and horny, and it doesn't seem like such a bad idea.
He dials the number, then realizes he should probably strip down at least a little before he gets on the line and it's all awkward. It feels weird to just get naked, so he shoves his jeans off and pulls off his t-shirt before settling on the bed. Then, there's nothing left to do but hit that green call button. The phone rings for longer than he would have expected, and when it clicks, it's an actual guy, not some menu or operator.
"This is Steve."
"Steve?" Bucky snorts. "What kind of a name is that?"
"...mine?" The guy sounds pretty normal. Nothing breathy or gravelly, like guys in porn. It's actually kind of nice. "May I ask who's calling?"
"Do guys usually give you their real names? I mean, I guess it doesn't matter. I'm Bucky."
"Hi Bucky." This dude is super polite, which is sort of cracking Bucky up. "How can I help you?"
"Get me off?" Bucky sighs and turns the phone to speaker, setting it next to him on the pillow so he can stretch out beside it. "I don't know. It's been a long time. I'm not into any super kinky shit, I just...I've been having a hard time getting out there. I thought this might...help."
"Oh." There's a long pause, and Bucky feels stupid for saying all that, then angry about feeling stupid. Steve must have heard way worse. Actual weirdos call phone sex lines; as far as things go, a kind of angsty veteran has to pretty far down on the list. But then Steve's voice is a little bit lower; just a little, still normal, but it's enough to make Bucky shiver a little. "Sure, I can do that."
"Great." Bucky groans and arches his back, trying to get properly settled. "Tell me what you look like? Want to picture it."
"I, um. I'm blond?" Bucky can hear some shifting on the other end. He wonders if Steve is in some antiseptic call center somewhere, or if he's like a freelancer, taking calls in his pajamas in a trendy studio apartment. He likes the second one better. "Blue eyes. Pale, I guess."
"That's all you're giving me to work with?" Bucky laughs a little and rests his hand on the inside of his thigh, on top of his boxers. Just enjoying the proximity. "C'mon, my imagination isn't that good. Are you tall? Buff?"
"I work out sometimes?"
"God." Bucky closes his eyes so he can picture it all. "You're totally one of those massive Adonises who make the rest of us look bad, and then you're all oh I work out sometimes, aren't you?"
"I wouldn't say that, exactly," Steve says. He sounds a little more comfortable though, like he's settling into the call. "But sure, if you've already decided."
"Yeah, that's good." Bucky runs his thumb idly over his dick, slowly thickening in his boxers. "Are you going to tell me what you're wearing? Do I have to do all the work here?"
"Sorry." Steve laughs softly. "Nothing too sexy. Sweatpants and an undershirt. It's...old, so it's pretty tight."
"Sounds pretty sexy to me." Bucky cups himself properly and groans. "I'm just in my boxers, in case you were wondering. Getting hard for you."
Steve makes a soft appreciative sound. "Me too. For you, I mean."
Bucky can't help but grin, even as he's squeezing his dick. "Yeah, I got it. Promise, I'm smarter than I sound."
"You don't sound dumb, I'm just--" there's more shuffling sounds and then Steve sounds a little breathless. "Sorry. I took my shirt off."
"Nice." Bucky picks his hips up so he can tug his boxers down and kick them off. He leans over to get some lube; he keeps it on top of the nightstand, he lives alone, no shame. It's a pump-top, so he can press it with his thumb and get a good handful. He flops back onto the bed and moans at the first slick stroke. "God, that's good. Keep talking?"
"Yeah. Um, you sound good. Do you want me to tell you what to do, or?"
Bucky usually bristles at orders; he's spent more than enough of his life following them, but he thinks hearing them from this weirdly polite phone sex operator might be nice. "Yeah, do it."
"Keep touching yourself," Steve says. There's almost a little growl under his words, a heat that makes it feel like he's really into it too. The guy's good. "But slow, do it nice and steady. I want you to really savor it."
"Shit." Bucky obeys, loosening his grip and going as slow as he can. Everything is slick, and he wants to get off right now, but this is why he called someone instead of just jerking off alone. "I'm savo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Phone Sex
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Veterans

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

