Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Wade looked up from his beer when a beat up old van rolled to a stop in front of the garage. He didn't bother getting up from his chair, not willing to stand for some lost ass hippie looking for directions. His eyebrow  did raise though, when a lanky brunette stepped out of the passenger side and waved the driver on.After the dust cleared, the man- nah, that's a kid - trekked up the driveway, holding a faded red backpack.“Hey.”“What's up, man?” Wade tipped his beer towards him, noticing that the kid managed to maintain eye contact, even after getting close enough to see the absolute scarred up mess that was his face. “You need a tow from somewhere?”“Uh, what? A tow? No man, I don't have a car.” a nervous smile and Wade kind of hated how much he liked it.“Well, this is a mechanics garage. Why else would you be here unless you had car trouble? Unless--” Wade looked him over and smirked. “I didn't expect my rent-boy to here until Friday night, but I'm not going to argue.”“What?” the brunette laughed, and Wade couldn't help the  interest curling through him at the sound. “No, uh, someone in town said you were looking for an employee? Gave me a ride out here. Wanted to see if you were still looking, or if this was a total waste of my day.”“Employee.” Managing to look over the top disappointed at him  not being the rent boy, Wade drained the rest of his beer. “Not a rent boy. That's a damn shame. Ever thought about pursuing that line of work? I feel like you’d make a killing.”“Well, uh, if you don't give me a job I might actually have to, so maybe give me your number just in case? You know, for future reference?” With a frankly adorable tilt to his head, and a quick bite into about the fullest bottom lip Wade had ever seen, the boy glanced away and glanced back shyly and Wade was  fucked. “You know anything about cars, kid?” He didn't know why he was even asking, the kid looked like he could hardly lift a bag of groceries much less work around a shop, but apparently that didn't matter when you looked like  that , because Wade was asking him anyway.“I--I know a little about a lot of things. I'm a fast learner. And definitely stronger than I look.”“What about office work? Filing, billing, all that shit I’m too lazy to do.”“Yeah. Yeah I can do that too!” He ran long thin fingers through just stupidly thick brown hair and shuffled his feet. “Just, whatever, man. I need the job.”“It's yours then.”  Because apparently all it takes is puppy dog brown eyes and a little smile and I turn into a fucking fool. Wade reached back into his cooler for another beer. “You old enough to drink yet?”“Uh, yeah, sure am.” the kid dropped into the seat next to him and Wade rolled his eyes.“I'm gonna pretend I don't know you’re lying and tell you to only drink here and  only if you have a ride back to your house. I'm not gonna be responsible for you drinking and being stupid.”“I'm twenty two, I swear.” He opened the beer and Wade sent him a sideways glance. The bottles definitely weren't twist off, but the kid had popped it like nobodies business.“Stronger than you look.” Wade muttered. “Guess you weren’t lying about that.”“Sorry, what?”“Nothing, man. Nothing. So when can you start?”“Today?” he offered, and Wade shook his head and pointed at the clock that showed it was well past five pm. “Tomorrow?”“Better. Where you staying?”“Um--I just rolled into town so I’m just crashing at the Starbridge Motel and--”“I literally didn't know they rented rooms for longer than an hour.” Wade interrupted and turned his head just enough to see a truly impressive blush spread up and over those crazy sharp cheekbones. “I got a room above the garage. Not much, just a little studio. But it's separate from my place, and quiet. Bathroom, kitchenette. You can stay there if you pay the for the extra electric and water.”“That's it? Just utilities?” he sounded suspicious, and Wade couldn't really blame him. Who got offered a job he wasn't qualified for and a place to stay for a few bucks a months from a stranger with a fucked up face and didn't think it was at least  kind of  suspicious?Ignoring the cautious look on the kids face, Wade just grinned. “Yep. Just take the too good to be true situation like a nice trusting hitch hiker. Sure it's a bad idea, but it will definitely be fun. And if it's not fun, you know damn well it's gonna be interesting.”The boy burst into laughter and Wade felt more than a little relieved that he hadn't run screaming down the driveway. “My house is just there on the other corner of the lot. So if you need anything--” he reached out his large hand to shake and was pleasantly surprised when the slim hand shook back just as firmly. “Name’s Wade, by the way.”“Cool, Wade. I'm Peter Parker.”“Alright Petey-pie, then let’s get a few details straight.” Wade leaned forward, suddenly all seriousness, and Peter put his bottle down nervously.“Alright then. Shoot.”“I don't like to talk about this.” Wade made a circular m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wade Wilson/ Peter Parker
Spiderman/ Deadpool

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
ABO dynamics
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bites
Canon-Typical Violence
Post Deadpool
Post Amazing Spiderman Two
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Kidnapping
Angst
SO MUCH ANGST IM SORRY
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Protective Wade
Dark Peter
tons of fluff
Wade Likes Peters Ass
Hurt Wade
Happily Ever After
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Wall Sex
Shower Sex
Mechanic Wade
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Coming In Pants
Wade Has Issues
Eventual Relationships
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Wade Wilson/ Peter Parker
Spiderman/ Deadpool

