Chapter 1: Defying Expectations...
    




Chapter Text
Huffing, his amber eyes rolling from one over-zealous suitor to the next, Tony could barely suppress a yawn at the latest Colonel’s son (no doubt here thanks to his father’s insistence) who was attempting to bore him to death with stories about his grandpa’s ranch and shooting green-bottles with a pistol or something.“Tony, dear...” his mother warned, her beautiful face painted with all the right products to make her seem at least ten years younger than her true age; “isn’t it wonderful that Spencer, here, has offered you a trip out to the Country?” she asked, her tone insistent.“Yes ma’am” he responded flatly, his hand reaching out to grab and shake the (clearly befuddled, unsure) alpha’s hand; “I really appreciate the offer Spence, truly, I do” he gushed, his tone causing the older man to blush further and his mother’s brow to crease in annoyance. “But, you know how parties are, things to do, people to schmoose” he continued breezily; “so you won’t mind if I shimmy on that way now, will you, cow-poke?” he asked, his legs (encased in bespoke, tailored slacks) already making a move in the opposite direction.“O-oh, err, no... no of course not, Mr Stark, I...”“Now, now, Spence, call me Tony, everyone does” the omega chided with a wink, his smile dazzling as he deftly pulled away from his mother’s (death-like) grasp and began waltzing his way towards the open bar, his hand swiping metaphorical sweat from his brow when he reached there unscathed. “Ugh... J, get me a whisky, double, on the rocks” he sighed, his smile still sparkling regardless of the fatigue that was clearly framing his form; “I can’t believe that this auction only started an hour ago...”“Auction, sir?”“Oh, come off it J” the younger of the two bemoaned, his body slinking into one of the unoccupied bar-stools; “this is like one of those old-fashioned ‘coming out’ parties that Victorian femmes and omegas had to go through, only this time it’s just me in a room full of affluent alphas who are all scenting me to be their mate so that they can get their greedy fingers on Daddy’s money” he sighed.“Come now sir, you have your friends here...”“Not that I can get to them” he cut in, his eyes narrowed; “haven’t you noticed that Smithers has been keeping Rhodey and Pep away from me even before the party started” he said, his tone grumpy despite the charming smile that adorned his features. Ever his mother’s son...“No one will be marrying you off tonight, sir” the older beta stated, his deft, gloved hands passing on a tumbler to his young master’s specifications; “this is just a way for your father to feel more important and for your mother to make a fuss of you, that’s all” he stated pleasantly before leaning forward, his pale blue eyes meeting the omega’s with a soft smile. “It really isn’t so bad, is it? Just a few more hours of being praised and adored and then you can go back to your lab, drag Miss Virginia and Mr Rhodes with you, if you like, and forget about such things until the next mandatory gathering” he soothed.“No one can force you into a decision you don’t want to make, not in this day and age, thank heaven...”“Please excuse my interruption, gentleman, however I couldn’t allow this opportunity to pass.”Turning their heads to the right, their eyes narrowing, both butler and birthday-day boy found themselves regarding a tall, alabaster skinned, raven haired alpha whose finely tailored suit was further accented by a silken scarf which matched and complimented his jade green eyes.‘Wow’ Tony’s hind-brain unhelpfully supplied, his amber eyes narrowing when he realised that he’d never met the charming, clearly British, man before him; “opportunity?” he questioned with a raised brow, his flirtatious swagger cranking up a notch. “Oh, I see, you’ve been waiting at one of the other bars across the Complex and you’re dying of thirst... well, don’t let me stop you” he commented airily, his smirk tilting deviously when the older man blinked at him as he gestured to his servant and confidant. “See that the man get’s what he wants, J... I’m going to, uh, go powder my nose” he proclaimed with a wink before sauntering away, his ego preening at the thought of having the dashing stranger watch him walk away.‘I hear that English femmes and omegas prefer to be wooed and coddled when an alpha’s interested, so let’s see how you handle my love em’ and leave em’ technique, Mr Bond’ he thought with a chuckle as he sashayed across the expansive, elaborate area covered with a veritable circus tent, balloons and banners.Trust Howard to use his only son’s birthday to further promote the Stark Expo; not that he minded too much, really, especially since he’d been the one to kick off the event and had five stalls brimming with his robotics projects, green-energy solutions and a basic, prototype of the actually amazing A.I. he’d made. Oh, the look on Justin Hammer’s face had been priceless...“I hope you’ll forgive my forw
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
alternative universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Always a Jotun Loki
Alpha Loki
Omega Tony Stark
Twenty One Year Old Tony
explicit for a reason
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Self-Lubrication
Future King Loki
Warning: Loki
Loki Does What He Wants
Biting
Bonding
Knotting
Graphic Description
A litte dub-con
BAMF Loki
Loki doesn't hate himself
Dominant Loki
Cunning Loki
Loki has a plan
Tony protests too much
then he doesn't
Trickster Gods gonna trick
heed the tags
Begging
First Time
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Tony's in over his head... again
Submissive Tony
until he isn't
Tony Stark is a genius
Howard is too old for this shit
Rhodey is too old for this shit
Fluff and Humor
Angst with a Happy Ending
Light BDSM
My usual... you HAVE BEEN WARNED!
Innuendo
attempted humour
Seduction
Stark Expo
Alien Abduction
Tony the Sci-fi Nerd
BAMF Maria Stark
BAMF Farbauti
Tony's Parents Live
Laufey is too old for this shit
Siblings
Dragons
Feels
Angst
Metamorphosis
Wedding Planning
Inter-Realm Relations
Tribal Jotuns
Technologically Advanced Jotuns
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

