Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
King Thor Odinson of Asgard sat at the desk in his study, his eyes glazing over as he stared at tax documents. He pinched the bridge of his nose because he could already feel a headache beginning to form. If he were to be honest with himself, it seemed like kingship itself was nothing but one giant headache. It had barely been a year since he was crowned, but it felt like ages because he was still struggling to keep his head above water.So many changes had come in the past year that Thor could scarcely process them. Odin still lived, but had gone into his final Odinsleep; the healers said he would never awaken again and it was only a matter of time before he took his final breath. His absence still hung like a pall over the realm and Frigga seemed like a shell of her former self. Thor worried about her constantly, on top of everything else he had to concern himself with. Sadness clung to her and Thor hated it because he didn't know how to help her. Thor had so much power now but had never felt so powerless.He barely saw his friends anymore and Sif... though he and Sif and were married now, Thor had never felt further away from her.They were betrothed from a young age, but it was something that was easy to ignore for many years. It was not until Odin's health began to fade that they knew they could put it off no longer.When they were young, they were the best of friends. Thor, Sif and the Warriors Three had enjoyed many an adventure together. And though Thor had always loved Sif dearly, it was as a comrade-in-arms or a shield-mate, not as a wife. Sif was beautiful, she was courageous, intelligent, and fiercely loyal. In battle he wanted her by his side always. But while they had found pleasure together in their marital bed, there was always this sense of wrongness, as if they didn't belong there. There was an awkwardness that neither one of them seemed able to overcome. They were not in love and they both knew it could not be forced. Part of Thor would always grieve for that loss of freedom. Were they not bound by honor and duty, what lives would they have sought out? He supposed they would never know.Thor could tell that Sif missed the freedom of being a warrior, of coming and going as she pleased and answering to no one. In their younger days, some judged her activities as not becoming of a future queen, but she was too strong-willed to pay them any mind. And now that she was queen, she seemed to chafe at her new role. Now there was no time for sparring, it was all court intrigue and manners, so many things to memorize. Thor had known Sif for all of his life, had seen her grow and come into herself as a warrior. Although Sif clearly knew all about the proper balance of a sword, being Queen required a new kind of balance: how to balance personalities, wants and needs, lies and truth. Truth be told, neither Sif nor Thor had much in the way of subtlety.Thor slammed his fist down on his desk in frustration. He reached out and called Mjölnir to him, and it comforted him to have the familiar grip of the hammer in his hand. He stood and swung her around a few times, reveling in the feel of it. To lift Mjölnir was so easy, it was second nature to him. Would that he could wear the crown so effortlessly.He felt like now he finally understood why his father entered the Odinsleep so many times during his rule. Though they did not always see eye to eye, Thor missed his father terribly. All that wasted time when he was a brash young man who didn't want to listen to Odin, who thought he knew better. In this moment, he would give anything for Odin's advice.Thor set Mjölnir down on his desk and then sighed and shoved the papers into a drawer. Fandral had invited him out to the North Quarter tonight and Thor promised he would go this time. He hadn't spent time with his friends in months and he missed them very much. Thor knew he should stay in and force his way through the paperwork, or perhaps check on Sif or his mother, but he was just so tired. According to Fandral, what Thor needed most was to have some fun, and perhaps his friend was right. Perhaps he needed a break.*** Thor took off his kingly attire and put on a simple pair of leather breeches and a light tunic. He threw on a hooded cloak and then headed out into the city. The streets were filled with all manner of citizens laughing and talking, enjoying the spring evening. Thor saw a lord that he was friendly with but didn't stop to chat with him, having had more than enough of politics for the day. Instead he kept moving until he reached the North Quarter, where most of the city's brothels were housed. His path led him to a stone bridge over a small river, and when Thor crossed over, he felt as if he'd stepped into another world.The North Quarter was a beautiful area, all cobblestone walkways and streetlights that glowed in reds, purples, and blues. Sweet smelling flower bushes bloomed along the walkways, everything from bl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Sif & Thor

freeform: 
Prostitution
Jotun Loki
Intersex Loki
Slow Burn
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Sif & Thor

