Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry ignored the sound of alarms blaring as he walked through the remains of the Ministry of Magic. The new Ministry had uprooted eighty years prior, but there was one artefact that they’d been unable to transport and instead they’d had to leave behind a set of wards to hide and protect it. Harry had torn them down just moments ago; hence, the alarms.The faint pop of Apparition didn’t bother him either, for by the time anyone managed to catch up to him, Harry would be gone.A hundred years was a long time to live and Harry would know. It was an even longer time to live alone, but Harry had become a hermit after Ginny had died, only interacting with the Muggles that lived in the village closest to his house when he made the weekly walk into town for groceries, instead choosing to focus on academics.He scraped a hand over his cheek, feeling the soft skin under the bristles of his boxed beard. He looked as young as the day he’d turned twenty-five, the day he’d stopped aging. He certainly didn’t look the two hundred and fifty years he’d lived. He’d had to use glamours for most of his life, hiding his immortality from the wizarding community. It didn’t take a genius to work out that the Hallows had granted him that which Voldemort had hankered after and he didn’t fancy being painted as the next Dark Lord, accused of dabbling with necromancy.Five years following Ginny’s death Harry had faked his own and left the wizarding world for good. His children had grieved and moved on, and their children after that, and so on and so forth. Such was the way of life.A bottomless moleskin pouch was tied onto the belt in his jeans. Inside he kept his entire life: books, potions, clothes, broom… everything a wizard would need if he was starting up a life on a magicless planet.Today, Harry was going exploring... through the veil. “Holy shit, what the fuck is that,” Andre swore. Nick turned his eye on him and waited.“Sir, come and look at this.” In three quick strides Nick was at Andre’s side. Andre gestured to the screen before him.It was lit up in a blaze of colours, indicating a massive energy flare over the North Atlantic, the Bermuda Triangle to be specific.“What is it?” Nick growled.Andre shook his head. “No idea, sir.”There was a gasp beside him and Nick turned to glare at the offender. She winced and quickly brought up an image similar to the one on Andre’s screen on her own, but this time it was over New Mexico.“This is from Doctor Foster’s recordings in 2011,” she said, “of when a wormhole opened up and spat Thor out.”“Aw shit,” Nick said. “Another wormhole?” He grabbed communicator and called Phil.“Got something I need you to check out. Fancy a trip to the Caribbean?” Landing in the middle of the ocean wasn’t Harry’s idea of a good time. He spluttered up a mouthful of salt water and dragged his broom from his bag, shooting into the air. A few flicks of his wand dried him out and then he cast location spell that would direct him to the nearest dry land.He ended up on a gorgeous beach, white sand and blue skies as far as the eye could see. After a few discrete discussions with some bewildered locals. Harry discovered that he was in the Bahamas and that it was early 2012.Well, Harry had packed a beach towel.He rented a room in a local hotel indefinitely and sprawled out on a deck chair, soaking up the rays. He’d decide what to do next when he’d gotten himself a tan. Phil didn’t like the Bahamas. He’d been forced to remove his suit jacket the moment he stepped off the plane and his trip had continued downhill from there.No one had noted anything suspicious in the local area, or if they had, they weren’t saying. Two days of enquires had led to nothing but irate holiday makers and bored staff politely telling him where to shove it.Eventually, he’d decided that he need to go to the ‘scene of the crime’, so to speak.Getting out there was the problem.After a long and convoluted discussion with the owner of the only yachting company on the island, Phil discovered that a skipper would take him out to sea, but not where he wanted to go, and if he wanted to take a boat out himself then he had to have the necessary qualifications for sailing a yacht.Phil did not have a skipper’s licence. He didn’t even know how to sail.It was mid-morning. He sat at the bar and ordered a pina colada in the hope that it would cheer him up.The next step would be trying to find someone who owned their own boat and paying them copious amounts to take him out for the day. He wasn't looking forward to trying to make himself understood when the locals seemed determined not to cater to the needs of the American government. He supposed he couldn't blame them.“I hear you’re looking for someone to skipper a boat for you.” The voice was British, Queen’s English, cultured, and saying exactly what he wanted to hear. He was immediately suspicious.“I might be. Where did you hear that?” Phil tilted his head to the side and flicked his gaze 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Work In Progress
Crossover
Powerful Harry
Master of Death Harry Potter
Dimension Travel
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint
Nick Fury Swears
POV Multiple
Immortal Harry
BAMF Phil Coulson
Pairings to follow
Het and Slash
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
POV Phil Coulson
POV Harry Potter
Manipulative Nick Fury
BAMF Tony Stark
POV Steve Rogers

fandom: 
None
