Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Chaos Theory “Thor," Nick Fury stated. "Everything went to hell when that blond Asgardian showed up in America’s backyard and his prick of a little brother followed. They didn’t think about how their appearance would upend the general public’s psyche and send the world into hysteria. They just wanted to beat the shit out of each other. Earth just happened to be where they landed. Why couldn't it have been some other planet?"You told me nothing would ever be the same. We were all thinking it. You were just the one who said it out loud. The governments of the world have known of the existence of aliens for thousands of years. The pharaohs even drew pretty pictures of them on their walls." Fury lectured with a sweep of his hand against the blank wall of the SHIELD medical ward. "The Powers That Be have called it "science fiction."  They poo-pooed the Nordics their ancient history and made the Egyptian hieroglyphs nothing more than scintillating mystery.  We’ve managed to dupe the population for centuries. I think it was better that way. I know you do too," he nodded, eyeing the man laying on the hospital bed."You should see it now, Coulson.  Everyone’s lost their muthafuckin' minds. Cults have sprung up like weeds in the summer.  Suicide has become a pandemic, and you can find a raving evangelist on every traffic island spouting the end is here. Nobody can really tell them anything different with real assurance."And they all say its epicenter is Tony Stark’s Tower in the heart of New York City."You know I never liked Howard’s kid. Never bought into his bullshit. You convinced me we needed him and told me I didn’t have to like him. I admit, I respect what he did a few months ago during the battle with the Chitauri.  He surprised a lot of people.  Surprised me.  Did he surprise you?" he asked, waiting for an answer that didn't come."I don’t envy Stark the backlash that has followed. There are assassination plots against him everyday, attempts every week. They’re calling him the antichrist. I maintain he’s just a cocky asshat with too much intelligence an overabundance of swagger."Fury paced the room, hands clasped behind his back."Going through that portal changed him, made him nervous, more reclusive than he was before the Battle of New York. I'll let you dig your teeth into that. Just leave the psych report on my desk," he said with a wry smile."You’ll be glad to know that we’ve managed to stop anyone from popping off any rounds in his lily white ass," he said. "There have been days when I ask myself why I’m defending the class clown, but I think between Stark and Rogers and the influence they have with the others, this Avengers Initiative just might work out.  I trust him about as much as he trusts me, but we gotta make it work, as you say."This codependency thing very well may be the death of me." Fury exhaled loudly and stood at the end of the hospital bed, leaning his forearms on the footboard. "Don't think you're getting out of this. You are still assigned as the Avengers' handler.  So wake the fuck up," he demanded.Fury stared at Phil Coulson, memories of battles won and lost with the man at his back. “I'm not buying into this whole coma bullshit anymore. Doc says he sewed you up, put you back together, you should be awake right now. But you're not.  So whatever magic mumbo jumbo is making your eyes glow in the dark like some freaky cosmic night light, tell it to fuck off. I need my one good eye back."~*~Twenty nine days, thirteen hours, eleven minutes and thirty four seconds since Pepper walked into Tony’s lab and said that she just couldn't do it anymore, that she wasn't strong enough to watch him risk his life over and over and have a relationship too.He should have known the end was coming. But Tony chose to ignore the strained silences, the increased amount of business trips and Pepper more often than not curling up on the sofa instead of sleeping in their empty bed.  The hurt look on her face nearly ripped Tony to shreds. Worse was the fact that he put it there. Tony usually ended up disappointing everyone who cared about him eventually. So he guessed it really came as no surprise that Pepper bailed.Tony got the 'let's still be friends speech.' Wasn't that awkward?Pepper also stammered out a hasty, "If he wanted her to resign from Stark Industries, she'd understand." The thought of removing her completely from Tony’s life scared the shit out of him. He could not reassure her fast enough that there was no way in hell that he'd ever let her resign. She'd signed contracts and everything. Plus a lawsuit would make everyone uncomfortable. She even laughed a little at that line.Hell, Pepper was a better CEO than Tony could ever be. He was made for PR stunts and was way more comfortable working in research and development. At least that way, Tony could keep his own hours.Then she somewhat tearfully announced that she'd be moving her things out of the large penthouse suite they s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Aftermath of Torture
Explicit Language
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Explicit Sexual Content
Male Slash
Canon-Typical Violence
Tony Feels
Loki Feels
Loki Does What He Wants
Graphic Depictions of Illness
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Coma
Protective Thor

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

