Chapter 1





Chapter Text

- To everyone who’s in town, meeting at Tower ASAP. As in, get here yesterday.

Peter stares down at the screen on his Stark phone uncertainly, wondering if his name was included on the recipients list by mistake. The Avengers don’t usually include him on their group texts except in real emergencies, and he’s neither heard anything on the news nor sensed anything while out on his patrols to indicate that this is the case. Just as he’s awkwardly about to privately message Tony back to ask, however, another text from the billionaire comes in on the group thread.

- Yes that includes you, underoos. Drop what you’re doing and remember, YESTERDAY

Peter huffs an irritated noise through both his nose and mouth. It’s bad enough that Iron Man still treats him like a kid; he would appreciate the man at least not doing it in front of the other Avengers so often. Another ping.

- I know you’re not that busy. I got your read receipts faster than everyone else’s.

Now the younger man scowls his annoyance. He could be busy and still read texts, dammit! Well...actually no, probably not, Peter can’t shift his attention back and forth between different tasks that easily. For him, getting involved in a text conversation might as well take the same amount of effort and laser focus as trying to type a novel on his phone, with the same amount of frustration and tedium that would go into such an enormous feat as well. Too much reading and re-reading and proof-reading and second-guessing goes into whether he should send back ‘lol xD’ or ‘lol :)’ or ‘LOL!’ or ‘Haha, you made a joke and I am acknowledging the joke with a lol even though I did not, in fact, laugh out loud or even quietly to myself because it was only mildly funny to me at best. I’m happy that you’re having fun and amusing yourself though and that’s all that matters, Aunt May. :)’ Still, there’s no reason for Stark to call him out on it like that!
Halfway hoping there might be a mugging or two to slow him down on the way, if only so Stark will have to wait that much longer to be graced with his awesome presence, Spider-Man swings his way across town to Avengers Tower and hopes that whatever this is about will be done with quickly.
*
“Hello, Spider-Man,” says a feminine, disembodied voice as Peter gets onto the elevator.
“Hey, Friday,” he answers back. “Which floor is Tony on?”
“Mr. Stark is in the situation room with Dr. Banner, Mr. Barton, Mr. Rogers, Ms. Romanov, and Mr. Odinson.” Peter grimaces unseen underneath his mask. That’s most of the original core group all in one room. Maybe he shouldn’t have dawdled so long in getting here. “Shall I announce your presence?”
“No, please don’t,” he says and doesn’t care if it sounds like he’s begging. He’d much rather sneak in the back and hope he can get away with pretending like he’s been there all along. (Yep, super mature, Parker. Shut up, brain.)
The AI is quiet the rest of the ride up, silently opening the elevator doors for him as they reach his stop. Automatically, Peter jumps up onto the ceiling so he can crawl stealthily over to the next room where he can already make out their voices. So what if it makes him a bit of a creeper; he can’t stand it when people stop what they’re doing to turn and look at the latecomer, even if it’s just to say hi or something, and he really can’t stand it when it feels like he’s interrupting something important just by showing up.
“This is ridiculous,” he hears Natasha say first, followed by the sound of her booted heels clicking on the floor.
“Hey, don’t walk out!” That would be Tony’s voice. “I need you all here. United front, remember?” They sound irritated, he thinks (with each other most likely, because what else is new) but not tense the way he would expect them to be if this were really a situation that required, well, the situation room. Strange. Cautiously, he makes his way inside, sticking to what few shadows the room provides for him to remain unseen for the moment.
“This is not going to go down the way you want it to, Tony, and I’m with Nat,” says Bruce, arms crossed over his chest, but probably not shifting close to anger anytime soon since no one else in the room is giving him the cautious side-eye. When in doubt about someone’s body language, Peter does his best to take his cues from the reactions of everybody else, though sometimes this comes with mixed results. “How exactly is ganging up on him supposed to make us a united front?”
“It’s called an intervention, people.” Tony sounds exasperated. They must have been talking for a while, though in Tony Stark terms that could easily amount to just a few minutes if he hasn’t been getting his way. “All of us gather around in a big powwow circle and say, ‘Look, sweetheart, we’re here and we want what’s best for you, now it’s time to admit you need help and say goodbye to the murderous psychopath.’ Seriously, what’s hard to understand here, guys?”
Uh, plenty, Peter thinks. Does someone in the gang 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Autistic Peter
Schizophrenic Wade
Angst
But it gets better I promise
Fluff
Pining
just a smidge
Okay maybe more than just a smidge
First Date
First Kiss
Finally
NO superfamily
But Peter and Tony Definitely Need to Sort Some Things Out
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Everyone Deserves Hugs
But No One Knows How to Ask For One
Could be some Natasha/Bruce if you squint
But feel free to ignore that if you don't like the ship lol
Stress Baking
golden girls - Freeform
Peter is Such a Cutie Experiencing His First Love and No One Knows How to Handle It
Probably Least of All Wade tbh

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

