Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"I have an idea," Clint said. 
The terrorists had been yelling for two hours about Captain America by the time he said it. For those two hours, SHIELD had been prepping a special incursion squad and bargaining for time to find Captain America. The problem was that Captain America had gone camping somewhere in the southwest, and four states is a large area to search. Tony had put a tracker on his bike, but apparently Cap found it somewhere west of Dallas and destroyed it. 
Sitwell was given to understand that Steve had been having some issues.
He'd come if he could, Sitwell was positive of that; Steve liked his privacy but he'd never abandon the shield or turn his back on a mission with civilian lives at stake. Before he left, he spoke to the others about filling in for him, because he'd be out of contact.
Nobody imagined that he'd be needed, not with half a dozen other superheroes around, but then a group of home-brewed terrorists took over the Lincoln Monument and started threatening a whole lot of death unless Cap showed up. Why they wanted Captain America had not yet been made clear, despite Sitwell's best attempts to get something coherent out of them. A statement, a manifesto, crayon on a paper bag, something. He suspected they were high, or at least their mouthpiece was.
He pinched the bridge of his nose. "Am I going to like this idea?" he asked Clint.
"Are you enjoying not having any ideas?" Clint asked back. "Because the brain trust over there -- " he waved to Banner and Stark, who had their heads together but were not exactly experts in defusing tense situations, " -- is coming up empty when it comes to finding Cap, nobody wants Tony Stark doing hostage negotiations, and the DC police are looking a little trigger-happy."
"Point," Sitwell said. "Share."
"We send in a double. Hear me out," Clint said, before Sitwell could object. "We have access to a plausible non-civilian double who's familiar with Steve and has a reasonable level of skill with the shield. We slap the spare uniform on him, throw a decoy shield on his back, and send him in. The whole point of the cowl is to protect his identity anyway."
"Who exactly are you thinking has the physique of Captain America and the ability to pull off that attitude?" Sitwell asked. 
Clint lifted his chin. It was a regal gesture, eyes gazing into the distance, spine straightening a little, muscles flexing. Slowly, majestically, he saluted.
Sitwell rubbed his eyes. 
"I'm not that much smaller, except in the chest, and his uniform's pretty tight. If I can get a reliable prop shield, I can end this," Clint said. "Send me in, come on. Worst case scenario, they take me hostage too and you've got a guy on the inside." 
Sitwell made a call. It might have been a terrible call, but you never knew. 
"You have half an hour to get a suit and shield," he said. "If you aren't suited up by then, I'm sending the incursion team in."
"I'm on it," Clint said. He jogged off, phone to his ear. Sitwell called the negotiator over.
"Tell them we've got Captain America on the way," he said. "He'll be here in half an hour."
"You found him?" the negotiator asked, obviously relieved.
"Yes," Sitwell lied. "We definitely found him."
***
Clint, with the resources of a seasoned SHIELD agent, managed to get his hands on Cap's spare uniform and a realistic-looking shield in a little under 29 minutes. Even Sitwell was sort of impressed. And he did look the part, strutting towards the mobile HQ, cowl snug over his head, jaw squared. 
"Where's the belt?" Sitwell asked. He'd helped Coulson design the uniform, and the utility belt had been a bone of contention. Sitwell wasn't fond of pouches. 
"Gesture of trust," Clint said, his voice a little deeper than normal, or at least it seemed that way. "Nowhere to hide any weapons, this way. Tony, you got that earwig for me?"
"This is creepy, like dressing up as your mom for Halloween," Stark said, producing a tiny device and pulling back the cowl's ear-guard to insert it with tweezers. "Which I haven't done, by the way, that's not a personal anecdote. I knew a guy at boarding school."
"Will they be able to detect this?" Sitwell asked.
"Not unless they work for Stark Industries, and I'm pretty sure we screen rigorously for Crazy Fundamentalist Off-Gridders," Stark replied. 
"How do I look?" Clint asked, facing front.
"Convincing," Sitwell said. 
***
After the Avengers found out about Phil Coulson's mysterious and miraculous revival, and after that particular temper tantrum blew over, Coulson sat down with Sitwell and Hill and established a Handler protocol for the Avengers. Hill or Sitwell could supervise the Avengers in the field or handle cleanup; Sitwell generally did because Hill was higher up the food chain and didn't have to if she didn't want to (and she definitely didn't want to). But if the Avengers were actively being fielded, Coulson was to be notified, and joining them in the field was to take precedence over any o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Costume Kink
Romantic Comedy
Snipers
telepaths
Crossover

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

