Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The new Avengers were built organically. Maybe that’s why Tony grew comfortable with them. He hadn’t intended to, still hurt and tense from letting the old ones in. Not that all of them were entirely new; some were just misplaced.It started as a chain. The base being what was left with him, Rhodey, Vision, and Peter. Not that he was going to ask the Spiderling to play Avenger full time. The kid already had enough trouble living a normal life on top of playing vigilante.Bruce called him within a week of the fallout, but couldn’t return right away. Tony still needed time to boot Thunderbolt out.From Rhodey, they gained Danvers. Danvers eventually introduced them to Jones, though more in passing than anything. Jones asked for a favor, once, and then she started showing up occasionally. She brought Cage, who brought Rand. Eventually, Jones introduced them to Walters and boy was that… weird.The fact that Bruce not only had a cousin but she shared a few other similarities with his green bean was a bit overwhelming.Off handed Jones mentioned Daredevil, and Cage introduced them but he was going to keep to himself unless there happened to be another alien invasion.Not that Tony didn’t immediately start digging because while he wasn’t going to sell the information to the government he certainly wasn’t in the business of unknown variables. Not anymore.Then Thor returned; Thor with his Dr. Foster and her assistant, Lewis. Thor with his new friend Dr. Stephen Strange.“I’m surprised both our egos fit in here.” And maybe, maybe that was the point that a tiny little part of Tony had swooned. Definitely not noticeably, not even to himself at the time. But the casual acceptance that they both had been and still were giant egotistical jackasses made him feel a little bit better.This family was never going to be normal, just like the previous one. And likely Tony was going to make the same mistakes. Maybe he should just be a bit selfish and enjoy it while he could.---It took five months for things to line up the way they currently were. Much later they’d add new faces and siblings/daughters/uncles whatever without batting an eye.But it began with Tony folding up Roger’s letter and phone and putting them into a cardboard box. He brought a shipping container to the compound and loaded it up with their left-behind belongings. Natasha’s room was stripped as well. She had vanished around the time the Raft had its break-in and Tony assumed that she wasn’t coming back to their side. Maybe she’d return, on Roger’s side or on her own.Leftover weapons, prototypes, and that damned shield were locked up in their own crate and shoved into a secure room. The room consisted of a lot of junk, broken suit parts that Tony figured he’d salvage, weird pieces of alien or foreign tech he had already examined and stripped. It was a burial.There was a crazed drive to his cleaning. Rhodey might have noticed, but he was a little busy what with being paralyzed during a fight that shouldn’t have happened.It was a weird concept for Tony to admit that he didn't feel safe. He hasn't felt safe in his own skin since Obie- since Stane had ripped his heart out. He hasn't felt safe in his own home since then either, with lovely reinforcement from the Mandarin and Killian. He hasn’t felt safe on his own planet since the invasion of New York. Hasn't felt safe in his own mind since Maximoff.Secretary Ross was humiliated. His little pet project, the Raft, sitting empty at its failure to do what it promised. Its first prisoners, quite possibly the most politically valuable prisoners of the decade, had escaped.Tony pushed first. This was just another spot that needed cleaning.It wasn't a cheap purchase, particularly considering how much money he’d need to modify it. This needed to be perfect. Just in case.  A mobile emergency home.And even when the walls were unpainted and the cells still usable, Tony slept better in the Raft that night than he ever did in the tower.But until the Raft was usable as an Avenger’s HQ, he worked out of the tower for most of that year. The floors that had previously been the Avenger’s personal rooms had been redone after he had rebuilt the compound. There were still beds, but the tower was more like a clubhouse. No one really lived there but him and occasionally Pepper. They had their own lives and Tony was insanely glad for this. He didn’t want to recreate the Avenger’s frat house aesthetic of old.Most of the old team had literally nothing until he invited them in. It made sense then. It doesn’t now.And, as Tony’s mind wandered, hands slowly laser cutting a fresh sheet of metal, perhaps that forced interaction was partly to blame. They had their own spaces and hobbies, but the whole schtick felt too calculated. Fury had brought them together under a lie and extreme duress. It was like those wartime marriages, where people fell in love becaus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
New Avengers Family
Canon-Typical Violence
Comic Book Science
Sokovia Accords
Not Team-Cap friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
former mutual pining
This doesn't bash Team-Cap
Not A Fix-It
but a more reasonable way for them to reuinite without Thanos
Not Law Heavy
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Natasha is her own team
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Attempt at Humor
Light Angst
Friends With Benefits
Darcy/Tony - Freeform
I swear this is mainly interactions on top of a very thin plot
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

