Chapter 1: A Very Wicked Man
    


Summary:

A wicked landlord preys on poor innocent 'Betty', who is home alone and behind on the rent.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
~ ~ ~
 
Steve walked up to the door, paused to adjust his tie, tight around his neck. The starched collar of his shirt was stiff, and Steve pulled on it a little as he breathed in quietly.

Here goes.

He raised his fist and banged on the door. “Betty!” he demanded. “You home? It's your landlord.”
There was a clatter in the room, and a voice singsonged, “Just a minute, mister!”
Steve stilled, surprised. That was Bucky's voice, but doing his New York dame accent, and Steve hadn't heard him do that in a helluva long time.
Before he could react, the door swung inward and they stood face to face.
Bucky's face split into a grin and he swiftly shut the door again, snorting a laugh. It'd been barely a flash, but seeing Bucky in a red dress with a white apron, his dark hair all loose and his lips red, Steve's breath caught, and his dick was very interested.
Steve cleared his throat and leaned close to the door seam. “Why're you laughing, jerk?”
“I'm sorry!” Bucky's voice brimmed with laughter. “It's... it's the 'tache!”
Steve raised his fingers, feeling gently at the fake black moustache stuck to his top lip. “You want me to get rid of it?”
“No, no!” Bucky insisted. “You're the evil landlord, you have a 'tache. Just... gimme a sec.”
Bucky went quiet on the other side, and Steve waited patiently.
“Okay, start again,” Bucky instructed.
Steve rolled his eyes, but did as Bucky wanted. He banged on the door. “Betty! It's your landlord. Now, open up!”
The door opened, and this time Bucky leaned against it, letting Steve look his fill. He wore a red mini dress with off the shoulder straps and a sweetheart neckline, barely containing his broad shoulders and muscled chest. The tiny white apron around his waist was frilled, and below the hem of his dress his legs were bare, feet in soft-looking red slippers with pom-poms on the open toes. As Steve's eyes travelled back up Bucky's legs, he spotted a glimpse of black and red lace peeping out under the hem of his dress. Garters, his mind supplied, his dick swelling at the thought.
“Gee, mister,” Bucky said in a soft, breathy voice, “I wasn't expecting you until the end of the month.”
Steve dragged his gaze up, saw Bucky smile at him, his lips red with lipstick. There was a little rouge on his cheeks, and dark eyeliner smudged around his blue eyes. He must've styled his hair or something, as it sat in neat, soft waves. He looked absolutely stunning.
Not that Bucky didn't always look stunning, and Steve had seen him play around with make-up before, but... never like this.
Bucky's smile faded. “You okay?” he asked quietly.
Steve snapped out of it quick. “Yes. Yes, very okay.” He paused to get back into character, and smiled in what he hoped was a sly, leering manner. “You're a real looker, Betty. What're you doing home alone?”
Bucky blinked back at him, then broke into an easy smile as he ducked his head modestly. “My husband is out at work, mister.”
“Oh, is that right?” Steve stepped forward, forcing Bucky to make way for him as he entered. When Bucky stepped back from the door, Steve noticed he had a small feather duster in his hand, although it looked more designed for play than for house-work.
An image of Bucky dusting their apartment, strutting around in his little dress, came to Steve's mind. Maybe he'd make Bucky do that later.
“Wait, mister,” Bucky said, voice all breathy again, “you can't just waltz in here, y'know. This is my home.”
“And I'm your landlord,” Steve replied coolly, moving into the room and kicking the door closed behind him. “I can do what I want, especially with a pretty little dame like you.” He lowered a hand to his cock, adjusting himself through his pants. Steve was pleased to see Bucky's eyes follow the movement, red lips parting slightly as he watched.
Steve grinned, and next he raised both hands to his tie, loosening it roughly and undoing the top two buttons of his shirt.
He hoped Bucky was enjoying the performance.
Bucky took a deep breath in, his sculpted chest straining against the tight bodice of his dress. “Oh, wait,” he pleaded, “you gotta give me more time. I'll get you the money, mister, I promise.”
“You're already overdue.” Steve slid his suit jacket off, threw it to the side.
Bucky dropped his feather duster and made a show of fanning himself in an exaggerated manner, the metal of his left hand catching the light from the bedside lamps. “Now, you just hold on a second, mister... Sir,” Bucky said. “I'm sure I got a little stashed away. Wait right there!” He turned, skirts twirling, and sashayed over to the dresser.
Steve had always loved the way Bucky walked, that purposeful step and the swing in his hips, but seeing him strut in a dress and heeled mules was really something else.
Bucky opened one of the middle drawe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Roleplay
Sexual Roleplay
Rape Roleplay
Rape/Non-con Elements
Mutual Non-Con
Non-Con Roleplay
Prearranged non con
Betty Boop - Freeform
A dastardly villain
Lingerie
Bucky is the dame
Damsels in Distress
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers-centric
POV Steve Rogers
Domination
Ravishment
Overacting
breaking character in good humor
Established Relationship
Debauchery
Blackmail
Rape Fantasy
Pet Names
vintage pet names
Butt Plugs
Forced Orgasm
Light Dom/sub
Married Couple
Smut
Shameless Smut
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Porn
Rough Sex
Sordid Fantasy
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Humor
romp
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

