Work Text:
Skye first noticed the glint when Coulson walked out of his office and to the cockpit during turbulence and put his hand out to brace himself. There was a golden glint on his left hand that caught her eye. So when he came back she watched and, sure enough, he had a wedding band on. She didn’t think much of it until when they met up for briefing around the holotable later and it was gone. 
She watched for several days and didn’t see the ring again, so she assumed it wasn’t a wedding band like she assumed. Until a few weeks later, he came out of his office to make a sandwich and she saw the wedding band up close and personal on his left hand. 
To say it made her curious was an understatement. 
~
She was playing ‘Go Fish’ with FitzSimmons when Coulson came out and passed to go see Ward and she noticed the ring was gone today. “So, what’s up with Coulson’s wedding band?” she asked and FitzSimmons both stopped and gave her confused looks. 
“Probably none of your business.” They all startled when Ward sat down on the empty side of the table. 
Skye rolled her eyes. “But he has a wedding ring. Sometimes he’s wearing it and other times he’s not.”
Fitz hummed. “Maybe he’s having an affair and takes it off?”
“With who?” Skye asked. “The most downtime we’ve got was an overnight in a hotel once. Unless he’s sleeping with one of you,” she said, looking them over. She eyed Simmons.
Simmons flushed and spluttered. “I would NEVER! He’s older than my dad!” May raised an eyebrow. “And! And he’s my boss!” she said quickly. 
“And he’s not sleeping with me. So if he’s having an affair, why does he wear it here where his wife isn’t?”
Ward shook his head. “It actually doesn’t make sense for him to wear a ring at all. No jewelry in the field, if you can help it. A wedding band could easily become a problem.” 
Skye sat back. “So why does he wear it?”
“Who is wearing what?” They all startled and turned to see May coming past. “Is Fitz being strange again?” she asked with an almost accusing stare.
Skye looked around at the others, who all were staring and she shrugged, looking back at her. “Actually I was asking about Phil’s wedding ring,” she said and she could sense Simmons shaking her head rapidly behind her.
May narrowed her eyes. “He doesn’t wear a wedding ring.”
“He does sometimes, I’ve seen it,” Skye said and May looked at her almost too blankly.
“You’re getting better at observation,” she said, though she seemed a little annoyed.
Skye eyed her up and down. “You know something-“
“And it’s none of your business,” May said firmly, leaving no room for discussion. “Don’t ask him about it and just forget you ever saw it,” she said, looking at the others too. Skye turned to see them all nodding and she turned back to argue but May was gone. 
She hummed and turned back to the others. “Well that was weird,” she said, then shrugged. “What d’ya think? Is he divorced? Maybe being dead for a little while was too much for her to handle,” she muttered as she looked at her hand again, trying to decide what to ask for next.
Ward hummed. “It’s possible she’s not level seven so she wasn’t cleared to know he made it,” he said absently but Skye jerked so hard she tossed her cards.
“WHAT?!” she demanded, looking at the others only to see them eying her in confusion. “That- that can happen?! Spouses aren’t given medical privileges?!”  
Simmons gave her a confused look. “Well… no. Obviously, if a high-level agent of SHIELD is injured on mission their power of attorney goes to Director Fury.”
Fitz nodded. “Now lower levels like Jemma and me? We are able to appoint someone on the same level.” He gestured. “Jemma is mine and I’m hers. Our families can’t be it for confidentiality reasons.”
Skye clenched her eyes and shook her head in disbelief. “Wait, so- so Coulson’s wife could be out there and think he’s dead because the Director chose not to tell her?” she asked, looking around at them.
Ward raised an eyebrow. “Yes? This is SHIELD, if you’re not cleared to know something, you do not know it.” He grabbed a pretzel out of the bowl in the center of the table. “I had to be upgraded to level seven to join this team. May was already level seven. The only reason FitzSimmons know about Coulson being alive is because he requested them for his team.”
Simmons nodded. “And we promoted for this,” she said with a bright little smile. “We were level one cadets another year from level two at least-“
“If not longer,” Fitz interjected.
“Yes, possibly longer, but we were randomly taken out of class one day and promoted to level two and then sent here,” Simmons finished. 
Ward nodded. “If they had passed their Field Tests they would’ve been bumped past level two to level three,” he added. 
Skye just stared. “You’re missing the point! A.C. could have a wife who thinks he’s dead?! He would just accept that?” she asked.
Ward nodded. “Yes. He has no choice in the matter.”
Fitz nodded. “Coulson is level eight. There are very few level eight agents. You only get that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Secret Marriage
Humor
Lies
Questions About Phil's Recovery
Hacking

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

