Work Text:
One.  Tony was three. His latest experiment was a Rube Goldberg machine made up of dominoes, paper clips, a shaken can of soda, and a wind-up toy car; all to be set into motion by a rubber ball.Penny, his nanny, broke his concentration when she appeared with a glass of chocolate milk by his elbow. Gently, she coaxed the paper clip chain out of his somehow-always-sticky fingers and encouraged him to take a break. Her eyes were warm and attentive, happily watching her charge taking three large gulps without a breath.Tony pulled the glass away with a frown, unhappy at the unusual bitter aftertaste.Penny took away the half-emptied glass without a word.Wiping his tongue with his sleeve to remove the horrid taste, Tony lined up the last of the dominoes. He sat back as he observed the pieces twisting around in an elaborate bend, it was finished and ready to be activated. Tony missed the rubber ball when he first reached for it; he blinked blearily and willed his eyes to focus. His fingers barely closed around the ball when his body went slack and his vision faded to black.It wasn't sleep that he drifted off to.* Tony felt a cool breeze when he woke, quickly figuring out he was strapped in a stroller that he hadn't used since his second birthday and apparently on a tour through the gardens. It didn't take long to deduce he was being kidnapped, though it wasn't difficult with Penelope practically confessing in her attempt to talk herself down from a panic attack. Howard's business rival had offered five million dollars for the Stark heir, an insulting amount because Tony was worth at least twice that and would have offered it to his caretaker in a heartbeat had she only asked. Penelope continued to babble, ranging from hollow justifications of needing the money to the foolish belief that Tony wouldn't be harmed and ending with the false hope that everything was going to be fine. Tony listened and identified each as lies and excuses. Having heard enough, Tony rolled the rubber ball in his palm and mapped out her gait. The ball dropped and rolled soundlessly, wedging precisely under her heel as her foot landed. At the sound of her startled yelp, Tony leapt out of the stroller before she could lean on it for support. He watched it collapse under her weight with the tray he had purposefully left vertical jabbing into her nose.  Then he ran. * "Your escape efforts were quite impressive, young sir." Jarvis said, sitting next to Tony's bed and wedging the corners of the comforter under the mattress to mimic a sleeping bag. Tony preened briefly at the compliment before turning somber, an emotion unfitting for the face of a preschooler. "She put something in my milk, didn't she? It tasted funny." "Yes, an excessively high dose of a powerful sedative." Jarvis answered truthfully, understanding that honesty was what Tony needed at this moment. "It was good that you only had a small amount, which was likely why you woke so quickly." He swallowed tightly.  "Quite a discerning palate for someone so young." Tony had a fleeting thought to correct Jarvis of a small detail, but it escaped his mind due to his exhaustion and the indignation at the misrepresentation of his age. "I'm not young, I'm three-and-a-sixth!" Jarvis smiled, fond and unapologetic. "My sincerest apologies, sir." His hand ran soothingly through Tony's wild hair. "Accepted." Tony leaned into the comforting touch and did his best to ignore the cold confusion knotting up his insides.  Two.  Tony was sixteen. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology was a place where imagination gained form, turning the intangible into physical and impossible into reality. Blueprints coalesced from lines and curves, letters and numbers, and thoughts and dreams. Inspirations spanned across his mind like the constellations in the sky. Tony loved it here. One particular idea shone bright like Polaris and he chased after it like a lost traveler looking for a way home. Artificial intelligence. The M.I.T. staff and students whispered that this was nothing more than an overlooked child desperately seeking attention, a lonely teen begging for approval, or a bumbling novice overestimating his abilities.Machines weren't alive, they were operational. Programs couldn't learn, they were updated. Robots weren't friends, they were tools. Then came DUM-E and their merciless condemnations turned into mercenary commendations. Tony was declared the winner of the 4th Annual Robot Design Competition, to absolutely no one's surprise. * Jarvis was unable to attend but sent several congratulatory cakes, none of them chocolate. Howard made a chip off of the old block comment before departing. Maria was at another engagement though she promised a celebration at a later date. All in all, Tony's first college accomplishment felt a bit underwhelming. When Ty, despite not winning the award himself and weathering a truly impressive rant from his parents, insisted on throwing Tony a party to celebrate, Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Time Lord Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki Does What He Wants
Norse God Loki
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Protective Loki
Civil War Team Iron Man
Temporary Character Death
Temporary Amnesia
Alternate Universe - Fusion
5+1

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

