Work Text:
It had been a really off day. When Steve’s curious eyes traced the outline of Peter’s mask, looking at him with a searching expression, he realized he must have muttered the concern outloud. The 19 year old pulled his own gaze up to meet his Pop’s, able to see the question on his lips before he’d even asked. “Is everything okay?” The answer to that wasn’t simple. Physically, Peter had only sustained minor injuries and bruises during the mission’s main confrontation, and while he’d been thrown back against a building, his back had been braced enough to protect him from any serious damage. Yet throughout the entire fight, he’d found himself unable to put the same strength into his kicks as normal; rather than pulling every punch, he was exerting his full force to take down the bigger robots. Mentally, he also felt he’d been suffering from an affliction, finding it harder to focus or maintain a steady thought stream. He’d run almost entirely on instinct the entire day, and it left him feeling more drained than normal.“Yeah.” Peter finally managed to reply in a tired, high-strung voice, not sure any other explanation was worth worrying over. “I just wanna get back and sleep.” He shrugged the soreness out of his shoulders as he crawled onto the aircraft after Tony, Steve in tow. “A cold?” Peter’s other Dad asked, his mechanicalized voice sounding from the speaker outside of his suit. “Probably.” While he didn’t get sick very often, that seemed to be the most likely offender of his deteriorating state. “I’ll check you out when we get back.” Bruce promised from the seat he had resided in throughout the mission, serving as an overhead eye and possible back up plan as per usual. “It’s getting closer to flu season.”“Seriously, I’m fine.” Peter felt irritation spiking in his chest, dragging the mask off of his face that was making him feel much too overheated, his nose growing hot. Seeing the way Bruce retreated, pink flooded his cheeks and his own attitude fell. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to sound annoyed. I’m tired.” The crime-fighting super teen rested back against the hard metal side of the aircraft, forcing his eyes to shut. The force of it taking off rattled his head, but at least trying to sleep was better than fidgeting in his seat and waiting for the two hour ride to be over. It was hard, getting his adrenaline-flooded body to relax enough that he wasn’t constantly shifting and uncomfortable. Eventually he succeeded, his mind drifting out of focus enough that he was in a dazed-like state that felt eerily close to being asleep. It wasn’t until 15 to 30 minutes later- Peter was guessing, based on how absolutely not rested he felt- that he started to drift back awake. Well, he was jolted back to reality mostly. A hand on his shoulder shocked him, pulling his eyes open to look back up into the worried face of Captain America, the helmet no longer in place. It was hard to focus for a moment, golden brown eyes searching distractedly. He felt uncomfortable more so now than when he’d fallen asleep, though this went deeper than just his skin, making his bones feel like they were throbbing. And  gods, his stomach was clenching hard, as if he’d throw up any second. Beyond that, he soon realized that every set of eyes in the aircraft were locked onto his pathetically exhausted frame, making him shift awkwardly under their gaze. “I’m sorry, I--” Peter began to spoke, though he stopped as soon as he heard his own voice. It didn’t sound like him, being much too breathy and feeling higher in pitch. Only then did the connection start to form in his mind that it may not have been a cold affecting his behavior so negatively. “...your heat.” Peter managed to tune into the voice speaking to him in a calming tone, though the word only made him shudder. As if on cue, a hot flash rushed over the brunette’s skin, making him shiver from the crawling sensation of his skin. “I-It’s not due for another 3 weeks.” Peter spoke in a panicked tone, still uncomfortable with the way his voice had changed. He sat upright with wide eyes, suddenly hyperaware of his current situation. The cramps were growing increasingly upsetting by the second, and while the temperature of his body was certainly higher than normal, he knew he’d have at least another 20 minutes until it reached his peak. His suit felt uncomfortable on his clammy skin and- Oh gods- it was sticking to his thighs. “Calm down, Peter, it’s okay. Sometimes things are out of sync.” Steve reassured his son, carefully resting a hand atop his hair. He worked to keep the omega’s focus on him, so he wouldn’t notice the blatant, wide-eyed stares from the other Alphas locked in the aircraft with them. He looked up at Tony, who was disengaging his suit pieces to offer assistance to the both of them. “Don’t worry, we’ll get you home.” The comfort had little effect on Peter’s current mental status. His focus was almost entirely centered around the painful swelling in his abdomen that was creat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Phone Sex
Omega Peter Parker
Peter Parker in Heat
Alpha Wade Wilson
Masturbation

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

