Work Text:
It doesn’t start in New York.By the time they finally get back to New York–it takes three months longer than Natasha initially expected–she’s already close to the end of her rope. Only the merciless training of her childhood and the years of hard work as a spy keep her from completely losing her shit. Because Wakanda may be a nice place, a pleasant exile even, but it is still a cage in its own right, as golden as the bars may be. There's also the negligible fact that she has to spend five months listening to Lang’s whining, Clint’s endless complaints, watch Steve stare tragically sad into nothingness–or at a phone that doesn’t ring, and really, she could’ve told him that from the start–and endure Wanda’s temper tantrums.The amount of biting replies she swallows down should have killed her by now. They have certainly been poisonous enough.So getting back to New York, to their old compound, is a relief. It means Natasha can avoid the others for weeks to no end if she wants to–and boy does she ever want, she’s seen far too much of them lately. It helps. The lack of a golden cage, the freedom, the distance. Helps all of them. Eases some of the tension that's been unavoidably building up.But while it may help, it doesn’t actually solve any of their problems.And there are problems. And she isn't just talking about the tension between Tony and the others, or her and the others for that matter. That is to be expected, but it's only the tip of an increasingly visible iceberg. There are a lot of issues that have never been resolved. Arguments they couldn’t have when they were all scooped up in Wakanda and unable to stay out of each other’s way for long. Coming back, signing documents that are pointedly not called The Revised Accords, it’s like slapping a bandage on an inflamed wound so you don’t have to look at it anymore, and hope it will heal.But every now and then they accidentally brush against said untreated wound and the pain flares up again, reminding everyone that it’s there and it’s staying.Like when Clint calls Laura and she lets it go to voicemail. Or when Sam tries to ask about how Rhodey is doing without making it awkward, and fails spectacularly. Or when Tony flinches away from Steve.It’s only the last one though that really gets Natasha’s blood boiling. It’s there right from the start, when Tony symbolically shakes Steve’s hand for the press, and even though he’s smiling, his body is all tense muscles ready to jump. It doesn’t get better after that.There are moments where Steve tries to reach out, to fix whatever it is that's been broken between them, that are almost physically painful to watch. When he rests a hand on Tony’s shoulder and the poor man almost jumps out of his skin for example. (They’ve lost a lot off cups to that particular move.) Or when Steve insists on picking the seat closest to Tony, only to have Tony be tense and defensive thorough the whole meeting. The list goes on.Steve isn’t doing it out of cruelty, that much Natasha is willing to grant him. He’s honestly, desperately trying to fix things between them, to bridge the unacknowledged gap in the team. He’s apologised multiple times–and he’s meant every word of it. Natasha has no doubt that his regret is genuine.But the thing is? Regret isn’t going to change the past.And Steve, Steve is so focused on fixing, he doesn’t even seem to realise that all he really does when using force, is break. Because it’s so clear, written all over Tony’s face and body language, how uncomfortable he is. And yet Steve keeps pushing and pushing, for a resolution that can’t happen by backing Tony into a corner.The issue comes to a head when Steve tries to hand Tony a plate with a piece of apple pie. It’s an innocent enough action on the surface, but Natasha can see Tony literally freezing in place from the other side of the kitchen. And really, the action is anything but innocent in every way that matters.“Grow up, Stark!” Clint mutters from somewhere behind her. “Just take the damn plate!”Natasha doesn't bother suppressing the displeased curls of her lips. Punching the man won't fix anything, but damn if it wouldn't be satisfying. It's not going to help Tony though, and right now he looks like he desperately needs some. She’s going to kick Clint's ass later. Tony doesn’t take it. His wide eyes flicker back and forth between the plate Steve’s holding out with a pleading expression and the nearest door that will grant him an escape from the situation. Being put on the spot like this only makes him more anxious, makes the slight tremble in his hands more visible, and Natasha has had enough.“Give me that!” she snaps, rips the plate out of Steve’s hand and throws it onto the ground. The plate shatters. Steve gapes at her but she doesn’t even let him get the question out. “I’m sick of this shit you’re pulling here!” she continues in a righteous fury that’s been building up for six months and finally found an outlet. “You need to back up, Steve! I d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Bitter Sunday
The Author is Bitter™
Team Cap Critical
Team Iron Man
Team Tony
Natasha Romanov Friendly
i guess?
Protective Natasha
Pissed Natasha
Not All Problems Lead Back To Tony
But Some Of Them Do
Steve Tries To Fix Things
Steve means well
But He Goes About It All Wrong
Clint is an ass
bad language
Post Civil War
Post Captain America: Civil War
Civil War fallout
Aftermath
Consequences
Tony Needs a Hug
Forgiveness Is Never Deserved
That Poor Apple Pie Tho

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

