Work Text:

A slip of a lazy arm against a pile of textbooks is what yanks Peter Parker out of his daze. A small yelp escapes his lips in realization of one deadly mistake: he didn't call Aunt May. Too occupied in his latest experiment, he overstayed in one of Tony Stark’s labs. He's the worst hypocrite when it comes to Peter’s curfew. 
 
He scrambles for his phone, cringing at the missed calls. A dumb move on his part - do not disturb works to keep him focused and also doomed. She picks up immediately. “Peter! I've been calling all night--” She broke off into a wild ramble, and Peter just waited it out. 
 
He bit his lip. “I'm sorry, Aunt May. I crashed during my studies…” There was a sigh on the other end. “I'll be home soon.” 
 
“It's almost three, Peter. I was worried sick! I even called Tony,” a cringe at the first name basis found itself on his face, “But he didn't pick up.” 
 
“I'm sorry,” he apologized again. He leaned back in his chair. His unfinished project glared at him, jealous of the attention. “I got caught up. I'm the worst.” 
 
“It's dangerous out there. A lot of crime has been happening lately! I don't want you staying out too late.” 
 
Peter smiled wryly. He'd know about the crime lately. In fact, he's sporting a giant bruise under his Star Wars tee. “I'll be careful.” 
 
She paused, seeming to be thinking. “It would be better if you stayed the night…” Peter perked up. 
 
“Yes! Yes, it would!” He looked back at his neglectful experiment. “Thanks, Aunt May!” 
 
“I love you,” she said. “Make sure you get some sleep!” Peter said a “I love you” back before ending the call. He grinned, pumping a fist in the air. 
 
While sleeping over at the Avenger’s tower wasn't his favorite thing, Peter has done it a couple times now. More than once before, he's fallen asleep there. Every time, he feels like he's imposing. Like he doesn't belong. 
 
He's sure 

Tony 

wouldn't mind. A fellow scientist would understand. He went back to tinkering with his prototype of a self manufacturing web fluid factor. It's quite large and going to be very difficult to hide. He might have to keep it at his internship, but if Tony finds it he's not sure how to explain his whole “I'm secretly Spider-Man” ordeal. 
 
And, of course, being the largest (physically speaking) of his typical lab projects, he finds himself short of the proper tools. He looks around him for a hammer and falls short. Tony’s tool box is a few tables away. He'd be a dead man if he took them, though. 
 
Well, without asking anyways. Not a bad idea to find Tony, not a bad idea to ask. If he values his life that is. Which he does. 
 
The tower is terrifying at night. Nothing a 

superhero

 can't handle, but a spider bite isn't going to stop him from being scared. 
 
“Mr. Stark?” he calls out. “Excuse me? Mr. Stark?” 
 

Is he in trouble? 

 
He's Iron Man, so it's not impossible. Aunt May said that he didn't pick up, which just rings in his ears as the silence grows and grows.
 
Whispering can turn into speaking, which can turn into yelling then screaming. Silence is silence. Somehow, the silence is louder and louder with each step he takes. 
 
He gulps. “Mr. Stark!” His voice echoes throughout the quarters. He could be on any floor, the tower has hundreds, but he's usually in the common rooms if not his bedroom, which he had already tried. 
 
“Tony!” His desperate voice screeches so loudly and so childlike that he doesn't recognize his own voice right away. 
 
No response. 
 
He could just be out at the store. 
 
No, no. Tony Stark doesn't just go to the store. Jarvis shops for him. If he had a meeting or a conference, he would have said something. 
 
He had to have been kidnapped. 
 
Peter felt naked without his Spiderman suit. Push comes to shove calls for an unexpected bravery. Secret identity aside. 
 
“T-Tony?” He's done some serious stuff before. 
 
When he's not in his costume, he feels like a fifteen year old. 
 
He is a fifteen year old, whether or not he's dressed up or not. Still, it makes him different. 
 
“Not funny!” He calls out, hoping he's just trying to play some type of prank on him. “Tony! Are you h-here?” 
 
He's stepping into the living room when he hears a loud crash. 
 
He spun on his heels and ran towards it. “T-Tony!” He screeches, pushing the door open and the next five seconds passing in a flash. 
 
In his blind rage, he had slipped on some weird liquid spill on his way to “rescue” Mr. Stark. He found himself face down on the floor, his clothes drenched. 
 
He doesn't move for a couple moments. 
 
“An intruder?” A man’s voice inquired sharply. He sucks in his breath. 
 
“An intern.” 
 
He wants to sob. 

Tony. 

 
Arms grab him and he's hoisted to his feet. A rosy pink blush dusted his cheeks. “An idiot intern,” Tony says fondly. “Did you call me ‘Tony’?” 
 
“I thought you were in danger!” he insisted, crossing his arms. 
 
“I win! You finally called me Tony!” He cackled. “Down with the Mr. Stark BS.” 
 
“Not fair! I was just 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Peter is an intern
Secret idenity
Peter Parker and the Avengers team
they don't know he's spoderman
Peter Parker & Avengers - Freeform
Kid Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Peter-centric

fandom: 
None
