Work Text:

Tonight
            It’s far from the first time he finds himself deep inside her, thrusting slowly as she comes apart beneath him.  But there’s something different about this time, in the way her nails rake down the sweat-slicked skin of his back, the way her legs grip at his hips as he moves, the way her heart pounds beneath his mouth as he licks a line up her breast.                                                *                      *                      *

Very Early Spring


            “It’s just something that friends do,” Darcy says, smirking across the couch at him the first time she makes the suggestion.  It’s a combination of post-battle endorphins and worry and alcohol that has her bringing the topic up during the impromptu festivities in the Tower after the dust settles.  “I know it may offend your delicate 1940s sensibilities –“

            Steve cuts her off with a raised eyebrow.  “Really?  You don’t think that people back in the day were having sex without being in love?  Especially in the middle of a war zone?” Steve says, trying not to match her smirk for smirk.

            “Oh, shut up.”

            “Seriously,” Darcy says later, when they’ve snuck away to a mostly hidden balcony for some fresh air – and to escape the rapidly escalating festivities inside.  Thor’s already broken out his Asgardian homebrew much to the delight of a few of his teammates, but Steve’s in the mood for some peace and quiet instead.

            Darcy insists she is not drinking his homemade hooch ever again.  Not after the last time.

            “I don’t want to ask anything more than what you’re willing to give,” she says, sitting down on one of the loungers Tony (or, more accurately, Pepper) arranged out there, “but I’d bet anything we could be so good together.”

            Steve leans against the railing, hair buffeted about by the slight winds that are omnipresent at this height, and sees the glowing expanse of Manhattan’s buildings and life laid out before him.  If he was more of a painter he would love to try and capture the image, preserve it for years to come to remember the way those lights and those lives look at that very moment, but his skills wouldn’t be able to do the memory justice.  “Is that a gut feeling?” he asks her.

            “Yup,” Darcy says with a decisive nod.

            It wouldn’t at all be a hardship, Steve thinks, rather suddenly.  Darcy is undoubtedly attractive, and there’s a part of him that wouldn’t at all mind having that closeness with someone once more.  Especially with someone who knows all aspects of his life, not just the officially sanctioned cover story from SHIELD.  That may explain why the few attempts at dates he’d made in the 21st century ended up being first dates only.

            “Will you still respect me in the morning?” Steve says, smirking.

            “Only as much as I respect you now,” Darcy grins back.

            (If it helps him feel not as lost in the woods in this modern world, all the better, she thinks.  Even after being awake for over a year he still gets that look on his face all too often, and she hates seeing someone who’s become that good a friend look so sad.)

            That night, they have sex for the first time right there on that lounger, and even though the air’s cold neither one of them notices it.

                                                *                      *                      *
            One thrust hits her in just the right way, making Darcy arch her back hard until her breasts are pressed up against his chest and her eyes are squeezed shut.  She moans through gritted teeth, and Steve leans down to suck first at her upper lip and then her lower one.  “Please,” she whispers brokenly into his mouth, pressing her heel into his ass to bring him even closer to her.                                                *                      *                      *
            This arrangement is easy and convenient for both of them.  Steve spends so much time working, being sent out on missions and saving the day as Captain America that having a social life is pretty much out of the question.  This is also why he always turns down the dates Natasha attempts to set him up on – or so he tells himself.  And Darcy, well, she considers herself to be far too free to be tied down to any man.  She works just as hard, wrangling the scientists in the SHIELD labs at all hours of the day so she doesn’t really get out much herself.  But their paths cross frequently throughout the weeks, and sometimes all it takes is a shared glance or a quick press of the hand as they pass in the halls to let them know that the other is watching.

            Sneaking around is part of the fun, Darcy has to admit.  Between her studio, his apartment, his rooms in Stark Tower (where JARVIS is under strict orders not to divulge what he sees in Steve’s room – Tony would never let them hear the end of it), hidden nooks and alcoves in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
beardy!steve
Porn
Feels

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

