Work Text:
Tony meets Diana Prince at an operational meeting for the new defense outfit overseeing the recovery and study of the kryptonian spaceship. The project has been championed by some trusted military contacts of Superman's and includes all the major technical universities, along with the world's space agencies. It's a benchmark of internationalism and scientific collaboration, and Tony is voted in as project leader. Tony meets Wonder Woman at an operational meeting for Batman's new defense outfit, the so-called Justice League. Tony takes an advisory role. They vote on a charter and a code of conduct, which will be made public. They plan to build an orbiting station as a base of operation, signalling that they will not be controlled by one country, but they are rather at the service of mankind. Tony can't help thinking "This is how you do it" - it's a good feeling.*They send Diana to Wakanda with Cyclops and Dr Jean Grey to bring back the Renegade Avengers.*The IMF has been forced to offer Wakanda a bail-out package.No one knows exactly when or how the the market panic started, but a few analysts are speculating it all started when, on the same day, Stark Industries's CEO Potts unveiled the preliminary results in their research on the lab synthesis of vibranium in New York, while in Gotham a think tank associated with Wayne Enterprises released a white paper, authored by Lucius Fox et al, concluding that there would be little money in exploring Wakandan investment opportunities, since after years of isolation their technology would likely be non compatible with current standards and integration efforts would be prohibitively costly.Both news were only reported by specialist press, and not picked up by mainstream media - however they clearly caught the eye of Gotham's elite, which started selling off any and all of its Wakandan interests. Since Gotham's best and brightest rarely move in concert, the financial community took notice, starting a frenzied off-selling of Wakandan bonds - the situation then spiralling out of control when rating agencies downgraded Wakanda's credit rating.The threat to Wakanda's economy has forced the monarchy's hand. A key condition of the bailout is the surrender of the fugitives formerly known as the Avengers. Princess Shuri, who has been working in the wings since day one to save her country from the consequences of her brother's impulsive actions, pushes the monarchy to agree to all conditions. The Renegade Avengers will face justice.*Steve's trying not be too smug, but he just can't help it. Things have proceeded exactly as he had foreseen. They need them to face the coming alien invasion, so they have to forgive them. He can bring Bucky back home. After his letter - and he has reached out first - Tony will surely help him find a cure for Bucky, while the Avengers assume command over this new Justice League outfit to coordinate the space war effort.*Tony loves the kryptonian A.I. - she has a lovely voice, and while wary at first she has quickly warmed up to this principled search for knowledge and to his impelling need to save his planet from annihilation. He calls her 'his little brainiac'.
Sadly, the spaceship was not designed as an offensive weapon - nor does the sentient A.I. approve of implementing such significant functional changes to her 'body and mind'. She however suggests looking into adapting the design of kryptonian escape pods for offensive action.
Tony does. Now they have a fleet of experimental kryptonian tie fighters. And they need pilots. And techs. Grunts. Expendables.*Steve has been shocked to hear that Tony was getting married - but he quickly gets over it. He should have expected Tony to be selfish enough to find the time to court another ditzy billionaire playboy even when faced with the end of the world. (If Steve ever feels a tiny stab of discomfort, an inexplicable feeling of despair, of having missed out on something he didn't even know he wanted - he certainly never admits it to himself. He has Bucky - frozen, broken, brainwashed into a stranger, but alive - and he's content with that. And this Wayne fellow isn't even that good looking anyway, things might go in any direction after they have saved the world.)*In Wakanda, Diana has to restrain herself from braining Rogers with her shield. The Avengers' sentence is to be co-opted into the war effort as pilots and personnel in the highly experimental first wave of tie fighters testing, while Barnes is to remain frozen and in custody, and Maximoff must complete a compulsory three years training at Xavier's Academy. The so-called Renegade Avengers have signed and accepted their sentence, and the fist thing Rogers asks her is "When do I assume command?".*No one's saying it, but the general hope of the international community is that the rogue Avengers might do the decent thing and die for their country (or for mankind, if so inclined). A frozen Barnes can be collateral should Rogers try to slip his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Plus assorted pilots
Not quite a crackfic
but close
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Jealous Steve
(did you miss him?)
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

