Chapter 1: Chapters 1-3
    




Chapter Text
Tony leaned his head back against the honey-colored oak paneling behind him with a dull, satisfying thunk.  He drew his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around them, hands balled into fists.  He could still hear them, muffled voices creeping through the woodwork, mapping out a future he didn’t want.  Not that such a minor detail mattered. 
Some of the voices were familiar enough.  His parents, of course.  His father, smiling brightly while he negotiated his only child’s life away to a virtual stranger, and his mother, tight-lipped, and watery-eyed, but not a hair out of place.  A part of him still couldn’t quite believe they were going to do this, despite the years of disappointed looks that turned into gazes that slipped right through him, like he wasn’t even there, which was somehow far worse.  At least he could be useful like this, he supposed.  That’s what Howard said.  Help cement the company’s ties with the military or some such crap Howard wanted to believe.  Years without a war made everyone in the business of war nervous, and it had been too long since the world tested out its own stupidity.
Obie was in there, too, at his father’s side like always, pushing for every inch they could get out of the deal.  That was what Obie was good at.  Closing the deal, the particulars, the details.  Dotting the I’s and crossing the T’s.  Or, more specifically, making sure the company, God forbid, didn’t get screwed in whatever deal it was Tony’s father hatched. Howard had come home from one of his business trips practically frothing at the mouth over this guy, and Obie probably worried he’d sign over half the company to get an Alpha like that to take Tony.
He wondered if that was awkward for Obie.  Negotiating over Tony.  He hoped it was.  He hoped it was weird and uncomfortable and all the things he’d felt sitting in his mother’s parlor listening to infomercials while she calmly explained that Obie had offered to take him through his first Heat.  A shiver of distaste curled up his spine and settled in his stomach as he remembered the shocked horror he’d felt at hearing that had even been on the table.  Sure, his Heat had been a blindingly unpleasant experience without an Alpha, but, God, Obie?  He’d known the man his whole life.  And he was at least three times Tony’s age.  And he was…he was Obie.  The idea of…well, of doing that with him slammed shut some kind of door in his mind that he just steadfastly refused to open. 
A choked, bitter huff of a laugh escaped him as he thought of the stilted dinner conversation that followed.  Of all his pleas to his mother to make sure that didn’t happen, it had been his father who, surprisingly, had put his foot down on the whole thing.  Not because he particularly cared that Tony didn’t want to, which was, on the list of things his father cared about, somewhere down around whether or not the grass cared if it got cut, he figured, but because, Tony recalled Howard saying, some Alphas wanted an untouched Omega.  So, really, just keeping the options open.  Good to know where he stood, he thought with a distant, hollow burning threading through his chest.  It was a strange day when his interests aligned with what Howard wanted for him, but, hey, if his father wanted to be a traditionalist all of a sudden, fine by him. 
Just thinking about his Heat made his stomach turn and chest heave with shuddering breaths.  It had been years since he first hit puberty, and the beginnings of what would settle into his Heat cycle started.  He’d thought he was prepared for it.  He’d read the little yellow pamphlet his mother had given him, with the brightly smiling Omega walking on a sparkling beach, enjoying the warmth of the sun while her toes dipped in the waves, thrilled to be welcoming her first Heat. 
Yeah, no.
Heat, a real Heat, was nothing like that, as he’d learned last month when his body finally decided it was ready to kill him slowly and painfully for a few days because of one tiny little, utterly useless quirk of genetics.  Fucking fuck, that had been awful.  Hell, he’d have taken Obie and his creepy old man dick by the second day if he could’ve gotten it, but, instead, he’d been given a case of Powerade, some protein bars, a bathtub filled with cool water and a few anatomically questionable toys.  Most of the worst of it was a hazy cycle of pain and need that, thankfully, he could barely remember, except nothing had been enough, no matter what he did, and fuck, he’d tried everything he could to find whatever it was his body demanded, but nothing worked.  Everything he’d tried left him in a frustrated state of over-simulation, chasing a release that he couldn’t quite find no matter how many times he came, until he was empty and open and sore as fuck.  It was never enough. 
He’d woken up on the fourth day feeling like he had the worst hangover of his life, his dick red and chafed and so damn sensitive it hurt to touch, his hole
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Celestial Navigation
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Bottom Tony
Age Difference
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

