Work Text:
1. There's a knock on the door. Clint's eyes fly to Phil's shape under the blanket on the sofa, but Phil merely stirs and grumpily mutters something. Still, Clint jogs to the door on the balls of his socked feet, because Phil needs all the rest he can get on his one day off in longer than Clint wants to remember, and Clint isn’t having anyone waking him without due cause."We're pranking Rogers," Stark announces when Clint cracks the door open. "You in?"Clint considers a range of responses ("What?" "Are you mad/suicidal/really that bored?" “Who have you been talking to?”), but let's face it, Rogers can stand to loosen up a bit – no one at SHIELD would dare prank him, which Clint happens to think is just daft – how else is the guy supposed to know he’s one of theirs? The man’s okay, he can take a joke, and treating him like some kind of demi-god just pisses him off. Anyway, Phil always looks slightly less like he might snap and shoot Stark full of tranquilisers when he’s kept busy and away from explosives, so Clint decides to be a good boyfriend and help him out with that."Sure," he says. Stark grins this really rather ominous grin, throwing his fist in the air in triumph. Clint briefly considers the fact that this is Rogers they're talking about, and Phil might skin him alive if they make Cap cry; but, hell. What is life without a little adventure?He is not nearly as confident when he hears what Stark has planned, but by then there is a menorah-shaped Christmas tree in one corner of the room and Steve is wearing a Santa hat with bats hanging off its rim, and three-quarters of the Avengers and assorted others are getting thoroughly hammered on eggnog vodka punch (funnily enough, everyone BUT Thor and Steve, who keep drinking it like it's water, and Barnes and Nat, who probably think it is water), and all Clint can do is drop his face in his hands and groan in despair. Fuck, he needs him some of that punch like yesterday."No I'm serious," Stark slurs, one arm around Steve's shoulders, leaning in and looking him earnestly in the eye. “Isn't this the best? December 2nd is all-winter-holidays-mesh-up day! Look, I brought you a hat, oh, wait, you're wearing the hat, isn't that the best hat ever? I love that hat, you're lucky I let you wear it because I totally plan to keep it.""I thought you had it just lying around from last year’s celebration?" Steve says innocently, drinking more of his punch and watching Stark get a pinch in the corners of his eyes that betrays the frantic activity in his brain as he’s well and truly caught out. "Say, this stuff is delicious. We should have it again on actual Christmas. This is fun, Tony, thank you for telling me about this holiday. I wonder why more people don't celebrate it? We should spread the word, bring a little more cheer into their lives."Clint and Stark both stare at Steve with varying degrees of disbelief. Clint, having had slightly less booze than Stark at this point (if only slightly), narrows his eyes and searches Steve's face. It's completely serene and relaxed, but there's something about his eyes...A loud, ineffectually-stifled snort comes from the corner by the menorah Christmas tree. Clint tears his eyes away from the puzzle that is Steve Rogers and finds Barnes and Nat curled cosily together, drinking pint glasses of the punch and looking not the least bit affected. It's Barnes who is biting into a knuckle, eyes dancing gleefully where they're fixed on Steve and Stark."Ten bucks says a week," Nat drawls.Barnes takes the finger out of his mouth and shakes his head vehemently. "No way, Steve’s the best at this shit 'coz no one believes he could be such a--a troll, right? That's the word? Seriously, I'm telling you -- but if you want I should take your money, you're on. Twenty says a month at least."Nat scoffs. "Not even Rogers can pull that off for so long."The grin on Barnes' face is devastating, ten parts vicious anticipation to three parts pure evil. "Oh, babe, you ain't seen nothing yet."He grunts the next moment when Nat elbows him right in the ribs for that little slip. She isn't pulling her strength, either. Clint might snigger, he's not admitting to anything. Barnes sends him a filthy look from his crunch of pain.Meanwhile, Steve and Thor are chatting by the garlands of bats and pumpkins and snowmen, leaning comfortably against the mantelpiece covered in fake snow."Yeah, I tried it," Steve's saying. "Kinda strange, playing with yourself, but I could get behind that."On the sofa, Stark starts choking on his drink, hacking up a lung while Bruce pounds him on his back, biting down on his lip with how obviously hilarious he's finding the whole thing. His eyes catch Clint's; he raises a speaking eyebrow, and this is when Clint finally realises just how utterly fucked he is. Phil is going to give him a what-for when he finds out, sure as anything. His own fault, really, getting entangled in one of Stark's hare-brained schemes and not taking into ac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship
hints of Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Captain Sasspants
Sassy Steve
sassy bastard Steve
Prank Wars
Tony Stark is a bastard
Tony Stark is a tease
Tony Stark is also a sure thing
Thor is a fan of Midgardian music
Thor doesn't understand Midgardians
the Lady Khia's ode to female satisfaction betwixt the sheets
Clint is a coward who hides in the vents
Clint is a Good Boyfriend
Bucky Barnes is the worst friend
chocolate dicks
Steve is a fan of greens
holiday celebrations
socially awkward courtship rituals
feeeeeelings
Panties
Steve wearing panties
Tony Feels
Natasha Feels
i love this team
Post-Iron Man 3
riding like a cowboy a prize stallion
non-spoilery reference to Agents of SHIELD ep. 9
Steve is the biggest troll
Thor misses home
waxing lyrical about Asgard
Found Families

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Background Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship
hints of Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Jane Foster/Thor

