Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You're telling me that I'm going to have to sue for custody?” Tony asked, absolutely stymied.  It happened pretty often when he was talking to someone from his legal department, but he never really got used to the sensation of having lost touch with reality somehow.  The law had very little to do with reality.  He'd figured that out somewhere along the way.  “Sue who for custody?  He doesn't even have a biological mother.  What-  Am I supposed to find the Harry Potter villain who did this and serve him or her a subpoena?”Josephine Rochester wasn't amused.  She wasn't intimidated, either.  Of course, she'd been the head of the legal department of StarkIndustries for five years now, so she'd dealt with worse than his sense of humor.  “The situation with DJ is rather difficult,” she said.  There was a stack of folders on the desk in front of her, and she rested one carefully manicured hand on top of them.  “We have to take this very carefully.”“I don't pay you to tell me things are difficult,” Tony ground out.  “I'm aware that they're damn well difficult, Josephine.  Why are you telling me this?”“You don't pay me to blow smoke up your ass, either, Mr. Stark,” she said, her voice hard.  “You pay me to do the best I can with what you give me, and stay on the gray side of legal.”  She set her hands on the table, her fingers spread.  Her nails were perfectly manicured, sharpened to a hard point, but they were pained a delicate, shell pink, obvious against the dark brown of her skin.  Her crisp suit was a shade or two paler, a creamy linen with only the faintest hint of a blush to the tone.  “So here is the reality of our situation.“You have a boy with no paperwork, no records, no obvious origin, and, yes, no mother.  Genetically, he is identical to you, or so close that any difference is immaterial.  You can bring every magic user in town to come and testify on your behalf, but it is far more likely for any governing body to decide that DJ is the result of an illegal cloning experiment.”“That's ridiculous,” Tony snarled, his head throbbing.  He scraped a hand over his face.  “That's-”“That's something that they can understand, Mr. Stark.  That's within the realm of their understanding.  The government has a rather unhappy relationship with the concept of magic.  There is no legal precedent for magic, and judges?  They very much like precedent. “The Chitauri invasion doesn't count?” Tony asked.  He slumped a little lower in his chair, his foot rattling against the floor.  “I would think that would count as precedent.”“Most people don't think of that as magic,” she said.  She sounded tired, but she wasn't giving ground.  “Yes, the world is changing every day.  And honestly, Mr. Stark?  The simplest answer is usually a lifeline in chaotic world.   And the simplest answer here is that he is a clone.”Tony stared at the surface of the desk.  “And what does that mean?”She took a breath, her nostrils flaring, her lips going into a tight line.  “That means there is a chance that he will be subject to removal by the state.  If they determine that he is a human being that has been, and likely will continue to be, subject to be scientific experimentation, they will remove him from your care.”Tony's shoulders hunched forward.  “Over my dead body,” he said, and the words were still and quiet, no rage, no exaggeration.  He glanced up, meeting her eyes.  “Do you understand that.”It wasn't a question, but she answered anyway.  “Let's hope it doesn't come to that.”  She shook her head.  “If this becomes public-”“It can't,” Tony said.  “Absolutely.  Can.  Not.  That is priority number one, do you understand that?”“I understand, but I don't understand why,” she said, frustration bleeding into the words.  She pulled herself up short, her professionalism kicking in.  “He's an adorable child, and he clearly adores you.  Why won't you let the PR department use that?”“Because the-”  He stopped, and scraped a hand over his face.  “The person that did this, the, well, for the lack of a better word, the wizard that did this-”  He felt stupid even saying the damn word, even though this was his life now.  “The wizard that did this, that gave him the capability to be human, we still don't know where he or she is, or even if the bastard is still alive.”He stared down at his hand where it rested against the polished surface of his desk.  “The first time he or she made 'contact' for lack of a better world, Dummy made a mess of his astral projection.  According to Strange, that could've injured the caster, or even killed him or her.  But we don't know.  “So our buddy the wizard might still out there, and may not be aware that Dummy or DJ is still fine, still in control of the spell that was put on him, and still capable of being either a human child or a bot.  The wizard might be dead, biding his or her time, or completely unaware of the situation.  We don't know.”“What do we know?” Jo asked.“We know what we have to do t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kid Dummy - Freeform
Kidfic
Parenting a bot
custody battles
background Phil Coulson/Clint Barton - Freeform

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

