Chapter 1: lust (i just wanna be touched)
    


Summary:

Clint/Darcy, "mile high club" and "sharing a bed". Slightly AU where Clint sort of takes over Ian's role in Thor 2 and is also temporarily on loan as a bodyguard/employee of Darcy's dad, who I borrowed along with her mother and anyone who recognizes where they came from gets all the high-fives.



Notes:
Title is from "Pumpkin Soup" by Kate Nash.




Chapter Text
They step inside the plane’s bedroom, and Clint immediately targets and solves the problem, because that’s his job. “Right. I’ll take the chair.”
His client, of course, disagrees, because if the insanity of the last nine hours has taught him anything, being a problem (and a target) is Darcy Lewis’s job. “Oh my God, Barton, grow up,” she snaps, yanking off her hat with a crackle of static electricity and throwing it on the chair. The chunky pink knit is covered in filth and debris, but even if it was clean it would look ridiculously out of place on the modular cream leather, let alone the crisp white of the decorative throw pillow that coordinates perfectly with the bed’s starched linens.
There’s probably a metaphor or something in there, but Darcy’s parents don’t pay him to wax poetic, they pay him to do, well, all sorts of things. But right now it’s to get their daughter back home, despite the fact that England’s cancelled all commercial flights due to its very own alien invasion. Which he has done, and Edward and Vivian Lewis don’t need to know about how he helped Darcy set up the metal tripods that bent reality enough for Foster and Thor to obliterate Two-Face’s Goth cousin.
They definitely don’t need to know about the car.
“Despite what my parents have apparently told you—and seriously, we’ll be discussing that, they know better—I’m an adult, and you’re an adult.” She’s taking off her scarf, and waves it in the general direction of his arm. “A dumb adult who stands between people and shattering windows, but I’m willing to believe you’re a big boy.” She pauses, looks thoughtful. “Huh. I avoided innuendo and everything. Go me.”
Clint can’t help it, he snickers. Darcy might be crazy, and he definitely thinks she needs to work on this poor little rich girl thing, but she’s kind of like him. Except in the ways that matter, of course, but the girl knows how to crack a bad joke, especially at herself, which he can appreciate. “Nice, kid. As your reward, you can have the bed, all to yourself.”
“Clinton, are you trying to oppress me with your patriarchal norms?” She peels off her gloves, tosses them on the chair. Christ, at this rate, nobody will ever be able to use the thing again, it’ll be so filthy. “I’m feeling a sort of false benevolence from you, what with this whole giving me something I don’t even want and acting like I owe you my obedience as a result. Should I be reading into the subtextual domesticity of our environment?”
“You tried to kiss me,” Clint points out, and it’s not because he has no idea what the fuck she just said, or because this is the first time he’s seen her without fifteen layers of winter gear on since he got here. No, Clint knows by now that he’s got chronic foot-in-mouth disease, and it’s going to be an issue until he dies.
Darcy lifts her chin defiantly. “Yes, I did,” she declares, “and you missed one hell of a classic romantic moment. Which is exactly why this makes sense. You think you get two chances at being the Scarlett to my Rhett Butler? Hell no.” Her coat she tosses at him instead, and he winces as one of its buttons smacks against his bandage. “I shower, you phone; then you shower, I phone. Or is not calling Jane in your orders?”
“No, ma’am,” he replies, and Darcy walks out of the room, cursing under her breath. Huh. He wonders if anyone else knows just how well she speaks Farsi.
* * * * *
In his shoes, Captain America might have believed that he just happened to wake up entwined with Darcy, but Clint knows better. He’s always been a light sleeper, especially after a mission, so he remembers the moments he woke up from his doze to feel Darcy’s gaze upon him, the deliberate shifts that pressed her face into his neck and her nipples just along the top of his forearm.
Of course, Cap would probably also admit it if he’d done anything like pull her closer, or if he’d breathed in the freshly-washed smell of her hair, so it looks like Clint’s no hero twice over.
Despite his best efforts, though, he is a professional, so the third time or so that the weight of Darcy’s stare pulls him out of sleep he lets her know it, cracking open his eyes with every bit of bleary unattractiveness he can muster. “Shit,” he mutters, moving to extract himself.
Either she’s faster that she looks, or the sheet he got in their divvying of the bedclothes has it out for him, but they’re still locked together and fuck, she’s so warm. “Don’t,” she whispers, snuggling closer with a tiny, delicate sigh.
It’s exactly what he needs to pull back, to look down at Darcy’s cute, sleepy face and se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Irene Adler (Elementary)
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Logan (X-Men)
Darcy Lewis/Sif
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis Smut Week
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Additional Warnings In Author's Note

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Irene Adler (Elementary)
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Logan (X-Men)
Darcy Lewis/Sif
Jane Foster/Thor

