Work Text:
In the eyes of God, Steve Rogers was dead.He was still breathing, still walking around, but he was dead.---… when a bondmate was killed in battle, the surviving alpha or omega would be given a version of the last rites, colloquially known as bond rites. These were similar to the usual last rites but included swearing that they would continue to ‘fight for God’. The knight would then return to battle or retire to a monastery; in the eyes of the church, they were considered spiritually dead, and they were to live a penitential life until their physical death. The expectation in either case was that they would not live long...
… slow decline in the popularity of bond rites from the mid-eighteenth century. Most Protestant denominations had ceased to endorse their versions of bond rites before the First World War, and the rites were formally removed from Catholic doctrine by the Second Vatican Council. The last notable recipient of the formal bond rites was Captain Steven Rogers (‘Captain America’; see Chapter 20)...
- A. W. Greenfield, Bonded Warriors: A History of Alpha-Omega Fighting Units.---Steve had already felt dead when he went to the chaplain in London to ask for the bond rites. The chaplain had nodded sadly, asked if he was sure, and then gave the rites with a practiced fluidity of a man who had performed them many times before.He promised to fight for God. He silently added ‘and Bucky’.Now he was walking around a New York that was achingly familiar and yet strange and unsettling at the same time.He still felt dead.At first, SHIELD sent him to see one of their therapists. He’d give her credit for being quick enough to see that he had nothing to say to her, at least. She asked if he wanted a priest. He asked for an army chaplain.Father O'Donnell was just back from Afghanistan, and the first thing he did was look around the room they were in and say, “Come take a walk.”They’d walked together to the park, the priest not trying to make conversation at all until they got there and found a reasonably quiet bench to sit on.“SHIELD expects me to tell you that the church doesn’t believe in bond rites anymore, and you should grieve and move on. That’s bullshit, Captain. I’ve given bond rites to a man in the field, and I’ll stand in front of God to say it was the right thing to do for him. But it’s not always right. Whether it was for you, that’s between you and God. I’m not going to try and convince you it wasn’t just because that’s what the higher-ups want.”Then he offered Steve a cigarette, and smoking with him was the most reassuring thing that had happened since he woke up. Before the serum he’d smoked asthma cigarettes, but only when his chest was bad. He’d come to associate smoking with feeling scared or helpless, so when he was given cigarettes as part of his army ration that’s when he smoked. When he needed to be doing something that wasn’t just staring into space. Now it gave him an excuse to sit and not talk. A little relative peace in a New York that seemed ten times as noisy as the one he left—a little space to think.After a few minutes Steve said, “It was right. But now—I should have died. And I didn’t. So I have to wonder if that means something.”“You didn’t promise to die, Captain. You promised to fight. Even if you have taken the bond rites, suicide is still a sin, and the Almighty damn well knows if you’re trying to pull suicide by heroism.”It felt like an accusation, like putting that plane into the Arctic was just an attempt to kill himself. “I didn’t—I had to—““Was there another option? Another way to save the city?”Steve shook his head. “No. None.”“What were you thinking of when you made the decision?”“I was thinking of Brooklyn burning. Of all the places I knew destroyed.”“Then that was a noble sacrifice. It’s about intent.” He gestured with his cigarette. “Anyone tell you that smoking causes cancer?” Steve shook his head. “Well, it does. But I still smoke. I’m not suicidal, just stupid enough to start when I was a kid, and now I’m addicted. Intent, Captain.” He proffered another cigarette, which Steve took and lit. “Do you want to die?”Steve coughed on the drag he’d just taken from his cigarette, shocked by the directness of the question. It took him a few minutes to compose himself to reply. “Isn’t that the point? I’m already dead. Just still walking around.”“Spiritually passed over, yes. But do you want to keep breathing?”Steve said, very quietly, “I just want it all to end.”Father O’Donnell nodded and paused for some long moments before saying, “Some people think that the bond rites were just the church trying to put their stamp on surviving bondmates going and getting themselves killed. I think they’re wrong. The bond rites were—are—there to stop bondmates from killing themselves with grief. You didn’t promise to kill yourself; you promised to fight for God. You promised to do something active. Something positive. Did you ever think of that?”Steve was glad of the cigarette. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

