Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Steve! Now!” Natasha yelled, giving away Steve’s location, but his super soldier speed still got him to Thanos before the warlord could react. Vision, Strange and Wanda were commandeering the Infinity Stones together, and there were rifts in the sky—portals opening—goddamn everywhere. Time and space were collapsing and in the midst of all the chaos, Steve reached the battered form of Thanos, and managed to hold him still with both of his hands.

Tony had reached the landing platform as well and was running towards Steve. Steve yanked the Infinity Gauntlet out of his back holder and flung it to him. They certainly didn’t need the gauntlet to kill Thanos—but it sure would be a lot cathartic. Tony whirled around and with a perfectly timed shot he catapulted it through the air—right into Thanos’ chest. Letting go of the body, Steve let Thanos fall right over the tower’s edge and stared after him.

After days, weeks, 

months

—it was over.

Well, ‘over’ was a relative thing. The whole structure of Tony’s tower was swaying precariously in the wind and lightning bolts of the storm all around them. Thanos’ army had done a number on New York, and the former Avengers Tower especially. The fiber of their universe was still tearing apart, and the building wouldn’t withstand it any longer.

“Are you alright?” Tony shouted to Natasha, who lay on the ground next to him.

Natasha nodded, her eyes wide. She had a bad cut that stretched all over her abdomen and bruises all over her face.

“Can you move?” Steve demanded.

Natasha shook her head. “I don’t think so.”

The tower quaked again, swaying violently. They all caught at struts to stay on their feet.

“We’ve got to get to the ground. It’s going to collapse,” Tony shouted. They could all hear the metal complaining as the tower swayed and bolts and struts started to wrench apart. “Suit’s power is down. I can only carry one at a time.”

Steve stared down at Natasha, and there was really no decision to be made here.

“Nat first!” Steve yelled over the wind and helped her stand up.

A beat passed. Iron Man’s eyes were staring at him, then the faceplate opened. Tony’s face was ashen and sweaty, his expression serious.

“I’ll come back for you,” he promised as he pulled Natasha into his arms.

“I know,” Steve replied, because no matter how much Tony might still hate him, this was something Steve knew. Tony would never leave him here to die.

Tony nodded, a jerky little thing, then swung the two of them over the edge of the platform, just as a bolt of lightning struck, so close that Steve felt the hairs on his left arm crisp.

Well. At least he’d be going down knowing that the world would see a new day.

There was a grating sound, and in a matter of seconds, Steve was down on the metal as the whole top of the tower swayed violently, metal screeching, then tilted sideways.

It was strange, but in that moment—even as it all came to an end—all Steve could do was think how sad it was that the tower would be destroyed—all these rooms he’d come to call ‘home’, at least for a while. He’d been happy here. Once.

The top of the tower tilted even further and Steve found himself looking down at New York. There were fires everywhere, smoke rising from the buildings nearby, and then, a couple of hundred feet below, a thin, burning, white line suddenly broke open in the air just below him. It started to widen quickly, radiating incandescent white light.


Another portal

, Steve realized, then gasped as Tony suddenly flung himself towards him from seemingly out of nowhere. He tried to fly them both off and away, but in that moment, the roof of the tower was coming towards them, smashing right into Tony’s suit. Steve caught at a large strut with one hand as Tony grabbed the collar of Steve’s uniform with the other, keeping them both from sliding right off the platform.

“Hold on to me!” Tony yelled as they skidded towards the rift. The portal got bigger and bigger, swallowing them slowly.

“Don’t let go,” Tony hissed, when it was clear that they wouldn’t be getting away. His faceplate was still open as his brown eyes bore into Steve’s. He clung to him, or maybe Steve clung to the Iron Man armor, it was hard to know who was gripping whom, because right in that second, the whole top of the tower broke away and fell into the portal forming beneath them.
 
* * *
 
“Hey,” a voice called. “Hey, wake up, will you?”

Steve slowly opened his eyes. Around him was a sea of color. Yellows, oranges, and reds.

He didn’t remember the world being so red.

Eventually he spotted Tony bending over him, still in the Iron Man armor, his face worried. It was a view that normally would have Steve confused, having Tony concerned about him. It wasn’t something they did these days. Worry about the other. But Steve’s head felt like it was splitting apart and he couldn’t quite be bothered about anything else.

“Oh God,” he murmured as memory came back. “We fell through a portal.”

“Really,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Civil War Fix-It
Avengers: Infinity War (Movie)
Dimension Travel
Camping
Survival
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Getting Together
Making Up
Angst with a Happy Ending
Steve Rogers Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
No character bashing

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

