Chapter 1



Summary:

I set up the Tony/Steve thing in this chapter, but fair warning: it gets railroaded right away, cause Tony just can't have nice things. Stay tuned for the second chapter for more details on that: Steve is gonna run into an 'old' friend ;)





Chapter Text
Steve was on his way to talk to Tony when he got the call. Clint, Natasha and him are to roll out in twenty minutes. He’s been told it’s gonna be a long one.He gets to the workshop, punches in his code and walks through the door. Tony is sitting at one of his worktables, muttering to himself and attempting to push Dum-E away as the robot unsuccessfully tries to hand him a smoothie. Steve sighs. The robot trying to feed Tony usually means that he hasn’t eaten in days. He can only hope that Tony got some sleep since they… Well. Better not to start thinking about that right now. He needs to stay on top of his game.“JARVIS, run that again but increase the log tenfold. No, wait, that wouldn’t…. We need to find a way to stabilize it somehow. I can’t see it. Get rid of this” - a sharp slicing motion of his right hand - “and move this here” -  Tony’s slender fingers are mesmerizing, and Steve stops for a moment so that he can take it all in.His body is wracked by a near-invisible shudder as he remembers the feel of these fingers inside him, stroking him just right, making his back arch… Steve shakes his head, refocuses. It’s really not the time.“Tony, do you have a minute?”The muttering doesn’t stop, although Dum-E swivels around and chirps excitedly when he sees Steve. He drops the smoothie on the ground, causing JARVIS to exclaim “Dum-E, pick that up at once!” and rolls towards him, enthusiastically extending a claw to greet him.“Hey Dum-E,” Steve pets the robot, who trails after him as he walks closer to Tony.“Tony.”Still no response. Steve sighs. “JARVIS? Can you get his attention please? I really need to talk to him for a minute.”“Of course, Captain Rogers.”The holograms disappear, and Tony’s hands freeze midair.“JARVIS! What the hell? I was on a roll here.”“I apologize Sir, but Captain Rogers is here and requesting your attention.”Tony swivels around and a range of emotions flash across his face, too quick for Steve to get a read on him. He seems to settle on wariness, leaning back slightly as he takes Steve in.“Hey.” He clears his throat. “How long have you been there?”“Not too long.” They both know that that means that Steve has tried and failed to get Tony’s attention several times already. Tony smiles ruefully, not apologetically though, never that, and spreads his arms, “Well? What can I do for you today? I’m pretty busy so make it snappy.”Tony’s eyes shift slightly away as he says this. Steve can recognize avoidance when he sees it, especially coming from the engineer, and he sighs internally. This is why he’s wanted them to sit down and talk about what happened. God only know what’s running through Tony’s mind right now. But the past few days have been a whirlwind of intelligence meetings as they tried to map out where to go next, culminating with his latest go order. He just hasn’t had the time to track Tony down and corner him into a conversation.“I’m about to head out on a mission with Clint and Natasha. We’re probably going to be gone a while.”“Okay...” Tony looks at him expectantly, raises an eyebrow, like he can’t quite believe that Steve would just decide to update him on his life for no other reason than his constant hope that Tony will one day reciprocate.“Look, when I get back, I think we should talk about-”“I’m going to stop you right there Rogers, because you look like you’re about to give yourself an aneurysm.” Rogers.  Steve hates the way his surname sounds in Tony’s mouth, thrown at him to deflect his attention."Tony, listen-"But he doesn't get a chance to finish his sentence, because he gets interrupted by his comm pinging and Coulson's voice in his ear. “Captain, transport is ready, they're waiting.”Tony crosses his arms, leaning back against the table fully now. His eyes have taken on a challenging glint, as if he’s looking for a fight. He tilts his chin up, looking for all the world like he’s readying himself for a blow. Steve almost reaches out to him but thinks better of it, figures it wouldn't be welcome. Tony tracks his movements, mouth set in a thin line. "I have to go but… We'll talk when I get back okay? Please? At least promise me you'll hear me out, then."Tony’s face shutters. "Fine." A terse response. A clear dismissal. Steve feels like he's going to choke on all the things he should be saying but can't. He has rarely been so weary of the Captain American mantle. “Take care of yourself while I’m gone okay?”Even as he’s talking, Steve knows it was the wrong thing to say. Tony sneers, the aggression that’s rolling off of him in waves is so thick it’s tangible, “I took care of myself just fine before you came out of the fucking ocean Cap, so I think I’m good here. But thanks for the concern, warms me up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Some Fluff
Self-Esteem Issues
PTSD
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Some humour
Panic Attacks
POV Tony Stark
POV Steve Rogers
POV Bucky Barnes
Feels
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
But basically angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

