Chapter 1: First Strike
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Thor.”The demi-god smiled when he saw James Rhodes and Pepper Potts.  “Son of Rhodes, Lady Pepper it is most fortuitous to see you.  I have been tasked with discovering if Niflheim’s gifts please you.”“About that,” Rhodes said holding up the key Thor had delivered on his previous visit to Earth.  “Tony built this.  I don’t have a single clue how that’s possible but I’m thinking you might be able to enlighten us.”Thor took a deep breath, his smile fell away.  “So it is as I suspected.  Nothing of Niflheim is confirmed but long has it been rumored to be the realm where the departed reside.  When I was informed that an armorsmith of Niflheim had broken that realm’s near sacrosanct policy of isolation to come to Midgard’s aid I could not help but think-”“There’s damn little Tony held sacred, too much of a rationalist,”  Rhodey replied.  “...His relationship with coffee notwithstanding.”“You haven’t seen Tony,” Pepper interjected.  “Haven’t seen this armorsmith closely have confirmed your suspicions?” “I have not, Lady Pepper,” Thor said gravely.  “What information I brought about his gifts to Midgard was relaid through Odin All-Father.”“Why not?” Pepper demanded.  “You thought it could be Tony, why wouldn’t you verify it?  I know my mythology, I know your father didn’t succeed in bringing Baldr back from the dead but success was a possibility.  Even after meeting you, I discounted myths like that one, until two weeks ago when I found myself holding something Tony Stark build three years after his death.”“Baldr?” Thor looked puzzled.  “Your brother,” Pepper prompted.  “He was slain by a mistletoe arrow, by Loki’s treachery.  Hela promised to release him from the Underworld if all objects alive and dead would weep for him.”Thor shook his head.  “Loki is my only brother.  My father did have a much younger brother, Baldr, who was killed by Utgard-Loki, not my brother Loki.  Utgard-Loki had been Jotunheim’s ambassador to Asgard in the days before the Jotun-Aesir War and Baldr was his opposite in the Aesir court.  When news of the Frost Giant’s war of conquest on Midgard reached Asgard, Baldr challenged Utgard-Loki to combat claiming that he had betrayed their friendship.  Utgard-Loki accepted his challenge saying that personal loyalty to a friend was a candle in a blizzard compared to loyalty he felt to his king and his people.  As the story goes, many believed that Utgard-Loki would allow Baldr to slay him to resolve the conflict of loyalties but it was not so.  The ensuing battle was epic, the prowess of both warriors awed those who witnessed it, yet in the end Baldr was slain.”“The quest to restore him from the dead?” Pepper asked with fragile hope.Thor shook his head, he put a hand under her elbow to steady her if the dashing of her hopes proved too much.  “Baldr was considered for the Einherjar after his death, it is a both a great and terrible honor.  Mistress Death does not willingly relinquish that which she has claimed. It is true that the Aesir have means to steal our greatest warriors back from her realm to preserve Asgard’s strength but there is a cost.”  Thor turned away from the renewed determination that filled Pepper and Rhodey’s expressions.  “You do not understand.  It is not a cost that we pay to have them back, it is a toll extracted from them by Mistress Death.  They do not come back as they were.  Do you think there was any price my father would not have been willing to pay to have my mother restored?  The Einherjar are Asgard’s finest warriors, stripped by death of everything but their dedication to the kingdom’s safety.  “Or to say more truly, only a single purpose may escape Death’s grasp.  We cannot command the purpose that returns with them.  The Einherjar are terrible indeed, Asgard’s answer to the Dark Elves’ Kursed.  They are remorseless, fanatical in the pursuit of their goals.  Only the most dedicated of Asgard’s fallen warriors are chosen to become Einherjar,” Thor grimaced, “To ensure that their goal would be Asgard’s defense.  Baldr was considered due to his brilliance in battle and his purity of spirit but my father did not accept Baldr’s nomination.  He had the soul of a poet and a philosopher, Odin All-Father decreed that none could know for cert what purpose lay closest to his heart.”“That sounds a bit like that ‘glorious purpose’ crap Loki was spouting during the Invasion,” Rhodes commented.“Sounds a bit like Rogers’ obsession with Barnes,” Pepper muttered under her breath.  “Aye,” Thor said to Rhodes.  “I had similar thoughts myself.  I had believe my brother dead for a year and the man I fought in the Battle of New York?” he shook his head.  “For a long time after that day I was convinced that the brother I loved had truly died in the Void and I would question the sanity of any who would claim to predict the goal would consume my brother’s heart and soul if h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War (AU)
Pro-Accords
Large Scale Warfare
Status Quo out the window
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
