Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was late autumn afternoon. Grey clouds rolled slowly over Manhattan shrouding the setting sun from view. The air was humid with mist and smog slowly condensing into a nasty drizzle.
Tony was lounging on his comfortable and pricy couch pointedly ignoring Steve’s rambling about team meetings. So what if he missed one, or all of them, they never discussed anything important anyway. And besides, watching Fury’s ugly mug for over an hour was a real downer. He obviously had better things to do. Like teach DUM-E how to do cupcakes, totally legit work. Bruce was doing a crossword-puzzle and sipping his god awful herbal tea, unconcerned with Steve’s lecture. Tony supposed that no one wanted to try and order him around anyway.
Suddenly the drizzle outside turned into an outright downpour and a low rumble shook the Avengers Tower. The superheroes looked at themselves confused.
‘Thor?’ Tony asked standing up from his sprawl and going to the vast floor-to-ceiling windows separating the lounge from his landing pad and balcony.
As if summoned, the god materialized outside, drenched from the rain, Mjölnir in hand and another figure huddled close to him. At first Tony couldn’t recognize who it was, then another lightning flashed and the inventor was left dumbfounded. It was not possible.
‘Is that Loki with him?’ Bruce asked quietly.
And indeed it was. The God’s of Mischief face was turned towards Thor’s chest, his hand tightly gripping the Thunderer’s breastplate, but it was definitely him.
The older god said something that made Loki shook his head in denial, but Thor didn’t relent and gently tugged him towards the stunned Avengers.
Tony could hear Bruce’s breathing speeding up and he himself felt a stab of anger in his chest, right next the arc reactor.
Then Thor stopped in front of them with Loki still pressed close to his side.
‘May we enter?’ The Thunderer asked Tony. Even being called the Avengers Tower now it was still Tony’s building. Rain was pouring down the god’s golden hair and face and his wet red cape seemed to weight ten times more than normal. Stark could almost swear that he looked much older than the last time they saw him.
‘What is he doing here?’ The engineer growled. Shouldn't he be rotting in a fucking dungeon somewhere deep under your fairy land?’
‘Please friends, let me explain,’ Thor started.
‘Then explain and better do it quickly, before I have Jarvis call Fury,’ Tony was seething. How could he bring the Trickster back here after all that happened in New York because of him? After all they went through and the damage the city and its people suffered.
He then heard a familiar voice, except that it was muffled and very faint.
‘Clearly your friends do not want me here brother. We should seek accommodations elsewhere.’
Loki’s voice was wrong. It lacked the god’s normal overwhelming presence and confidence. Instead it sounded strained and resigned.
'Nay brother, you require their healer’s assistance and a place where you can rest undisturbed. Please Anthony!’ The Thunderer begged and it was really heart breaking to listen. Tony quickly glanced at Steve and Bruce, then nodded.
'Alright, but no tricks, you understand?’
‘I can assure you, I am currently unable to perform any ‘tricks’ that you are so afraid of,’ Loki snorted, but it came out weak and without his usual malice.
Tony really looked at him then. Everything about the Trickster was off. His posture, his voice, the way he clung to Thor as if he was going to faint if he would let go. A dark blue cloak was draped over his shoulders  and head obscuring his face from view. Its glossy material shone with droplets of rain reminding Tony of stars on a cloudless night sky. He didn't like this, his gut told him something was about to happen, yet he motioned for them to come inside.
Thor let his wet cape drop to the floor and hugged Loki even closer. The younger god didn’t protest, which as far as Stark knew was out of his character, and let himself be hauled to the sofa.
‘I am not sure where to begin,’ Thor admitted looking lost.
‘Maybe at the beginning? When you left us and took Loki back to Asgard?’
‘It was as you say Steven. Upon returning home I handed Loki to the guards and they escorted him away. I then went to speak to the All-Father. I told him what transpired on Midgard, but he already knew everything thanks to his faithful ravens’ eyes - Hugin and Munin. He then promised he would judge Loki accordingly and justly and that I should not be concerned with him any longer.
There were skirmishes throughout the Nine Realms that demanded my attention and it was my duty as a prince to lead our army to put an end to them and restore peace anew.
Thus I believed in my father’s wisdom and left Loki in his hands, thinking that he would be judged fairly, took the Einherjar and with the aid of our sorcerers and the Tesseract, left Asgard. At the time Bifrost was still under construction, so there was no easy path between the realms fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts (in the background)

freeform: 
Blindness
Aftermath of Torture
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Tony tries to make things better
Odin's A+ Parenting
Magic and Science
Drama
Lots of drama
PTSD
Slow Build
long fic
Tony still has his arc reactor
FrostIron - Freeform
Blind!Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts (in the background)

