Work Text:
“For the record, I still think this is a terrible idea,” Nat said.Clint hunched further into his coat, hiding his scowl behind the one scarf he owned. “You’re the one who’s always saying I should start living in the moment more.” It was two weeks into December, he got that, but did it still need to be a billion degrees below zero already? How did it even snow when it was this damn cold?“True, but ‘living in the moment’ does not translate into ‘get hammered and tell your frat boy crush you’re in love with him at a Christmas party.’” She paused and caught several snowflakes on her tongue. It looked graceful, pretty. If Clint did that, he’d look brain-damaged.“I’m not in love with him,” Clint mumbled. Up ahead, the thumping sound of bass grew louder as the Sig Ep house came into view. It was the one house that existed outside of Greek Row in a residential district; Phil had once told him it was all due to the fact that Sigma Epsilon Chi was the oldest fraternity on campus and had their house built first. When the university had begun construction on the new Greek housing complex fifteen years ago, the Sig Eps had submitted documents that declared their house a historical landmark and subsequently were given the right to stay where they were. That was what happened when your fraternity held the long-standing reputation of being the smart guys.Clint knew a lot about the Beta Gamma chapter of Sigma Epsilon Chi. It might have had something to do with Phil getting a happy glint in his eyes whenever Clint let him babble random trivia at him. Clint had never had a desire to go Greek, but Phil loved it, and Clint liked things Phil liked, so what?“You’re not in love?” Nat made a tsking sound. “It took you thirty minutes to get dressed tonight.”“I haven’t done laundry in two weeks. Sue me. Can’t I just want to go to a Christmas party and look decent?”“This isn’t just a Christmas party. You’re asking Phil Coulson out tonight.”“Maybe.” Clint swallowed. “I said maybe I’d ask him out.” A party two days before everyone left campus to head home for the month-long Christmas break was the perfect opportunity, because it had a built-in escape hatch if things went to shit. And Clint knew, logically, that things could definitely go to shit. Statistically speaking, sophomore scholarship jocks majoring in criminal justice didn’t normally hook up with senior dean’s list fraternity vice-presidents who tutored them in stupid psychology courses. Clint's odds were running painfully long.Nat patted his arm. “Look, I know how you get this time of year. I just don’t want anything to happen tonight that’ll make you get more down, you know?”Clint sighed. “How ‘bout I promise not to do it if it doesn’t feel right?”“How about you promise not get shitfaced and make an idiot out of yourself?”He gave her a crooked smile and bumped his elbow against hers. “Okay, deal. No idiot-making.”“At least you picked a guy in the nerdiest frat on campus,” Nat observed as they passed a guy dressed as Doctor Who wearing a Santa hat camped out on the front steps between the house’s giant white columns, handing candy canes out to everyone. Nat unwrapped one and took a quick lick.“Oh my god, they taste like rum,” she said.“Happy Christmas, young lady!” the Santa Doctor Who called in a terrible British accent, and saluted her with a red Solo cup.“For the record, this is what you’re getting into,” Nat said, and stuck the rum candy cane back in her mouth.~Phil Coulson had been tutoring Clint for only a semester, but they’d been friends since the beginning of Clint’s freshman year. Clint had been playing a game of pool by himself in the student commons one evening when a guy in a hoodie with Greek letters on it wandered over and asked Clint if he could play a round with him. Clint, being wary of frat douchebags, had sniffed, “Sure,” thinking he’d smoke the guy and he’d move on. Most guys around Clint’s age hadn’t been taught at eleven to play pool by their brother.The guy had smiled and held his hand out to Clint. “I’m Phil Coulson,” he’d said, like they were at fucking job interview or something.“Um. Clint.” Clint had shaken his hand awkwardly before racking the balls. He’d wanted to ask the guy why he was hanging out with a no-name freshman, but he’d figured it didn’t matter. He hadn’t been looking for friends; the university was giving him a scholarship to be on the archery team, and Clint was there to get an education so he’d be able to do something with his life, unlike his deadbeat brother sitting in jail. Friends weren’t his concern.Twenty minutes later, when Clint had indeed smoked Phil’s ass, Phil had leaned against his pool cue and laughed, saying, “Well, shit, you just cost me ten bucks.”“What?” Clint had asked, completely thrown.“Tony—one of my frat brothers—bet me ten bucks I could come over here and get you to play against me and I’d win.”Clint had frowned, not sure what to make of that. “You thought you could beat me?”“Hell no, I’ve been watchi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
frat boys
Christmas Fluff
drunk boys having feelings
Feelstide 2013

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

