Work Text:

Mischief and Thunder

 
It wasn't every day that one had their world view shattered. Thor certainly wasn't used to it.
 “Can you repeat that, Father?”
 “This was not the first time you were sent down to Midgard. You were exchanged with a stillborn infant, a female. You lived on Midgard for twenty-one years. You married and had a child.”
 “Why do I not remember?”
 The Allfather closed his eyes, looking away.
 “I took those memories from you. You were killed. You were hysterical when you came back here, threatening to destroy Midgard. I did what I believed was best for everyone.”
 Thor could do nothing but stare at his father. He didn't believe he had ever felt such a level of betrayal. It wasn't even the fact that his father had sealed his memories away; it was the fact that he had a child. A child he had never had the chance to see grow.
 “My child?” he whispered, more afraid than he had ever been before.
 “You had a son.” Odin looked at him again, a small smile on his lips. “He lived.”
 “He lived...” Thor shook his head. “Then why did you not tell me? I had the right to know! I deserved to know!”
 Odin seemed to age in front of him.
 “I did not tell you because your son could not be found. Whatever occurred that night hid him from us. Heimdall could not find him.”
 “Then why tell me now?” Thor asked, trying to mask his anger at his father. He was sure it was unsuccessful. Loki had always been the one that was able to mask his emotions. Thor closed his eyes at the sharp pain that constricted his heart. No, he would not think about Loki. Not now.
 Odin sighed, raising from his throne.
 Thor stood still, watching his father approach.
 “After Loki fell… You have not been yourself. I can see how much the absence of your brother pains you.”
 “So you decided to tell me something that would pain me even more?”
 Odin shook his head.
 “No, my son. I decided to give you hope.” Odin reached out and gripped his shoulder. “Your son is on Midgard. We do not know where, but he is there. The rainbow bridge is restored, you may go look for him.”
 For a moment, Thor was frozen in place. His son. He could go find his son. He would go. It did not matter how long he would have to search for him.
 Thor nodded sharply and turned to leave. When he was almost at the doors he stopped.
 Without looking back, he asked, “His name?”
 “Harry,” Odin's whisper carried to him. “Harry James Potter.”
 

 
 
Harry grumbled as he stumbled out of bed. His damned wards kept buzzing in the back of his mind and wouldn't let him sleep. Damn Death Eaters and wanna be Dark Lords. Couldn't they attack at a decent hour? No, of course not, they had to try and sneak into his house when he was trying to sleep. On that note, what the bloody hell? He had gotten away from the Wizarding World and moved into the middle of nowhere, just so he could have some peace, but even so, those bastards always found him!
 Did he have some giant neon sign hovering over his house that everyone could see but him?
 Stomping out of his home, wand in hand and cursing up a storm, Harry stopped short when he came face to face not with a legion of wanna be Death Eaters or Dark Lords, but with a man slumped over, leaning against his wards, injured and clearly in pain.
 Now, Harry didn't have the saving people thing he used to have when he was a teen—Hermione had harped about it long enough for the message to sink in—but he couldn't in good consciousness leave a man in pain.
 Sighing, and hoping it wouldn't bite him in the ass later, he slowly approached the man. The man groaned and leaned away from him when he saw Harry.
 “I just wanna help,” Harry murmured softly.
 The man shook his head, “Stay away.”
 “I won't hurt you,” Harry said, taking another step closer.
 The man continued to shake his head, “Not safe.”
 Harry knelt beside the man, “You're safe. I swear, I mean no harm. I just want to heal you.”
 The man flinched when Harry laid a hand on his shoulder, blue eyes peering up at him. Harry gaped at the color. They were so bright that he could see them in the dark. Then, the man's eyes rolled back, and Harry was left with an unconscious stranger.
 “Bloody hell,” Harry muttered.
 Left with no other option—because leaving the stranger outside wasn't an option—Harry levitated the man into his home. He only hoped that Hermione never heard of this, he would never hear the end of it if she did.
Harry laid the man on the sofa in the living room, enlarging it to make it more comfortable, then he started to run a diagnostic spell on him.
“Fuck,” Harry whispered throwing a stunner at the man.
Fuck, fuck, fuck. This wasn't good. The obvious injuries aside, there was something like an imperius on the man, though it had what looked like a really strong confundus mixed in. The man was fighting it, but the spell was slowly eating away at him. It was… honestly, Harry didn't know what to call it. He had never seen, or heard, of anything like it.
He started healing the injuries first, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

