Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
As she rides the elevator down to the ground level from the Bourke and Hamilton offices, Darcy can’t help but bounce a little on her feet in excitement. At least she had planned ahead for this afternoon and worn flats instead of her customary heels to work. Heels, gorgeous though they are, can be a bitch on a normal day, never mind a day where she’s slated to meet up with the two of the X-Men for a test flight. X-Men on the whole, Darcy has found, seem to attract trouble, generally the kind that involves running, screaming, and mayhem, which, totally not conducive to heels, no matter how many cop shows you see with the lead female detective chasing down a criminal in five inch heels. Maybe if you practiced enough, you’d nail it, but Darcy isn’t willing to sacrifice any of her shoes to the cause of finding out simply for curiosity.She ignores the annoyed glares of her fellow passengers as the elevator stops yet again on another floor, the full capacity eliciting a groan from the waiting crowd. The work day was obviously already having taken a toll on everyone even though it was only noon. Eventually, someone starts jabbing the door closed button as soon as they reach a floor and, finally, Darcy is able to make her escape into the lobby. The other black-suited, stereotypical 9 to 5ers look like they had their souls sucked out already anyway, so she didn’t really have much merit for their judgment or glares. Out of consideration for her fellow coworkers, she did resist yelling ‘Freedom,’ a la Braveheart, so she is going to chalk that up as her contribution to playing well with others this week. Go team.Darcy quickly hails a cab and gives the driver directions to a private airfield on the outskirts of Manhatten. A glance at the clock on the dash tells her that, if traffic was slightly forgiving, she would be there just before Cyclops and Storm were set to arrive. With a brief word to the cabbie, she settles back for the ride, her foot still dancing in anticipation. It’d been too long since she’d been able to go flying and Scott was bringing down one of their new smaller planes, based off the Blackbird, for her to rub her greedy hands all over.It was nearing the end of her fourth month working for Bourke and Hamilton, a job she took in New York immediately after her graduation from Culver, Summa Cum Laude, thank you very much. With her shiny new Political Science degree clenched in one hand and a whole crap ton of uncertainty firmly clasped in the other, Darcy had delayed her acceptance to Colombia Law. While her life had never been exactly normal, what with her little mutant gene and spending most of her formative years attending Xavier’s school, her run in with a literal God of Thunder had kind of turned her world on its head. And then fucked it sideways, all without even paying for dinner first. Before her last semester at Culver, she spent a few weeks back at Xavier’s after the whole bad transformer autobot Destroyer in the New Mexico desert thing blew over, an event which kind of messed with her identity, purpose in life, and basically her whole sense of what the hell she was doing. Just the little things, obviously. The professor, as zen as always after his return from the almost dead, which was a story in and of itself, merely took her presence in stride, and welcomed her back to the fold while she sorted things out in her head. Of course, she had planned on being able to have some peace and quiet at Xavier’s while she figured out her life. Or, at least as much quiet as you can at a super secret school of mutants that also doubled as a front for an equally super secret mutant superhero squad. Which, to be honest, isn’t much.What she didn’t plan on was Scott’s dramatic return from the dead, not that she’s complaining about him apparently following in the steps of Professor X in the whole going against the laws of nature thing. Despite his perpetually strict personality, which certainly clashed with her own, less stick up your ass and do what you want, personality, she had a soft spot for the former teacher who had taught her a thing or two about engines and, later, about planes. With Scott’s return came Wolverine’s reappearance from wherever he had vanished after the whole showdown on Alcatraz Island with Magneto. After having to be the one to kill Jean on Alcatraz Island, Wolverine said little to any of the team once back at the mansion. Darcy, who was already at Culver at this point, had heard from Rogue after the fact that he had merely packed a bag, said goodbye to the few people he conversed with, stole another one of Scott’s bikes, and drove off. They hadn’t heard from him until he drove back up through the gates, lit up a cigar, and immediately found the beer in the fridge.Scott, still in his hospital bed after being recovered from Alkali Lake, had not been impressed.Kitty Pryde had commented that it was the weirdest ass homecoming the mansion had ever see
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Mutant Darcy Lewis
Mutant Rights
WWII era
More tags to be added
Sexual Content
Developing Relationship
Female Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Darcy's kind of smart about people
Plotty
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

