Work Text:
The first time that Pietro Django Maximoff saw Honey Virginia Stark was when he was nearly twenty two years old. He and his sister were sat in a small, run down bar sharing a plate of chips that they had managed to scrounge up the money to buy. Pietro had just managed to look up in time to see the redhead step out of her father's car in a place where was a lot of sunshine and cameras flashing. He had personally never seen anyone more beautiful. "Who is that?" He asked his sister, gesturing with his chip. Wanda looked around and her face twisted into a scowl when she saw the girl laughing with two other redheads. "That is Stark's bastard daughter, brother, doubtless a whore and a war profiteer besides." Wanda spat, "You deserve far better than her." 
Pietro forced any thought of her to the back of his mind, though it was impossible to forget her entirely. 

Which was useful, considering that the next time he saw her, he was both six years older and in a haze of pain and drugs. 

 Thor Odinson
 Pietro was surprised when Stark (Tony) sent him with Honey to Asgard. The way he played it off to Ross was that his daughter would require a bodyguard in the Realm Eternal (as Odin apparently did not take to kindly to those mortals gifted with magical abilities) but really it was so he would be safe from any risks the Accords talks could cause him. He was still healing after all.Thor greeted him affably when they both arrived in the Observatory - apparently he was used to people coming back to life - but took care when embracing him or clapping his shoulder, which grated on Pietro's nerves if he was being honest with himself. He was not broken.But he did not see much of the Thunder God after the initial meeting, as Honey was the one explaining the Accords to the Warriors Three and her 'Royal Cousin' while Pietro was left to the not so tender mercies of the Asgardian healers, who did not take kindly to his constant restlessness. However, when Pietro was admiring keeping an eye on the lady whilst she was in the gardens with the Queen Frigga from one of the balconies, Thor came up to him, looking concerned. "Lady Stark is certainly unique is she not?" he asked, "She takes great care of you." "And I am grateful for it." Pietro said, shifting his thigh on the pillow Honey had insisted he rest it on. "The healers tell me that your wounds are not healing as much as they could be," Thor continued, "they are suggesting that it is to do with the broken bond you have been left with." Pietro winced at the memories of his connection to Wanda being cut off - both when he died and in the month after it. "What would they suggest then?" he asked gruffly. Thor glanced down at him, then back down to the two women in the gardens. "The Lady Stark has a bond similar to your own with the Captain. With her consent it could be broken from him and joined to yours, to help your healing." "Why would she agree to that?" Pietro looked up at the god, bewildered, "She loves him, why would she want to lose that bond?"Thor chuckled darkly."It is just a suggestion, Quicksilver, nothing more." (One of Pietro's fondest memories - after - would be of Thor breaking Captain America's jaw with a single punch)
Loki Laufeyson Odinson
Pietro woke up groggily, his body and mind feeling sore from the intensity of being bonded with Honey Stark. Her red hair was stretched out on the pillows of their shared bed (Asgardians have a strange understanding of what two people of different genders arriving together meant) and the sheets over them curved over the (thank god) still present bump of her stomach. Pietro carefully (hesitantly) but his hand on it, smiling as he felt the child inside kick back in response. He felt a swell of paternal affection for the child - maybe from the new bond?"She is as lucky as always." A voice echoed from the corner of the room, making him tense and look up,"Most unborn children do not survive the unconsensual breaking of a bond."A dark haired, green eyed man smirked at him from the corner. He glanced back at Honey and his eyes softened. "I offered her a crown, yet she chose a man who would break her," He sighed, "Maybe you will be better than both of us."Then he disappeared into thin air.(Pietro never spoke of meeting Thor's estranged brother, yet they shared understanding look whenever the Captain tried to talk to Honey) 
 Tony Stark
 When Pietro had first met Stark (Tony kid, Christ) it had not been the best of meetings - what with certain accusations being thrown and then a massive fight. But Stark had allowed his daughter to look after Pietro when he was still an unknown entity and had even tried to keep his sister safe from the consequences of her actions. Upon moving into the Compound with Honey and the tiny newborn James Stark, he noticed even more that Stark was not the monster he and his sister had created in their minds. Pietro couldn't help but laugh when he heard Stark bickering with his bots, or teasing Rhodes or Vi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Pietro Maximoff
Thor & Harry Potter
Loki & Harry Potter
Tony Stark & Harry Potter
James Rhodes & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers
Vision & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Male-Female Friendship
Female Harry Potter
veela!harry
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Thor The Dark World compliant
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pietro is smitten
Thor Is Not Stupid
Hurt Pietro Maximoff
dances around the relationship development really
thor knows more than he lets on

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Pietro Maximoff
Thor & Harry Potter
Loki & Harry Potter
Tony Stark & Harry Potter
James Rhodes & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Steve Rogers
Vision & Harry Potter

