Chapter 1: Don't Ask
    




Chapter Text
Gabe and Morita had just put their sleeping rolls down and were getting ready to strip down for bed, waiting for Dernier to come join them in the tiny shed, when they heard a door inside the house opening.

Gabe's attention was caught by Cap's urgent voice."Bucky, if we're caught--""There's nobody here," Barnes laughed. "Come on.""I--""The men are all in a whole other building," said Barnes, and Gabe suppressed a chuckle. He glanced at Morita, who grinned back at him. "We've got this one all to ourselves.""We could be--""It's our only chance. It's been weeks, Steve. Please." Barnes was really a manipulative bastard, thought Gabe. But Cap really needed to relax, and who knew what Barnes was gonna to get him to do - try to find a girl in the village, draw a mural on the wall of the forsaken house they'd taken over, eat some contraband chocolate... who knew. It would surely be good for their CO, though.And unbeknownst to Cap and Barnes, "the men," having discovered that the chicken barn they were supposed to stay in was filled with debris, had decided to explore alternate arrangements. Gabe and Morita had entered a shed that leaned up against the house and was sturdy enough - and empty enough - to accommodate at least three of their sleeping bags, claimed it, and told Dernier about it. And moved in right in time to overhear their commanding officer and their sniper get up to something that they would be in prime position to hold over them as blackmail material. This oughta be worth a few cigarettes at least. Gabe unashamedly put his ear to the wall, grinning as Morita did the same."This ain't the orphanage, Bucky," said Cap seriously, his footsteps getting closer to them, and it was funny how much more Brooklyn he always sounded around Barnes. "We get caught and we're not going to get sent to Mother Superior's office.""Sure. We could be court-martialled and sent to hard labor, life as we know it could be over." Barnes said scornfully, and Gabe exchanged a glance with Morita. Barnes was probably planning some prank. Probably on a higher-up. Phillips?"It's not funny, Bucky," said Cap. "It could happen."Barnes laughed. "Not to you. Court-martial Captain America? They'd protect you, bury it all.""And you?""We're in a war, Steve. We could die tomorrow, and we'd miss this because you're too chicken shit to--""Because I don't want to risk you," said Cap, his voice thick, and there was an odd noise. Gabe's grin started to fade."The men are all far away, Steve, come on, we haven't been--""I can live with that," said Cap."Well I can't," said Barnes, his voice sharp. "It's not enough to just be pals. Yeah, it's great that we serve together and sleep across the campfire with all the other fellas all around, but it drives me crazy, having you so fucking near..."What the hell--"Bucky," Cap's voice was low, anguished, and suddenly there was another noise.What the hell was... that sounded like they were...Jesus.They were kissing.A soft moan came from the other side of the wall."Bucky..." breathed Cap. "Oh, Jesus."Gabe gaped at Morita, then back at the wall."Can you--""Yeah. God, yeah." There was a sound of a zipper. "Jesus, if anybody--""Steve, fuck, you drive me so crazy," Barnes growled. They were panting now, clothing rustling, moaning between Barnes's words. "I keep thinking of going down on you, you making that noise--"Cap groaned, "Jesus, Bucky, you're gonna make me come before we even get our clothes off--""Super-soldier serum, you could get it up again in seconds, right?""For you, yeah," said Cap, laughing, and it was so bizarre to hear such a free, easy sound from their tightly controlled commanding officer. Not that he was grim or anything, but he was so serious, always concerned about the men, the mission, always planning and strategizing. Barnes was the only one who could be counted on to make him laugh. Make him let go and unbend, even a little.Jesus, Gabe did not want to think about unbending or bending right now."Come on," Barnes was panting. "Please. Fuck, you make me so hard. Oh!" He groaned, and there was a creaking sound and suddenly their voices were even closer to Gabe and Morita. "Jesus, watching you the other day, swimming in that pond, all I wanted was for you to pound me into the ground, screw me six ways to Sunday--""Bucky, shit, you tease, I could barely see straight, you right there in your skivvies. Had to think of Phillips or I would've embarrassed myself when I got out."That creaking - that was bedsprings. "I thought about Dum Dum's muttonchops."Cap laughed again, cutting himself off suddenly. "Oh - oh my God," he moaned. And Jesus, their voices were closer because they must have lain down on the bed. It had to be right up against the wall next to the shed."Christ, it's been so long," Barnes said breathlessly. "God, can you believe we even have a bed?"Creaking, more clothing rustling, a belt falling to the ground, kissing, gasping.Gabe glanced at Morita,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Period-Typical Homophobia
Military Homophobia
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Feels
POV Outsider

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

