Work Text:


(The line divider means a change in POV)


When the Tesseract exploded and brought the strange man in, you just knew that something very bad was about to go down.
As a guard, it was your duty to come forth and try to stop any hostile individuals, but this particular hostile individual was not any average goon or criminal. He had come from a different world, and he had, in a matter of seconds, taken down several SHIELD agents right in front of you.
You didn’t stand a chance against him. Hence, you chose to hide.
More agents came in and tried to subdue him, and he still came out victorious.
You were so so afraid now, as he stood nearby, assessing all the threats to himself, willing to kill at a moment’s notice.
A small whimper escaped your lips as he walked closer still, talking to Director Fury, telling his name and his purpose.
He was Loki of Asgard, and he was burdened with a glorious purpose.
His gaze wasn’t in your direction at all, so you assumed you’d be safe, perhaps. You were wrong.
With blinding speed, he grabbed you from your hiding spot and held you against his side as he kept talking. It was a lecture on freedom… but you couldn’t pay attention. You were too busy panicking and struggling to get free.
When Barton shot Fury, you cried out in shock and horror. Loki kept you tucked to his side with ease, as he told the possessed agents to gather the Tesseract and move along. Your struggles had absolutely no impact on him, and that alone was a scary thought to you, for you were trained in fighting.
You simply couldn’t get free. And then Loki dragged you along with him as everyone left the premises.
He dumped you in the back of the SHIELD vehicle and then jumped in himself. Before you could even think of escaping, he grabbed your arm again and drew you between his legs, which acted as a trap. You still struggled as the car began moving, rushing out of the tunnels and leading out into the open.
“Let me go!” you screamed as the car picked up speed. Loki gave you a dispassionate look and then shot a powerful beam from the scepter, towards the vehicle chasing yours. That move alone scared you into being quiet again.
He fired many such beams at other cars and a helicopter, defeating them all. Your hopes for an escape or rescue diminished with each beam.
After a while, all was quiet, and the car was moving along smoothly. You looked up at your abductor and found him looking at you with a strange intensity.
It was too much and you tried to look away, but he grabbed your jaw and made you face him again.
“Tell me your name,” he ordered harshly, and you shivered in response. His voice was a strange mix of alluring and menacing, and it was terrifying because you know you’d have found it sexy in another scenario.
You mumbled your name, hoping he’d not ask again. He nodded in response, then stared at the scepter in his hand. He looked to be contemplating something.
That scared you even more. If he turned you into a possessed puppet, he could make you do anything, just like Barton and others. You didn’t want to be a puppet, it was a horrible thought. But really, could you stop him from using the scepter on you even if you tried?
Loki’s face cleared then, the contemplative look gone. He looked back at you and smiled… a smile that sent chills down your spine. A smile that told you that he definitely wanted something from you, and that he’d take it from you whether you gave it willingly or not.
You were so busy being scared shitless that you didn’t even notice when the car came to a halt. When Loki stood up, that was when you realized you had reached somewhere.
You tried to jump and run away, only to be grabbed by his strong hand again.
“I wouldn’t expend that much energy into escaping, again and again, little bird,” he said in your ear as he held you against his body. “Preserve this spritely energy for later.”
Later?
What did he mean?
And then he hauled you over to a building. It was some kind of a safehouse.
Loki dragged you to and dumped you in a fully furnished room, with a large bed in it.
You stared at the bed and then back at Loki. He was standing in the doorway, barking orders at the possessed agents, especially Barton. It seemed that it was Barton who told him about this safehouse and brought him here. You closed your eyes in dismay. If Barton had a safehouse somewhere, then SHIELD probably did not know about it.
The bedroom door slammed, making you jerk. You first thought that Loki had left you to rot in the room, but when you turned around, he was right there, inside the bedroom with you. And he was making a quick work of his strange clothes. You noticed that he was actually wearing a kind of armor, which he was taking apart meticulously. And he was looking straight at you as he removed it, a feral smile on his lips.
You backed away slowly, but didn’t know where to go. And as you looked around for any kind of escape, you realized that even the windows had thick iron grills on them.
That’s when Lok
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/OFC
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki & Reader
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Has Issues
Warning: Loki
BAMF Loki
Tumblr: imagine-loki
Loki is horny
horny loki
Loki needs a good fuck
Creepy Loki (Marvel)
Dangerous Loki
Loki wants OFC
Loki shall have OFC
OFC is scared
OFC gets fucked six ways to sunday
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Het
Fucking
Explicit Sexual Content
Vaginal Fingering
Marathon Sex
Loss of Virginity
Loki-centric
Kinky
Rape Fantasy
my kinks let me show them to you
Multiple Orgasms
Forced Orgasm
Smut
Shameless Smut

fandom: 
Loki/OFC
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki & Reader
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

