Work Text:

One.
The world took exactly three days to label the missing Iron Man as a coward, a traitor, and a villain. The disassembled armor and lack of a body supported the theory of a planned escape and an attempt to frame Captain America to further the Accords. The United Nations, caving to public pressure, declared the Accords null and void within the month.Vision had moved into the Stark Tower after announcing his retirement as an Avenger and removing himself from mortal conflicts. The timing of his decision was rather suspect as it had happened merely hours before Ross discovered Tony went rogue. Equally suspicious was his statement of Tony being where none can find, but the United Nations decided against more aggressive inquiries to avoid triggering another conflict. Vision was monitored carefully but the android spent his days gazing at nothingness and his nights staring into the skies.Steve, flanked by his fellow Avengers, returned to the Avengers Compound as brave and loyal heroes. They received full pardons for their alleged crimes and were granted complete access to resources offered by the United Nations. Steve's heartfelt speech, reaffirming their conviction to defend the citizens of the world and forgiving Tony for his treachery, a demonstration of heroic compassion, was translated into multiple languages and widely broadcasted.Tony never surfaced, unsurprising given his expertise with technology yet unsettling for the same reason. Wild speculations began to fly in both casual office gossip and solemn security briefings. Tony's particular brand of reckless ruthlessness in his vengeful pursuits made him too dangerous to leave unlocated. No one wanted the kind of legacy the Ten Rings had, now known only for its downfall. Countries reinforced their security measures and facial recognition software, courtesy of Stark Industries as a show of good will and good faith, became the norm instead of the exception.The world rested easy within Captain America's capable hands and under their governments' ever-watchful eyes, secure in the knowledge that Iron Man, former Avenger and now terrorist, would be located and captured soon. 
Two.
When efforts to apprehend Tony yielded no results after three months, the people and their leaders grew restless and panicked. The memories and knowledge of Tony's many accomplishments were highlighted in troubled dreams and strategy sessions.The Jericho Missile was a marvel of destruction. It was designed to separate into sixteen smaller missiles upon being launched, covering an expansive range and causing a chain of explosions. It was breathtakingly effectively, both literally and figuratively.The Iron Man suit and its flight capabilities defied conventional expectations. Its offensive and defensive possibilities were limitless. Tony's original refusal to submit the technology to the United States Senate, in hindsight, was selfishly arrogant instead of eccentrically charming.Military personnel, who had attended the Jericho demonstration, testified before the United Nations of Tony's ingenuity regarding weapons of mass destruction. Avengers, who had witnessed the Iron Man suit in action and under repairs, also offered their insights. Steve shared his method of defeating the armor via disabling the arc reactor. Rhodes contributed information about his brief time inside the armor at Tony's disastrous birthday party. Scott decoded as much as he could of FRIDAY's salvaged data core after the A.I. had immediately initiated a comprehensive self-destruct sequence when she was ordered to unencrypt Tony's files.Steve assured the world of the Avengers' continued dedication to bring Tony to justice and their detailed plan to neutralize any threat Tony might pose. All notions of forgiveness and friendship had long vanished.  
Three.
The Avengers carried on, dispensing justice where it was due and bringing freedom where it was lacking. Lives were saved and lives were lost, but they focused on the ones they did protect. Heroes didn't give up when a death occurred on their watch.Steve gave the same morale boosting speech at each debriefing, with diminishing returns. The once inspiring words rang hollow. The number of lives saved mattered little when casualties and fatalities were constant instead of sporadic, when children fled from them instead of to, when nations barred their entry instead of welcoming them with open arms.Natasha analyzed their battle patterns and operational strategies but found no explanation for this change in the world's attitude toward the once beloved superheroes. They fought as they always had, with all their might and heart. Answers came when she examined outside factors. Medical teams arrived after hours of waiting when ambulances used to wait on the sideline as the battle waged on. Property compensations were processed over a period of days when they had been distributed immediately. Roadways remained obstructed for weeks when previously debris would be clea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pro-Accords
Civil War Team Iron Man
Consequences
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Fusion
5+1

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

