Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
It was a warm afternoon. Golden leaves swayed lazily outside his window, where Loki sat, welcoming the gentle breeze with a sigh. He had planned to go out today, to enjoy the nice weather, but his father had requested him to stay in his chambers to “receive a lesson” later that day. Curious what that lesson might be and fairly certain that he had not done something wrong for once, Loki had remained in his room. His elder brother, Thor, was at the palace, too, and he hoped the two of them could spent some time together in the evening. Usually, the two brothers got along rather well, despite the age gap between them and the fact that Thor's friends were always suspicious of the mischief and chaos that Loki spread.
Getting bored with the view from his window, Loki retreated to his bed. Lying on his back, he was about to grab a book from his bedside table, when there was a knock at his door. He looked up to see it open and Odin enter, Thor following him. But they were not alone: After them, two more men entered the room. One of them Loki recognized as Vidar, Odin's bastard son, who rarely spent any time at the palace. He was chubby and babyfaced, but taller than even Thor and he had been around talking to Odin a lot more often than usual lately. The other man was Amdhrimnir, known to most as the one who provided the gods with food. However, Loki knew he was a close confidant to Odin. He also had the one or other open account with the trickster and was not trying an awful lot to hide his disdain for Loki.
Before the trickster even got around to asking what the matter was, his father spoke up.
“Loki. With your last name day, you know you have become a man, but there is more to manhood than age. It is time you learned about your true purpose.” Frowning, Loki was frozen in place with a sinking feeling in his stomach. Of course he had always known that despite all promises, as long as Thor was around, he was only second in line to the throne. However, his life had always been one of comfort and his rank promised him glory and power nonetheless. What his father was saying rang of something else.
“Loki”, Odin said, his voice firm, “today you will be shown your place at your brother's side. Thor is still young and has requested my guidance in this and Vidar and Amdhrimnir will serve as witness of the blood”, he nodded at Vidar, then gestured at Amdhrimnir, “and witness of the trusted.”
Loki had no idea what was expected of him, but when all four of them approached him and Odin sat down beside him, running a surprisingly gentle hand down his chest, faint realization dawned on him. His eyes grew big, but before he could protest, Vidar's hand found its way beneath his garments, resting on his crotch and effectively stunning Loki. The tall man's hand wrapped around Loki's flaccid manhood, curiously rubbing it. The trickster was dumbstruck.
“That's right, just let us finish this and we will leave you to yourself again”, Odin cooed, proceeding to undress Loki, spreading his legs when he was done. Only a moment later, Vidar knelt between the young man's thighs, pressing a wet finger inside Loki.
A content expression on his face, Vidar made an appreciative noise and pushed his index finger inside the younger man repeatedly, moving it back and forth. Amdhrimnir knelt down to lick over Loki's length, watching the other man finger-fucking him gently.
Loki looked up at Thor, still not finding any words to speak. The elder seemed a little nervous, but smiled down at his brother to encourage him and his eyes shone with arousal at the sight before him.
Vidar noticed Thor's excitement and smirked, pushing a second finger inside the tight hole. Loki felt a strange mix of arousal and dissent and confusion that held his mind captured until the two men pleasuring him rose to their feet to undress themselves. His father and brother followed suit.
Kneeling between Loki's spread legs again, Vidar pulled him closer by his hips to eagerly rub his hard length against the younger's crotch. His hardness was slick with a lubing substance and the other men were watching him closely, stroking themselves and spreading the same substance onto their cocks. Trembling with anticipation, Vidar moved forward, pushing himself against Loki's entrance. Loki's hands clawed at the sheets and he whimpered at the pressure, but his grimacing face and tense body did not stop Vidar for long.
“Oh yes... how hot and tight you are...”, his half-brother moaned. “Can you feel my pole stretch you? Can you feel how I open you? Oh you're so nice and tight...” With slow, deep thrusts he moved himself inside Loki, his body bent over the smaller so he could moan softly into Loki's ear and kiss him. There was a thick heat in the air, accompanied by gasps and moans and whimpered. Just when the trickster felt as if he could get used to the feeling of something so big rubbing against the walls of his hole, Vidar pulled out and moved asid
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Odin
Loki/Odin/Thor
Sif/Thor
Fandral/Hogun

freeform: 
Group Sex
Initiation
Incest
Thorki - Freeform
Thunderfrost - Freeform
Godcest
Dominance
Submission
dubcon
Porn
Not quite PWP
Porn Is Plot
Chastity Belt
Punishment
Somnophilia
Sleep Sex
Humiliation
Emasculation
Abusive Relationship
Voyeurism
Bondage

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Odin
Loki/Odin/Thor
Sif/Thor
Fandral/Hogun

