Work Text:
Loki keeps his chin tucked in the air, proud and haughty, even as he is led back to Asgard in chains.He smiles when his sentence is read, like it means nothing to him. Like it is just another cog in his convoluted machinery.Thor, however, knows him well enough to be able to see the fault lines in his façade, and even after all that has transpired, is roused to pity.“Do you want me to be there when they put it on?”“I don’t need you to hold my hand!”  Loki hisses.So, Thor stays away. When next he sees Loki, he has a gleaming golden torque wrapped around his elegant neck. It is horseshoe shaped, with an opening at one end, but not nearly wide enough for Loki’s neck to fit through. Perfectly snug and fitted, it’s a complete mystery how they got it on him at all. From the bruises on Loki’s wrists, it seems he did not give them an easy go of it.Thor witnesses the torque do its work when Loki attempts a quick cast, a spell he had done thousands of times before. A force of habit.The magic begins to flower out of Loki’s fingertips, but before it can truly manifest, it seems to get....snagged, rebounding back inwards from whence it came.  Loki’s mouth opens in a silent scream, and he clutches his chest as if to slow the frantic beating of his heart. At once, Thor is rushing to him and taking him into his arms. He holds him still until the tension seeps from his shoulders and Loki slumps in exhaustion. If Loki resents Thor’s coddling, he doesn’t say so. Odin banishes him to the North Tower shortly thereafter. Thor thinks this might be because Odin does not, in fact, know what else to do with him.  It is fitting that Loki be punished, but with the torque, he is as powerless as a mortal; surely that should be enough? Perhaps it pains Odin to look upon him.Nonetheless, Thor goes to see him. How could he not?The first time, he finds Loki laying on his bed, staring vacantly up at the ceiling. The tower room is circular, with a single window on the western side. There’s also a table, an armchair, a wardrobe, a hearth, and a few of Loki’s old belongings. The room is in disarray, as if Loki had torn it apart.“Have you come to mock me?”“No. To visit you.” Loki turns towards him.“Well, next time bring me some wine.”***Thor does.  And Loki gets drunk.Loki was rarely one to indulge in alcohol. In fact, more often than not, it was he who put Thor to bed when Thor had been a bit too......immoderate. But Loki is excellent company when he is intoxicated. He laughs (despite himself) at Thor’s ill attempts at humor, and even makes a few bungled jokes of his own.  His head falls forward on the table like he can’t hold it up anymore, and Thor swears it’s the funniest thing. Thor loves how much softer Loki looks when he’s happy. He seems younger, less gaunt; more like his old, mischievous self.In his inebriated state, Loki overturns his cup and spills wine across his lap. Mind clouded, he forgets himself and tries to cast. Thor watches in horror as Loki’s face goes from loopy and content to twisted in unmitigated agony. Loki falls to the floor and curls in on himself, dry heaving like he can’t take in enough air.  Thor is at his side just has he starts to vomit.  Thor rubs his back in what he hopes is a comforting way until Loki’s breathing settles into soft, shaky sobs. Thor hates how helpless he feels.He carries Loki to bed and sends for a servant to clean the mess.“Thor,” Loki croaks. “Help me. Please.”Thor pets Loki’s hair until he falls into a fitful sleep.***Odin declares that Asgard needs a celebration – a great feast, to take their minds off all the troubles of late. It doesn't take much intellect to deduce what the Allfather has in mind.“I’m to be wed,” Thor tells Loki.Loki’s face is impassive.  “To whom?”“Gróa,” Thor says.”Of the House of Gunnarr.”. “.....The blonde one with the-““Big tits,” Thor finishes, cupping his chest for emphasis.  “You remember?”“Bits of her.” Loki replies. “Now that you mention it. Well, how nice. I’m sure our mother is thrilled.”“Aye,” Thor chuckles, “She is already pestering me for grandchildren.” "She can take her pick. Knowing you, there are probably a few bastard brats running around somewhere." Thor grins roguishly. it's no secret that he likes women, and women like him.

Loki frowns.  “When did you say?”“In a week’s hence."  “Let me guess.” Loki says flatly.  “I’m not invited.”Thor purses his lips. Indeed, despite Thor’s protests, it was not deemed fitting for Loki to attend.  Thor had argued that Loki could simply come for the ceremony. Or perhaps just to wish him well during the feast – under close supervision, of course. Unsurprisingly, he’d been overruled, and Thor is more disappointed about it than he would have expected. He simply never imagined his wedding day without his brother by his side.“I am sorry.”Loki looks away with a sigh. “Aren’t we all.”***The wedding is a blur of gold and red and noise and drink. No one else seems to be troubled by Loki’s absence, and Thor doesn’t kn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Dark!Thor
Dark!Loki
Intersexuality
Size Kink
Gratuitous Smut
Pseudo-Incest
Mindfuck
Rough Sex
Intersex Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

