Chapter 1: Damn You Loki
    




Chapter Text
Tony was going to punch Loki in his smug little face when he next saw him. He had no right to do this to Tony! His secret hadn't hurt anybody, hadn't hindered the team when fighting villains.Yet here he was standing in the middle of the communal floor with the other five Avengers in a loose semi-circle around him looking surprised.Maybe he could fire a repulsor blast in Loki’s face, Tony thought sullenly as he resigned himself to the fact that it was time to let the demons out of the closet.
ONE HOUR EARLIER
Tony woke with a snort, finding himself in his bedroom even though he distinctly remembered passing out on the couch in his lab.“JARVIS my old friend, did I somehow sleep walk to my room or perhaps invent technology that can teleport people in their sleep?”“No Sir, Captain Rogers came by to the lab after you had passed out to bring you some food. When he saw that you had fallen asleep he decided that it would be better if you slept in your bed. He carried you to your bedroom and proceeded to tuck you in. I have the security footage if you would like to see for yourself.”Cheeks blushing in slight mortification at being put to bed like a child by his crush, he mumbled out a no whilst shuffling to the bathroom. He would have honestly thought that after a year of living with the man that he would have been able to shake off the attraction that he felt towards the super soldier. Instead the attraction had grown into something more, something which Tony didn’t want to put a name too because he knew that his feelings wouldn’t be reciprocated.Finishing in the bathroom he quickly made sure that he was decent enough to make an appearance to the team, even though over the year they had pretty much seen every part of each other. Tony needed more than two hands to the count the times that he had seen the Hulk naked, it was lucky he was a billionaire so that he could pay for the therapy.Tony exited his bedroom and made his way to the elevator that would take him to the communal floor, JARVIS already having the door open without Tony’s prompting. He was just going to go down, show everyone that he was alive and steal some coffee. He wasn't in the mood for socialising today and just wanted to be left alone for a couple of hours with some heavy metal pounding down his ears.Upon exiting the elevator he was greeted to the sight of Steve cooking pancakes in an apron that read Sarcasm Is the Ability to Insult Idiots Without Them Realising It. It was things like this that made it increasingly difficult for Tony to hide his feelings. All he wanted to do after seeing that apron was walk up to Steve and kiss him on those perfect lips before proclaiming that he was the only one that understood Tony. Instead he purposely walked into the kitchen determinedly trying to ignore Steve as he went past, going straight for the coffee maker which seemed to already have a cup waiting for him. He decided to chalk it up to JARVIS being one step ahead of him.As he turned around with the cup in his hands, purposely ignoring Steve’s sad eyes at Tony’s lack of response to the apron, he noticed that the other Avengers were sitting around the dining table, failing to contain their laughter at Steve.Clint handed over ten dollars to Natasha, whilst Natasha wore a smug look on her face that screamed I told you so.“So, Tony I was planning on doing some team exercises today and we’re going to need you to wear the suit to practice some air drills,” Steve said erasing the hurt look on his face with one of determination.“No can do Cap, got some projects that I need to finish up for Pepper so that I can continue to support Thor’s pop tart addiction. I’ll have JARVIS pilot the suit so that you can still do your exercises.”“That’s not going to fly Tony since JARVIS won’t be flying the suit in a battle. I’m sure that you can spare an hour of your time just for us.”“Actually, JARVIS does a lot in a battle, I’d wager that he does more than I do. Wouldn't you agree buddy?”“Indeed Sir,” came JARVIS’ amused reply, “I don't understand why you seem to get all the credit.”“See,” Tony said waving his hand in the air, “JARVIS said it himself, it’s a wonder why he hasn't been made an official Avenger yet with all the work that he does.”“If you two would just stop your weird flirting as it's way too early for this. Tony, if we have to suffer through a team exercise than so are you or you're going to spend an hour with me sparring.”At Natasha’s words Tony’s mouth snapped shut with an audible snap, a blush rising on his face as he watched Steve duck his head away shyly at the comment. The team knew about Tony’s feelings about Steve, he’d had to endure endless teasing from Clint about the playboy being unable to muster up the courage to ask Steve out. The only one who seemed to be unable to figure it out was the buff blond himself and Tony suspected that it was because he was from the 1940’s and therefore the idea of Tony liking
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Irene Adler/Sherlock Holmes - Relationship
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers watch Sherlock Holmes
Tony Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Mutual Pining
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
POV Changes
Avengers Family
Misunderstandings
Jealous Steve Rogers
Eventual Happy Ending
Getting Together
Tony Stark Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Irene Adler/Sherlock Holmes - Relationship
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

