Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Pepper sat at Tony’s side crying over his broken form. She wanted to scream and tear apart the ones who had done this to him. She wanted to burn them all to the ground but she knew even with how broken Tony was they wouldn’t want them to suffer. She was still crying when Vision returned to the hospital room where Tony lay. He was in a coma and the doctors weren’t sure he’d wake up. Rhodey was still in the hospital as well and Pepper had been so distraught she had struggled to do anything besides cry and worry.
Even though they had broken up she and Tony would always be close. They had been friends for so much longer than they had dated and she still loved him dearly. She knew he still loved her to but they could never be together. She gripped the sheet over his body because she could no longer grip the hand she had the last time he’d been in the hospital.
“Ms. Potts.”
She looked up at Vision with her vision blurry from her tears.
“What is it Vision? Did the doctors say if he’d wake up?”
Vision looked down at the floor as though uncertain how to speak what was on his mind.
“I have contacted someone…to hopefully help Mr. Stark. As you know he is the main reason I exist and while I am not JARVIS I hold many of his memories. I am still adjusting to all that I experience but he is…he is the closest I have to a father. I want to save him no matter what.”
Pepper wiped away her tears.
“Who did you contact?”
Vision opened the door to reveal Nick Fury. Pepper stood to face the director who didn’t enter the room. It was as though he was waiting for permission. After everything that had happened she was thankful for him doing this. He was at least showing Tony some respect.
“Please come in.”
He entered and Vision closed the door behind Fury.
“Vision told me what happened. Tony and I have had our differences but even I can see he was right in this. Steve was compromised and he dragged people into this that shouldn’t have been.”
“I thank you for saying that but I’m not sure why you’re here.”
Fury closed his eye and Pepper felt a small feeling of dread knowing Fury never hesitated.
“Tony deserves honesty after everything that’s happened. I’m not here out of the goodness of my heart. It’s purely selfish reasons. This world needs him. Needs his technology, needs iron man, and it needs Tony Stark. I won’t lie about my intentions here. I can help him so he wakes up, heal enough to be strong, and help give back some of what he’s lost. But it means using means he won’t like. It’ll mean reliving a hell I doubt he wants. You know him best Ms. Potts; you’re the one who has say in his medical choices if he can’t make them.”
“Wh-what can you do to help him?”
Fury held out a file to her. She looked at it causing her eyes to widen in horror.
“No…this can’t be the only way.”
“He may not wake up without it and without these he won’t ever be able to recover to be the man this world needs. The man that stood as a hero, stood as the strong Tony Stark that faced a god alone…I’m sorry. There really is no other way. I’ve looked.”
“Wh-what about Extremis?”
Fury shook his head.
“Only a few can survive it and he’s not one of them.”
Pepper looked at the file before she curled around it.
“I-I can’t…I can’t do this to him…even if it means losing him. I can’t…”
“I understand. If you change your mind you can call me. If you decide to do this you and Vision can personally oversee the operation. I’ll be there to ensure your safety and his.”
Pepper cried again and so much harder as she held a dark hope that broke her heart. Vision comforted her and after several days she gave in. She was only human and she couldn’t survive losing Tony. She wasn’t strong like him. She couldn’t live knowing he’d died so horribly. If she’d been there by his side maybe she could have protected him. If she had watched the other avengers closely maybe she would have seen their betrayal coming.
Fury got everything in order. The first step was the injection. Pepper cried as she watched him give it to Tony. They transferred him to a Shield facility after that and she had been unable to watch the surgery but she wouldn’t leave Tony alone. Rhodey was there in a wheelchair and she was in Vision’s arms with her face buried in his chest. Rhodey was silent and it was a silent rage she had never seen before. When she apologized to him for making this choice he had simply held her hand. A look in his eyes told her he understood. Neither could lose Tony. This painful dark hope that would no doubt bring only hatred from Tony was their selfish wish not to lose someone so dear to them.
It took a week for Tony to wake up after the surgery. Pepper expected anger and hateful words. She didn’t expect him to look at her with such hope and happiness then reach for her. She didn’t expect the pure fear and hatred to appear in his beautiful amber brown eyes. She didn’t expect the heart wrenching scream to come out of his mouth or his once strong charming eyes to become so 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Extremis Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Loki
Protective Vision (Marvel)
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Protective Hulk
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It of Sorts
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Temporary Character Death

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

