Chapter 1: Bobby's Home for Wayward Children
    




Chapter Text
It was late in the evening when John Winchester knocked on Bobby Singer’s door. It was a light knock, being that his hands were full with the twin’s car seats, and he’d allowed his oldest to do the honors. Dean did so hesitantly, unsure of the door to the strange house. John had nodded encouragingly, so Dean puffed up his cheeks before knocking as hard as his five-year-old fist allowed. Which, in the end wasn’t that loud. Luckily Bobby was already in the living room, so he heard it none-the-less.
“That you John?” A gruff voice called through the door.
“It’s me Bobby.”
A series of locks could be heard clicking, and Dean looked questioningly up at John who gave a small shrug in response. Finally, the last lock clicked and the door swung open.
Bobby stepped aside letting the group inside his aging home.
“Well what do we have here?” Bobby questioned, closing the door behind him, before squatting down in front of the five-year-old.
Dean looked to John, but he was turned around setting the car seats on the desktop in a corner.
“Um...” Dean murmured unsure.
“Go on introduce yourself.” John urged, still situating the twins.
“I’m Dean, Dean Winchester.” He said, offering his tiny hand hesitantly.
“Bobby Singer, it’s a pleasure to meet you Dean.” Bobby greeted with a smile.
Dean returned it hesitantly before a yawn stretched across his face.
“How long ya’ll been travelin?” Bobby asked.
“Forever!” Dean huffed, making Bobby chuckle.
Bobby walked towards John finally getting a clear look at the one-year-old sleeping twins. One was a boy with brown hair, and the other to Bobby’s surprise was a girl, with soft baby blonde hair.
Bobby looked to John with a puzzled look.
He only shrugged in response. “Doctors said it happens sometimes with fraternal twins.”
“That’s baby Sammy, and baby Darcy, they’re my little brother and sister.” Dean interjected.
“Can you keep an eye on them while I talk to Bobby in the kitchen?” John questioned.
Bobby observed the two, watching Dean nod.
“Here, you can see if you can find some cartoons to watch.” Bobby offered, pointing to the T.V in the corner.
Dean watched them leave before turning to his brother and sister. Sam was still asleep, but Darcy’s eyes had popped open as soon as the adults had left, like she’d been waiting for it. Dean quickly climbed into the chair beside the desk propping himself up in front of Darcy, Blue eyes met green ones. Another oddity of the twins, Sammy’s eyes were the same color as Dean’s a trait they shared with John. Whilst Darcy’s eyes were a stormy blue, like Mary’s.  Dean didn’t mind though, he loved them both the same.
The hushed voices from the kitchen stopped and John along with Bobby emerged. The latter looking a little lost for words, whilst John had a determined look set to his face. He crouched down in front of Dean’s chair.
“Uncle Bobby here is going to look over you three for the night. I’ll be back in a little while.”
Dean stayed quiet, tucking his chin into his chest as a few sniffles escaped.
“Hey, hey soldier. No tears alright? You’ve got to be strong. I promise I’ll be back, and you can watch over Sammy and Darcy while I’m gone Alright?”
Dean nodded, and John ruffled his hair. “There’s my tough soldier, you be good for Uncle Bobby, stay out of his way. Okay?”
Dean nodded again his eyes watery but no tears falling as he watched John walk out the door.
He watched Bobby turn all the locks before he turned to him with a huff.
“It’s pretty late, you must be tired.” Bobby tried, unsure of what to do with his new charges.
Dean shook his head, even as another yawn stretched across his face.
Bobby didn’t push it, instead choosing to look over the things John had left with them. Two diaper bags, and a back pack for Dean. Hell, Bobby had never changed a diaper before, what was John thinking. The man had been looking for answers, and Bobby had offered all he knew, best defenses and all. Where ever they’d been staying John said he couldn’t stay there anymore, the place being so close to their destroyed home. And the people he’d been staying with were getting wary, insisting he go see a shrink, instead of staying away from his kids for so long. But John needed more answers, and he was finding them, but he needed someone to watch the kids while he did. Someone who understood what he was actually doing. So Bobby settled on to the couch for the night as the two watched TV.
As promised John returned the next day, before taking off again two days later. Days turning into weeks. Fed up Bobby called him one night to voice his opinion, and the next day John packed up the kids and left. It wasn’t what he’d intended. He just hated seeing what it was doing to Dean. Bobby hated to admit it but he’d grown attached to them, and now he’d probably never see them again. He was never sure if he’d wanted kids, not with his abusive father tainting his genetic code; and after his wife had passed it just wasn’t an o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
I'll add them as they come?

freeform: 
Child Abandonment
John Winchester does not win the father of the year award
but is that really surprising
there will be mentions of other Avengers
but I want it to be a surprise
Bobby is the best Uncle Darcy could ask for
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Darcy Feels
Darcy is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Marvel Cinematic Universe Phase One Compliant
mostly - Freeform
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Canon-Typical Violence
Fluff and Humor
sometimes gotta keep it light
John Winchester's A+ Parenting
Awesome Bobby Singer
BAMF Bobby Singer
Supportive Bobby
Alternate Universe - Supernatural (TV) Fusion
Marvel Universe
References to Supernatural (TV)
Am I tagging this right?

fandom: 
I'll add them as they come?

