Chapter 1: The Teaser
    




Chapter Text


Cut to a shot of Tony Stark, looking disheveled, tie askew, tied to a chair. The wall behind him is blank and bare, and looks like it might be someone’s basement. 


“So I’ve been kidnapped,” Tony says to the camera. “I’ve been told to tell you that my captors are treating me very well. And they are. So far. I mean, I’m still me, so I’m likely to piss them off at some point. Pepper, right now I know you’re panicking and thinking that this is Afghanistan all over again, but really, it’s not my fault. It’s yours. You 
had 
to go on vacation and you 
had 
to leave Lydia Hanover in charge, requiring me to practically sleep in my office and ignore my family. I’m putting this one all on you, Pep. 

“There’s a list of demands that are to be met before I’m released. Demand the first ⏤ really? Are you kidding me? You’ll never get him to do that ⏤ Captain Steven Grant Rogers, you must don an old school Captain America costume and sing the theme song to that terrible show from the 50s or 60s. I’m pretty sure my old man had a hand in that, which really explains a few things. This tribute to the Star-Spangled Man With A Plan must be recorded in at least 720dpi and uploaded to YouTube for the world to thoroughly enjoy.

“Colonel James Rhodes, your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to call up Roger Ailes or Rupert Murdoch or Sean Hannity, whoever answers the phone first, and explain on live air why a kitten could perform his job better than he can. Since it's the weekend, this will happen on Monday at the earliest.

“Doctor Bruce Banner, you've beaten up a lot of people, buildings, mountain ranges as the Hulk. Now, it's time for you to get beaten up… by tiny humans wearing foam Hulk fists. The package included with this video contains four sets. I'm sure you can find miniature agents somewhere to help you out. This will also be recorded and uploaded to YouTube, simultaneously with Rogers’s performance. I want to see, I mean, 

my captors 

want to see which video gets more views. 

“Scott Lang, who is not a doctor but should be — Hope, get him back to college for his doctorate already? It physically hurts me to see his brain underperforming because he's a Mister and thinks it can get away with that — somewhere in Manhattan is a new Raid billboard. My captors want you to find that billboard and have your photo taken, in full gear, running away from the woman spraying the can. You know what? I agree with them. That's fucking hilarious. Bonus points for getting Wasp in there too. 

“Clinton Francis Barton, dim light of my life and all-around pain in my ass…”


From off-camera, there is a muffled, “Hey!” which is followed by a faint scuffle, a second voice hissing “shush!” and a plaintive “Ow! Those are my ribs!”


Tony just beams brightly into the camera. “FRIDAY has received instructions to tally everyone’s cursing over the weekend, and you are responsible for paying for each and every infraction.”


Off-camera, the first voice mutters, “There goes that fucking paycheck.”


Tony’s smile widens into a grin. “Including your own. Laura may not think it’s a pay-to-swear service, but these are ransom demands after all. They’re supposed to be unreasonable and harsh.

“Natasha Romanoff, I’m supposed to read off this thing where they demand you put on a unitard and a tutu and dance to 

Dance of the Swans 

from Swan Lake, but I understand you’ll be very busy with some negotiations on behalf of the CEO of Stark Industries, so I’m just gonna tell them that box is checked off already. Mostly because you terrify me and I’d rather keep all my body parts intact. You’re definitely the girl who shoots the messenger before she goes to hunt down the message issuer to shoot them too.

“Thor, my captors are aware of your secret library of trashy romance novels, and they think it’s fitting that you contract a photographer to recreate as many of those covers as you can manage by Monday. A generous budget and the contents of Stark Warehouse Number 54234 have been provided for this event. That’s where Dad stashed all the costumes and props when he shut down the movie studio portion of the Stark brand back in the 80s. Your, ah, female partner for these shoots is, of course, entirely your call, but Jane might not be up for some of them. Darcy, I can almost guarantee, will be. I’m counting on you here, buddy.

“Peter Parker… Top of Stark Tower, costume, Iron Man t-shirt, best selfie you can manage. Instagram that ASAP. And I’ve seen your portfolio. I know what kind of work you’re capable of it. Don’t half-ass it.

He smiles lazily, charmingly into the camera. “So that’s it. I’m alive, I’m well, and I’m completely at the mercy of my captors until these demands, and possibly others if these ones prove too easy to fulfil and they have to kill time until Monday night, are met in full. The clock starts now. Don’t hurry or anything. I don’t know what will happen to me if these demands aren’t met, but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Laura Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Polyamory
Kidnapping
but not really
The Author Regrets Nothing
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Humor
Fluff and Smut
Unreasonable List of Ransom Demands
Explicit Sexual Content
Light Bondage
Established Relationship
Safe Sane and Consensual
Threesome - F/M/M
Polyfidelity
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Canon Compliant
Post-Canon Fix-It
Safewords

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Laura Barton/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

