Chapter 1



Notes:
EDIT: 5/10/17Making some slight changes. Nothing major. Just the pretense, lmao. From past to present. I always write in past tense so i want to make myself uncomfortable and do it in present tense so it forces myself to pay more attention.




Chapter Text
“Peter! You’re going to be late!” Aunt May shouts at the boy’s door. “I’m coming in!” she sighs and with a shake from her head, she opens the door. She fully prepares to yank the boy out of his bed only to find the room completely empty. She throws her arms up. “So he has enough energy to wake up in the morning and leave for the trip but any other day he struggles. That boy.” she shakes her head again and starts picking up a few articles of clothing on the ground and throws them in the hamper.
After cleaning up the boy’s room she gathers the hamper and carries it downstairs. She spots her husband, Ben, at the table with a box of things he most likely dug up from the basement.
“Oh, Ben Parker don’t you even think about leaving that filthy box in my kitchen.” May gripes at Ben.
The man looks down, taking a bit of offense to that. “These are my bowling trophies.”
“Oh...by all means, leave that filthy box in my kitchen.” she rolls her eyes as she set the hamper down by the washer.
“Why don’t you have Peter wash his own clothes. He’s going to have to learn to do it himself after all,” Ben says.
“I did let him,  once . All of the whites went grey,” May huffs out as she points at his chest. Ben glances down to his grey wife beater underneath his shirt.
“Oh, right.” he remembers now, the perpetrator had been  his beanie.  
“Have you figured out what’s wrong with the leak in the basement?” May asks as she searches through Peter’s clothes for anything before chucking it in the washer.
“Uncle Ben! It’s not the condenser tray! It’s too much water! Or the heat exchange tubing!” May hears her nephew, Peter, shouting out from the basement. “I think it’s the fill line.”
“Peter Parker, i thought you left by now! You’re going to miss your big trip today!” May gasps.
“It’s fine Aunt May, i’m leaving now!” Peter dashes out of the basement and slips due to his wet feet. The poor boy smacks his forehead on the ground.
“Oh, Peter!” May ran over to her nephew. “Are you alright?” she gently smooths his hair out of the way. That will bruise for sure. “You need to be careful, sweetie.”
“Sorry Aunt May.” Peter cradles his forehead.
“C’mon kid, I’ll drop ya off,” Ben says as he slips some shoes on and grabs his keys. “Stay away from the basement okay, honey?”
“Don’t worry, i won’t go near it.” May waves Peter off and let the boy wipe his bare feet off and slip his socks and shoes. Peter snatches his backpack with his notebook inside.
“Bye Aunt May!” he exclaims as he ran out the door. May smiles and waves the two off.

.:.~0~.:.

“You think you can fix the leak downstairs?” Ben asks Peter.
“Yeah, i can stop by the hardware store after the trip while i’m in the city already. Gwen said she can take me home. So i don’t think she’ll mind going around. Pretty sure she’s going to stop by that one restaurant she likes and get something to go.”
“Alright, be careful in the city,” Ben says as he pulls up to the high school.
“I will, thanks Uncle Ben!” Peter says as he steps out of the car and made his way in school. They were suppose to head straight to the cafeteria and wait there. He spots Gwen sitting with Harry. Harry notices his friend approaching and waves.
Peter bounds over to his friends and then promptly shoved into a table a few moments after. He glances and sees Flash giving him a look before glaring.
“Watch it, Parker.” he huffs and walks off. Huh, normally Flash would’ve taunted him more. Not that Peter was complaining. He wastes no time and made his way over to Gwen and Harry, who had been glaring at Flash.
“You okay Pe--dude what happened to your face?” Harry winces as he saw the blossoming bruise forming on his forehead.
“Uh, i tripped and hit my head...on the floor.” he says sheepishly. Harry shakes his head as Gwen just stares at him in exasperation. They both know Peter is clumsy.
“Excited Peter?” Gwen asks, changing the subject. Peter's class was lucky enough to get a tour through Oscorps  and Stark industry. Peter had asked Gwen to pinch him several times to see if he was dreaming or not because this was going to be the best day ever.  
“Yes. I’m so ready.” Peter smile stretches across his face. Hes bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet.
“Please tell me you brought your little gidget tube thing.” Harry gives him a look.
“Fidget Cube, Harry.” Peter corrects him. Harry just gives him a look that says ‘does it look like i care. ‘
“Alright kids, the bus is waiting for us in the front, line up with your classes and please be in groups of two or threes,” one of the teachers, Mrs Mathews, says.
“Done and done.” Gwen rises up from the chair and slings her bag over her arm. “Let’s go, the only one i’m excited for is Oscorps and i want to be there yesterd
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Fix-It
JARVIS AND VISION ARE BROTHERS
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky and Steve have a strong bromance
Mama Spider protecting her spiderling
Deaf Clint Barton
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
The twins are on vacation
AHDH
fidget toys
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Alternate Universe
excuse the bad grammar
Anxiety
Slow Build
I do what I want
feel good fic
let me live
Plot is somewhere out yonder
Prob gonna be a long fic
I like em long

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

