Work Text:
 
1
 
Tony Stark was use to kidnappings, it was just a thing that happened enough to be normal. So he wasn’t surprised when on a business trip that a group attempted to kidnap him. He was kicking ass as he fought off his would be captors. He was outnumbered though and the group had targeted him when he was away from the general public. One hit him making him fall to the ground. He looked up just as one of his would be captors was about to taser him.
Before the man could a golden snake jumped out biting into him causing the man to drop dead in record time. The next few minutes were a whirlwind of golden death and it was fucking awesome. When the snake had taken down the rest of Tony’s attackers the genius looked at the rather large snake and grinned with eyes alight with awe.
“You’re just adorable. Can I keep you?”
The snake wrapped itself around Tony like a protective armor and seemed to calm down. Tony pet the giant snake and soon the snake shrank in size so he could fit around Tony’s shoulders. He walked away whistling having no idea the snake he was currently carrying would later give him a near heart attack when he discovered his newest pet/housemate was actually a being rumored to end a certain thunder god during a Norse version of the apocalypse. He’d curse about nearly dying by heart attack and then proceed to become the snake’s best friend because who’s he to judge a demi-god going and killing a hammer wielding god? He was the merchant of death, he had no room to judge and the snake was super awesome.
 
~
 
2
 
Tony was beginning to think kidnappings and business trips just went hand in hand. Seriously not even a year later he had another group trying to kidnap him. He wonders for a moment as he’s hitting one of them in the jaw whether he’d escape on his own or if Jörmungandr was going to end up saving his ass later. He inwardly sighs knowing he’s probably going to end up captured and held for ransom. Obie and Pepper were going to be so pissed with him for not making it to the meeting on time.
One of his attackers gets a lucky shot as they hit him across the face. He spits out blood cursing and when he tries to stand he comes face to face with a very large and very angry looking black wolf with beautiful green eyes.
“You’re eyes are so pretty.” He says ignoring that he’s going to get kidnapped and probably yelled at first by the important humans in his life and then by the giant protective snake that lives in his mansion and eats all his sweets. Seriously it’s a problem; he never gets any ice cream anymore even when he hides it.
The wolf looks at Tony’s attackers and growls before he rushes at them tearing them apart. Tony just sits there staring until the wolf comes to his side with blood dripping from his fangs.
“The blood really makes your eyes stand out.” He says with a grin as the wolf nuzzles his neck.
Tony picks up the large wolf surprised he can support the weight as he walks away.
“I’m keeping you forever.” He says rubbing his head into the wolf’s fur.
He’s not even surprised later when he finds out the wolf is yet another pet/housemate rumored to kill a certain one eyed god that Tony refuses not to call the alldaddy or patches during the Norse version of the apocalypse.
 
~
 
3
 
Tony was on one of his outings with Rhodey. They had been friends for years and really Rhodey shouldn’t be surprised by anything anymore. That being said Rhodey just glanced at Tony when they were out and a raven landed on his shoulder. It might just be that Tony didn’t react or he thought the bird would just fly off in a moment so he didn’t react. Tony in the meantime was enjoying his coffee. So what if he had a bird on his shoulder.
When a stray kitten randomly jumped out and latched onto Tony’s leg refusing to let go Rhodey opened his mouth to say something. He closed it again not saying anything as Tony didn’t seem to mind the small kitten that was dirty from its time without a home. When Rhodey heard the sounds of a dog he turned and saw two strays following them well to be more precise they were following close behind Tony.
“Something you want to tell me Tones?”
Tony looked at him still drinking his coffee because he would die without coffee.
“Oh yeah sure, I’m naming the raven Midnight, the cat Bell, and the two dogs Lucky and Lucy.”
Rhodey opened his mouth to speak but Tony held up his finger.
“Give it a moment.”
Rhodey was confused until another kitten came out of nowhere and latched onto Tony. He smiled as he said, “And this one is Launch. Let’s face it; this little one literally just launched herself at me.”
Rhodey just stared and shook his head.
“A good friend would question this.”
“Well thank god you’re like my brother.”
“Yep.” He agreed.
They never talked about him randomly acquiring strays. Pepper however had a near heart attack but she dropped the topic when Tony just told her he was a secret animal whisperer. Fenrir had laughed at him later about it like the bastard he was. Tony tried to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crack Treated Seriously
5+1 Things
Adorable Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

