Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s not that he doesn’t like being Spider-Man; far from it. He  loves  being Spider-Man.He loves saving the underdogs, keeping his city safe, getting to know people who he never would have known otherwise. He loves the very edges of rooftops, where he feels safest, and he loves the wind in his face when he swings his body between city buildings, like tall suburban giants.He could go without the bruises and the scrapes and the alleys that smell of rancid piss, though. He hates getting shot at and nearly killed most of the time, no matter how many times he ends up saving the day. He’s not particularly fond of the stupidity that runs through the veins of some New York criminals, and he  definitely  doesn’t like being thrown around by whatever new technology criminals are coming up with.It’s past midnight on the first Thursday of October, and Peter wrenches open his smudged fire escape window. He sticks one leg through, and collapses onto the ground inside his apartment underneath the window. He slumps down lower to the floor, groaning softly in pain as his muscles scream in protest.“Walk to the bed? Or stay here?” He contemplates, peeling his mask off up to his nose and wincing as dried blood sticks to the inside of the fabric.“Stay here.” He concludes, shooting a web at a dingy blanket from his sofa. He pulls it towards him until it’s wrapped around him warmly, and his eyes begin to drift shut, head dropping to his shoulder.He freezes, hearing creaks and groans that aren’t familiar to him and his downtrodden apartment.Peter jolts, and his eyes snap open, halting his slow descent in laying down entirely on the ground. He pulls himself up into a defensive crouch with the last of his energy, his middle and ring finger gently pressed against his palm out of instinct.“Was that my favorite little Spider that I heard? My Baby Arachnid? My Web-Head? My Buzz Kill with a Killer Ass?” A positively giddy voice calls out from his kitchen.  Way  too giddy for midnight.Deadpool steps into view, emerging from the kitchen with a glass of lemonade, a fancy little umbrella poking out of the glass. Peter doesn’t even  own  lemonade.  Or  fancy drink umbrellas.“‘Pool.” He groans and collapses back onto the floor with an eye roll that’s probably visible through the mask. Wade shows up at Peter’s apartment so often that it doesn’t even alarm Peter anymore once the mercenary emerges.Ever since Peter had been near death and Deadpool brought him back into the safety of his home, he seems to think he can pop into Peter’s not-so-luxurious apartment any time he wants. Peter’s usually fine with this. Deadpool is a bit unstable, yes. Erratic, definitely. Inappropriate, absolutely.But the two men have a sort of… compatibility that is entirely unfounded, and thoroughly surprising to Peter. Deadpool has an astonishing modicum of respect for Spider-Man. They have a shared knowledge of obscure references, and their banter comes unnervingly easy to Peter. After a while, Peter even started tolerating him.Wade turns the lights on and Peter squints hard, his eyes burning at the sudden brightness washing over his heightened senses. Peter gestures vaguely to the light switch and Wade shuts it. “Damn. Who fucked you up, Spidey?”He licks his lips and tastes the metallic blood staining them. Peter grabs his blanket and gets comfortable on the floor again, clutching his side in pain, his suit torn there, revealing the purplish-blue bruises underneath.“Some smart criminal who invented a glove with super-strength.” He mutters, pulling the blanket over his head as he lays down on the floor. “He threw me so high in the air that I started spiraling and couldn’t shoot my webs.”Wade hisses in short-lived sympathy, making himself comfortable on Peter’s sagging sofa and sipping his lemonade noisily.“Admittedly nice view of the cityscape, though. Until I started falling.” He moans, rolling over with his face to the window and his back to Deadpool, perfectly content in curling up and wallowing until his good-for-nothing healing factor kicks in.“Did you just turn your spider-butt to me? Did you just curl up in pity under that blanket?” Deadpool says in mock disappointment. “There’s no ‘grumpy’ in ‘team’!” Deadpool admonishes. “Turn around this instant, mister.”Peter sighs, his breath turning into a rattling cough that makes him clutch his belly.“Yikes.” Deadpool slurps the remainder of his lemonade down, the ice scraping against the glass. Peter squeezes his eyes against the abrasive sound. “Yeah…” Deadpool drawls. “Anyway, Pretty Boy, I have a proposition for you.”This makes Peter kind of want to throw up. Propositions by Deadpool always end up with them in varying degrees of pain, and a lot of explaining to do with the Avengers.Peter rolls over with a pitiful mewl of pain, wiping at his nose and wondering dismissively if it’s snot or blood. “Wade, the last time you  propositioned  me, a cyborg kicked me in the crotch, and we got webbed 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
One Shot
Comic-Con
Spideypool - Freeform
Sassy Peter
BAMF Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Deadpool being Deadpool
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Pansexual Character
Hurt/Comfort
Humor
Superfamily
Superfamily (Marvel)
Flirting
Awkward Flirting
Sexual Tension
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Action/Adventure
Romance
Canon-Typical Violence
Avengers Family
kind of
Feelings
Scars
Secret Identity
Immortality
The Author Regrets Nothing
sensory defensiveness
Neurodivergent Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

