Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“...After these appeared / A crew who under names of old renown, / Osiris, Isis, Orus and their train / With monstrous shapes and sorceries abused / Fantastic Egypt and her priests…” - Paradise Lost, Book 1

 
When he returned from Afghanistan, nightmares of swirling sand and hideous heat taunting him from the dark recesses of his mind and threatening to consume him, they assumed it was because of the torture he received there courtesy of the Ten Rings. He never had the courage to tell anyone, never trusted anyone with the truth: Afghanistan was far too close to his real home.
He had escaped early, in his opinion, from his abusive family, refusing to take part in their games. They, in turn, tried to wipe his existence from Midgard but he was too beloved by his people. He scattered across the world, hiding, performing the rites of old in secret, feeling his strength wane as he was passed over in favor of others. When one day he finally failed to complete his ancient duty, he crossed over into the mortal plane, hoping God would grant him the death he desired.
Instead, he found himself in America under a new name rightfully given: Anthony Edward Stark.




Tony knew he had made a mistake when he felt a surge of power, making him stumble in surprise, and the taste of pomegranates sticky against his tongue much the same as the arc reactor sprung coconut and metal when replaced with a new core. Oh, when had he last tasted pomegranates, the sweet rush of a sacrifice earned through good works?
But now was not a time to get lost in memories, be they fond or otherwise. He scanned his teammates, covertly measuring the truth in their hearts and freezing once he found the one who knew. Unsurprisingly, when he switched sights, it was T’Challa whose wide eyes met his. He who was the Wakandan King-to-be, a man still in touch with the gods of old. He sighed, anticipating his motions but unable to prevent the man from completing what his traditions demanded.
He gets up from his seated position, drawing everyone’s eyes, and Tony tries not to scowl because he really did not want this to happen here--to happen ever--but he can’t help but feel a surge of joy that someone recognized him after all this time without prompting. T’Challa falls to his knees on the floor, pressing into the pose of Bast--Tony tries not to be too offended, but she is his Goddess being the Black Panther, and honestly, the warmth in his gut is too strong to be overpowered by the act of using the wrong pose.
“Anapa,” he murmurs, head low and eyes hooded. “Ennead-unyana, Makabongwe lowo okhokela abafileyo,” Son of the Ennead, blessed is he who leads the dead
He felt the rumble of a cackle in his chest, something he hadn’t done in eons because he had no reason to, and released it quietly, startling the rest of the Avengers, drawing Thor’s contemplation, but putting T’Challa at ease. High-pitched and barely within the frequency that most humans could hear, he knew it was off-putting to mortals unused to his nature.
“Nyana-Bast, lowo wayeza kuba ngukumkani, wena bayasikelelwa,” Son of Bast, he who would be king, you are blessed he returned.
“Did my father make it to the Greater Elsewhere?” T’Challa asked, trembling faintly. “If you are here, Anapa, did he make it?”
Tony strode over to him, noticing how the room seemed to part for him to do so even though everyone else was already seated, and laid a hand on his shoulder. “Peace, nyana-Bast. I promise you he has been guided by Bast and Sekhmet in my place and he participates in the First and Last Hunt,” T’Challa’s gaze flickers up into his own, and he smiled down at him. “You do your ancestors proud, lowo elizukiswayo,” He who is honored
“Enkosi, Anapa,” T’Challa breathed with relief, actually bowing to him now. “Enkosi,” Thank you
“You can call me, Tony, T’Challa,” he said, unable to stop one last cackle from powering through. “Nothing’s changed,”
“No offense,” he began, rising to his feet but still keeping his head bowed in deference. “But you are a fool to believe that,” He made a sweeping gesture to the very alert and suspicious members of his team, movie-night completely forgotten and Tony sighed, falling into the seat he had been about to take.
“And whose fault is that, your highness?” he tossed back.
T’Challa’s lips quirked. “Yours entirely, UThixo ngubani le ndoda,” God who is man
“Friend Anthony, why did you not tell us you were of the Ennead?” Thor prompted, sensing the lull between the two.
“Because it doesn’t matter,” he snapped, unable to prevent the roll of instinctual rage being so close to another member of a pantheon, even if of the wrong variety, now that he had gotten a little more juice. As much as he enjoyed the boost, there was a reason he hid. “I have shuffled off the bonds of godhood for a mortal coil as it pleased me better,”
“So you’re completely human,” Natasha pondered, eyes assessing him and taking in new data.
“Mortal,” he corrected, fighting the urge to r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Timeline What Timeline
Pre-HYDRA Reveal
Bucky Didn't Show Up Yet but T'Challa Did
ambiguous timeline
Anubis!Tony
Egyptian God!Tony
Ancient Egyptian Literature & Mythology
Tony has a secret
Secrets
References to Paradise Lost

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

