Work Text:
The Avengers were a group of talented, enhanced people, and gods. Their leader Steve Rogers, the two spies Natasha Romanov and Clint Barton, the assassin James Barnes, their consultant and engineer Tony Stark, their doctor and rage monster Bruce Banner, their air support Same Wilson, and their two gods Thor and Loki Odinson. They fought the evil that threatened Midgard but when they weren’t fighting to protect the world they were at home either being normal people or causing some form of mayhem that annoyed their fellow avengers.
Today was one of those days that was filled with mayhem not caused by the super villain of the week. Clint was hiding in the vents as Natasha was on a murder path for his latest prank which she had been the target of. Loki was sitting in the living room meditating with Bruce Banner while Bucky was throwing his knives at the nearby target he’d set up, Steve was in the kitchen baking, and Thor was sampling everything he made.
“Where is he?” She growled as she entered the room where the others were gathered.
“Where is who?” Loki asked with a sigh because he could hardly meditate with all the noise.
“Clint, that asshole set up one of his pranks in my room.”
“He’s probably in the vents again.” Bucky said as he threw another knife perfectly hitting his target.
“Natasha I know his pranks are a bit much sometimes but can you please not try to kill him?” Steve asked taking his latest batch of muffins out of the oven and their scent caught Thor’s attention as his eyes locked onto the baked goods.
“Nonsense, the Lady Natasha is entitled to her vengeance.” Thor said reaching for the still hot muffins but clearly not worrying about burning himself. He did grow up alongside the god of fire so it made sense.
“You know what would make you feel better? Beating someone up, I volunteer Loki.” Bucky said earning a cold look from the god.
“Oh really? Are you certain this is a fight you wish for little metal man?”
Bucky grinned showing he wouldn’t mind a fight.
“I say we have a competition!” Clint cheered dropping from a nearby vent and barely dodging the widow bite.
“Hold still asshole.” She snarled chasing the ever tricky archer.
“What kind of competition?” Loki asked curious.
“Well we’re all ridiculously good at most of the shit we do together but we each have our own talents in a fight. I say we have a competition seeing as we have no villains or missions today. We’ll each try to fight using the methods of the other teammates. The one who can succeed with the most fighting styles of their teammates wins the pot!” Clint said grinning and the only reason he didn’t get punched in the face was because Natasha was interested in the wager.
“Pot?” Bruce asked.
“Yeah we’ll all bet.” Clint grinned even more clearly eager to try.
“You do realize I use magic and Thor’s hammer can only be wielded by one who is worthy correct?” Loki asked in a tone that said he was hesitant but interested.
“I know but it’s worth a shot. I mean we’ll look like idiots trying to use magic but hey maybe one of us will get lucky and be able to pick up Thor’s hammer.”
“It is not luck which allows me to wield my hammer friend Clint but this competition interests me.”
“It would give us good practice to fight outside our comfort zone. So it would be using strength, widow bites, daggers, bow, guns, magic, the falcon gear, and Thor’s hammer?”
“And the iron man suit. Tony’s joining in; he just doesn’t know it yet.”
“He’s been spending most of his time in the workshop; it would be good for him to get out for a while. JARVIS can you tell Tony to join us in the gym with the iron man suit?”
“Of course Captain Rogers.” The AI replied.
They headed to the gym with their gear ready to try Clint’s suggestion. They laid the gear out on the nearby table and waited for Tony who arrived a few minutes after them. Hearing the idea Tony smiled.
“Sure why not, sounds like fun. You know my suit doesn’t fit anyone else but me right?”
“I can use my magic to fix that.” Loki offered.
“Alright then. Who’s going first?” Tony asked as he exited the suit and left it by the table of weapons.
“My idea I get to go first!” Clint said excitedly as he tried to pick up Thor’s hammer and failed.
Next he picked up Bucky’s knives.
“Alright bring it on bitches.”
Tony had small robot targets for practice when they wanted to train. Clint did alright with the knives but he wasn’t use to them like he was the bow so he ended up being knocked over being up close and personal. The widow bites were much the same as Clint tried to jump on one of the bots to shock it with the bites and failed as he was flung off.
“Want to try your hand at magic now?” Loki asked as he laughed at the archer who was rubbing his lower back.
“Yeah no thanks, I’m not going to look stupid just for you asshole.”
Next was using just strength but he wasn’t use to just fighting with his fists and failed in managing to overcome the bots. The falcon gear he ended up crashing fairly quickly and the iron man
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avenger Loki
BAMF Tony Stark
Sentient Mjolnir

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

