Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Accords have grown in the past two years, now managing three US based super hero teams, and 15 international ones. As well as working with hundreds of individuals, and opening schools for the enhanced. However alien threats are occurring at a terrifying rate, and as much work as Dr. Stark has done the planet needs more defenders. The Avengers are going to be reinstated under the accords.They return to the united states on a rainy Thursday afternoon. The event is met with little fanfare. There are no press waiting for them at the end of the runway, no fans. Just Tony Stark, and a UN delegate by the name of Jessica.“American soil.” Clint says, practically jumping over the stairs in his rush to get off the plane, the others follow at a more sedate pace, and Steve takes point as they walk up to Tony and Jessica.“Welcome home Mr. Rogers.” Jessica says, mindful that this man has been stripped of his military title while away. “My name is Jessica.” She holds out a hand, and Rogers shakes it smiling at her. “I am a delegate from the UN and I will be working to ensure that you and your friends read and understand the accords before being reinstated as active duty.” She explains, and the smile drops.“Nice to meet you ma’am.” Steve says, with a false smile. Jessica smiles back at him blood red lips stretched thin around the uneasiness in her stomach, this is not going to be an easy job. The others wave at her from where they’re standing behind Steve.“A pleasure to see you again Steve,” Tony greets, smiling broadly at his ex-teammates. Jessica’s seen the clip from Siberia, she knows what they did, and she’s amazed at how open and kind Tony looks.“It’s nice to be back.” Steve replies, and Jessica winces at the obvious snub. “We’ve been looking forward to getting home, it’s been a long time since we’ve been in the compound.” Steve explains, and the others nod. Jessica wonders how this man can act as if he has a right to Dr. Stark’s property.“I’m so sorry, weren’t you guys informed?” Stark asks, and again Jessica finds herself admiring his ability to act, he seems truly apologetic.“Informed about what?” Clint demands shouldering his way in front of Steve. Jessica immediately labels him as her second biggest project after Steve.“The Avengers Compound no longer exists, it was turned into a boarding school for enhanced individuals about a year ago.” Tony explains. Clint’s mouth drops open. “I’m so sorry, we had no idea you were coming back, and after the backlash to our Civil War, you understand? These kids needed a place to say.” Jessica is reluctantly impressed, there’s not a lot the Avengers can say now without sounding like total assholes.“That was our home Stark.” Wanda says, and Jessica realizes they have no problem sounding like total assholes.  Tony deserves an Oscar for how apologetic he looks.“I understand, and I’m sorry. You guys will need to find your own housing now.” He explains, and Jessica can’t believe how entitled the rogues are.“What, are you too good to allow us to stay in your tower? The mansion? Any of your other properties?” Clint demands, and Jessica wants to smash his face in with a brick so she doesn’t have to deal with his insolent ass.“You started this war, and you’ve taken our home.” Wanda says, voice cold. Jessica silently mouths those words back to herself and finds that they still don’t make any sense.“I’m sorry.” Stark starts again, and Jessica decides to save the poor man from these people, hopefully he’ll return the favor at some point.“The Accords protect private citizens like Mr. Stark from being required to house teams of heroes. This also protects him from liability, and it is a constitutional right.” Jessica says, and Steve straightens up, smile back in place. She suddenly feels slightly afraid of him. “Any time spent avenging, or training will be compensated for by the UN. The facility for training mutants is currently located in DC.” This seems to shut down the others.“Oh, of course. Sorry for arguing like that ma’am.” Steve bows his head respectfully, and Jessica feels a tension headache forming already.“It’s okay, the car should be waiting outside to take you to the training facility.” She says, and watches as Tony graciously takes the shoulder check from Clint as they stalk past him to the exit. “Jesus, fuck man.” She mumbles, and Tony nods.“Might want to invest in some asprin.” He tells her, offering her a bottle from his suit pocket. She nods, rubbing at the bridge of her nose. “Best of luck, and call me if I can do anything to help you.” He says.“Thanks, but I don’t know if god himself could help me with them.” She replies, Tony smiles sympathetically.  “It was a pleasure meeting you Dr. Stark.” She says, scowling at the waiting car.“You as well Jessica.” Tony says, and she watches in awe as the suit seems to form around him. “By the way, call me Tony.” He winks at her as he takes off.…Within a week, Scott had signed paper saying he would no longe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
PR nightmare Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Passive-aggression
Tony Stark-centric
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
The Accords
Fluff

fandom: 
None
