Chapter 1: Complications Abound
    


Notes:
Or, Tony Stark, moments after Iron Man 3, wherein canon takes that last scene and the plot goes...diagonally from there.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
If you are reading this on any website that isn't archiveofourown or fanfiction.net, then please know it was stolen and reposted without my permission. This entire fic is freely available, for non-commercial use only.
 

 
 
Tony Stark didn’t really recognize the nuances of betrayal- his people skills weren’t the best, not at close range, not when he wasn’t in front of a camera or audience. He’d done his best to keep the world at arms’ length, and the few people that got through his shields also tended to as loyal as he was. He knew what to expect, is the point- he’d more than learned his lesson on betrayal by the time Obie’d ripped out his reactor, and shored up his defenses even more after that. So when Natalie Rushman decided to reveal her true colors, he hadn’t even been surprised- he’d recognized the look of people wanting something from him, after all. [He'd grown up surrounded by them, how could he not?]
 
Point is, he didn’t really have much practice with betrayal, because he didn’t let many people close enough to try.
 
But, Tony distantly thinks, throat abruptly dry as Bruce’s snoring becomes more audible, this might be how it feels like. It’s a bitter, acrid taste, realizing that he’d bit the bullet and actually tried to reach out to someone who might understand, and…now this. He’d understood why Pepper had stepped back, had been hurt but unsurprised by Steve Rogers’ reaction to him [though why had that felt like a betrayal when he actively tried to not emulate his father if at all possible], but— but he’d thought they’d connected, him and Bruce. Had thought that they’d bonded over their shared burdens, had thought the shared glances when everyone tuned out their discussing their life’s work meant something.
 
Well. Apparently not.
 
Oh, when the man startled awake, and muttered about “something about Switzerland”, he forced a smile and did his best to laugh it off, but…The silence after Bruce went back to sleep didn’t— he couldn’t bear it. Tony, somehow, felt more alone than ever, and he couldn’t—
 
“Hey, JARVIS, you up?”
“For you, sir? Always.”
Well. At least he could trust JARVIS for this. And no that didn’t sound as sad as he’d expected, that his own AI was the only one willing to put up with him at all times and—
“Sir, may I suggest you go to the kitchen? There’s tea brewing.”
Tony tried to clear his throat—first it was dry, now he could barely say a word, what gives?— and smiled. [And if it was slightly tremulous, well, he could trust his own AI, his closest confidante, to never tell.]
“Thank you, JARVIS. And then…are you up for another round in the lab? I think there’s some projects that need to get done, and I’m not…” Tony looked back at the man sleeping on the sofa, sighed, and continued, “I’d been hoping to coordinate with Bruce about some ideas after…this, but apparently not.”
“Of course. If you may, I’ll take the liberty of cueing up the New York holding list in order of priority, with other possible applications of…”
Tony took a quiet sip of tea, ignoring the slight quiver in his hands, and let the familiar voice wash over him as he tried to get the past hour and a half out of his mind.
Then he took a deep breath, finished his cup, and headed to the lab.
He had work to do, after all.

JARVIS had less than charitable opinions about Dr. Banner after the man’s readings had him appearing to fall asleep. In the middle of Sir attempting to reach out for the first time in weeks to who he’d hoped would be a friendly ear, which was unacceptable, but he couldn’t come up with anything that would not also alert Sir nor agitate the man in question past permitted parameters. Dr. Banner’s indifference was neither expected nor welcomed, and so he made a note to lower him on the priority rankings when it came to requests.
Seeing Sir’s readings approach levels indicating severe stress, JARVIS had the tea readied—if it was the blend Dr. Banner preferred, no matter; the man obviously didn’t care about helping Sir, and his current emotional state was nowhere near ideal levels. After seeing his readings gradually relax as JARVIS continued elaborating on the construction firm working on the Malibu site and the increased security framework being integrated, he knew it was working. Sir was finally starting to relax, and JARVIS once again set a subroutine to scour the internet for additional psychological information on his condition, and what actions he could take about it.
He needed help, and between Ms. Potts currently occupied with her own difficulties, like integrating the new version of Extremis into her life, Mr. Hogan’s recovery, and Col. Rhodes dealing with the fallout of everything, including the ramifications of having saved the President of the Un
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
past Tony Stark & the Avengers
Maria Hill & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
BAMF JARVIS
Unreliable Narrator
Codependency
Mental Health Issues
Tony Stark Has Issues
Dubious Morality
Unhealthy Relationships
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Loss of Trust
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Awesome Pepper Potts
BAMF everyone
BAMF SI Legal Team
Not Team Captain America Friendly
Not Avengers friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
World Domination
with a side of crack at the end
Accidental World Domination
Fix-It of Sorts
Fix-It via Accidental World Domination
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Accidental Overlord Tony Stark
Miscommunication
BAMF Stark Industries
Tags May Change
Crack Treated Seriously
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
past Tony Stark & the Avengers
Maria Hill & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

