Work Text:
Justin Hammer should not have been smart enough to trap them like this. It was ridiculous. Steve couldn't hear the insults pouring from Tony’s mouth as he tried to blast his way through the glass, but he could read the man's lips. At this point, there was no way they were getting free without Hammer overriding the codes. Everyone knew that J.A.R.V.I.S. had been compromised the moment Tony’s suit powered down. Without outside support they were stuck until they figured a way out of this mess. Steve paced the cell he was stuck in. He didn’t understand why he had been separated from the group, only minutes after being captured. He couldn’t hear his teammates, but he could tell they were coming up with plans that just wouldn’t work.With Bruce sedated they couldn’t rely on the Hulk’s brute strength to get them out. He’d been their last hope but with him sleeping on the floor of the cell, they didn’t have a chance. Whatever Hammer was up to, Steve was sure Tony would best him as usual. Steve had confidence in his team, because right now he was at a loss as to what to do. This was a situation the Avengers have never found themselves in before with Hammer. He didn’t have the tech to trap them so easily and it was absurd in the first place. Steve wondered just what Hammer was up to with his deliberate separation. He hadn’t exactly been that discreet with the huge smile on his face. Steve wondered just what Hammer had actually uncovered that had him grinning ear to ear. Hammer had certainly found something out that pleased him and Steve was cautious. There was nothing more dangerous than an enemy who had a clear focus on their plan. He fiddled with the idea that Hammer had somehow found out about Steve’s little secret, as impossible as it sounded. After becoming Captain America, Steve’s medical records were sealed and no one had access to them. They were locked to everyone including Steve. There was no reason anyone would go looking at them because of everything that was in place right now. No one would ever get the chance to know that the great Captain America was an Omega. The serum didn’t change that part of Steve’s biology much to his own chagrin. Erskine had said there was a small hope Steve wouldn’t be an Omega and that if he hadn’t turned into an Alpha, he’d at least be a Beta. But when Steve had stepped out of Howard’s machine, he was still an Omega. Even though he appeared to be an Alpha, Steve’s heats were still present in his life. He had gone through them solo and stayed away from the field for the week his heats lasted. They didn’t have suppressants in the ‘40s, so you had to get through your heat with nothing but your hand. Steve never had an Alpha to take care of him because he just didn’t want to submit. He was too proud to just let anyone have their way with him because of something like chemicals and pheromones. Steve knew how Omega’s could lose control when an Alpha was around. They lost all sense of propriety and rubbed themselves over the Alpha until he lost his mind. There was nothing that could resist an Omega when they wanted something and they were overloading an Alpha with pheromones to ensure it.   Running a hand through his hair, Steve stopped to glance over at his teammates and give them a wry smile. Thor was off world or else they’d be out of here since he would be their second choice on brute strength. Steve had never been at a loss like this before and it bothered him more than he would like to admit. Hammer wasn’t a man known for his intelligence so he had to be getting help from someone. He hated the fact they couldn’t communicate because there were so many things that could go wrong in this scenario. The worse being Steve missing taking his suppressants. They were godsends in this day and age and the first thing he had warmed up to when he had woken up. He didn’t have to suffer through the agony of a heat without an Alpha to lay claim to him and knot him. Steve was free to be his own man even though he didn’t sleep with anyone. His life may have been lonely in that department, but he refused to be subjected to mindless sex because of his status. Steve was someone who always fought for what he believed in and this was really no different. With the suppressants he was able to give off the illusion of being an Alpha easier than what it had been in the ‘40s.Steve would never give up the freedom he had. It was his own and he would give it up when he was ready, well if he was ever ready to give it up. There was one person Steve would seriously contemplate giving control to but Tony was out of the Captain’s reach. They mixed as well as oil and water. They worked well together on the field as Captain America and Iron Man. But in the privacy of the tower, they fought like cats and dogs and had to be separated before they physically got into a fight. He knew Tony blamed it on them being two Alpha’s, which wasn’t exactly true. Steve knew Tony’s instincts were aware something was off w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

freeform: 
A/B/O verse
Omega!Steve
Alpha!Tony
Steve has issues submitting
Justin Hammer is a dick
Dubious Consent?
forced mating
Forced Heat

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

