Work Text:
It’s been a year since what the media is calling The Avengers Civil War, and Tony is done. He’s working to get the Rogue’s pardoned, and now they are returning to the states. Most important though, is that they are no longer Tony’s problem, he got them their pardon, and now he’s washing his hands of the whole situation. He will not be at the airport to greet them, because he does not care.“Hey Tones, you okay there?” Rhodey asks, a gentle hand on his elbow startles Tony out of his thoughts, and he plasters on a smile for Rhodey.“You know me Honeybear, I’m always okay.” Tony insists, Rhodey doesn’t look like he believes him.  Still, he doesn’t contest the statement, just pulls Tony into a tight hug. “Really Rhodey, I’m okay.” Tony assures, but he melts into the hug.“Yeah, yeah, always okay. You want to go down to the lab?” Rhodey offers, and he looks at Pepper over Tony’s shoulder, there’s a promise of retribution in both their gazes. Tony nods against Rhodey’s shoulder.  “Then let’s go, Dum-E can show me the new tricks you’ve taught him.” Rhodey teases, and Tony pulls out of the hug, staying pressed against Rhodey’s side as they head to the elevator, one arm around Rhodey’s waist to help him balance.“Just keep out of the way of the fire extinguisher, he loves it too much.” Tony warns. “Bye Pep!” He waves over his shoulder.“Have fun you two!” Pepper calls after them, and waits for the elevator doors to close.  “Friday?” She asks, glancing up at the roof, as she gathers her papers.“Yes Miss?” Friday replies, the AI keeps track of the Colonel, and Bosses progress towards the lab, meticulously filing away their location, since Siberia she has spent more processing power on ensuring her and the Boss are never disconnected.  “All of The Rogues access has been revoked, to all Stark properties, correct?” Pepper asks, painted nails drumming against the marble counter top.“Of course, Miss, I will not permit them to get anywhere near the Boss.” Friday replies. She will not allow Boss to come to harm at Rogers hands again. If she cannot handle them alone, Colonel Rhodes will.“Good, and this restraining order certainly won’t hurt.” Pepper says, picking up her brief case, and heading for the elevator. “I’ll take it to them in person, just to be sure. Can you have Happy bring the car around?” She requests.“Of course, Miss, best of luck.” Friday says, as the elevator shuts, Ms. Potts will certainly need it.…Pepper stands at the end of the runway, clipboard in hand, looking put together in a navy pantsuit. The Avengers exit the jet, joking with each other, as if their exile was just a vacation. It becomes Virginia Pott’s goal in life to wipe the smiles off their faces.“Hello Ms. Potts, it’s nice to see you again.” Rogers greets, holding out a hand to her. “Where’s Stark?” She places the restraining order in his hand.“Welcome back.” She says, voice cold as he takes the papers. “That is a restraining order barring you from getting within a thousand feet of Dr. Stark, or setting foot on any Stark or Stark Industries properties.” They all look confused. “This includes the Compound, the Tower, Stark Industries offices in New York, Paris, DC, etcetera, and the Avengers night club to name a few.” She lists off. “The properties are all listed on the papers of course, read them.” She narrows her eyes at all of them.“What?” Clint asks, and Pepper smiles at him. Her goal has been achieved, none of them are smiling anymore, and Steve looks absolutely lost. Clint steps back as her gaze focuses on him.  “Exactly what I said Barton. That is a restraining order, barring all of you from entering Stark Properties, or going near Dr. Tony Stark. It was filed due to the physical attacks on Dr. Stark during the Civil War.” She explains, and Clint opens his mouth to argue, she holds up a finger to silence him. “Due to the physical attacks in both Germany, and Siberia, Dr. Stark was hospitalized, and I filed for this restraining order.” She says, before he can start spewing accusations. “Why?” Sam asks, and Pepper doesn’t grace him with a reply.“The so called Rogue Avengers are not welcome on Stark Property, or at any gala’s organized by Stark Industries or its affiliates.” She finishes.“But, the compound was our home!” Wanda pitches in, outraged, and Pepper’s gaze focuses on her. The others step forward slightly as if to protect the witch.“That’s interesting Ms. Maximoff, I thought it was a prison cell.” She replies, cold fury in her eyes, Wanda draws back slightly at the look. “But, more importantly, I don’t care.” Pepper continues, stepping forward. “I do not care if it was your home, you disrespected it, and you personally destroyed a part of it. You hurt Dr. Stark, and you are no longer legally allowed to set foot there.” Wanda’s eyes are wide.“Now, Mr. Potts I don’t think you’re being fair.” Steve starts, placing a hand on her arm in an attempt to calm the situation. Pepper turns her cold gaze on him.“Rogers, take your hand off me.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
implied

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
not team Cap friendly
Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
implied

