Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I might need your help,” Tony Stark admits quietly to Peter Parker on a warm Tuesday night in June. They’re high up on a jutting cliff over-looking the city, which shines like an enormous jewel below them. For not the first time, Peter marvels at the locations simply being Tony Stark allows one access to as he sits patiently in the passenger seat of the ‘crazy car’ he first ever glimpsed parked in front of his apartment building a little over two years ago. The vehicle sounds a bit worse for wear since then, clattering slightly, even as they sit idle, and Peter wonders why Tony hasn’t bothered to fix it.“Sure, Mr. Stark, anything,” he says, when Tony doesn’t elaborate. Then he feels it; the crushing grip of anxiety, unmistakable. He can feel the wild ‘thump-ump, thump-ump’, of Tony’s quickening heart rate, just as he notices the man’s pallor and trembling hands. Peter has never informed Tony that he can sense every little weakness that overcomes him, but he’s under no illusion that Stark doesn’t already know.“You don’t even know what it is yet,” Tony observes after a noticeable attempt to collect himself, which seems to barely work, but he says it with playful disapproval and offers Peter a sideways glance, “I could be asking you to come rob a grave with me tonight, and you would have just agreed to it. Not good foresight.”“This wouldn’t happen to be the grave where you’ve buried all your lame jokes, would it?” Peter fires back, and Tony smirks at him, chuckles lightly. It’s short lived, but Peter’s glad to have brought a smile to his face. It’s become such a rare occurrence, Peter’s almost forgotten what it sounds like when the man laughs.“Seriously,” Tony continues, frowning, putting the mask back on, “this isn’t something I would suggest just blindly agreeing to. This is… How old are you, again, fifteen?”“Sixteen, Mr. Stark, I’m- I’m sixteen.” Peter says, annoyed, because he’s about to have a birthday in a couple weeks. Tony knows this, having already gifted him with a series of upgrades to his Spider-Man suit, as well as a large college grant to save face with May.“Right, wow, damn, can’t even get into a rated ‘R’ movie by yourself yet, can you?” Tony says, rubbing his fingers thoughtfully through a goatee now speckled with gray. “Can’t legally buy booze, cigarettes, or gamble, join the military…”Peter stifles his sigh, because he’s almost positive he knows where this is going. “I mean yeah, but I’m turning seventeen here soon, so, I’m not totally useless,” he says, defensively.“No, of course you’re not,” Tony agrees wholeheartedly, “gosh, you’re far from useless, Peter. It’s just you’re young, and I’m sorry you never had a chance at a normal life. I’m sorry that having these powers means you feel like you have to carry the world’s burdens on your back, and I fully, intimately understand the guilt that drives that. But I want you to know that my situation and yours are totally different. I’m repenting for my negligence; I allowed very dangerous weapons to be used by very evil people to murder… countless innocents. I’ve made mistakes that cost thousands of lives. I owe a debt, and my job here isn’t done yet. You, though, Pete… you don’t owe this world squat. This world owes you.”That’s crap, Peter knows, because it was Tony’s business partner making those illegal sales, and neither was Tony the only one responsible for the Ultron fiasco, but it’s so like him to take the full blame. Trying to explain these things to Tony simply stresses him out. Now it’s Peter’s turn to shoot the sideways glance. “What is it you’re trying to say, Mr. Stark?” he asks.“I don’t know,” Tony says, sighing heavily, “look, being… this, whatever it is I call myself, a ‘hero’ or whatever, it will not be kind to you. You’ll suffer, you’ll have nightmares, you’ll be ridiculed, you’ll never have a normal life, Peter, ever, and it will affect you. Maybe I’m trying to say that you shouldn’t feel forced into sacrificing your chance at something better through some misguided guilt complex, because that’s my problem, and there’s no reason for you to feel obligated to do anything at all for these people. You haven’t screwed up like I have yet, maybe-.”“Are you trying to get me to quit again?” Peter asks, rolling his eyes. This is simply Tony being insecure about his request, something Peter was completely taken aback to find out about Iron Man; the person beneath the cold, metal, uncaring gaze is troubled.Over the course of the last two years, Peter has gotten to know Tony little by little, and he’s constantly surprised at what he finds beneath the thick armor Tony shields himself with, in the suit or out of it. Tony Stark struggles, more than most, perhaps. Of course, Tony has never directly opened up to Peter about anything like that, clearly operating under some commitment to appear as solid and flashy and unbreakable as diamonds when around nearly everyone.But Peter will never forget the way Tony’s heart pou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Friday & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Guardians of the Galaxy Team

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Extremis
Medical Procedures
Flashbacks
Nightmares
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Past Torture
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Illnesses
Terminal Illnesses
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt/Comfort
Sick Tony Stark
Poor Peter Parker
Poor Tony Stark
Angst
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
PTSD
Plot-heavy
Slow Build
Temporary Character Death
Tony Stark is the Best Dad
No Spoilers
Platonic Relationships
Not Homecoming Compliant
Father-Son Relationship
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Infinity Gauntlet
Precious Peter Parker
Torture
Whump
Injury
Injury Recovery
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Quill Feels
Infinity Gems
Not Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2 Compliant
Protective Peter Quill
Mental Health Issues
I Am Groot (Marvel)
Infinity War
Iron Dad
spider son
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Friday & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Guardians of the Galaxy Team

