Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Well, shit,” Tony thinks, after Rogers and Barnes left his sight. “A vibranium shield through the arc reactor and one's rip cage is probably one of the more dramatic ways to say that you're not longer in one team.” To top it all off, being stranded in Siberia doesn't make it any better.“So, okay. Let's take stock: The armor is down, the arc reactor broken. So no Friday, no flight, no any tech help. The only way to move the armor is through sheer muscle power. The emergency releases are an option, but the thin leather jacket, shirt, and jeans I'm wearing are not much help at -20°C Siberian weather, so the dead suit is still usable for insulation purposes, at least for a little while. I've got no way to contact anyone, but Friday would alert someone after she lost contact with me. I just have to wait till helps get here. Should only take like max. 6 hours, I can survive 6 hours, right? The only problem is the cold. I should maybe go deeper inside the base where I'm a little bit less likely to freeze to death. I only have to get up and walk a bit. I only have a couple of broken rips and a murder headache, nothing I haven't managed to ignore before.” But as Tony was standing up, he nearly fell down again. “Okay, I'm also really dizzy, so likely a concussion, too” he realizes while taking some shaky steps, only to finally fall down.“Huh, why am I suddenly so close to the ground? Breathing is also kinda hard. And why are there suddenly two vibranium shields lying around?”, asks Tony himself before loosing consciousness.------------ Consciousness comes back slowly. Tony can't hear a thing, his eyes are too heavy to open and his body feels numb. Where is he? The last thing he remembers is... Siberia! He went to help a friend only to once again realize that he expected too much. Betrayal is his constant companion. Rogers beat him bloody and left him stranded in a dead suit. He has been so sure that Rogers was about to decapitate him. But instead he went for his metaphorical heart and crushed it. (He told Rogers once that this was his armors greatest weakness.) He seems to not be build for friends, Rhodey being the only exception. But he doesn't seem to be in Siberia anymore. It isn't cold, he isn't in his armor and he's lying on something soft.Considering he is also feeling like a giant bruise, but all pain is kind of muted, he is probably in a hospital and on painkillers.So somebody did find him before he froze to death. Once again Tony managed to cheat death. Hooray... he kind of feels unkillable like a cockroach. To gauge the extend of his injuries, Tony tries to move his limbs, but only manages some weak twitching. He keeps on trying, letting out some silent moans until suddenly something is touching his shoulder.Panic set in, as he hasn't heard anything approaching, and the slight surge of adrenaline allows Tony to finally open his eyes and move his head to see what or who has touched him.The sight of Rhodey lessens the panic immensely. Rhodey is safe. The little energy surge ends as quickly as it has come and Tony's head falls back again. Rhodey seems to mouth something at him but Tony is too tired to try to decipher it.He wanted to ask Rhodey why he doesn't just ask aloud. Is there someone listening on them? But his throat is too dry to speak. Rhodey luckily realizes the problem, fills a cup with water and a straw and holds it to Tony's lips. Tony drinks as if he had crossed the Afghani desert again, but Rhodey takes away the cup before he can empty it. Rhodey mouths something at him again, so finally Tony does ask why he doesn't just speak, causing Rhodey to frown at him. Tony couldn't hear his own voice, his throat must be worse off than he thought. So he tries again, louder this time.But Rhodey's frown only deepens and Tony couldn't hear himself now either. Before Tony can try again, Rhodey looked sharply to the right. Tony follows his example and looks too, only to realize that a doctor just came in and Tony hasn't heard it. Now that he thinks about it, he hadn't heard anything since he woke up. Not Rhodey, not the doctor, or the heart monitor next to him. “I can't hear anything,” he says to Rhodey and the doctor, though he can't hear his words himself. “Haven't heard a thing since waking up, now that I think about it.”Panic is gripping him again, breathing is becoming hard, even with the oxygen tube down his nose. He has to calm down, he has to ground himself. Okay, he's done that often enough. 54321, easy. 5 things he can see: Rhodey, the doc, a window, a door, and a uhm... a painting. 4 things he can hear...FUCK...moving on. 3 things he can touch. But before he can touch his blanket, he stumbles upon a slight problem. Where his right hand is supposed to be is now only a slightly red bandage upon a stump.He can't breath anymore and black was finally creeping in his vision. After maybe half a minute, which feels like a eternity to Tony, he feels a pinprick and falls asleep aga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Bots

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark get's shit done
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Evil Wanda Maximoff
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Infinity War
Permanent Injury
Tony Stark-centric
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Bots

