Work Text:
10Nobody expects Tony to treat Avenging like a full-time job. Hell, Tony didn’t even realize it could be a full-time job until he’d started renovating the new compound upstate and realized that some of them would be staying there effectively 24/7.For Avengers Mark I, it was clear to all of them from the get-go that it wouldn’t be a permanent gig. Fury brought them together just to take down Loki, and later it was only because of Thor that they had a reunion tour to find the scepter. In and out, done and settled, then everyone would presumably be scattered to the winds as before. It even almost kinda happened that way, except some of them stuck around for the new line-up.Steve and Natasha have a shared leadership kink, apparently, and are committed to working with Fury and Maria’s fledgling new form of SHIELD. Wanda and Vision? Have nowhere else to go. That leaves Tony, Rhodey and to a lesser extent Sam as the ones who clock in and out as the missions take ‘em – which is fine, because Steve would never ask them to drop their other responsibilities entirely, and far better for the Avengers’ home team to have extra hands every other day instead of not at all.Basically, it’s interesting how Avenging – as an occupation – is changing.Personally, Tony thinks it’s absolutely necessary for the long-term. Who knows when Thor’s coming back or what news he’d bring with him, and the team needs to be primed and ready for when that happens. The threats are changing, too, what with the world responding to the influx of weird of the past couple of years.So, yeah. Avengers Mark II – a work in progress, and definitely necessary.On a micro level, it’s good for Steve, too. Heaven knows the guy needs some kind of stability in his life, even if in this case stability means a state-of-the-art superheroing facility and a regular crew to spy on and/or beat up bad guys with. Over the weeks after the new line-up’s put together, Tony watches with no small amount of satisfaction as Steve settles down, makes himself comfortable, and takes over the damned place.(The damned place that Tony built, thank you very much.)So every time Tony goes to Avengers HQ, there’s something new about Steve to discover. It ranges from new equipment Steve’s picked out for the place, to some new trick with the shield to show-off, to some exciting new discovery of the 21st century that Steve just has to talk his ear off about.All this accounts for the way Tony’s heartbeat accelerates every single time he gets back to the place. Be it by car, helicopter, or the suit – and never mind that it’s been weeks since he and Steve started being a thing – Tony is not too cool to skip and bound up the last couple of steps up to the living area.Tonight, when Tony keys the door open, he’s greeted by the tableau of almost the entire team, plus Maria, gathered in the common area. Tony walks in slowly, taking in the sights: Steve, Natasha, Wanda and Maria are filling out the chairs in front of the TV playing a nature documentary, while Sam and Vision are sitting at the separate island and peering together at a phone.It’s peaceful. Even with Wanda and Natasha arguing the ethics about whatever’s going on in the documentary and Steve threatening to change the channel if they don’t stop, it’s peaceful.Tony steps inside and nods at the screen. “Educational.”“The narration helps with writing mission reports,” Natasha says. “Wanda’s still getting the hang of that.”Wanda makes a disgusted sound. “Please do not blame me for the choice of supposed entertainment.”“It does help, though,” Maria says. “At least in getting to the right mindset.”Steve looks up at Tony as he approaches. “Wanda’s been lagging on mission reports, she finds them difficult—”“A waste of time,” Wanda says. “Not difficult.”“Reports are the worst, though.” Tony exchanges a sympathetic look with Wanda as he moves past her. “Hey, an empty seat.”Steve makes a surprised noise when Tony sits on him, but he gets with the program quickly enough, shifting to accommodate Tony settling his back against Steve’s chest. It’s already the best spot in the building, really, but then Steve goes and makes it better by draping an arm around Tony’s waist.“Long day?” Steve asks quietly, mouth close to Tony’s ear.“Nah, I’m good,” Tony says. “You?”“I’m good, too.” Tony can’t see Steve’s face properly, but he can hear the smile in his voice. “Nice to have you back.”“We are all doing the same mission,” Wanda’s saying. “How many mission reports are necessary? Yes, yes, I understand that it’s important to have different points of view, but can there not be any simpler, faster way of doing it?”“Audio reports,” Tony says, closing his eyes.“You can’t skim audio reports,” Maria says.“That’s what audio-to-text is for,” Tony says.“That’s not how we do things,” Maria replies.“You’re not Wanda’s boss,” Tony points out. “Steve is.”Natasha hums in agreement. “Not to mention that when you said ‘we’, you’re meaning SHIELD, but we’re not SHIELD. S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Canon Divergent
Flirting
Banter
Fluff
Schmoop
Mild Angst
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Wish Fulfillment
Tony POV

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

