Work Text:
1
 
“The guy built his first suit in a cave with scraps, that shouldn’t be possible.” Fury said as he was once again examining Tony’s file even though the man had already proven to work as one of the avengers.
“The guy’s a genius; I don’t think we have to worry too much sir.” Coulson said in defense of the genius.
“I don’t like it; I want you to watch him. You’ll handle the avengers, that way he won’t know you’re there to watch him.”
Coulson sighed but accepted his mission. He didn’t think there was a problem. Fury was director of Shield for a reason though. He just wouldn’t understand the need for the suspicion until later after several kidnappings of the avengers and attacks later.
The first kidnapping was Tony and Natasha. Natasha was giving her report because Tony had skipped out on it. Coulson was looking at her trying to keep the straight face of a proper agent of Shield but he found himself failing a bit.
“You want to repeat that again?”
Natasha sighed.
“We were both held captive in cells right next to each other.”
“Ok I got that part.” He said because this isn’t where she lost him.
“Tony was the one to help us get out.”
“Ok,” He said again not at the part where she lost him.
“He cut through the separating our holding cells.”
“Ok…and he did this with what?”
She sighed.
“A lightsaber.”
Phil paused.
“What color was it?”
Natasha raised a brow.
“That’s your first question.”
“I know it was one of the first things you noticed about it.”
She sighed.
“It was red and before you ask he’s answer was because he pickpocketed the guard’s wallet and what other color would a lightsaber be when you use a villain’s wallet to make it.”
Phil ran a hand down his face.
“You’re telling me Tony Stark made a lightsaber like from Star Wars out of a Hydra agent’s wallet.”
“I’m just telling you what he told me and technically he only needed half the wallet and the credit cards inside. He gave me what remained of the wallet in case I could use it.”
Phil was be pretty sure Natasha was pulling one over on him if not for the fact that she never joked during mission reports. He wasn’t quite yet ready to give Fury’s concerns credit unless this happened again.
 
~
 
2
 
Bucky cursed as he was trapped with Tony with a massive incoming force. He didn’t understand why Sunday was the perfect time for some strange alien invasion and it was the one day Tony didn’t have his suit.
He glanced at the large number of aliens wondering how he could get them out of this alive.
“Here, use this.” Tony said shoving something into his hands when he was still watching the approaching aliens.
“Where the fuck did you get a rocket launcher?”
“I made it; just get us out of here.”
“The fuck did you make this out of? And where are your shoes?”
“I had to use them to make it, I might have used a few other things that were here to but we’ll worry about that later.”
Bucky stared in disbelief before he glanced at the candle store they were in (he liked candle, don’t you judge him).
“You know what; I’m not even going to ask.” He said shaking his head as he used the rocket launcher to clear a path for them.
Later when he was giving his report to Phil he had to repeat himself.
“You’re telling me in the few seconds you turned away Tony Stark made a rocket launcher out of his shoes and some candles.”
“That’s honestly what happened sir, I wouldn’t lie about that.”
Phil looked at said rocket launcher that couldn’t possibly be made with the items Bucky listed. It was well made and honestly Fury would probably love to have several of them but how the holy hell did he make it out of shoes and candles.
“He say how his shoes helped in this task?”
“He said they were very expensive shoes.”
Because of course that was apparently how he made a rocket launcher with expensive shoes. God forbid he had to make a handgun if he’d been wearing cheap shoes. Phil sighed wondering if he was slowly going insane.
 
~
 
3
 
Clint cursed as he didn’t have a bow with him. Why Hydra decided to attack the one day he decided to go out drinking with Tony he didn’t know. He really wished he had his bow with an exploding arrow. It would solve this problem so quickly.
“Here, kick their ass Hawkeye.” Tony said sounding drunk.
Clint had been watching the enemy and when he turned to Tony he was swaying a bit as he held out a bow and arrows.
“Where the hell did you get those?”
“We had enough beer bottles so I made it.”
He stared before he grabbed the items confused as all hell. Tony explained there were exploding arrows there then proceeded to pass out drunk. Clint fired a few arrows taking out the agents before calling Phil for a pick up because he wasn’t dragging Tony’s ass back to the tower. The man was small but he was heavy with the muscle he kept hidden.
“So…he made you a bow.” Phil said when they got back to the tower with thankfully Steve carrying Tony’s drunk ass inside.
“And exploding arrows.”
Phil stared at him a moment before he shook his head.
“This is just ridiculous.”
“I wouldn’t l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Confused Phil Coulson
Crack Treated Seriously
Fluff and Crack
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

