Work Text:
  
5 Reasons Why Thor Is Slightly Overprotective of Loki 

+1 Reason Why it's a Continuing Trend
 
1.Loki is Fragile
“Thor!” Steve cried out, smashing another Doombot's head off with his shield. “Welcome back. You really couldn't have picked a better time to finish your vacation, you really couldn't.”“Aye, this is a most opportune moment to make my return.” Thor grinned at him, bashed two Doombots and zapped four more. “Some exercise will do my brother well.”“You have a brother?” Steve asked, smashing a Doombot away from some civilians. “How does he manage evil robots? We can use all the help we can get.”“I know not.” Thor said, zapping about twenty with his hammer. “I shall check.” He turned around and looked towards city hall. Steve turned as well, just in time to see a tall man, dressed in either Asgardian garb or an opera costume, pretty much lift up his hand and make five Doombots spontaneously explode. Another robot came up from behind, but tall, pale and apparently magic simply grabbed it and tossed it into a bus.Making the bus skid down the street, then tip over onto two more Doombots.“Brother!” Thor yelled. “Do not throw them so hard, you will strain yourself!”Steve didn't know what to say to that. He also didn't know what to say when, upon meeting Loki, Thor very seriously said “Take care with how you shake my brother's hand, he is not built like other Asgardians. Loki has most sensitive skin and fragile bones.”There was obviously some Asgardian custom or other that Steve was missing. 
2.Loki is Innocent
“Have you no decency?! How dare you flaunt your perverse ways in front of my precious brother?!” Thor roared, startling the couple apart.Tony blinked. “Thor, I just kissed Pepper. There wasn't even any tongue.”“But on the lips! Have you no shame, Man of Iron?!” Thor was practically throthing from the mouth, spittle flying everywhere.Loki, currently standing slightly behind the thunderer, rolled his eyes. “Thor, what was it that they were doing?” he asked innocently, blinking a few times for added effect.Thor immediately turned his complete attention to his brother. “Fret not over such lewd displays, brother, you are much too young for that.”“But I want to know.”“No, no, I must insist. I shall explain these sordid details in a millennium or so, when you are old enough to comprehend such depravity.” Thor wrapped one arm around Loki's shoulder and started leading him away. “Come, I shall make you something delicious.” Loki used one hand to make shooing motions at Tony behind Thor's back and the genius gratefully obeyed. “The Tarts of Pop are most excellent, much better for you.”Loki smiled sweetly, nodding at him.Meanwhile, Tony holed himself and Pepper in his workshop, where it was safe and not crazy. Well, less crazy. 
3. Loki is Sensitive
Okay, so maybe the plan to introduce the gods to Disney was a bad one. Or maybe they shouldn't have started with the Lion King.Then again, it's not every day one witnesses the TV getting Mjolnir'd.“The honorable father is just sleeping brother!” Thor practically screamed at Loki's face. “Playing with those other animals tired him out, and he is just resting!”“If you say so, brother.” Loki said flatly, looking less than impressed.“I do say so! I also say that it is late enough, you must rest, brother.”“Very well.” Loki stood with a sigh. “I'll be in my chambers.”“Straight to bed, Loki, you shouldn't stay up too late.” Thor's smile was strained as he watched his brother leave the room, then he turned a thunderous glare at the rest of the Avengers. “If he suffers one nightmare from your vicious movie, I shall have your heads.”“The movie's not our fault. Blame Disney.”“Then I shall pay a visit to this 'Disney' and explain to him the trauma his movies may inspire in innocent minds.”Thor stalked out, probably to read his brother a bedtime story.Natasha stared after him, then turned to the other Avengers. “I'm starting to think this may not be an elaborate prank.”“What tipped you off?” Tony asked, downing the rest of his drink in one go. 
4.Loki is Young
There was something seriously wrong here.Loki was sitting in front of Tony, not even pretending to eat. Instead, the little minx was licking his spoon. He licked up the handle slowly, tongue spread wide and glistening. He traced the rounded edge with the very tip of his tongue, then wrapped his lips around it, suckling slightly. Loki smiled sweetly when he had Tony's complete attention, and lowered the spoon slightly, running it slowly up and down his long, pale neck.Jesus, how the fuck is a spoon erotic?“Friend Stark.” Loki murmured, voice low and husky. “I have a... request.”“Mmmmyeah?”“I find myself craving for the... companionship of someone not a sibling. I find your-” he paused to run his gaze up and down Tony's body, then gave a sultry smile. “presence to be pleasing and entertaining. I'm sure you would do you best to satisfy-” he purred, eyes slipping half-way closed. “my tiny request.”Tony swallowed h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Crack
Fluff and Humor
Overprotective Family is Overprotective
like you wouldn't believe
Loki is mostly Meh About it
everyone else is hella confused
We're Talking Proper Crack Here

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

