Chapter 1: waking up
    




Chapter Text
First time ever publishing on the wonderful Ao3 site. kind of new and unexpected me writing essentially for iron man lol.so this in not beta-ed, so sorry if you find any mistakes. and since i am not English but Italian, i hope it is somewhat a decent read. yes i am  bitter and i love, i mean LOVE bitter Tony. But, there are not enough of those around so this is for me a therapeutic way of working through my feelings and what i would like to happen but in no way in hell is MCU going to give us! so there it is.I hope you guys like it. 
One week after Siberia

Helsinki

Secret medical facility (thanks Howard!)
  Well this was not his idea of fun.  Pain! Pain everywhere. His bones, his muscles, his head. A little blurriness left over? Check. Well at least he had not lost any of his limbs. That couldn’t be said for everyone else… he thought with a smirk. Hydra arm and the shield back at the secret SI facility in New York, thanks to an ever efficient Pepper.Now, last thing he remembers? That fucking shield that’s what! Fucking red and blue staring at him. Then nothing. He remembers the sheer and cutting cold through his extremities. He remembers blurriness after capitan asshole started hitting him. He remember the asshole’s eyes.He remembers every single thing and he will forever remember!There was no forgetting it, nor there ever would be understanding from Tony Stark. He walked out with his boyfriend and that was it. And that was his choice and damn the consequences!And now laying in the hospital bed, watching Pepper sleep in that incredibly uncomfortable chair, he decided that he also would make his choice and gladly deal with his consequences. He sighed again. It felt like a train was sitting on his chest, but the good doc, had told him that it was normal after the surgery he went through… so hit the pain meds button. He had tried to really not to, but the doc and Pepper had been adamant. Don’t be a hero now, the doc gently said. As for Pepper Do not dare bullshit me, Tony, you are in pain, do something about it, hit the damn button or else! That had done it!The details of his rescue were still vague. He knew that Vision was the one to call in for the jet and Friday had called Pepper and was in constant contact with Rhodey. As for him, well.. crashed rib cage and all of that, a concussion, and a serious case of pneumonia, again thanks to Capitan asshole!!!He had been out for almost a week. And waking up to the sight of Pepper was the warmest feel that he felt in the longest time. After, she had refused to leave him. SI would deal, she said. She knew how to delegate, she said. he knew that it was a jab at his total incapability of taking it easy and delegate.Oh God, he had missed her like the oxygen.From what he knew from one of the nurses assisting him in Helsinki, Zemo had been brought in, by the one and only king T’Challa, otherwise known from now on as asshole n. 2.He was there, he realized and had not intervened once and had quite possibly left him there just like, and with, Rogers.They had left him to die. With the suit disabled and the injuries that he had suffered in the freezing cold of fucking Siberia! And they well, they had escaped the raft. The rogue avengers, like they were being called now. He knew that asshole number one helped them a great deal. And if he was really, really honest with himself, he was kind of impressed by it. But then again he knew for a fact that Rogers by himself couldn’t have done it…he suspected that somebody with enough knowledge of super-secret security systems had helped the idiot out, thus making said person an idiot by association. His head hurt at the thought.Well there it went his plan. If they had just stayed put for a little while longer. It’s not like they were being tortured or anything, and he had ready a full international lawsuit so good, that Ross himself would have been blown off the face of the earth, but nooo!! thay had to escape…  and now things would just be a little more difficult than they had to be. But, Tony thought, it was just like them, complicating, messing things up and at the end expecting Tony to somwhow magically fix it…Well, he thought the Italians have a say “la speranza è l’ultima a morire” (hope was the last thing to die)… still his trade mark smirk back on his face.Oh, yes… because If maybe, it was the Ptsd that had done it (yes he knew he had it, he was a genius, thank you very much) or Ultron and the sheer ever-present feeling of guilt, or whatever the witch had done to his brain chemistry that turned him into a doormat for arguably people of lesser… intelligence and knowledge… well suffice to say that now he felt awake, more than he had ever been. Now he understood what it was that he had to do.Yes, Tony Stark was back! Well at least he would be after going home… now how about talking to a doctor to get out of here???
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony centric
Related one shots
Tony Stark Centric
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
no bashing if it's the truth
not team Cap friendly
i am bitter as fuck
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

