Work Text:
The first time Peter buys a Deadpool plush is something absolutely instinctual, a simple crazy act that his mind tries to dismiss and deny as soon as he’s done.The plush isn’t even official -who would produce the toy of a mercenary?-, but he has found it on the Internet, hand-made by a little girl with a passion for sewing and red-and-black mercenaries.“You like Deadpool too, mister?” the girl has asked him on her last email before sending the finished product.Peter has awkwardly ignored both the question in his reply and the answer stubbornly screaming in his head.The plush is cu- good and every time Peter opens his closet to take out his clothes or Spider-Man costume he sees it, standing proudly on a pile of sweaters, glaring with its soft katanas in hand. The girl added two holsters with guns on its waist too and Peter has to admit she is really talented.He tries to admit nothing else, but when he looks at the plush he feels happier and somehow at peace.He doesn’t feel exactly at peace, though, when he meets Wade during their team-ups and when his mercenary talent is requested for complicated battles (despite Stark’s frown and the Hulk’s irritability).Peter feels restless and nervous, constantly on edge, because Wade is distracting, Wade flirts with him, Wade tries to touch him in the most different situations and Peter thanks all the gods above for his Spider-Man mask. Otherwise his blush would be visible from space and the last thing he needs is giving Wade satisfaction.The last thing he needs is admitting something like this, too, so he puts on a show, a cold and stern façade. It’s only when he is at home again that his second mask crumbles down and he opens the closet with relief and a stinging disappointment.The second time he orders a second plush and sleeps with the first one he has to accept something is wrong with him.“Okay, so what?” he says out loud four weeks later as cute and various Deadpool plushes surround him on his bed. There is Lolita Deadpool, wearing that dress Wade wore one day for their team-up against Hit Monkey; there is Pirate Deadpool, Sheriff Deadpool, Deadpool in a space suit, maskless Deadpool…Everything is Deadpool and nothing hurts… apart from Peter’s wallet, but he tries not to think about that.“It could be worse!” Peter continues talking to himself with the vain hope of convincing himself that everything is alright. “It’s not like I’m collecting corpses! Or… or drugs! Nothing is bad with plushes, they are good for the spirit!” He sighs and puts the little guys into the closet, but keeps outside the one without mask. The sewing girl owns a good dose of information about Deadpool - she said she is one of his greatest fans and he even saved her life and her village once -, so it wasn’t difficult for her to recreate his face and scars. Peter grunts as he adjusts the plush next to him on the bed and starts reading a book before sleeping, unaware of the way one of his hands strokes the soft red and black fabric.“It’s okay, I’m probably trying to compensate for my toy-less childhood.” Peter muses nonchalantly as he opens the umpteenth package and stares happily at the Wade plush inside it. It’s a Wade plush because it’s wearing those civilian clothes Peter saw him putting on once: a red hoodie, a pair of jeans and a baseball cap. There is a letter from the little girl too and Peter reads the few words with an embarrassed blush on his cheeks.
“I had fun with this one, mister! You really must have a crush on mister Deadpool, huh? I’m always available if you need more. Thanks for buying (you are basically paying for my college)!”
Peter silently goes to the bedroom and opens the closet: the clothes are pushed against the back, squashed by dozens of small figures. The sight is frightening, familiar and sweet at the same time and Peter takes extreme care in placing the last addition in a good spot, in order not to ruin it or the others. Then he hastily closes the closet, because his brain is screaming and swearing at him truths he doesn’t want to hear, things that sound like: “You are 100% insane”, “Admit it already and do something”, “Please do something that won’t ruin you financially though”.Peter groans, ignores his brain and focuses on the photos he must work on instead.Later that night he opens the closet again and shamelessly sleeps with the Wade plush.- - - Wade is good at admitting he has problems, so this time isn’t difficult either to shrug and say: “Yeah, I guess I have a problem.”More precisely the problem is Spidey, aka Peter Parker. The cute young man with Bambi eyes and hot body who always protects innocents and dismisses his advances with a serious tone and a stiff stance. Yeah, Wade does get it: of course Spidey refuses him, who wouldn’t? Who didn’t? It’s clear the guy doesn’t reciprocate his feelings and Wade is actually surprised he accepted to share with him his secret identity in the first place (despite everybody else’s surprise and panic).The real pr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Secret Crush
Friends to Lovers
Humor
Sexual Content

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

