Chapter 1: Prologue: A history of broken wings
    




Chapter Text
“We’re sending you too school, the Phillip’s academy has a great boarding program, and should be able to facilitate your education adequately.” Howard says, and his hand comes down on Tony’s shoulder. The gesture is meant to be comforting, but Howard is drunk, and Tony barely manages to keep his balance under the weight. Tony nods, but his mind can’t help thinking about how eager his parents are to be rid of him. He’ll go, and hopefully he’ll make his father proud. He is a Stark, and Stark men are made of iron. Tony holds his white wings up proudly. He’s a Stark after all, and Stark men don’t cry.“Of course, Sir. I’ll make you proud.” Tony promises, it isn’t until later that he notices the patch of bent primaries at the edge of his left wing. Everyone knows your wings reflect the state of your soul, and at seven years old Tony’s wings are already broken. Tony’s soul is already damaged, still they’re beautiful. He will still hold them with pride.Five months’ pass, Tony left for school in September and now Winter break is coming up. He’ll get to see his parents again. It’s been almost four months since he saw them last, and he’s only spoken to them once since he arrived, Jarvis tends to handle the phone calls to check up on him.“Mr. Stark, there’s a phone call for you.” One of his teachers takes him to a phone, near the front desk. He’s excited, maybe this time mom will be there to talk to him. Last time she was in Jamaica with a friend, but she might be there this time. She isn’t, instead Jarvis is on the other end.“Hello Mr. Stark.” He greets, and Tony smiles anyways. He loves talking to Jarvis even if it’s not the same, and he’s excited to learn about their Christmas plans.“Hello Jarvis, how are you?” Tony asks, twirling the cord around his finger as he bounces on his heels. A stern look from the receptionist forces him to drop the cord, and settle down. She is not a fan of fidgeting, and he doesn’t want another detention.“I’m fine Sir. How are you?” Jarvis always asks how Tony is first, and then about his studies. It’s interesting, Tony thinks, that Jarvis cares more about him than his studies, but with Howard it’s the other way around.“I’m good Jarvis, my grades are great, everything’s okay here.” Tony says, what he doesn’t say, is that it’s lonely. “What are we doing for Christmas?” He asks, bouncing on his heels again.“Mr. Stark, I’m sorry, your parents will be flying out to New York over your Christmas break.” Jarvis admits, and Tony freezes. Heels hovering in the air.“The whole break?” He asks, his voice barely a whisper. He can feel his heart break, they really don’t want to see him.“I’m sorry Sir.” Jarvis whispers, “You can still celebrate with Anna and I.” Jarvis offers, and Tony forces a smile back on his face.“That sounds nice Jarvis. I look forward to it.” He lies. Stark men don’t cry, he chants the words like a reminder. Tony doesn’t realize he still expected them to be there until midnight on Christmas when he loses his first feather. He realizes at the age of Seven and a Half that he can’t trust people to be there for him. Because in the end, in the end, he’s still sitting on an old bed, clutching a brand-new Captain America doll to his chest as he loses his feathers. In the end he’s alone in the dark.In the next two years Tony throws himself into his studies. Subconsciously he knows it’s a desperate attempt to make Howard proud of him. He skips third grade, and then fifth. Howard only ever asks why he isn’t doing more? Why he lost one point here? Anything less than perfection isn’t good enough for a Stark.He’s ten years old, and moving into the middle school dormitories. This is where he meets Tiberius, a 12-year-old with glossy jet black wings, whose dad owns a European tech company a lot like Stark Industries. They’re roommates, and Tiberius is the only person who Tony ever takes his wings out around, his best friend.He’s closer to Tiberius than he is to Jarvis, trusts him with everything. They do homework together, and play games. Sure, Tiberius never wants to be seen with Tony outside of their room, but Tony understands. The other kids think he’s too young. Tiberius has a reputation to protect. For almost two years Tiberius is his best friend. Then one day, he over hears Tiberius talking.“Have any of you seen Starks wings?” Tiberius asks, and Tony can see him through the glass window on the classroom door, sneering. “There are patches of feathers missing, and his primaries are fucked up.” Tiberius laughs, and so do his friends. “God. What a freak.”“12 years old, and he’s already got an ugly soul.” Someone jeers, and Tiberius laughs like it’s the funniest thing he’s ever heart.“Stark men are made of Iron.” Tony whispers like a mantra, trying to keep himself from crying. The bell rings, and one of Ty’s friends shove him into the wall as they walk by. Tiberius just laughs as Tony blinks back tears.“I thought you liked me.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slow Burn
wing fic
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Eventual Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

