Chapter 1: A Rescue
    




Chapter Text

Cold hands grip tight at the small brown hairs at the back of Peter’s neck as his head is roughly yanked out of the water. A sharp inhale of breath sounds quickly, turning into an exhalation but was cut off by another dunk. Peter winced for the ice water. 
 
All he could feel was that cold, cold, cold surrounding him. His face was becoming numb, and he was unfocused. If he concentrated enough, he could feel sharp pains and aches throughout his body. The pressure on the back of his neck would not escape him. 
 
Sharp metal claws its way into his neck, and he’s slowly being hoisted out of the water. His lips part, greedily taking in air. 
 
As a child, Peter hated taking showers. If someone came in and murdered him while he was in there, his family him naked! Oh, and, he’d be dead. That, too. He never felt safe in there. 
 
Especially when he got shampoo in his eyes. Burning soap would leave him blinded for a short while, leaving him vulnerable to any murders in the nearby vicinity. 
 
Being waterboarded by Doctor Octopus left him with a similiar feelings. 
 
There’s a blindfold around his eyes, something drilled into his ears, a rough rope keeping his hands tied behind his back. He’s disoriented of all his senses, except for one: feeling. 
 
And what does he feel right now? Not good would be an understatement. 
 
He doesn’t know how long he’s been trapped down in Doctor Oct’s lab. Time has long ago been lost. After being locked into a room full of cockroaches and scorpions with his eyes blinded, after the many nights he’s gone through, drugged without any sleep, the garrote with its grip on him, after all that, he can’t remember how long it’s been. 
 
There is metal touching him now, bringing him out of his thoughts. He’s being dragged into a chair. His feet are bound to the legs, his hands still tied behind his back. The cold metal touches his face, tracing his features. 
 
Peter is trembling at his touch. He can’t see, but he knows the mad scientist is before him. He leans away as far as he can, but he has nowhere to go. 
 
The hands disappear. He sucks in a breath, waiting for whatever he has next up his sleeve. If he’s learned anything, it’s that he never stops. There’s never a break, not once. 
 
Peter screams. 
 
He can’t hear his voice, but he knows it’s going to come out muffled through the spiked gag in his mouth. 

Sharp tools are digging in under his fingernails. He wails, wiggling in his bonds. Tears, without a doubt, are streamed down his face. 
 
All of a sudden, they pull away, and Peter clenches his fists, hiding his nails in his palms. 
 
He waits, moments passing, waiting for the knives to return, for a syringe in his skin, for a slap, for a hit, for something that Peter won’t be able to stop thinking about at night. 
 
Then, there’s the cold again. It’s there again, touching him, absorbing him. The hands are ripping off his blindfold, and Peter grips his eyes shut even though Oct wouldn’t be able to see through his lenses. 
 
The cold hands are digging at his ears, and he’s sensitive to all the metal pressing against him. Something is pulled out of his ear, something sharp that dug its way deep and burrowed down. He let out a muffled cry. 
 
Footsteps, quiet, small, were in his ear. The sound of harsh metal hitting the floor made him quiver so much more. The sound was unwelcome, and Peter’s body rejected it. 
 
The cold was at his mouth now, pushing his lips apart. There was a spiked ball, digging into his gums, being slowly pulled out. Peter choked. 
 
The ball was slowly pulled out, leaving a mess of blood. The taste of copper made him gag. 
 
“--Ider-Man,” a voice said, and Peter repelled. 
 
He frantically shook his head. “N-N….N..No,” he rasped out, “P-P...Ple--” His voice cut off as a tremor of pain surged throughout his body. “Ple-ease!” 
 
Hands were tugging at the bottom of his mask, but Peter clung to it. His spider abilities were the only thing keeping his identity safe. 
 
It didn’t matter, though. Octavious had already found it out. Still, he couldn’t let himself lose his mask. He already lost enough. 
 
“Spidey,” a voice said, and Peter’s heart broke. 
 
He’s heard the voice as a young boy seated in front of a television, as a new superhero eagerly following each and every word he says as if it were sacred, as a child listening with respect to every move he makes. 
 
Tony Stark. 
 
“Spidey,” he said again. “Kid, what did he--”
 
The bounds are being cut up, Peter slowly being released from his prison. The rope falls, and Peter lets himself drop out of the chair to the floor. His shaky hands pull his mask up to his nose. A pool of blood, trapped under his mask, drips down in a waterfall. 
 
He’s surrounded by metal, and it still feels like Oct. “C-C..Cold,” he sputtered, pushing himself away from the cold wall. He can’t open his eyes. 
 
“It’s me, kid,” he says, somewhat awkwardly. “‘Mr. Stark,’” he mocks his fanboy voice, the one he a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
petey & everyone tbh

freeform: 
Feel-good
Hurt Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Torture
Family
Peter Parker Whump
Whump
Bullying
Domestic Avengers
Team as Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
petey & everyone tbh

