Work Text:
The mission didn’t go as planned and Steve decided to put himself in danger to achieve the files. While Steve was successful and the mission turned out to be a win, Bucky wasn’t too thrilled at the stunt he pulled. The ride back is rather tense between the three of you, Bucky had pulled you into his lap while ignoring Steve sitting next to us. 
When they land, Bucky pulls you by the hand towards the elevator before bringing his lips against your ear. “You did so well on this mission Babydoll. Go ahead and head up to our room and prepare for your reward, I have some business to take care of.”
“Yes Daddy” He kisses your forehead before leading you into the elevator and turning to head back to the quinjet. The last thing you see before the doors close is Steve looking downtrodden while Bucky is talking with a stern expression.
The preparation for your reward has been the same since this relationship started. You remove your all of clothes, laid in the center of the bed, and spread your legs while bending your knees. Bucky loves walking into the bedroom to see you so exposed for him, your vulnerability puts a fire in his loins to dominate you to your heart’s content.
You hear the apartment door open and close, two heavy sets of footsteps coming straight for the bedroom. You didn’t even notice you were holding your breath until you exhaled when the door was pushed open to reveal a blindfolded Steve followed by Bucky with a devious glint in his eyes. He puts his finger over mouth, signaling for you to stay quiet as he pushes Steve further into the room, closing the door behind them.
“Alright Stevie, after that little stunt you pulled on the field, I think you deserve a punishment. Don’t you agree?”
“Yes Bucky. I’m sorry.” Bucky pushed him to his knees at the end of the bed directly between your legs. Feeling his hot breath on your inner thigh makes you gasp quietly in anticipation. Bucky removes the blindfold and the slightly confused expression on Steve’s face turns to one full of lust as he stares directly at your core, already dripping with eagerness. “Now before we start your punishment, you’re going to help me give my Babygirl the reward she earned on this mission. I want you to lick her pretty little pussy and prep her for me. Do you understand?”
“Yes Bucky.” Steve wastes no time wrapping his arms around your thighs and bringing you directly to his mouth, licking a strip up your core. He wraps his lips around your clit and sucks lightly, causing you to writhe in pleasure. Steve squeezed your thighs harder, keeping you in place as he delved his tongue inside you. You let out a strangled moan and grab his hair, desperately trying to bring him closer to you and chase your own orgasm. You were so focused on the feeling of Steve’s tongue thrusting into you, you didn’t notice Bucky move to your side to watch your face contorting with pleasure. “You like that Babydoll? You like it when Stevie eats that beautiful pussy of yours. Mmmm… I can’t wait to give you that reward.”
Steve had worked you to the brink but Bucky removed your hand before moving Steve’s mouth off of you, leaving you to squirm and pant at the loss. “Please Daddy… It feels so good...” Bucky can’t help but chuckle watching you fall apart beneath them. “Patience Sweetheart patience. Stevie, I told you to prep her for me, not make her cum.” Steve pulls away from between your legs and look at Bucky. “I’m sorry Bucky, she just tastes so delicious.” You moaned at the statement, feeling yourself become even wetter. 
Bucky leans over to the nightstand, pulls out a bottle of lube and tossing it to Steve. “Open her up completely… Now!” Steve immediately squirted some lube on his fingers and rubbed them against your tight hole, adding pressure and slipping his middle finger in, then another. You can’t help but clench around his fingers, it’s been a while since you’ve been stretched like this. “Sweetheart you have to relax… I don’t want to hurt you.” Steve groans into your inner thigh before adding two more fingers to your soaked cunt and grazing over your g-spot, causing you to almost jump off the bed in surprise. Bucky puts his large hand over you lower stomach, keeping you in place for Steve to do his job.
“Unng! Stevie that feels so good! M-more please…” Your orgasm was building too quickly and intensely for you to wrap your mind around. Steve can feel your impending end and looks up at Bucky for guidance. He looks at your face as he feels you twitching under his hand before giving Steve the go ahead. He reattaches his lips to your clit, sucking and overstimulating your senses. You’re dying for release but Bucky hasn’t given you permission and you aren’t keen on losing your reward.
“Please Daddy! Please let me cum! I can’t take it anymore!” He kisses your forehead then speaks into your eye with his gravelly voice.
“You have my permission princess.” You feel the damn break and a gush of liquid from your pulsing pussy. “Oh God! Stevie fuck yes! Tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Shameless Smut
Dom/sub
Dom Bucky Barnes
sub Reader
Sub Steve Rogers
Daddy Kink
Orgasm Denial
Light Bondage
Multiple Orgasms
Female Ejaculation
Oral Sex
Choking
Double Penetration
Sex Toys
Punishment

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

