Work Text:
There’s only so much Dr. Abraham Erskine can take of Tony Stark, even in the working environment. Especially in the working environment. Working with Stark has been an interesting experience, on good days and bad days, but the good days are less likely to make Abraham tear his hair out at the roots.
Today is definitely a bad day, by all indicators. Abraham hadn’t expected that- it had started off well, with Tony sitting up from his workbench after falling asleep on it for four hours, and proceeding to wobble over to the coffee machine. He and Abraham had started the usual morning routine, jokes and amicable conversation about the prototypes they’re working on.
Then there had been a knock on the door, and Abraham had said something along the lines of, “Ah, sorry, my friend. It slipped my mind- I have found a new candidate for Project Rebirth.”
Tony had snorted. “Anyone’s better than the asshole Colonel Philips is trying to shove on us.” He had paused for a mouthful of coffee, and then waved the cup at the door. “Bring him in.”
Abraham had then been called away, seconds after opening the door and introducing the two men, who shook hands friendly enough.
When he had returned, Steve was gone and Tony had his goggles back on, shoved hard over his eyes, and was mumbling something about his new set of equations. His fingers were white around the soldiering iron.
“How’d it go,” Abraham asked, already knowing the answer by how Tony spat out curse words every few equations.
Tony hadn’t even looked up, and had told Abraham to ‘fuck the fuck off.’ Abraham had raised his eyebrows and settled down at his desk with his notes from yesterday, prepared for a long wait.
“So,” he says, after he’s finally reached his daily quota on Tony Stark’s deranged muttering. “What do you think of him?”
His workmate twitches, and Abraham is fully ready for another dose of ‘fuck the fuck off, Abraham, for the love of god, genius doesn’t happen with this many interruptions,’ but to his surprise, Tony lifts his head.
“We were screaming at each other before you had been gone five minutes.”
This… wasn’t unexpected, since Tony has barely slept this week, and Abraham has been waiting for him to go off. And now that he considers it, the two men do have the kind of personalities that would clash.
“What about?”
Tony throws up his hands. “I don’t- I don’t even know, the guy’s just infuriating. He took something the wrong way, and I might have been a bit snappish-”
“You might’ve,” Abraham nods.
Tony continues, raving like a lunatic, hair everywhere, engine grease even moreso. “I mentioned Carter and he started going off about why women should have rights, and he didn’t even let me get a word in edgewise so I could agree with him, and then one thing led to another. Things were said. Yelled. None of it was my fault, except possibly the part in the middle when I sort of insulted him repeatedly.”
He stops. His eyes have smudges underneath them from lack of sleep. “Infuriating,” he repeats, pointing a finger at Abraham. “And skinny as hell. Bet he couldn’t do a pushup if you paid him. No idea why you picked him, Abraham.”
Abraham breathes out hard through his nose. Everyone he’s ever met has called him a calm man, but months working with Stark would test a saint’s patience. “I picked him, Stark, because he is courageous, and kind, and stubborn, and most importantly, he is truly a good man.” He shrugs, twiddling his pencil between his fingers. “One would think you two would get along quite well, given those characteristics.”
Tony splutters for a few seconds before managing, “I’m stubborn, that is literally one of the four things you just said, what the hell.” He turns back to his project, probably just to give his hands something to do, and grabs a big chunk of metal. Abraham makes a note to suggest gloves to him more often.
“And he’s still infuriating,” Tony says down at the metal.
“Well, there’s another characteristic to match yours, Stark.”
Tony huffs, but doesn’t look up from his work.
 
 
 
Steve comes to apologize two days later.
Tony squints at him for a while before leaning against the doorframe. Through the door, Steve can see a skeleton of metal: there’s a gauntlet, a boot, a torso, all painted in red and gold. Steve wonders what the hell Stark is doing with it.
“What do you want?”
“I wanted to say sorry for the first impression I made,” Steve says, barely managing not to grit his teeth, making sure to look him in the eye. God, this man. He hasn’t met anyone who pushes him like Stark does, with such minimal effort. “I wanted to apologize. Dr Erskine says you’re a brilliant man.”
As do the papers. And the entire female population of Manhattan, excluding Peggy, who just arched a dry eyebrow when Steve brought him up.
“Dr Erskine isn’t wrong.”
This. Man. Jesus Christ.
“Anyway, I’m sorry,” Steve says quickly, and shoves his hand out at him.
Tony stares at it, then at Steve’s face, like someone would stare at a guy you’re sure is trying to ni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

