Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Bucky
 Bucky started his day like any other, he woke to his alarm at 5:00 am, got out of bed and walked down the hall to his little siblings room.Bucky was the oldest of five.Him who was 17, Rebecca 8, Jack 6, Julia 4, and the youngest, Luke who was one and a half.Bucky had his own room, a very small room but it was all his. His sisters Becca and Julia shared the room across from him, and Jack and Luke were in the room next to his. His mother lived at the end of the hall and only left to go to the bathroom or the kitchen.She's been fired so many times that she's just stopped trying. His father hasn't stopped by in over a month and he isn't expecting him any time soon.But someone has to take care of the kids, and pay the bills, and buy food. So Bucky works, two jobs in fact.A cashier at the grocery store on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. A bookstore on Tuesdays, Wednesdays after his other job, and Saturdays.He also babysits their neighbor Sydney's daughter Kennedy who's 8 months old, almost every night. in return Sydney would watch the two youngest kids in the day, she worked night shifts as a nurse.As Bucky made his way into the boy's room he heard crying. Luke was awake.He pushed the door open to find the baby standing up in his crib with his arms raised ready to be held. Jack was lying in his bed smiling as Bucky came into their room."Hey little man, are you ready to get up?" Bucky asked Luke, who only started to cry more.Bucky picked up the baby cradling him to his chest, Luke instantly calmed, being soothed by the omegas sent."Jackie do you want something to eat?" He asked looking over to the 6 year old. Jack nodded and got out of bed to hug Bucky's legs smiling up at him. Bucky grabbed his hand and led them to the girl's room.He knocked before opening the door. Becca was already awake and dressed, wearing a purple shirt with a bee on it. Julia was still in bed, mouth open and drool running down her chin.Bucky walked over to her and bent down with Luke on his hip, he rubbed her shoulder. "Hey sweet girl, it's time to get up. Don't want Jack to eat all the pancakes do you?" She slowly opened her eyes, smiling as she saw Bucky.He wiped her mouth with the sheet. Picking her up on his other hip, he led them all down stairs to the living room.He set Julia on the couch and Luke in his playpen, Becca turned on cartoons, her and Jack joined Julia on the couch. Bucky made his way into the kitchen to make breakfast, and coffee for himself.After everything was prepared he called the kids into the dining room to eat.He made a plate for his mom and took it upstairs, knocking on her door. He heard a quite come in, so he did. His mom was sitting up in bed, watching the tv in her room. ""Breakfast mom." He said handing her the plate and fork.She said a quick thank you and returned her attention to the tv. "Do you have any plans today?" He asked hesitantly. She looked at him and sighed. "No James, why do you ask?" She hated being asked these kinds of things."It's just that, uhm, the diner down the road, paddy's diner is hiring. And I thought that maybe you could check that out." He said, looking at the floor. She sighed again."James, you know I hate waitressing. I just can't deal with people like that, they can be so rude. And besides wear doing fine." She dismissed him, looking back to the tv and continued eating."It's just, it would really help me out mom." She looked back at him with a sharp look."I have worked hard my whole life, James. Ever since I was 15, I had you when I was only 16 years old. Now that you're old enough for a job I think I deserve a little break." She turned back to the tv, and he knew he was getting nothing else out of her.He left her room.He needed to get dressed, choosing a worn black long sleeve, torn black pants and his old beaten up converse. He left his hair down to block his face.After washing his face and brushing his teeth he made his way downstairs.The kids were finished eating and had gone back to the living room. He turned the tv off and faced the children."Okay guys time to get ready, Jack go get dressed for school then brush your teeth. Julesy lets go get you ready. Becks can you watch Luke?" He asked as he picked up Julia, Rebecca nodded walking over to entertain the baby.He brought Julia upstairs to get her dressed, she was being clingy today and wouldn't let go of his neck. Holding on tight so he wouldn't put her down, it was making this very challenging."Julesy, I have to put you down so you can get dressed." She pouted but listened.He picked out some warm clothes for her, seeing as the autumn air was quite cold right now. As soon as he finished she leached on to him again."Please don't go. I miss you all day. Why do you have to go?" She asked, her eyes brimming with tears. "I have to baby girl, I've got school and then work. But when I get home I promise we will cuddle lots, okay?" He asked giving her kisses all over her cheeks, making her giggle 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner & James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Mpreg
Teen Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
bucky works hard to care for his family
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
but there's no serum he's just a big strong alpha by nature
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Bucky's long hair
Poor Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Morning Sickness
Bucky's short hair
Birth
Male Lactation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner & James "Bucky" Barnes

