Work Text:
~Clint sees them, the puppies, the ducklings – Phil’s new motley crew of misfit baby agents – standing silent vigil outside of Phil’s hospital room. He’s feeling old enough these days (and incredibly bitter at the moment) that he feels perfectly justified calling them babies.He looks into the retinal security scan and the double hospital doors automatically open ahead of him.The team seems to collectively inhale when they become aware of Clint walking toward them, casting sideways glances in his direction, looking-but-not-looking, while trying to maintain the professional indifference expected of SHIELD agents. May succeeds. The new girl, Skye, utterly fails.They all look haggard and concerned. Ward and May are particularly rough, matted hair, bruised cheeks and knuckles.Skye though, gawks at Clint, wide-eyed and not the least bit subtle, but she’s not the one who breaks first.“Is that? That’s Hawkeye, yeah?” Fitz says, not even whispering. Clint knows him from Phil’s description.“I thought he’d be taller,” Simmons says.“That is totally Hawkeye,” Skye confirms in an excited mutter before squeaking out an even quieter, “oh my god!” Clint’s experienced a few reactions like that on the street since New York, but it feels out of place inside a secure SHIELD facility.He continues walking toward them but doesn’t acknowledge that he can hear them. He’s read all their files, did so as Phil selected them, but Clint really knows them best from Phil’s stories. Emails, and late night phone calls and official mission reports. He wants to like them, to see in them what Phil does, but Phil always sees the best in people and right now Clint is scared. It’s the kind of scared that makes him pissed off and unpleasant to be around.Agent Ward leans low to Melinda. “Were the Avengers assembled because of us?” he asks.“Agent Barton isn’t here as an Avenger,” she says, not even trying to keep her voice low as Clint takes up a position next to her, facing the closed door of Phil’s treatment room.“Barton,” she says.“May.”The only reason he’s not barging right into Phil’s room is because he’s required to keep his distance and not ask too many details about Phil’s health and medical situation. He’d been willing to accept any and every condition that allowed him access to Phil after the Battle of New York, even his spousal right to ask questions.There’s a quiet beat of building tension among Phil’s little team, Clint can feel the curiosity and guilt coming off them in waves, so he turns towards them, looking them each in the eye.“We got him back,” May says. “And he’s not hurt. Much.” While her face gives nothing away, her voice is defensive. Clint is too grumpy to alleviate that for her just now.“That’s just great,” he replies, addressing the whole group. “What’s even better is not letting your team leader get taken hostage in the first place.” He was aiming for cool but his voice rose at the end against his will.May purses her lips but her expression holds.Ward shifts, he’s tall and broad and is surely used to using his physicality to its every advantage.“Look, uh, sir? You don’t know what--” he starts, but Clint faces him directly, takes a small step forward and Ward goes silent. Clint’s not a tall guy but as he runs with Thor, Cap and occasionally The Hulk; he’s really not much influenced by the size of a person.“Agent Grant Ward,” Clint says slowly, pinning him with the statement of his name, looking him hard in the eye. Ward caves in the chest just a little, his mouth twitches with a startled smile, which he represses with effort, and his hand flaps a little as he stutters “Y-you know who I am?”Clint remembers again that he’s a pseudo-celebrity as an Avenger now, even among SHIELD agents. He’d expected an agent of Ward’s clearance to be made of sterner stuff but then with his specialty he’d be aware of the sharpshooting legacy Clint has left in SHIELD’s record books. In any other situation, seeing Ward get all overcome might be kind of flattering, almost adorable like Phil’s breathless fluster over Steve, but this isn’t that kind of situation. Clint’s toting a furious rage at the moment and mainly feels like burning everything to the ground.“Yeah, I know who you are,” Clint says. “And don’t ever imply that I don’t know how important it is to not be taken in the first place.”His eyes go big. “I – no, sir, I only mean…” Ward’s Level 7 and knows exactly what happened to Clint at the hands of Loki. “It’s just that, we did get him back.” He pauses his mouth open for a moment and, apparently finding nothing else to say, closes it.Skye looks startled at seeing Ward go speechless and when Clint looks at the garment bag she’s holding, she takes a step backwards, clutching the bag close to her chest.“It’s Coulson’s,” she says. “I thought he might need a change of clothes so I...” She honestly looks like she’s going to keel over from the stress of it all but the way she’s willing to protect Phil’s suit against an unknown Avenger i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Established Relationship
grumpy barton
medicated phil
SHIELD Husbands

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

