Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Please note that some characters will only be tagged after they are identified to avoid spoilers and make this a fun ride. All warnings listed above apply.

 
***
***
 

NOW

 
It was like the air had been sucked out of the room, everyone stunned in the face of something that had never happened before. The Emergency Room of the Manhattan General Hospital was quiet for once, eerily so, everyone's attention on the anomaly that stood out among the doctors, nurses, patients and their families.
Iron Man, an Avenger, had stumbled inside the Emergency Room just a moment ago, his suit gleaming wet from the rain in the harsh neon-lights. In his arms, he was holding the teenager New York – and the world – had come to identify as the 'Queens Orphan'. It looked as if he was sleeping, cradled securely in Iron Man's grip like a child.
But there was too much blood for that to be the case. It was soaking the front of the teenager's blue t-shirt, coloring it a dark red. Bruises stood out on his slack and pale face. One of his hands hung down limply at an odd angle.
Somewhere, the camera of a cellphone clicked softly, easily heard in the silence.
”I need help,” Iron Man said, the mechanical voice only carrying because it was so quiet. His helmet slid open to reveal Tony Stark's face, pale and desperate. ”Help me.” His voice broke when he added, ”Please. He's dying.”
***
 

BEFORE

 

“Don't ignore me when I'm talking to you, Stark.”

The bruise looked worse in the bright lights of Peter's bathroom; a dark shadow marking his cheek and going up to circle around his eye.
There was no way Pepper wouldn't notice.
He sighed and grabbed one of the towels, soaking it with cold water.

“You're nothing but a good story, Queens.”

Peter pressed the towel against his eye, dabbing at the small cut near his brow to clean the blood away. He switched off the lights as he returned to the large guest bedroom that had become his own a few weeks ago. The queen-sized bed had been made while he'd been at school, the mess of books and papers scattered on the desk by the panorama window was now stacked neatly, the doors to the wardrobe in the corner he'd left open this morning were closed and his laptop had been cleared from the carpet to sit on the bed.
The whole room had a clean, tidy atmosphere to it that had been sorely lacking just a few hours earlier. It looked almost sterile now with the white walls and the dark carpet and designer furniture, even more so because Peter hadn't brought much when he'd moved in, his few belongings barely able to fill the bookshelf and wardrobe. The Star Wars poster near the door looked a little lost compared to the large picture of New York in black and white above the bed.
Peter stood there for a moment, missing the cramped and cluttered room in his and May's apartment, with the second-hand furniture and the memories. With May just down the hallway. She would have scolded him for leaving his room a mess this morning and he felt guilty for a moment, also for leaving the dishes in the kitchen sink. 
He knew Tony's maid Felicia would never complain; Tony paid her more than enough for cleaning the penthouse. Still ... it felt like he was giving her work that was unnecessary. Peter was used to doing chores, he'd had a list of small tasks while he'd been living with Ben and May. However, since he'd come to live with Tony, the topic hadn't come up. Since Felicia came in every day and left the penthouse spotless, Peter doubted that it ever would. Tony wasn't the type to worry about household chores.
Pulling his laptop closer with one hand while still pressing the cold towel against his black eye, Peter settled against the headboard of the bed. The battered computer responded sluggishly when he switched it on and Peter closed his eyes to try and relax while it booted up.

“You're just lucky that your parents offed themselves when Tony Stark needed a new hobby.”

Mike Sullivan's words had hit closer to home than Peter had wanted him to know. Not because his words had cut into the few memories Peter had of his parents but because they'd brought back the much fresher grief he felt for his aunt and uncle. Peter had been five years old when Ben and May had sat him down and told him that his parents would not come to pick him up, that there had been a horrible accident … it had all been so long ago that he would barely remember what they looked like if it weren't for the pictures he had stowed away in the desk drawer. May and Ben had taken their places so completely that they were the ones he automatically thought of when asked about his family.
It wasn't just because he'd been so young when they'd taken him in. Even before his parents had died, he'd spent a lot of his childhood in May and Ben's apartment. Ben often groused about responsibilities and priorities when talk turned to Peter's parents and he'd only later come to realize what it had meant: that Ben didn't approve of Peter's parents feeli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Implied/Referenced Torture
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Grief/Mourning
Bullying
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt/Comfort
Adoption
Violence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

