Chapter 1: Yondu
    




Chapter Text
He should’ve died, but by some goddamn cosmic irony, he doesn’t.Instead, Yondu wakes up to the hideous sight of Peter’s splotchy red face bent over him, snot and tears dribbling down his chin in copious amounts. His boy is rocking to and fro, one hot hand cradling Yondu’s numb cheek, whispering something Yondu can’t hear past the loud ringing noise in his ear.“…what the...hell, boy...” He summons all the remaining energy left and swats irritably at Peter’s stupid face with his left hand, but it ends up catching in Peter’s collar and his idiot kid flinches so hard he almost head-butts Yondu back into oblivion, which in hind sight would’ve been the preferred option.“Oh my god, I’ve got you, Yondu. You’re going to be ok,” Peter catches Yondu’s hand tightly in his, and to Ravager captain's fascinated horror, lifts their entwined fingers to his tear-covered cheek and says in a nauseatingly sappy voice, “we’re both going to be ok.”Before Yondu can reach for his Yaka arrow, Peter presses a loud wet kiss to the top of his head and turns to the faces swimming unsteadily at the edge of Yondu’s flickering vision and says, “My dad’s alive!”The words are greeted with a deafening cheer, and one face floats into focus above them. Yondu blinks blearily at Stakar’s smirk.“Ya' done did good, old friend,” Ogord says.Peter, still red and sweaty in the face but beaming like the first time Yondu complimented him on his aim all those years ago, pulls the injured Ravager captain close to his chest and whispers, “Get some rest. Everything’s going to be alright.”Yondu shuts his eyes and does just that. 
 For his valor and sacrifice, Stakar welcomes Yondu back to the Ravager clan with open arms. It doesn’t feel right. The surreal situation makes him feel uneasy, like its something out of a sick dream, give him what he craves at the bottom of his heart only to rip it away when he least expects it. Yondu accepts Ogord's invitation, but decides to put off meeting with the rest of his old team for as long as possible. He needs to think things over and scrape together a team of misfits again, preferably one he doesn’t have to burn and kill within two weeks.The thing with Peter, Yondu decides, is a strange fluke, something his severely oxygen-deprived brain hallucinated, because the dumbass kid would never in a million years call Yondu his father, and never to a roomful of Ravagers and his space friends.Except-“Looks like you’re finally up and about,” Peter says cheerfully when Yondu shaves off the week-old fuzz growing on the lower part of his face and pulls his Ravager overcoat back on after being unwillingly subjected to a week’s bedrest.“You heading out?” Peter asks, feigning casual conversation. Yondu grunts and jerks his collar up.“Overheard Krags telling Gamora y’all are going out to recruit folks,” The boy persists. “Mind if I tag along?”The question makes Yondu laugh. The sound echoes, cracked and wheezy, in the small washroom. He wipes his hands clean and says, “since when do you ask to come along with me, boy? Last I recall, you couldn’t get far enough. Whatsshat you used to say, whole galaxy ain’t big enough to put between you and me?”“I was a kid, didn’t mean none of the shit I said,” Quill’s voice cracks a little and Yondu straightens, sharp eyes catching sight of Peter’s somewhat red-rimmed ones through the reflection in the grimy cracked mirror. Yondu crosses over to him in two long strides, grabs the stupid kid by the ear and twists hard, watching with grim satisfaction the moisture seep out of his eyes for a whole different reason. “Owww, what the hell, Yondu? Let go!”“What’d I say, boy? Huh?” He shakes Peter like a dog, bares his crooked teeth in Peter’s face and spits out, “Ravagers don’t cry like babies.”“Ok, ok, I get it, you grumpy old fart.” Peter’s annoyed voice still sounds too affectionate for Yondu’s liking, but Kraglin takes that moment to appear at the door, grinning and practically bouncing with excitement.“Ready to head out, Capt'n?” He asks, putting a heavy emphasis on the word.Yondu rolls his eyes, valiantly ignores the kicked-puppy expression on his grown-ass kid’s face, and shoves roughly past his first-mate. At least Peter doesn’t try to call him “dad” again. Yondu might just barf if he hears it one more time, imagination or not. 
 Things get weird again in a bar on Knowhere.Peter had insisted someone other than Kraglin tag along with him when Yondu put his foot down and flat out refused to let Peter go, so the green one and her blue-skinned sister came instead. He forgets about their presence after two drinks.Yondu doesn’t know if word had gotten out about him joining Ogord’s lot again, but the recruitment process has gone strangely smoothly. He’s rounded up a group of eager men, not too bright by the looks of it, but Kraglin agrees this lot'll have to do for now. Yondu’s got a lot of shit to fix and steal before they can get back to their old status and he won’t b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill & Yondu Udonta
Peter Quill & Guardians of the Galaxy Team

freeform: 
Peter's Daddy Issues
Team as Family
Fix-It
GotG Vol.2 Spoilers
Whole team looks out for Papa Yondu
Fluff and Angst
Humor
Peter worries alot
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Quill & Yondu Udonta
Peter Quill & Guardians of the Galaxy Team

