Work Text:
When Steve found his old friend he was expecting when he brought him home that Bucky would recover and it would be like the old days. He didn’t take into account that the Winter Soldier wasn’t just a programming. He was a whole personality living within his old friend.
Winter was displeased to find that his other half had let his target drag him to a place he wasn’t familiar with. He recognized the Black Widow and the winged man he’d heard was called Sam. He didn’t like these people and he didn’t want to be anywhere near them. He was told there were others normally in the tower. Bruce Banner was not currently present and Hawkeye was on a mission. Steve spoke about Tony Stark not realizing he was talking to Winter who was considering stabbing him and leaving.
These thoughts ended as he saw a shorter man with a goatee enter the room. Winter knew his other half was friends with the blonde idiot next to him and that the man had once been much shorter. Now he was bigger and would do anything including die for the friend that now shared a body with Winter. He looked to the shorter man and thought maybe this could be his small person. Then when he grew up he’d do whatever it took to protect Winter. He wanted that because he didn’t like Bucky’s former small person.
“Hey Tony this is Bucky.”
Tony glanced up from his tablet to look at Winter.
“You sure? He’s kind of got a murder stare going on and I’m pretty sure this is the soldier. Whatever, nice to meet you.”
Winter felt happy knowing his small person could tell the difference between him and Bucky. Steve having been pointed out that he wasn’t Bucky looked at him with concern. Winter ignored him and walked over to Tony. The genius looked up at him just as Winter petted him with his metal hand.
“Um…hello. There a reason you’re petting me? Is this a weird assassin greeting? Clearly I’ve been greeting Natasha wrong, no wonder she looks ready to kill me all the time.”
Tony reached up and pet Winter which made him happy. He thought of Bucky’s and Steve’s thing of til the end of the line. Winter didn’t like talking much so he and his small person will have the silent thing between them. When his small person turned away again Winter let him leave. He would protect his small person just like Bucky had protected his small person and when his small person got big he’d protect him and fight alongside him.
Winter had it all planned out. He just didn’t count on how many times his small person would almost blow himself up or what poor care he took of himself. Steve didn’t notice that Winter was in control most times but Natasha seemed to. He would go to the workshop with his small person and would just watch over him. Each time he greeted him silently and would get the same pet on the head that he gave his small person.
When it became clear how long his small person spent in the workshop he took to bringing him food and drinks to keep his small person healthy. Tony would look at him confused before he smiled and petted him. Winter liked his small person.
When Steve would try to drag them up for team bonding like movies or dinner Winter would look at his small person and give a silent plea of tugging on the inventor’s sleeve. Tony sometimes would comply but other times he refused and Winter would let Bucky go be with his friend. Bucky seemed to understand Winter had claimed Tony as his small person but if anyone asked he didn’t say anything about it. Winter knew Bucky didn’t like him but seeing as he had become fond of Tony Bucky allowed Winter control without much fight. In return Winter gave up control if Bucky’s former small person was pushing for bonding time.
They co-existed well enough and Tony seemed to accept Winter’s claim on him. That was until Clint made a comment about Winter claiming a small person for himself. Winter had claimed Tony but he saw how his small person tensed and walked away without a word.
He tried to go after his small person but Tony had put the workshop on lockdown and refused to let him in. Tony had never refused him access before. He sat there waiting for hours but Tony didn’t let him in. He tried to bring food and coffee but still the doors didn’t open. Steve tried to pull him away but he refused to move or give Bucky control. Four days later Winter decided this was Clint’s fault.
He finally moved from the workshop entrance and went after the archer. Steve was on him the moment he landed on the archer with a knife drawn.
“Bucky stop!”
Winter wasn’t Bucky but Steve never saw that. He just thought Winter was a programmed state. It pissed him off that Steve ignored he was a person but right now he was more pissed off at the archer. He wasn’t going to kill him, just make sure he knew not to upset his small person again.
“Winter stop.” Tony said sounding exhausted.
Winter looked up hopeful but when he tried to go to his small person Tony held up his hand to stop him.
“I don’t know if you and Bucky talk or whatever but I won’t be your Steve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
bucky ships it
Winter Soldier feels
protective winter soldier
Adorable Winter Soldier

fandom: 
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

