Chapter 1: Hold My Beer
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Are you sure about this thing, Stark?” Steve asked as he eyed the machine nervously.“As sure as I am of anything involving ripping the time-space continuum apart, sure,” Tony replied flippantly. He glanced up at Steve as he fiddled with the machine and seemed to calm for a moment when he saw the real apprehension in Steve’s expression. He stood up so fast that his spine was probably the straightest thing in the room and he met Steve’s eyes. “It’ll either take you to him, or it won’t do anything at all. No harm done.”Steve nodded, taking a deep breath and crouching down on the metal plate Tony insisted would send him anywhere in the world. He didn’t know where Bucky was, or even how Bucky was, and he didn’t know what he’d be appearing in the middle of. It was best to be ready for a fight. “Okay. Let’s do this.”“Okay. Mind on the prize, Cap. Here we go.”Steve squeezed his eyes closed and thought about Bucky, thought about his smile, the way his eyes danced when he was singing around a campfire, the look of utter focus on his face when he stared down the scope of a rifle. That blue coat. He nodded without opening his eyes.And the world around him screamed.When silence settled over him once more, he glanced up, eyes darting around. The machine had done something, because the furniture in the Tower was in disarray and it seemed that the whole team had ducked for cover. Tony had even called his Iron Man suit. Some of it, anyway. Yeah, the machine had done something, alright, it looked like it had blown up while covering Steve in enough glitter for a week’s supply at that strip joint Tony had taken Steve to last year.Steve grunted and stood, his shoulders slumping. There was more sparkly whatever it was on his chest and he brushed it away. “Dammit, Tony!” he snarled, glancing at Tony and gritting his teeth. “I’m still in the Tower, I told you this wouldn’t work.”Tony popped the Iron Man faceplate up and blinked at Steve. “Uh.”His goatee looked different. And his shirt? Steve scowled and pointed at him. “Did you change?”Tony huffed indignantly. “Did you?”==Steve could now call himself a universal traveler, for what that was worth. He could tell the Steve of this universe wasn’t entirely pleased with his presence, but it wasn’t like Steve could just pack his bags and go on home. The machine had been a one-way trip, because they’d assumed Steve would get home by, you know, an airplane or something. But no, Delta couldn’t take his experimental ass home, so Other Steve was just grinning and bearing it right along with Steve.And Bucky . . .Steve had taken to calling this universe’s Bucky just ‘Buck’, because it was easier than letting this man become conflated with Original Recipe Bucky in his head. It would have been far too easy, to think of them as one and the same. And Steve’s feelings did not deserve that much torture.Because Not His Bucky was sweet, and kind, and he showed the same protectiveness and care for Steve that Steve had grown up alongside and Steve missed his friend so damn much. This alternate world had been . . . well, it had been a bit of a Godsend. The Bucky of this world was what Steve imagined his old friend could have been, if Fate hadn’t had other plans. The Bucky of this world was something Steve prayed his own Bucky could become, if Steve could find him. Just the fact that he’d managed to avoid all of the Avengers’ efforts to find him told Steve that Bucky was absolutely sound of mind. It was just a matter of tracking his evasive ass down.He couldn’t do that until they figured out how to send him home, though, so Steve’s eyes followed this world’s Bucky whether he meant for them to or not. Over the course of his visit, Steve found the words, “Do you remember?” on his tongue so many times as he stared at the man’s eyes.But Buck didn’t remember, couldn’t, because he’d never been there. And Steve’s heart ached for home.As the days drew on with no way home, though, Buck’s arm thrown around Steve’s shoulders to squeeze him as they laughed, and the pure understanding and empathy in the man’s familiar eyes began to have a placebo effect. The ache that had settled in Steve’s heart the moment he’d watched Bucky fall into a snow-filled abyss began to fade.Something grew in its place, something it took Steve a few days to realize was hope.When the time finally came for Steve to head back to his universe, Steve thanked both Buck and Other Steve for that; for giving him hope again. He would find his Bucky, and he would tell him that he loved him, no matter what. He had that promise to keep.He also had the image of Bucky on his back with his legs wrapped around Other Steve’s hips to take home, so there was that.He said his goodbyes, Polaroids of his time there in his utility belt more precious than gold as he rubbed his fingers on the button Other Stark had told him to press when he was ready
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes and Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes and Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
listen pal
I swear to God this is not crack
Avengers AU
I guess? idfk
BAMF Bucky Barnes
multiverse trope
alternate dimension trope
Time travel trope
abusing alliteration
abusing tropes again lbr
abusing our favorite characters
abusing the tagging system?
modern Bucky Barnes is a salty cupcake but AlternaBucky is scary af
AlternaBucky does not consider himself AlternaBucky fuck you
a bucky's job in every universe is to save a steve from his own mind
unless you're in a universe where the bucky is evil then you're fucked stevie haha
the avengers need adult supervision
World War II
thiiis is not the history you are looking for
good guy Brock Rumlow
Evil Steve Rogers
maintaining friendships can be murder
shattering the fourth wall.....literally
Real people
Duct Tape
duct tape being used on real people
you don't say the Z word in a story about zombies
double the bartons double the bruises
Evil Bucky Barnes
Evil Clint Barton
god help me
no zombies were created in the harming of this story
a Henley that is relevant to the plot
literally getting the shaft
unsanctioned using of their words to avoid angst
this town ain't big enough for the both of us pal
tony stark in physical pain over not saying buckaroo out loud

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes and Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes and Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

