Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was cold. Shivering cold. Bucky tightened his arms around his knees. The fact that his body was bare didn’t help at all. He wished that the slaves were at least provided tunics for some protection against the winter air. The steel bars on his cage looked rusty, and he briefly wondered if he had the strength to bend them. Most likely not. What would it really accomplish anyway?His collar was itchier than usual today. And that was supremely annoying. The cages around him rattled with slaves who seemed to have more energy than him. That was fine. That meant that the guards wouldn't pay him any mind, having their lot full with the troublemakers.The old man that managed this particular slaving hold, Niles, had informed him last night that he would be visited by prospective buyers. He hadn’t had one in months, but he was still young enough and good looking enough to be kept around. No one paid attention to him though. The new trend, apparently, was to have a slave that was challenging. Someone who fought back. Niles had said that “breaking a slave” became a favorite pastime for free-men and free-women. It’s what everyone did, supposedly. He even told Bucky that if the trend was popular 5 years back, then Bucky would have surely been sold. But Bucky had become as obedient as ever and thus his popularity with buyers decreased.Niles was always nice enough. Considering the circumstances, at least. Bucky would still get whipped once a week just for the purposes being kept in his place, but still. Niles rarely yelled at him, or had to beat him outside of the standard. Niles even sought Bucky’s company sometimes, and allowed him to kneel near the fireplace in his office for at least 30 minutes on days that he felt particularly lonesome. Bucky never understood that though. Niles had freedom, and could go to bars and parties if he wanted to meet someone or have company. But then again, Bucky never questioned those rare days he’d get exposure to heat.Bucky heard boots approach his cage and peeked up through his eyelashes.“C’mere boy,” Niles said softly.Bucky obediently crawled over the short distance across the cage, and leaned against the bar hoping for some gentle contact. Niles, knowing the boy perfectly well, obliged by petting him through the metal.Any other slave would have tried to bite off the intrusive fingers, but Bucky merely mewled at the contact. Obedient as ever.“Good boy. Your buyers are here. They’re quite important. Continue being this good, and you’ll get a new home,” Niles said looking at his watch. “Though I’d hate to see you go.” He added wistfully.Niles got up and went out the door he came through earlier. Bucky slumped down and took a deep breath. Being bought could possibly be better than life here. It could mean much more food and shelter, if the owners cared enough.“Right this way, gentlemen,” He heard Niles say just outside the door.Bucky turned his head and looked up to see who was interested in purchasing him. There were two guys. One was a tall, blond man with a wide set frame and piercing blue eyes. He looked like he could eat Bucky whole if he wanted to. The other man had a slighter frame, but was still much bigger that Bucky. His brown hair looked near impeccable, and he had finely groomed facial hair. They were both handsome, and they both exuded power.Naturally, Bucky crawled back into his favorite corner. Being bought by these men suddenly seemed scary.“Bucky, you best behave and get out of that corner this instant. What did I tell you?” Niles’ voice was fiery.Bucky whimpered weakly and hid his head in his knees.“I’m sorry for his horrendous behavior. Believe it or not, he is the most obedient one we have, as you requested in the paperwork. I think he’s just scared,” Niles told the two gentlemen.“Mind if I give it a shot?” The blond man asked.Niles gestured him forward toward the cage, and the blond man knelt down.“Hello. Bucky is it? My name’s Steve. And this,” Steve said, grabbing his companion’s hand, “is my husband Tony. Don’t be frightened sweetheart. If you’re as good a boy as Niles was telling us, there’s no reason to hurt you in the slightest. We wanted a nice obedient little one like you. Come here and let us get a better look at you.”Bucky lifted his head and looked at the two earnest faces looking back at him. He turned his head to Niles, who gestured him to go toward the two men. Bucky crawled over carefully and eventually made it back to the bars.Steve reached his hand through, and traced his finger along Bucky’s jaw. Tony also reached his hand through to pet him, much like Niles did earlier. Bucky leaned into the kind touches and closed his eyes, causing the couple to smile.“He craves gentle and sweet, doesn’t he? Definitely doesn’t need broken,” Tony spoke up.“Undeniably a charming little boy. And he’s 16 years old, correct?” Steve asked Niles, continuing his ministrations
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Grant Ward
Clint Barton/Grant Ward
Phil Coulson/Grant Ward
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Cock Cages
Dirty Talk
Spanking
Rough Sex
Abuse
Dom/sub
Starvation (not Bucky)
Whipping
Frottage
Dubious Consent
Fluff and Angst
Cock Rings
Mentions of Edgeplay
Twisted
OOC everyone
Human AU
Subspace
Branding
Collars
Dark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Grant Ward
Clint Barton/Grant Ward
Phil Coulson/Grant Ward
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

