Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was dark under his crib. That was where Tony was hiding from his Daddy. Why? It was bath time and, unlike Bucky, Tony was not a big fan of getting wet. That made bath time a nightmare for Steve. After searching the whole tower, a few laughs led him into the Bucky and Tony's nursery. "Tony, let's go. It's bath time." Steve said tiredly as he looked under the crib for his baby. "No Daddy!" Steve sighed. "Baby, please. We do this every night.""No!" Tony's favorite word. "Please, I will be quick and Bucky is waiting to play with you before bedtime." "No!" Oh, God help Steve. "Maybe you don't want to go play with Bucky..." Steve said as he got up and walked towards the door.Tony, hearing the words of his daddy quickly came out from underneath his crib.    Steve caught him and picked him up. Tony just hid his face in Steve's neck. "Daddy, wait I'll take a bath!" Tony cried frantically, fists rubbing at his eyes. "Hey, do not cry Baby, it's all good. I know you want to play with Bucky. I'll bathe you quickly and you can go play with him. He's waiting for you in the living room." Steve always bathed Tony and Bucky separately, it was easier. While Tony was hiding he quickly bathed Bucky and then went to look for his other baby.Steve led Tony to the bathroom where he quickly stripped him of his clothes, leaving him alone in his diaper while he prepared the tub. When it was at a good temperature he removed Tony's diaper and placed him inside. He put some toys in the tub, hopefully so Tony could get distracted. Steve started first with his hair while Tony was hypnotized by a yellow duck that made noises when squeezed. He scrubbed soap all over his baby's body, leaving it clean and free of dirt."Daddy wook!" Said a happy Tony, squeezing his toy so it quack. "Yeah, I see Baby. A cute duck." Tony just giggled and continued playing, splashing it in the water. Steve finished bathing Tony and wrapped him in a light blue towel, taking him to the nursery. There he changed him, first dressing him in his diaper and pajamas, then putting a pacifier into Tony's lips. He started sucking happily, smiling at the comfort. Steve held him in his arms and took him to the living room where Bucky was patiently waiting for them."Let's play with your brother, Sweetheart." said Steve encouragingly. Tony just giggled, happy he was going to see his Bucky.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bucky Bear & Steve Rogers
Thor/Loki (mentions)

freeform: 
Baby Tony
baby bucky
Non-Sexual Age Play
Infantilism
Daddy Steve
Daddy Phil
toddler Clint
Diapers
baths
Pullups
bottles
cries
Wetting
Accidents
Pacifiers
Cuddling
Thumb-sucking
Little!Tony
Little!Bucky - Freeform
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky needs a hug
Spanking
Little!Loki
Daddy Thor
Crying Tony Stark
Crying James "Bucky"
Nickcnames
Tickling
Avengers Family
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Thor
Protective Phil Coulson
little brother Tony
big brother Bucky
Cribs

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bucky Bear & Steve Rogers
Thor/Loki (mentions)

