Chapter 1: Chapter one
    




Chapter Text
"It's a most delicate situation, sire."
"I am aware," Loki said with barely hidden impatience. It took time to establish trust in his ability to rule, but some of the people he surrounded himself with seemed to expect him to fail at even the most rudimentary of tasks. 
"They may be a small and distant realm, but their proximity to..."
"As already stated, I am very well aware of their significance. Do you have anything useful to contribute?"
The councillor stepped back nervously. Loki resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He was certain Odin never had had to put up with such bottom-of-the-barrel resources as this.
Another spoke up:
"Their traditions are very old, as we are all aware, and deeply ingrained in their societal structure. To deny such a gift would appear to them as confusing, at best."
"And at worst, deeply offensive," Loki pondered. "That is also the most likely reaction." He rubbed his lip absently while thinking. "I don't see much of  a drawback in simply accepting, however."
"Sire!" The first councillor sounded shocked beyond belief and Loki gave him a stern glance. The man looked like he was about to be sick right where he stood.

What do they think? That I'm simply going to execute them for speaking out of turn? Fools!

"Any objections, lord Asmund?"
"Only that... Sire, this may send a message to our people that... that you are considering reinstating... the old laws."
"Now, I highly doubt accepting this one gift from a foreign realm will stir a panic in our own. I'm also quite sure we can phrase it in a way as to make it sound more like a... cultural exchange, perhaps?"
"That we can," the second man said assuredly. At least that one had something resembling a brain. "I think our concerns are more with the practical matter of... what your majesty is planning to do with said gift once it is delivered. Our visitors will expect you to make proper use of it, and letting them know that it's to your satisfaction is most vital to..."
"Yes, yes, I know," Loki interrupted him. He didn't need a repetition course in what he'd already memorized about the traditions of the other realm. In all honesty it wasn't much. The culture was small and insignificant in most matters; it had never evoked much interest from the scribes of Asgard. Now they had reached out, and even a small ally could prove itself useful in what was to come. Especially considering the somewhat strategic position it was located in.
"Very well," he said, shifting in his seat. "It seems there is only one reasonable course to take in this matter. We will accept the gift as it's offered and it will be delivered to my chambers, as will be expected. In the meantime..." He frowned at lord Asmund who seemed genuinely pained at the decision. "... you will see to that all accomodations are made for our guests, and take note of any requests that they may have."
As he approached his chambers he was still undecided, but didn't let any of it show. His original plan had simply been to express his satisfaction with the gift when encountering the delegates during the evening's festivities, but upon seeing it... Something had stirred in him when laying eyes on it, and he had found it difficult to tear his gaze away.
He opened the door and stepped in. A movement caught his eye and he turned his head in that direction.
"The gift" stood before him. She had been seated on the bed, but quickly rose when he entered. Her eyes were downcast, hands held together in front of her. They were trembling slightly. And yes, she was every bit as captivating as in the throne room.
He couldn't immediately say why. She was comely, most definitely, but that was not what caught his interest. Looks alone were seldom enough to stir his desires. There was something in her eyes, beyond the poorly hidden fear, that he couldn't quite interpret, and it piqued his curiosity.
"So we're finally alone," he smiled cooly, letting his gaze trail over her features. It couldn't hurt to at least inspect the gift that was offered him, could it? He had no intention of actually bedding her, only keeping up the apparence of doing so to keep the visiting delegates happy. It was a long time since Asgard had given up the tradition of keeping thralls, bed slaves or otherwise, and he had no intention of reintroducing a custom that had ended when he was barely old enough to remember.
But she was attractive, he wouldn't deny that. And he should make sure to see all of her, so he could give a convincing statement of how much he had enjoyed her.
"How may I please you, your majesty?" she asked softly.
"Why don't you begin with telling me your name?" he suggested, circling her to get a good look at her form. Her clothes were revealing, but not too much. He appreciated that.
"I wasn't given one, your majesty. I will answer to whatever it pleases you to call me."
"Oh really? I will have to come up with a name for you myself?"
That was a bit of information that had esca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Sexual Slavery
Loki-centric
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Feels
King Loki
Tumblr: imagine-loki
Sexual Content
Shameless Smut
Dubious Consent
original MCU Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

