Chapter 1: Darcy
    




Chapter Text
In this seemingly secret loft, Darcy now feels that she is a little lamb, and Thor… well, Thor is a sex-on-feet lion, lazily leaning back in an oversized chair, beer in his hand, jeans faded and soft. She nervously plays with her own beer bottle, sitting opposite Thor, separated by a massive coffee table and several paces to boot. This distance seems to be dwindling by the second as his sparkling eyes continue to heat her skin.Her surroundings are dimly light, but she can see the insanely large bed next to the wall of floor to ceiling windows, as well as-Wait, is that ROPE? Yup, yup, there are 2 lines of rope snaking out from between the mattress and the bed frame, undoubtedly matched on the opposite side of the bed, as well. Wrist, wrist, ankle, ankle. Darcy springs off the couch, looking at her nonexistent watch, declaring, “Whelp! Look at the time! I’ve got to get the hell outta here, go home, shower, shower again then head to bed-““Darcy,” Thor is standing a few strides from her, easy smile, earnest face, hands slightly raised and palms down, like he’s settling a wild horse, “surely you must know about my… well, my seasons, as we call them back home.”Aaaaaaaaaaw, shit. This will teach Darcy to passive aggressively ignore Jane telling her about Asgardian biology (hey, YOU achingly sit by and watch someone with **zero interest** in humanity have a golden sex god fall in her lap THEN judge Darcy for refusing to listen as Jane yammers on about the wonders of Thor’s body. I mean, seriously?!). Darcy vaguely recalls something about Asgardians having some kind of mating season or going in heat or something weird and pornish like that. ‘Helps them retain strength’ and ‘shares universal energy’ and something-something ‘abundance and easily exchanged during sexual contact’.“I have been very clear with Jane; monogamy is respected in my culture, however so is our inborn call to be with others as we are with our chosen consorts. This is not a moral weakness, Lady Darcy, I assure you. I am not attempting to deceive or dishonor you or Lady Jane. On the contrary, to know that your chosen returns to you despite all other amorous activity shows that the bond must be strong and not something easily found, lest why would the lover return at all?”“Um….” Darcy waivered and she knew she was weak. Weak and so, SO very horny. “Well, when you put it like that, it still sounds like bullshit.”Thor laughed loudly. “Dear Darcy, though I speak true, I appreciate your unfettered words. It is easy to trust those such as yourself who do not burden themselves with half truths or placating, pretty words.” His smile softened. “Now I ask you, Lady Darcy,” Thor moves slowly towards her, “do you think I mean to wrong you? Or wrong Jane?”Darcy swallows. “Uh, no.”-step--step-“Do you believe that this is something that has helped me and my people live lives far longer than you and your Midgardian counterparts? And it is not merely an attempt to twist words and manipulate you for my own desires?”She blinks, considers his words for a moment, then answers in a lighter tone, “Yes. I do.”Thor visibly brightens at this answer, again stepping closer. “Then my final query is this; do you wish to share my bed this night?”{Abso-fucking-lutely, man! Anyone that ever batted for Team “Wants Dick” ‘wishes to share your bed!’ How the hell could I walk out on the sexifulness that is YOU?!?!}Darcy closes her eyes briefly, focusing on keeping her breathing even.He walks closer to the brunette, eyeing her as he does, telling her what is on his mind.“I imagine your pink nubs caught between my teeth, my lips pressed against the skin of your breasts while I suck firmly, my tongue basting the peaks of your nipples steadily, textured flesh dragging back and forth… across the tips… back and forth… back and forth… still suckling… mouth working-“By this time, Thor has reached Darcy’s side. Though she doesn’t make eye contact, he has her hand in his, swiping his rough thumb over the inside of her wrist in time to his words.“-and tongue moving… back and forth… back and forth.” Thor pauses. “Come now, Lady Darcy,” he says low and leaning close to her ear, “surely that cannot sound so terrible? Is the thought of such company as mine so unwelcome?”Darcy makes the fatal error of looking up into Thor’s eyes, catching sight of his criminally thin tee shirt stretch across his chest, his boyish smile displayed as if he’s trying to convince her to sneak to the candy store from the library. As is, he’s actually doing his damnedest to get her to cave to the offer of mind-bending, forever after sex-life-ruining, energy-exchanging carnal knowledge.“Thor,” she manages, just above a whisper, “please. I can’t-““Ah, Lady Darcy,” he interjects, “’cannot’ is most certainly not our circumstance.”At this, Thor pulls his t-shirt over his head then smoothly reaches down to sweep Darcy up in his arms. As he walks them over to his bed, she inhales the scent of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Natasha Romanov/Thor

freeform: 
Mildly Dubious Consent
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Shameless Smut
Het
Size Kink
of course 'size kink' IT'S THOR
SexGod!Thor
Explicit Sexual Content
NOT OMEGAVERSE
Light Bondage
Light Dom/sub
Sub!Natasha
...yeah seriously
fruit used as a method of mocking
mainly BD not so much SM
Darcy is who we all want to be and you know it

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Natasha Romanov/Thor

