Work Text:
 Wade's Boxes: White/Yellow “This shit is Bananas,” Wade curses as he fiddles with the lock of the second-floor window he is currently trying to break into. Trouble is, his left hand was blasted off by some thug getting a little too kill happy with a shotgun. That had only happened less than thirty minutes ago, so right now his hand was about the size of a nine-month old’s and being less than helpful with stealthily breaking into the closest house he could find while he healed up.
I can’t believe you let those guys get the jump on us! We should have seen them coming from miles away!
“I’m sorry, okay? I wasn’t really expecting to deal with an attempted murder on me when I’m shopping at midnight for ingredients for a bacon and ice-cream lasagna. Besides, I’m wonderful. Who’d want to kill me?” Even worse, most grocery shops didn’t take too kindly to his usual getup, so he was dressed in a hoodie and jeans that could only inconspicuously hide two hand guns and a pocket knife.
Maybe the mob boss whose father you beheaded last week? I told you we should have charged more. 
“I told them it wasn’t personal! Now shush both of you, I need to concentrate.” He really would like to get inside before he passes out from blood loss and actually wake up indoors instead of on the dirty New York streets. With any luck, he’ll pass out and wake back up before the family that lives here finds him and calls the cops.“B.A.N.A.N.A-YES!” Wade whisper-shouts as he finally manages to break the lock on the window. He falls through the newly opened window and lays on the ground. As his vision slowly fades to blackness he thinks he hears a surprised squeal coming from inside the room.Wade wakes up to the feeling of something sharp and hard jabbing him in the side, and not in the good way either. His whole body shudders as it comes to, feeling fully recovered. He opens his eyes to find himself face to face with a scrawny kid. Wide brown eyes stare back at him for about two seconds before the boy is scrambling away from him.Wade looks around the dimly lit room, the boy must have turned on the lamp by computer while he was out. Wade had apparently fallen right into his bedroom, judging from the unmade bed pressed against the wall beside where he landed. The room is cramped and messy, clothes all over the place and chemistry posters taped crookedly to the wall. He has a worn desk with a computer that looks to be from the nineties on it and a bookshelf that is leaning dangerously to the left.The kid himself is pressed back against the bookshelf. He has a messy mop of brown hair on his head and thick square glasses guarding his eyes. He’s wearing a green shirt with a red Mario hat on the front, basketball shorts and socks that go up to his knees. He presses back even further against the bookshelf when Wade moves to sit up.“I’m armed!” The boy warns, waving the broom handle at him.
Look at him! So tiny, so vicious! He’s adorable. 

He’s pathetic. Kill him and put him out of his misery. 
“Shut up, both of you.” Wade growls. The boy’s look of terror turns into one of confusion. He looks around the room as if he’s trying to find something.“Have you already called the cops?” Wade asks, trying to calculate how much longer he has until he needs to make a break for it.“No.” The boy says and then grimaces. “I mean yes, they’re on their way as we speak!”“I don’t believe you.” Wade sings, waving his pointer finger at him. The boy visibly deflates.“You shouldn’t.” The boy sighs. “I was going to but then I saw all the blood coming from your stomach and I had to puke first. And then when I came back you were healed.” His eyes flicker up to his face and then back down again. “Well, mostly healed.”Wade’s hand flies up to his face, touching the scarred skin there.
Oh yeah, we are minus the mask today. Wonder why he hasn’t run away screaming yet?

He’s an idiot obviously. 
“A face not even a mother could love, right?” Wade laughs bitterly. “I’m gonna apologize in advance for the nightmares you’ll have after this.”“It’s not that bad,” The boy scoffs. “I’m more concerned about why you broke into my window at-” The color drains from his face. “Oh crap, what time is it?!” He says scrambling over and grabbing the alarm clock from his dresser. He relaxes, letting out a long sigh after he reads it.“Phew, it’s only one-thirty. I still have a couple hours, then.”“Until what? Wait, wait, wait! Are you a werewolf?” Wade asks excitedly.“What? No I’m not a werewolf jeebus, that doesn’t even make sense. It’s my sixteenth birthday today, and I was born at exactly three thirty-four A.M so I can finally see what my Soul Mark is going to be!” He grins up at Wade excitedly.Oh right, Soul Marks. The constant reminder that some poor person is destined to spend their life with him. Wade remembers being excited when he first saw his, a grey and black spider web painted across his left breast.The mark would always appear on the person’s sixteenth birthday, at the exact time 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
(from Wade)
boys being dumb
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Love Confessions
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
first time writing this pairing
Light Angst
Fluff
Meet-Cute
First Meetings

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

