Work Text:
Anthony Edward Stark, son of Howard and Maria Stark, is born on May twenty-ninth with an empty wrist. It's not a strange thing at all; those born before their soulmates all show blank skin where their soulmate's name should be. If by the time Anthony reaches the double-digits his wrist still bears no name people will start to look at him with pity, and after that he only has a few short years before everyone will assume his soulmate died before Anthony was born.This is a destiny Tony is spared from, though sometimes he wishes he hadn't been. But exactly two weeks and three hours (plus minus a few minutes) after he was born, little Anthony, at the time in a cranky mood, falls silent mid-wail, flails a little, and the falls asleep. His mother for a moment thinks he died (SIDS isn't sudden onset though, is it?) but when she checks on him, she finds that a rune has appeared on her son's wrist, right above where his pulse beats steady under the skin.A rune. At first she and everyone she tells – which is, frankly, everyone – are delighted. Runes mean gods, inasmuch as one might refer to them as gods – some people's ancestors used to worship them, but these days there are things like treaties and alliances and pacts of non-interference, sobering the mysticism and nebulous devotion until the aura of secrecy and worship has waned somewhat. Still, being bound to, in essence, a god is miles more prestigious than being bound to a mere human, if only for the fact that so few humans ever end up being bound to one of them. Thus, from the third week of his life to his fifth birthday, people try to become friends with Tony and or his parents in the hopes of scouring something like gold or immortality or just a trip to Asgard at one point in the future.Shortly after Tony's fifth birthday, however, a girl is born bearing Asgard's crown prince's rune on her wrist, and within hours of her birth Odin himself appears at her hospital bed to confirm the birth of Asgard's new queen. Tony's parents use the opportunity and the connections they have made through their son's connection to Asgard to speak to Odin in person and ask him who the rune on Tony's wrist belongs to. Odin takes one look at it and says that it's Loki, heir apparent to Jötunheimr's throne, casually destroying all of Maria and Howard's hopes and dreams, not to mention all those people who had been hoping to gain from the Stark-Asgard connection.If Midgard's knowledge of the true going ons at Asgard could fit into a soup ladle, what they know of Jötunheimr in comparison could fit into an espresso spoon. And what Midgard knows of Asgard could not fit into a soup ladle; it would at best fill a table spoon. And most of that is hearsay and myth, because the few people known in human history who ended up mated to an Æsir (less than a dozen, incidentally there is no record of a Frost Giant soulmate) didn't end up gossiping about Asgard, if they came back at all. One of the reasons why Tony scoffs every time he thinks about the people buttering his parents up, or his parents buttering him up, hoping to score a favour at an indefinite point in the future. There is no precedent for it and it's, frankly, ridiculous.His parents try to keep the news of Tony's actual soulmate under wraps, but with such a hot piece of gossip, that proves an entirely futile endeavor and within the week seemingly every person on the planet knows. The general reactions fall into one or more of three main categories: schadenfreude, pity and the third one Tony calls fear slash anger, as he can never figure out which it is and the two seem to go hand in hand more often than not. It's those people that send Tony death threats, and that's also the category his parents end up in. Like it's Tony's fault they drew premature, biased conclusions and were too dumb to think logically.General consensus is, Tony is basically doomed. What little people know of Jötunheimr and its native residents is not complimentary; it's a frozen wasteland stuck in a perpetual twilight state and its inhabitants are savage, wild and altogether weak-willed cowards. Considering that their knowledge is based solely on accounts passed on by Æsir, who used to be at war with Jötunheimr, there recently have been a few voices who have cast doubts on these assertions, but it's nevertheless generally accepted that Tony is pretty much doomed. What bad luck to be soulmates with a Frost Giant.Tony mostly doesn't remember many specifics, but he notes a distinct drop in pandering to his five-years-old whims both by his parents and the general public, which to him then was everybody else. His teachers would alternately be more strict and more forgiving with him, based on their personal opinion whether Tony was to be pitied or sneered at for his fate. His parents immediately move on to trying to conceive another child – when the heir apparent of the Stark legacy was bound for Asgard there was not much of an issue, but nobody expects to se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Arranged Marriage
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Culture Shock
Alien Culture
Alien Gender/Sexuality
Fluff

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

