Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Not long after the mess in Siberia, Pepper had much of Stark Tower and the Avengers compound redecorated. But even though everything looked different, that didn't stop Tony from seeing the shadows of his former teammates every time he walked into a room. It was both painful and stressful to the point where sometimes he would go days without eating just so that he didn't have to remember what it had been like when the others were there. Because it turned out that eating take-out all by yourself wasn't quite the same when you were used to sharing.So this was a whole new experience. Walking into an unfamiliar kitchen was actually kind of nice. Tony sat down at the table and looked around the room. At first glance, he could pick out roughly four different machines that were in dire need of improvement. This was just a SHIELD safe house after all, though he suspected that it was one of the nicer safe houses. And really, considering that he no longer had to share a house with the rest of the ex-Avengers, he wasn't complaining. Sleeping outside in the mud was preferable to running the risk of bumping into one of them at any moment.Not that that had stopped Steve. No, it was exactly the opposite. Steve was bound determined that he was going to fix things between him and Tony, and he'd thrown a little bit of a fit when he was told that Tony, Bruce, Rhodey, Peter, and Coulson were moving to another safe house. Fortunately, Tony hadn't had to actually witness the fit. But he'd heard about it secondhand. Apparently, Fury had taken more than a little delight in putting Steve in his place and reminding him that Steve didn't get a say in anything have to do with Tony anymore.He put his head down on the table and sighed. That was true. But it was just as true that Tony still missed his daddy desperately. Fury had decided, and Pepper agreed, that Tony needed to be kept out of the limelight for a while. Others had stepped up to take his place, giving Tony a much needed break. But the downtime was just making him miss Steve even more. It was hard to let go and be Little when the only caregiver around was Peter. Fury, Coulson, and Bruce all registered as baseline. Rhodey, also baseline, had returned to Stark Tower to pack up a few things. Not that Tony would've wanted them to be a replacement, anyway - except maybe Rhodey, because he was awesome."Tony?"The overhead light switched on. He didn't move as Bruce shuffled into the room, but the sound of the coffee machine being switched on definitely caught his attention. Tony lifted his head an inch, peeking at Bruce. The house wasn't stocked with the kind of coffee that Tony liked, but Rhodey had promised to bring some back with him. Until then, Tony was forced to drink subpar coffee or go without. Since the last time he'd gone without was when he was captured in Afghanistan, subpar coffee it was."Are you okay?" Bruce asked, taking a seat across from him. It would take a minute for the coffee to be ready, which was aggravating."I'm just peachy.""You look tired," Bruce said. Tony thought about denying it, but really. What was the point? "I can't sleep," he admitted, which was as much as he was going to say. Bruce did not need to know that he'd wet the bed for the past five nights, or that last night Tony had climbed into the crib that was pushed into a corner of his bedroom and cried himself to sleep.Bruce sighed. "You need to be Little, Tony. You've pushed yourself to your absolute limit. Your body is at the point where it's starting to break down.""I can't be Little. There's no one to help me," Tony said to the table, and wasn't that just galling to say. Life would be easier if he wasn't a Little period, but it still would've been better if he were an older Little and not a baby. Add in the fact that, every time he woke up, he was half-expecting to find that Bruce, Fury and Coulson had taken off again, and Tony wasn't exactly chomping at the bit to let his headspace take over anytime soon."Setting aside the fact that any one of would help, Peter adores you. He would gladly look after you for as long as you needed it."Tony swallowed. "It's weird.""What's weird?""He's so much younger than me, Bruce. He's just a kid. I can't put that on him. It's not right." The words spilled out, roughened by desperation. He'd still been Little when they left the last safe house. Peter had been fiercely protective, hovering over Tony and all but snapping at anyone who dared to come too close. At the time, Tony had clung to him, seeing Peter as the last caregiver who gave a shit about him. It was only once he forced himself out of his headspace that cold clarity set in: Peter didn't deserve to have that kind of pressure on his shoulders."Tony. For one thing, you haven't asked anything of Peter. He offered. I can't argue that he's younger than you, but that does nothing to change his biological drive. He's a caregiver, just like you're a Little. Age has very little to do wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not compliant with spider-man homecoming
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
alternate universe - littles are known
Littles Are Known
Baby!Tony
Little!Tony
Daddy!Steve
daddy!Peter
caregiver steve
caregiver Peter
uncle!bruce - Freeform
uncle!rhodey
Uncle!Phil
Grandpa!Fury
Fear of Abandonment
Crying
Cuddling
Hugging
Platonic Hugging
Bathing
Platonic Bathing
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs Therapy
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Phil Coulson
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective james rhodes
Protective Nick Fury
selfish steve rogers
Diapers
bottles
PTSD
Nursery
Cribs
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
steve rogers apologizes
but it's not enough
apologies don't magically fix everything
especially insincere selfish apologies
not as harsh towards steve as the tags make it sound
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
may-december relationship
non-sexual may-december relationship
Jealous Steve Rogers
Tony Feels

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

