Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Peter was tired, to say the least. Many people his age worked a part time job flipping burgers, but no, this is where he is right now. He should be at home, studying for his next test. That's where he thinks he should be, but New York thinks otherwise. 


He's on the floor, and he's gasping for breath. His chest is rising and falling quick, way too quick to be healthy, and he's struggling to get up but he can't and it's so frustrating and he doesn't know what to do. He feels his heart in his throat, and he swallows it down. 


Sirens roared by and as he looked up there goes the hulk. He sighs to himself, “Not now....“ He got up on his feet and started off towards the Hulk. "Hey! Buddy! Down here!" 


The hulk didn't bother to stop for a second, ignoring Peter and going on through his rampage. Cops took their aim and fired, and Peter wanted to scream. "Hulk! Look! Over here!" Peter webbed his feet to the ground, trying to stabilize him. The less the Hulk moved, the less Peter had to move. "That's right, bud. Make this a lot easier for me." 


To tell the truth, Peter had no clue what to do. Right now, he didn't have much strength. He could barely stand. After having been tortured for quite some time, he wasn't feeling too peachy. And now.... He had to deal with this!? 


He knew the Hulk wasn't some mindless monster, knew he was much more than that. The hulk is triggered by anger, and he wondered... Could he resort back to normal by the opposite? 


Jokes. Peter was great at those. Or, he thinks he is. Anyways, Peter doesn't have good jokes right now; his head isn't in the right place. He struggles for a joke, but his head is spinning and he can't find one. He thinks back on past experiences, trying to remember something funny. 


“Hulk, look at me for a second!" The hulk went to squash Peter, but peter's spidey sense warned him before he could become a pancake. "Great! Now that I have your attention....." He paused to swing up on a perch. "You wanna know why I don't trust atoms?" The hulk was still rampaging, but Peter was sure he had heard him. "Cause they make up everything!" 


The hulk's yelling stopped. His arms started to drop a little, and his feet stopped resisting at the webbing. Peter took this as a victory, taking the chance to sit down on the perch. He watched as the Hulk slowly lost his color and all that was left was a man left in the debris. 


Peter dropped down to the floor in front of the human. His shoulders were shaking with laughter, and he was giggling like a child. Peter smiled under his mask. "Hey, you okay?" 


The man looked up, his eyes wide. His laughter had stopped, and his face just looked overall confused. ”Spider-Man?" 


“Yup, that's me! Surprised you know who I am," he smiled, even tho the guy couldn't see it, "It's a pleasure to meet you.” Peter glanced over to the police officers, who were looking as if they were about to take charge. "I'd love to continue this conversation, but I--" 


"Bruce!" A blond man had dropped to the floor, Peter recognized him as Captain America. If he hadn't been close to unconsciousness, he would've totally fanboyed. "Are you okay? What happened?" 


"I... I can't remember how I got out here, to tell the truth," Bruce replied, looking back to Steve and the other avengers as they slowly dropped. He turned to Peter. “Spider-Man here helped me back to normal. As to how..." 


Peter was stumbling. Not in front of his heroes, no way. He wanted to reply, he really did. Something clever, something funny. But he couldn't. He was too dizzy. "My hilarious jokes are a cure to many, many problems. Right now, however, it's not doing much for me, so I'm gonna skidaddle." If Peter passed out here, he had no doubt the NyPD would get ahold of him. 


“Spiderman! Are you injured?” Bruce asked, stepping closer as Peter moved to move away. “Let me help." Peter shook his head, struggling to get away. 


"No, no! That's okay! Really, I'm just gonna--" the familiar feeling of his heart in his throat resurfaced, and he didn't think he can hold it down this time. He started to sprint and he reached to web up to a tower, but then he fell forward and his hands scrambled to lift his mask over his throat. His mouth let out a gagging noise, and he struggles to breathe and pass through the moment. Red dusted his cheeks. He was glad his mask hid. 


He tried to even out his breathing and swallow the vomit, but instead he puked it up. He looked to see blood splattering on the floor in front of him and he winced at the sight and his pain. He struggled to breathe, and he was taking s deep breath when he felt a hand on his shoulder. "Take deep breaths, kid." 


He launched forward before turning around to face a group of six worried avengers. "Please," he rasped out, felling the puke rise up again, "D...Don't look at th--" his own puke cut him off. 


He again fell to his knees and he coughed up so much blood. His head was spinning more and more, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Spider-Man & Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Kid Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Peter is a reckless idiot
the avengers are worried
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Sick Peter
Hurt Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
He's just bad at it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Spider-Man & Avengers Team
Peter Parker/Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

