Chapter 1: Old fool
    




Chapter Text
Nick Fury was not a happy man. It seemed like every time he turned around things went to shit. Frankly, he was tired of dealing with all the bullshit people kept pilling on one on top of the other. Fucking aliens, Hydra, Ultron, and now this Civil War. It was one fucking disaster after another, and there was still more to come.He’d gone to ground for a while after the Hydra fiasco, needing some time to wrap his head around it and regroup, and do some damage control over the information released (what a dumb idea that had been – if he hadn’t just been shot to fucking hell, hadn’t been so doped up on painkillers that he could hardly think straight, he might have been able to figure out a better plan. At least he’d managed to warn Stark, who had mitigated the fallout somewhat). In retrospect, it was obvious that there was something very wrong with SHIELD, and while he had known there were issues (he’d never trusted the World Security Council, for one thing), at the time he hadn’t realized how deeply the problem went. It was hard to say now if the things that had gone wrong had been the result of unfortunate circumstances or deliberate manipulation and sabotage. Fury hated not knowing, and he hated it even more that he hadn’t seen it coming, not like that. As the saying went, no fool like an old fool, and fuck it if he didn’t feel like the biggest fucking fool of them all.The latest clusterfuck though… It was enough to make a guy despair of humanity (if he didn’t already). What in the world Rogers had been thinking was still a mystery – or rather it wasn’t, because clearly he hadn’t been thinking at all. When Fury had heard about Lagos he’d found it hard to believe that such a fuck-up of a mission had actually happened. He’d contacted Romanoff immediately and she’d said that things had gotten out of hand (well, no shit), but that they would work it out. And then the Accords were brought back to the table for discussion, and Fury had focused on keeping his eye on how that was going, trusting that the Avengers would, as she’d said, do their part. Obviously he had seriously overestimated their ability to handle non-world-ending crisis. In hindsight, he really shouldn’t have been surprised by that – after all, the only one of them with an eye on the big picture had always been Stark, the others just dealt with shit one thing at a time (long term planning was not their thing). Still, Fury had thought they’d at least have the good sense to lay low and wait for the worst of it to blow over before going out there to fuck things up again. But then Barnes had gotten involved and it had all gone downhill from there.As soon as it had been announced that Barnes was a suspect, Fury had gotten his people looking into it. It didn’t add up that Hydra would do something so sloppily. Barnes had gone unnoticed for decades, it didn’t make sense that he’d get himself recognized so easily. And if Hydra was no longer controlling him he’d have no reason to attack anybody, much less the UN. So there had to have been more to the story. Unfortunately, rather than letting the investigation dig up anything useful, Rogers had gone in guns blazing and made everything worse, derailing all efforts to get to the bottom of the matter for both the official team and Fury’s own, who had been forced to scramble for damage control.He had thought of reaching out to Stark many times during that whole mess, but shit kept happening and he never actually managed it. He wasn’t sure now whether it would have made any difference, though he still regretted it. Truth was, Fury had always had a soft spot for Stark, and not just because he was Howard’s kid. The man was a mess, no question about it, but he was also brilliant and a genuinely good guy. Not a goodie-two-shoes like Rogers, but someone who knew how the world worked and who knew when to fight and when to back off and come in from a different angle. What made him special was not the Iron Man suit itself, but the fact that he’d made it in the first place – that he could create stuff, and understand stuff, and pretty much work a miracle out of his ass if the situation called for it. And underneath his sarcastic and arrogant façade he was a truly caring person who had gotten screwed over a lot. Howard had been a smart guy too, but the man had been a crap father and had left his kid with a ton of issues.In the end, by the time Fury had contacted Stark it had been far too late, the fight was over. He’d considered talking to Potts, but the woman had had enough on her plate and would probably not have helped him much anyway. He had no illusions about where her loyalties lied, despite her break-up with Stark. The first time he’d seen Stark after he’d gotten out of the hospital in the aftermath of the ‘Civil War’ had been on television and the man had looked like shit. He hid it very well, certainly – he did know how to put on a public mask, after all – but Fury could see 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Team Cap is full of shit
Pro-Accords
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Howard Stark & Tony Stark

