Work Text:
Anyone who was anyone (or at the very least was a person who could hack into SHIELD’s servers through a backdoor he’d created the last time he’d been in headquarters) knew about Captain America.  How he’d been discovered in the arctic and revived; how SHIELD had been keeping him hidden from the world while he got acclimated to the future; how they’d been sending him out on simple solo missions to see how he’d do.And Tony was all for getting him up to speed, making him feel comfortable, all that crap really, but he didn’t understand why that meant he couldn't see him.  It was Captain America, for Pete’s sake.  He’d been waiting to meet Captain America his whole fucking life.  Not that Fury seemed to care about that, oh no.  Tony Stark was a loose cannon.  Tony Stark couldn’t keep a secret (like the plans for Iron Man for example).  Tony Stark had impulse problems, which okay, yeah, but this was different!  Captain America was two elevators, seven hallways, and fifteen doors away from him, and if he had to wait one more day, just one more, he’d go batshit insane, would pull a Bruce Banner on them, would—would—he didn’t know what he’d do, but it wouldn’t be pretty.So it was for SHIELD’s sake that he was standing outside of Steve Roger’s quarters, unauthorized and unaccompanied.  Because Tony was a good enough guy that he didn’t want to lay the blame for all that destruction at SHIELD’s door.Arranging the whole thing had actually been a lot easier than he’d expected: a little misdirection here, some subterfuge there. JARVIS taking over a portion of SHIELD’s mainframe there. No big deal.Still. Someone was sure to notice something eventually, and he wanted to make the most of the time he had before a very not-happy Fury came to kick him out.  Tony already knew he’d have to do something big in order to keep from being tasered and left in a puddle of drool on the sidewalk outside.  He’d have to beef up SHIELD's firewalls for them maybe, reveal how exactly he’d rigged all the cameras, throw in a couple tens of millions of dollars’ worth of tech, who knew what, but it’d be so worth it.He knocked and had to control his squeak of excitement when the door finally opened and Captain America—Captain America—peered down at him.“Hi!” he said, oozing innocence like a kid with sticky fingers in a candy store but too excited to do anything about it.“Oh no,” Captain America groaned, and Tony was too distracted saying his name over and over again in his head—Captain America. Captain America. Captain AMERICA—to be hurt by the lack of warm welcome. “I told him not to do it.”“Do what?” he asked, looking his fill, because the pictures totally hadn't done him justice.  Tall, with muscles that begged for Tony’s tongue to lick across them, hair just right for pulling, thighs like tree trunks, and—holy shit, someone was happy to see him.“You. This,” Captain America said, waving his hand between them.  Which made both of them look down. Which made Captain America realize what they were both looking down at.  Which made him blush and move his crotch behind the door.  Which made Tony want to cry a little.“I told him I was okay. I could—I can take care of it. Myself,” said that man who looked like he was trying to hide a missile in his shorts and doing a very poor job of it at that.“Well, it definitely looks like you need help taking care of something, soldier, and I am more than happy to volunteer my services,” he said, pushing into the room. “I don’t need any help,” Captain America protested, but he shuddered as soon as Tony’s hand touched his chest, and when Tony closed the door, he didn’t seem to notice, staring at him with eyes that were glazing over.“Right,” Tony said, licking his lips and watching Captain America follow the drag of his tongue, sweat beading on his forehead. “I totally believe you.”Captain America blinked, giving himself a little shake.  “You need to get out of here,” he said, turning around, and Tony gave a silent whistle; the back view was almost as good as the front.  “I don’t know what Nick told you, but I’m not—I’m not safe right now.”“No? And why would that be?” he asked, pulling his tie free in a hum of silk and admiring the way Captain America’s back tensed at the sound. It was obvious that he didn’t know who the hell Tony was, which was vaguely insulting, but nothing he couldn’t forgive considering the guy had been frozen for the past seventy years.  Even if he had been awake for months now, and one would think he’d know Tony’s face, what with all the magazine covers and news shows he’d been on recently, but whatever, it was fine. It was equally obvious that Captain America was having some sort of problem in his pants and that Fury had wanted to send someone to relieve the issue, but Cap was against the idea for some reason. Upon reflection, it was also also obvious that that meant Captain America thought he was either a SHIELD agent really dedicated to his job, or someone who was willing to lend a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Sex Pollen
Porn
D/s elements
Alternate Universe
Mistaken Identity
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Chinese Translation Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

