Work Text:
To be screwed over like that... everything suddenly made sense. After the panic attacks and panic induced vomiting, some clarity was achieved. This was just the biggest screw over from a series of screw overs delivered by them. Oh the thought of them makes him want to cry, punch them, tell them of the pain they caused, then ask them to take him back...but he won't do that. He can't let them know they got to him. All of the years when he gave 100% to what he thought was their friendship now seem to laugh at him and tell him what he now realizes is true- it was not a true friendship. True friendship requires love in action, and there was certainly none of that. An outsider might think all was well within the team before the cataclysm that was the Accords, and the offenders themselves might have also thought all was well, but all was NOT well. Everything was far from well for Tony. They treated him like a "friend of opportunity," only calling on him for something they needed or when they were desperate for company. Other times they ignored him and left him feeling alone and unwanted. When Tony was with other people that were not the Avengers, they all listened to him and valued him and they laughed at his jokes- like really laughed. No avenger ever hinted to Tony that they thought he was funny, and he previously always thought one of his best features was his funny personality. The guy could make the Queen of England laugh until she cried (this happened, and it was great for everyone involved). They made him feel like he had nothing to offer, and yet they took everything he had and gave it to them- both figuratively and literally. They literally took his money, his tower, and his equipment. They figuratively took his generosity, humor, confidence, and genius. They used all of those to their advantage. 
When it came down the final screw over, just to put salt in the wound, they tried to act as if they were innocent and their actions were justified. They'd always told Tony he needed to stop being selfish and think of other people, but they were the ones who greedily took everything from him and disregarded him and 117 countries. They blindly followed an old fashioned man who had the audacity to mistrust the combined efforts of 117 countries; a man who also mistrusted Tony, the one that gave him food, shelter, equipment, and everything else. The Avengers would not have been possible without Tony which is why they crumbled when they separated from him. 
The initial screw over was like a slap to the face- it hurt that they turned against him, the sting faded, but a handprint was left behind. However, the betrayal Tony felt when he discovered Cap- no, Rogers- knew about his parents, was like having a gaping hole in his chest, a feeling he understood. That hole could not go away- it was like the arc reactor, weighing him down and making it hard to breathe. The arc reactor gave off light, and The Betrayal shed light on the wrongs the team had thrust at Tony. The similarities between the reactor and The Betrayal stop there because the arc reactor kept Tony alive, whereas The Betrayal made him want to disappear. 
Words could not describe the panic Tony felt at the thought of seeing them again. The thought made his head hurt, the world would spin, and suddenly he'd see the shield coming down for his head then hitting his most vulnerable spot- the arc reactor. Sometimes, he wishes it would've hit his head or that he still needed the arc reactor to survive when the shield hit his chest, so that way he would've died in Siberia, and he likes to think Rogers and the rest of Team Crap might feel bad and realize their wrongdoings… However, he also knows they have their heads so far up their asses that they would never think that. He's glad he lived, because now he can rise above them. That's just what he does.
 
Tony's journey after Siberia is a rough one. He focuses on Rhodey and helping him so he doesn't have to face the cold reality of the hole left by his "friends of opportunity". He knows they were never really his friends at all, but he likes the term because it's somehow self-deprecating and a dig at team crap. By focusing on Rhodey and spending so much time with him, Tony gains some of his confidence back because Rhodey laughs at his jokes and loves him like a brother, and Tony feels it through love in action. Rhodey helps Tony heal and helps him to be better than he even was before. Rhodey has lost a lot at this point, but he refuses to lose Tony, so he holds on. Rhodey hold on to Tony tightly and doesn’t let him go because he knows that if he did let go, Tony might be gone forever. Rhodey joins Tony in the workshop now just to let Tony ramble and have someone to talk to other than the bots. Rhodey forces Tony to come to dinner with Mama Rhodes every week, and a new tradition is started. Every Monday Tony and Rhodey go to Rhodey’s childhood home and help Mama Rhodes cook a big dinner. Tony also ends up fixing
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
New Team
not team Cap friendly
Hurt Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Team as Family

fandom: 
None
