Work Text:
“Hawkeye, there’s two more on your seven o’clock,” Coulson’s voice came through his ear piece and Clint ducked in response, just in time as a leg came flying over his head. He was really liking this new heat signature tracking system that R&D came up with. Combined with the tracking chip embedded in Clint’s hip, it allowed Coulson to warn Clint of the general locations of enemy combatants. It was quite nifty; Coulson must be loving it.He swung around, catching the first goon right in the knee with a right hook then knocked him over on his back with an elbow to the jaw, the goon’s head hit the ground with a loud crack. The second goon came flying towards him and Clint caught his fist, rolled back and used the momentum to throw the guy over. He followed through and caught him in a chokehold, and waited until he passed out.“Thanks, Coulson,” Clint muttered back into his comm with a smirk on his face. “Enjoying the show so far?”“It’s… passable,” Coulson replied with his deadpan tone, but Clint knew that his handler would have a similar amused expression on his face. “Get out of there; two large groups converging on your location from either ends of the corridor.”They were somewhere just outside of Minsk, on a mission infiltrating an arms dealer’s secret cache. The preliminary intel they received indicated that the target had gotten his hands on a shipment of old Russian military cast-offs that contained Hydra tech. Clint had no idea how the Russians got their hands on Hydra tech in the first place, but that wasn’t his problem. Clint’s job had been to confirm the existence of the tech and report back so SHIELD could send in a larger strike team to deal with it. Coulson had come with him as ops support.It should’ve been a cakewalk, except the part where it wasn’t. They’d found more guards than they anticipated; every inch of the compound was being watched by someone. It didn’t matter how quiet Clint was and how soft he was on his feet, there was no way to get around without someone noticing him. Clint snuck around on the rafters, taking out the guards that he came across, but someone was bound to find one of the guards Clint had dropped and sound the alarm. Coulson had no choice at that point but to call the mission and tell Clint to retreat, which was, of course, when the alarm went off.“Uh, too late. They’re here.”Clint shot two more guards coming from around the corner but he was standing in a straight corridor with very little cover, and more guards were already blocking both ends. He kicked open the door closest to him, went inside and slammed the door shut.The room looked like a storage area littered with crates. Clint pushed a stack on a pallet against the door to stop his pursuers from entering. Not that those would hold for long. Clint checked a few of the crates, looking for anything he could use. He cursed out loud when he found the crates filled with various types of weaponry but no ammo. There was some random junk in other crates but none of them appeared to be bullets or anything he could use to eliminate the army about to bust in the door. So much for his hopes of extra ammo. The C4 might be useful but that really wasn’t an option Clint wanted to entertain unless he got really desperate. He had already checked the perimeter and found no other obvious way out of that room except the way from where he came.Shit. Clint thumbed his comm, “Yeah… I could use some directions here, Coulson. I’m stuck in a storage room full of empty guns and random crap, and I’m running low on ammo. Any vents I can use to bypass the village people converging on my position?”“Vents are too small. Stay put, I’m coming to get you,” Coulson said, and Clint could hear him cocking more than just his sidearm in the background.There were goons outside ramming at the door, which was old and wooden and not exactly the best at being a barrier. Clint crouched down behind some crates and inventoried his ammo. “Better hurry up, boss. That door’s not going to last for much longer. Especially if they get smart and start shooting.”“ETA five minutes,” came the reply. “Coulson out.” ~*~ In the end, it took Coulson less than four minutes to clear a bloody path to where Clint had been pinned down, but not before someone got off a lucky shot and blew up a crate filled with compressed gas canisters a few feet away from Clint. He got a noseful of the gas and coughed at the sickly sweet smell. He wheezed his way out the room to join Coulson. He thought about mentioning the gas to his handler, but since nothing happened immediately, he shrugged it off to the back of his mind and concentrated on the fresh ammo Coulson handed him as they fought their way back out of the compound.It wasn’t until they were making their way towards a safe house in the suburbs that Clint realized that something was wrong.“Barton?” Coulson’s voice sounded a little far away even though they were hiking side-by-side through a small, snow-covered park. “Barton!”The 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Get Together
Accidental Pregnancy
Knotting
A little angst
a little hurt/comfort
First Time

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

