Chapter 1: The Fall, The Crash
    


Notes:
Edited: (aka, tidied up) 26th February 2019




Chapter Text
  
Ram Saran Das was sentenced to death in 1915, and the sentence was later commuted to life transportation. Today myself, sitting in the condemned cell, I can let the readers know as authoritatively that the life-imprisonment is comparatively a far harder lot than that of death. Bhagat Singh
 As predicted, he went to Azkaban. The bitter numbness had solidified after the door of his cell had closed, leaving him in darkness.It did not matter that he had been a minor—they had all been children—their actions were severe and so their punishment had to reflect their crimes. His most of all. During the infrequent occasions when the prisoners were allowed to mingle in the communal area, he bartered with the other prisoners. And he waited.He was there for almost two years before they saw fit to remember his existence.Or the Ministry figured it was the only way to put a stop to his mother’s incessant harassment of their offices.The first trial was a sham. The Wizengamot were as unbiased as a Ravenclaw on the subject of book burnings.He had gone back to the sodden rock in the middle of the North Sea without protest.Sometime during that second incarceration, his mother died, apparently of a sleeping potions overdose. It was impossible to know whether it had been an accident, successful suicide or simply murder. He barely felt a thing when he had been told. Another year passed.Then he was dragged to Wizengamot once more.The second trial had been far more interesting. It was somehow worse that they had given him a choice.He stood in the Department of Mysteries, in front of the half-ruined stone arch carved with ancient symbols. He held his head high as the Unspeakables flitted around him, attaching sensor charms to his clothes and body. A healer from St. Mungo’s hovered nearby talking earnestly to The Saviour and his equally irritating cronies. Status and money, as he knew well, could get you front-row seats to almost anything.The Veil fluttered in a non-existent breeze, as innocuous and deadly as a horcrux. Oh, yes, he had known all about those. He knew an awful lot about far too many things. Perhaps that was why he had such prestigious witnesses at his send-off. They probably wanted to make sure he did not wriggle out of it.But there really was nowhere left to run. No money to effect his escape, no family who would speak on his behalf or plea for mercy. He would be the last of his name and certainly the last pureblood of several ancient lines. Perhaps that was no bad thing. He had not been the committed pure-blood fanatic in the way his father and mother had been, not for several years. But part of him was still proud of his lineage.In these, his final moments, he clung to the flimsy shell of his aristocratic persona—maintaining a façade of silent, calm dignity to hide his bitter resignation. They could laugh and jeer all they liked, but they would never be like him and he would show them how real wizards met their end. With dignity, grace and fearlessness. Courage was not solely a Gryffindor trait. Especially when he was avoiding the alternative—a one-way ticket to a brief encounter with a Dementor. At least being these researchers’ test subject meant he would die with his soul intact and undigested. There was no dignity or moral victory in the Kiss.A macabre bonus was that when he died in the same way as his blood-traitor of a cousin. It might even squeeze a little guilt through the chinks in The Saviour’s Armour of Moral Righteousness. And if the memory of him haunted The Boy Who Had Repeatedly Failed To Die, then that was something. Just a little something.Perhaps he would be granted one last request. If he was lucky, it would be a large glass of Ogden’s finest and a cigarette. Yet the so-called experts were not interested in talking to their sacrificial lamb and he would not lower himself to starting a conversation, however inconsequential, with his executioners.After all, if things had turned out differently, their roles may well have been reversed. This lent a predatory cast to his features as he watched the bustling activity. There was no grim solemnity about these people. No reverence or ceremony around the actions they were committing. No respect for the life they were going to take in the name of ‘research’.He clenched his hands briefly, letting his nails bite into his palms, he relished the pain and then relaxed. No need to give the game away. He would only be strolling into the realm of the dead. It would be like popping over to Knockturn Alley for a bezoar. No big deal. If everyone else was being so cavalier about this matter, he’d be damned if he didn’t show them how it was really done.He would have liked to go flying, though, one last time. Or perhaps just sleep in his own bed. He was so very tired. But war criminals did not get anything.It was a shame that they would never know the whole truth, but
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Draco Malfoy in the Muggle World
Trauma
Dark Loki
Hidden Depths
Blood and Torture
Set in MCU
Not Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Compliant
Harry Potter References
Magical Artifacts
Draco Malfoy is Clueless About Muggle Things
Especially Glowing Muggle Things
Everyone Has Issues
Other Side Of The Veil
Trust Issues
Parallel Universes

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

