Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Everyone knew what happened when soulmates touched each other. Whether it was hands clasping together, fingers brushing across a jaw, or lips meeting in a kiss - it didn’t matter. Any skin-to-skin contact and chests started glowing with soft, white-blue light. Soul-light, it was called. The light shone from the center of the chest. Well, if you wanted to be completely accurate, the light shone from a little to the left of the center of the chest. From directly over the heart, if you could fucking believe it.Soulmates touched and their chests glowed for each other and everyone lived happily ever after.Tony honestly thought it was a lot of bullshit.For every happy soulmate story, there were two that ended in tragedy. For every Buttercup and Westley there was a Paris and Helen or a Romeo and Juliet. Literature and history were filled with countless stories where a touch was all it took to start wars and tear families apart. Lives lost, cities razed, spirits broken all for the chance, the possibility that all you needed to be happy was one other person. Two chests glowed and what did it matter if Rome burned?The scientist in him hated the concept of soulmates. Tony raged against the idea that the entire course of his life might change just because of a random biological response to another person - a biological response that nobody fucking understood anyway.Tony didn’t need a soulmate.Having a soulmate did not guarantee happiness; Tony’s own parents were proof enough of that.Except-Except… a small, dark, hidden, silenced part of Tony yearned for a soulmate with a fierceness that had the power to ruin him. Because it was intoxicating, the thought of having someone that would move heaven and hell to be with you and damn the consequences. To be loved that way and with such fervor would be addicting and Tony craved it desperately and in secret. And realistically, Tony knew his only hope for that kind of love was his soulmate, because who else would bother looking at Tony and seeing something of value?Tony grew up and his chest stayed dim.Tony met Rhodey and Pepper and had minutes, hours, days where he hoped that one of them might be more to him (might be  it) but no, his chest stayed dim. His chest stayed dim and a tiny part of him was thankful because didn’t Rhodey and Pepper deserve better?Tony lost his parents and suddenly, the lack of light in his chest seemed all the more glaring. His chest stayed dim and it felt like a condemnation.Tony built the best weapons in the world, attended lavish parties, and had one night stands with beautiful men and women and it helped take his mind off the fact that after 40 years, his chest was still empty and that every day, absolution slipped further and further out of his grasp.-------Tony woke up in a cave in Afghanistan with a hole in his chest and wires coming out of it and felt his blood run cold, dread curling heavy and low in his stomach.Science still hadn’t worked out many of the finer details of how soulmates or soul-lights worked, but what was known was this: soul-lights operated on a positive feedback loop. That for one person’s soul-light to shine, their soulmate’s soul-light also had to glow. The lights bolstered each other and grew brighter the longer soulmates touched. The connection between two soul-lights was supposedly “a beautiful metaphor for love and for the soulmate bond,” but what it actually meant was if one person’s soul-light wasn’t visible, their soulmate’s chest wouldn’t glow even when they touched.Soul-lights could be temporarily blocked (e.g. completely obscured underneath too many layers of clothing) and occasionally, rarely, they could be permanently extinguished. Sometimes burn victims that had extensive skin grafts on their chests lost their soul-lights.If you lost your soul-light before you found your soulmate, it meant that you never would find them. Because even if you met and touched them, your soulmate’s soul-light would never appear since it had no responding soul-light to feed off of. If you lost your soul-light and didn’t already have a soulmate, you were shit out of luck.So Tony looked at the thing sitting in his chest, keeping him alive, and instinctively understood what it meant.He’d lost his ability to produce a soul-light.He would never find his soulmate.He was shit out of luck.Tony tried processing it. He tried thinking rationally about the loss of something he never had and never truly expected to have, but the walls of cave started closing in on him and he choked on the violent nausea welling up inside of him. Tony had to consciously remind himself to keep breathing. He closed his eyes and fought against the part of him that wanted to give up now that he had lost all hope.Because that was what losing his soul-light meant.Tony’s soulmate was gone and with them went all Tony’s naive dreams of completion and redemption.Tony couldn’t believe that despite being on the verge of death and he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
(Not IM3 A:AOU or CA:CW compliant)
POV Tony Stark
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Hurt/Comfort
Pining
so much pining
More angst than I usually write
But complete with a very sappy happy ending
With some fairytale-like elements
Both Tony and Steve have issues and soulmate related issues
But they figure them out
also
Slow Build
Eventual Explicit sexual content
(also not A:IW compliant)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

