Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
 
The above graphic was made the the lovely and talented theeone007 on Tumblr. 
 

“Come on, boy, don’t be such a baby.” - Number Nine (The Twilight Singers)

[6:28am, April 25th, Wakanda]

The first thing Bucky felt was a jolt as his left shoulder hit the floor, the metal grating across the tile beneath him. Everything was black. He couldn’t feel his legs, couldn’t move. Terror and anxiety well up inside him. His mouth was open, but nothing was coming out. No scream, not even a breath. Because he couldn’t breathe. His lungs were burning and the numbness in his body was quickly turning into a dull ache that was growing more intense as the seconds passed.
It felt like a lifetime, but it was probably only a handful of seconds between the moment he hit the ground and the moment he realized his eyes were closed. With effort, he opened them and saw a puddle of blood not more than two feet away. A boot print was in the edge of it, smearing the viscous, red pool. His skin was on fire, and he still couldn’t feel his legs. Still couldn’t breathe. Consciously thinking about his lungs, he tried to remember how to pull in a breath. He couldn’t think of the sensation; the muscle memory was gone. His mouth opened like a fish, trying to find oxygen.
Finally, he pulled in his first shuddering breath of air. The floor beneath him rumbled and shook. His skin wasn’t on fire; he was freezing. His right hand was lying limp in front of his face and it was a sickly, pale blue. What was happening? Where was he? Why was he on fire? No, not fire. Cold. His entire body was convulsing in shivers now. Bucky curled in on himself, dragging the edge of his metal shoulder across the floor. His left arm was missing. What?
“Can you move?” The voice was behind him, but Bucky didn’t know if he had the strength to roll over. “Barnes, can you move?”
Bucky opened his mouth and wheezed out an airy moan that didn’t make much noise at all. His tongue felt thick and heavy and useless.
“Barnes!” The man behind him had raised his voice further. Another crash and glass skittered across the floor in front of him. Some of the pieces landed in the pool of blood. What had he done? Who had he killed? What did HYDRA make him do now?
“Fuck,” Bucky managed to say, pulling in another breath and finding it easier to fill his lungs.
“Barnes, we’ve got to move.”
The man again. Bucky shifted onto his back. To his left was a cylinder with a door. It was leaning to the right and looked to be on the precipice of tumbling over. It almost did when there was another crash and concrete from the wall behind the cylinder scattered across the room, filling the space with chalky dust.
Gunfire. It had been on-going, but he only now registered it. Gunfire and the rumble of explosives. The woosh of someone’s leg flying through the air and connecting with a body. Combat. What had he done?
Suddenly the pieces fell into place. He was cold from the cryo chamber. Tony Stark had torn off his arm. He was in Wakanda. Bucky struggled until he was sitting up. The voice was…
“Barnes! Now!” T’Challa yelled, slamming his fist into a man who had been pointing an assault rifle at the back of Bucky’s head.
“What’s happening?” Bucky asked, pushing himself up to his knees. His body was vibrating, trying to regain warmth, and his head was still cloudy, his speech slurred.
T’Challa reached out and grabbed Bucky’s right arm, hauling him into a standing position. Bucky would have collapsed again if it weren’t for the other man holding him steady. “A lot is happening. We’re under attack, and we need to get you out,” T’Challa said.
The blast blew chunks of the wall closest to them across the room. On instinct, Bucky curled in on himself, his hand going to his head. His hand. Not hands. He could still feel the prosthetic even though it wasn’t there. Strange.
“What did I do?” Bucky asked, looking at the pool of blood and the body lying next to it.
“Nothing. You’ve been in cryo.”
“How long?”
T’Challa pulled Bucky away from the blood and through a doorway. There were screams in the corridor ahead. Screams and the sharp sound of gunfire. “Two years. Russia is…”
Three men rounded the corner, heading toward them. Bucky tensed, ready for a fight. T’Challa pointed at the men and barked out orders. They were his men. Oh. Bucky’s mind wasn’t moving fast enough to keep up. And he’d just realized he was naked. And so cold. “Russia?” he asked.
T’Challa grabbed a sheet off a piece of equipment and threw it at Bucky. “International crisis,” he said. “We’re at war with Russia.”
Oh. So it wasn’t about him after all. What the hell had happened in two years to bring Wakanda and Russia to war? He wanted to ask, but T’Challa shoved him at a tall man in tactical gear.
“Take him to the roof. They should be here in five minutes.I need to go help our people,” he told him the man.
Bucky stumbled forward and hit his shoulder against the wall. The door to the stairwell was only a few feet a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Angst with a Happy Ending
Suicidal Thoughts
Romance
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Masturbation
Foot Fetish

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

