Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Peter, I don’t like this.” Gamora touched Quill’s arm, speaking under her breath so Ego couldn’t hear her. Peter’s newfound father was standing at the entrance to his spaceship, smiling magnanimously. Gamora didn’t trust him one bit.Peter wasn’t really listening to her. He was distracted by the sight of Ego. “Gamora, look, even if he turns out to be kind of an ass, he’s my dad. I have to know what he’s like.”Gamora was fully aware she had trust issues, but that didn’t mean she was wrong. She didn’t trust enough and she tended to think Peter trusted too much. Normally, that made them a good pair, but she didn’t like this situation one bit.“Peter, I don’t want anyone to take advantage of your trust in them.” She could tell she wasn’t getting through to him.“You think I’m being an idiot.” He said.“No, I don’t think you’re an idiot, I just think you’ve wanted to know your father for years, and someone could take advantage of that.”“I appreciate your concern, really, but I’ll be fine. I’ll only be gone a few days.” Peter said, smiling brilliantly at her, clasping her hand, and then going to join his father.Watching him take off with the others, Gamora hoped he was right, but she couldn’t help the nerves coiling in her stomach.
 If there was a moment Peter regretted coming to his father’s planet alone, it was when he was strung up in the air by burning coils of light. It wasn’t so much the pain, but the horrifying sensation of being drained of every ounce of strength in him. He could feel his limbs getting heavy. When Ego first strung him up, he had been fighting back, but he didn’t have the strength anymore.Ego was standing below him, still talking about his plan but Peter had tuned him out. He was expending every ounce of effort on keeping his eyes open. After what felt like forever, Peter was completely drained. He hung limp from his bonds, the spike through his chest making it hard to breathe.Ego peered up at him and wrinkled his nose. “Shit. That drained you quicker than I thought.”With a snap of his fingers, the coils of light disappeared and Peter collapsed to the ground. He groaned, not even having the energy to roll over. Ego did the honors for him, pushing him onto his back with his foot. Peter’s vision swum in front of his eyes. His heart was pounding from the effort of being drained and he panted. Peter tried to get onto his elbows to scoot away from his father, but he didn’t have the energy.“Must be the human side of you.” Ego said with an audible note of contempt. Peter couldn’t believe he had been foolish enough to be taken in with him, if even for a little while. Ego stared down at him for a moment before coming to a decision. He clapped his hands and instantly brightened. “Well! Guess this is going to take longer than I thought. That’s all right. Gives us a chance to get in some good old father son bonding. I have a lot of time to catch up on.”Ego gave him a brilliant smile, and Peter mustered up all his available energy to wrinkle his face in disgust. He tried to tell Ego exactly what he thought of him, but he just couldn’t seem to catch his breath.“Honestly, Peter, this entire situation could have been so much easier. I wanted to do this as equals, but if you’re going to force me, I’ll have to put my foot down. I guess that’s also part of being a dad.”He snapped his fingers, and a shimmering object began to take shape across the room. Weakly, Peter turned his head to look. Originally a blue-white shimmering, the object darkened to dark grey as a sturdy cage took form, steel bars interlocking out of thin air. It was medium-sized, not big enough for Peter to stand up all the way or stretch full-out.Peter’s eyes widened and he redoubled his efforts to get away from Ego. He managed to roll over and started to crawl away, his frantic panting the only sound in the hall. Ego laughed behind him and strode over, grabbing the collar of Peter’s shirt and dragging him on hands and knees toward the cage.Peter grunted and tried to fight back, but Ego was too strong. He shoved Peter headfirst into the cage and slammed the door shut behind him. The heavy sound of a lock landed.Peter pushed himself into a sitting position and looked balefully up at his father. He had recovered enough by this time to extend Ego his middle finger. It felt a lot better than he was sure it looked.Ego laughed patronizingly. “See you in the morning, Peter.”The only thought in Peter’s head was escape, but as each second went by, he found it impossible to keep his eyes open. He was completely drained, and the brief burst of adrenaline passed. He found himself drifting off into the black within a minute.When he awoke later, he was still lying on his back in the cage. He opened his eyes and stared up at the ceiling. He was half-hoping he had eaten some horrible alien thing that had given him hallucinations, but no. He was still right where his father had left him.Groaning, Peter rolled over and sat up. Every m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Gamora/Peter Quill

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt Peter Quill
Ego's A+ Parenting
Team as Family
Protective Gamora (Marvel)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Gamora/Peter Quill

