Chapter 1: I
    


Notes:
Please enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The wind made the trees bend and bow, the lightning illuminating their path through the early night. Though their scout did not want to admit it they had most definitely taken the wrong path at the last crossing. The horses were uneasy, whinnying and neighing with every clap of thunder that seemed to shake the earth, and the soldiers were not much better off – something was wrong. Their eyes restlessly scanned the pitch black forest around them with their hands clasped around the reins or resting on the swords hanging from their hips, their instincts telling them to turn back; yet there was only one who noticed the movement in the shadows. “Thor.”  The golden-haired man followed his brother's glance and peered between the trees, until he spotted movement as well. It was their task to guide their men to safety, yet the odds were not in their favour. There was no option but to fight. “We're under attack!” An arrow shot past and hit one of the guards in the shoulder, the toxins immediately finding their way into his systems. The howling wind stifled the cries of men who met a similar fate as their friends slashed at the invisible enemy and tried not to get thrown off their stallions; but it was of no use – they were losing. Suddenly a bright light washed over them, the source not lightning but magic; which was enough to blind the attackers and to return the advantage to the soldiers - who made good use of it. Swords slashed through enemy flesh and dyed the road a deep crimson red, lifeless bodies falling to the ground only to be trampled underneath rearing horses, and the soldiers regained their hope.Until it went dark again. “Loki, are you all right?” Thor's loud voice boomed through the darkness, but no answer came. “Loki!” The light returned - weaker this time - and his eyes quickly found his brother still atop his horse, yet gravely injured. Still his face showed no signs of pain and his voice did not quiver once as he roared the words over the sound of the pouring rain. “We cannot win this fight!” He lifted his hand, slender fingers aimed at the white-flashing sky. “Head east!”A wall of green fire erupted from the ground which startled the attackers,  and which gave the soldiers the chance to make their escape. __ It had been quiet today, partly due to the storm; and you used the spare time to clean the place up a bit. Books on herbs and weeds were put back on the correct shelves, the two oaken tables were scrubbed until they were devoid of any dust or dirt, the dark wooden floorboards were swept spotless, and empty bottles were cleaned and put away in the right places so that they were ready to use the next time you needed them.
You took a moment to rest, leaning down on the counter and appreciating the shop. You had been running it for a couple of years now and, to your delight, the popularity had grown exponentially since the owners had allowed you to take over – many even recognised you on the streets, whether they visited regularly or not. You took their compliments and stories of complication-less healing to heart, and you were always glad to hear how they liked the new look of the building.After the renovations it was now possible for customers to take a seat on one of the benches placed against the wall, accompanied by the two knee-high tables that were adorned with one potted plant each, and you had been able to increase the space for storage by building cabinets and drawers into the counter. In addition there were the bookcases that lined the wall behind you, where you had neatly arranged the books according to their contents and filled other shelves with jars that contained plants, berries, herbs or spices – all with different properties that you knew by heart. Underneath the shelves were drawers of different sizes that could be locked, and which contained medicinal pills, salves, potions, or powders that were ready to use. You grew some herbs in the sills of the arched windows and on every other unoccupied surface, the flowers and healthy greens bringing colour and liveliness to the room and filling the air with a gentle aroma.
The stairs in the back twisted to the second floor, where three bedrooms were situated, and in the wall underneath it was a door that led to the dormitory; which was filled with beds for those who needed to be tended to for a longer period of time and stools for those who came to visit them.
The entrance to the kitchen had been moved, simply by turning the old one into a wall and creating a new door in between two of the bookcases behind the counter, as there had been incidents where visitors had tried to cook something for their bed-bound family members and had nearly set the place on fire. Sadly, not all villagers of Blacktree had been blessed with intelligence. You liked living here, though. The surrounding mountains offered safety from ong
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
LokiXReader - Relationship
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki & Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

freeform: 
AU
Alternate Universe
Asgard
warning for blood
there is sexual tension in almost every fucking chapter im not even kidding
Royalty
thor is a good guy
he's a bro
loki is also a good guy
but he acts like an arse sometimes
reader is female
Angst
Fluff
warning for violence
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Slow Burn
Like really slow
Adventure & Romance
Friendship
Eventual Smut
Plot
Character Development
Teasing/flirting
Hurt/Comfort
Some still dont seem to realise it but
This is the slowest of slow burns
prepare yourself
there's gonna be gore at some point
also angst

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
LokiXReader - Relationship
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki & Reader
Loki (Marvel) & Reader

