Work Text:
orbiter dictum: said by the way Steve is at the sink, washing the few dishes that pizza for two generates, when he realizes that Tony is in love with him. Hands half in the now-dirty water, one holding a sponge, the other desperately holding onto a plate; Steve freezes, for the moment completely unable to get past this thought.Tony is in love with him.The man in question is behind him, tapping quietly on his laptop; sitting at Steve's kitchen table, as if there aren't a dozen meetings with product designers, marketers and four-star generals he should be attending.Steve stares resolutely at the plate, between his frozen hands, but he can still see Tony - the line of back, his eyes green in the glow from his computer, the tomato sauce at the corner of his mouth that Steve hadn't bothered to tell him about. And probably won't, because it's more fun to wait for Tony to discover it himself, and flash that look of pure wounded vanity at Steve.Steve loves that look. How it's soft and dangerous at once; how Tony pouts like a thwarted child, and his eyes go dark and narrow.Steve's hands want to clench hard around the plate and the sponge, but he relaxes and very deliberately, sets them down in the water. He'd bent a few army-issue tin cups and some cutlery, before he'd learned the limits of his new strength. Even now, years - decades - later, his body could surprise him. Along with so many other things.Steve rests his forehead against the cupboards, and his wet hands on the counter by the sink. Behind him, the tapping stops. For a moment the kitchen is all but silent - would be, if not for the faint city sounds from outside."You're dripping."Steve doesn't have anything to say to this. He finds that whatever his mouth could have found to say, without the involvement of his frozen brain, is caught in his throat.  Because although the majority of Steve's brain is still examining his big discovery, another is dealing with the sudden influx of the really dirty pictures that Tony's words conjure.A flush races over his face and down his neck. Not from embarrassment but Steve is still glad to have his back to Tony. He's a little appalled that he's jumped so quickly from Tony-is-in-love-with-me to sex, but only a little, because it's not as if he hasn't been getting off to Tony's eyes - Tony's hands, his lips - for months. It's not as he hasn't wanted him, guiltily, for longer than that.The shriek of the chair scraping across the kitchen floor is loud. Steve jumps, glad that he's got his back to Tony. What isn't loud is Tony padding towards him in socked feet. He isn't quite ninja-quiet, but he's getting there. Steve tracks every footstep, gauging Tony's progress as best he can, trying to get the theme to Jaws out of his head. It shouldn't be a surprise when Tony's voice comes from right behind him. Somehow, senses concentrated as a peak human's can be, it still is. He doesn't startle visibly, but his hair stands on end and he feels Tony's arrival, like something shifts inside of him."Are you ok?"Tony sounds worried, but not willing to admit it- the kind of removed concern you put on, in order to conceal your deeper worry. Just like he had when he showed up on Steve's doorstep, gourmet pizza in hand, fresh from a transatlantic flight. Crossing half the world, abandoning an overseas business meeting, to hang out in Steve's barely furnished loft. To sit on the floor, because Steve doesn't have chairs yet, aside from the ones in the kitchen, at the living room table, eating pizza and talking. As if they were just a couple of friends, like any other friends, enjoying a quiet night together.Clint always had to have the game on, and at least a six pack of beer to work through. Sam though, was a radio man, like Bucky. Steve imagined Bucky's probably horrified reaction to the kinds of things Sam considered great music. At least, that's how the Bucky he'd known would have reacted. Who knows what he would think now, does think, somewhere?The bitterness that shoots through him at that thought has nowhere to go. What is there left to say? So it just stays inside him, fresh fuel for the thing that's been growing, despite his efforts, since he found out Bucky hadn't died. That Steve had been waking up - not every night, but enough - because he couldn't stop dreaming of the explosion, for years now. For nothing. Because there were other, worse things he should have had nightmares about.Tony's hand, warm on his shoulder, brings him back. Steve turns to him. Tony's face is close and wide open."Steve?""I..."Tony looks worried. Beyond that Steve doesn't know what he's thinking. Does he know that Steve knows? Knows and feels the same? He can feel the already comfortable heat of Tony's body from here.Steve's grateful that at some point, they'd learned how to just be together, that he can stand here, silent in the presence of this man - not have to say anything, and Tony will still try to be with him. He's grateful he doesn't have to sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

