Work Text:






I thought once how Theocritus had sung
Of the sweet years, the dear and wished-for years,
Who each one in a gracious hand appears
To bear a gift for mortals, old or young:
And, as I mused it in his antique tongue,
I saw, in gradual vision through my tears,
The sweet, sad years, the melancholy years. From Sonnet 1, Elizabeth Barrett Browning “Is it working?” asks Peggy. “I don’t think it’s working.”Howard shushes her. “It’s working,” Steve insists through his teeth.They hunker down behind the truck to listen. Their breath steams out in cotton-wool puffs, their fingers turning to icicles in their gloves. Peggy didn’t think it would still be so cold south of the Alps. She can hear the Hydra guards shouting and running, and beneath that, the source of their panic: the distant tramp of marching feet, and the rumble of many tanks, as if a great army were approaching. The sound effects are frighteningly realistic. She has to give Howard that. If she hadn’t watched him in the studio, and helped lug the speakers ten miles from their dropoff point in Azzano on her own back, she’d think Colonel Phillips was descending on the base in person.As it is, Schmidt’s guards are abandoning their posts and rushing to meet the phantom Allied attack, just as Steve planned. Not as planned, the sentries on this side of the camp don’t seem to be going anywhere. “All right, Plan B,” says Peggy. “Steve, you stay here with the equipment. At the count of three, me and Howard are going to launch ourselves out from behind this truck and go punch some Nazis.”“Why do I have to stay behind?” Steve demands.“Why do I have to punch Nazis?” asks Howard. “You said I wouldn’t have to punch anyone. We agreed I was the brains, you were the brawn, and Beansprout over here was the—”Steve stares him down. He’s all angles and elbows, violent shadows pooling in the hollows of his face. A thought slips uninvited into Peggy’s mind: The heart. “The paintbrush,” Howard finishes helplessly. “Anyway, there’s gotta be twelve of them at least. Even you can’t punch them all, Carter.”“Want to bet?” “Plan C,” says Steve, loud enough to cut off the imminent argument. “We’ll blow up the tank, set off a few flares to make it look like we have real artillery, and then we’ll all sneak round them while they’re shooting at shadows and get them from behind.” Peggy is mostly baffled by Steve’s unit—the 23rd, though nobody ever calls them anything other than the Ghost Army—but she knows this: when one of them says blow up the tank, they mean it literally. As in blowing up one of their trusty inflatable M4 Shermans, with lungs and windpipes if no other equipment is available, and leaving it somewhere half-concealed for the enemy to spot. It’s clever, even if Peggy does prefer to blow things up in the more detonative sense. She exchanges a look with Howard. “I can think of eight different problems with that plan,” he says. “Fourteen,” she says. “Let’s do it.” Steve is already pulling a bicycle pump from his rucksack. Uninflated, the dummy Sherman is an unwieldy mass of canvas and rubber tubing that probably outweighs him, though not by much. They take turns pumping as quietly as they can. Steve’s face glistens with sweat, his brows drawn together in a look of ferocious concentration. It is a look that could lift mountains and part seas, and in that moment—miles deep in enemy territory with two semi-trained men and a bagful of props—Peggy will swear on her life that they are going to come away victorious with the liberated POWs of the 107th, the Hydra base a smoking ruin behind them.Howard nudges her, and she glances away, embarrassed to be caught staring. But he’s too busy looking at Steve himself to notice. “Do we know why he’s doing this?” he murmurs. “I thought he was a camo artist. Not—” He waves a hand at the fast-forming shape of the dummy tank. “Whatever the hell you call this.” Peggy shrugs. She is always careful, talking about Steve. They have so much in common that it’s easy to assume she understands him inside and out, to forget that she’s only known him for a few weeks. Time is strange in war, anyway; hours feel like months, years like days. “Intel suggests there are two hundred and one Allied soldiers held prisoner in that camp, subject to torture and hard labour. If he didn’t do it, Howard, I would.” “Yeah,” says Howard. “But I’m getting the feeling our friend Paintbrush here is doing it for the one, not the two hundred, if you know what I mean.”Peggy thinks of the pale, drawn faces of the survivors from the 107th, of Steve sprinting across camp in the pouring rain to burst into the Colonel’s office. Barnes, sir. B-A-R— “Yes,” she says. “I know.”It takes them twenty minutes to get the tank fully inflated. It retains a suspicious lumpiness, and probably wouldn’t fool anyone in broad daylight, but the night is frigid and moonless—as wretched as the grey day that preceded it—and darkness and confusion will work for them. “Help me move it over there,”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Illustrated
Minor Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

