Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
 
Chapter One

 

“Well, this is a surprise.” Loki looked towards Thor with a mischievous smile. It was almost as if nothing out of the norm had ever occurred, as if it were the Loki of old looking back at him. There was an undeniable sense of darkness to those green eyes, but they held a focus and determination that had yet to be broken down and melted away. They held anger and pain, emotions that had been with Loki for as long as anyone could remember. The only change was the slight tiredness to them that signalled something – whatever that may be – had broken. Loki had lost the most important thing to him: his pride. The silver-tongued, Machiavellian man had been arguably manipulated and brainwashed into actions that were against his will. Thor still debated the truth to this claim. The one gift Loki cherished above all else – the one thing that he could trulycall his own – had been taken from him. It had been a cruel blow to his ego. How often was an Asgardian prince threatened into submission? Not only that, but he had lost the love of their father, the one person to whom all this had been for . . . fears of abandonment realised, the suspicions of rejection actualised . . . did he even realise that he had been the one to make his worst fears come true? It had not been entirely his brother’s fault, but the initial wanton attempt at genocide of the Jotun race had been his conscious decision, it had not been the choice or influence of any other mind but his own. The sceptre also only magnified emotions, it couldn’t create them, and so his feelings of anger and violence had been there from the start. The question was whether he was made that way by the feelings of inadequacy or born that way due to his race. Had their father created this man before him or was it this man’s blood that made him nothing but a monster? “Look who has dared to deign me with his presence.” “This isn’t a game, Loki!” “No? Then enlighten me. What is it? It seems to me that you – Thor Odinson – have played one spectacular game. You fought with your men in a team, you stood up against your opponent fearlessly, and now you have captured the king piece. The problem is, no one ever stops to think what happens to the captured king when the game is at an end. What ever will you do with me?” It was true that he had been captured. He had stood tall as a king and fallen as a man, but he was gracious in his defeat. Thor had thought their father would be proud, that his son had taken defeat like a true hero, but it seemed he would rather have that Loki had died upon the battlefield. The man before him no longer looked a king at all. He was regal, yes, but he was a man both lost and yet found, a man imprisoned in what had once been his home. He lived for one reason only: Frigga. Frigga alone had defended her son.  It seemed that Loki did not care. He sat upon the length of the bench inside his cell with an all too casual look, with legs spread and hands clasped lazily in his lap. His back was slouched, and his hair was now a mess and loose, no longer slicked back, and the power and passion of his facial expressions had been washed away with defeat. Thor stood before him tall and wondered who his brother had become. This was the man who had once owned three sets of decorated armour for every set of Thor’s, the man who would pride himself on his appearance to the point of adopting local attire even when he was invisible to the locals, and yet here he was: defeated. “You are no king!” Thor cried. “You are the man who merely borrowed the throne of and twisted it to suit his purpose! The only true king is our father, Odin Borson, the Allfather! You will show him respect!” “He? A king? You never used to be the funny one, Thor.” “I mean it, Loki, you will not disrespect our father! It was he who grieved the most when you were gone. The mourning period nearly sent him back into the Odinsleep, and the celebratory feasts for your wake were dimmed by the sadness in his eyes. He told the most stories of your escapades, and yet every word from his mouth was filled with pain. He loved you . . . perhaps most of all.” “He never loved me! He admitted as much once you were gone! I was nothing but a pawn; I was a thing that was meant only to further his political agenda! I was worthless to one father and a tool to another!” “That is a lie! He loved you, he saw you as a beacon of hope!” “The old fool saw me as nothing but a beast!” Loki stood tall and came before Thor. He was clearly unafraid of his elder brother; he knew that the older man’s love would prevent him from harming Loki in any way other than what was necessary. They had come to blows whilst growing up, with sometimes Loki winning by trickery and sometimes Thor winning by sheer force, but neither would fight now. Thor was only allowed into his brother’s cell by the kindness of their father, and the slightest hint of violence would result in a rescindment of suc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Mpreg
Forced Marriage
Romance
Angst
Dubious Consent
War
Politics
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

