Chapter 1



Notes:
lokidreamsinbw made an awesome photo montage for chapter one! It's so fabulous, thank you darling!







Chapter Text
Loki had no excuse. 
He shouldn’t have been in Thor’s room in the first place and he definitely shouldn’t have been looking through his drawers and he absolutely positively shouldn’t have opened the notebook he found in there and no way in hell should he have read even one page of it let alone all of it.
Nope, Loki had no excuse and not even really a good reason except that his brother had been annoying him lately and he was a nosy asshole.
Thor was at lacrosse practice, gone for at least the next hour, so Loki plopped right down on his bed and gleefully opened to the last page.
VV looked so beautiful today, he read in Thor’s chicken scratch handwriting, and was in such a good mood. It made my heart ache. Loki wrinkled his nose in distaste. Thor was writing about girls? And in such a cheesy way? It was faintly nauseating. Undeterred however, he pressed on, reading backwards chronologically.
VV laughed at one of my jokes today. Jesus, was the entire thing about this “VV” chick? I love the way his voice sounds when he laughs and I love being the reason for it. He doesn’t laugh nearly enough. Oh, this was more interesting. VV was a guy. Loki blinked down at the page for a moment. Thor had had girlfriends before, none since he had started community college, but Jane in high school had been more than just a fling. He’d had no idea that Thor was interested in guys too. Well well.
He flipped backwards through a few more pages, mostly boring day-to-day shit, a few pathetic attempts at love poetry - eyes like stars, lips like rose petals, forbidden love. Barf.
Sometimes I see VV bending over and I just want to grab that tight little ass and fuck him into next week. It makes me feel so guilty. I can’t stop thinking about it though. I don’t want to stop thinking about it is the bigger problem. Oh ho ho, that was a bit spicier. Loki wondered if he could figure out who this VV person was. Were they initials? What dude names started with V? Victor? Valentine? Uh…

I can never tell him. He can never know. Sometimes I feel like I might explode with this secret but so far I don’t think he suspects anything.

Why all the angst, Thor? Why not just let this dude know that he was into him? Maybe VV was taken. Or maybe he wasn’t gay. Loki guessed it would be pretty awful to have a crush on someone who would never be into you that way.
He knew he should stop reading. He wasn’t really getting any actual dirt. He didn’t care that Thor liked guys. Hell, he liked guys too. Sorry mom, guess you aren’t getting all those grandkids you probably want…
But then he thought of how irritating Thor had been lately.  How he had started community college and suddenly gone from being Loki’s best friend to basically avoiding him as much as possible without so much as an explanation. If they’d had an argument it might be understandable - Lord knows they’d had their share of knock-down drag-out fights - but there had been nothing. Just one day Thor was there and the next he wasn’t. And damned if Loki wasn’t going to find out why.
Maybe it was VV’s fault. Thor had probably met VV at school and maybe now that he had someone to focus his attention on he didn’t have enough to spare for his annoying little brother. The thought made Loki seethe.
So he kept reading.

VV came downstairs today for breakfast in his tight ass ballet leggings and I nearly had a stroke.

Wait.
Hold the fuck up.
Hold. The fuck. Up.
Record scratch. Freeze frame.


VV came downstairs today for breakfast in his tight ass ballet leggings and I nearly had a stroke.


Loki looked down at what he was wearing - his clothes for dance practice later - a slim fitting v-neck t-shirt and leggings that could only accurately be described as “tight ass.”
Where else could Thor be watching people come downstairs for breakfast in ballet leggings except right here at home.
Holy shit.
No wonder that fucker was so angsty.
VV was Loki.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Sif/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Diary/Journal
Snooping
a lot of fucking swearing
loki is a terrible terrible tease
Sibling Incest
Pining
ballet dancer loki
lacrosse player thor
Alternate Universe - Human
Size Kink
Angst and Fluff and Smut
loki's brain is a bag of cats
seriously
Slow Burn
Non-Graphic Violence
Falling In Love
Denial of Feelings
Feelings Realization
Halloween Costumes
the tiniest bit of frostiron
Anal Sex
Crying During Sex
Body Worship
Jealousy
brief mention of suicidal thoughts
Very brief but just wanna be safe
Cheating
Underage Drinking
Love Confessions
First Time
soap opera levels of drama
Angst with a Happy Ending
extended dance metaphors
Coming Untouched

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Sif/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

