Work Text:
The storm arrived in the time it took Charles to slip into his office, gather the papers he’d forgotten, check his email on his computer, and make sure everything was shut down and filed away properly before he left. He made it halfway out of the building before having to turn back because he’d forgotten his keys on his desk, and by the time he came to the front doors, the world outside was blurred in a flurry of white.He saw in an instant that this wasn’t going to be a lazy, pleasant sprinkle of snow that left just enough on the sidewalks for his shoes to make impressions. The wind outside howled audibly, whipping snow through the air to create a whirling screen that made it impossible to see ten feet away, and from the looks of it, the road was already blanketed in white. One lonely car, visible only by the dim glow of its headlights, trundled slowly around the corner and disappeared.Charles stopped by the doors and shivered, the cold from outside radiating in from the glass of the windows and seeping through the thin layer of his jeans. Damn. It was only a fifteen-minute walk from his apartment to the university and the sun had been shining warmly earlier, so he hadn’t bothered to bring his winter coat or gloves. He didn’t even have his scarf, which left him only in the tattered Christmas sweater that he broke out every December and his jeans and sneakers. He’d even checked the forecast beforehand, wary of the overhanging clouds that had been lingering for a couple of days, and there had been a mere 10% chance of precipitation. The weather app, he decided as he stared out into the blurred white void of the outdoors, was absolute rubbish.After a moment, he cast out a mental net, hoping to find someone familiar from whom he could solicit a ride. He looked for Moira or Jean, or maybe even Scott, who sometimes hung out here on the weekends in increasingly obvious attempts at catching Jean’s eye. One of these days, Charles was going to take pity on him and simply tell him that Jean took fifteen extra minutes loitering in the faculty lounge every Tuesday and Thursday because she knew Scott took his lunch break later than she did, and that she had been patiently waiting for him to ask her out since September. But it was awfully entertaining to watch Scott, who was normally so brash and confident, blunder around like an ungainly foal. Besides, Charles figured that Jean wouldn’t appreciate any external help. She seemed to be enjoying the long game after all.He had no luck in locating any familiar minds nearby. In fact, the building was almost completely empty, save for him and a couple of janitors on the second floor closing up for the night. Evidently everyone else had gotten the weather memo and made the executive decision to stay home. Fantastic.He put his hand on the metal door handle and hissed at the burning cold. Well, he couldn’t stay here if the building was being locked up for the night. Raven was at her Christmas party, and he didn’t want her driving in this sort of visibility anyway. Plus, his apartment was only fifteen minutes away. Maybe twelve if he sprinted.After making sure his satchel was buckled securely, he took a breath, pushed open the door, and was nearly tossed straight back by the pummeling wind. Gritting his teeth, he slogged out into the first few inches of snow, his sneakers soaking almost instantly. It took a minute to get the door closed again, and by the time he’d managed it, his teeth were chattering and he wasn’t sure he could feel his fingers. Oh, he was going to spend the week before Christmas in the hospital with frostbite, he just knew it. He could taste the hospital Jell-O already.Running through the snow with sneakers was a struggle in and of itself, and that combined with the chilling wind that hurled stinging snowflakes into his face made him heartily regret his decision to even get out of bed this morning. Damn finals deadlines. If he hadn’t needed to have grades entered by Monday afternoon, he’d never have gone back to get them so late on a Friday night.At the end of the street, he skidded on ice and nearly slammed face-first into the brick corner of the building. Only his feet tangling up on a branch hidden underneath the snowfall saved him from a broken nose, pitching him sideways into the snow drift by the sidewalk, his flailing arms catching nothing but air as he tried to break his fall. The whump as he hit the snow and sank in nearly six inches muffled the roaring wind, and for a moment as he lay half-buried on the side of the road, the world outside quieted. He could just lie here, he considered. They’d find his body in the morning when the snow plows came through and notified the proper authorities. He might be a corpse and Raven might kill him and he might actually have to give his mother the satisfaction of seeing him die in this horrid sweater of his like she always said he would because he refused to wear ‘real winter clothing,’ but at least he would
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Snowed In
Reunions
High School Enemies
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

