Work Text:
"JARVIS," Tony said automatically, not fully awake yet. "What time is it?" No answer."JARVIS?"Tony sat up and instantly regretted it, his head swimming and a dull, throbbing pain radiating from the back of his skull."What the fu - " He stopped, taking in his surroundings for the first time. The last thing he remembered was working in the shop, spread out on the floor with new schematics for a new repulsor. He had been trying to up the output by 30% for weeks and had decided to spread it all out and take it apart and put it back together again to see if that worked. He had assumed he fell asleep on the floor, it having been 30-odd hours since he had come out of the shop.He was not in the shop now.It was dark, but looking around Tony could make out four walls, a door with no handle, a table and a large window - interrogation room style. He had been laying on the floor next to the table - what looked like steel - and hauled himself up with it now."Hello?" He asked to the empty room, and brought a hand up to his head. He felt like his brain was too big for his skull, and it was going to split open. Whoever had put him in here had drugged him up something fierce."Hey! I'm awake now, come give me your demands!" He had obviously been kidnapped - well, hopefully kidnapped because Tony was having trouble making up any other scenario that explained all this. He stood up completely, slowly, as to not make his head explode again, and walked over to the door."Tony-fuckin-Stark here, at your service! Let me out now!" He banged on the door with his fist, and though the noise hurt his head, keep banging until his hand hurt."Fuck," he said, and rested his head against the cool door. He stayed there for a minute, and then his eyes flicked over to the window. It looked just like the one way mirrors in the TV shows, big and reflective. He moved over towards it and crossed his arms, standing in front of it."I know there is someone or someTHING back there, and you stuffed me in here, and you're doing a really shitty job of the whole kidnapper thing because you're not threatening me or anything."There was no response."HELLO!" Tony yelled, and smacked his hand against the glass. He lifted a foot up to kick it, and kept kicking and kicking until his leg got tired and he had to stop. He took a step back and ended up leaning against the table, staring at the glass, unbroken."Shit."Tony walked around the room, scanning for anything that would give him a clue as to where he was - or get him out. It was impossible to see, though, because there was basically no light coming from the single bulb in the middle of the ceiling. It just made the room look dusty. With nothing else to do, Tony started dragging the table around the room, feeling all over the room and up the walls and across the ceiling, trying to find a weak spot._=_=_=_"Captain Rogers, I am sorry to wake you sir, but there is an emergency."Steve blinked a few times, registering JARVIS' voice and the lights slowly coming up in his room."Emergency? What emergency.""Mr. Stark has been forcibly taken from the building and drugged, and has presumably been kidnapped.""What?!" Steve shouted, throwing the blanket off of him and shooting upright. "JARVIS, how did they get in? Why didn't you wake me sooner?""I apologize, Captain, but my security protocols were overridden and my system was temporarily frozen. I had to do a full reboot in order to function properly and that process takes approximately thirty minutes. I woke you as soon as I was able.""Okay, thank you, JARVIS - have you woken anyone else yet?" Steve said, his voice muffled by the shirt he was pulling over his head."Yes, captain - I have woken the whole team, and Agent Romanov is on her way to your location."Steve almost tripped over himself trying to find his uniform pants, he was moving so fast, and there was a knock on the door shortly after."Yeah!" Steve shouted, and Natasha stepped inside."Did you - " Steve started, but then Natasha started talking over him, her face expressionless, as it usually was in a crisis."I looked over the security footage - three big guys, some sort of military. All wearing masks. Not too smart though, they were pretty sloppy. Probably left evidence all over Tony's shop. Left the gun they shot him with - ""GUN?!" Steve shouted, spinning around to face her." - and the dart, which was probably full of tranquilizers." She raised an eyebrow and Steve exhaled, calming himself down. Tranquilizer, not bullet. Good. Okay."I have JARVIS scanning for DNA traces left behind that could help identify who they were, and he's also running a sweep online to see if he can pick out the symbol one of them had on his jacket.""I was just out front, they were in a van and we can use security footage to pick up a license plate," Clint said, stepping into place beside Natasha."There was something in the shop," Bruce said quietly, appearing from behind the two assassins. Steve's heart jumped up in his chest."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Angst
Pining
Revelation
Getting Together
bad guy
Kidnapping
Torture
Implied Torture
Implied Relationships
Sarcasm
Sass
Truth Serum
Tony Feels
Protective Steve
Smut
Sexual Content
Pet Names
Broken Bones
Hurt Tony
Injured Tony
Video
Confession
distraction
Love
Secrets
Idiots in Love

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

