Chapter 1: What do you want?
    




Chapter Text
“Peter.” You looked at your side when the Spider-boy entered the car. “You are late.”“One of the guys was following me.” He explained. “You know no one can see me with you.”“Apology accepted.” You said before start driving.Different from you, Peter still kept the fact that he was an Avenger in secret. Being Tony Stark’s daughter, you couldn’t actually hide your identity, and just played along with your role and everyone knew who you truly were when you were in the field.“How was class?” You smirked.“Boring.”You weren’t in school anymore. At 19 years of age, you were finishing your degree on M.I.T., as you left school much earlier than anyone else you knew.“Are the guys back from their mission yet?” He asked at the end of the short ride to the tower.“Yeah, this morning.” You the car. “I think dad wants to talk to you.”He nodded quickly.“So, did you make a move on him yet?” He whispered to you with a wicked smile as you waited for the elevator.“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” You looked away.“Well, I’m sure you know woo I’m talking about.” He scoffed. “I mean Captain…”“Shut up.” You pushed him inside the elevator.Peter laughed out loud.You had a huge crush on Steve Rogers. A huge, huge crush. Every time he walked into a room, you couldn’t help but have hundreds of dirty thoughts about him that made your nipples hard and panties wet.“What would he think if he found your fanfiction?” He winked.“Fuck you, Parker.” You slapped his arm. “I will never tell you any secrets anymore.”The door to the floor opened,and your father was the first one you saw when you entered.“Look, Y/N and Peter.” Scott looked up at you too. “When are you two assuming the relationship? We are tired of seeing you pretend.”You rolled your eyes at her. The whole team seemed to 'ship' you with the newest member of the team.“You guys are a pain in the ass sometimes.” You looked at him.“You two would look good together.” Natasha sat down on the couch. “Right Tony?”You rolled your eyes and bitch-faced your dad, waiting for him to disagree.“Well, she is right.”“So, you will help me pay for his formula and diapers, dad?”They all laughed out loud and Peter blushed.“Oh, yeah, miss 30 years old.” He rolled his eyes.“Fuck you, boy.” You laughed, and left to your room, you had too much homework to finish.  

 
  
It was late night when you left your room, sleepy and wearing nothing but a thin white shirt and the pair of your favourite underwear.You were tired, but had finally managed to finish your essay, and was now going for a late night snack.“Me and Peter…” You scoffed while trying to reach a higher shelf. Being Tony’s daughter, you weren’t exactly tall. “They must be crazy. Give him more decades and then we can try and talk.”You jumped in surprise when a hot hard body pressed against yours, and Steve reached out for the shelf for you.“Is this what you want?” He asked in a low whisper, holding the cereal box.You swallowed down when you realised how his bulge was pressed against your crotch, and he wasn’t exactly soft.“No.” You gasped. “I…”Steve moved his body for a moment, rubbing himself against you, making you gasp.“What about this?” He showed you the bread.“No.”Moving again, his arm grabbed the next box and his now fully hard cock rubbed against your now wet panties.“What do you want?” He asked darkly.Before you could even think, you pressed your hips against his, letting out an embarrassing moan.“Captain.” You let out.“Maybe...” He put both his hands on your hips and pushed forward. “Maybe you want this.”Your head fell on the counter before you, and you moaned again.“Yes.”He moved slowly and steady, full of control, and all you could do was moan while his fingers let marks on your skin and the fabric of your underwear wettened more and more.“Always teasing me, Y/N.” He whispered against your neck, licking your skin. “You really think I don’t know what you want? You think I don’t know you crave for my cock inside your tight young cunt? Bet you never had a cock that big inside you.”You closed your eyes, too worked up and too close to orgasm to say anything.When you let out a louder moan, he put his hand over your mouth.“Shh,” Steve whispered in your ear. “You don’t want anyone finding us here, do you?”You shook your head as he humped his cock harder against you.“Please.” You cried against his hand.“You gonna cum already?” He asked in a fake surprised tone. “What a little slut.”You let out an exclamation with another moan.“Captain.”“Go on, naughty girl.” He moved his hips and rubbed his cock on your underwear covered clit with more intensity. “Cum for me.”Seconds later, you came with a long and throaty groan, trembling against him while trying to keep yourself silent, and Steve kept humping you until you came down, kissing your neck softly and walking away.You panted, lied on the counter.What the fuck had just happened?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Dry Humping
Grinding
Smut
Best friend Peter
Parent Tony Stark
Age Difference
Captain kink
Steve Rogers-centric
Dominatn Steve Rogers
Rough Sex
Steve Calls You Naughty Girl
College Student Reader
Protective Tony Stark
Vaginal Fingering
Semi-public masturbation
Hits of Praise Kink
Begging
Dirty Talk
Steve talks dirty
Sex
Vaginal Sex
Possessive Steve
Possessive Steve Rogers
Pillow Talk

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader

