Work Text:
It’s already dark by the time Bucky unlocks the front door and stumbles in. He’s bone-deep exhausted and his hair smells like a bonfire, but he can see Steve’s bare feet sticking out from behind the back of the couch, and it makes something warm bloom in his chest.It’s not rare that Steve’s made it back before him, but Bucky relishes it every single time anyway, knowing how much Steve used to hate the debriefs; meetings where all he used to hear were stats of dead and injured and property damage, never a grateful word for doing the right thing.Steve’s already showered and changed into sweats and a tank top, his hair still sticking up in cowlicks. When Bucky drags himself to the couch, still in his uniform with soot on his face, Steve takes one look at him in the soft glow of the living room lamp and opens his arms.Bucky drops the shield on the floor and crawls over Steve’s legs to collapse on top of him, tucks his face under Steve’s chin and exhales. “Jesus fucking Christ.”“Tell me about it,” Steve says softly, pushing his fingers into Bucky’s hair and working the hair tie off. Bucky’s scalp feels hypersensitive and aching, maybe from the pull of his hair under the helmet, and the relief of losing the hair tie is so palpable that he almost whines.“How many?” Bucky murmurs. His eyelids feel like lead, and he closes his eyes, inhales the clean smell of Steve’s skin. Sometimes he wishes they could always stay like this: Steve getting to sit back while Bucky goes and makes amends for all the blood on his hands. But Steve’s stubborn to the marrow of his bones, and Bucky knows that Steve would never retire if Bucky kept going out to earn redemption one catastrophe at a time.“Fifteen,” Steve replies quietly. “Just fifteen this time.”Steve’s hands slide slowly up Bucky’s back until he can unclasp the shield harness and reach the zipper of Bucky’s suit. Bucky lets himself go boneless, lets Steve manhandle him until the harness is on the floor and Steve’s peeled the upper half of the suit off, leaving Bucky in his damp workout shirt, smelling sharply of sweat. Steve wraps his arms around Bucky’s waist as soon as the suit is pushed down to his hips, and the hug is tight and welcomed.“Fifteen, huh,” Bucky slurs, feeling off-kilter, half tired and yet half strung up on leftover adrenaline.Just fifteen thugs dead or incapacitated by operative Captain Rogers on the rooftops and back alleys, clearing the way for the PR nightmare that is Bucky’s team. That’s not much, statistically speaking; Steve can do a lot of damage in a very short time if he’s given the chance.“You’re getting slow, old man,” Bucky mumbles, and Steve lets out a breathy chuckle, tries to tickle Bucky’s side a little. Bucky very carefully knees him in the groin, just enough to make him let out a weird combination of exasperated groan and laugh.They lie like that for a while, Steve’s fingers digging absently into the stiff knots around Bucky’s spine.“Captain America saved the day, huh,” Steve remarks in a carefully nonchalant but dry tone.“Yeah,” Bucky says in the same tone. “Didn’t you hear? The great American hero. Only seven civilian lives lost.”Steve huffs out a small, wry laugh and nudges Bucky’s head with his chin until Bucky lifts his heavy head and tilts his face up into a kiss. The angle is awkward, but kissing Steve finally unlocks the last of the rigid stance Bucky’s been holding since he left home that morning in his suit. He kisses Steve again, slow and grateful, before curling up a little to fit better against Steve’s side, half-wedged between Steve and the couch. Steve noses his hair and presses a kiss there, shifting to better accommodate Bucky’s broad shoulders and narrow hips.“You should shower, doll,” Steve says softly into Bucky’s hair, and Bucky inhales, exhales, inhales again.“Five more minutes,” he mumbles, head nested on the curve of Steve’s collarbone. “I’m just. I’m just really tired.”“Yeah,” Steve sighs, and kisses his brow. “I know. You’re a good egg, Buck. Five more minutes.”Bucky gets almost ten.**Sometimes-- sometimes the shield is a burden.Bucky wasn’t born to be a leader. In the war, he’d been convinced otherwise when he’d been promoted to a Sergeant - but being a leader had quickly gained a bitter, foul taste in the Kreischberg factory. The Nazis called him mockingly  Der kleine Führer  and liked how efficiently he could organize the factory shifts for the allied POWs. Keeping his men safe meant faking a confident grin and kissing Nazi ass, and that alone had made Bucky want to rip off his insignia and burn it.In retrospect, it definitely wasn’t a hardship to give up his leadership position for Steve as soon as they were rescued, and not only because Bucky was still a little unsteady on his feet.Sometimes Bucky still wonders if stepping up to replace Steve as Captain America was a good idea. It gives Steve a chance to do what he wants without the restrictions of the public image, and Bucky a chance to make some a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes as Captain America
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Canon-Typical Violence
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Porn with Feelings
Body Worship
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Cuddling & Snuggling
Tired Old Men In Need Of A Break
Captain America Reverse Big Bang 2017
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

