Work Text:
Steve was lying awake.



He should be happy. He should be glad that Bucky was back here, alive and well. But he couldn’t help it. The tears came before he could stop them. The loud sobs that fell from his lips, whimpering until all he could do was choke and shudder in his bed, clinging onto the dog tags in his hand. It had been hours. And Bucky hadn’t come back from his date. He met a pretty lady and had taken to her. Steve was happy for him. He could be happy for him. Push away his own feelings and forget about their years together. Bucky didn’t remember them. He couldn’t, could he?“Steve, are you in –?”Steve shrank away from the door, trying to hide under his bedcovers from his friend. She sighed sadly and walked over. Crawling into the bed beside him, Natasha pulled Steve into her arms and hugged him.“Shh, it’s okay,” she whispered, stroking his hair, “I’ve got you. I’m here, Steve. You’re safe.” She knew all about Steve’s feelings and his nightmares. And she knew how much it was killing him to see Bucky slipping away, happier, free without him. He had got him back only to lose him to the future.“Why doesn’t he love me?” Steve sobbed, clinging onto her tightly, “why doesn’t he want me?”Natasha hugged him closer, hiding her own tears in his shoulder. She hated seeing him cry and the sound of his broken voice, the crestfallen look on his face and the way his eyes welled with tears, made her own heart drop. She wanted to take his pain away but she couldn’t shield him from this. She couldn’t protect him from a broken heart.Steve fell asleep, like he did for many nights, curled up on Natasha’s lap, passing out after sheer exhaustion from crying.*The following week when Bucky took his new lady friend dancing, Steve crashed at Sam’s apartment and fell asleep with a bottle of Thor’s liquor in one hand and Bucky’s dog tags in the other.The same thing happened the week after and the one after that.Tony found Steve up on the roof, just staring up at the sky blankly until he coaxed him back inside and gave him hot chocolate, then he fell asleep on Tony’s sofa.It wasn’t that he and Bucky weren’t close. They were but Bucky’s memories were still patchy. He didn’t remember falling in love with Steve. He remembered loving Steve as a friend, he remembered going to school with him, defending him in fights and protecting him from the cold. But he didn’t remember their heated kisses or the times they sought comfort in the warmth and heat of each other’s hands and mouths. He didn’t remember curling up with Steve at night, whispering and dreaming about a future that seemed out of reach.*Bucky sat in Tony’s lab a month later, while the scientist worked on his arm. “How’s the therapy going?” Tony asked slowly, like he was edging around a certain topic. He was to be fair but Bucky didn’t have to know that.“Okay,” Bucky replied, “I’m rememberin’ more and more now.”“Oh, T’Challa’s medication and Wanda’s magic is helping then?” Tony asked, frowning when something fell out of his grasp. He picked it up and was met with Bucky’s questioning blue eyes.“Why do you ask?”Tony shrugged, “just curious that’s all.”Bucky pursed his lips and then said, “Steve spends a lot of time here.”Tony nodded, “he stays here with me while I work. Sometimes, he crashes at Sam’s or Nat’s. He’s…never mind.”“What?” Bucky asked, frowning. He was worried. He hadn’t seen his best friend much. Steve seemed to jump every time he walked into a room and ran from Bucky at any chance they got to speak. It was like he was avoiding him, afraid that if he got too close, then Bucky would disappear. And that’s exactly what Steve was fearing.“He misses you,” Tony shrugged but didn’t say anything else. He cared for Steve and Steve had told him not to say anything, so he would respect his wishes.“I miss him too,” Bucky muttered, looking down.*Bucky stared at himself in the mirror.Since leaving Hydra he had bulked up, put on muscle and grown out his body, filling up all the space he could. He was stronger, faster, more skilled than ever. He never wanted to be under someone else’s control and being as agile, fast and quick on his feet as he was, ensured that. Heck, he noticed when the whole thing had gone down with Tony, that he was bigger, broader than Steve. Sure, they were level in height, but he was once again, larger than Steve.At the time, he hadn’t known why that made him feel good. Why that had made him purr happily. He did now. The last of his memories had come back in a flash. It had happened by accident. T’Challa said that being around familiar things and people would help jog his memories. That was why he had gone dancing with a friend of Sharon’s as friends to remind himself of how free he had felt when lost in the beat of song.He had visited Brooklyn and walked down its roads until the sounds, smells and sights came back to him, in flashes of colour and memories stitched their way back into his mind. He visited his parents’ graves and his sister, laid fl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst with a Happy Ending
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Everything is Beautiful and Everything Hurts
Reunited and It Feels So Good
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hurt Steve Rogers
Depressed Steve Rogers
Protectiveness
Protective Avengers
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
implied suicidal thoughts
Happy Ending
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Pet Names
Endearments
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Light Dom/sub
Multiple Orgasms
Prostate Milking
Overstimulation
Making Love
Emotional Sex
Protective Bucky Barnes
Virgin Steve Rogers
Loss of Virginity
Beefy Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

