Work Text:
 
 
 Artwork by Chestnut Nola
 

 Blackbird singing in the dead of night. 


 Take these broken wings and learn to fly. 


 Take these sunken eyes and learn to see. 


 Blackbird fly into the light of the dark black night. 


 All your life, you were only waiting for this moment to arise. 


 All your life, you were only waiting for this moment to be free. 


 Sing, Blackbird sing. 

 

 ~ Originally by the Beatles ~ 


 Rearranged for this story by MerrickBelle. 

 

 *~***~* 

 
“The stars are brightest in the chilled Northern skies of Midgard.” A lonely figure perched on a frozen outcropping of stone whispered into the still dark air. The words hung there heavily, as though in anticipation, before dissolving away into nothing. There was no one else there to hear them.
 
In spite of the bitterly frozen temperature, this wild forbidding far flung place was one of Harry’s favorite locations on this new version of Earth. Especially at night. The vast black void above him was liberally speckled with glinting balls of fire, billions of miles away in any direction his eyes might turn to look. Deep snow gleamed on the rolling hills, that swiftly grew into tall mountains around him in an endless reaching blanket. All glowing enchantingly under the pale silvery luminescence of full moonlight. Viewed at just the correct angle of the light cast of by the large lunar orb, it was very much like standing amid a vast field of minuscule glittering diamonds. A glacial, deceptive treasury laid down beneath one’s feet.
 
It was the deepest part of Winter now, but Harry was unbothered by the frigidity. Even dressed as he was in light, comfortable black cotton pants, more sensibly found worn in one’s own warm home. Sturdy dark brown boots that were worn and scuffed from years of use and love adorned his feet. Without any protective gloves, hat, scarf or jacket to speak of and only a simple pullover hoodie in dark forest green, sans graphic.
 
The hood was tossed back, leaving pale, youthful appearing features bare to the chill air. Hands scarred from Quills, Quidditch and hazards from learning wandcraft were tucked away into the soft pockets of the Muggle garment for comfort, rather than warmth. Untamable dark hair was still cropped short at the sides, with a longer length ruffled on the top. His athletic, Quidditch toned build was still the wiry strength and slenderness of late teenage youth and was unlikely ever to change.
 
The only noticeable physical change to his visage was to be found in the lack of once bright green eyes. A proud namesake once held in loving reverence now darkened to a fathomless black hue. Gone was the last obvious physical link to his departed mother. Ironically, those same eyes were also the only outwardly visible marker of his now altered nature. In truth, everything now, about Harry’s appearance was a bold lie. The picture portrayed, easily belied his true age of twenty and one years.
 
“Still just a babe in the grand scheme of things moving in the Universe.” He mused in a soft murmured to the unresponsive sky.
 

 It had become a hard to swallow truth in his life. Harry Potter seemed not to age any longer. Frozen in time at the physical age of seventeen years, at the singular moment all three pieces of the Deathly Hallows called him Master. At first, it wasn’t noticeable, but this leeway time did not last more than a couple of years. It very soon became apparent that his opinion on the situation didn’t seem to hold any value. Nor did it matter that the Hallows still be in his possession. What was done, could not be undone. It was both Blessing and Curse. As all things of power seem to end up being. 

 

 They were a part of him now, and would always come when he had need of them. It was why he had eventually let go of his stubbornness and finally called upon Death, now known to him as Hela, to take him far away from the world he had been born into. Harry had pushed himself so close to the emotional breaking point that he had been willing to get up on his knees and pitifully beg her to take him away from the only home he had ever known. To place him somewhere else. Anywhere else. Where he could grow and thrive in his new vastly extended life. 

 
“Turn pain into power. Harness fear,  utilize anger. Forge them into your armor. Turn an enemy's weapons against them, make them your own. Shatter the foundation beneath their feet. Leave nothing in your wake. In the end, only you will remain.” Harry sighs out through velvet lips, mind wandering deeper into the rabbit hole of his previous life’s memories.
 

 They were words he had taken to heart. Hela had been pitiless to Harry’s plight, but she had given him the mental tools in which to free himself. His Goddess was not one for those who were not willing to help themselves. And so Harry, always a fighter, and with something to battle for once again. Went to metaphorical war with those who imprisoned him, and called themselves his family. 

 

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Slash
crossover AU
One-Shot
EXPLICIT CONTENT!!!
NSFW!!!
switching POVs
Slight A/B/O World Setting
Romance
Fluff
Soulmates
Love at First Sight
Master of Death
Norse Mythos - Freeform
Post-Avengers
Guide!Omega!Harry
submissive!harry
Sentinel!Alpha!Loki
Dominate!Loki
Hurt/Comfort
Hel is NOT Loki’s daughter
Anal Sex
These boys have dirty mouths
Dirty Talk
Blow Jobs
Rough Sex
D/S inherent to the Verse
biting kink
Breeding Kink
mentions of marathon sex.

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

