Work Text:
"Anyone want the last doughnut?" said Peter, eyeing it."Yes," said Cap firmly. Peter silently pushed the plate across the kitchen table."Never mind." Jessica patted his shoulder consolingly. "People who wear costumes like ours have to watch our diets.""Are you saying I'm fat?" Peter demanded in mock outrage."Actually I've often thought that having a fantastic ass must be an important part of the whole Spider-franchise," said Cap, and put his head in his hands.There was an awkward silence. Logan opened another beer."I don't care if your liver regenerates; you drink too much." Cap didn't look up. "And Peter, I can always tell when you're staring at me beneath your mask. And it's far too often.""He's probably got a crush on you." Logan smirked at Peter."No, but Mary Jane has. She's always finding something to do in the gym when I'm working out.""It's okay, I knew that," Peter said. Logan and Jessica both stared at him. "What?"Logan shook his head and looked at the door."Stark's back," he remarked."Oh, thank God," said Jessica."He's not due back until tomorrow." Cap's head snapped up, eyes wide with horror."Oh, I called him and told him what had happened - " Peter trailed off as Cap glared at him."You know, Peter, I can actually believe you did that, because - " Jessica clapped a hand over his mouth and the rest was unintelligible. Peter shrank in his chair. Cap took a breath and gently removed her hand. "Thank you, Jessica. I'm sorry, Peter.""Oh, wow, you really are," said Peter, surprised, and then Tony appeared in the doorway."Hey!" He spotted Cap's abandoned doughnut and made a beeline for it. "Miss me?""Yes, very much," Cap said, and Tony paused with the doughnut half-way to his mouth."You did?""Yes, I kept waking up in the night and you weren't there, I almost called you half a dozen times just to hear your voice. Yesterday I watched the tape of that interview of you on the Daily Show, and when Peter came in I pretended it was a re-run.""You actually weren't kidding about the truth serum, were you?" Tony was staring at Cap with a kind of unholy glee."No. We have to keep an eye on him in case of these allergic reactions." Peter passed him the list. "And by we, now you're home, I mean you. Because I never realised how many alarming thoughts Cap has. I was kind of expecting the Declaration of Independence on repeat.""I do like the Declaration of Independence," Cap admitted. "But right now, I'd like to leave this terrible conversation and go and have sex with Tony, because it's been three days and that's far too long.""You usually cope fine." Tony pressed a hand to his mouth, obviously trying not to laugh."But I don't like having to. We should have sex every day, at least, and you should never leave town. Or you should take me with you. I don't like your company because it takes up time you should be spending with me." Cap rested his head on the table with a low moan. "I wish I could think of a way to mute myself without permanent damage.""Can you not just think about something else?" asked Jessica."Not with him right in the room," said Cap. "It's all I can think of. When he's wandering about in just that golden undersuit, I can't think of anything else. I almost fell down the stairs to the workshop last week because he was bending over to look under the car, and his ass-""Please take him away," said Peter."Please take me to bed," said Cap."Just go," said Jessica."Come on," said Tony, and headed for the door, Cap at his heels. "I owe you one, Peter!""You'll pay for this, Peter," Cap's voice floated back to them, and Peter winced.  "So you did miss me?" Tony pulled the door to their bedroom shut and dipped his eyelashes enticingly at Steve."All the time," Steve said fervently, pulling him close. "I'm so glad you're here. And it's really bad you're here, because I know you're going to embarrass me terribly and then tease me about it forever, but I'm still glad you're here.""Embarrass you? Me? Never." Tony smirked, secure in the knowledge that he would remember every word of this conversation. A computerized memory was a wonderful thing. "So you like the suit?""It looks silly," he ducked his head apologetically as Tony scowled at him. "But it's so tight. If I see you in the suit, I think about you naked.""Hm." Steve, of course, had no taste in superhero costumes. Tony toyed briefly with the idea of finding out what on earth he'd been thinking when he came up with the Nomad costume. No; there was unlikely to be a dark secret there, and Steve might get pissy about it. Warm lips touched Tony's neck, mumbled something against his skin. "What?""You smell good.""See, that was uncontroversial. It's not so bad." Tony grinned against Steve's hair."You didn't hear what I said to Jessica Jones," he said gloomily."Oh?""I told her she'd always been a sexy woman, but twice as much so now she was pregnant.""Was she upset?" Tony asked, and he was proud of himself for not letting his voice shake. This was surely the fu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

