Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony whistled as he danced around the kitchen. He was buzzing with energy and the sense of accomplishment. This had been a nice little challenge…
He did not often do commissioned work, mostly because of patent concerns and because the SI Board hated it. They only let him do it when it brought good publicity or if Tony dangled some proverbial carrot in front of them (or a literal carrot like that one time he had presented a holographic tool for the StarkPhones and StarkComputers). However, the request had simply been too good to pass up (and after the Ultron debacle, the Board jumped at the idea of allowing Tony to do biotechnological work that would revolutionize medicine regarding see and hearing impairment). Besides, Lars and Catherine now worked for the company commissioning the work because they had wished to work for a smaller corporation (though they did say that they missed the freedom he had given them) that dived more into the bio part of technology than SI did at the moment, and they had asked him personally for a consultation. He liked those two. He liked all of his engineers. He never liked seeing them go, but it also gave him a strange sense of pride to see them thrive outside of SI. Some of the world’s top engineers both in industry and academia had come from Stark Industries. That still did not mean that he liked seeing them spread their wings outside of the comfortable SI nest.
Anyway, the challenge: as always the solution was simpler than the original question had suggested. Hearing devices had revolutionized in recent years, but remained room for improvement remained; and visual aides were practically medieval compared to other advancements in medicine in recent years. Tony had now designed an interface that allowed the bridging of sensory impulses directly into the brain. Moreover, he had developed a highly complex code that would cut the interface off any electronic and electromagnetic impulses upon outside interference to completely abolish the fear of having these devices hacked… These had been the two things Lars, Catherine and their team had been unable to develop. They would be thrilled to see these plans.
“What’s gotten you into such a good mood?”
Tony barely suppressed a flinch as he turned to face Steve who smiled at him. Tony took a deep breath. He had completely forgotten that the Avengers were back in the tower. After Ultron, everybody had left… Bruce had run away, Thor was Asgard only knew where, and Steve, Natasha and Hawkeye had started to train the new Avengers at an off-site facility he had installed for them. Rhodey split his time between the military, the Avengers facility and spent his free time either with Mama and Papa Rhodes or with Tony. Ultimately, Tony was back to seeing him only about once a month, usually for suit reparations and that… hurt. He missed his platypus, especially in those first weeks after Ultron when the Avengers Tower (now Stark Tower again; Clint had been very clear about that) had been under reconstruction and Tony had been unsure whether or not he could rebuild JARVIS, and the nightmares had come back with a vengeance. He had spent those months alone (Pepper was remarkably kind about everything, but their relationship had shattered) in an undamaged part of the tower but mostly unwilling to enter his workshop without JARVIS’ voice to greet him. Now that everything was back to normal (more or less; Tony was no longer part of the group after he had publically renounced his status as an Avenger and Iron Man), the Avengers were back at the tower, if only temporarily. The facility had not been created with super-powered humans in mind, and Tony had to invest into some renovation, especially in the training facilities. It should not take too long, a month at the most, but the Avengers had to stay somewhere, Stark Tower to be exact.
Steve, Natasha, Clint, Sam Wilson, Wanda and Vision had moved in last week, but Tony had been too busy to really see them.
And he did not feel to welcome either. Of course, Steve had said that he missed Tony, but the engineer had noticed how they would grow quiet when he entered the room; how the mere mention of Sokovia would render them all silent; how Clint barely looked at him; how they talked even less than before. Tony did not know Sam, and Sam distrusted him. Vision seemed okay with Tony, but they never had a moment for themselves; sometimes it seemed like the Avengers did not want Vision alone with Tony; it did not help that Wanda could barely stand to be in the same room with him.
All in all, they were here but the atmosphere was tense and they all seemed to mistrust Tony. Who could blame the engineer for almost flinching over hearing Steve’s voice at… 6 AM?
“Coffee?” asked Tony cheerfully. “I’ve just solved a nice little puzzle that bugged me for days.”
“What kind of puzzle?” asked Steve. He looked relaxed, open and interested.
“Oh, just a little piece of technology I made for another co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternative Universe – Post AoU
Hawkeye remained an Avenger after AoU
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
not Avengers friendly as a whole
borderline emotional abuse
author is highly protective of Tony Stark
enter at your own risk
I mean it
Angst
Hurt No Comfort
Dr. Strange to the rescue
The snarkiest damsel in distress meets sarcastic prince
Tony Stark is not a damsel
Genius Tony Stark
Genius Helen Cho
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
But if it was: Team Iron Man!

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

