Work Text:
It’s nothing fancy.  Just Clint and Phil and a Justice of the Peace, with Natasha as their witness.  They don’t invite any of the other Avengers because they’re all way too noticeable.  (Except for Bruce, maybe, but Bruce understands.  Tony takes vocal umbrage, snarky in a way that points to him being truly insulted that he’s not invited along, until Steve points out reasonably that both Clint and Phil still work for SHIELD, that the public does not yet know their identities, that it needs to stay that way, and that Tony himself attracts far too much attention when he goes anywhere, even a simple courthouse wedding.  Clint wants to kiss Steve, but he refrains, imagining the look on Phil’s face if he were to give in to his impulses.)  They don’t tell anyone else until it’s done, and then Phil calls his sister, smiling into the phone even as he prepares the correct forms for their joint change in status.They get a night, just one night, and then Phil’s back in the air with his team and Clint’s left alone in their bed, his thumb rubbing absently over the metal band on his finger.  Thank fuck a call to assemble comes that afternoon.  Clint isn’t a brooder by nature, and the wallow he’d allowed himself to fall into was just pathetic.  He rushes to the landing pad, still trying to get the fucking impossible chain to fasten around his neck.  He can’t wear the ring on his finger while he shoots, but he’ll be damned if he’s going to take it completely off.Natasha takes it from him as he scurries by her, gentle even while rushed.  He seats himself at the controls of the jet, Steve by his side, the good captain already flipping switches and plotting the course like a pro, just months after asking Clint to teach him how.  Clint feels a presence at his back, but he can tell it’s Nat so he doesn’t flinch, even when she shifts and something slips over his head, falls around his neck.  She steps back as he pulls on the controls, lifting the quinjet into the air.  He flashes her a smile in thanks, sure that she sees it, even though he doesn’t turn.Once they’re steady and on their way, he lifts a hand to tuck the ring under his uniform.  The press of the armor gives it weight against his chest, and he smiles.  It’s new enough that he’ll feel it, solid and reassuring, while he fights, but light enough that it won’t be distracting.  He can feel Steve glancing at him, and he looks over, curious.  But Steve just gives him a smile, so Clint smiles back, happy in a way he’d never thought possible.It’s a short flight, and an even shorter fight, but the White House is still standing when they’re done.  The Capitol Building may have taken a bit of a hit, but Clint will never tell anyone that most of the damage was done by Tony, his shots going suspiciously wide far more often than normal.  The Secret Service don’t seem appreciative of their help, and Clint and Tony both take exception to that.  But Steve smooths the way (because there is literally no government agent that isn’t completely smitten with Captain America, even if he did step in and do their jobs for them) and soon enough they’re on their way back home.Clint slips his ring back onto his finger as soon as they’re in the air.  He pockets the chain and curls his hand around the controls, pressing the gold against his skin. _________ It’s just lunch.  Bruce and Nat and Clint.  They’re at the little deli down the street from the tower, where no one treats them like the celebrities they’ve become over the past two years.  The fact that the public knows Clint’s and Natasha’s faces but not their names is a miracle, and a testament to just how thoroughly SHIELD has wiped their true identities off the map.  Their code names are a matter of public record, and there have been rumors that Clint’s first name is, amazingly enough, Clint.  About fifty percent of Natasha’s fans think her name is Natalie, and the rest are smart enough to understand that they have no idea what her real name is.  Clint doesn’t even pretend that he’s any different.  It’s entirely possible that Natasha herself doesn’t know anymore.Anyway, they’re just eating lunch, laughing and chatting, and Clint gets a secure text from Phil, something about how the secret’s out, and Clint has a moment of panic as he tries to deduce which secret.  But then Phil sends a link, so Clint clicks on it, and it’s a picture of the three of them, leaving the tower just an hour ago.  Clint’s holding the door for Bruce and Nat, and the website has included a close-up of Clint’s hand, ring and all.He laughs, because fuck, Phil, way to scare the shit out of him.  Of all the shit they could dig up on him, this is the least worrying.  Anyway, it’s not like he’s trying to hide it.  He’s married and he’s happy, and who the fuck even cares?But he skims the article, and it’s apparent that people do care.  The question on the blogger’s mind is clearly who the lucky woman is.  What an amazing person she must be, to have tied down one of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Fluff
Homophobia
Long-Distance Relationship
Coming Out
SHIELD Husbands
Happy Tower Time AU

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

