Work Text:


“Rumors are flying that when Tony Stark moved to New York he brought with him a high school aged son who is reportedly attending Midtown High. While there is much that suggests that Stark does indeed have a son, there is no concrete evidence and everything is left up to speculation.

” A reporter on a local New York morning show told Miss Kelly’s current events class at Midtown High. “

In other Avenger-related news, Captain America was videoed helping a young girl get her ca-

”
 
Peter slunk down in his seat as the reporter talked about him. Yeah, he was Tony Stark’s kid, and yeah, he moved to New York with his dad after the shitstorm that was the Battle of New York. His dad had allowed him to pick what school he wanted to go to and Peter had chosen Midtown because it was known as a school with a good math and science program as well as it was rather close to Avengers Tower. 
 
He had thought that he could fly under the radar, but apparently some shark reporters had picked up on his dad having a kid. He wondered who had leaked that important bit of information and how quickly they had gotten fired. Peter mentally shrugged, that wasn’t his problem and he had known for years now that eventually someone would figure out that Tony Stark had a kid. 
 
Peter started to mentally prepare himself for that press conference. Better to start preparing now than get caught up and anxious about what he was going to say later, even if he could con his dad into doing all the talking. Like that would be hard to do anyways, his dad loved the sound of his own voice. Peter’s mind drifted as his classmates talked about the supposed ‘rumors.’ Eventually the bell rang and he practically bolted from his seat and all but ran to his next class: science. Well it wasn’t called pain ol’ science, but he currently couldn’t remember the correct name for it. It was Science 500 or Advanced something majig. Peter shrugged, it was science, who cares what it was called.
 
“Hello Peter!” The teacher, Mr. Rockwell, greeted Peter as he glided into the room. 
 
“Hey Mr. Rockwell!” Peter smiled at the teacher, he actually liked Mr. Rockwell. “What do we have planned for today?”
 
“Well, I have a surprise.” Peter leaned forward in anticipation and looked expectantly at Mr. Rockwell. The teacher chuckled and shook his balding head, “You’ll have to wait and find out with the rest of the class!” 
 
Peter waited impatiently as the rest of the class filed in, some riding in right as the tardy bell was ringing. Peter mentally glared at Flash  while smiling happily at Gwen. “Hey.” Peter commented to her.
 
“Peter.” Gwen sent a sweet smile his way, “How are you today?” 
 
“I’m cool.” Peter gives her a shrug, “You?” 
 
“Excellent.” Gwen giggled, “Did you hear the rumors about Tony Stark having a kid?” 
 
“I did….it’s interesting.” Peter replied, sounding pained. 
 
“I know! Imagine all the incredible things they get to see everyday!” Gwen gushed, she was about to continue on her mini tirade, but Mr. Rockwell, to Peter’s immense relief, called the class to attention. Peter mentally started to plan what he was putting in his teacher’s fruit basket for getting him out of an awkward conversation. 
 
“So I have a huge surprise for you guys!” Mr. Rockwell sent a blinding smile to his students, “I managed to get a tour booked for the labs at Stark Tower!” The class erupted in excited chatter, “I talked it over with the office and they have excused you all for the remainder of the morning so we can tour the labs today. Now hurry up, we have a bus waiting for us in the parking lot!” 
 
Peter mentally facepalmed. Of course this would happen to him. Of course. And here he thought it was actually going to be a decent surprise. Guess that hope just flew out the window right along with Peter’s hidden identity. Wave at it as it goes by, everyone. 
 
Gwen chattered excitedly in Peter’s ear as she dragged him along the front of the pack towards the bus. Even though Stark Tower (really it’s name is now Avengers Tower, with all the Avengers shacking up in the place) was only a few blocks away, the school didn’t dare send a bunch of students walking down New York’s streets with only one chaperone. Rather smart, in Peter’s humble opinion. With his luck, if they had walked, they would have gotten mugged or caught in some attack on New York Part Two. ‘Cause that shit always happened to him.  All too soon, Peter found himself standing in the too familiar lobby of Avengers Tower. Mr. Rockwell happily walked up to the receptionist desk with the class following (and with Peter sadly and silently bemoaning the fact that he was still at the front of the pack) to check the group in. 
 
“Mr. Rockwell’s Chemical Science class.” Mr. Rockwell cheerily informed the receptionist, “We have a 9:30 labs tour.” 
 
The receptionist smiled at him, “All right, I have you all checked in. If you could all just put these badges on,” she handed Mr. Rockwell a stack of security badges with ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark is Peter Parker's Father
Father-Son Relationship
Kinda Cracky
Fluff
kinda pre-superfamily
Field Trip
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

