Chapter 1: Curing Boredom
    




Chapter Text
Loki had been spending time with the Greek Pantheon under his guise of Odin, and could not have been less interested in what they had to say. He, for lack of a better term, was bored. Completely and utterly bored.
Then Hades started talking, weaving his tale of how Persephone became his wife. The woman in question was at his side and looked peeved with the overall tale of their nuptials, but seemed pleased with its outcome. Summarizing their story it went like this, Hades was lonely and saw Persephone one day. Thought she was beautiful and kidnapped her, while in the underworld she ate a fruit and by the time her mom found her, she was unable to leave, but that was okay since she had come to love Hades once realizing that he wasn’t some sadistic creeper.
Inspired and in need for a little shock and all Loki used their romance as inspiration to cause a little trouble. Nothing grand or overly chaotic, but would probably serve to be amusing in the long run, if it lasted that long.
After bidding the Greeks good bye, Loki disguised himself and slipped down to Midgaurd. Situating himself at a café in New York he waited for someone to catch his eye. Some hours past and the staff were gearing up to kick him out when who should walk into the establishment but the Man of Iron himself, Anthony Stark.
The billionaire looked tired and disheveled, but overall still as handsome as the last time he’d laid eyes on the mortal man. His eyes, though laden with darkened bags beneath, still twinkled with mischief and a world weary curiosity. His facial hair was immaculately trimmed and he was dressed in a freshly pressed suit, clearly he was on his way somewhere, but had apparently disregarded sleep.
Smiling to himself he watched the billionaire closely waiting for him to collect his coffee and leave. Once he did so Loki followed him for a few blocks before choosing to appear in the man’s line of sight, giving him enough time to register his presence, cuss, and attempt to call forth his armor. Too bad for Anthony, the god was faster, and he was knocked unconscious with a spell Loki’d learned as a child.
Anticipation settled deep in the pit of his gut as he lifted the unconscious man into his arms careful not to jostle him and disturb his sleep. Distantly a part of him wondered why he was taking care with the man at all, why he’d chosen him, but those distant thoughts were swept to the far reaches of his mind. He didn’t feel too keen on analyzing what that might’ve meant. He had his Anthony that was all that mattered.
 
Tony had woken up in some pretty crazy places in his life, but never had he ever woken up in bed with a god. An actual god to clarify, he’d been with enough people who could have been gods based off their looks, but yeah, no actual gods. Especially ones that were rumored to have died, if what Jane had told him was creditable. Which considering it came straight from Thor’s mouth made it questionable. The giant man child was a bit, a lot, blind when it came to his adoptive brother.
“Loki,” he said scooting back from the god who was languishing along the bed beside him, just staring. It was really creepy. “Didn’t take you for the kidnapping type.”
The god smiled, lips curling seductively as he leaned in so they were nose to nose. “Fret not Anthony, you are only here to help amuse me. Play your part well and you will be free of me in due time.”
“My part,” asked Tony, “and what exactly would that be?” Scooting back a bit he found himself trapped in the confines of Loki’s arms. He had a pretty good idea of what was going to be said, but one could never know for sure with Loki.
“The new Queen of Asgard.” Tony just stared at him. Loki sighed. “I was inspired with this idea after a tale I heard from Hades-,”
Tony raised an eyebrow, “The Greek god of the underworld, that Hades?”
Loki gave him a look, “You know of another?”
“Well no, but are all the gods real them? Like from Egypt and all that?” The genius was curious, sure mythology wasn’t his thing, but there was no such thing as bad knowledge. The more one knew the better equipped they were to deal with their surroundings and etcetera.
There was silence, then Loki just continued on as if he hadn’t been interrupted. “He kidnapped his wife Persephone, and her mother cast the world into winter in her absence. By the time she found her daughter, she was in love with Hades and unable to leave the Underworld, but for brief visits and that’s why there’s spring,” thoughtfully the god tacked on, “you can ignore that bit about the seasons.”
“You’re making me your wife?”
“For a time,” replied the god, “and technically I’ve been declared dead, you’ll be getting recognized as Odin’s wife. I imagine your friends will panic over your well-being and Thor will be mightily confused.”
How was this Tony’ life? Couldn’t he go out after a hundred forty four hour work binge to get coffee and actually make a board meeting in peace? Apparently not it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Not all that bad
Tony isn't concerned
Confused Thor
Queen Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

