Work Text:
If Steve had been truthful with Tony about Howard and Maria's death from the start, he would have understood. He knows better than anyone how much Howard deserves justice, how much someone might want to get rid of him. He understands iron fists, understands what someone can do when under the control of someone else.

He understands brutal honesty. After all, that's what he's always sworn he'd honor despite the cost. Be honest, even when it breaks hearts. Be honest, even when it fells dreams. Be honest, no matter the consequence, because people deserve the truth.

He would have forgiven Steve if he'd told Tony the truth about what the Winter Soldier had done under the influence of HYDRA. He would have been angry for awhile, sure, but he'd have gotten over it. He'd have helped Steve search for Bucky, have helped Bucky recover.

(That's what he's been doing, ever since he escaped Afghanistan. He's helped people recover, helped people return to a world that no longer accepts them. He's helped people acclimate, and heal, and if only one person returns to him and tells him that he's helped then that will be enough.)

(And Sam's got that covered, so Tony feels like his change from bomb to relief is justified.)

But now, in a underground bunker in Siberia, Steve drops this bomb in his lap and Tony doesn't have time to process. He doesn't have time to think. He can only feel, and rage, and be betrayed.

He goes after Bucky, and he knows that it's not Bucky's fault but he also knows that Bucky can handle this. They'll fight to a standstill and both of them will come out a little bruised but ultimately not too worse for the wear.

But then Steve joins in and everything goes to fucking shit.

---

Sam meets Tony at the door to Avengers Tower as soon as he's flown in on T'Challa's jet. He'd gotten medical care on the jet (as evidenced by the sling holding his arm out of harm's way), but there's extreme bruising all over his body that can't be fixed easily. He can barely breathe, much less let Sam and Rhodey's dog tags hang against his chest, so he has their chains tucked carefully inside of a thin, bulletproof wallet inside of his front pants pocket.

He feels like he's been hollowed out, like someone has taken one of Bruce's scalpels and scraped out his insides. There are bruises inside, outside, everywhere he isn't afraid to look-

He looks up to see Sam, still using that chrome walking stick that Tony made for him after his bionic leg got half blown off in the Battle of Sokovia. Sam's staring at him like he's a ghost returning home, and for once in his life Tony doesn't know what to say.

"Tony," Sam says, breathing his name like a prayer and a nightmare all at once, and Tony swallows.

"Yeah?" He acknowledges, and an instant later he's wrapped in the gentlest of embraces. He barely feels Sam's arms around him, it's that light a hug, but he feels enough and that's good for him.

"I'm so sorry," Sam says, genuine sorrow in his voice, "I never would have suggested this if I'd known Bucky would lash out like-"

"It wasn't Bucky," Tony interrupts abruptly, then corrects himself: "Well, not entirely."

Sam seems to have trouble comprehending for a moment, so Tony counts out the seconds until Sam figures it out. As much as Tony believes in truth, there are some bombs that wreak damage that he doesn't want to inflict. If Sokovia taught him anything it's that he can't drop bombs and expect people to understand, to feel any sort of sympathy with the people that destroyed them.

Then Sam leans back so Tony can see his face. Tony misses Sam's embrace as soon as it leaves, but then he sees that Sam's face has hardened and Tony knows that he's gotten it. "Steve did this to you?" He asks, voice filled with righteous anger, and Tony tries not to flinch but he doesn't quite succeed. He spent years training himself not to respond violently, but after what just happened with Steve and Bucky- with someone he was supposed to be able to trust- he's sliding back into old patterns of reactions. Sam's face softens and he reaches out a hand to graze Tony's shoulder. "Tones, you okay?"

Tony nods, even though he's not okay, not even close. Sam nibbles at his bottom lip a bit (a seriously adorable habit that manages to take Tony's mind of the pain for just a moment) as he thinks. "My dogtags," Sam murmurs, and Tony holds out his free hand.

"Don't think I'm ever gonna get the imprint of your, Rhodey, and Riley's names off of my chest," Tony says, attempting a joke, but it falls flat.

"That hard?" Sam asks, tone dangerously neutral, and Tony nods."He shoved the shield into my- into Iron Man's- chest," Tony starts, and suddenly the words are just tumbling out. The explanation of what happened in Siberia comes out in stuttering words, in braced sentiments, but eventually every bloody detail is laid out before Sam. He tells Sam about how the fight started, about how Steve lied for years and how Tony was only going to fight Bucky but the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Civil War Team Iron Man
Anti Team Cap
Why Steve?
Honest to God Why?
BAMF Sam Wilson
Metaphors
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Disabled Character
Disabled Character of Color
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Sam Wilson

