Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“So let me get this straight, you two,” the doctor - something the man had insisted on being titled - looks between them, “are dimension traveling ninja that can control chakra and you got here because blondie was messing with these squiggles-““Seals,” Naruto corrects readily, rubbing his side where Sasuke had elbowed him to keep his mouth shut at the ‘blondie’ comment.“-Seals while you had a fight and momentarily lost control of an unknown amount of energy. And now you want me to help you get back home.”“Yeah, that’s pretty much it,” Naruto smiles, too wide and too sharp compared to what it once was. It was a pretty summary of what they had just spent an hour trying to explain; they didn’t exactly have all the words to properly detail their situation after all. English is a difficult language to piece together, and they have managed admirably for the past year, in Naruto’s humble opinion. But they are unfamiliar with certain translations and that makes it difficult to be precise in their explanation. There is more to it, of course, there always is. But this Doctor Strange doesn’t need the details of their fight, nor information about Kurama - some things are just better left unsaid and a giant furry biju living in his abdomen is one of them. Besides, he feels that their emphasis on the fact the seal more or less tore the chakra from them like those leaches in the Forest of Death was a predominantly integral portion of their story.The man nods, placing hands onto old leather and rising to his feet, “Alright, let me see what I can do.”“See,” he beams at his partner, “I told you he would help.”“Hn.”“How long have you been here?” Strange calls back from where he is rifling through books and papers that cascade messily all over the room. One would think a Sorcerer Supreme would be neater - but then again Naruto has little room to talk. His apartment had always been haphazardly organized before Hinata and he had moved in together. And now Sasuke all but forces him to keep their living quarters tidy on pain of death by ramen withdrawal.“A year,” Sasuke answers curtly for them.“A year? And you are only now seeking me out?”“It took a while to learn your language,” Naruto rubs the back of his neck, letting out a laugh that can be taken as embarrassed (a diversion from the facts). The truth is Sasuke had the language down near fluently in six months with Naruto not far behind, but they were more than reluctant to seek outside help for their problem. They do not know who is and is not trustworthy in this world - from what they have seen it holds many factions of people, separated by ability, belief, and country alike. All with their own agendas and some more than happy to take advantage of any possible asset made available to them - and Naruto and Sasuke would most definitely fall under that category. However, even Kurama has no answer to their current predicament, and all the research and experiments they have done led to nothing they can use.“It explains the accents,” Strange accesses. “Japanese, right?” The man continues without giving them the time to respond, “Well, if you’ve been here this long I assume you have a place to live, if not you’re welcome to stay.”“We thank you for the offer, but we must decline,” Sasuke’s words come polite and final.“Oh, well, you’re welcome here anytime,” he offers easily, several heavy tombs thumping onto his desk. “There’s a business card with my number and email on the coffee table to your right. If you could leave yours as well that would be fantastic. I’m not sure how long my research will take so I’ll call you when I find something.”They comply, because after a year in this strange world they are more than ready to go home. And although they do not have an email, they have both picked up phones as most jobs - even part time ones - require them. (They rarely use them to call each other, they know how easily such devices can be tapped - it’s why shinobi do not use radios on missions despite them being readily available).Their goodbyes are less than curt.
 It all starts when he is on the Hokage Mountain, sitting atop his father’s head that stares out at the village beneath him. A view that he can barely bring himself to look at anymore, the bright lights and wandering streets leave him feeling nothing. It has been a long time since he’s been able to get past the grey fog hovering like a curtain. Hinata has noticed as much, and despite her attempts to cheer him up there is a part of him that knows their marriage is a portion of the problem.He loves her, and his children. Cares for them with all the fire that he can muster. But that flame has dimmed more and more the closer his coronation comes. The thought of sitting behind that weighted desk piled with mission reports, and council requests that leave Kashi-sensei’s shoulders more slumped each day makes his chest feel tight with something he can’t bring himself to name as panic. Yet, he cannot blame the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Uchiha Sasuke/Uzumaki Naruto
other - canon relationships for both fandoms
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
This is crack
mostly - Freeform
it's just for fun
Naruto no longer dreams for the hat
is also oblivious
Sasuke is done with everyone's shit
they try to get home
Sort Of
dimensional-travel
Dimension Jumping
Crossover
Naruto x Marvel
Naruto x Avengers
Naruto x X-men
Naruto x Doctor Strange
this is meant to be short
I swear
More tags to be added
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Uchiha Sasuke/Uzumaki Naruto
other - canon relationships for both fandoms
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

