Work Text:
To say that Steve was shaken was an understatement. Laura Barton’s phone call had gotten under his skin like a rash he couldn’t ignore and it was starting to itch.
 

“You left him in Siberia, Rogers, T’Challa didn’t know he was injured. It took us three days to get him home because no one knew where he was and the suit was dead.”


 

Had he injured Tony that badly? He’d only stopped him from being able to go after Bucky, the reactor wasn’t keeping Tony alive anymore. He’d been fine when he dragged Bucky out of the bunker. And really, three days? Surely not, Tony was one of the best engineers out there, he was Howard’s son for crying out loud. He’d watched Tony take apart the toaster while half asleep and put it back together so it toasted smiley faces into the bread – all before his first cup of coffee.
 

“Is that really the kind of man you are Rogers? You’d leave a man behind?”

 
Sam had commented on his shaving the other day. Apparently he had missed a few bits, more so than normal. Truth was Steve was having a hard time looking in the mirror some mornings as Laura’s words mingled with Erskine’s. He’d never left a Commando behind, he’d disobeyed direct orders to get Bucky back from Schmidt, he’d gone back for the Avengers when they’d been in tight spots. Yet it had been so easy to walk away from Tony.
 
Steve huffed out a breath and ducked under a low hanging branch. The gym in the compound he and the team lived in had a tiny gym and a limited supply of punching bags. In order to get some privacy and wear himself out a bit, he’d turned to running tracks he found in the jungle. The paths were rough but usually abandoned and it gave him plenty of time to think. Too much time to think.
 
He was covered in sweat and had resorted to carrying his phone (and the fliptop, couldn’t forget the fliptop) in a snaplock bag to try and keep them dry. They bounced in his pocket as he ran, a reminder as steady as his pace.
 
Under another branch. Over the boulder shaped like a weasel. Down the straight and narrow path.
 

T’Challa didn’t know he was injured.


 


It took us three days to get him home because no one knew where he was.


 


No one knew where he was.


 

Oh god, Tony had been left there all alone. Bucky wasn’t going back, Steve wouldn’t have let him near that place again if he tried. He himself thought Tony was fine, he’d been in far worse fights and could fix his suit easily – he’d seen the genius work on it with a cast iron wok and pair of needle nose plyers that time the team had been stranded in Portland. He had no reason to worry, he’d told T’Challa that.
 

T’Challa didn’t know he was injured.


 

Around this bend, through the creek.
 
If T’Challa hadn’t have taken Steve at his word – and why had he? They’d been fighting hours earlier – and checked on Tony before taking off, would Tony have been brought with them, kept safe from the cold and anyone who might know the bunker’s location and want to hurt him?
 
Steve hadn’t told anyone about the call. He’d kept the details of Siberia vague, only passing on the important stuff after breaking his family out of the Raft. If Ross was here right now, he’d happily put fist through the General’s face for what he’d done. First the Accords, then, then that.
 
It had taken Wanda a month before they saw that familiar red mist surround her hands again.
 
Telling them about Siberia while trying to deal with the Raft, no. They needed to focus on getting back on their feet and settled in their new home.
 
Hairpin bend fuck fuck fu-
 
He stood, brushing the damp dirt off his shorts and singlet. Wakanda had amazing technology, but Steve would swear that his shoes had less grip in dry conditions than the pair Tony had gifted him in far worse. He pulled a leaf from his hair and carried on. He was drowning in sweat but he still had energy.
 
He hadn’t told his team about Laura’s phone call for the same reasons.
 
Sam was great, a shoulder for Steve to lean on and a good sounding board for plans. Steve had found him one morning watching the news, the same piece on repeat – Colonel Rhodes walking out of a UN meeting, legs framed in metal. Steve couldn’t get Sam to drop the guilt he was carrying, but he was there for the flyer and he liked to think he helped. Scott was withdrawn but still pretty bright, his previous stay in prison had helped with the psychological aspects but he was missing his daughter. Wanda, well, she was angry. Her irises were a constant red and could only talk about hunting Stark. The kid had things under control though, she just needed time. Natasha, he hadn’t seen hide nor hair of her since the airport. Hopefully she was safe.
 
Clint, the man had sat down with Steve early in their stay and it had not gone well to say the least.
 
Turned out Clint knew about the Accords, agreed with them, and was pissed as hell that Steve had dragged him into it based on (what he called) false advertising.
 

“Tony called me a warned me to stay out of i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not A Fix-It
Not Steve Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
rated for language
T'Challa will drive Team Cap out through terrible furniture
(That will be its own fic I promise)
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

