Chapter 1: Haphazard Introductions
    




Chapter Text

Danny was not having a great day. 
 
He woke up late, his tea had been over-brewed, and the second cup under-brewed, Colleen had yelled at him for something that wasn't his fault and his company was still in shambles.
 
Life is hard. 
 
But some days life is 

extra

 hard. 
 
And so, being the super-trained optimistic monk that he is, Danny decided to take a deep breath and a long walk. 
 
Earbuds in, he made his way through the better part of New York, not really paying attention to where he was going. His focus was inward, not outward, and the old hip-hop provided the perfect backdrop to ignoring everything and everyone he passed. By now it's gotten dark, and if he had to guess Danny would say that he was somewhere in Harlem, but he really didn't know for sure. He had a glowing fist, sue him for not having a built in GPS. Anyways, New York had gotten a lot bigger since he was young. 
 
It was Danny’s form of moving meditation, focus coming from the constant of movement and music, but eyes opened (as to not crash into anything). Needless to say, he cleared his head of everything outside the steady rhythm of his feet matching the steady rhythm of the music. Didn't notice the man yelling about how his bagels were the best in town, or the little girl stealing a boy’s balloon. He wandered into some back alley without even realizing he had turned. He didn't even hear the muffled yelling and movement because of the loud music in his ears. And for a moment, Danny was absolutely content.
 
And then something flew into him. 
 
More like 

someone

. 
 
A very distinctly red and blue someone. 
 
His years of training kicked in subconsciously and he found himself turning before he could even register what was happening. A distinctly red and blue body whammed into his chest and he caught it by the shoulders, but the the force was strong enough to throw both him and said body into the cement wall.
 
He intended to say “Ouch” but it came out more like “What the fuck?”.
 
Being sandwiched between a wall and a guy in spandex was not exactly how he had seen his day going. Was the universe just out to get him or did he have incredibly bad luck?
 
The guy is red and blue groaned and pulled himself onto his feet. He seemed to reorient himself for a second before looking around, but it was hard to tell because of the ridiculous mask covering his face. He turned to Danny.
 
“Hey, sorry man. You alright? I mean, I just flew into you so probably not, but like how not okay are you? Because I can help but I have this like superhero thing I need to do, and if I stay over here too long my super-buddy might also get hurt and then I'd have to call two ambulances --though I guess I probably shouldn't call one for Double D, the whole identity thing and all. Oh god he's gonna kill me-- are you okay?” 
 
Danny blinked. The earbuds had fallen from his ears, and the music was loud enough that he could still hear a tinny voice coming from them but he completed disregarded them, instead taking in the absolute mess of a human-being in front of him. The guy was short and lean, and though he had a bulge of muscles on his shoulders and held himself with determination, he looked like he could maybe do with an extra meal or five. The mask made his eyes bore into you, and the edges of the eyepieces whirred and shifted with his gaze. The decorative spider on his chest and intricate webbing pattern were broken by the occasional scrape, but he seemed fine, not at all like he had just fallen through an alley and hit a stranger into a wall. Actually he seemed a little ramble-y, and he didn't ever stop moving, pointing and gesturing with every word.
 
“Hellooo? Earth to civilian? I didn't give you a concussion did I?” The vigilante waved his wand in front of Danny’s face.
 
“You're… you’re Spider-Man!” Danny had seen the videos, everyone had, even child monks who had been out of touch with society for years. The guy was plastered on newspapers, t-shirts and children’s lunchboxes across New York. Plus he could lift a bus, and anyone that strong caught Danny’s attention. 
 
“Wow, great detective skills man. Now, get out of here, and get some medical attention, if you need it. I'll just be on my way back to certain pain and probable death, Spidey out!” And with that Spider-Man shot a web and launched himself into the air. Danny could vaguely hear the sounds of fighting coming from a roof in that direction.
 
“Wait!” Danny called, but Spider-Man was already gone. Danny deserved another “What the fuck.” 
 
He pulled himself to his feet and shoved his iPod into the pocket of his hoodie. If there was a superhero level crisis he should go help right? He was sort of a vigilante, and he could do some damage. Point was, someone was probably in danger - Spider-Man mentioned a partner right? - now was not the time for mopey monks having half-formed existential crises. Right now the world didn't need Danny Rand, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Danny Rand
Matt Murdock & Danny Rand
Claire Temple & Everybody
Peter Parker & The Defenders
Luke Cage & Jessica Jones
Luke Cage & Jessica Jones & Matt Murdock & Danny Rand
Luke Cage/Jessica Jones

freeform: 
Danny did not sign up for this
Human Disaster Peter Parker
everyone is hurt
Mild Language
Mild Gore
a good deal of passing out
but like I want Peter to be a defender
Badly
Claire deserves better
Peter and Matt have already known eachother for a while
Hurt/Comfort
Some chaotic fighting
Bad Humor
my interpretation of the various canons
Danny is a mess of a hero but is trying anyways
strawberry icecream
Matt Murdock's limited patience
Fighting and flashbacks
peter is constantly injured it's fine
Everyone has a guilt complex
Post-Civil War/Pre-Homecoming
After all the individual tv serieses
Badass women doing badass things
Basically the first season of each defender’s own series + Spider-Man: Homecoming is where it’s at

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Danny Rand
Matt Murdock & Danny Rand
Claire Temple & Everybody
Peter Parker & The Defenders
Luke Cage & Jessica Jones
Luke Cage & Jessica Jones & Matt Murdock & Danny Rand
Luke Cage/Jessica Jones

