Chapter 1: Lilies
    




Chapter Text



Art by uglywabbit
“I just fell in love,” Steve says, plopping into the high-backed office chair behind his desk.“Bad move,” America says, dropping a paper bag with what may be his lunch onto his desk. “Kate and I went out for lunch. We brought you a boring caesar wrap because you’re a boring person.”“Thank you for the wrap,” Steve says, opting to ignore the latter half of her statement, mostly because the boring thing is pretty true.“So what breed is it?” America asks.“Huh?” Steve says, pulling the wrap out of the bag. There’s also a bag of Sun Chips in there, which are his favorite. He smiles.“The dog you fell in love with,” America says.“Why would you think I fell in love with a dog?” Steve asks.She pulls her iPhone out of her back pocket, spends a few seconds tapping, then holds it out to Steve. “What’s this?” he asks, taking it.“You’ll see.”He looks down to see a photo album with the title “photos of dogs steve sent me”.“Touché,” he says, handing the phone back to her. “But why save them?”“Blackmail,” she says as she takes the phone back. She shrugs. “They may also be pretty cute.” Steve chuckles. “So was it a dog?” she asks.“No,” Steve says, “it’s—“There’s a knock on the door and Kate pops her head in. “Steve, you have a visitor,” she says.“I do?” Steve asks. There wasn’t anyone on the calendar for this afternoon — he didn’t know how long his morning meetings, including his meeting at the tattoo parlor, would go — and he was looking forward to hunkering down and getting some work done. That being said, there’s always some bride or groom or member of the wedding party or in-law who will say they need Steve and they need him now, and he tries his best to be accommodating. There’s a reason he can charge people the prices he does; he is the best in the business.“Yeah,” Kate says.Steve looks down at his wrap and sighs. “Let them in,” he says, pushing it to the far side of his desk and standing up. He loves being a wedding planner, but there are moments he wishes he didn’t go into a business where people expect him to be at their beck and call all day and night. He’s not entirely sure what that business would be, but he’s sure there’s one out there somewhere and he should’ve gone into it.Kate pulls away and he can hear her say, “This way.”The door opens again and there’s Bucky.“Hey,” Bucky says with a little smile, almost a smirk.He doesn’t have to say, ‘I’m in love with this guy’ to America because he’s pretty sure that one look at Steve lets her know. He glances at America who gives him a look, as if to say, ‘Him?!?!’Steve knows. He didn’t mean to fall in love with the tattoo artist from down the street. But one meeting with the most talented tattoo artist in Brooklyn was enough for love.Well, maybe not love, per se. But infatuation. The kind of infatuation Steve always prided himself on staying away from. But here he is, staring at Bucky Barnes and wishing that he could take him on a couples cruise through Norway, or something just as sickeningly domestic and lovey.At first glance, Bucky Barnes is not the kind of guy you’d expect Steve to go for in the first place. Steve looks put together at all times, even if he doesn’t feel put together all that often. He wears button-down shirts and khaki pants, has an iPad with four different note-taking apps practically glued to his hip, and he doesn’t swear. (Well, most of the time, and never in front of clients.) Bucky, on the other hand, has at least one tattoo with the word ‘Hell’ in it visible on his person, and who knows what his shirt hides. He is also standing in Steve’s office with his hair pulled back in a messy bun, wearing a grey Radiohead t-shirt so faded that you can practically see his nipple piercings through it. He’s got pair of jeans with a hole in the knee on, and Steve thinks that hole came from actual wear, instead of being bought pre-torn. Perhaps the most endearing part of the ensemble is Bucky’s pair of scuffed Doc Martens, one of which is held together on the back heel with duct tape.He looks horribly out of place in Steve’s office, which is immaculate, and decorated in white and chrome. It’s almost sterile in its professionalism, and while Steve’s staff and clients brings it to life, he can’t help but like the juxtaposition of Bucky Barnes’ tattoos with the white vase of daisies on a side table, which Steve’s staff replaces every three days, on the dot.“Hi Mr. Barnes—“ Steve starts.“Bucky,” Bucky gently corrects with a smile.“Bucky,” Steve says, feeling his cheeks heat up. “Hi.”“Think we covered that,” Bucky says. America snorts.“Oh, uh, sorry!” Steve tries smiling as best he can, then gestures to America. “This is America Chavez, one of my assistants. She’s a lifesaver.”“Hey,” America says, cool as a cucumber.“Hey,” Bucky says, shooting her a grin. He turns back to Steve. “And don’t apologize,” he says, waving a hand. “I’m just here because you forgot this at the studio,” he says, walking to Steve’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Wedding Planning
Alternate Universe - Wedding Planner
Alternate Universe - Tattoo Parlor
Tattoos
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Punk Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

