Chapter 1: A Dead Agent's Gun
    


Notes:
Warning - very vague references to potential ill treatment (non-con/torture) of Wanda Maximoff during her incarceration on The Raft in Civil War.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Washington, DC
Spies are used to gunshots. It comes as part of the territory.Therefore, this should mean that heads of intelligence agencies should also be used to gunshots.Well, maybe just those who came up through the ranks. Those that lived long enough.The heads appointed by their political masters, on the other hand... When shit started to go down, they tended to whimper, and faint, and usually needed to be rescued by their more experienced deputies.Anyways, most of the leaders seated around the table in Washington, DC, to discuss the SHIELD threat, were more of the former. It was the usual suspects in the great game: Brits, Germans, Russians, Chinese, Brazilians, South Africans - although most noted it was quite unusual to see the Australians stalk in, take a seat and glower as if something had been stolen from them. As international threats go, SHIELD had become a big one. An American organization, that was supposed to be long dead, now seemed to be very much alive, thank you. A now dead Director who claimed to be Inhuman, but wasn't. No obvious oversight, no clue as to their intentions, and dead silence through the usual channels instead of reassurance. The only thing that anyone could tell about SHIELD was that they were allying themselves with, if not outright recruiting, the "people" calling themselves Inhumans. What was their endgame?As soon as the meeting started, 2 hours late, everyone knew that something was up. All of them knew a stall when they saw it.Glenn Talbot was stalling like hell.Until SHIELD Agent Daisy Johnson walked in and shot him in cold blood,that is. But even with the Inhuman finally showing her true colours, it wasn't until much later that the real shock was even remotely recognized. And it only truly registered with a select few who had a chance to think back to Talbot's last words before his coma. Then watched the tape...the full tape...not the one "leaked" to the press.
"Daisy, thank God. Is Coulson with you?"
While admittedly there are many people named Coulson in the world, there is only one man with that face and unflappable nature, the man at Nick Fury's right hand for years. The legendary Agent who could not be bribed, bought or seduced. The man who just came rushing into the conference room, cutting down the Russian delegation, taking aim at the American MPs and then running out the back door with the strange book the Russians brought with them.The trouble was that Phil Coulson had been dead for 5 years, KIA in the Battle of New York.Yes, spies are used to gunshots. What they aren't used to is a dead man firing them.Someone had a lot of explaining to do. Unfortunately, with Talbot in a bloody coma, and SHIELD literally blown to bits, there didn't seem to be anyone left to do the explaining.Fortunately, for Phil Coulson at least, more than just a select group of spies were watching.

Wakanda
King T'Challa looked at his band of powered refugees. They stayed out of the way, mostly, sparring in the gym, practicing against each other with their powers and equipment, watching the outside world unfurl without their intervention on CNN and the BBC.Speaking of which..."Captain Rogers, you may want to see this."Steve Rogers looked up. "Yes, sir. Is it serious?"T'Challa sighed. Over a year now, and he still couldn't convince Steve to call him anything but sir."I'm not sure, but it does concern the new SHIELD organization and the powered people you are monitoring."Clint Barton came over."I really don't like that they've resurrected SHIELD as a wishy washy political tool, Steve. Too many of us have died defending those hacks in Washington. Seems like a slap in the goddammed face.""Language, Barton." Clint rolled his eyes."Steve, we destroyed SHIELD for a reason." Sam Wilson put his hand on Steve's shoulder. "Too many secrets and lies, corrupted from the beginning."Steve scowled at Sam. "Not quite the beginning."Sam held up his hands. "No, not with Peggy and Howard Stark. But shortly afterwards, you have to admit it."Steve nodded sadly. "The dream never quite matched the reality, did it?"Wanda Maximoff said softly, "The registration of...enhanced...people, the enforcement of the Sokavia Accords, continued under SHIELD's watch. That's more than enough reason to stay away from them."T'Challa grimaced. He didn't care to think of what Wanda had endured on The Raft, but by the way her teammates moved to protect her when she faltered at times, he wasn't sure he wanted to know.T'Challa said, "If you will come this way, I believe Ms. Carter has it queued up in the screening room."Steve sketched a salute, and the rest of the team moved to follow their leader. Entering the screening room, T'Challa closed the doors beh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Alphonso "Mack" Mackenzie/Yo Yo Rodriguez
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse

freeform: 
Agents of SHIELD Season 4 finale
It's All Connected
Phil Coulson belongs in Infinity Wars
Protective Avengers
Team Cap - Freeform
Once an Avenger
Always an Avenger
Inhumans - Freeform
Mild swearing - Sorry Steve
Team Iron Man
Marvel's Most Wanted
Strange's cloak has a mind of its own
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Strike Team Delta
Terragen Crystals are not appropriate fish food
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Dr. Strange needs to work on people skills
Awesome Wanda Maximoff
BAMF Skye | Daisy Johnson
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
BAMF Yo-Yo Rodriguez
Stark Industries
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Protective Melinda May
Not Agents of SHIELD Season 5 Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Team as Family
Agents of SHIELD relatives
The Ants Came Back
Yo-Yo does not like robots
Melinda May’s parents are badasses too
Pre- Infinity War
Author has trouble with time zones
Cameos
Character Death
Heart of a Hero
Be Careful What You Wish For
Infinity War Reference
H Squared

fandom: 
Alphonso "Mack" Mackenzie/Yo Yo Rodriguez
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Lance Hunter/Bobbi Morse

