Chapter 1: August 24th, 2017
    




Chapter Text
August 24th, 2017     The frigid night air would usually bite if it hadn’t been for his new suit upgrade, providing Peter with adequate insulation. He takes a break on a ledge overlooking the glowing city of his beloved Queens. Yeah, the suit really is better than he could have ever imagined. He’s gone from an average high school freshman, target practice for all his favorite bullies, to a hero among the Avengers themselves. If only the walls around his heart offered a semblance of warmth. The wall came right up when Aunt May was hit by a wrong-way driver on the freeway. He was at school when the T.V. in the cafeteria showed the devastating wreck from an aerial view. He jumped out of his chair, knocking it down once he recognized the car, feeling his heart squeeze and lungs deflate. Everyone stared at him but he didn’t care, he had a life to save.      He used all the power he had, all the superhuman strength he possessed to catapult himself through the city. Vision tunneling, focused on the one life he can’t lose. By the time he reached the smoking vehicles at the side of the freeway, Aunt May was being cut out using the Jaws of Life. He felt his knees turn to jelly, his stomach leap into his throat, unable to move an inch closer. He didn’t feel like the sarcastic, quick witted, friendly neighborhood human-arachnid. Hell no. He felt like the six-year-old Peter who watched his parents leave without an explanation. He felt like the time his Aunt made him go to the doctors to get his shots but couldn’t get out of the car due to paralyzing fear, so she had to reschedule. He felt like he was watching his Uncle die all over again. His breath caught when he saw his aunt’s lifeless arm flop to the side of the car. Pieces of glass littered her once glowing skin, however now, it was covered in small streams of blood.      The Avengers were kind enough, and more than willing, to take in the orphaned child. Despite their obvious dislike of the fifteen-year-old’s night patrols, he’s made a vow to protect the innocent. He can’t risk losing another person just because the Avengers gave him a curfew. It’s his fault he couldn’t be there to save his Aunt, he won’t make that same mistake.      He swings from building to building, listening to the cars honking and people talking on their phones as they scurry home for the night. A distant calling has him changing direction mid swing and Peter goes to what seems to be a distress-sounding woman. Yet, she sounds so…familiar…just like…no, she’s gone, Peter. Stop being ridiculous, he thought. However, he swings faster to reach the woman.      He lands quietly on the sidewalk just outside an empty parking garage. He hears the woman again, closer this time, and doesn’t hesitate before entering the abandoned garage. It’s difficult to distinguish the origin with the echoes bouncing off the walls, but it sounds like she could be on the second level. He jumps out one of the side openings and shoots a web onto the upper floor opening. He lands on the ledge and immediately sees a woman struggling in a man’s hold.      “Not sure if you grasp the concept of what the word “no” means, but here’s a little hint: it means no!” Peter’s voice was muffled by his mask, but still clear enough to understand.      The man turns around, not seeming surprised by Spider-Man’s presence. The young hero notices a gun to the woman’s head and puts his hands out.      “Woah, hey there. Don’t need to do anything you’ll regret. Just let her go,” Peter said, stepping off the ledge.      “Now, here’s a delectable treat. Spider-Man. All clad in your tight spandex and ready to save the day. Here’s a thought: how about you and I have ourselves a little game, hmm?” His voice reverberates around them, a calm kind of insanity radiates off him in waves. “Doesn’t she look familiar, Ssspidey?”      Fisting her brown hair in a harsh grip, he thrusts the woman’s head up. She yelps, tears already streaming down her face. She pleads meekly but is instantly shushed by the assailant. He’s right. She looks just like Aunt May, even with all the freckles covering her nose and cheeks. Spider-Man – no, Peter feels his legs stumble forward, his heart lurching. But, he must stay strong; she isn’t Aunt May.      “What do you want?” He said, hoping his voice was stronger than how he felt.      “To play, I thought I said that already?” The man whined, stomping his foot like a petulant child.       “Just tell me what you want and let her go,” Spider-Man said. The assailant gave a smirk making his spider-sense go through the roof. But he can’t figure out why.      “Fine,” He turns to the woman in his grasp and presses his lips to her ear, “Be a doll, dear, and take out that toy we were discussing earlier, won’t you?”      She goes into the man’s inner-coat pocket and takes out something that glints in the moon’s light. She holds it with shaking hands until he tells her to toss it on the groun
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)
Peter/Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker/Original Character(s)
Peter/Original Character(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Underage Rape/Non-con
Swearing
Violence
Sexual Content
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Abuse
Sexual Slavery
Sexual Violence
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Psychological Torture
Genital Torture
Cock & Ball Torture
Fucking
Poor Peter
Poor Peter Parker
Kidnapped
kidnap
Kidnapping Peter
Sadism
Light BDSM
Character Death
Original Character(s)
Bottom Peter
Whipping
Collar
spider-man homecoming - Freeform
i'm terrible and i'm sorry
Blood and Gore
Graphic Description
Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Self Confidence Issues
Self-Esteem Issues
Suicidal Thoughts

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)
Peter/Original Male Character(s)
Peter Parker/Original Character(s)
Peter/Original Character(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

