Work Text:
(The video of the bunker was streamed live, because of course it was. Zemo was a clever son of a bitch even in the depths of his grief but Tony knows he didn’t think big enough.  Zemo planned to die - or get arrested - and so lost all control of the outcome. Tony is alive and free and he has decades to prove the bastard wrong.) Natasha watches all the press conferences and interviews from Wakanda. It’s masterful, the way Tony Stark plays the media, spinning the story. The most impressive and horrifying thing is that he barely even has to lie. 
“Have you had any contact with the Rogue Avengers?”

“Given that I have a restraining order out on them, I do not expect to come within 500 feet of them for the next five years.”
Natasha knows the restraining order is real, even if Clint is adamant it is just a publicity stunt. It’s a brilliant move: criminalizing not only their getting close to Stark, but also them accessing any Stark property, including the Avengers Compound upstate. The burden of proof for a restraining order is significantly lower and falls under American jurisdiction, unlike charges for actions in Berlin and Siberia which would be subject to the local court system. Wanda advocates confronting Stark, but Natasha will not take part in it. Violating a restraining order is classified as a misdemeanor and can get bumped up to a felony in conjunction with other crimes, like breaking and entering or assault. A restraining order won’t protect Stark in the moment if they go after him, but it will ensure he gets the last word with regard to the authorities. 
 “I applaud King T’Challa’s efforts to continue work on the Sokovia Accords. If he shows as much determination in continuing his father’s work as he did in seeking his father’s killer, I expect the Accords will be executed very soon.”
Natasha wonders if T’Challa winced when he saw that clip, if he understood it for the rebuke it was. A reminder of the hypocrisy of T’Challa calling for peace and understanding when he had hunted down his own father’s killer for revenge. Compared to Tony’s other appearances, this one is practically civil, even complimentary, if you didn’t hear the slight emphasis he put on executed and the way it guilts T’Challa into continuing to support the Accords. It seems Stark can do subtle after all. 
“Do you have any idea where the fugitives have gone?”

“Considering the fact that King T’Challa was the one to deliver Zemo into custody and was therefore at the bunker and not incapacitated, I think you should be asking him that question. I was certainly not the one to get them out of Siberia, nor was I the one to break them out of the Raft.” 
Or maybe not so subtle. That is a threat clear enough for even the interviewer to see, judging by her discomfort. Stark is well-known for handling the media, but Tony has lost his patience for politeness. Once upon a time Natasha would have mistaken it for poorly-managed temper, but now she recognizes it as clear manipulation, a deliberate outburst to invoke a specific response. 
 
 “Barnes was indeed a prisoner of war and I cannot see how he could be held responsible for the Winter Soldier’s actions. However, he apparently broke his programming during the Shield fiasco, so it seems to me that all actions taken in the three years since then lie solely at his feet. 
“On the other hand, nobody has ever seen torture and conditioning on this scale before and it is impossible to know his true state of mind. It could be argued that Barnes is and was non compos mentis in which case he needs extensive therapy in a secure environment, for his own safety and the safety of others.”The argument wouldn’t hold up in a court of law, but Stark is holding trial in the court of public opinion, and winning. He presents a false dichotomy: either Barnes was completely free of all control and making conscious decisions in Bucharest, Berlin, and Siberia, or he is still under the influence of Hydra. Either he spends the rest of his life in jail or in a heavily guarded mental institution. Most people will be so shocked that Tony is waiving Barnes’ responsibility for his parent’s murder away that they won’t look too closely at the rest of his argument. Tony comes out smelling like roses, a grieving man extending justice and mercy. 
 “Despite their pasts, former-agents Romanoff and Barton had worked loyally for Shield for years before joining the Avengers. Director Fury vouched for them, and at the time we did not know how unsound his judgement truly was. I understand the Accords are being amended as we speak to tighten up the vetting process for Avengers.”
Tony manages to discredit Fury and insinuate Natasha and Clint are Hydra all in one soundbite. Natasha is as impressed as she is furious, because people are going to believe him. She has been outplayed and it rankles, to know that she underestimated Tony Stark so badly. 
 “Anger is understandable, but I beg for understanding for Wanda Maximoff. She is very y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
News Media
Public Relations
Not A Fix-It
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
None
