Chapter 1: *
    




Chapter Text




 His mother was beautiful.A flame among the darkness, and what many had seen as a guiding light. Upon his birth she had looked upon him with warm eyes and a gentle smile. Held him close to her chest. If he could see her, he would have said that maybe she was truly happy, in that first moment he opened his eyes.Before the harshness of reality snuffed out any lingering hope.Hera, the supreme goddess, patron of marriage and childbirth, was not very good at being a wife and mother. She may be the goddess of family, but she did not understand that kind of love.She did not feel it.Love was supposed to be unconditional. Not fire, but the sun. A constant burning desire.Hera only saw symbols of power and standing.The only emotion she felt that was close to love was pride, but even that only appeared for her family when she thought it was earned. Love was too human for Hera. Maybe once she might have desired to feel the emotion, especially after seeing how happy it could make the families she created, but at the end of the day she was a goddess. And goddesses could not afford to feel love.But she could afford possessiveness.And jealousy.And so when Zeus - that arrogant fool - had a goddess named Athena independent of her, she decided to have another child (with another) as revenge. Zeus would surely pay attention to her then. After all, was that not the only thing that mattered?But as the dreaded day came quickly for Hera, she wondered if giving birth to this child was worth it. She already had a son, but Hera knew gaining another would result in her husband’s presence, because that's what new fathers do.So she waited in her chambers.And waited.And waited.Hermes, the messenger god, came and went.
Zeus would never arrive.
There was nothing. And Hera, exhausted, wrung out, cried in anguish because she did not want a child, she would not love them, she wanted her husband, and this had all been pointless.Why would he not be here? Was she not the perfect wife and woman? Was he that much of a fool to miss her giving birth to “his” son?She was beyond frustrated and disappointed, but she took a deep breath. Let it out. Took another just to ring herself in.She was a goddess.The bastard of a child was not worth her tears.She only needed to change her focus, and Hera did not mind playing the long game.So she looked at her son, “Hephaestus,” she had muttered, and saw pride for herself alone, because she was going to use him to gain her husband’s attention.Zeus was going to grovel before her by the end of this. He was going to beg.  Hephaestus’s father, Zeus, had always been unstable.In every way possible.This did not mean he was unkind, but rather he was unfaithful and slightly temperamental.He acted without care, and still too much passion. Zeus was the god of the sky and rain. The supreme ruler of the Olympian gods.His weapon, a thunderbolt, was hurled at those who displeased or defied him.Marriage to Hera was out of necessity for an heir, but at one time he thought he was in love.It was the closest to love he could be without feeling it. An obsession with a beautiful woman and the joy of a challenge to win her affections.Now, he knew he often tested her patience, as he was infamous for his many affairs among all of the gods and mortals.Their relationship could only be described as the worst kind of explosive.But they worked. Somehow.They shared an understanding. Ambition. A certain greed for power.But that didn't mean Zeus cared about the boy's birth. He made it abundantly clear from the start that he wouldn't even try. Zeus was off, seducing a new woman that had caught his eye.Perhaps Zeus and Hera had been in love, a long time ago, but even then it was not the love of ballads, sonnets, and reverence. It was not the love mortals wrote about in their tales of the gods.   “Hephaestus, present yourself in the throne room. Your father must see you.”The little boy jerked his head up suddenly from the echoed shout.Soft curls bounced, reflecting almost blue hues in black hair. Already sharp, sharp amber eyes snapped into focus.He scrambled up off the floor covered in unknown trinkets and tools, before warm hands reached out to steady him.“Slow down for a moment, your highness.” There was a breathy chuckle, “You’ll break something.”“Ares!” Hephaestus grinned, “Mother just called me.”“I heard.” Ares replied, “But take a second so I can fix you up.”The little boy tried to wiggle out of his brother’s embrace, but failed when the grip did not loosen.“No getting out of this one. Gotta be clean for the big guy.”Hephaestus wanted to whine, but relented.The god of war, usually so harsh and violent, softly brushed through the disarrayed curls. Ares snapped his fingers so a small set of formal robes replaced the ones covered in grease.A few grumbles slipped, and so Ares lifted his chin up to make eye contact.He told Hephaestus to be on his best behavior because they were all going to a feast as a family t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howling Commandos & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Steve Rogers
Angst with a Happy Ending
Alternate Universe - Gods & Goddesses
Gods
Greek Mythology - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Greek Mythology
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Tony is Hephaestus
Slow Burn
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Awesome Howling Commandos
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Magic
Tony Stark-centric
BAMF Tony
BAMF Steve Rogers
Immortal Tony Stark
Immortality
God Tony
Magical Realism
Adventure & Romance
Self-Esteem Issues
Mutual Pining
Supernatural Elements
Palladium Poisoning
Oblivious Tony Stark
Getting Together
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Technopathy
Basically
Extremis Tony Stark
Infinity Gems
Identity Porn

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Howling Commandos & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

