Work Text:



art by Riakomai [LINK TO TUMBLR]
Steve had been firm. Bucky’s calves were tied down to his thighs to keep his legs folded tightly under him. With his arms tied together behind him and knees spread apart, there was nothing to stop Steve from handling Bucky however he saw fit. And Steve didn’t hesitate to make his desires clear; with Bucky he wouldn’t hold back, especially after today. Steve had pulled out the old barrack box almost as soon as he got in the door. His hands were as steady as ever as he used their good hemp rope to tie Bucky down: nothing showy, just knots over knots over knots until the stress points were all reinforced and Bucky was wrapped up tightly in a simple but effective pattern.Red marks blossomed on Bucky’s skin as Steve laid a dozen strikes up one of Bucky’s thighs with the crop. He paused to assess the effect, and then laid a dozen strikes down the other in a neat mirror of the first. Steve -- ever the perfectionist -- liked the symmetry of it, the orderliness. Bucky liked the searing, perfect pain that pushed every other thought out of his head.Bucky rocked back against the plug Steve had worked into him. His cock twitched, hopeful. “I--”“Did I say you could talk?”Bucky shuddered as Steve ran the leather tongue of the crop over his thighs. The welts were starting to come up, bright red and shocking against the bluish-pale skin of his legs. The uniform kept him covered from his chin down to his toes; neither of them spent much time in the sun anymore.Bucky strained against the rope. It held. He shook his head.“No.” Steve said, agreeing. The crop slipped between Bucky’s legs. Bucky tensed as Steve slid the tab under his balls. Steve lifted them slightly, just enough to feel their weight -- just enough to make known the implicit threat.Implicit was never enough for Bucky. “Steve, I--” and the rest was a choked-off cry as the tab end landed sharply against his balls. Bucky jerked backwards instinctively but the ropes caught him, held him pinned in place by Steve’s side. Steve had tied him good and tight.“Stay still.”Bucky let out a strangled groan. The enormous, ridged plug Steve had started working into his ass was slippery with lube. He wanted to shove himself back onto it, fill himself with it. Let it stretch him out wide and maybe Steve would--“Yes?” Steve’s hand wound tight into his hair. Bucky nodded, greedy for the bright burning pain of it. “Hold still then.”Steve knew him well enough not to hold back. The first strike fell solidly on the left side of his balls, the next on his right. A quick set of three blows right against the center rocked him back onto his heels and down onto another ridge of the plug. He let out a startled gasp at the stretch of it. Steve took it as invitation and picked up his tempo, flogging Bucky’s balls with the crop until he had to grit his teeth to hold back the sounds trying to escape from his mouth.Bucky counted to fifteen, sixteen, seventeen and then lost track as Steve shifted his attention to the delicate skin behind Bucky’s balls. Steve’s strikes fell precisely along the midline. This was familiar territory for him; Steve had years of practice and knew exactly where to land his hits for maximum impact. Steve knew his target inside and out: tied up and edged, with Steve looming over him still half in his field uniform blacks like a particularly vengeful shadow, Bucky was what S.H.I.E.L.D. analysts would call a ‘soft target’.Steve worked his way backwards to where Bucky’s ass was stretched tight around the huge plug. His sensitive rim was pulled too tight to react to the touch of the crop, but the rest of him was starting to shake under the strain. Steve paused to spread Bucky’s legs open wider, targeting the sensitive skin to either side of his stuffed hole. Bucky knew from experience that he bruised up easily there, and he guessed his ass would be black and blue by the time Steve was satisfied. His dick throbbed. Bucky bit down on the inside of his cheek to stay quiet as Steve systematically beat his thighs, his balls, his ass, right up to the edge of his hole.The plug was murder. Bucky couldn’t help tensing up at each blow, and Steve timed his strikes so Bucky recovered enough to relax a bit before the next hit landed. It meant he was clenching rhythmically around the plug, squeezing it internally like he was milking the damn thing. The net effect was to pull the plug deeper into his ass, where it nudged against his prostate and worked him up even more. Steve had got it made special just for him: hard and glossy like the red star on his arm no amount of scrubbing or solvent had been able to remove. Even tied up on his knees, Bucky had seen the tell-tale flash of red when Steve pulled it out of the box he kept under the bed. It’d meant Steve had a plan. Which was fine. Good, even. If anything could burn him clean it was this, it was Steve.Steve tapped the crop at the taut rim of Bucky’s ass. Bucky’s skin came up in goose bumps in a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Rope Bondage
Cock & Ball Torture
Nipple Torture
Breathplay
Flogging
Caning
Sounding
Orgasm Control
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Prostate Milking
Rimming
Crying During Sex
Mild Verbal Humiliation
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Sub Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Dom Steve Rogers
Painplay
Stuffing
BDSM
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

