Work Text:
“Mr. Stark what are your thoughts on the rogue Avengers?” “Mr. Stark is it true that you offered Steve Rogers to talk several times?” “Mr. Stark!” “Mr. Stark?” The noise dwindled as Tony got inside the limo that was waiting for him outside the courthouse, Pepper immediately handed him a glass of lemonade and smiled at him. “You were wonderful today Tony” she said, Tony smirked at her. “Aren’t I always wonderful Peps? You wound me right here” he said pointing to his heart, she laughed with him and handed him a StarkPad. “Walters is ready to handle the press and just signed the accords” she said as he read the contract that Pepper had drawn for his new lawyer. “And was she okay with it? Just like that?” he asked, Pepper gave him a look. “Well Tony, not every person you know is a complete dickhead, some are actually quite nice and quite protective of you, we’ll fill the gaps left by those morons in no time” she said, her hand on his leg. “Together?” “Together” 
 Jennifer Walters fixed her skirt for the twentieth time that morning; Pepper had assured her that everything was to go down smoothly. She had met Tony Stark several weeks ago when the videos had dropped; he had sauntered into her house, his phone playing a rendition of “It’s not easy being green” and a bag of Italian food. She stood in a mid haze as he explained that he wanted her to be her lawyer regarding the Accords mess and everything that came with it. After a really weird dinner and several meetings with Pepper Potts she was here, defending Tony Stark in a press conference. She walked out to the panel, she was green today as it made her feel more comfortable, she eyed the reporters and raised a defying eyebrow before taking the podium. “Hello, my name is Jennifer Walters and I am here in behalf of Dr. Stark, I will be answering any question you may have regarding what has been happening lately, as long as I can give you an answer I will” she said and with that the reporters started shouting their questions, she rolled her eyes and motioned for one of the personnel in charge of order to hand a microphone to one of the reporters. “Good day Miss Walters, my name is Lorelle Pike with the Daily Budge, we want to know why Mr. Stark is not handling his press conferences himself” the reporter said, Jennifer nodded at her. “Well Miss Pike, Dr. Stark has still much work to do regarding the Accords and his recovery as well with several other projects that he has been working on for Stark Industries, do remember that he has a company to run” she said as polite as she could muster, the reporter had the decency to look ashamed, another reporter took a microphone. “Miss Walters, I would like to know how Mr. Stark will handle Steve Rogers and his band of merry fellow” said a man in his thirties that for all could have been Irish. “Mr. Stark will of course be filling a lawsuit against Captain Steve Rogers for attempted murder as for the others our legal team will have the plaintiffs ready when the time comes, but I assure you that every action that Dr. Stark will take will be a legal one as we are trying to make the individuals that the media has taken to call as Rogue Avengers to answer for what they did, be it to what they did to Dr. Stark or the victims of their heists, Dr. Stark’s legal team will work towards fair trials and fair punishment for their actions, any other question?” Several hands rose up. 
 “Miss Van Dyne, to what do I owe your visit?” asked Pepper, as Hope Van Dyne sat in front of her. “I’ve been trying to get in communication with Dr. Stark, as you can see I haven’t been successful, the suit that Scott Lang used in Leipzig is property of Pym Technologies, I want to help right a wrong” she explained, Pepper raised an eyebrow, but handed the woman a thick booklet. “Those are the Sokovia Accords Miss Van Dyne, Dr. Stark has been correcting them along with our lawyer appointed to the cause, Jennifer Walters” Pepper said, Hope took the booklet and smiled. “I read them already but thanks for the sentiment Miss Potts, I am willing to sign and become an Avenger, I heard they were a bit short on heroes” she said, still smiling, Pepper hummed noncommittally. “You will meet with Dr. Stark tomorrow at ten for a late brunch at Avengers Tower” Pepper said handling Hope a badge “Don’t make me regret this Miss Van Dyne, and please do take that copy of the Accords, any correction that you might see opportune be sure to make it known” “Of course Miss Potts” 
  “Thank you Mr. Stark, you really shouldn’t have to” said Laura Barton as Tony showed her around. “It’s nothing Miss Barton and for the tenth time its Tony, I have no doubt that dear ol’ thunderbolt will try to get to you and your children, here you will be protected and Friday and Vision can keep you safe” Tony explained with a winning smile, Laura smiled gratefully at him. “Although I have to ask, Tony, why Tennessee?” Laura asked, Tony snorted. “Why not? No one will suspect another single moth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
and it goes on
Not A Fix-It
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
but if you mess with him he'll crush you
really - Freeform
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Tony Stark
America Loves Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Can be read as Post Spiderman Homecoming
its fluffy in parts
I love Tony Stark okay?
MIT
Fox News reporters
Tony dont need no Steve cause Tony has people who really loves him

fandom: 
None
