Work Text:
Siberia is cold when she lands, but she brushes it off, she's here to help to Steve. She knows that Zemo plans to unleash the other soldiers and Steve, Steve is alone with just Barnes to help him. Natasha walks in cautiously, Friday helping her scan everything in her way.
 
The cold somehow reminds her of Rhodey, her poor Rhodey who was probably never going to run again, he was never going to chase her again for the last bag of Doritos around the house, she closes her eyes pushing the thought away, Rhodey was going to be fine, more than fine, she was Natasha Edith Stark, she was going to make sure of it.
 
It was even colder inside the bunker and Natasha couldn't help but to feel dread creeping up on her, all of her senses where screaming at her to get the hell out of that place. When she finds Steve and Barnes they regard her warily and she does her best to push her own uneasiness out of the way.
 
"Friday says that there is someone else here with us," she says softly and Steve gives her a small smile, she almost feels reassured.
 
"Good" he says, "Let's take it one at a time"
 
That doesn't really reassure her as she had hoped so, she looks at Barnes to find that he's looking at her strangely, not reassuring at all.
 
She walks in between Steve and Barnes, the suit making each of her steps seems like a travesty, the uneasiness is knotting in her stomach, the walk into a dimly lit room that opens up into an even creeper hallway and then a small lab, she notices that everything is dead and she suddenly doesn't understand what is going on.
 
"If it helps, they died in their sleep" says a voice to her left and she turns firing and hoping not to have to ask questions later, Zemo laughs at her, at them. "Did you really think that I wanted more of you?" He asks cruelly.
 
"What?" Natasha asks but it is no more than a whisper. Something moves, a metal plate slides and suddenly there is Zemo smiling behind a window, Steve wastes no time and throws his shield at it, Zemo laughs again and Natasha can feel her patience wearing thin.
 
"For fuck's sake, I’m loosing my patience here" she snapped, Zemo's annoying laugh resounded again.
 
"Patience Miss Stark, you shall know soon enough why I called you here" he said and she could practically hear a smile in his voice.
 
And Natasha's blood picks up its pace and she knows that a headache it’s approaching. She nears Steve talking to Zemo in the background and the guy mentions something about Steve's eye color, it makes less sense than everything Zemo's done up until this point until it does, it makes sense then.
 
"You lost someone" says Steve vocalizing her thoughts, her eyes find his, her faceplate being up for a while now, and Steve seems nervous, tense, she doesn't like it one bit.
 
"I lost everything" Zemo snaps loosing his cool composure, Natasha feels confused and as the minutes passes she realizes what is that Zemo wants.
 
 
The video breaks her, the fact that Steve, no, Rogers knew that Barnes had killed her parents, her mother ends up shattering her broken remains and she lashes out in fury, in pain. She wants Barnes to hurt, the man killed her mother, fury blinds her actions until she ends up on her back with Rogers hovering over her, his shield up to finish her off.
 
She has nightmares of that moment on repeat for months; they all start the same. She and Rogers having a good time with each other, everything is sweet everything is nice, until he has her on her back, his eyes sharpen and somehow he is slamming the shield down on her. But she heals, Starks are made of steel, she puts herself back together, she mentors the Spiderling, adopts Harley and his little sister when their mother passes and somehow builds herself a small family. Natasha Edith Stark ends up with eight children, Vision, Friday, U, Dum-E, Butterfingers, Peter Parker and Harley and Stella Stark; two brothers Harold Hogan and James Rhodes and a sister Virginia Potts.
 
 
In those months post Siberia she ends up striking a tentative friendship with Hope Van Dyne, Carol Danvers, Laura Barton and Jennifer Walters, those four and Pepper become her sort of support group, with the backing of Rhodey and Happy. She also goes to a shrink, Ms. Palmer, who is kind and doesn't fall asleep when she finally decides to start speaking about her problems. In those months Natasha grows stronger and accepts that it is okay to share the blame with other people ie. Ultron.
 
She of course knows that team asshole is hiding with His Kittiness in Wakanda, knowledge she has had since the breakout at the Raft. She kind of likes T'Challa, he seemed like an okay guy and although he left her in Siberia he had sent an apology letter, a real one anyways and not like the scam that Rogers had sent with the burner phone, His Kittiness had also sent with his card all the confiscated weapons of the rogues as a peace offering, how he had gotten to them was still a mystery, but she had liked the sentiment.
 
Now who sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Stark/Peter Quill
past Natasha Stark/Steve Rogers
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Steve Rogers Feels
BAMF Peter Quill
Female Tony Stark
Awesome Pepper Potts
Consequences
Justice Is Served
Thor Is a Good Bro
Post-Movie: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Gamora is a Good Bro
What-If
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
BAMF Tony Stark
No matter which Gender Tony is a BAMF
Tony goes to therapy
Tony-centric
Tony heals
Tony Feels
Starkquill - Freeform
Space Boyfriend
Sokovia Accords
When the world tells you to move You move Steve
or they will move you
The Author Regrets Nothing

fandom: 
Natasha Stark/Peter Quill
past Natasha Stark/Steve Rogers
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

