Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
 Prologue 
 
Every significant moment in your life is inked on your skin in the form of flowers. 

A first kiss, a perfect day, a favorite memory, a wedding, the birth of a child, and of course, the death of a loved one.

The flowers first appear on your ribs, traveling up your side and across your chest, spreading to your neck and down across your back and if you are lucky, enough bloom to cover your arms and legs. 

By the time you are old, your skin is covered in lovely flowers and leaves and trailing vines, like tattoos that tell your life story, and the more intricate the blooms, the luckier you are.

Some people have flowers with specific meanings-- blooms that signify compassion and care decorate teachers. The best lovers are covered in red flowers for passion and love. Others simply are covered in every flower imaginable, the random colors and designs filling their skin like a meadow filled with happy memories.

Both way are beautiful. 

Both ways are desired.

But then, some people have thorns winding through their flowers, black slashing through the colors. 

These are the people to avoid, the worst people, the people whose souls are so stained with their misdeeds, that it spills out onto their skin for the world to see.

These are the people doomed to be alone.
 
************

Chapter One
 Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a young prince lived in a shining castle, deep in the heart of an endless forest.The Prince was beautiful-- tall and strong with golden blonde hair, light blue eyes that glowed when he laughed, and perfectly smooth skin nearly covered with flowers and blooms because the Prince had had many happy moments in his twenty nine years.But alas, despite his beauty, despite the blooms on his skin, his heart was cold and his smile cruel, his words like barbs when he spoke.Some of the townspeople blamed the late King, rest his soul, for turning the Prince so bitter.After the lovely Queen had passed away shortly after the Prince’s seventh birthday, there had been no one to act as a buffer between the cruel King and the innocent boy, and the Prince had suffered for it.The King lived a life of drinking and partying, using and discarding any beautiful person that caught his eye, man or woman, and the Prince grew up with the same values.What had once been a teasing sense of humour turned sarcastic and cutting. Instead of laughing readily at almost anything, the Prince began only laughing at someone else's misfortune and eventually the years turned the darling little boy into a cynical young man.Others blamed the war that had nearly destroyed their kingdom years before.The Prince had ridden off ahead of their troops as a boy barely of age and had come home a hardened man who had seen too much war.The soldiers told quiet stories of the Prince's surprising talent of fighting with the twin blades known as katanas, how he could decimate an entire platoon just by himself.Spoke even quieter of his many romantic entanglements with the best looking soldiers, of nights spent listening to him find his pleasure, only to see him break the unlucky soldiers heart soon after.And then, just the barest whispers of the way the Prince would laugh as he tore through their enemies, blades flying, taunting and teasing non stop as he killed mercilessly. The way he talked about slaying soldiers as if it was a game, drunk and giggling about it over the fire.But despite their negative feelings and misgivings, all the townspeople waited eagerly for their invitation to the Prince’s 30th Birthday Party, for tonight he was to choose a partner to share the throne.The most handsome men and the most beautiful women made themselves up in their finery, each trying to outshine the other.Unlike most of the other kingdoms, having two Kings, or even two Queens, was not an issue here. Several of the previous rulers had been adopted into the family because the ruling partners could not have a child naturally. Others had been carried by surrogates, and raised as royalty, the idea of “pure” royal blood an outdated concept they refused to engage in.After all, families were about love, and not about bloodlines, so the Prince could choose whoever he wanted.Needless to say, the kingdom was almost in an uproar, each eligible person trying to figure out what they could do to catch the Prince’s eye.As always, the castle was decorated in astonishing, jaw dropping colors. Flowers were imported from all over the world and their petals strewn across the tables and floors. Entertainers from the East wowed the guests with magic, and musicians from all the grandest symphonies played in every corner of the ball room.And in the center of it all, the Prince sat upon his throne, a self satisfied smirk on his handsome face as all the most beautiful people paraded themselves in front of him, each dress more intricate than the last, each suit a richer shade of varying colors, each glance more flirtatious, each smile more prom
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Beauty and the Beast AU
Beast!Wade
beauty!peter
Harry is Gaston
Harry is Ick
Running Away
Wades Voices
Magic
Flowers
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Spideypool - Freeform
Fluff and Angst
Major character death - Freeform
Angst and Smut and Feels
Explicit Sexual Content
Peter is a Virgin
First Times
First Kisses
Tale as Old as Time Dancing
Library
Violent!Wade
Wolves
Witches
Soulmarks
Soulmates
Happily Ever After
Fluff and Smut
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

