Work Text:
Tony grit his teeth as he cast another trinket aside. There wasn’t room for it, not when the small pack he was taking with him back to Earth was already full with souvenirs for the few friends he had left there. He’d picked up the souvenirs in different port towns, here seeing a necklace that he thought Pepper would like, there seeing a trinket that Rhodey would love. Then seeing things for Happy, Vision, Bruce, Stephen, the kid. Things to let them know he had thought of them while he was gone.He wasn’t going to throw away those items just to bring something along for him. Something to remind him of the good times that he’d had with this team. (With this amazing, fun, incredible team.) The important thing was letting the people that had put up with him for years know that he cared about them. His own happiness was secondary. (Besides, he probably wouldn’t be alive very long to enjoy the reminders, anyway.)He closed the pack laying open on his bed, resigned now to the fact that he wasn’t going to be able to bring anything else with him, before casting his eyes around his room for one last look. It was arranged in a neatly-cluttered type of away, various items from their trips around the galaxy placed in whatever area would fit them. Tony never could resist picking up new gadgets to poke at, and he had a secret weakness to souvenirs aimed at tourists. It didn’t help that space was so interesting, with new things to discover in even the simplest of items. Rhodey had always teased that the only reason that the world didn’t know that Tony Stark was a hoarder was because his properties were big enough to hide it. Now that Tony had a much smaller living space, Rhodey had been proven right; and it was showing. Tony had maybe (almost definitely) gone a bit overboard in purchasing things for himself and the Guardians whenever he had the units to.Or maybe he had just gotten too comfortable with thinking that he wouldn’t have to leave.Should’ve known that that wouldn’t have lasted long.Should’ve known that Tony, being Tony, would eventually screw up enough that the team would realize the mistake they had made in bringing him along. Tony was yesterday’s trash. With a few exceptions, the only reason that people didn’t tie him up and throw him away was because they still had some form of use for him. With those few exceptions, people generally acted like they didn’t want him around them otherwise. Tony cursed and slammed a fist sideways against the wall beside his bed before bowing his head to rest against his arm. The Guardians were some of those exceptions. Yeah, they snarked, and they bickered, and they said occasionally cruel things to one another, but… Tony never had reason to truly believe that they didn’t want him around. He had actually felt accepted here. Liked here. And, like always, it was his own fuck ups that had made it end.Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck it ALL TO FUCKING HELL!Tony should have never punched that Sovereign higher up after the guy had managed to corner him alone in the corridor. He knew how fragile the peace between his team and the Sovereign was; Peter had made a point to warn him before the team got there how angry the Sovereign got when disrespected. How the team had just gotten said people to stop trying to kill them.  Tony should never have raised his hand to a guy that was apparently even higher up then the woman they had pissed off the first time around. He should’ve just let the guy fuck him. Yeah, Tony had promised himself that he would never allow something like that happen to him ever again. And yeah, he knew he would feel filthy and sick and like he wanted to die afterward. But at least he would’ve gotten to keep his team. Keep Peter, and whatever they had been building between them for the past eight months that Tony had been with the team. He knew he couldn’t tell the Guardians about what had happened. They were protective enough that they would have tried to kill the man then and there, still would probably try to kill the man, and that would really cause a shit storm. Better that they not know the truth and hate him, then know and get themselves killed.Tony took a deep breath and turned towards the entrance of his room only to freeze at seeing Peter staring back at him. Peter was the first one to speak, eyes fixed on the pack laying on Tony’s bed, “What the hell are you doing, man?”“Packing,” Tony smiled with forced cheer, “Figured I’d get ready so that you guys don’t have to wait for me.” He grabbed his pack from the bed and shouldered it, “I just have one request, if it’s not too much: Don’t leave me on Earth. Yeah, I’d really, really like to visit Rhodey and the other’s before the Sovereign cart me off to kill me or whatever, but I don’t want them getting hurt trying to keep me safe. Just, if you wouldn’t mind giving me an hour or so with them and acting like it’s a quick visit before dropping me off on some moon somewhere, I’d really appreciate it.”As Tony had been speaki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
And Gets One
Hurt/Comfort
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
None of which is done by the heroes
Tony is one of the Guardians
And loves and is loved by his team
Mild spoilers for GOtG: Vol2
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Slightly Team Cap Critical

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

