Work Text:
 The rogue avengers were back in the compound and the only person Tony had even talked to before was Bucky. He had helped in his treatment. Technically he had treated Bucky single handedly. He’d given B A R F and suggested the neuro blockers to Tchalla when the king had asked for his help. He'd even sent a new arm since Tchalla had said they couldn't get it right.As far as he was concerned the rogue avengers were not his headache anymore. They were Nicky’s headache. Nick Fury and Hill had come and hugged him the moment he had left the hospital almost two years ago. 
“I’ll deal with the little shits Tony. You don’t need to concern yourself with them.”
 Maria had actually been crying. Vision, Rhodey and Pepper had been downright pissed at Steve and his mates when they’d seen his state. Needless to say Friday had asked Dum- E to trash that phone and letter. Dum-E had been very happy to comply.  The three had contacted Fury and told him everything. Suffice to say the way Nick Fury’s eyes had widened in anger when he’d seen what had happened had been enough reassurance for the three. Tony had learned everything about Bucky. He’d closed his eyes when he had seen the video of bank vault. Bucky was as much a victim as his parents. His father was a cold man but he didn’t deserve what Hydra did to him. He did care for his father contrary to popular belief.That’s why it had hurt when he was ignored. He will always feel sad that his parents, his mother was taken from him but he couldn’t find it in his heart to blame Bucky anymore.When Tchalla asked for his help he agreed. Tchalla had tried to talk about Steve and the others but he’d stopped the man. They weren’t his anything. They were just people in a room. Work mates. Nothing more. Steve had killed whatever it was between them in Siberia. His words had been true - So was I. He’d meant what he said. That they were friends. Before. At least to Tony. But now they are nothing.  What Steve and the others did not expect was that they might not be the only people who were staying there now. It had been almost two years since their nasty departure. Bucky quietly went to the room assigned to him. He was in no mood to talk to any of Steve’s friends. He hated them and was under no obligation to stay in their presence. Just because he loved Steve didn’t mean he had to tolerate his backstabbing friends and that Hydra agent.When he’d learn about the people who had sided with Steve he had been shocked.Clint was a spy who had worked for shield. Natasha was a target he had to kill with Steve when project insight was supposed to happen, a spy who also worked for shield. He remembered he had shot her before on a mission.  Scott was ex thief. Sam was ex-military. But Wanda…..she was ex HYDRA…………  Rocket saw them and started laughing.“Oh, look the criminals are back.”“I am Groot.”Rocket tried to stifle his laugh.“Yeah, yeah, I know they are even worse than criminals. But I am trying to do right by our friend. The man we consider our family. And unlike these people I know how to respect my family.” Steve, Clint, Natasha, Wanda, Sam and Scott were absolutely flabbergasted. They didn’t know what was more astounding. That a raccoon was talking and making fun of them or he’d just called them criminals.  And who was raccoon’s friend. Clint bristled. “We are not fucking criminals. And who the fuck are you?” Peter looked Clint up and down and snorted. “Sure dude, if that makes you sleep better at night. Though I heard from Thor that a certain Laura Barton had filed for separation when you fucked off to become a criminal.” Clint blanched as he heard that and did not say anything more. No one standing beside him had any retort to that. Steve squashed the feeling of guilt and decided to step up and asked the question which he wanted to say. “Who are you people? Why are you here?” Drax, Nebula, and Mantis were looking at Steve and his team mates as if they were stupid. Gamora and Peter looked at each other then snorted. Rocket was rolling on the floor now. Groot was smiling. Nebula looked extremely bored but answered the question. “Thor said he needed our help in defeating Thanos. That’s why we are here. We are Thor’s acquaintances.” Steve looked a little shocked but didn’t say anything. Before Steve could say anything the door opened and Tony walked in with Rhodey, Happy, Vision and Pepper. Pepper, Rhodey and Vision gave all of them such a cold look that all of them flinched where they stood. Happy did not even look at them. Tony ignored them and went straight to the table and opened the case which had some tools. Bucky suddenly came in the room and when he saw Tony he immediately went to him. His eyes were alive. More than they’d ever been when he was in wakanda. He’d looked downright bored with Steve’s team. Steve flinched as he saw Bucky’s expression. How…. Why was he looking at Tony like that. Tony saw Bucky and smiled kindly at him. “Hey Barnes- Are you okay?” Bucky nodded and everyo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not A Fix-It
not team Cap friendly
Unrequited Steve/Tony - Freeform
Regret
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Minor Gamora/Peter Quill
Mentioned Virginia Pepper Potts/James Logan Howlett

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

