Work Text:
 There were always surprises for Steve in this new world. His life was unpredictable now, a series of new challenges faced him everyday ever since he had received the miracle serum that transformed his body into something incredible. No one had believed Steve when he had said he was an alpha from birth...unfortunately poor nutrition as in infant lead to a series of illnesses that resulted in a stunted growth and so, he didn't have a body that was associated with an alpha male, however Steve always possessed the attitude of an alpha. He never backed down from a fight and was tenacious to the end. It was a blessing when he finally received the body that was worthy of his status. Finding a suitable mate well...he had always suspected that would have been Peggy. Until he awoke 70 years in the future and found himself a lone un-mated alpha amongst a series of viable betas and other alphas. Steve suspected that finding an available omega that he connected with would be off the table in this day. Instead he focused his time on being a full time Avenger, there was no time for romance in his profession. Steve soon discovered there was a lot he still didn't know involving omegas, such as the rare male omega.
The rarest of all were male Omegas. They were a genetic anomaly to the scientific community. They possessed many of the same hormones as females that resulted in a sexual heat, but they lacked any of the organs necessary for pregnancy and were sterile. Male omegas served no purpose in modern society they could not breed and seemed to exist solely for sexual gratification of alphas. It was determined that male omegas served a purpose in population control in early years of human evolution. Since then their development wasn't exactly needed, but nature still liked to have one pop up here and there. Over the years a popular kink developed of both male and female alphas seeking male omegas for domination and control, but they were so rare. In the seedy underground of black markets and human trafficking male omegas fetched a high price.
It came about when the Avengers were called in to assist in breaking up a possible human trafficking ring. Spies like Natasha and Clint were just the people the city needed to get on the inside and send information. Tony wasn't much for the spy work, but he would offer some extra muscle with the Iron Man suit if push came to shove with these people. Bruce volunteered to avoid this one as the subtle nature of this task didn't suit him, and Thor was currently away in Asgard. It was discovered that the entire operation was focused on creating pleasure slaves, or sex dungeons to satisfy alpha and beta desires. They catered to creating the illusion of male omegas in heat and in need of a sexual release. Steve was mortified when Natasha reported in with him.
“I don't understand...why would someone want to take them by force? Who are these clients? Why are they specifically interested in males?” Steve wondered aloud. He knew there was still a lot about the modern world he was blissfully ignorant of, but this just came as a shock.
Natasha tilted her head slightly in a sympathetic gesture of, oh you precious innocent child, before she answered him. “You really don't know do you?” She asked for clarification and Steve just shook his head so Natasha decided to try her best and fill him in. “Steve...are you aware of kinks? You know, sexual kinks?” Another blank stare. “Okay well, people's sexuality can be complicated and the things that they enjoy as well. There are sometimes specific things that turn people on... for example, bondage, like tying someone to a bed, there is impact play like spanking, for others cross dressing, or gags and blindfolds, one of the trending kinks is male omegas in heat. It's become a bit of a fetish for people over the years mainly because of the rarity of true male omegas.”
Steve's cheeks heated up in a blush and tinged pink as he looked away from Natasha while she listed off a number deviant sex acts so casually. He cleared his throat and found his voice. “I thought they were incredibly rare, male omegas that is.”
“They are, but that doesn't stop some of the wealthy from wanting to experience it for themselves. If anything the fact they are so rare increases the gratification for certain individuals. I don't believe all the victims in this are actually omegas, most likely betas that have been drugged and slathered in lube.” Steve made a face at that. “Males secrete their own-”
“-Yes I'm aware of how it works.” Steve interrupted. “I think I've heard enough of this for one day. Let's concentrate on how to get these people out of there and to safety.” Steve called in Clint and Tony and together they went over plans for the rescue mission. Tony was unusually quiet during the briefing, his posture stiff, and his jaw tense as Natasha described the facility and what she had found. Steve had noted it to himself, but otherwise didn't call attention to it. He didn't 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Romance
Anal Sex
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Gay Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Porn with some plot
Knotting
Some Fluff
Masturbation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

