Work Text:
The Soldier lay motionless along the sturdy branch, breathing slowly and evenly, his scope trained on the guards ambling through set patrols. The military base 200 yards away was bordered by forest on one side and a wide, curving river on the other. The Soldier’s breath formed white clouds in the chilly air, but they dissipated before rising above the trees. They wouldn’t give away his position. The Soldier knew this base; he’d been kept here, stored here. It had been hot, then. He remembered the smell of the river drifting in through open windows. Men in suits using manilla folders to fan their faces. Blood (not his) on a bright blue sparring mat.On paper, the base was being leased by a multinational corporation using their own private security contractors. In reality, the base was occupied by Hydra. The Soldier had watched for days to confirm it, ignoring the way his body flinched whenever a too-familiar face appeared in his scope and tugged painfully on ragged threads of memory. It was worth it to be certain.The Soldier was careful. He only acted against Hydra, and he didn’t act until he was sure.But none of that meant he had to make the fight fair.The Soldier dropped to the ground once the sun dipped below the horizon. Dusk came early this time of year, this far north. The evening shift change wasn’t for another few hours. His own work would be done by then. His weapons and equipment were all in place, except for three final pieces. The most important things he saved for last. First, the mask. He clipped the buckle behind his head, tugging the straps until the seal was airtight. The pressure of the mask always sent his mind sliding for a moment, always pulled him back to when the mask was a muzzle. The Soldier stood absolutely still until the vertigo passed. Second, the goggles. He threaded the strap carefully under his hair, making sure a lucky grab wouldn’t be enough to unseat them, and toggled between the different modes--blackout, anti-glare, night vision--before setting them to neutral. Third, the earbuds. These were his newest pieces of equipment, made with his own two hands before his first raid as a free agent. He had spent weeks studying research papers on sound absorption and sourcing the materials before doing the final assembly in the kitchen of his squat house, bent over the counter with the soldering iron dripping into the sink. The Soldier had field tested them in a crowded nightclub, standing inches away from the club’s heaviest speakers, and hadn't been able to pick out a single song lyric from the muffled mass of sound. The earbuds were cool and heavy, their solid weight a reassurance. The Soldier stalked forward, keeping to the shadows. Ahead of him, unknowing, unseeing, the guards continued their predictable rounds. The base was imposing, seemingly impregnable, but nothing was truly secure. Anything could crack under pressure properly applied. Hydra had taught him that.There was a special satisfaction in using weapons Hydra had created to dismantle them. The Soldier counted himself chief among those weapons.“A good dog doesn’t bite the hand that feeds it,” a Handler told him once, just before the pain started.The Soldier was determined to be a very bad dog.
The Soldier disabled the emergency generator first. A few cut wires, a fuel cap unscrewed, and the machine was transformed from a backup power source to a very expensive hunk of scrap metal.The base’s main power supply ran through electrical conduits buried in the road. The Soldier had spent the previous night painstakingly tunneling under a section of road until he could wrap a small shaped charge around the electrical conduit pipe. The explosion wouldn’t be large enough to damage the road above, but it would easily sever a bundle of wires the size of a grapefruit. The Soldier idled in a security camera blind spot, back pressed against cold concrete, and pulled out one earbud. He listened to the background hum of the base behind him and marked the seconds. Three, two, one...Every light in the base went dark at once. Silence rang out like a bell stroke, sudden and oppressive, as every machine in the base went quiet. A moment later voices started to murmur, sounding first confused, then panicked when the emergency lights failed to switch on. The babble grew louder as personnel started to stream out of the exits.The Soldier had left enough smoking craters in his wake that most Hydra personnel now responded to an unexpected blackout by getting the fuck out of the building as fast as possible, which the Soldier appreciated. It made gaining entry undetected much easier. The Soldier scaled the wall he had been leaning against and jimmied open a second-story window, slipping into the base without betraying his position or wasting a single bullet. Personnel evacuating from the higher levels of the building were stampeding down the stairwells. The second floor was already clear. The Soldier found an unresponsive elevator and prie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Pietro Maximoff Lives
and Wanda and Pietro didn't volunteer to work for Hydra
they were kidnapped
just so we're all clear
Found Families
orphan magnet Bucky Barnes
Jewish and Romani Wanda and Pietro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Pietro Maximoff & Wanda Maximoff

