Work Text:
“Are you sure about this, Steve?” Steve sighs. He doesn’t know how many times he can reassure Sam about this. He knows Sam is worried but there are some things he just can’t explain, can’t make Sam see. This is Bucky, and Steve’s not sure how he can ever explain all that’s contained in that one name, that Steve’s entire world can be summed up in Bucky’s name.His past, his future, his present. Bucky.His memories, his sorrows, his joys. Bucky.The air in his lungs, the blood pumping through his veins, the soul that keeps him alive. Bucky. He doesn’t know if Sam has a Bucky in his life and it makes him sad, guilty, he should know this about his friend. He should know all the things that make up Sam. He should. But he doesn’t, he’s unaware of whether or not Sam is consumed by unbearable love, although he feels like maybe he’d know, something that intense and all-consuming changes a person in immeasurable ways. Great and small. Steve isn’t Steve without Bucky. He should be able to see the same in Sam.But then again, Steve is a master at hiding, at sucking down and swallowing all of his pain, at letting people see only what he wants them to see. Only Bucky, and to a slightly lesser extent, Peggy, truly ever knew him. Sam is doing his best getting there, Natasha too, but no one will ever be able to simply look at Steve and read him from top to toe like he’s a goddamn open book like Bucky did. Bucky always made it look so easy. And now he’s gone, and Steve needs to find him, no matter what it takes. There isn’t a single fucking doubt in his mind Buck would do the same for him, each willing to break themselves into pieces and devour themselves whole for the other. It’s just how they are, how they’ve always been, and God willing, what they’ll be again. Nobody knows Steve’s only been hanging by a thread since he woke up, he’s pretty sure people think they have some idea he’s not all here, that parts of him are lost, but they don’t know he’s actually a ghost. Empty and hollow, his insides left behind in a mountain pass in Austria. Going through the motions, fighting because he has to, because it’s right, but only doing so until he can go to sleep in the snow. He had thought that reward was waiting for him, to sleep beside the bones in the snow where he should always have been, but then a mask fell and his chest split apart and now Steve needs to keep fighting. Only this time it’s for everything, and he’s a willing soldier. “Yeah, Sam. I’m sure.” ~*~ Steve looks around the small cabin. It’s basic, but clean and well-stocked and in the middle of nowhere. It’s perfect.Natasha had texted him the directions, but it seems more Clint than Natasha. He’ll have to thank him when he sees him next. Bucky’s still standing next to the truck Steve’d bought for nine hundred bucks and a prayer it’d get them to the cabin. It’s more rust than truck and Bucky blends into it, more remade into different, more worn elements than the Bucky of Steve’s memories. Before the war, before now, when he was soft and beautiful, such a kind, sweet boy with a boisterous, selfless heart. Steve stares at him and wonders if he wants that Bucky back, the one with the wicked smile and filthy mouth and dancing feet. Compared to the Bucky before him right now that one was obscenely innocent, a baby next to this battered, tortured man. The thought makes Steve momentarily nauseated, his mouth filling with saliva. How can he ever wish, even for a second, for anything else than Bucky exactly as he is right now? He knows if their positions were reversed Bucky would love his ghost, and would never once wish for something else. “Wanna see the inside, Buck?”Dark, blank eyes look over at him and anger courses through him. How dare they? How dare they take away the way Bucky always looked at him, the spark of light mixed with soft fondness? They stole from him, and Steve has never been one to let people take things that were never theirs. The anger must radiate off of him in waves because a look passes across Bucky’s eyes, a flicker of reaction to his anger, and it’s something. Even if he doesn’t know it Bucky is still attuned to him, it’s in his core, and no matter what they did to him they couldn’t take that away. It makes Steve happy, it’s a small thing, but not insignificant. It’s a place to start. He is still inside of Bucky, and that’s all that matters. Bucky isn’t totally empty, he’s far from a lost cause, although Steve knows even if he was, if everything inside Bucky was gone, it wouldn’t stop him from fighting. Steve will fight for Bucky until he destroys himself doing it, and he’ll happily go down in the flames. “Grab your bag, come inside,” Steve says in lieu of an answer from Bucky. He decides not to look over his shoulder and instead trusts that Bucky will eventually follow. He doesn’t want to hover, he doesn’t want to push.Once he’s inside Steve starts unpacking the bags of groceries he carried in. Natasha had said there would be the basics alrea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Emotional Hurt
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Established Relationship
Recovered Memories
Artist Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
True Love
Friendship/Love
Codependency
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Bathing/Washing
Intercrural Sex
Sharing a Bed

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

