Work Text:
 He shouldn't have left.It was not a spur of the moment decision when he left. The wizarding World was getting too much for him to bear. He had defeated Voldermort; however the cost was too great. He lost Hermione to a blood boiling curse, and that costed him Ron's sanity. The Weasley matriarch fell alongside five of her children; it left only Arthur, Ron and George behind. Neville was crippled for life; and the Order of Phoenix had the most devastating end.None of them were able to control what happened next—Fudge stepped in and controlled the whole magical world in his hands. Fudge was no longer the silly jelly minister of magic, he turned one eighty into dictatorship. Apparently it was either he has hidden himself properly for the past years he had been leading as the minister or Voldermort possessed him somehow. Anyway, Fudge blamed both death eater and the order for the destruction caused and arrested all of them. Harry was pardoned since he was the Boy Who Lived, but his friends were not so lucky. Hermione was framed as a muggeborn activist and was sent to exile; the Weasley families were charged with many accusations; was forced to pay and ended up in exile as well since they were bankrupt. Harry tried to pay for them, but Fudge won't allow it. They even caught Luna and accused her of false news. She was sent to Azkaban and passed away in a few weeks.Furthermore, Fudge thought he could use Harry to increase his popularity, thus he gave the boy many, many privileges in exchange of '24 hour's security'. In essence, Harry couldn't run anywhere. The aurors were around him 24 hours, one even placed on his side at all time. There was no place of privacy; he even had the guard standing beside him while he was taking the piss or dump in the toilet. Especially since his body awakened from his 18 birthday, and he found out he was an omega.Omega/beta and alpha are not the common thing—most of the wizarding world are level neutral. However, these traits were heavily inherited in mundane society; thus Harry knew that he got it from his mother. His mother was a beta herself; a strong and beautiful beta.It came with several changes inside and outside his body—some changes that was really unwelcome and made Harry vulnerable. Especially since Fudge thought he was a fair game now since Harry became more effeminate and easily dominated. Harry was sick of all those games, the politics ala Dumbledore, and all the sadness around him. He had lost everything.And that was why one night he took off without telling anyone, hitting the guard beside him with sudden body binding spell; taking only with him the deathly hallows and his photo album.
Being in America wasn't as easy as he thought.He just realizes the meaning of being an omega. There weren't many real alpha mundane left, and thus some stronger beta fancied themselves as 'second rank alpha' and felt that omega was a fair game for them. There weren't many unbounded omega left in New York, causing Harry's presence to be very obvious among the New York citizen.He ended up living under his invisibility cloak—it was the only way to hid himself. Although it wasn't perfect either—his scent was still very strong, and intoxicating. He didn't have anyone to teach him how to control the scent since he was a wizard with least muggle background. (Vernon, petunia and Duddley were betas).It was only his luck as Harry Potter the bad luck magnet when he was caught in the middle of some kind of fight against alien. He tried his best to kill aliens around him, but not eating properly for 5 days caught him bad. He fell into unconsciousness as his head was hit by a hard object from behind. When he woke up, he was in a hospital, with all the sterile smell and everything. He has nothing on him, not his wand or his cloak, everything was taken away. He only wore a piece of thin white medical gown, and he wore a bracelet which limit his magical power.Apparently he was one of the casualty from the fight; and he got special treatment when they realised he was an unbonded omega. He was glad for it, as the doctor and nurses who helped him were all either omega themselves or weak beta. When they declared him healthy, suddenly three black suited men (they were all second rank alphas) asked him to follow them. Harry was ready to run when the taser hit him on the neck; so he fell back into unconsciousness.He woke up in an even more sterile room—a jail, this time. He saw his capture; people with white gowns and clipboards. Harry soon realised that he was labelled as the "UO #23", which means Unbounded Omega number 23.He realised that was it; the reason why New York has so little unbounded Omega in number. They were all captured and cultivate into this little space which Harry ddnt know where or how big because all he could see was the three side white walls and the glass window where he could only see a long, narrow white corridor. It was very bright, even when they told him it was sleeping tim
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Crossover
Mpreg
Mating Cycles/In Heat
selective mate
Mates
Mating
alien attack
housekeeping
Omega Harry
omega stereotype

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

