Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Thor Odinson,” Odin’s powerful voice booms out across the observatory, “you have betrayed the express command of your king. Through your arrogance and stupidity, you have opened these peaceful realms and innocent lives to the horror and desolation of war! You are unworthy of these realms, you are unworthy of your title, you are unworthy” – Odin pauses, taking first one deep breath and then another before continuing his furious diatribe – “of the loved ones you have betrayed! In the name of my father and his father before, I, Odin Allfather, demand that you repay this debt through whatever sacrifice I may require of you.”
Before Thor can protest further, Odin turns on his heel and stomps away.  Asgard’s crown prince stands frozen, in shock, trying to catch his breath and staring open-mouthed after his father.  Sacrifice?  If Odin had wanted Thor dead, he would have killed him where he stood.  Or let Laufey do it.
Once he has a moment to recover his wits, though, Thor grins into the silence.  How awful, after all, can a non-lethal sacrifice be?
~
“I am serious, mother!  Stop it,” Thor wails loudly in the face of Frigga’s not-quite-suppressed laughter.  “You must help me; I’ve nowhere else to turn.  There must be something I can do to forestall this mockery, this farce, this- this travesty against all we hold to be true and right and meaningful.”
Frigga pats his hand gently.  “A wise and noble point, dear, if perhaps ill-timed.”  When he wrinkles his nose in frustrated confusion, she continues:  “You are certainly correct in thinking you could have prevented this, and I think by now you are well aware how you might have done so.  However, my son, that longboat has long since taken oar and left the harbor.  Your father’s mind is made up, and naught you – nor I – say will change it.”
“But- but- this cannot happen,” he splutters.  “It simply cannot.  It is too horrible to consider, even.”  He sighs angrily, close to tears with the frustration of it all.  “Why would father do such a thing to- to our family?”  Even in his current state Thor knows it’s smartest to defend a less personal position.  “He has to realize this will make us the laughingstock of the Nine.”
“Ah, but it can be considered, love.  Can and has and will be, and rest assured none shall dare to laugh.”  Her voice drops, her tone serious.  “Thor, the ill-advised attack you led your friends to carry out in Jotunheim was an act of war.  One not authorized by the crown, I might add, which makes your actions treason.  You are lucky to have gotten off so lightly.  I trust in time you will come to see it so.  Until then, my son, you will just have to make do.”
“LIGHTLY, mother?  MAKE DO?!  But she is a frost giant!!  A Jotnar beast, mother; a monster!”
“She, Thor?”  The corners of Frigga’s eyes crinkle; her lovely eyes themselves sparkle in light of the wall torches.  “Oh, no, I am afraid you are wrong there. King Laufey has brought forth only sons.”
~
For the better part of two days Thor skulks about his chambers, angry and brooding.  His life is ending, after all – he is to be wed, with no say in the matter, and to a monster to boot.  And not just any monster, but a monster prince.
On top of that, he is supposed to act pleased - to act as though he feels fortunate, to be excited, to be diplomatic. To properly represent the honor of his house.
Meanwhile he knows, with the absolute and overdramatic certainty of one who is being horrendously (but deservedly, though he would never confess it,) wronged, he’s never felt less fortunate – less of any of these things, really – in his life.
On the third day, the process – which has probably been underway throughout the compound for some days now, but has blissfully escaped his notice - begins.  Thor, who was not anticipating the loss of his freedom for many an age to come and whose friends – save Volstagg, who succumbed early - feel much the same, has never really paid much attention to Asgard’s marriage rites.  Nor, perhaps more to the point, has he noted the speed with which they can progress.
His servants tell him he will be wed within the week…  and they wink and nudge knowingly, dropping lewd hints at what a consummated Asgard marriage involves, as they fit him for his ceremonial and wedding-night finery.
There is a great deal of buildup, and the servants take clear pleasure in Thor’s discomfort.  Given all that, when the official Jotunheim delegation arrives, Thor thinks he can perhaps be excused for hanging off his balcony far further than decorum permits.  He is, you see, hoping desperately to catch an advance glimpse of the beast that is to be his horrid fate. The creature with which he must share his life, his crown, his bed.  If he can get a quick look at it- him?- IT from this safe distance, Thor tells himself, he will have the time to better prepare himself mentally for the inevitable shock and will be far less likely to do something unforgivably awkward at first meeting.

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Intersex Loki
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

