Work Text:
Well, Steve thought, this is what I wanted.
Steve shivered. He was naked, hooded, and bound to the point where he couldn’t do more than a bit of wiggling, no matter how much he tried.

Kind of.

In the two years that followed the Insight incident in DC, Steve had only gotten the barest hints about what happened to Bucky. Then a few months ago Natasha brought rumors to Steve that Hydra had re-acquired their Asset.
Steve didn’t think it was possible to be more determined or enraged; turns out he was wrong. But no matter how many bases he and the Avengers demolished, he got no closer to finding Bucky. In the mean time, they still had Avenging business to attend to.
So when during the most recent disaster a spell from Loki turned him back into his pre-serum state, Steve decided that it was the perfect opportunity to play bait and lure in Hydra.
Steve didn’t bother mentioning his plan to the rest of the team. He knew what they would say. That it was far too dangerous. That he was suicidal. That it wasn’t worth it.
They just didn’t get it. Yes, it was dangerous, but Steve would be damned if he’d let Bucky stay in Hydra’s hands for one second longer than he had to.
Thor had assured him that Loki’s spell would only last a few days. It was a small window of time, but Steve figured if he could make himself available for potential kidnapping, Hydra would take him up on the opportunity. They had to be watching the Avengers; they had to have seen his very public shrinking after the spell hit him.
Hell, it was on YouTube. Steve was pretty sure everyone had seen it.
All he had to do was survive whatever they would do to him for a couple days and then he’d get all of his strength back and be able to bust his way out, hopefully with Bucky in tow.
Of course, his plan hinged on them not just killing him right off the bat. When he considered the possibilities he weighed the odds that someone higher up would want to either gloat or get a little revenge. He decided it was worth the risk.
His plan worked. Distressingly well, in fact.
It only took a couple of hours hanging out in an area that he suspected was under surveillance for him to get dragged into an unmarked van.
Natasha must be having fits right now, he mused darkly. One of the first things they did was search for any trackers he might have. The serum didn’t allow for foreign objects to stay inside his body, so trackers on his clothes were his only option.
So when the Hydra agents cut off all of his clothes without even bothering to untie him, Steve wasn’t terribly surprised.
Not very happy about it, but also not surprised.
He was tossed face down onto the floor of the SUV they had dragged him into. He heard someone sit down on the bench seat next to him. A pair of booted feet stepped on his back and grinded down a bit.
“Hey there, Cap.”
Rumlow. Of course he survived the Triskelion.
“Not looking so hot there, are yah? Don’t worry. We’ll take care of you.” The boots shifted, one onto his neck and the other onto his ass. Rumlow leaned into him, grinding his face and hips into the rough carpeted floor of the vehicle.
After a few minutes the SUV stopped and Steve was bodily picked up and tossed onto a metal floor. He felt the vibrations of an engine starting up.
Must be a transport van, he thought.
Multiple heavy booted people climbed into the space he was in; each one made the back of the vehicle dip a little with their weight. Shortly after that, the vibration picked up and it was clear they were on their way.
“Driver says we got a little time before we get to the facility.” A boot pressed into the side of Steve’s face. “However will we pass the time.” Steve didn’t have to see Rumlow’s face to know that he was grinning.
Steve rallied. He tried to keep his breathing under control, even though his chest was starting to feel tight. He knew they were gonna make this hard for him. He just has to wait it out.
Someone bodily picked him up off the ground and Steve found himself settled into their lap. His shoulders ached from the way his arms and elbows were tied behind him. His legs were tied together at the knees and ankles.
“Funny how small you are now, Cap,” Rumlow breathed into his ear. He suppressed the shudder that ran through him; he was tied up, naked, blindfolded, and on Rumlow’s lap. Fear coiled in his stomach. He pushed it down. “We all saw the pictures but, man, they really don’t do it justice. I always wondered what it would be like to see you bent over and screaming. Takin’ one for the team. Seems like it’s my opportunity to find out. And, hey, maybe we’ll let the Asset do you too?”
Bucky! They had Bucky! Whatever was going to happen next, they were going to take him to Bucky. Steve gritted his teeth and tried to keep calm.
Rumlow chuckled darkly and then pinched Steve’s nipple, hard. Steve couldn’t stop the reflexive startle though he did manage to keep quiet.
“After all that shit you put me and the guys through in that elevator, I think it’s only fair we
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Strike Team (Captain America movies)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Gang Rape
Temp De-serumed Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Captivity
Come Marking
Anal Gaping
Come Eating
bukaki
Improvised Sex Toys
Object Insertion
Humiliation
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Medical Torture
Edging
Milking
Cock & Ball Torture
CBT
Octo-Bucky
Tentacles
Consentacles
Dubious Consentacles
Marking
Biting
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Triple Penetration
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
seriously
this is just filthy filthy porn
Medical Experimentation
Thor Loki and Natasha are only mentioned in passing
HTP
HYDRA Trash Party
Hydra Trashbook 2
Fanart
NSFW Fanart embedded

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Strike Team (Captain America movies)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

