Work Text:



 
Tony Stark didn’t trust magic.  Rogers and the others thought he opposed any plan that even tangentially relied on magic because he hated being shown up by something he didn’t understand.  Stark and his ego, you know. 
No, Tony didn’t dislike magic because he didn’t understand how it worked and it hurt his fragile pride.  He disliked magic because he didn’t understand how it worked and no one else seemed to either.  Tony was an engineer and a businessman; he knew every action had a reaction, and everything came at a price.  Magic was the same.  There were always consequences to using magic, and there was always a cost.  The problem was you could never be sure what the repercussion of a spell might be, and you could never be sure of the price, or who would end up paying it.  There were too many inconsistent variables and just the thought of it made Tony want to scream. 
The hell of it was, even Stephen Strange agreed with Tony half the time. 
So, when Loki smirked at Rogers in the middle of a battle and told him he would give Rogers what he wanted most in the world, the mind of his old friend back, Tony had a very bad feeling.  When Loki winked at Tony over Rogers’ shoulder, Tony knew somehow, someway, this would affect more than Rogers’ old friend and it wouldn’t be Loki paying the price.
~.~.~.
After Loki vanished, taking the surprisingly vicious, twelve-foot stuffed animals he’d been using to terrorize the patrons of Central Park with him, Rogers led the other Avengers to the quinjet at a run.  They were in the air in moments, presumably speeding back to the Tower and Rogers’ bestie.  Tony left them to it.  Instead, he took a leisurely flight around the park to make sure the first responders had everything well in hand. 
Since Thanos’ defeat, and Loki’s aid in said defeat, Loki’s sentence had been commuted to banishment to Earth by Odin.  Presumably he was meant to be learning a lesson in humility … or something.  As far as Tony could tell, though, Loki seemed more a punishment for Earth, and the Avengers in particular, than the other way around.  At least Loki seldom directly did any real harm these days.  He had a nasty habit, though, of tricking the Avengers into creating their own problems.
Satisfied that nothing more serious than a sprained ankle and a couple of destroyed fountains had occurred, Tony returned to the Tower and his workshop.  He knew he wouldn’t be welcome in the common areas and had no desire to see Rogers and the presumably no longer brainwashed Barnes celebrating, anyway. 
Tony had hoped fighting side by side again with the pardoned Avengers, first against Thanos and later against the two-bit villains that seemed to spring up every other week, would help smooth over his strained relationships with the team.  None of them seemed willing to even try to meet him halfway, though.  Oh, they were happy enough to have Iron Man’s support in the field, but otherwise Tony was faced with only cool disdain and barbed comments.  Even now, after everything, it was Iron Man yes, Tony Stark not recommended.
Not for the first time, he wished he could have kept the now pardoned Avengers out of his tower.  With tensions still high after Thanos’ attack, however, the public needed to see their defenders providing a united front.  They could have moved back into the Avengers Compound, but Rhodey and Vision and the rest of the New Avengers were there now, and Tony was unwilling to subject them to the drama involved in dealing with Rogers’ team.  Better for Tony to endure whatever they felt was his due than to inflict them on Peter or Kamala.
He had even tried to make his peace with Barnes.  Time and distance and a metric ton of research into the origins of the Winter Soldier had given Tony some perspective.  Tony knew what three months under the Ten Rings had done to him; he couldn’t even imagine what it would have been like to be in HYDRA’s hands for decades.  He’d been willing to extend the olive branch to Barnes, let him know that Tony understood, even if he couldn’t quite forgive yet.  It was hard to have a conversation with a man who immediately left any room you entered, though.  The only time Tony interacted with Barnes was to perform necessary maintenance on the new arm, and even then, Barnes pointedly ignored Tony’s chatter while a fanatical guard dog in the shape of Rogers watched over Tony’s shoulder.  Never let it be said Tony couldn’t take a hint.
Tony spent most of the next few days in his workshop with FRIDAY and the bots.  Without a call to assemble, he only left to catch a few hours of sleep or grab something to eat when exhaustion or hunger began to affect his work.  He knew he was isolating himself, and that FRIDAY was sure to rat him out to Rhodey and Vision soon, but for now he just didn’t have the fortitude to deal with other human beings.
On his third day of blissful seclusion, FRIDAY announced a couple of rather unwelcome visitors to his sanctuary.
“Boss,” came FRIDA
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Temporary Amnesia
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

