Work Text:
The thing about the future is everyone's quick to tell you that your dynamic doesn't matter, but then it's all they want to talk about. Steve certainly won't deny that great things have happened while he was in the ice. Life is, all around, a lot easier no matter what your dynamic is. But he can't deny that he misses the polite silences of the past. He knows that according to the modern world he's at best charmingly old-fashioned and at worst a hopeless fuddy-duddy, but in his day, some things were private. He feels like he's used to it. He has the right responses for how does it feel to order around alphas and betas ("Out in the field, ma'am, we're all just doing the best we can. No one's thinking about that.") and do you have any advice for omegas interested in a military career ("Just do your best and work hard. That's all you can do."), but he's on yet another live morning show when the host turns to him and says, "You obviously don't look like an omega. How do you feel about that?"Steve's tongue feels thick in his mouth, and after a too-long awkward pause, Tony leans over and says, "You've got eyes, right? How do you think he feels about being an inappropriately gorgeous specimen of manhood?" Everyone chuckles, and they start talking to Tony about when wedding bells will be ringing for him and Pepper. Steve still feels sick when the cameras turn off. He shakes hands and smiles, poses for a few pictures with crew members on his way back to the dressing room, but he begs off Tony's lunch invitation. At home, he strips for a shower, trying to keep his eyes up, his mind off of it. But he catches his reflection while he's waiting for the water to heat up, and he can feel the ache in his chest sharpen.After Dr. Erskine was killed, the rest of the scientists still tested him. They wanted to make sure the serum wasn't degrading in his system, made him do all kinds of strength and agility assessments in addition to stranger things he still doesn't quite understand. During some kind of test meant to gauge his sleep, he was stretched out in a hospital bed and overheard some of the scientists in the hallway."You've seen his file, right?" She let out a low whistle. "What a shame. To do that to such a pretty omega."They thought he was asleep. She didn't mean anything by it, and if she knew that he'd heard he's sure she would have apologized. But it's her voice that he's heard whenever he feels out of place, uncomfortable in his skin. What a shame.It's too late to shake it off now, so he faces the mirror properly. He's huge, tall and broad except for his hips, which are still painfully slim. His eyes skim over his pecs, the hard ridges of his abs - every inch of him rock hard. Growing up, he'd wanted to be healthy. Maybe he'd even prayed to be strong, but this was never what he pictured. It was worth it; of course, it was worth it, but that moment when Bucky looked up at him and said I thought you were smaller...it didn't feel like it.Steve sighs and tries to hunch his shoulders in, slouch and fold in and make himself smaller. It's impossible; he's just too big, and even if he could make himself shorter, there's a firmness to his jaw now that will always mark him as different. Ultra-masculine in a way that alphas covet for themselves, not in a mate.Bucky's never complained, but he wouldn't. He's a stand up guy, never said a word about his mate showing up looking like some kind of alpha daydream. But Steve could feel the change, feel it every time Bucky touched him, and he ended up flinching away more often than not. He was bigger than his own mate now.The shower's been running so long now that the mirror is steamed up, and Steve gives up and climbs in. The water is practically boiling, each drop hitting his skin like a brand. After years of rusted, leaky pipes, icy water out in the field, he's a little addicted to hot showers. He doesn't get too clean this time around; just stands under the hot water, letting it rush over him.After the shower, he changes into soft, slumpy lounge clothes. He prefers loose-fitting clothes in his free time; with the uniform, at least, he feels like he's wearing armor. Like maybe when he takes it off, all the bulk will go with it.Since he's feeling nostalgic, Steve settles with some reheated takeout in front of Turner Classic Movies. It feels a little like home, movies that he saw with Bucky or just heard about. He tries to lose himself in the black and white world. Everything is a little more glamorous in there. All the alphas wear hats and smirk around their cigarettes, and the omegas are pretty and impetuous.Bucky shows up halfway through The Philadelphia Story. A moment ago, the living room was empty, and now Bucky is standing there, pulling off leather gloves."Did you climb up the fire escape?" Steve has to smile. "We have a door, you know."Bucky tugs his mask off and crosses behind him, reaching over to ruffle his hair as he passes. "Old habits.""Sure, sure." Steve shifts
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Body Image
Body Dysphoria
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Modern Era
Self-Acceptance

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

