Work Text:
Steve does get him a real ring after Christmas. He comes to pick Bucky up from work on the 29th, wearing a dark blue winter coat, a knit beanie with a bear pattern, and his tortoiseshell fake glasses. Bucky’s pretty sure Steve actually loves the glasses, no matter how much fun he makes of them.Steve ushers him into the sleek car he’s borrowed from Stark again, and drives them to Manhattan. They leave the car in the parking hall of the Stark Tower and stroll to 5th Avenue, making their way north. The street is busy with post-holiday sales shoppers and tourists, and Steve holds Bucky’s hand tightly in his own.Nobody seems to recognize Captain America strolling among them. The beanie and glasses help with that, but Steve’s also confident in his skin, carrying his absurd physique with ease. He’s grown more comfortable in his body in the past year Bucky’s known him, and he no longer looks like he wants to shrink and disappear when he’s in civilian clothes. He’s lost the weird dance between awkwardness and the stiff commanding posture, and now he’s relaxed and graceful, sidestepping tourists who’ve stopped in the middle of the sidewalk to stare at their map.To anybody on the street Steve’s just a well-built guy holding hands with a gorgeous nurse who’s dressed in a thousand-dollar charcoal topcoat Pepper gave him for Christmas. Steve gets some admiring looks, but no phones or cameras are pointed at their direction, which is a blessing. Bucky doesn’t take well to paparazzi after he’s been eight hours on shift.Bucky does a double take when Steve steers him in through the door to Tiffany’s.“Are you fucking kidding me?” Bucky asks, his voice almost a squeak. “Are you seriously getting me diamonds?”Steve shrugs, but his smile is smug and sappy at the same time. “You said it yourself, Buck, I’m a classy guy.”“Fuck me,” Bucky says, shaking his head a little. “The backpay’s gone to your head. Do you know how much cabbage you could buy with that money?”Steve pinches the vulnerable spot between Bucky’s thumb and index finger. “Shuddup,” he says, but his grin is fond. “You’re my favorite damn cabbage anyway.”Bucky opens his mouth to call Steve something ugly, but a sales attendant interrupts them, flitting to them like a well-coiffed bird.“Welcome,” she says, giving them a polite sales smile. “I’m Alisa. How can I help you?”“We’re looking for an engagement ring,” Steve says, squeezing Bucky’s left hand a little tighter.Her gaze drops down to their clasped hands, and when she looks up, her smile is replaced by something a lot more genuine. “Congratulations,” she says, beaming. “What kind of a ring did you have in mind?”Steve gives Bucky an expectant look, eyebrows raised.“Uh,” Bucky says. “No huge-ass diamonds, I’m not Kim Kardashian. I can’t wear rings at work, so something that doesn’t scrape me when it's on a chain around my neck.”The sales attendant’s smile widens a bit. She clearly thinks that Steve and Bucky are adorable. “Well then,” Alisa says and gestures them to follow her. “Our engagement ring collections are fairly flashy.”“You don’t say,” Bucky murmurs, glaring at the eyeball-sized diamonds in a vitrine they pass. He’s exaggerating just a little.Alisa snorts a little and covers her mouth with her hand. “If you’re planning to get a second ring when you’re wed, I’d suggest getting both from our men’s wedding band collection. Perhaps a platinum stacking ring with a single inset stone for the engagement?”“Uh,” Bucky says, because he has no fucking idea what she means.Alisa smiles and pulls a tray of rings from a glass cabinet. “Here, let me show you.” She holds out her hand expectantly. “If I may?”Bucky pulls his hand out of Steve’s grip, tugs the glove off and extends his hand towards Alisa. She deftly measures his ring finger, then selects a ring from the tray. “Here,” she says. “What do you think?”The ring she hands him is simple: a thin platinum band with one round diamond set in the middle. It’s stylish, understated. Bucky loves it.Bucky glances at Steve and waggles his eyebrows. “Wanna do the honors, honey?”Steve swallows as he slowly takes the ring, holds Bucky’s hand and slides the ring on his finger. They both stare down at it, astonished and a little touched. Alisa has tactfully retreated to the side, leaving them be sappy and gay alone.Steve clears his throat. “It looks nice on you. It’s good that there’s something pretty to distract people from your ugly mug.”“You flatter me, sweetheart,” Bucky says. “It’s almost like you forgot that you want to live with this hideous face for the rest of your life.”Steve kisses the corner of his mouth and turns to Alisa. “We’ll take that one.”“It’s lovely,” Alisa agrees. “We also have that same model with three inset diamonds, in case you want a matching one for the actual wedding ring.” She looks at Steve and raises her eyebrows questioningly. “How about you? Do you have a ring yet?”“M-me?” Steve splutters. It’s adorable. Bucky kind of wants to pull out his p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Humor
Weddings
Engagement
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Coming Out
Swearing
Nurse Bucky Barnes
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

