Chapter 1: Great Scott!
    


Summary:

In which Tony is offended, makes a fool of himself, and realizes that he is seriously fucked.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It takes over a month for Steve to accept Tony’s invitation to move into the tower.To be fair, he was on some super-secret spy mission with Natasha and that Falcon guy, but even the deadly redhead had moved her stuff in before leaving for Madripoortheir undisclosed location.Before you ask: no, Tony doesn't hack SHIELD's files... anymore. Anyway, it's about a month after Pepper breaks up with him that Tony starts feeling lonely.  With Bruce also off exploring the Amazon or some shit, Tony has no one else to bother, and building new suits can only take up so much of his time.Tony debates calling the Avengers.  After all, the other suites were finally finished a short while ago (or they should be, given the size of the invoices from the contractor and decorator).  He's in the middle of a huge, internal battle with himself one day when Clint just shows up with a suitcase and duffel, and asks Tony where his room is.Decision made for him, Tony sends the rest of the Avengers personal invitations to move into the tower that night.  Thor shows up the next day, and Bruce comes back from his trip soon after.  Even Natasha makes an appearance a week later to drop off her things before leaving for the aforementioned mission.Eventually, a month passes and Natasha comes back without Steve in tow, and Tony realizes that the all-American hero never even bothered to e-mail him back.Tony was most certainly not offended to the point that he suited up and flew to the Helicarrier where Steve was currently working.  He certainly did not shove past Maria Hill and storm into a conference room, interrupting an important meeting with the United States Secretary of Defense.
“Uh…” Tony was thankful that they couldn’t see his face through the faceplate. 

“Stark." Oh, Tony's never seen Fury looked so pissed before... ever. "What are you doing?!” He wouldn't be surprised if he popped a blood vessel. 

Steve stands up from his seat and grabs Tony’s arm. “Excuse me, sir, but there appears to be an emergency situation with the Avengers.” 

"Uh, sorry," Tony apologizes to everyone in the room, his voice distorted because of the suit. "This should only take a minute or two." 

“Of course, of course,” says... fuck, he really should remember the name of the Secretary of Defense.

Steve pulls on Tony's elbow and leads him out into the hall. “What are you doing here, Tony?" Before Tony can reply, he adds: "And could you please take that helmet off?  I feel like I’m talking to a robot.”  He looks a little irritated, but that's okay.  Tony can deal with irritated.  He deals with irritated people all the time. 

He obliges, puts his faceplate up, and immediately asks, “Why aren’t you living at the tower?” 

Steve takes a step back, his brows furrowed with confusion. “What?” 
“I sent you an invite over a month ago, and you never responded.  Natasha  moved in after you guys got back from your mission, but you weren't there.” 
“I—”

“I thought we put aside our differences a while ago.  Big man in a suit of armor, nothing but a science experiment, Loki's scepter, blah, blah, blah. Unless I'm wrong?  Don’t tell me that you secretly wanted to kill me when we went out to lunch that one time—” 

"Jeez, of course I don’t want to kill you, Tony—” 

“Then what—” 

Steve's patience has obviously run out, if the hand over Tony’s mouth is any indication.  “If you must know, I was going to come by today,” he retracts his hand when Tony gives him his full attention. “I’ve just been really busy tying up some loose ends around here.  It's been pretty hectic.” 

“…oh.” 

“Yeah.” They're silent for a moment, and Tony notices that Steve's standing at parade rest... but it doesn't have as much of an effect as usual because it looks like Steve is trying too hard to keep his face stoic.  Tony sees his lips quirk momentarily—it's a smile so fleeting that Tony's not sure if it was real or a hallucination.  Regardless, it's nice to see him slightly less... serious than usual.  It's actually kind of... adorab—wait, where the fuck is this even coming from?

The genius clears his throat. “Since we're both equally informed now, I guess I’ll see you later then?” Tony asks, ignoring the stupid fluttery thing his heart was doing. 

“Yes.” The smile is more apparent now.

“Okay, so… we’re good here?” 

“Yes, Tony,” the soldier replies, chuckling.  Damn, Tony needed to visit his doctor about these heart palpitations.  

“All right then.  I’ll just,” Tony inched away, “I’ll just be going.  You go back to your important meeting with—”

“The President and Secretary of Defense?” 
“Shit.  The President is here too?” Long story short: Tony definitely hasn't embarrassed himself in front of two of the most important people in the world, and he definitely wasn’t the laughin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Christmas
New Year's Eve
Domestic Avengers
Steve Rogers is not a blushing virgin
Pining
Developing Friendships
Fluff and Humor
Getting Together
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

