Work Text:
Clint stepped into the conference room and felt his shoulders relax when he saw Coulson already sitting in one of the chairs across from Fury. All Fury's summons had said was to report for a briefing on an undercover op. Clint hated going undercover; he'd rather be on a roof with his bow, or even a rifle. But if he had to go under, at least he'd have Coulson at his back. Nat was almost as good, but sometimes she got so deep in her cover that he wondered if his partner was close enough to the surface to be there for him. She'd never let him down, and it made her the best, but he was still just a bit more relaxed when he was undercover with Coulson."Sir. Sir," he said, nodding at each of them as he dropped into the chair next to Coulson. Coulson flashed him a quick smile, and Clint returned it, covering the leap of his heart with the ease of long practice. "What've we got?"Fury pushed a file across the table, presumably a copy of the one in front of Coulson. "Meet Richard Hughes and Patrick Briggs," he said. The photos were of two men, white, forties, one brunet and one redhead. Briggs was the redhead. "Hughes is an arms dealer we've been keeping an eye on. He specializes in cutting edge stuff. Knockoffs of Stark Industries stuff used to be a specialty of his, but he's interested in anything that might be ahead of the curve.""Bet he was pissed when Stark got out of the weapons business," Clint said, paging through the file. They weren't the only agency that had their eye on Hughes; he's been the subject of ATF and FBI ops as well, but no one had gotten enough dots to connect to bring him in."Pissed is an understatement," Fury said dryly. "He took out a hit on Stark. The offer's still out there, by the way. Ten million. He's had trouble finding a taker since Stark came out as Iron Man."Clint smirked. "I'll make a note for my retirement plan.""Not without my go ahead," Coulson murmured, and Clint shot him a grin."As for Briggs--" Fury began."Briggs I know," Clint jumped in. Fury raised an eyebrow and Clint rolled his eyes. "Well, not personally. Not exactly. He used to be a hired gun, not high end but reliable. The guy finally figured out that he was never going to be more than a mediocre assassin and decided to sell the reliability angle, instead. Last I heard, he was working security for the mob in Chicago."Next to him, Coulson nodded and flipped further into the file. "He did pretty well there," he said. "Well enough that Hughes actually put some time into recruiting him. He met Briggs on a visit to Chicago to seal a deal with Briggs's boss. Hughes took a shine to him and spent the next six months convincing Briggs to come to New York so that they could work together.""The Chicago boss was okay with that?" Clint asked, glancing down at the dossier in surprise."As far as we can tell," Fury said, "Chicago wasn't sad to see him go, despite the quality of the work he'd been doing. Relations with Hughes aren't exactly friendly, but no blood got spilled, either.""Huh." Clint flipped through the file, scanning the rest of the pages. A brochure was tucked into the back of the file. Pine Lake Oasis. "So Hughes and Briggs are our persons of interest?""The primary ones," Fury confirmed. "Hughes lives in a gated community a couple of hours outside Manhattan; Briggs moved in with him when he came over from Chicago. They haven't left the place much since then, maybe once every couple of months. They get quite a few visitors, though. The ATF is pretty well convinced that they're using the community as their base of operations, which means any number of the residents could be involved."Phil frowned. "Or they could be innocents being used as cover.""Or that." Fury leaned back in his seat. "The ATF has been keeping an eye on Hughes, and they take a poke at him every now and then, but his operation has always been a specialty thing--high quality, high price, and low volume. It's kept him off anybody's priority lists."At least, it did until we got word that an unidentified acquisitions specialist, and I quote, 'hit it big' in New York six months ago."Clint grimaced. "Fucking Chitauri tech is never going to stop biting us in the ass, is it? Why'd they'd wait so long?""My guess is, they're a professional," Fury said. "They gave it some time for things to cool down."Coulson was frowning at the file. "How sure are we that the specialist will be selling to Hughes?"Fury blew out a breath. "About eighty, eighty-five percent sure. ATF is keeping an eye on the other possibilities for us, but they agreed that 'alien shit' is our department, so we're taking point. Problem is, we don't know for sure when the sale will happen. Could be happening now. Could be happening a month from now. We've got to put someone in now and just," he spread his hands, "wait for it."Clint held up the brochure. "Pine Lake Oasis. 'A diverse community of committed adults.' Committed adults, sir? Are they all nuts, or just really into porn?" Fury laughed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Pretend Married
Getting Together
First Time
Undercover as Married
Domesticity

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

