Chapter 1: Chapter I - That Green Eyed Girl
    


Notes:
Hey, guys! So I haven't touched this fic in a looooong time. At least online. I've been continuing it on paper, but I've decided if I'm going to try to just jump right in, I'm not going to do it looking at old, shoddy work so REVAMP!!!...againI've already redone the first couple of chapters, and hope you all don't hate me for forgetting for so long. I don't think I could have restarted this though without all the positive and constructive feedback I got from you all. It's been a long time and I've gone through a bit that held me back, but I am coming back and with a vengeance so buckle up and get ready for a complete revamp and retelling of a Spellbound Hero.This fic is being cross posted on Fanfiction.net and Archive of Our Own, all under xXScarlettMastersXx, and I'll be trying to respond to all comments at the end of each chapter for this site. Disclaimer: Sadly, I hold no ownership of the Avengers of Percy Jackson.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 Loki walked down the stairs, overlooking the waddling mortals. He watched as they mingled amongst themselves, unaware of the events that were about to unfold. Grinning, he listened as his team moved into position, his eyes already on his target.  “Ready, boss?” Hawkeye called through the coms. Loki nodded his piece for the security camera. "Let's get going, shall we?" he added, moving forward and darting down the stairs. Just as he reached the base of the marble staircase, a woman in a short but elegant black dress bumped into him. One of the loose chains that were hanging off her shoulder, catching on his staff and preventing him from moving forward.  “Sorry,” she said, trying to unlatch it. However, before she could grip it, her sharp red heels caught on the extending train of her dress, toppling her off balance. He grabbed her shoulders and deftly unhooked it, only stopping to momentarily glare into her sea green eyes before moving past. He heard the girl huff, but paid no mind. Annoying little sprite, he thought, before he swung his staff into the nearest guard and grabbed the target by the lapel of his suit jacket. The silvertounged man casually threw him on the stone table in the middle of the room as it erupted in chaos. The crowd around him gasped and screamed as he took out his instrument and plunged it into the man's eyes. He grinned at the fleeing guests. Squeamish things, mortals were. Everyone ran as the man twitched shuttered. Screams ricocheted off the walls as the crowd fled. He stood over the body with a mischievous gleam in his eye and faint smirk on his face. He caught the eyes of one of the fleeing guests and couldn’t help but grin again. A familiar sea green stared back before the girl was tugged away by a blonde boy. The mortals all dashed about him, and he couldn’t help but laugh at their expressions, even as something pounded in the back of his mind. He stepped out of the gala, a smirk on his face as people ran by him in fear. Some things never got old. His suit gleamed as it transformed into his armor, his horned helmet appearing into view. “Hold it right there!” a police officer yelled. Other police cars whirled behind him. An ambulance siren went off in the background. He didn’t say a word as he shot a blast of energy, sending them all flying and the people into fits of terror. Flashing illusions of himself, he raised his arms to address the masses. “Kneel before me,” he commanded over their screams.  When no one complied, he tried again, flashing in front of the gala steps. “I said, KNEEL!!!” He shouted as he slammed his staff into the ground. They rushed to do so then. Well, fear always was the best motivator. “Is this not simpler? Is this not your natural state?” he asked, walking among them, his doubles standing guard around them.  “It's the unspoken truth of humanity, that you crave subjugation. The bright lure of freedom diminishes your life's joy in a mad scramble for power, for identity.”  He raised his arms out as if to bless them, and they all bowed their heads, though he wasn't sure it was in prayer. “You were made to be ruled. In the end, you will always kneel." He could practically smell the fear that was radiating of the humans. An old man stood in the far corner, barely by himself before he could speak, another voice rose over the crowd.  “It takes a lot more to get me on my knees.” He turned to stare into the vibrant eyes of the girl before. Her blonde friend from before was nowhere to be seen, but she did not seemed worried. The people beside her tried to tug her to the floor, but she shrugged them off, never breaking eye contact. “And definitely not to people like you.”  He grinned patronizingly at her, stepping away from the old man. “There are no people like me,” he said, but she raised her chin. “There will always be idiots like you, who think they can get whatever they want with power and attitude. I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Nico di Angelo/Will Solace
Calypso/Leo Valdez
Hazel Levesque/Frank Zhang
Calypso & Percy Jackson
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Female Percy Jackson
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Male Annabeth Chase
Re-write
Fix-It of Sorts
Rule 63
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Brainwashing

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Nico di Angelo/Will Solace
Calypso/Leo Valdez
Hazel Levesque/Frank Zhang
Calypso & Percy Jackson
Ambiguous or Implied Relationship(s)

