Work Text:

Handle With Care
 Tony heard voices in the kitchen and slowed to a stop outside the doorway. The voices… sounded pleasant enough. And it was his house. And he was Tony Stark. There was no reason not to go in. Except that he was wearing yesterday’s clothes and he was pretty sure he had oil in his hair. Should he go shower first? He should probably go shower first. He turned and let out a tiny noise of terror when he found Natasha standing behind him. “Eep!” Natasha raised an eyebrow at him, then looked him up and down. “…You look fine.” Tony lifted his hand, then stopped halfway to his head, self-conscious. “I don’t—have oil in my hair?” “You do, but I’m pretty sure they kind of expect you to be a mess.” He frowned, brows furrowed together in confusion. “…They think I’m a mess?” he asked, unable to help feeling a little hurt. Natasha wanted to kick herself for her choice of words. “No, I mean they expect you to be a little dirty after working all night in the workshop. Like, you wouldn’t expect a mechanic to be sparkling clean after work, right?” Tony continued to frown at her even as he slowly answered, “I guess not.” “And you’re basically a mechanic,” she continued, then grimaced. “I mean, of course the things you do go so much more intricate than basic mechanics but—” “The only difference is that my experiments tend to go boom a lot louder,” the brunet admitted. She nodded. “Right. So you’ll be fine.” She watched him shuffle his feet nervously. “…I will protect you.” “I don’t need protection,” he scoffed, turning on his heel to walk into the kitchen. Natasha raised her eyebrows expectantly, but he failed to actually move past the doorway. She sighed and rolled her eyes, stepping up beside him and wrapping his arm around her shoulders. “Come on, you big baby.” “’m not a baby,” Tony grumbled as she made it look like he led her into the kitchen. “Baby,” she whispered, smiling a little. “Oh hey!” Clint called. “Look what the cat dragged in!” Natasha felt Tony stiffen and, like an adult, stuck her tongue out at him. “You’re just jealous that I had a hot date last night.” “No, actually, but how was your date?” the blond asked, ignoring Tony completely. Tony shuffled over to grab a mug of coffee as she sat at the table and actually began chattering about what a horrendous date it was. Apparently it had been for some mission but she’d kind of been hoping the guy would check out because he was cute. He checked out, but was completely boring. Not a great date. “Maybe Tony could set you up with someone?” Steve suggested, making him choke on his coffee, staining his shirt, his pants, and his socks. Before anyone could say anything, he blurted out, “I left the blowtorch on,” and scrambled out of the room. Once on the elevator, he groaned and covered his face, sliding down in the corner to sit. Now he definitely needed a shower, and to pre-treat his clothes. Smooth, Tony. Super smooth. .-.-.-. Steve paused as he heard someone mumbling, then started walking again, slowly. He peeked around the corner and nearly said something when he saw Tony standing in front of the mirror by the door, but then he realized… it was Tony mumbling. “This is going to be a good meeting,” he was saying, leaning on the table beneath the mirror as he stared himself down. “You’re going to present five new ideas and the board is going to love at least three of them. You can sneak the other two in with them. Pepper said the board would like them. Pepper has never let you down.” Steve covered his mouth to keep from making a noise because holy shit. Tony was giving himself a pep talk. That was so cute! “So what if some of the board members are mean old sacks of garbage? You’re great. You’re going to put out a new gaming system, update StarkPhones, and revolutionize green energy. Again. You’ve put so much research into everything that they won’t find a single thing to bitch about. They have to accept your proposals. And you’re not even wearing mismatched shoes this time.” Steve couldn’t help a chuckle at that. Tony whipped around and looked betrayed for a fraction of a second before he just looked embarrassed, cheeks slowly filling with color. “It’s okay,” Steve hurried to say, but the brunet still turned and ran out the door anyway. “Aw, Tony.” When Tony got home, he tried to talk to him about it, but the brunet just went ‘eep’ and ran into the elevator again, so he figured he shouldn’t bring it up. He kind of wanted to wrap him in a blanket and never let the world touch him, though. .-.-.-. Bruce walked into Tony’s lab because he needed help with an experiment and stopped when he found Tony shaking his ass to a Taylor Swift song and holding one of his robots’ claws as he danced. He didn’t know what to make of this. He did kind of wish that he had brought his phone to take a picture though. Sighing quietly, he called out, “Tony?” Tony screamed and leapt onto his robot, turning to face him with a startled expression as JARVIS helpfully cut
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Team as Family
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Fluff

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

