Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter was 15 and Wade was 25 when they met for the first time. It was hate at first sign. At least according to Peter’s point of view because Wade would state otherwise.Spider-Man and other rising heroes of his age were training at SHIELD Headquarter, and Peter Parker was stressed at that time. A day earlier before he was recruited for Shield’s initiative program, he just received a medical screening regarding his secondary gender which confirmed his ultimate dread. Peter was an omega.Being an omega was not easy even in today society where discrimination was forbidden by the law. Prejudice existed. For generations that people with the same gender as Peter experienced mistreatment just because they were born in the gender marked as the vulnerable. The weak whose usefulness was only their ability to bear children. No one expected greatness from the omegas. As a teenager with so many dreams and expectation in his life, of course, Peter couldn’t help but feel angry and upset at himself and at the world. He was determined to prove to the world how wrong they were, and he’d make Spider-Man the greatest hero. So, he took Shield’s training seriously and trained harder than anyone.On the other hand, Deadpool, who was alpha and a renowned dangerous mercenary, was here at SHIELD just for stealing some classified data. Making money. The usual. And maybe if he was in a good mood, teasing some newbies and destroying some shits were also a good idea to kill time and annoy the hell out of that one-eyed director too. He would be FURY-ious, Deadpool snickered at the thought.That was how they met and truthfully it wasn’t a good impression.Deadpool burst into the heroes’ training room and started mocking everyone for using their power for the greater good instead of for themselves. Spider-Man, predictably, jumped into defense the heroic responsibility, giving that red mercenary the lecture in which Uncle Ben taught him before he died. Deadpool’s white lens became unreadable for a moment. However, unexpectedly he broke into a laugh. It was rude. Peter could no longer stand that outright belittlement to his uncle’s virtue and Spider-Man kicked that weird man’s ass out of SHIELD. Peter was still pissed off even after the masked mercenary was long gone. Life was unfair. Why did it decide to grant someone that irresponsible, that rude, and couldn’t be more immoral like Deadpool the power and the privileged status of an alpha? Peter clenched his teeth in frustration. The next time when Peter saw that Merc again, Spider-Man was going to put him in jail.   Peter was 16 and it had already been a tough year in which Peter had yet succeeded in shaking Deadpool off his life. For some unknown reason, the mercenary started to appear during Spider-Man’s patrol and shamelessly begged the Web Wonder to be his mentor. Peter didn’t buy a single damn thing spilled out of the unshuttable mouth of the man who killed for money about turning a new leaf or wanting to be a hero. Needless to say the fact that Deadpool was an alpha annoyed the hell out of the young hero, so Peter told him to get lost.Unfortunately, Deadpool was persistent. Like the worst kind of gum stuck to a shoe that refused to be getting rid off. In resignation, Peter said to him,"You can come BUT you have to behave. Or I’ll web you up and send you to the police!” “Is that a proposal?!” Deadpool was overjoyed.Spider-Man really had no choice but to allow him to come along with one condition that Deadpool must not kill anyone. Deadpool, of course, whined childishly but complied. That night was the beginning of their unlikely friendship. Deadpool was that kind of companion, Peter never realized he needed. The Merc was fun, sarcastic and surprisingly a good listener. It was nice to finally have someone, who understood loneliness and the danger of vigilante life, to talk to.   There was the time when Deadpool surprised Peter with his perceptiveness. Peter already started using suppressants and a synthetically alpha pheromone to mask his own scent. Nevertheless, during his heat, his dramatic hormonal changes always compromised the artificial odor. Peter, inexperienced as he was, was unaware of his biology. The deadly mercenary, on the contrary, picked it up easily in the first whiff.Instead of mocking Peter’s inferior body or worse taking advantage of his compromised position, Deadpool just told him to go home right away, his tone serious but not unkind. When Peter was back on his duty after the heat was over, dreading how Deadpool would treat him now that he saw the weakness of Spider-Man. It turned out the Merc with a Mouth still behaved toward him the same way like he used to do. No jokes nor teases that would make Peter feel any lesser came from the man he once considered shallow-minded.“Thank you,” Peter whispered to him when they were sitting together on the rooftop and eating their own tacos. Deadpool just gave him his smile, a genuine one. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Light Angst
Eventual Smut
Happy Ending
Fluff
Protective Wade
Hurt/Comfort
Age Difference
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Mpreg
Nesting

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

