Work Text:
“You're in heat,” Clint blurts out as he steps into Phil's office late on a Friday afternoon, the realization so stark and undeniable that the words are out of his mouth before he has finished thinking them.Phil looks up from his laptop, frowning. “You know that's impossible.”“I do.” Clint closes the door behind him. Of course he knows it's not possible—Phil's never bothered to hide the fact that he can't go into heat. Clint isn't sure why he can't, exactly. During a mission years ago Phil shared that his parents had finally dragged him to a specialist when he hadn't gone through his first heat by the time he'd turned eighteen. Clint knows that there had been tests and more tests that led to Phil being told he'd most likely never experience a heat.“But?” Phil prompts, eyes wandering back to his screen.Clint considers the chair in front of Phil's desk. He comes around to Phil's side instead, leaning against the edge of the desk. “But it's still true.”Phil holds himself very still. “How would you even know? Beta senses aren't developed enough to pick up on an Omega in the early stages of heat.”It's a provocation. Even though they've never discussed it, they both know that Clint's Beta identity is generated by SHIELD drugs and the generous policy that allows every agent to choose to project an identity different from the one assigned at birth. As Clint's handler, Phil has access to the declassified version of his medical file; besides, they've spent enough time together on longer-than-planned missions, some of which left Clint without access to the drugs that change his pheromones enough to project as a Beta.“You know how I know,” Clint says quietly, picking at a splinter at the corner of Phil's desk. He can feel Phil's eyes on him.“Yes, and I've always wondered why you wouldn't lay claim to being an Alpha.”Clint shrugs. Sure, most people would never think to project differently if they were a naturally-born Alpha, but Clint has never bought into the bullshit privilege that gets heaped onto Alphas. “Don't want to deal with all the posturing and expectation that comes with it. I just want to shoot and be left alone.” Projecting as a Beta gives him exactly that: respect for a job well done and invisibility the rest of the time.Phil nods. Before he can ask anything else about him—possibly an effort to deflect from Clint's proclamation—Clint says, “I'm sure, though. I'm aware that you don't think it's possible, but I know your scent. Especially after having just spent a whole week with you holed up in a safe house. You don't feel any different?”There's no reaction from Phil at first, but then his shoulders drop and he slumps in his chair. “I—” He scrubs a hand over his face. “I feel like I'm jumping out my skin. I've been having trouble sleeping since we got back from Barcelona. Everything feels off somehow.”Clint digs his fingers into the edge of the desk so he won't reach for Phil. “I wasn't sure what—why I felt this way,” he continues and shakes his head. “I've never...”“Phil.” Clint waits until Phil meets his gaze. “You're going into heat.” He pitches his voice low, but lets some of the authority that comes naturally to him as an Alpha flow into his words. He rarely uses it, but he needs Phil to believe that this is true. Clint can tell the exact moment when Phil accepts the truth in his words. He straightens, pushing all outward signs of an internal crisis away. The calm expression Clint has seen in many a difficult situation settles on Phil's face. “What now?” “You should probably go to Medical—”“No.”Clint smiles. He'd refuse, too, if their roles were reversed. “Let me take you to your place?”Phil's eyes dart off to the side, a pinch appearing between his brows. Clint has seen this look before, usually when Phil has to make impossible decisions. “Alright,” Phil says with reluctance. He stands up and efficiently packs up his files and laptop. Shrugging on his suit jacket, he says, “Let's go.”**Clint has been to Phil's apartment enough times to feel as comfortable there as in his own studio. As soon as they get through the door, he turns left into the small kitchen area, heading straight for the cabinet where Phil keeps mugs. He has a glass half-filled with water before he's fully aware of what he's doing. It's not simply the thought that Phil might be thirsty. No, it's an Alpha's instinct to take care of his mate. Clint wants to bang his head against the cabinets. Sure, he's had a thing for Phil for years, and he's pretty sure that it's mutual, but it's never been inflected by the pull between an Alpha and an Omega. Clint glances across the breakfast bar. Phil's sitting on the couch, elbows propped on his knees and head in his hands. Protectiveness surges through Clint. Unless Phil asks him to leave, they'll finally have that conversation they've been evading for years. He drops a few ice cubes into the water and makes his way into the living room.“Here.” Clint holds out the water and sits on the co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Clint Barton
Omega Phil Coulson
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
Barebacking
Clint Barton is an excellent caretaker
Phil Coulson is a little out of his element
Cuddling & Snuggling
Getting Together

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

