Chapter 1: Aura
    




Chapter Text
In all honesty, no one really knew what a mortal would look like. Many Aesir knew that mortals were like them, looked and walked like them but they really didn’t know the extent that their similarities were. Many of the gods in Asgard were ignorant to the existence of the mortals, thinking them to be mere stories of a fake land far away or just not worth the notice of a god. Thor was counted as one of these many gods that believed mortals to be below them. After all, they were relatively similar to the damsels in destress in bedtime stories; if they were a real then they must have been at least extinct by now.However, that belief was smacked out of him after he made a rash and grave mistake, angering his father and getting one of his closest friends hurt in the process. Looking back, Thor could hardly believe how arrogant and brutish he’d been to attempt to start a war that would cause more death than necessary.With the wrath of his father upon him, Thor was banished to a land he didn’t yet know the name of or had visited. When he landed, he was disorientated, hurt and angry. He couldn’t believe that his father would do such a thing to him, especially for ridding the Nine Realms of a few more monsters to be worried about. Caught up in his own rage, screaming to the sky for his father to take him home once again, he didn’t realise that he had company around him, talking and discussing his arrival.When realising the new people, ones that had an Aesir form but wore strange clothes but what was most startling of all was their lack of aura. So naturally, he acted somewhat violently towards them only to get electrocuted and pass out seconds later.Waking up to a crowd of people with no aura hanging around him, made him panic all the more. He fought hard and valiantly against those that tried to contain him but alas, there was only one of him and many of them, it was near inevitable that they would contain him once again…Throughout the whole Nine Realms, almost every creature and being had an aura that shows different things about a person: their past, their deeds, their pain and long forgotten scars and the general type of person they were. Thor had been told that his aura was bright with shining silver colours to show his Princely status and bold strips of orange and blues to show his merriment and bravery in battle. His father was much the same, except that he had dark lines breeching the edges, showing his scars and the many horrors he’d seen and had been inflicted by the wars he’d fought, a sign of his own wisdom and experience as a respected soldier. It even showed the love he and his mother had for each other, a soft pink tinging the edges of their aura whenever they were near one another, it was a kind of love that Thor hoped to share with someone one day.Many creatures were also able to hide their auras but there would also be a flash of their aura before it would hide in their depths of their beings a barely made out glow on the outline of their form. For the Aesir, it was highly unusual for anyone to hide their aura to an extensive degree which was also on of the many reasons why Loki was picked on as he took to hiding his aura at all times.However, creatures that didn’t have any aura that surrounded them, not even an outline glow, were considered lifeless and prone to acts of cruelty and deviousness, easily killing and slaughtering anything in their path, sometimes they could slaughter entire villages. They were considered highly dangerous beings that held no emotions or understanding. So, in Thor’s eyes at the time, everyone around him that he’d met were aura-less and extremely dangerous.Upon his third time awakening, he’d kept his hostility to himself and observed the creatures that he’d come across only to discover that they acted according to a living person. Not long after, Thor had come to the conclusion that he was among mortals- especially with their lack of understanding to the Nine Realms. That was also when he found that mortals had no concept of auras whatsoever as when he asked Jane about them, she’d stared at him in confusion, having no understanding as to what he meant. It was only when he’d tried to get his hammer back did he realise that he was mortal as well. Completely mortal and unable to return to his home which he so desperately wanted to.He was just about to accept his new life as a mortal being when his friends came to him. Chaos and madness came from everywhere, as well as explosions and destruction at the hand of his brother controlling the destroyer. Then, when all hope was lost, Thor finally got his powers and hammer returned to him. Thor found it strange to say that he’d missed the feel and hum of electricity in his hammer most of all, something that he’d dismissed many a time before.The sudden burst of colour was the most welcoming of all. Relief flowed through him when he saw the familiarity of his friends whereas before, he’d been seco
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Pre-Everything Else
Hurt/Comfort
Thor Is Not Stupid
Protective Thor
Tony Has Issues
Frigga (Marvel) Knows All
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Biology
Post-Iron Man 3
Extremis Tony Stark
Protective Rhodey and Pepper
Happy Ending
Asgard

fandom: 
Thor/Tony Stark

