Work Text:
 The moment the steel doors slammed shut behind him and Steve, Tony knew his day was going to end badly. Nothing good ever happened in supposedly abandoned HYDRA bases — even less so if it involved doors locking on their own. The fact that their perfectly functional comms channel suddenly crackled with static was another dead giveaway.This was supposed to be a routine mission — just one more facility to tick off their long list of HYDRA bases to search and destroy — but something had obviously gone wrong. HYDRA must have been expecting them and set up a trap of some kind.Steve, ever the optimist, was trying to pry open the door. "Check the other one," he said.Tony did as told, his gaze wandering over the narrow steel corridor as he crossed it, but nothing popped out as particularly dangerous. There were no windows, no furniture, and no HYDRA goons. It was just him and Steve and, as expected, two firmly locked doors."I can't reach the others over the comms," Tony reported, allowing the helmet to fold away. "My connection to JARVIS is patchy too. There's something in this room that blocks the signal."Steve gave up on the door and looked around, but he probably wouldn't find anything Tony hadn't already seen — mostly because there wasn't much to see."Keep trying to reach the others," Steve said, frowning at the closed door as it if was a puzzle in need of solving — possibly through the liberal use of super soldier strength.Again, Tony did as told. The rest of the team were somewhere in the facility, having split up to cover more ground. Someone had to notice that Tony and Steve weren't responding over the comms, but whether or not they knew where to find them was another question. If the room blocked their radios, it might be blocking their trackers as well.Somehow, Tony wasn't surprised that out of all the people he could end up get locked into a room with, he got Steve. That was just his luck.It wasn't that he disliked the man — Tony considered Steve to be one of his closest friends — but things had been, well, a little awkward lately. The fault lay entirely with Tony and his inability to keep his raging hormones in check, and spending time with Steve wasn't as easy as it once had been.In his defense, Tony had never planned to fall in love with Captain America's boyfriend — he wasn't that stupid — it just happened, without his consent or input.Tony knew perfectly well that Steve and Bucky had been an item back during the war. If the rare snapshots and movie reels of the two of them smiling longingly at each other hadn't been enough to reach that conclusion, the look on Steve's face when he'd first brought the subdued Bucky to the Avengers Tower certainly was. Steve had looked like a man who had just found the missing piece of his heart, and even Tony could admit that was unbelievably romantic.Steve and Bucky's love transcended time, wars, and brainwashing Nazis, and of course Tony had wanted to protect something that pure. So he'd made a place for Bucky in the tower, right next to Steve, and supplied the lawyers who protected Bucky from lawsuits and being thrown in prison.A friend of Steve's was a friend of Tony's.There had been that rather significant speed bump of Bucky breaking down and confessing to murdering Tony's parents, but they had gotten past that too. It took work, granted, but Tony was willing to do whatever necessary to make Bucky relax and heal. He deserved to feel safe and protected after all those years in HYDRA's clutches.Naturally, Tony had fucked it all up by falling in love with the guy, but he felt he couldn't be blamed for that. Bucky was amazing.Once he grew less haunted and paranoid — mainly thanks to a lot of therapy — Bucky was a really great guy. He had exactly the kind of dry, teasing sense of humor that Tony loved, and every time he smiled or laughed Tony could feel his heart skip a beat. And, on top of that, he turned out to be breathtakingly kind and considerate, often bringing Tony food when he'd been down in the workshop for too long without eating.So of course Tony had fallen in love with him, even if he knew perfectly well just how stupid that was. He couldn't compete with Steve — no one could. Steve was Captain America, for heaven's sake, and he had waited seventy years to be reunited with Bucky. After everything the two of them had been through, they deserved their happily ever after. Nothing could — or should — ever come between them.Tony certainly wasn't going to try. He was jealous of them, sure, but he would never dream of doing anything that might ruin their happiness."Any luck with the comms?" Steve asked, coming to stand next to Tony."I can hear bits and pieces," Tony replied, pressing a metal finger against his earpiece, "but mostly just static. The suit is transmitting an emergency alert, but I can't guarantee that the others will pick up on it."Steve frowned, obviously thrumming with pent-up energy. He might be a master tactician, but he always grew i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Gassing
Asphyxiation
mentions of nazis
Angst
Insecure Tony
But also
Heroic Tony
Misunderstandings
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Let's pretend Age of Ultron and everything that came after it never happened
ImagineTonyandBucky Prompt Fill
Gas chambers as plot device

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

