Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Phil has gotten used to all sorts of strangeness in his life, but he’s not expecting this.  Nick wanting him to foster one of the agency’s subs is a whole new kind of strange.  SHIELD’s holding of collars in trust is a holdover, a tradition from the bad old days when any unclaimed sub ran the risk of someone nonconsensually changing that.  These days such arrangements are just a formality, a way for an employer to express concern for the well-being of any submissives working for it, and an assurance of at least some protection from harassment by doms unworthy of the name.  No one actually fosters subs anymore.  The term is archaic, the institution almost entirely replaced in America by more professional training arrangements, therapy, or both in tandem.“Sir, I’m not certain I understand you.”“I think you do, Coulson.  I want you to foster Barton.  Take him into your home to share bed and board and to serve you all the time he’s not working.  A real Victorian arrangement.”“With discipline at my discretion?”“Of course.”Phil has always been old-fashioned, protective and possessive, and something stirs inside him at the idea of having someone so completely entrusted to him.  The more sensible parts of him are panicking, but he knows the look on Nick’s face.  Refusal is not going to work here, and Barton must be doing worse than Phil thought for Nick to come up with something this outré and labor-intensive.  “Where is he now?”“Cooling his heels in the brig.”“That bad, huh?”“Sitwell seemed to have a handle on him.”“Seemed, you say.”“Yes.  Here’s the incident report.”Phil reads the report in full before going anywhere.  About the mission and Barton’s reaction afterward, his tantrum that had destroyed Sitwell’s office.  Phil sighs.  Troubled subs can get into very bad habits, but there’s no excuse for this.  He asks Nick for Barton’s file, and for any of Sitwell’s notes on dealing with him.  Knowing Phil as well as he does, Nick has these on hand.  Barton’s story is a mess, a litany of abuse and neglect and terrible doms from childhood on up.  Every possible punishment a sub can endure has been tried on him, including some that aren’t even legal.  Phil feels sick to his stomach by the time he moves on to Sitwell’s notes, and they don’t help him feel any better.  Jasper Sitwell is a good man and a good dom, but Phil can already tell that a case like Barton’s requires special handling.  Making him write lines and apologize and take five minutes’ time out to think things over will only go so far.“All right,” Phil says at last, “where’s the contract?”The contract is as close to hand as the files were, and Phil reads it over carefully before signing, glad to find all the clauses and limits in proper order.  That done, they head down to the brig and find the cell where Barton is sitting on the bunk and glowering, his elbows on his knees.“The fuck you want?”  He growls.  A professional sub would rise, and a more old-fashioned one might kneel.  Barton doesn’t even duck his head, watching them with blue eyes that look fierce.  Phil wonders if Nick can see the terror behind it.  He probably can, you don’t come this far by not being able to read people.“To take you home, I’m tired.”  It comes out before he thinks, but the truth is a good place to start.“…What.”  Clint gets to his feet, his whole body tense, his weight on his toes and his feet braced apart, so he’s balanced and ready to run or fight in any direction.  It’s worse than Phil thought, and his heart sinks.Nick groans.  “Damn it, Barton.  I’ll do a lot of illegal shit, but selling subs isn’t in it.  Coulson is gonna foster you.  That’s it.  You’re going home with him, but you don’t have to put out and can leave if you hate it there.”Clint just grumbles, but he does relax a little.  “And what happens if I don’t wanna go?”“Then I treat you like you have your shit together and aren’t a distressed sub, and you spend two weeks in the brig and submit to a psych eval when you come out.”“…Shit,” Barton mutters.  “Okay, I’ll fucking go with Coulson.”“Thank you, dear,” Phil says, and keys the door open.“Fuck you, boss.”“Absolutely not, I’m too tired and too old-fashioned.  Is there anything you’d like to bring with you tonight?”  Clint just stares for a long moment, then nods and lets Phil and Nick escort him to the sub barracks, where he gathers up some street clothes, his work gear, and a locked metal box with DO NOT TOUCH.  THIS FUCKING MEANS YOU. in permanent ink across the top.“This in the contract?”  He asks Nick.“There’s a stipulation that any limits you set about anything you own must be respected.”“Good, ‘cause I’ll fucking end anyone who touches this box or anything in it and I don’t fucking care what happens.”“That’s fair.  Nobody touches my Cap memorabilia, either.”“…Cap memorabilia?”“Huge fan, always have been.”  Phil yawns and wobbles a bit despite his best efforts.  Clint gives him a strange look so brief it almost doesn’t happen, and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Past Abuse
Clint Needs a Hug
Phil Coulson & Nick Fury Friendship
Contracts
Boundaries
Trust Issues
so many trust issues

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

