Work Text:
This was such a mess. What the hell was Rogers thinking? He guessed Rogers was not, in fact, thinking. Nothing new there. For the Man With A Plan that guy was surely short sighted. Stupid fucker. This was giving him a headache. He needs to put them all in their places. They don’t know whom they are messing with. 
“Tony you need to understand, she is just a kid.” Steve said for what felt like the hundredth time, expression tight, jaw set. Maybe it was. Bruce lost the count. 
He did not like Captain and his minions. They were not healthy for Tony. They had hurt his precious Edward and he hated them. He also did not like the fact that Steve wanted to boss Tony in his own home. Steve was a scum. They all were. Steve, Clint, Natasha, Sam and Wanda. Also his namesake Bruce Banner too, though that was on a smaller scale.
“Cap, try to understand. What happened in Nigeria… that was not legal. Wanda is not an American. Nigeria wants her blood and if you keep acting like this, US will hand her over. The only reason they are not doing anything is that this did not happen in Europe.” Tony tried to explain.
“But she is just a kid Tony and we were there to save lives! You are not helping. You want her to stay inside. She is not a prisoner. Stop being like this. I know you hate Wanda even though you have no right to.”
“Being like what? And what is this Tony hating Wanda bullshit? Care to elaborate Captain?” Bruce interjected.
“Please refrain from interrupting Mr. Wayne. This is an Avengers business. You are a civilian.” Steve sneered.
“Stop right there Cap. This is his home too. More than this is yours. Don’t you dare to order him around. You won’t like what I’d do if you pull this shit again.” Tony was about to eviscerate this piece of shit.
“Tony you own the Avengers compound. Not ‘Brucie’.” Clint couldn’t help saying, condescension dripping from his voice. How dare that stupid man insult Cap.
“Whatever I own is also Bruce’. I won’t say this again, talk to or about Bruce like that again and you will find out why they called me Merchant of Death. That is my husband you are talking to.”
“Calm down Tony, I will deal with them.” Bruce put a reassuring hand over Tony’ shoulder, Tony relaxed instantly. “So Cap, gonna answer my questions or not?”
“Mr. Wayne, Tony is being irrational. His hatred towards Wanda is clouding his judgment.” Steve said slowly like he was talking to a child.
“Why does Tony hate Miss Maximoff?”
“He cannot handle the fact that Wanda does not like him. You know his ego.”
Bruce wanted to throttle him. Maybe someday he will.
“So you call Tony trying to put best lawyers of America on Wanda’s case irrationality? Tony doing everything to save Wanda is him hating her? Is Tony irrational or you are? Even an imbecile would agree that keeping a low profile is best course of action.”
“Brucie knows what being an imbecile feels like.” Clint sniggered lowly. Everybody ignored him except Natasha who shot him a sharp look.
“She is a kid. She should not have to deal with this.”
Bruce was done with Steve using the same argument over and over for everything. If Steve wants to do things like that then fine. Bruce will play and beat Steve at this own game. 
“Ok. Can we all agree that she is a kid?” Bruce asked with an evil glint in his eyes. Tony looked suspicious for a second and then realization dawned on him. His face took the same expression.
“Yes.” Steve gave a vehement agreement.
“Then she will be treated as one. She is to sleep on time. She will not get to buy anything she wants. She will get pocket money. She will get education she missed. She will obey the adults and if she misbehaves, she will get time outs. She is not to go on any Avengers missions and if she does, it will be your responsibility Cap. You will deal with the fallout. After all we cannot have a kid on the team.” Bruce drawled.
Tony was in heaven. He knew Bruce can be vindictive, but this was pure gold. Pepper would be proud.
“That is insane. Have you lost your mind? Who gave you the right?” Clint came very close to his limits. He might just take a swing at Wayne. 
“Calm down Barton. I’m sure she has no problem with this. If she messes up, it’s on you too. If she gets harmed or harms someone, I’ll make sure Tony sees to it that she gets a very nice foster family.”
“You are going to treat me like a kid?” Red mist surrounded Wanda. She was going to end Wayne. He does not know whom he’s messing with. She will show him his place.
“Oh sweetie but you are one. Steve said so.” Bruce said in overly sweet voice, a sarcastic pout already in place.
Tony so loves Bruce. He chose well. Bruce is amazing. He is going to show his appreciation tonight. Tony fell in love a little more. There was nothing romantic or erotic about situation but Tony wanted to make love to Bruce, right here right now.
“I am going to end you Wayne.” With that said Wanda aimed her powers at him, trying to exploit his fears. Red mist surrounded Bruce. 
Tony will kill her. That bitch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bruce Wayne
Tony Stark Feels
Bruce Wayne is Batman
Wanda Is A Bitch
Not Wanda Friendly
not team Cap friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bruce Wayne
Cap is one ungrateful piece of shit
Team Iron Man
Billionaire
Don't mess with Tony Stark
Billionaire husbands
don't mess with Bruce Wayne
Wanda is not a kid
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

