Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



"Brooklyn Boys" by ellebeesknees.
— —“Turn it up!” America yells from her pottery wheel across the art room.“No,” Steve says from his desk.“C’mon,” Teddy says, “This song is my favorite.”“What even is it?” Steve asks, not looking up from his laptop.“Howling Commandos,” Kate says, sketching at her table.The lead singer croons something sappy, which makes Steve roll his eyes a bit as he types out the last sentence of his email.“Bucky Barnes And The Howling Commandos,” Billy corrects, emphasizing the ‘and’.“Oh, so sorry to have forgotten your boyfriend,” Kate says, rolling her eyes.“Hey!” Teddy and Billy practically say in unison. Steve can’t help but smile. He remembers when the two of them spent all of Art Club making eyes at each other from across the room; now, they share a table and were nominated for Homecoming Court.“Mr. Rogers, I have an idea for a field trip,” America says.Steve looks at her from over the edge of his laptop and raises an eyebrow. “If your idea is anywhere other than the supply closet for some more pastels, then you’re out of luck. Art Club pretty much owes the school money at this point.”“How about Unity Club?” America asks.Steve shakes his head. “If you think that Art Club’s financial situation is bad, you should see Unity Club’s.”“Hmm… I see a common thread… one particular teacher…” Kate says.“Hmm… I see a particular thread… One club for the arts, the other for LGBT equality… Things the administration doesn’t give a shit about,” Steve responds.“I don’t see how you still have a job, speaking like that,” Teddy says.“Thank God for tenure,” Steve mutters. “Anyhow, out of gross curiosity, what’s the field trip?” he asks America.“Bucky Barnes And The Howling Commandos are playing in Brooklyn this weekend. You should bring us all!”“Why can’t you all go yourselves?” he asks.Billy levels him with an unimpressed look. “Broke,” he says.“Too young,” Teddy laments.“Which is why we need a responsible adult figure to pay and chaperone,” America says.Steve shakes his head. “Not even if I weren’t otherwise occupied this weekend.”America raises her eyebrows. “You’re occupied? What kind of weird shit are you getting into?”“Language,” Steve says. “This is a classroom.” America rolls her eyes, and Steve adds, “my boyfriend’s coming to visit” with a toothy grin.“Your boyfriend who lives in Canada?” Billy asks.“No, my boyfriend who lives in California.”“Oh, the boyfriend who you almost never talk about and who never comes into town except when you can’t take your class to the Bucky Barnes And The Howling Commandos concert. Does he even have a name?” Kate asks.“Yes,” Steve says, “His name is Bucky Barnes.”“Oh my God,” America says, rolling her eyes and turning back to her work as Billy, Teddy and Kate laugh. “You’re the worst.”“What, you don’t believe me?” Steve asks, all innocence.A chorus of “no”s come from around the room. Even Eli — who has been ignoring the lot of them as he works on a painting — chimes in.Meanwhile, Steve types a text on his Mac. I just told my class, but none of them believed me!A text comes back a few seconds later. You show them some of our private photos? ;) Think they’re pretty believable.You’re disgusting. Steve writes.
But you love me. 

God help me, Buck. I do.
— —“Schnookums,” Bucky says when Skype finally connects.“Don’t,” Steve says with a pout.Bucky makes a few kissy noises at the camera. “Dearest.”“Oh my God,” Steve says rolling his eyes. “I’ll log off, don’t think I won’t.”“I always expect the unexpected when it comes to you, baby.”Steve shudders. “If you say that again, I will dump you. I’m not kidding around.”Bucky tries to hold it in, but after a few seconds he breaks, laughing. “Okay, okay! Jeez, you’re so dramatic.”Steve pulls a blanket around his shoulders. He’s in his apartment, sitting on his bed with his laptop resting on his knees. “Says the guy who makes a living singing a song about his sixth grade crush.”“Steve,” Bucky says with a serious expression, “you were my sixth grade crush.”“I never said that you had bad taste in sixth grade.”Bucky opens his mouth as if to respond, but doesn’t. Instead he closes it and just smiles, resting his face on his hand and leaning closer to the screen. His hair kind of flops down a bit, and he’s in pajamas. When Steve sees pictures of him online he’s always in leather and denim, and he forgets how little softness Bucky can show of himself to the world. Steve feels lucky that he can see that softness. “I miss you,” Bucky says after a long moment.“You’re a sap.” Steve bites his lip. Bucky raises an eyebrow. “I miss you, too.”“There we go,” Bucky says, grinning now. “Now you’re gettin’ it.”“Nah, haven’t gotten it in about eight months.”Bucky snorts. “And there’s the charmin’ man I have pledged my love to.”“Just saying.”“Well, your long dry spell can end this weekend, if you want it to,” Bucky says with a grin, wiggling his eyeb
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Modern Era
Alternate Universe - Rock Band
Rock Stars
Alternate Universe - Teachers
Alternate Universe
Rock Star Bucky
Teacher Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Breaking Up & Making Up
Captain America Reverse Big Bang 2017

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

