Work Text:
TITLE: Units From Heaven*
AUTHOR:  J.D. Rush
FANDOM:  MARVEL, MCU–Iron Man and Guardians of the Galaxy
PAIRING:  Tony Stark/Peter Quill kinda
RATING:  R for excessive f-bombs and sexual innuendo  (I mean, it IS Tony Stark after all)
SPOILERS:  a couple of minor ones for “Guardians of the Galaxy 2”, nothing too damaging
SUMMARY:  The Guardians arrive on Earth with a dire warning.  Perhaps someone should have warned them about Anthony Edward Stark.  Takes place approximately three years after “Captain America:  Civil War”, and the Avengers are still estranged.  (I guess that’s the nicest word for it.)
DISCLAIMER:  Characters belong to MARVEL and Disney and anyone else who could sue me.  I also stole borrowed a couple of lines from “The Avengers”.  I’ll return them when I’m done with them.
AUTHOR’S NOTE:  Humour, it’s what I do.  This turned out more cracky than I expected, and while I poke fun at Tony, it’s done with deep love.  Also, I don’t know how long it takes Groot’s species to age or how the aging process works in space; for the sake of argument, let’s say he’s now the equivalent of early 20’s, ‘kay?
SECOND AUTHOR’S NOTE:  Many thanks to my lovely friend, Michele, for giving me the encouragement to write this, even though it meant putting up with my current Iron Man obsession and my crippling writer’s block.  The XF joke is just for you, sweetie.
Italics mean inner thoughts
“Boss, an unidentified flying object has landed in the south corner of the Compound.”“Unidentified?  As in…”“As in a space ship, Boss.  It just appeared and…”Tony Stark didn’t wait to hear the rest of what FRIDAY had to say.  With a flick of his wrist, his armor formed around him; in the blink of an eye, he was suited up and flying out to meet his ultimate nightmare.  He had been preparing for this moment for years, and he was ready.  Whatever came out of that ship was going to regret even thinking about coming to Earth, let alone being stupid enough to actually do it.Tony landed about ten feet from the brightly coloured alien craft, the mid-day sun reflecting off its vivid blue and orange hull.  He barely had a moment to be thankful that he had stuck to classic hot-rod red and gold for his suit when he noticed a side door begin to lower and a shadow crossed the opened hatch.  Bracing his hands in front of him, Tony powered up his repulsors.  
Okay, Stark, here we go.  Showtime.  Shoot first, ask questions later.  Bring it on, you space motherfuckers.  You are going DOWN!
The invader appeared.  It was a large grey bald male humanoid; shirtless, his bare torso was covered in intricate scarlet scars.  He wandered slowly out of the ship, his red-rimmed ice blue eyes looking around in wonder, a big smile on his pudgy face.“What the fuck?” Tony muttered under his breath.The first visitor was followed by another male humanoid who was wearing some kind of metal mask with red-disk eye lenses which rendered his face completely unreadable and reminded Tony a bit too much of that putz, Ant-Man.  He was decked out in a long brown leather duster, two high-tech guns strapped to his waist like a genuine space cowboy.“No, what the actual fuck?” Tony asked again.At that point, two shapely female aliens made their way down the ship’s ramp–one was a stunning brunette with green skin, the other was pretty with pale skin, big dark eyes and two tiny stalks protruding from her head.  Tony gave them the once-over and nodded.“Okay, hot chicks.  Good.  I can work with that, even the antenna.  But I still gotta ask… What.  The.  Fuck?”He didn’t get an answer.  Instead he got a fifth alien, and this one was definitely not humanoid.  In fact, it looked like a raccoon, walking on its hind legs, and wearing a uniform that contained more weaponry than Black Widow on a normal Thursday morning.  Tony tried to remember if he had gotten drunk last night so he could explain all this away as nothing more than a severe hangover.“What in the name of fuckitude is going on here?” Tony groused.  “I seriously don’t get paid enough to deal with this shit, and I get paid a fuck-ton, thank you very much.”The words were barely out of his mouth when a tall tree-like creature lumbered out of the ship and walked over to stand with the others.  With a disbelieving headshake, Tony threw up his hands in defeat.  “You know what?  I’m out of fucks.  Seriously, there are not enough fucks in my data bank for this.  I surrender.  Take me to your leader.  What the fuck ever.”“I am Groot,” the tree-creature rumbled, its arms–or rather limbs–stretched out wide in greeting.“Yeah, right, you come in peace,” Tony snorted with a sarcastic laugh.  “I’ve seen that movie, pal.  Not buying what you’re selling.”“I am Groot,” the creature repeated, the tone of the words slightly different from the first time.Hearing that, Tony lowered his hands.  Retracting his helmet, he glanced over his left shoulder towards the cluster of trees at the edge of the field.  “Yeah, I suppose she’s sexy.  For a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Peter Quill

freeform: 
Humour
excessive use of f-bombs
sexual innuendo
gen with hints of pre-slash

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Peter Quill

