Work Text:
Harley steps out of the elevator and comes face to face with a mountain of blond and muscles .No, he thinks as he squints upwards, that's definitely Thor. Wow, Tony wasn't kidding when he said Thor's biceps were probably thicker than Harley's torso.Thor doesn't seem to realize he's about to step on Harley, though, so Harley waves and says, "Hey. I'm down here, you know."Thor does a double-take and peers down at him, seemingly baffled.Harley helpfully gestures for him to move out of the way."Can I actually come into the room? Y'know, if you move?"Thor looks troubled, and frowns."Are you youngster allowed to roam these halls? It seems to me that the Man of Iron greatly values his privacy and would not allow anyone to enter his fortress.""Oh, sure," Harley assures him. "We're friends. He gave me the access codes."Immediately Thor relaxes and yeah, he does sort of look like a puppy. Tony was totally right. He gestures Harley forwards, and ushers him down a series of corridors, before opening a door. Harley resists the urge to tell him he knows the way.Tony's living room is full of Avengers.Okay, he knew what he was getting into, was sort of expecting it, but it still is all kinds of intimidating. He puts on his best Disinterested Tony Face and walks in."Hi." He offers when all heads turn his way and, for good measure, offers up a jaunty little wave (which he may or may not have practiced in front of a Tony Stark PR video. Harley's not admitting to anything).He actually makes it halfway through the room before Hawkeye asks, "Why is there a kid in the tower?"He looks up and scowls, and realizes maybe he didn't plan his route out carefully enough, because Black Widow's sitting a couple of feet away from him, oiling her knives. She doesn't say anything, but she's watching him expressionlessly from under her long lashes. She'd be kinda pretty if she wasn't, you know. Terrifying.He choses the better part of valor and directs his scowl at Hawkeye, who arches an eyebrow, looking unimpressed. Damn. Harley's wanted to learn how to do that for ages."None of your business.""He is here to see Tony!" Thor volunteers helpfully, grinning at Harley. Curious how that makes everyone shift alertly. It's Tony's tower, after all, who would he be here for? Them? Ha. Not likely."I'm authorized to be here, you can ask Jarvis, so I'm going to go and see Tony. Thank you so much for your attention." He makes a mock curtsy, but before he can escape there's a huge hand around his arm. He looks up and Captain America's holding him – not hurting him, but it doesn't seem like he's going anywhere soon."Hey!""Young Harley is indeed allowed here," Jarvis injects smoothly, his crisp British accent resonating around the room. "Sir has personally given him complete access to all the premises, and is inordinately fond of him. He would also probably resent your treatment of him, Captain Rogers."Captain America frowns, but doesn't let go. The Hulk – Doctor Banner, right, according to Tony he's pretty sensitive about that – has taken off his glasses and is glancing back and forth between Captain America and Harley."Young assassin, you think?" Black Widow asks Hawkeye conversationally. Harley's eyes go wide, but before he can protest, the archer shakes his head."Total access, remember?"Black Widow shrugs. "Doesn't mean anything. Stark knew I was a spy and still let me live with him.""True."At which point Harley decides he's had enough, and kicks Captain America in the shin. He immediately lets go of Harley's arm, and clutches at his shin, swearing under his breath and glaring at Harley. Across from him, Black Widow and Doctor Banner sit up straighter, and she looks at Harley with renewed interest. Harley glares up at Captain America."Thanks so much for your help. Since I do know the way to Tony's room, you'll excuse me."Captain America immediately steps up and blocks his way. Harley gives him Tony's You-Are-A-Moron glare. He has the good grace to look flustered."Look – we just can't let an unknown child wander around Tony's place. Especially after recent events. We're trying to keep him safe -"Harley scoffs."You mean after his last kidnapping. Bang-up job you're doing of keeping him safe."The room goes very, very still.Score one for Harley. He may be short, but that makes hitting under the belt easier.Black Widow's still looking at him consideringly. She opens her mouth – and is interrupted by Pepper's arrival."Harley!" She exclaims, her smile creasing her face and the corners of her eyes, and she's the most beautiful woman he's ever seen. She crosses the room with swift strides, and hugs him, before pulling back and pecking his forehead. "It's been so long! Tony will be so glad to see you!"Out of the corner of his eye, Harley can see the Avengers stiffen at the confirmation and grins interiorly. Ha. Score two for him."Is he awake?"Pepper smiles at him."And bored. I've got to run, but do go in. I think he could use the distraction.""Is Rhodey a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Harley is an adorable little shit
But he learned it from Tony

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Tony Stark

