Work Text:

Can’t Kill You, You’ll Die!
 The Asset had barely even touched his gun when the Mark tripped and went down in a flail of limbs and loose papers. He had to fight a sigh. Some might think the clumsy marks would be easier to kill, because it could be made to look like an accident, but actually it was much harder—they were more likely to accidentally dodge attempts on their lives. The Mark sat up, looking shocked. “Ow.” “Sir?” one of the secretaries called, standing from her desk. “Mr. Stark, are you okay?” “I think so?” The Mark pressed his palms to his eyes, letting out a sigh that betrayed deep exhaustion. “Yeah.” He took her hands when she offered them to him and pulled himself up, letting out a little noise of pain as he finally stood. “Ow!” The secretary began patting him down, concerned. “What? What’s wrong?” The Mark batted her hands away. “I’m fine, Ms. Carmichael. Just a twisted ankle.” “You can’t walk on that. Geri!” the secretary called. “Geri, call the medical wing—” “I hate medical,” the Mark complained, like a small child. “Don’t make me go! It was just you that saw it, I—” “Sir,” she said sternly. “Everyone on this floor saw you. You made the outer walls of the offices glass.” The Mark turned, frowning, and flushed a little when he saw everyone peering out of their offices at him. He lifted his hand and did a little finger-wave. Everyone rolled their eyes and went back to their work. The Asset gaped. Did… did this happen often? No one looked surprised. “Captain Rogers will be very upset if he hears we just let you ‘walk this off’ again,” the secretary was saying. The Asset perked up at the mention. Rogers. He knew that name. He recognized that face when doing recon for this mission. He didn’t know how, though. Had he been a previous Mark? But no—he’d be dead if he had been. There was a part of him, deep down, that he couldn’t explain. It wanted him to help Rogers. He didn’t tell his Handlers about it, though. They’d just burn it out of him, too. “Sir!” the secretary called out, making him snap to attention. “Could you escort Mr. Stark to medical? They’re expecting him.” “I hate medical,” the Mark whined again. The Asset mulled over it for a few seconds, but the tiny part of him that wanted to help Rogers won out. Besides, there was nothing sporting about killing a man that couldn’t run. “If you take me to medical, I’ll have you fired!” the Mark said, then whined when the Asset scooped him up like he weighed nothing. “Why isn’t anyone afraid of me anymore?” “Because you’re a giant marshmallow, Mr. Stark,” the secretary told him sternly. The Asset snorted as the Mark began to pout. “I saw you feeding pigeons your bagel this morning.” “Oh my God, so I like feeding birds.” The Mark crossed his arms with a huff. It was… endearing. The Asset liked having him in arms. He smelled nice and was the perfect weight to be carried without being a burden. He walked a little slower, so he could hold him longer. “If I’m too heavy, you can put me down,” the Mark said, noticing, because he was clever, which was why he was such a threat to Hydra. “I know carrying a grown-ass man is difficult even at the best of times—” “Carrying you is like carrying a small cat,” the Asset told him, because he had picked a cat up on the way here to pet it. “A very small cat.” The Mark squawked, offended. “Listen here, Buck-o!” The Asset felt a small thrill at the feeling of remembering. Buck-o. No, no, not that—Bucky. He was Bucky. …Who would name their child ‘Bucky?’ “—And if I were a cat I would not be small!” the Mark finished, proud of himself. The Asset (Bucky?) had not heard a word, but when he sat the brunet down on a seat in the medical bay of the Tower, he reached out to pet his hair. “The only thing not small about you is your ego. You share that with cats, too.” The Mark squawked again. .-.-.-. If Stark wasn’t getting himself injured in front of witnesses, he was with his lover, Steve Rogers, and the Asset (Bucky!) found Rogers to be the wildest wild card to ever exist. Horrifying. He’d seen a video of him throwing a trash can at a couple of Nazis (who were unaffiliated with Hydra, from what Bucky could tell. They weren’t trained well, if they were.). So he kept his back to Rogers as much as he could. The last thing he needed was to have his mission ruined by being recognized. Not that he really cared to finish the mission now. Memories kept filtering in (sometimes at the most inopportune times) and he… wanted them. He wanted to keep them, not have Hydra rip them away again. Plus, holding Stark was very nice. He wanted to bury his face in his hair sometimes. “So,” Stark said as he scooped him up for no reason, because all he’d done was get a paper cut. “When are you going to kill me?” Bucky dropped him. “Why!” Stark yowled, much like the cat he’d first described him as. Bucky fumbled for his gun and pointed it at him. “What do you know?” Stark sneered, shoving the gun out of his face, and Bucky… let him. “I’m 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Comedy of Errors
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

