Chapter 1: Damn Terrans
    




Chapter Text
 Meredith's boy had a black eye again. He tilted his face, trying to hide it, but Meredith's eyesight was still sharp, despite the cancer.“Why you been fightin' with the other boys again, baby?” She kept her tone gentle, but Peter didn't answer. “Peter...”The boy sniffled. “They killed a little frog what ain't done nothin'. Smushed it with a stick.”Meredith's chest jolted slightly as she laughed weakly. “You are so like your daddy.”The image of Jason seemed to swim in front of Meredith; his smile, his starry eyes... she could practically hear the timbre of his voice.“And he was an angel,” Meredith breathed, “made of pure light...”“Mery?” Meredith's father cleared his throat. “You uh, you got somethin' there for Peter, right?”“Of course,” Meredith breathed. She tried to push the package towards him, but moving her arm felt like sliding lead.“Gotcha covered, Pete,” Meredith's father said gruffly, stowing the brightly-colored package into Peter's backpack.“You open that up when I'm gone, baby.” Meredith tried to smile. “Your grandpa is going to take such good care of you, at least until your daddy comes back to get you.”Suddenly, Meredith felt something in her chest. Almost like a balloon was blowing up in her body, and as it did, she lost feeling in her fingers, her toes...and it was spreading. Instictively, Meredith knew she was being called.“Take my hand, baby.” Meredith reached out for one last touch.Peter turned his head away; he couldn't watch her die. But still, Meredith reached out, desperate for some way to say goodbye.“Peter, take my hand.”“Peter,” Meredith's father warned.Suddenly, the balloon in Meredith's body popped, and the heart monitor screamed a flat line.“Mom? Mom!” Peter grabbed for her arm. “No! No!”“Come on, Peter!” Meredith's father moved him out of the room as doctors scrambled in. “Just stay here for me, okay? Okay?”As soon as Meredith's father turned away, Peter ran. The blinding light began to fade as Peter blinked his eyes, but he could still hear screaming. It took him a minute to realize that screaming was coming from him.“Damn, Terrans is loud.”“Is they all that small?”“No you idiot, it's a kid!” The loudest voice roared.Peter didn't recognize any of the voices. Sobbing, he blinked away the patterns still swirling over his eyelids, then looked up. Standing right in front of him was a man with a red crest on his forehead, blue skin, and teeth like jagged bones.Peter screamed again.The figures around him cringed, some covering their ears.“Shut that damn thing up!”A hand, half-coated in fur and bearing long claws, came down as if to strike Peter across the face. Streaks of red appeared across Peter's vision, and his breath caught in his throat. An arrow had sliced across the furry hand; the bearer of it yowled and stumbled back.“Don't you lay a damned hand on the cargo,” the blue man snarled, “or you'll be answrin' t'me, y'all hear?”The figures nodded. “Aye, cap'n.”Peter stared up in shock and horror, tears stinging. The blue man looked down at him.“Whass wrong with you,” the blue man asked.Peter couldn't speak.“I said, whass wrong with ya?”The snarl frightened Peter, who immediately started to bawl again.“Maybe Terrans don't know how to talk at twelve years, captain.” A tall, lanky teen stammered.“I know what Terrans can do, smartass!” The blue man, the captain, roared over his shoulder, then looked back at Peter. “He can speak. He's just too much of a pansy to do it.”The blue man kneeled down to get eye-to-eye with Peter.“What's your name,” he asked.“Peter Quill.” Peter blurted it automatically. “I wanna go home.”“Why you wanna go home, boy? You got any reason to go home?”Peter opened his mouth, then closed it, starting to sob again. He sunk to his knees and cried on the round doorway he'd came through. The rest of the figures shuffled awkwardly.“Y'all get back to it,” the blue man said, “I'll take care of the cargo.”“Aye, cap'n.”As the rest of the figures shuffled off, the blue man stared down at the sobbing kid.“Kraglin,” he barked.The lanky teen from before came before the captain, and saluted him by slamming his right fist over his left shoulder.“Go get a berth ready for the kid, and some food,” the captain said quietly, “and don't let nobody do anythin' stupid to it like last time.”“Aye, cap'n.” Kraglin quickly left.Peter took a deep, shaky breath, his fingers still clutching his Walkman.“Whatchu got there, boy?” The blue man made as if to take the Walkman.Slap! Wham! Peter drew the back of his hand across the blue man's face then kicked him hard in the shin.“Get away from me,” Peter screamed.The blue man yelled, more in shock than pain, and Peter ran. He ran down filthy metal tunnels, tears streaming from his eyes. He made a left turn and found himself in a room full of figures. In the light, he could see them clearly; scarred, bizarre faces. Not human. Definitely not human.Peter stopped, wide-eyed.They looked at him, unperturbed;
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Meredith Quill/Yondu Udonta
Meredith Quill/ Ego
Kraglin Obfonteri & Meredith Quill
Peter Quill & Yondu Udonta
Meredith Quill & Peter Quill
Kraglin Obfonteri & Peter Quill
Stakar Ogord & Yondu Udonta
Aleta Ogord/Stakar Ogord

freeform: 
Why Did I Write This?
I Don't Even Know
Shipping in Space
Mother-Son Relationship
Father-Son Relationship
Father-Daughter Relationship
Team as Family
Family
Slow Burn
Slow Romance
fast updates
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood and Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alcohol
Pancakes
Morally Ambiguous Peter
Parent Yondu Udonta
Parent Meredith Quill
Big Brother Kraglin
Bank Robbery
Space Pirates
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Language
Girls with Guns
Kid Peter Quill
Gambling
Moral Dilemmas
Moral Lessons
Cancer
Brain Surgery
Surgery
Cybernetics
Mama Bear Quill
Near Death Experiences
Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation
Emotional Roller Coaster
Emotional Manipulation
Emotions
So many emotions
Sassy Peter Quill
Interspecies Relationship(s)
Kissing
Hallway Makeouts
I Will Survive
Karaoke
Meeting the Parents
The table
Nova Corps
Flirts in Uniform
finished work
Finally
Space Battles
I forgot to tag the Space Battles
Swearing
Quite a bit of swearing
Canon-typical swearing

fandom: 
Meredith Quill/Yondu Udonta
Meredith Quill/ Ego
Kraglin Obfonteri & Meredith Quill
Peter Quill & Yondu Udonta
Meredith Quill & Peter Quill
Kraglin Obfonteri & Peter Quill
Stakar Ogord & Yondu Udonta
Aleta Ogord/Stakar Ogord

