Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Chapter 1
 As Steve lay on the ground, struggling to breathe through the pain in his gut, he conceded that spitting on Rumlow was a stupid idea. But since Rumlow was leaving him to be eaten by a dragon, he had no regrets—getting punched was worth the look of shocked disgust on Rumlow’s face.Over the sound of his own gasping breaths, he became aware of a susurration coming from the mouth of the cave behind him, like dried rushes being dragged slowly over stone. The dragon. This was it.Maybe he’d get to see his mother again. He would’ve liked to have said goodbye to Sam, but he’d left the village months ago. He wondered how long would it take for Gabe and Jim to realize he was missing. A week or two at least, since life and responsibilities had started taking up more of their time.Enough. Stop putting it off. Softly, whispered in his mind, he heard his mother’s voice: You always stand up, Steven. He groaned and got his knees under him, grateful that his hands were tied in front of him, and not behind. By slow, painful increments, he stood up. Stars swam before his eyes as he swayed on his feet, balance made precarious by his bound wrists and ankles. He could already feel the hot dry draft of the dragon’s breath against the back of his neck.  He looked out across the empty clearing, at the trees just turning golden in the early autumn, and tried to draw some peace from the beauty of his surroundings. With a shaky inhalation, he shuffled around. He got an impression of leathery wings and inky blackness and—He blinked. “I thought you’d be bigger.”Horror crept over him as he heard the words leave his mouth.The dragon’s head reared back and its eyes flared silver, tail lashing back and forth like an angry cat’s.Not only was he going to die, he was going to die horribly.He squeezed his eyes shut as he heard the dragon approach. Then came a loud inhalation which ruffled Steve’s hair. Oh gods, he’s smelling me. Please don’t let me smell tasty. His knees felt like water, and it was all he could do to remain standing. The dragon sniffed at him a few more times, then something cold and pointed slid between his wrists and sliced right through the ropes that bound them. The same thing happened to the ropes around his ankles. He gasped as blood rushed back to his extremities, bringing with it a flood of stabbing, jabbing prickles.He waited for something to happen. Nothing did.Steve opened his eyes. The dragon was sitting on its haunches, head cocked like a very large and curious bird. It studied him with silvery gray eyes that held a disturbing intelligence. Now that Steve could get a better look, he realized the dragon wasn’t small at all. It was about double his height, and had a body corded with thick ropes of muscle. Jet black diamond-shaped scales covered it, all except for its left foreleg, which was armored in some kind of shiny silver metal. A red crystal star that caught the sunlight was affixed at the shoulder. A crest of long, spear-like scales flared out from its aquiline head.He’d heard many stories about dragons when he was growing up, on long winter nights when folk gathered around the tavern fireplace to share warmth and each other’s company. The stories all told of the dragons’ strength and aggression, of the destruction they left in their wake. Yet the dragon in front of him didn’t seem all that aggressive or destructive.<Are you my tribute?>Steve looked around wildly. He’d heard a voice, but the dragon hadn’t opened its mouth. The wide clearing in front of the cave was empty, and Rumlow and Rollins should be halfway back to the village by now.<You’re very small…> the voice continued doubtfully.He turned back to stare at the dragon. It was definitely the dragon speaking, its head now canted forward in an attitude of polite inquiry. Somehow it, no, he—that voice was very male—was putting words right into Steve’s head. He’d never heard anything as clear as that voice before. It was smooth and deep, with a hint of gravel, and it made all other sounds seem soft and muzzy in comparison.Then the dragon’s words registered—the slight emphasis on the word ‘small’.His fists balled up at his sides. “I’m not that small,” he shot back. He regretted the words even as they left his mouth.<Do you want me to eat you?>“No, but—” He broke off his instinctive response. All his life, he’d believed in doing what was right… he was not about to stop now. Wincing at the prickling pain in his feet, he straightened up to his full height. “Yes. If it means you’ll leave this place.”<But you don’t look very filling.> The tip of the dragon’s tail twitched. <I don’t suppose you’re a virgin?> he asked, sounding hopeful. <I’ve heard they taste better.>He gritted his teeth and refused to answer. The dragon could very well find that out for himself. He stared at the dragon. The dragon stared back. Then the dragon got up, turned around, and went back into his cave.Steve gaped as the long, snakelike tail slithered 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
dragon Bucky
Protective Bucky Barnes
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Fluff
Light Angst
Captain America Reverse Big Bang 2017

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

