Work Text:
They didn’t see it coming, Stark kicking them out. He didn’t kick them out per se, he just stuck 100k as rent on them. Cheers.
They can’t even say that blasted 100k was too much because to be frank it was not. Their salaries didn’t touch that figure though. Something needed to be done. So they decided to go to the only person who might be able to intimidate Stark to drop his whiney diney selfish act. 
Wanda’s situation was another problem. That stupid collar was inhumane. Even Steve’s strength failed against it. What. The. Heck? After some time they realized it was made from fucking Vibranium. How. The. Heck? The only way to remove it might just do what Stark said. A tough pill to swallow. 
For now they were meeting with Director Fury to discuss what they can do about the Stark Situation. They decided to let Steve do the talking.
~*~
“Thank you Director for meeting us on such a short notice.”
“No need for such pleasantries Captain. What do you need?”
“We have come to talk to you about Tony’s erratic behavior. He is being influenced by the Batman and now he had asked us to pay ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND Dollars as rent and did this to Wanda.” Steve pointed towards Wanda.
“What? Batman? Captain elaborate.”
“His husband, Bruce Wayne is Batman. He is the one who suggested collar for Wanda and manipulated Tony into charge rent for the Compound. I am worried about him. That why I need your help in containing Batman so that I can assume command without interruptions.”
“Hmm… This explains things. Wayne is Batman. Who saw that coming, that sly bastard. Only Stark would go and marry Batman. And I know Stark won’t be this cruel. He must have given some out for Wanda. So what is the problem again? And didn’t he make you sign NDAs?
“Uhhh… He said Professor Xavier will decide when to let her out… Director, Tony is getting out of hand! We need to do something. To be frank your attitude towards the situation is insulting. Don’t you care at all?”
“I don’t see anything wrong with the situation Cap. Compound is a property of Stark so he gets to do what he wants and 100k? You got a good deal. Your inability to afford that is a different matter. As for that collar? Nobody is going to stop Stark on that. Maximoff is a liability now. Before making that collar Stark had gotten the approval of the Government. Yes, I knew about the collar. As you said it will be removed on the decision of Xavier. Meaning she has to go the school of Mutants where she will learn to control her powers. 
Now tell me, did you or did you not sign the NDA?”
“Yes we did. But it doesn’t matter! This is Batman we are talking about.”
“And I assume you are planning to tell the world about it?”
“He had threatened Natasha but he has nothing incriminating on me. So yes I will go public. The truth will come out and Natasha will be shielded. A win-win.” The others also nodded their consent.
Fury rolled his eyes and said, “Do you have any idea how stupid you sound? Do you know whom you are pitting against? Let me tell you what will happen. There are three possible outcomes. You tell the world and people will accept it and move on. Or if people react badly, Wayne will either prove you wrong and might even slap a defamation lawsuit and make you look like idiots or if he can’t prove you wrong he will charm the world into loving him as Stark had done before with the Iron Man AND slap a lawsuit for breaching the NDA. Take your pick. In all the cases you lose.
Wayne and Stark, they are the guys who have lunches with President every six months. They are way beyond you. They have a horde of professionals with expertise in Public Relations backing them. They are the billionaires. Gotham loves the Batman after he saved them from the nuke, the Joker and what not. Superman will vouch for him so will Wonder Woman, the Flash and all of the League. The world loves Bruce Wayne despite everything. 
But you? Not so much right now. Nigeria is still fresh in everyone’s minds. Don’t forget you and Natasha had leaked all the SHIELD’ data. Both of you survived because of Stark’s lawyers. And Clint you? Nobody cares about you, to be honest. You don’t make headlines. Not many know you. Heck, Green Arrow is more loved. Wilson? Also irrelevant. A piece of advice Wilson, you love your wings? They are SI tech. They can be snatched away before you know it. Let us just not talk about Wanda. So just drop it.”
This was getting out of hand. They should not have let Steve do the talking. What a mess. This is ridiculous. But nothing to worry. Natasha still has one card up her sleeve. Now its time for her to talk.
“Did you know that Stark has stolen the Vibranium from Wakanda? This has political disaster written all over it.” Natasha smirked.
“Did you know how Stark survived Palladium poisoning? He synthesized Vibranium. In his fucking lab. So in a few years Vibranium will be out in the market under a joint venture between Stark Industries and Wayne Enterprises if the talks I hear is correct. Do you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Nick Fury & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Team Iron Man
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bruce Wayne
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Billionaire husbands
Husbands
Rich - Freeform
listen to nick fury
Team Cap is Stupid
dont mess with stark-waynes
Nick Fury Knows All
Tony Stark Feels
Bruce Wayne is Batman
Protective Bruce Wayne
Protective Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Nick Fury & Avengers Team

