Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The elevator to the common area of the Tower pinged open and the team poured out, all in varying levels of injured, all several steps past pissed off.“That should have been easy! Instead it was a clusterfuck!!” Natasha fumed, the smoke pouring from her mouth with the words making everyone else uneasy. “What the hell went wrong?”“Hey honey, why don't you shift back all the way so you don't accidentally light my couch on fire like you did last week, hm?” Tony called from his position in Steve's arms, cradled close to the big blonds chest. “I know it's an ugly couch but it was just shockingly expensive and no amount of Scotch-guard protects from burns.”“Tony, just be quiet and let us check you over.” Bucky interjected, and sent a steely eyed glare at Natasha. “Shift down , dragon lady, before you singe something. Steve, put him on the couch.”Steve set Tony down carefully, tucking a pillow behind his head, and then bent over and ripped Tony's under armor right down the middle, tossing the shredded pieces aside so they could see the mess of bruises and scrapes down his abdomen.“Steve!” Tony yelped. “Easy on the clothing!”“Damn it, Tony.” Clint flew in through the window, still partial shifted in his hawk form, tucking his giant wings behind him. “Stop yelling about your shirt. We told you to stay back and away from the fight. You could have seriously gotten hurt!”“Oh yeah.” Tony rolled his eyes and tried to sit up, grimacing when everything pulled. “Tell the man in the suit and with all weapons to stay back and let the animals handle it. That sounds like a great idea.”“Yeah well, if you would have listened you wouldn't be all banged up, would you?” Clint pointed out, shifting back into his human form, the wings and golden eyes disappearing. “Tasha, shift down baby, you're smoking up the room.”He grabbed a blanket for her, and Natasha took a deep breath as she began shifting, the scales on her body rippling and shimmering before disappearing, long claws retracting and horns fading back into her hair.Within a minute she stood at her usual five-two, green eyes and red hair. It was a far cry from her dragon, and everybody relaxed once she was wrapped in a blanket and headed to the kitchen to make coffee.“Anything broken?” Steve asked and Bucky felt over Tony's ribs gingerly, mindful of the bruising and cuts, his fingers probing gently, blue eyes worried when Tony flinched away from even the light touch.“Nothing cracked, just some hard bruising. Damn it, Tony what the hell were you thinking ?” His voice dropped into a growl, his Wolf still close to the surface after the battle and Tony swallowed hard, pushing back the jolt of want at the sound.“I didn't want you guys to get hurt.” he said timidly. “So I stepped in.”“We were fine, Tony.” Wanda finally appeared from the elevator, leaning heavily on Vision. “Even though, perhaps these boys--” her deeply accented voice sharpened as she glared at Bucky and Steve. “--should be grateful we have you looking out for us, instead of yelling at you while you are hurt .”“Yeah see?” Tony closed his eyes against a fresh wave of pain. “Listen to snake lady. She knows I was right. How are you by the way, Wanda? You took a pretty hard hit.”“Better now.” She touched her leg carefully, where a ricocheting bullet had plowed into and right through her body while she had been shifted. As her Constrictor, she was such a hard target to hit that it was always surprising when she got hurt at all, and by the look on her pale face she was  definitely feeling it.“Shift back into your snake.” Bucky instructed. “You will heal faster as your Constrictor, yeah?”Everyone in the room exchanged an amused glance over the command, knowing it was less about Bucky telling Wanda what to do, and more about him genuinely being concerned that she was alright.As more and more of his Winter Soldier conditioning left him, Bucky had changed from sullen, quiet and dangerous into a sweet, kind hearted man, who always was looking out for everyone else. Being a Wolf shifter meant his protective instincts ran deep and he had no problem bullying his way into a situation just to take care of whoever was being picked on or was hurt.During a battle, he was nothing less than a killer, both in his shifted Wolf and in human form, but post battle? Basically a giant marshmallow.Steve loved it, loved seeing so much of his best friend back after thinking he had lost the old Bucky forever. Natasha tended to roll her eyes over it, while Clint was just relieved that someone else on the team besides him fussed when they got hurt. Tony ignored everything Bucky said, even when Steve was agreeing just as loudly, and Vision and Wanda took it all in stride.Right now, Wanda let her eyes soften and warm in his direction. “Thank you for your concern, Bucky. But I wanted to check on Tony before I went to bed. Make sure he was alright.”“I'm fine.” Tony waved her off. “You guys get out of here. Vision, take her and let
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/ Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/ James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
shifter fic
Cat Tony Stark
Lion Steve Rogers
Wolf Bucky Barnes
stuckony - Freeform
Stony - Freeform
winteriron
Stucky - Freeform
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Jealousy
Possessive Behavior
Tony is Smol
Tony is High Maintenance
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
BAMF Rhodey
Protective Natasha
NSFW
Explicit Sexual Content
Fluff
Light Angst
Smut
Fluff and Smut and Feels
Come Marking
Come Swallowing
Blowjobs
Fingering
Threesomes
Rough Sex
partial shifting
Sharing a Bed
Sharing a Boyfriend
Semi-Public Sex
Elevator Sex
limo sex
Everybody loves Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/ Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/ James "Bucky" Barnes

