Chapter 1





Chapter Text



The plane hit ice with a squeal of metal and shattering glass. Seawater rushed in, so cold it was hot. Steve gasped in a breath before the seawater covered his head, angling his body for the broken windshield.  If he could get out, he might have half a chance.Above him, the lights flickered and died and the metal screeched as the airplane settled, sank, with him still in it. Desperately, Steve tried to orient himself, find up from down, but it was so cold he couldn’t feel… and he needed air…… and then…Steve woke with a pleasantly heavy feeling in limbs, like he’d been down for awhile and finally gotten a good rest. For one moment -- one long, comfortable moment -- he thought he was in his pup-tent with the commandos. It was time to get up and drink a cup of joe with Bucky and the boys.No. Bucky was dead. Red Skull was gone--taken up and vanished literally into thin air -- and Steve was ... in a jail cell?He blinked and looked around.It was a large cell, by his estimates. Maybe eight by twenty-two. Not that Steve had ever been a jailbird, but he’d seen the tiny cages the 107th had been kept in.He was laying on a single metal plate that served as a bed, bolted down to the wall with a simple sheet thrown over it. The floor was gray concrete, and the front of the cell was a wall of interlocking bars with a reinforced steel door.An older man stood on the other side of those bars, in the hallway beyond. He was balding, had a pounchy gut and a fancy dark blue suit of a cut Steve had never seen before. He stared at Steve with interest, chewing the end of an unlit cigar.Steve sat up and a wave of weakness stole over him, making him brace an arm against the nearby wall to catch himself. That’s when he saw his right arm had a green tracing of raised veins from his wrist all the way up to the crook of his elbow.“Whoa there son,” the older man said genially. “You may want to take it easy for a few minutes. I’ve been told palladium poisoning packs a punch.”“Philladum?” Steve tried the word and found it unfamiliar.The man smiled. “Among other things. We had to pump in a veritable cocktail to keep you down for transport. Don’t worry, you body will clear it out soon. That’s… really the point.”So this man knew what his serem-enhanced body was capable of. Steve straightened, dropping his arm.“Am I a prisoner of war?” he asked. The man’s gravelly voice sounded American, with no other accent he could place, but Steve had encountered Nazi defectors before.The man spread his hands, looking charmed. “You’re a guest of my facility.”“Guests usually aren’t behind bars,” he noted.“Point. But nevertheless you, Captain, are going to help me save the world.”He didn’t like where this was going. Centering himself, he stood. The concrete was cold under his bare feet, but his legs held him and the dizziness was rapidly fading. His body was taking care of whatever had kept him asleep. “You and I both know I can do my part better on the front lines, sir.”The man smiled again and Steve got the uncomfortable impression he’d just performed some trick, like a dancing bear at a circus, but he wasn’t sure what it was.“You’re really something special,” the man said. “But I’m less interested in your fighting ability than what’s in your blood.”He was after the serem, then. Steve wasn’t surprised -- he always had a feeling it would come to this one day. He stood at parade rest and let his gaze drift over the bars of the cell again. The places were they sunk into the concrete and around the door would be the weakest links. “And why would I help you with that?” he asked, more to keep the man talking than anything else.The man took a step forward. Steve could almost reach between the bars and grab him. If he had a key on him…“Because your metabolism runs much higher than the average person’s, and you need to eat. Three meals a day in exchange for an occasional collection of blood. That’s all I ask, Captain.” The man replaced the cigar in his mouth. “Think about it. We’ll talk later.”He made to leave, and Steve blurted, “Wait, where am--”“Oh, and if you want my advice?” The man turned back and gestured to the bars. “These are adamantium -- indestructible, and expensive, by the way. They also pack one hell of a punch. I wouldn’t get too close.”Then he walked away. 

****
 Turns out ‘one hell of a punch’ meant that the bars were electrified. Steve heard the hum as he got close. When he tapped one with the back of his hand, searing fire raced up his arm. He jerked back, ringing his hand. His fingers were numb for a moment or two, before returning to normal.Okay, so he wasn’t getting out by way of the bars then.He couldn’t see down the hall to any other cells, if there were any,  so he spent the next several hours going over every inch of his enclosure. Apart from the bed, toilet,  and sink, there was no other fixtures. The back and side walls were made of cinderblock, though short of punching his way through -- and that would caus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Trust Issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

