Work Text:
The grey clouds were threatening snow as Clint Barton traipsed through the strip of woodland on the crest of the hill. On the other side of the trees he would find a field where, if he was lucky, he might bag a few of the rabbits that appeared out of their warrens as dusk approached. Beyond that was the road that would lead him home to the town where he and Barney were staying.It was cold enough that he had no wish to stay out longer than he needed to. As soon as he had some game in his bag he’d be back to town and warming his hands by the fire in the inn. For now he shouldered his bow and tucked his fingers under his jacket to banish the chill for a few moments.On the edge of the trees he paused. Sure enough, the little dark shapes of rabbits were grazing peacefully on the hillside. They made no move to run when he began to creep into a good vantage point for shooting, or even when the noise of horses’ hooves and carriage wheels drifted across from the road.Clint raised his head to watch the coach. It was a rich travelling coach, vibrantly painted in red with a gilt crest and curlicues, shamelessly gaudy. The team of horses trotted along at a steady pace, eating up the ground but in no real hurry. They could not mean to travel far before the light faded, Clint thought, and spared a moment to imagine the passengers inside such a rich vehicle. It might almost have belonged to a prince.As he watched and mused, the crack of a pistol shot broke the quiet of the evening, shockingly loud. The rabbits scattered, streaking for their burrows, and Clint leapt to his feet, looking wildly around. Suddenly the road was swarming with people. Men and horses appeared from another patch of woodland to surround the coach. Another shot rang out, and the coach came to a standstill. The driver and grooms sat frozen on the box, hands raised, covered by two riders with guns. The rest of the men dismounted and surrounded the coach doors. After a brief scuffle a man was dragged out, and pushed to his knees on the ground. A lady followed, held tight by two of the men. The man who appeared to be the leader levelled his pistol at the head of the man on the ground.Clint reached for his bow.The figures were at a distance that made him bite his lip even as he drew the arrow. He could shoot the man in the back or the leg, but that was no guarantee that he wouldn’t fire as he fell. The only way to be sure was to go for his hand. Clint took a breath and let his mind expand into the long, slow moment before the arrow released.He imagined that he felt the impact as it hit.The man cried out and turned. Clint’s next arrow took him in the shoulder. The third went into the back of one of the men holding the coachmen at pistol point. His horse bolted as he fell, knocking another two men off their feet, and that, it seemed, was enough. As the scene was thrown into confusion the driver and grooms jumped into action, and the man on the ground was suddenly possessed of a gun from some mysterious hiding place.Clint set off down the hillside at a run. By the time he came panting up to the coach with an arrow still nocked on his bow, two men were dead, one of the grooms was bleeding from a knife wound and the rest of the attackers had run for their horses and were over the brow of the hill.It was the lady who saw him first, as the coachman and groom were tending to their companion, and the gentleman was on his knees by the corpse of the robber. Clint saw her hand come up to cover her mouth as he neared her. Her eyes settled on his bow, and then came up questioningly to meet his own.“It was you?”The words were spoken in refined voice, which gave him a little shock of recognition. It had been years since he’d heard someone speak that way, and longer still since he’d needed to himself. He nodded, returned the arrow to its quiver and slung the bow across his back. “I saw you from the hilltop.”She was very beautiful, despite her rumpled gown and the few tears she was brushing away from the corners of her eyes. Her hair was red-gold and simply dressed, and her travelling cloak was of rich wool trimmed with fur. She gave him a watery smile. “Thank you. Oh, I do thank you. Tony,” she called to the man, who was now getting to his feet and dusting himself off, “are you well?”“Well enough,” the man said. He sounded tense and angry, as well he might be, and his eyes flashed as he looked in the direction the men had fled.Clint followed his gaze. With the rush of action over, he was beginning to feel very confused. “What happened?” he said. “Why would they attack you?”The man turned to Clint. He had very white teeth, and his smile held something of the devil in it, vicious and enticing at once. “I’m told that most people of my acquaintance have wished to shoot me at one time or another,” he drawled. “There are too many reasons to count. These were simply in it for the money.”“But there have been no highwaymen in these parts for years,” Clint said.The man and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Regency
homosexuality is accepted
Marriage of Convenience
Fluff and Angst
age difference (18 and 28)
young and stupid!Clint
Virginity
there's a bit of plot in there somewhere
but it's all pretty implausible
this was disturbingly easy to write
I have probably read too many Georgette Heyer novels
i.e. all of them

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

