Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
     Bucky glanced down at the small card in his hand, checked the address, then nervously looked back up at the building. He was unmistakably in the right place.Part of him would have preferred to be lost. That way he could have gone home and saved face in front of Natasha. The G train got held up, it was such a mess, I got there two hours late, and then I couldn’t find the—He was not late, and the number was right there on the façade, an elegant golden 616, impossible to miss. Bucky wasn’t sure what he’d expected. An industrial zone, maybe. Or a suspicious-looking massage parlor, with painted-over windows. Both of which, granted, were very unlikely in this part of Manhattan, but—still. Instead he was standing in front of a huge white marble building, with busy people in suits rushing in and out of the revolving doors, checking their phones and invariably cursing at them between their teeth. Bucky was staying well out of the way in case they bowled him over. He was pretty sure the ground floor was a bank.He stood there for another minute. Then he shouldered his bag and finally crossed the street, with hurried strides, staring at the ground. He went up the marble steps, walked through the revolving doors, and made a beeline across the lobby for the elevators. Those, too, were absurdly fancy, all rosewood and gilded edges, pinging softly when the doors opened.First floor. Bucky pressed the button and swallowed, glancing at himself in the narrow mirror. Should he tie up his hair? God, maybe he should have shaved. But his looks didn’t matter, probably. He was the client here, he didn’t have to make a good impression. Right?It was too late to run back out anyway. * The elevator stopped with a soft ding. Bucky didn’t get out, working up his nerve, wishing his stomach would unknot.Eventually, the doors started closing; he startled and stepped out, prompting them to re-open. The hallway was as fancy as the rest of the building, soft carpet muffling his steps, beautiful doors carefully numbered.Bucky swallowed. The elevator doors soundlessly closed again behind him. Pull yourself together, c’mon. The door he wanted was at the end of the hall, number 107.Stupidly he’d expected a plaque, like for a dentist or doctor. But of course there was nothing.He walked there, raised his metal hand, then thought better of it and knocked with his right fist.“Coming,” said a voice inside.Steps, locks turning, and then…Bucky blinked. There stood a small, blue-eyed guy, who looked politely surprised to see him.“Um—hello,” Bucky croaked, stomach plummeting. He hadn’t thought someone else would be there. “I’m… I’m here to see Steve Rogers.” He held up the card. “I’m Natasha’s friend?”The little guy blinked, then beamed at him.“Bucky, right?” He held out his hand. “I’m Steve.”Bucky opened his mouth, but thankfully found nothing to say and promptly shook hands instead. That guy was Steve Rogers?“Hi,” he managed.“Please, come in.” Steve stepped back, waited for Bucky to duck inside, and then locked the door.Bucky looked around. The apartment was bright and pleasantly decorated, if a bit on the bland side. Gleaming floorboards, a potted plant with dark glossy leaves. Rattan chairs, pinewood dressers, exposed beams. Fancy zen.As he walked in, he finally saw something out of the ordinary: a thick straw mat in the corner, with bundles of colored ropes neatly stacked next to it. All very innocuous, still.“Not what you expected?” Steve said behind him.There was a knowing smile on his face when Bucky turned around. It needled him enough that he finally found his voice.“Well, it’s pretty tame for a dungeon.”Steve laughed. “Been in a lot of those?”Bucky cracked a smile. “Not really.”“Alright, can I get you something? Tea, or…?”“Tea’s good.” Bucky sat on the couch and rested his hands on his thighs, so he wouldn’t start fidgeting. The silence in the apartment was thick like cotton; the windows must be double-paned, the walls soundproof. Couldn’t let the neighbors overhear what was going on in here.Bucky’s prosthetic whined and whirred in the quiet.Steve came back from the kitchen, balancing two cups and a pot of tea on a tray. For some reason, Bucky couldn’t look away from Steve’s bare feet; they seemed slightly too big for him—his hands, too, like he should have grown up to be taller and broader, but something had gotten in the way. Bucky kinda hated himself for focusing on how small he was. As if it mattered.Steve’s blond hair was getting in his eyes, in sharp contrast with his dark clothing; and when he looked up at Bucky after putting the tray down, his eyes were huge and very blue, completely earnest.Maybe it’s a joke, Bucky thought miserably. Maybe this is Nat’s idea of a joke. But of course it wasn’t;  there were the ropes, the mat. He was in the right place.“Okay,” Steve said, pulling a chair to sit on the other side of the coffee table. “Her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Rad BDSM Etiquette
Realistic Kink
Safe Sane and Consensual
tiny dom steve
Beefy Sub Bucky
Sex Work
not entirely accurate and mostly used as a plot device
Dungeons
Kink Negotiation
Humiliation kink
Manhandling
Hair-pulling
Cock Sleeves
Rope Bondage
Predicament Bondage
Caning
Crying
Cock & Ball Torture
Flogging
Aftercare
Cuddling & Snuggling
Discussions of abuse
Implied/Referenced Bloodplay
sexual fantasies
Accidental Outings
Sam's and Bucky's Permanent Cat Fight
Mutual Pining
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Idiots in Love
somehow they’re both totally great and awfully bad at communicating
sam is laughing all the way to the dungeon
natasha is just trying to get people off her couch
clint is just happy (and also kinda scared) to be here

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

