Work Text:
Steve thought Tony was beautiful like this. Laid out underneath him, hair surrounding him like a halo and big beautiful eyes turned towards him. The only thing that ruined this picture was how he was acting.Tony was crying."Steve....Steve, please stop this. Please, why are you doing this?"Steve sighs. He had thought Tony had recognized his feelings for the genius. Apparently, he had overestimated Tony."Shhhhhh, I got you."Steve rocks his hips against Tony's, trying to show how he felt toward the smaller man. Tony whimpers and starts to thrash."Stop it." Steve commands and holds Tony's wrists in a tighter grip. "I know you want this as much as I do, so...just let it happen."Another whimper. "Please Steve, I don't want this, please!"Steve rolls his eyes. Tony playing hard to get, as usual.Slowly, tentatively Steve leans down and kisses Tony. At first he tries to be gentle, he really does, but Tony is still not cooperating so Steve bits his lip. With a pained gasp Tony opens his mouth, Steve wastes no time and sticks his tongue in.Yes, this is good, Tony needs this. He remembers Tony calling himself a Playboy and he knows Tony hasn't been getting that much action since him and Pepper broke up. A Playboy needs sex and Tony is a Playboy so...Using only one hand to keep Tony's wrists pinned, he reaches towards the opening of Tony's pants. He takes the pants off (not completely, only to Tony's ankles).Look at that! Tony not wearing any underwear. Now he knows Tony wants this. Why else wouldn't he wear underwear.The kiss is still going on but Steve backs up for a second letting Tony take a breather. The kiss was so good, Tony's crying!Ha! How was that for technique!He lets his free hand curl around Tony's dick, limp but Steve can fix that. Of course, this is when Tony decides to thrash some more.Steve is getting real tired of this, so he growls and tightens his grip. But Tony doesn't listen to reason so he does the only thing he can think of and goes to unbuckle his pants and moves to shake them off.Tony's eyes widen and he starts shaking his head violently. "No, no, no, Please Steve. Don't do this!"Steve can't help it and rolls his eyes again. Letting go of Tony's wrist and instead buries his hands into his hair, leading Tony's face to his dick.Tony does nothing, only shaking his head and moaning no.Ok, well, Steve did hear Tony liked it rough.Steve shoves his cock into Tony's mouth and almost loses himself to the sensations. God, Tony's mouth is so warm and wet. Steve has to use both his hands to get a good grip on Tony's hair.Slowly Steve thrusts in and out of Tony's mouth. Tony being stubborn once more tries to slow down the process by pushing off of Steve's hips. It doesn't work because Steve is a supersoldier and Tony... Tony isn't.Steve knows he needs more than the slow pace he's going at, so he picks it up. Steve can't help but groan at watching his dick disappear in and out of Tony's mouth."Look at you," Steve coos. "finally found something to keep you quiet. Such a good slut swallowing my cock."Steve tilts his head back and moans. He's never actually tried dirty talk before but with Tony... With Tony he's discovering a whole new side to himself.Tony whimpers again and holy shit. The whimper sends vibration through his dick.
Steve can't take it anymore and he climaxes into Tony's mouth.Pulling out of Tony's mouth, he hears sobs.Finally looking at Tony he sees the state he's in. Eyes glazed with tears running down his face, some of Steve's cum coming out of his mouth and shaking every so slightly.And Steve can't help it, he gets hard again. He's beautiful.Looking at Tony, Steve feels so powerful. He managed to bring Tony Stark, one of the richest, most arrogant, most powerful man to his knees.God, he should have done this early.More whimpers and sobs spill from Tony's mouth."Shhh, It's gonna be alright, I promise."Pushing Tony onto the bed, he smiles. He's finally getting what he wanted for so long.Steve stops for a moment to admire his handy work. Tony's face is in facedown into the bed, his hips, shaking with anticipation, are in the air.Again, Steve can't help himself and finds himself smacking Tony's ass. Tony cry's out but it's muffled by the bed."Tony, where's the lube?"Tony responses with only whimpers. Steve finds himself getting angry."Tony tell me."Again Tony says nothing. Steve sighs, grabbing Tony by his hair he asks one more time"Tony tell me or else..."Tony's tear streaked face looks at him and the only thing he hears is "please."Oh, so this is what Tony wants. Smiling Steve takes three of his fingers and shoves into Tony's mouth. Leaning towards his ear he whispers one command. "Suck."Luckily for him Tony obeys. Finally getting somewhere with him.The warm, wet cavern of Tony's mouth feels just as amazing on his fingers as it did with his dick.He can't take it anymore and pulls his fingers from Tony's mouth.He promised himself he would take it slow but, fuck, Tony's making it so hard
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
this is a rape fic
Do not read if it will trigger you
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Rape
Dark Steve Rogers
Tony is raped
the porn is so bad it's good
ending leaves room for a sequel
but will you get one?
Steve has really good stamina
Which is really bad for Tony
i am so going to hell
But I regret nothing
DO NOT BE MISLED BY THE TITLE THIS IS A RAPE FIC
ok so maybe not dark DARK Steve but still the boy ain't in the right mind

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

