Chapter 1: Back Home
    




Chapter Text

one || back home
 The secret that nobody knew about was that Steve was in love with Bucky--always had been.  Even as a skinny shrimp that barely reached his best friend's chin, he had had weird tingly sensations whenever Bucky was around.  Seventy years later and packing a lot more muscle than before, those feelings had never gone away.  In fact, they had only grown stronger--in both Steve's heart and nether regions.  At first, because of Bucky's Winter Soldier programming, he hadn't dared to make a move--it wouldn't look good on his part, after all--but now that it had been two years and the other man had adjusted to modern life surprisingly fast, the blonde was ready to develop something further than friendship.  He just needed to make sure that the darker-haired supersoldier felt the same way.Although Steve had made sure to put on a wary expression when King T'Challa had told the fugitive Avengers they were being pardoned, inside he was secretly a little joyful.  He would forgive Tony--hopefully Iron Man had an eloquent apology prepared--and Bucky would realize how kind Steve was, to just let bygones be bygones like that.  Then he could start taking things further, as soon as he knew the former Winter Soldier was completely enraptured.Steve glanced around inside the quinjet where the rest of his team was currently situated, excluding Natasha--she somehow managed to come and go, but hadn't visited for a few months.  Most were looking at the floor, as if they weren't sure whether to be happy or angry.  The only one watching him was Bucky, who--despite Steve's cajoling--had decided to keep his silky dark hair at shoulder-length.The blonde offered his friend a small smile, which only grew wider when it was returned.   It'll be all right, Buck,  he said silently.    I won't let Stark touch you like that ever again.   After another hour, the quinjet touched down smoothly, and the ex-Avengers all shot up as if their seats had suddenly been covered in lava.  Steve stood hastily as well, his heart thumping in his chest like an urgent battle drum.  After two years hiding in Wakanda, he felt a little out of place back home--even if it  was  home.  And then, as he reached the ramp that led down to real ground, his stomach dropped.    Stark. The billionaire was standing there casually, sunglasses down and a look of indifferent boredom on his face.  The odd alien thing-- Vision--  hovered protectively at his side.  Steve had wanted to put the Civil War behind them ever since it had happened, but Tony never bothered to call.  It hurt Steve a little, it really did, but one thing he could never forgive the man for was blowing off Bucky's arm.  Tony  knew  it wasn't Bucky's fault that his parents were dead, he  knew, and yet he ruthlessly attacked anyway.  For that, Tony's apology had better be extravagant.The recently pardoned Avengers made their way down the ramp slowly, as if they couldn't believe what they were seeing.  Taking a fresh gulp of American air--the America  he, Captain America, had been named for--Steve finally allowed himself to relax and accept the fact that he was back.  God, how he had missed this.  He had even missed Tony, to an extent.  Before Ultron, he and Stark had even started to become friends.  Maybe their relationship could be repaired too, and then he could date Bucky freely without having to worry about murderous, petty billionaires."Hi Tony," the blonde supersoldier said, trying to keep the expectancy out of his voice.  For a man who was supposed to be falling all over himself in regret, Tony Stark did not look sorry at all."Rogers," the engineer said in a clipped, cool voice.  His expression didn't even waver, and Steve drew back a little in surprise.  Quickly recovering, he said, "It's--it's real swell to see you, Tony.  And...for what it's worth, I'm glad you've finally accepted where you went wrong.  Although it's been hard to just forgive and forget"--here he let out a little chuckle, to let everyone know he wasn't upset about past events anymore--"I'm grateful you pardoned us.  I hope this is a step towards mending the friendship we unfortunately damaged when you signed the Accords and went after Bucky."  There was a stony silence for a second, and then--"HAHAHAHAHA."  A loud snort followed the laughing."...Pardon?" Steve said, completely taken off guard.  Scanning the lot, he saw that his other teammates were just as bewildered as he was.  "Sorry, who was that?""Here," the voice said, sighing.Steve opened his mouth, closed it, opened it again.   "Vision?" he said dumbly. "No,  you absolute idiot, down  here,"  the voice said again, and Steve looked down doubtfully only to step back in shock.  There was a talking  raccoon.    A talking  raccoon.   At his feet.  Not to mention said raccoon was rolling its eyes, which shouldn't even be a thing??"I'm Rocket," the animal said cheerfully, as if neither Steve nor the rest of the ex-Avengers were st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Not Steve Friendly
Jealous Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Is Over It
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
i make steve so psychotic in this lol
to clarify: i don't hate steve for what he's done
a lot of people make mistakes
but i don't like how he gets off mostly scot free for everything he does
and how he's so rude to tony even though he doesn't like bullies
One-Sided Relationship
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

