Work Text:
James Rhodes had been a friend of Tony Stark since he was a 16 year old mess at MIT. Tony was great but also… a walking disaster, for the lack of a better word. James tried to look out for Tony as much as he could. But Tony was a danger magnet. He would always get himself into one or other mess, scandals were so common that he became immune to them in just three months. He had accepted this and would never say to Tones but that guy was just… ADORABLE when you looked past his masks. Sometimes he still managed to piss him so much that he wanted to rip the hair off. And today might be one of those days.
He was a bit skeptical when Cap asked to meet him saying “Tony is compromised” but this was Cap and in a way that is more than enough. What he found out almost made him want to abandon the worldly life and become a monk. They have mental peace and this is about damn time he has some peace and quiet. Someday he just might.
Anyways this was not how he expected the conversation would go. Knowing Tony, he should have known batter though.
~*~
“Wait, can you repeat that?” James’ voice was incredulous.
“Tony threw us out and Bruce collared Wanda.” Steve repeated. Natasha grimaced internally. This was not how the conversation was supposed to go. Steve was supposed to start with Batman. This was James Rhodes, Tony’ best friend. There is no way he would take their side in this. By starting with Batman they would have been able to play his anger in their favor. 
She had volunteered to do the talking but she was outvoted by everyone. This is turning out to be a much bigger of a mess than she expected. Maybe she should go back to Tony… Or maybe not since that Bat would never let that happen. She has lost the control of the situation and now she is stuck with this lot which is a lot dumber than she anticipated.
“To be frank Captain I don’t see anything wrong with that. Compound is Tony’ and he can do whatever he wants. You have lived in your own places before and I am sure you will manage just fine. Tones doesn’t owe you shit. I’d rather you do not act like you are entitled to that. This makes you sound conceited and freeloaders. And Bruce did nothing wrong when he collared Wanda. Though I’d really like to know how he managed to do that.” Wanda gave an enraged snarl at that but was ignored. 
“This witch is HYDRA and had teamed up with Ultron. I’m surprised it has taken this long for someone to act. She is volatile, reckless, misguided, hateful, vengeful, out of control and fucking HYDRA. Not to forget she has messed with minds of almost all of you. I thought you’d hate her with what happened with your friend Barnes but I guess I was wrong. She unleashed Hulk. She is a killer. She should be put behind bars. She is a terrorist. She is what I fight and if I was given a chance I would put a fucking bullet in her fucking skull, not sure if that would work considering she seems to have one damn thick skull. But hey, a guy can try” James was angry. 
He had not liked Wanda since the beginning. He was a soldier and a terrorist was sitting before him and he could not do anything. She roamed free and every single second he wished that he could end her. He had dedicated his very life to fight the likes of her. Tony was kidnapped by terrorists. And here she is. Another one of them. He had really thought that she would face the consequences for her actions but no! She has Captain Fucking America defending her. 
Steve is one stupid, stupid, stupid person. He is so pigheaded and doesn’t even want to be introduced to the wonderful word that is pragmatism. Why did he have to go and bash Rhodes’ best friend? Natasha doesn’t want to accept it but she chose the wrong side. Now all she could do is to adapt.
“Bruce Wayne is Batman.” With that said she stood up and gestured to the others to do the same. They understood (thank god) and left. She might have signed the NDA but she knew nobody would come after her for telling Rhodes because any legal action would be like pulling out nuke for a mere bug. She knows what she can get away with. This revelation might not have had any effect on Fury (that guy would not let it show either) but Rhodes will definitely be affected. This will work in their favor. It’s all they needed to do.
James had become immune to almost everything that Tony sprang at him but this? Fucking Batman? He doesn’t think he will get over this. They need to have a talk.
~*~
“Tony have you lost your mind?” Tony was startled when suddenly Rhodey barged in, shouting with his you-have-disappointed-me-also-I-am-angry-as-hell voice. What did he do now? Wait! It might be about him kicking out Spangles and his merry band of idiots. He was not completely wrong or maybe, he was. 
“What did I do? As far as I can remember I’ve been a good boy. Ask Bruce.” He decided to go for his usual nonchalance+sarcasm. Rhodey’s glare intensified. What the heck did Cap say?
“You married Batman! Fucking Batman. Have you lost your mind? Is he threateni
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Bruce Wayne is Batman
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Protective Tony Stark
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
rhodey is not a good bro
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Angst
A little bit of angst
bruce wayne is great
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
FRIDAY is Good Bro

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

