Work Text:
Some people, Clint thinks, are just fucking lucky.  Naturally, he is not one of those people.  He runs a finger idly over the blurry mark low on his hipbone and wonders if it'll ever resolve into a name, and more importantly, if he'll ever stop being bothered that he's thirty-eight fucking years old and he still has a blur.Because okay, yes, it's not a record or anything; there was a guy in Myanmar in 1994 whose mark resolved at age forty-nine, because only just then was his perfect match also ready to love him.  Although, as she was seventeen at the time, Clint really hopes his case isn't similar to that in any way but age, because what the fuck, maybe if they were seventy and forty or something, but seventeen?  He remembers himself at seventeen and knows how profoundly unsuitable a life-mate he'd have been for anyone, then, and finds it hard to believe anyone is actually prepared for a forever sort of relationship at that point.And yeah, the theory about the timing of resolution is that it only happens when both people--occasionally more than two, but that's rare and complicated by more than just legal concerns--are actually perfectly matched and ready to commit.  But it's theory, because how the shit does anyone prove something like that?  It's true that the divorce and abuse rates for mark-matches are low, way lower than statistics would suggest compared to the general population, but still.  Maybe that's social pressure.  Maybe there's a mutant whose entire power is finding people who should be paired up and making their marks tidily match up--you know, the Yenta Mutation, just like telekinesis or super-healing, although he thinks if it were him he would seriously hope the whole thing happened subconsciously in his sleep because who wants that kind of responsibility for steering other people's lives?  Or maybe it's some weird fucking environmental toxin that brings out the letters in the names and also fucks with whatever hormones cause people to bond with each other.  Like, say, exposure to lead paint or aspartame.Fine, actually, that last one isn't it; there have been studies and the stats are no different, both in terms of population percentage that actually have a mark, and the distribution of when they change, among people who drink water, regular soda, or diet soda.  He read the study, and it's not why anything happens.   Plus, given his seriously irregular diet as a kid, if it were anything ingested, well.  He's probably had a period in his life where any given element was either over- or underrepresented, and still, his mark just looks like a hickey, blue-gray and mottled--in fact, although it's kind of dishonest, Clint sometimes lets guys who maybe are interesting enough for a third date think it is a bruise so they won't know he knows for sure they're not Mr. Right, because in the context of an actual sorta-relationship, who doesn't like to keep alive the illusion he could be?  Mostly, what all this means is that Clint wishes he'd just been born unmarked in the first place.  Predestination gives him the willies in a best-case scenario, and the more he looks around at the world, at his own choices in it, the more he has to wonder, is it that the universe is telling him he's never going to be a real adult?  That he fucked up somewhere at age nine or something (no something about it; nine is when the circus happened) and he's just going to have a blur forever?  He's just going to wait forever for that perfect someone and he's never going to have a real relationship because obviously anyone he's with isn't right and he has to wait for the one that is.  Which, that's fucked up, is what that is. Or,  what if--and this is highly likely, more now than ever--he gets himself killed jumping off an exploding building, chopper, or vehicle before it's The Right Time, and so he never would have had the right person anyway so he might as well have built a life with someone?  What if his perfect someone, who almost certainly is also in a high-risk job because Clint's never actually had repeatedly-satisfactory sex with anyone that wasn't, like, a firefighter or internationally-competitive snowboarder or something and obviously it would be just cruel if the perfect match thing was with someone you didn't want to fuck, what if that person clocked out early, and so again, he's ditching chances at imperfect but long-term relationships?  Or that person didn't clock out, but settled for someone else and so now Clint would just be the home wrecker or whatever.  Or...the possibilities are endless and this whole game is impossible and it would be so much better if no one had ever worked out how the marks worked, except for how that's kind of impossible what with how it's pretty obvious if you wake up one day with someone's name tattooed on your body and you never went to a tattoo parlor.Ugh, he really needs some coffee (a lot of coffee, with dessert and someone to talk him down), or an assignment of some kind
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
brief and limited Clint Barton/OMC

freeform: 
#coulsonlives
but Clint doesn't know it
Jarvis is a big help
shut up I like sap
destined relationship
Clint swears like it's going out of style
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Pining like a champ

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
brief and limited Clint Barton/OMC

