Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It was Peter who uploaded the videos on YouTube. He’d hacked into the airport’s security and took the grainy, sometimes-unfocused video and cleaned it up a bit. When the sound got fuzzy Peter attempted to make it sound clearer, when the camera unfocused, Peter tried to zoom and enhance it to help everyone see who 

really 

struck first. His YouTube name, 

Quality

, exploded as more and more people watched the video. And no one knew it was tiny Peter Parker who’d done it. Peter was okay with that.



WestSideStory34: Wait, what? I thought they’d resolved this before? Like, the reason Captain America left was because of the Accords, right? Because he didn’t like it. And then he tried to take his friend again????? And Iron Man was trying to help????? But Cap????? Said no???????? and attacked him?????????? 


    



63 Replies



Twerp: Pretty much



KeepHerRunning: Sad day when superheroes turn on each other.

 

One@ndonly: How do we know ur not lying? U could have altered this crap. 



234 Replies



DontTellMe: R u dumb?



Wurrble: It’s a valid question, but I’m pretty sure Quality is correct. They’ve never lied to us before.

 

R@andom: Wait, wait, wait! Did he… did falcon just swerve to move out of Vision’s hit and let it hit war machine instead?! 


And he let him fall?!



27 Replies



#TeamIronMan: I mean, he did look back but still. They fought together and Falcon just went onto Captain America’s team without a second thought.



WestPhilidaplia: did you guys see how tony dove after him?? and tony’s cry for him??? that was sad.

 

$Bucks$: i thought captain america was for us??? but he just… he just left his teammates there??? espeically iron man and war machine.



89 Replies



*Force*: they ain’t teammates anymore



&And&: i hope war machine makes a good recovery!




    

Sixteen days passed before Peter relogged on his YouTube account with good news. He plastered it on the Comments section: 
 

Quality: War machine = stable. The doctors say he’s going to make a speedy recovery. Thanks, everyone, for the support and stuff

 
And Peter logged off before anyone could reply to his comment. 


It took the media three of those sixteen days to get Peter’s video on their talk. They showed it and spoke about “some brave person, wanting to set the record straight and help us understand what 

really 

went down at the airport.” Aunt May sat and watched the whole thing; and Peter saw tears as leaked down her face as War Machine fell; and Tony zipped after him.
 
    
He watched her suddenly rage in silence, because 

goddammit, they just wanted them to be accountable! 

He watched Tony Stark’s dementor change as Peter realized that without the Avengers Tony was free. He didn’t have to act a certain way - not around Peter, Pepper, Bruce (who’d come as soon as he’d heard about what happened), and Rhodey. 
 
    
Peter made a trend on Twitter. (As Peter Parker, of course)



SpideySpell @tonystark: tomorrow, everyone draw circles on your palms. As a tribute to Tony Stark that we 

 

SpideySpell @tonystark: believe in him 



   



Peter even cut two circles into his costume’s palms (he’d regret it later). Tony called him a few hours later. “Peter,” he said quietly, warningly. Peter pretended ot be innocent. “What?” He asked before shrugging. “It’s okay, Mr Stark - Tony. We believe in you.” Tony sighed. “I know, kid. But take it off.”
 
    
So Peter did.

  


  
It didn’t stop people from doing it. Peter himself walked out of the house, two large circles drawn in bolt on his palms. Before he left the house, he saw Aunt May’s palms when she handed him his lunchbag. A circle.
 
    
He walked out of his home and practically 

everyone 

had drawn circles and some even took it to the next level and made phone cases. (#IronMan was the logo; there was also a 

We Believe in Iron Man

; Peter bought it.) 

    
Walking to school, Peter felt like this would help a lot of things. People were helping others. They understood the truth. And Tony Stark was okay. And Peter loved it.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & New York
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner

freeform: 
New York protects it's own
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Kinda father/son relationship
not really - Freeform
Does scolding really count?
Not Steve Friendly
He's not really mentioned
But he's still like
there
i don't know how to tag
Help
Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It

fandom: 
Tony Stark & New York
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner

