Work Text:
He first notices the gauntness when Tony stretches, splaying shadows in ridges that Steve can’t remember seeing. He traces over them, wondering, but then Tony opens his eyes, and that’s that. Forgotten.Their day begins.**Tony doesn’t eat much in any one sitting. That’s par for the course. He’s always snacking: a bag of chips at hand as he plies through the guts of a car engine, half an apple turning brown-edged while he reorganizes blue shapes in midair. Milk and orange juice and, good god, does the man love his blueberries. Steve likes to lick the juice from his lips, a sweet glaze over any kiss. Tony is active enough to burn off all of the extras, until there’s not an ounce of fat on him. Tony moves constantly.He’s a flashfire during sex, locked around Steve’s knot and pushing down into his lap, hauling Steve closer with clutching hands, working him loose and shattered and unable to pin the moment he starts coming against the moment he finishes. Tony’s sweat runs free down Steve’s arms and chest, drips against his lips mid-kiss, dampens his hair as they arch and curl together.God, but Steve loves this man. He’s given up trying to put it into words. It hurts worse every time, and fills in all the holes that have gaped for so long, and burns him and soothes him in the same instant.Tony’s exhaustion is all noise, his breathy huffs, the shuffle of weary limbs against the sheets, the moans as he releases muscle held too tight. But his smile is always, always wide and careless, glad of it. Glad of Steve, above all.Tonight, Steve traces his fingers down the hollows at Tony’s hips, the concavity of his belly. “You feeling alright?”“No,” Tony groans, long and drawn out, from under his arm where it’s thrown across his eyes. “I didn’t just come three times in a row and break my brain. I absolutely suck right now, I can’t think of a time I’ve felt worse.”Steve bites just under the curve of his jaw and Tony squirms, shoving at his shoulder until they’re kissing again, deep and messy. Steve could easily harden again, inside Tony like this, tangled around him.But.“Look thinner.” He noses Tony’s mouth. Tony shivers as Steve’s knot shifts inside him, his body curling almost impossibly to accommodate the movement.“Running me ragged,” is Tony’s answer, just as breathless. He steals Steve’s focus away from him most nights anyway, but in heat like this, it’s Tony who runs Steve into the ground, who can finally push him right to his superhuman limits, who is the first to climb atop him and the last to pull away.“Want a blood test,” Steve manages, because on the third night of their Week, he can think more clearly than he’s been able to for days. Tony’s scent is strong in his nostrils, cloying in a strange, sleek way he yearns after like a tune he nearly recognizes. “If you’re getting sick—”“God.” Tony shifts bodily up into him, clenching around him, biting his lip as Steve’s knot hardens one more time. “Yes, Mom.”Steve shuts him up before that gets going.**He gets his test, but the heat hormones are messy and everywhere, muddling up Tony’s bloodstream with euphoria-inducing highs. For the next two days, he doesn’t even attempt to drag himself from Tony’s side. It’s not sex, not anymore, but the smell of Tony’s skin is the same, the lick of his sweat over Steve’s lips and the way their bodies mold together. Sometimes it’s perfect just to slide inside him and hold there, the entire night spent connected and motionless. Steve’s veins thrum, delicious and tranquil, and most of all, sated.On the fifth day, the test comes back clean, and Steve relaxes.**On the sixth day, Tony faints dead away in the middle of a repulsor upgrade, sending blue fire shearing across the walls of his locked lab, and Dummy. The robot is just a little singed—not the first time it's happened—but Steve has never been able to punch through the glass walls until the moment Tony falls. And then he’s inside, racing across the room with shards embedded in his knuckles. “JARVIS!” He skids to Tony’s side and turns his head gently, looking for swelling, careful of his neck. Tony groans, turning toward him as if following a scent, and the next second, Steve’s lover is in his lap, mouth and nose pressed just under his arm like he’s trying to absorb himself right into Steve. Breathing him in in long rasps.“Emergency has been dispatched from the ground floor,” JARVIS reports, but Tony’s eyes flicker open, a bright sheen across them that Steve has seen before: right as Tony’s body opens to let him in, to accommodate the knot at its fullest, the shift of that perfect instant when all is possible.“Worse this time,” Tony mumbles. Slurs, like he used to when he drank. Nowadays Steve is able to smell that kind of thing on him, and Tony hasn’t touched alcohol in ages.“Headaches?” The last time, they’d fought Doom just after their Week. With electricity flying about and robots ramming into everything in sight, headaches were hardly unexpected.Tony nods. Squinches his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Hurt Tony
Protective Steve
Mpreg
Established Relationship
Illnesses
Bonding
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

