Chapter 1: Harry/Fleur - Beach Love
    




Chapter Text
Life was good for Harry Potter.  No more Dark Lord to contend with, just relaxation.  His first few months after the defeat of Voldemort had been difficult to say the least.  Harry had spent most of his time in Grimmauld Place, remembering those he lost as well dealing with his own personal issues.  The war had hurt him, in more ways than one.  It took time to move past that.
Eventually he returned to the public eye.  What a day that was.  He apparated into Diagon alley and was immediately swarmed by the public.  Fans and reporters alike all clambered over him.  With a flick of his wand, Harry had apparated away from the scene.  He needed to leave the country.
He wasn’t quite sure where he should go, so he went to the Weasley family for advice.  As it turned out, Fleur Delacour was there as well.  She had been collecting her things from the Weasley home that day.  Harry had been surprised to hear that she and Bill had parted ways, they had always seemed so good together.  Harry told her his plans to leave the country for a while and she invited him to come with her to France.  He could stay with her until he decided what he wanted to do.
France was an amazing experience.  Fleur had bought a large house for herself in the magical part of Nice.  The house was built right on the coast and it came with a sizable amount of land.  A large private beach surrounded the home, magic kept everyone away.  It was relaxing.  
Harry felt himself growing closer to Fleur over time, and soon he decided to forget his idea of looking for somewhere else to go.  He loved all of the mundane things he did with Fleur.  They explored Nice together, both the magical and muggle parts of it.  They went grocery shopping together each week, cooked together most nights without the aid of Fleur’s House-Elf Gippy.  He loved living there and Fleur seemed to enjoy his company as well.
After a time, Harry knew that he loved Fleur.  He confessed his feelings one night over dinner and he was ecstatic to hear that she felt the same.  They started dating but their relationship quickly evolved beyond that.  Nearly two years later and they were still living happily together in their large beach house.  They had friends and family visit regularly but this week was all for themselves.
Harry looked up from his book.  He was seated comfortably in a white lounger in the sand of the private beach in his swim trunks. He had been reading peacefully for a while but a sound had caught his attention.  Fleur had yelped loudly and was swimming over to him.  Harry put down his book and walked over to the shoreline to meet her.  Nearing the shoreline, Fleur let her feet touch the water and she slowly began to walk towards him.  She was a beautiful sight.  Her nude body was slowly revealed to Harry as she inched ever closer to him.
Fleur was absolutely gorgeous.  She had a nice pair of firm breasts, just bigger than a handful, which didn’t sag a bit.  Her taunt stomach and lithe form made her incredibly graceful and attractive.  Fleur had a very feminine figure.  In reality she was very strong, much more so than she looked, but her Veela blood masked much of this on her body.  She looked very fit but without a strong presence of muscle.
Harry’s eyes rested on her breasts until her legs came out from the water.  Immediately Harry pulled out his wand from his wrist holster, Fleur’s leg was bleeding.  “It’s nothing,” Fleur said with her musical voice, “just a quick fix and I’ll be fine.”
Even a small cut on her made Harry worried.  He had seen much during the war, death, destruction, and the severe injuries that came along with it.  It annoyed him to no end that he overreacted whenever Fleur got even a small cut but he couldn’t help it.  He cared about her deeply and didn’t want to ever see her hurt.  With a quick wave of his wand, Harry fixed up her leg.  It looked good as new.
“My hero.” Fleur smiled at Harry.  As Harry stood back up, Fleur wrapped her arms around his and kissed him deeply, pressing her nude body against him.  She pulled back with a grin.  “It seems like someone needs a bit of a reward,” Fleur said, rubbing Harry’s crotch.
Quickly, his penis engorged in his shorts.  Fleur pressed herself against him again, rubbing his penis in her hand.  “Take off you shorts, Harry,” she whispered with hot breath into his ear.
Not needing to be told twice, Harry removed his shorts.  His penis was hard for her.  It was decently sized, a little longer than average, and thick enough to give Fleur all the pleasure she needed.  Fleur dropped to her knees in the sand and she kissed the tip of his penis.  Harry shivered in anticipation.
Without pause, Fleur took Harry into her mouth, sucking gently on the tip of his penis.  Harry moaned audibly at the pleasure which elicited a stifled giggle from Fleur.  
Fleur wrapped one of her hands around Harry’s penis and began stroking it as she bobbed her head back and forth o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Fleur Delacour/Harry Potter
Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Daphne Greengrass
Tracey Davis/Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Tracey Davis/Ginny Weasley/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Harry Potter/Terry Boot
Tracey Davis/Ginny Weasley/Harry Potter/Terry Boot
Astoria Greengrass/Draco Malfoy
Hannah Abbott/Harry Potter
Neville Longbottom/Ginny Weasley
Pansy Parkinson/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Luna Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter/Lily Luna Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter/Ginny Weasley

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Porn with Feelings
One Shot
One Shot Collection
Explicit Sexual Content
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Partners
Multiple Pairings
Multiple Sex Positions
Sex
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Vaginal Sex
Simultaneous Orgasm
Threesome - F/F/M
Partner Swapping
Foursome - F/F/M/M
Threesome - F/M/M
Double Penetration
Dom/sub
Anal Sex
Desert Island
Stranded
Beach Sex
Hogwarts Prefects' Bathroom
Clone Sex
Incest
Pool Sex
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Hogwarts Hospital Wing
Hospital Sex
Library Sex

fandom: 
Fleur Delacour/Harry Potter
Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Daphne Greengrass
Tracey Davis/Daphne Greengrass/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Tracey Davis/Ginny Weasley/Harry Potter
Tracey Davis/Harry Potter/Terry Boot
Tracey Davis/Ginny Weasley/Harry Potter/Terry Boot
Astoria Greengrass/Draco Malfoy
Hannah Abbott/Harry Potter
Neville Longbottom/Ginny Weasley
Pansy Parkinson/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Luna Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter/Lily Luna Potter
Harry Potter/Lily Evans Potter/Ginny Weasley

