Work Text:
Tony slammed the hammer down harder than necessary. It wasn't that he wasn't glad Bucky was back, it was just...he wasn't glad Bucky was back. And it bothered him that he was bothered by Bucky. The man he was in love with, the man he had been with for a year, had his best friend returned to him and all Tony could think about was himself.How jealous he was of the way Steve looked at Bucky.The hammer banged.How much he coveted the time Steve now spent with Bucky.The metal reverberated. How worried he was Steve was going to pass him over.The hammer fell from his hand.Tony braced himself against the workbench and tried to work his thoughts out. Bucky had only been back for a month and Tony was already losing it. Steve had never said anything about wanting to be with Bucky back in the forties, but the way he looked at him made Tony wonder if he wanted to now. Steve said he loved Tony, said it every day, and Tony knew he wasn't one to lie, so why couldn't he stop worrying?It had been nerve racking when he'd first realized he wanted Steve and it had taken him six months to work up the courage to ask him out. Steve was, incredible. He was a good person, genuine, caring, no vices, and Tony was a fucking mess. He'd stopped drinking when he and Steve had gotten together and he went to meetings when Pepper told him to, but it didn't feel like enough. He didn't feel like enough.After Bucky had returned Steve and Tony spent less time alone together. When they planned to see a movie, Steve invited Bucky along. When they went out grocery shopping, Steve invited Bucky along. Tony hated it. He wanted to do those things with Steve alone. Why did he have to invite Bucky? Couldn't they do things together while Tony was working in the lab? Tony had started spending more time working in there to give Steve more time with Bucky. His hope was that if Steve had enough one on one time with his friend, he would stop inviting him along to Tony's one on one time with Steve. No such luck. And last week, Steve had canceled plans with Tony to go do something with Bucky; something he wouldn't tell Tony about. All his answers had been cagey and evasive. Which wasn't worrisome at all, no siree. Tony had definitely not spent the entire night tossing and turning, worrying about it. Before that, Tony had just been upset about his private time with his boyfriend getting cut short. After that, he had been worried about it getting cut altogether.Fuck it. He wasn't getting any work done here, might as well go up and see if he could find Steve. When they were together it was like nothing was wrong and Tony forgot all the things he was worried about, but apart, all the fear flooded back into his head. And right now those fears were starting to overwhelm him.He went upstairs and found Steve in the kitchen."Hey there," Steve said as he took Tony in his arms and kissed him hello. Yeah, that was what Tony had been looking for. This was definitely better than destroying his tools and sanity in the lab."Hello yourself," Tony replied when they finally came up for air."I was thinking that we could go out today, have a picnic in the park," Steve still had his arms wrapped around Tony."What time?" Tony asked, excited that Steve had made no mention of Bucky coming along. Picnics in the park had always seemed like something only other people did, not him, but Steve loved that stuff so Tony went along with it. And Tony actually liked being seen out with Steve though he would never admit it. It made him feel better having other people see that someone as good as Steve would deign to be with him. He had issues, but he also had Steve, so it was alright."You go shower and get dressed and I'll meet you back here in half an hour," Steve told him."Sounds good to me."Tony kissed Steve again, reluctant to let go."Meet back here in half an hour," Tony recited when he finally went to go shower. He left and Steve set out making sandwiches for their picnic."Jarvis, where is the mayonnaise?" Steve said as he moved around the contents of the fridge."We ran out," Bucky answered instead. "I finished the last of it this morning. But I did put it on the shopping list."Steve took his head out of the fridge, "Good job, we'll get you house trained after all.""Hey, I resent that. I'm perfectly domestic.""Is that why you're eating sugar with a spoon?""Yes. I could be eating it with my finger but I'm using a spoon. Like a grown up.""Something no one would ever mistake you for."Bucky stuck his tongue out at Steve; who just raised an eyebrow as Bucky proved him right."So are you ready to go?" Bucky asked, putting the sugar away."Yep, Tony's in the shower. Once he's done we're headed out.""Um Steve, you and I are supposed to go out now. Remember?""We are? We are," Steve slapped his forehead. "Damn, I forgot and made plans with Tony.""Just tell him you already have plans with me and you can take him out for dinner later.""I hate canceling on him. I know he doesn't like it.""No one l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Insecure Tony
Angst
Established Relationship
Bucky Barnes Returns
Marriage Proposal
Jealous Tony
Tony Feels
Bucky is the voice of reason

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

