Work Text:

One.
The Dora Milaje met Tony Stark multiple times as they accompanied King T'Chaka to the Accords drafting negotiations. He left quite a first impression, trailing behind a stern-looking Pepper Potts and carrying her briefcase. It was rare to see a woman in power and rarer to see a man happily following her lead.They paid attention to him since, not only for their king's security but their own curiosity, then later, to correct their bias against the man and form their own opinions.During private meetings with King T'Chaka, Tony accepted their presence in the room without complaint. Never perceiving their company as a slight against his own security measures or a challenge to his trustworthiness. Unlike other entitled politicians, he did not order them about as though they were servants. The Dora Milaje were a group of elite bodyguards, not maids. For a man known by the size of his ego, he was surprisingly and genuinely respectful of the Dora Milaje.Okoye took a liking to him when, at one of the meetings, Tony got up and poured himself a glass of water then tilted his head and asked if he could get them anything. This was not a man of entitlement.Despite their fearsome reputation, there were still those foolish enough to dare attack their king. These incidences were handled promptly and ruthlessly, those who witnessed it and lived to tell the tale tremored at the Dora Milaje's deadly efficiency. Naturally, other leaders and diplomats had their own security team and a certain level of competition always arose during battle. Who could incapacitate the intruders first or who had the most number of captures. Tony, as Iron Man, was in charge of his own protection. He demonstrated his battle prowess when a group of assassins interrupted King T'Chaka and his meeting.The repulsor gauntlet was impressive but Ayo found his willing readiness to serve as back-up even more so. He was a team player, who also applauded enthusiastically when she landed a stunning back kick in a midair twist.The Dora Milaje knew the challenges ahead when they left Wakanda and joined the rest of the world, not only the physical ones but the societal ones. Conventional gender roles still bound women across the globe, and they found themselves irritated and confused by these bizarre double-standards. Men either flirted with them outrageously or shunned them coldly, both acts likely associated with their threatened masculinity. Tony did neither, always greeting them kindly and offering compliments ranging from their looks to their abilities.Nakia was particularly pleased when Tony noticed the subtle change in her hair as well as the half-inch adjustment to her battle stance. She wondered how anyone could see him as a playboy who had no respect for women.Tony treated the Dora Milaje as any Wakandans would, and in return, they treated him as they would any Wakandan.  Two. Isolating itself from the rest of the world did not necessarily mean Wakanda was ignorant of the world, it simply wouldn't be prudent if they didn't at least keep up with technological advancements to better protect themselves from cyber-attacks and surveillance attempts.The Information Technology department acquired all the latest electronic devices on launch day, disassembling the hardware and analyzing the software. They had a love-hate relationship with StarkPhones and StarkPads, the lines of codes were both works of art to be admired and obnoxious challenges to lose days, sometimes weeks, of sleep over. It was a strictly hate-hate relationship with HammeTech.The latest StarkPhone came with a holographic feature that had the technicians and engineers salivating for months after the announcement. It was rumored that Tony Stark designed his work using the same holographic technology and his workshop resembled a small galaxy. They had seen footage of the man behind such ingenuity, grinning like a delighted child during the launch day press conference. So they recognized him immediately when they broke through the last firewall to bypass the digital rights management inherent to any devices and a three-dimensional image of Tony Stark popped up out of the screen."Hello there!" The miniature version of the genius filled the room with his charisma and presence like his normal size self. "Congratulations on jailbreaking my awesome tech, you heathen. My codes are beautiful and I hope you at least took her out to dinner before you ravaged her!" The Tony hologram gasped mockingly and clutched at invisible pearls at his neck. "But seriously, nice work and if you're in the market for a job, come find me. Bye bye, butterfly!" He blew a string of kisses and batted his eyelashes flirtatiously.  "Um." The engineer could only stare.It should have been the end of that except the other team working on hacking StarkPhone succeeded as well. They, too, were greeted with a Tony hologram."Why? Why would you go breaking my heart?" Tony bemoaned, placing the back of his hand on his forehead
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Pro-Accords
Wakanda
Happy!Tony
Fluff
5+1
Translation Available

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

