Chapter 1: Realization
    




Chapter Text
Tony watches on screen and Steve walked around the living room, Bucky on his hip. The Little had just woken from a nap and was little more than a snugly octopus. It brought a small smiled to Tony's face as he thought about the two of them. Steve was a loyal Caretaker, sure to give Bucky everything he needed and attentive beyond what Tony believed possible. The man could basically read minds. It kind of blew Tony away.Bucky, however, was a rambunctious little thing. He'd be all over the place, constantly running to and fro without a care in the world. He was always getting told to pick up his toys and not leave them all over the place. But it was always with a kind smile and never a command, Steve's tone getting him to do what was asked without being threatened with punishment.Tony envied them. But he knew better than to think he deserved something like that.He scowled at himself, dragging the screens to the side to close them. He shouldn't be looking at that. It was stupid and he had work to do. Stane was expecting an update to his new tech by morning. And Tony didn't want to think about what would happen if he was late. Even Iron Man was no match for that guy when he was mad.Tony set into his work, letting the numbers and blue prints surround him and almost form a shield to the world. It was so easy to do now, let everything else matter more and shove that part of himself to the side. Because if he thought about that side for too long, the one that wanted someone to look at him the way Steve looked at Bucky, it would become too much. So he pushed it down, just like always. Just like he'd been trained. Breath in, breath out, center your body, and think about something else. Even biology was no match for Howard Stark, who wanted to hide a broken son.It wasn't until the small hours of the morning that Tony came up for air. The project having been finished, there was really no reason for him to stay in the workshop. So he dragged himself to the elevator, hitting the button for the communal floor. He had his own floor, sure. But that didn't mean his kitchen had food or anything other than coffee.The cab beeped and the doors opened, showing the team huddled in on the couch watching a movie. Or more, sleeping as the movie played on. Tony stepped out of the cab with a small smile on his face, then walked over to the fridge and yanked it open. A sticky note hung on the side of a tubawear container, claiming the food as Tony's. It was Steve's perfect cursive that put a painful smile on Tony's face. Steve had known Tony would come here looking for food, and had made sure to save him some of dinner so he wouldn't just grab a granola bar after deciding it was too late to cook as he normally did. The team didn't see him much outside of battles and the highly-mandatory meetings Tony would often ignore. He was always in his lab at the tower, and avoided interaction with the group whenever possible. Agent Coulson was always mad at Tony for missing the bonding exercises, but there wasn't much he could do about it. Tony was co-CEO of Stark Industries, and, therefore, often busy with many other things. Or, so the world thought.Although Tony did own 51-percent of the company, and it was his name across the building, Tony didn't really have much control at all. Obi had said it was because of his age, at first. He'd claimed that Tony was just too young at seventeen to take the company. Even when he'd turned eighteen, Obi claimed he'd have to wait until he was twenty-one. After the day of his birthday had passed, Obi claimed that a Little could never own a company as large and influential as Stark Industries. At first, Tony didn't believe him. Howard had claimed him as the owner of SI even with the knowledge of his Classification. But Obi said that it just wasn't possible. It was better for Tony to stay focused on Research and Development and just "play the part" of CEO while Obi took care of the rest. "It's just not fit for a Little to run this. You know the studies, they are constantly telling us what is and isn't healthy. This would put too much undue stress on you, my boy." Obi said, squeezing Tony's shoulder painfully. "It'll still be your name, but I will do all the busy stuff. You just keep that smart head of yours were it belongs."Tony didn't have much room to argue, so he didn't even bother. He was a Little, and if that fact came out, he didn't even want to think of the repercussions. Instead, he would let the world think he was Neutral as they had his whole life. Tony sat down at the table, putting out his phone to read the news as he ate. Dinner had been meatloaf and potatoes, and Steve had left him plenty. Tony had been so zoned out with reading that he didn't notice when Steve took a seat at the table, waiting on the brunet to notice his presence before he spoke. It took several minutes, but eventually, Tony did look up, nearly scared to death as he saw the figure at the ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Avengers Team & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Phil Colson/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark & Bucky Barnes

freeform: 
Littles Are Known
Bruce Is a Good Bro
but also kind of a dick
but for a good reason
mentions of child abuse
hidden Classification
caregiver/little relationship
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
Little!Tony
Little!Bucky - Freeform
little!Clint
caregiver!Steve
Caregiver!Phil
Neutral!Natasha
Neutral!Bruce
Alpha!Pepper
I suck at naming stuff
AU - Littles are known
AU - Stane was never caught
Panic Attacks
Tony Needs a Hug
people need to f-ing talk to each other
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Flashbacks
Tony Stark has PTSD
Complete
Fluff
Angst and Fluff
Family of Choice
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Avengers Team & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Phil Colson/Clint Barton
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark & Bucky Barnes

