Work Text:
Maria looked at the furniture catalogue on the tablet Tony had given her. Friday had helpfully highlighted a few items she might like based on the discussions they’d had. She had gotten used to talking to Friday as if the AI was a real person – it was a little weird because Friday wasn’t physically there, so Maria never quite knew where to look, but if not for that Maria would never have guessed she was a computer program. It really was amazing the things Tony had done. Friday’s suggestions seemed very nice, and Maria spent several minutes making plans. The apartment was quite nice as it was, of course, but if she was going to live here permanently, she wanted to give it her personal touch, and neither Howard nor Tony had had any objection to that. On the contrary, they’d encouraged her, probably thinking she’d like something to occupy her mind with.In truth, she was grateful for that. It was still hard to wrap her head around the thought that she’d died and come back to life 30 years in the future. She tried very hard not to think of her death, or of the man who had killed them – a man who had been a friend of Howard’s, dear lord – though it didn’t always work. During the day there was usually something to do, someone to talk to – Howard, Tony, Friday, Tony’s friends – so it was easy to keep focused, but at night it was a different story. She’d asked Dr Banner (Bruce, as he asked to be called) for sleeping pills yesterday, sick of not being able to sleep for the nightmares. Hopefully they would help and she would stop feeling so tired all the time.“How long do you think it will it take to deliver the new furniture, Friday?”“Depends on what you order, Mrs Stark, but it shouldn’t be more than a few days. A week at the most, probably. Unless it needs to be made. That might delay it, but we can rush it.”Maria thought about it, and decided there was no real hurry. She told Friday her choices and left the AI to make the necessary arrangements. Friday had assured her that it was no problem, that it was part of her job to oversee all matters within the Tower and take care of its inhabitants’ needs – she had access to Tony’s accounts to pay for things and organize whatever was necessary.With that done, Maria went to the kitchen to get dinner started. While ordering food was practical and easy, sometimes she wanted to actually cook – it was something familiar, after all, and it wasn’t like she had much else to do anyway. She’d loved her job at the Foundation, but that was gone now, obviously. She’d have to find a hobby or something to occupy herself more permanently once the redecorations were done.Tony was in meetings all day today, dealing with “Accords stuff”, as he’d put it. It made her glow with pride to see how well he had done for himself and how seriously he took his responsibilities. Howard was in the lab, exploring and tinkering with things (and Friday had promised she was keeping an eye on him so he wouldn’t get hurt – Maria knew what her husband was like with new toys to play with, and safety wasn’t always a concern). She was rather proud of him too, for working things out with Tony. And it was good to see him doing something for fun; it had been too long since he’d been happy. She’d tried, unsuccessfully, to get him to relax more, to delegate some things and not work so much, but he was stubborn and after being snapped at one too many times, she’d given up. He’d become quite the unpleasant grouch in the last couple of years, so it was good to see him at ease again.The ingredients for lasagna were laid out and organized before she got the pans and utensils – she could never stand a messy workspace (which was part of the reason she’d stopped going into Howard’s office. He might be a genius, but, dear lord, he couldn’t get organized to save his life. Heaven only knew how he’d gotten by before Jarvis, who was the absolute picture of tidiness, to get things to a manageable level. She missed Jarvis.) She’d instituted family dinner so they could have a chance to talk and catch up, since most of the day Tony was busy with his work and Howard was too wide-eyed about the technology of the future, now that he and Tony were on speaking terms, to pay much attention to anything else.There was a lot she still needed to know about Tony’s life (and the world) and the cliff’s notes Tony had given them had not been particularly cheerful (more accurately, it’s been rather terrifying the number of times her baby’s life had been in danger), but Tony had asked her to let him tell her in his own time, so she was honoring that. Talking over dinner in a relaxed environment was easier, and it had the added bonus of ensuring that Tony got a proper meal. Friday had told her that he was better about remembering to eat nowadays (which implied there was a time when he hadn’t been), but it made her mother’s heart feel better if she could see him eat with her own eyes – he still looked a little too haggard for her taste. The o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Cap is full of shit
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

