Chapter 1: Texting
    




Chapter Text
Generally, most of the Avengers meetings were uneventful and boring, but this was just pointless. Tony was beginning to believe that his team mates called these meetings just so they could argue. Like, here they were, on a beautifully extravagant day, stuffed inside a conference room, approximately the size of a peanut. For what? For pretzels. Fucking pretzels.   "FUCKING LET. IT. GO, WILSON. PRETZELS ARE-"  "WHAT PRETZELS? WHERE EXACTLY ARE MY FUCKING FAVORITE PRETZELS, HUH BARTON? PLEASE, ENLIGHTEN ME."  "YOU CAN TAKE YOUR PRETZELS AND SHOVE THEM 7 FEET UP YOUR ASS, OR IS THERE NOT ENOUGH ROOM FOR YOUR HEAD AND THE PRECIOUS PRETZELS!"  Oh, the lovely sound of Clint and Sam's voice in the morning. Or afternoon. God, it was 12:03. Why was he not in his lab?  While Natasha, Steve, and Bruce were restraining Clint and Sam, (or at least attempting to), Tony leaned against the wall, vaguely wondering if the others would notice it he left the room.   He would be quiet, just casually slip out the door and escape to the lab. No one would notice-  Tony's thoughts were cut short by the vibration of his Stark phone, telling him someone had messaged him. "SPIDER-SCIENCE-BRO," His phone displays.   From: Peter Parkercome get me?   Tony sighed.   To: Peter ParkerKid, I'm not helping you skip school. Sorry.   "Clint. Sam. We're here to talk about important events that are happening or going to happen. Pretzels are not on that agenda." Steve snapped. Glancing at Tony, he hissed, "Tony. Put the damn phone away."  "Deep breaths, Capsicle. It isn't hurting anybody." By the look on Steve's face, Tony knew he wasn't helping. But, despite Steve's wishes, he went back to his phone.    From: Peter Parkeri need you to come get me.   Tony could feel himself growing annoyed.    To: Peter ParkerPeter. I'm not coming to get you. I am in the middle of an Avengers meeting. Don't text me again if it's about skipping class.   As soon as Tony pressed the 'send' button, he got another text. Peter must have sent a text at the same time Tony sent his.    From: Peter Parkerplease tony. it hurts.   Suddenly, Tony could hear his heartbeat in his ears. "it hurts"? What does that mean? Where does it hurt?    From: Peter Parkerim sorry, i didn't know you were in a meeting. sorry.   Tony's mind was racing. Peter's hurt, Peter's hurt, Peter's hurt. How badly? Shit. He might need a hospital. Oh god.   To: Peter ParkerWhere are you hurt? Are you ok? I'm coming.   From: Peter Parkerno, it's ok. it's not hurting badly, im ok. you don't need to come.   "Tony, listen to us!" Steve yelled. "You need to know this-"  "Peter's hurt!" Tony screamed over Steve. Everyone froze. Then, everyone yelled different questions at the same time.  "Is he okay?" Steve.  "Does he need medical?" Bruce.  "How bad is it?" Clint.  "Where is he?" Natasha.  "Can we get to him?" Sam.  Tony's phone buzzed.   From: Peter Parkeri can handle it. don't tell the team.   ""Don't tell the team"? Well, shit." Clint muttered.  The Avengers exploded into questions and rants.  "EVERYBODY SHUT UP." Tony bellowed over his team.   To: Peter ParkerI'm coming whether you want me to or not. I need to know where it hurts. The team knows. Want them to come?   Tony was almost vibrating with adrenaline.   From: Peter Parkerjust you.   To: Peter ParkerWhere does it hurt?   From: Peter Parkereverywhere.   To: Peter ParkerI'm in the car.   From: Peter Parkerguys bathroom, 2 floor, east wing.   From: Peter Parkerno ironman suit. hurry please.   To be continued...... Thanks for reading!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Peter Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Adorable Peter
Hurt/Comfort
Pain
Hurt Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

