Work Text:
Wade naked was a sight to behold; something akin to the traumatised beauty of broken glass, a burnt out forest, a dilapidated building. It inspired awe in the most classic sense of wonderment and fear. He looked like he would fall apart into bones and dust if you touched him. He looked like he would outlast the end of the universe itself. Timeless and ephemeral, shockingly raw, uncomfortably real, Wade naked was an experience unique to all others.Or so Peter thought as Wade stripped away his viscera covered costume in the centre of his tiny apartment and headed to the bathroom.“Thanks for letting me shower here,” the now naked mercenary called over his huge twisted shoulder. “No running water at my place.”That was probably meant to be a joke as Wade was currently “between places” as he said. Peter found he couldn’t be so light-hearted about being homeless. Probably because the idea scared him witless, even with how often it was a genuine threat for him. Maybe it was funny to Wade because it was just normal. That idea scared Peter too.Water started running with the door wide open and there was nowhere in the lounge room Peter could be to not get a perfectly clear view of Wade stepping under the weak spray. Water ran down that rough, scarred skin, Wade let out a guttural sound of gratitude that sent shivers down Peter’s spine and all of a sudden he found himself in the kitchen, gasping into the fridge.Once his face had cooled down enough Peter grabbed a can of soda, popped it and perched on his toes on the counter. After a job Peter always found he couldn’t calm down so perching was as close to relaxed as he got. Especially when they got bloody. They always got bloody with Deadpool.It was a relief to pull off his mask. His hair fell into his face in a sweaty flop and when he raked it back with his hand it stayed. He really needed a shower. But the water was still running and if he listened carefully he could still hear those sounds Wade was making. He quickly stopped listening but they echoed in his head like the soundtrack to a porno.He snapped on the radio in an attempt to silence his own mind. Upon hearing the news bulletin he was successful. The announcer was going on about the scene Spider-Man and Deadpool had just left. It seems like the fire that had gotten started had taken out the whole warehouse. And an incredibly massive shipment of drugs. Peter cursed to himself. If the drugs were gone those bastards they had spent all that effort on catching were going to get off scot free. Well, except the guy Wade had been paid to kill. That guy was dead.Peter shifted uncomfortably before shaking his head and putting that thought in the shit-I-can’t-change pile. It was a big pile.“Are they talking about us?” Wade asked bracing a naked hip on the counter, towel slung around his shoulders.Peter nearly ended up upside down on the ceiling but managed to restrain it to a huge and embarrassing jump. Wade laughed, showing amazingly straight white teeth; a strange flash of conventional beauty. Like a flower in a warzone.Heart thumping in his neck Peter said, “They don’t seem to know about you but they noticed all the guys tied up out front in webs.” Peter scowled to himself, “Looks like they’re going to add arson to Spider-Man’s rap sheet.”“But the fire wasn’t your fault,” Wade said, his scarred face holding the look of innocently perplexed like the Hulk would hold a baby, with great discomfort to those watching.“It doesn’t matter,” Peter said, his tone indicating that it was as important to him as it was to the police.“Man, your writers must have a persecution fetish,” Wade said and it was Peter’s turn to look perplexed. Looking at that face Wade smiled. “At least you’re pretty,” he said, running a rough hand over Peter’s cheek, the tips of his fingers brushing through his hair and over his ear.The catch and drag of Wade’s skin sent shivers through Peter, gooseflesh breaking out up and down his neck. He resisted the urge to turn his head into that coarse hand and bite the palm by saying, “Right now I’m just sweaty.” He jumped off the counter and headed to the bathroom.“You make it look good,” Wade called to his retreating back with a grin.Peter pointedly shut the door behind him, trying to convince himself he couldn’t hear Wade laughing. There was no hot water left, but there was hardly any to begin with and Peter was glad for the wash of cold over his oversensitive flesh. He’d always been attracted to the wrong people. And there was no one more wrong than a costumed gun-for-hire with a scarred up body and a shaken up mind. Which was probably why all Peter wanted to do was leap out of the shower and into bed with the guy.After washing the grime off his worn-out body and wrapping himself in a towel Peter headed into the lounge room only to find Wade sprawled naked on his couch channel surfing. His legs were spread wide and Peter could see the misshapen form of his cock and balls and even the slightest suggest
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
size difference kink
top!Peter
SexuallyAssertive!Peter
Bottom!Wade
Breaking the Fourth Wall
Rough Sex
But only a little
First Time

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

