Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  There were always bound to be a few awkward moments following a break up. Certain rites of passage to overcome: like deleting all traces of your ex from social media, dividing up the friends the two of you shared, and of course that first uncomfortable encounter with said person after you’re were no longer a couple.Since his relationship with Erik had ended Charles had transversed all of these milestones with relative ease, but there was one more to come that he hadn’t foreseen.Attending the same wedding as your ex. That, in itself, would be difficult enough- but for Charles the situation was made all the more uncomfortable by the fact that the wedding in question was not just a singular event- it was scheduled to last for two weeks…Charles still remembered how thoroughly unimpressed he’d been when his sister Raven had told him the news. At first he’d been happy; Raven was getting married, she was excited about it and Charles couldn’t have been more pleased for her. Charles could even cope with the fact that she wanted to celebrate the union with a completely overblown affair; a two-week spectacular of parties and dinners and drinking and dancing.It had always been in Raven’s nature to be showy. She’d been adopted by the Xavier family when she was very young, coming from a background that she refused to talk about but that Charles imagined to be one of nothing more than basic living, if not abject poverty. Charles’ childhood, in contrast, was lavish. He’d grown up in an opulent mansion, with servants and nannies at his constant beck and call, even if most times he would have just preferred the attention of his own mother than that of the help. When Raven had joined them she’d instantly embraced the finer things in life, and she’d continued to expect nothing but the very best all the way through into adulthood.Given her history, it was no surprise to Charles that Raven wanted to celebrate her big day with a big event. What he hadn’t expected, however, was to see a certain name on the guestlist… “I still can’t believe you invited my ex to your wedding”, Charles grumbled, glancing over at Raven briefly before turning his attention back to the road ahead of him.Raven pulled an indignant face in return, looking over at Charles from where she sat in the passenger seat of the car- legs stretched out and feet resting on the dashboard in front of her.“Charles, how could I not invite him?” Raven pouted, absently fiddling with her blonde hair. “He’s my fiancé’s boss- are you aware of how much of a social faux pas it would be to exclude him?”“Oh I see; you can’t risk committing social suicide, but you have no problem with making me live through my own personal hell for two weeks?”Raven rolled her eyes. “I think you’re being a little bit melodramatic, Charles. You and Erik haven’t seen each other for, what, over a year now? Surely it’s not going to be that bad…”Charles huffed out a sound of annoyance, but he didn’t respond. His mind was drifting- thinking about what Raven had said and what unknown strife was surely to come.It would be bad- Charles was sure of it. His relationship with Erik had been intense and turbulent to say the least, and it hadn’t ended well. Who knew how hostile things would be when they finally saw each other again for the first time? Especially since their initial meeting hadn’t been any less contentious… **** Charles shifted nervously in his seat, fiddling with the papers that he held in his hands as he waited to be called. He’d been working for Lehnsherr Corp. for three weeks now, and in that time he’d never been asked to see the head of the company before. There was no reason for him to really- Charles worked in the labs located in the lower levels of the building, and for the most part himself and his colleagues were just left to their own devices; as long as they produced their reports on time then no one bothered them. Charles had seen Lehnsherr Corp.’s owner and CEO maybe twice that he could recall, but they’d never officially met and Charles never really expected that they ever would.It was ridiculous, really, that Charles had been struck by such a case of nerves when he’d been summoned to the top level of the building. He didn’t even really need this job- he had more than enough money thanks to a substantial inheritance from his parents, and the only reason he was working at all was because he considered himself a supporter of mutantkind and he’d wanted to contribute to the cause somehow. Okay, so maybe working for Lehnsherr Corp. wasn’t the smartest idea… They may have been advocates for mutant rights, but it was known to be a dedication bordering on obsession, and there were undeniable links between the company and the rather more extreme Brotherhood of Mutants; an organisation that had been implicated in numerous illegal activities.Charles told himself he would only work for the company for a little while- just to see what it was all about and to conduct s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Azazel/Raven | Mystique (X-Men)
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern: Still Have Powers
Mob Boss Erik
Possessive Erik
Erik is Crushing Harder than a 12-year Old Girl
Erik Has Feelings
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Honestly Charles What Are You Thinking
Charles You Will Be Drunk
Weddings
Bitter Ex-Boyfriends
Bickering
Mutual Pining
Sexual Tension

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Azazel/Raven | Mystique (X-Men)
Logan (X-Men)/Charles Xavier

