Work Text:
"You know what I could use?" Steve tells one of the agents on duty at the SHIELD armory. "A decent pair of restraints to carry on me into a fight. I can't knock 'em all out with the shield."The agent—a new one Bucky's never seen before—has the same problem as Coulson and practically trips over himself in a hurry to get Captain America what he wants. He opens a locked metal drawer and pulls out a pair of heavy handcuffs."How about these, Captain?"Steve examines them, pulling them apart, testing the strength of the metal. "Do you have anything sturdier? Most of the enemies we battle aren't ordinary humans. Let's go for something I couldn't get out of."Steve comes home with a set of manacles fashioned out of some exotic alien metal. He and Bucky eat dinner, shower, and change, and later that night Steve holds them up and says, "What do you say we try these out, Buck? I think these are exactly what I need. I've broken out of all the other ones you've used on me."Bucky eyes the manacles, all cold dark grey metal. They look like something that belongs in a torture room."You want me to tie you up again?""I want you to help keep me humble. I don't want the fame and the job to go to my head. I want to remember what it's like to feel weak."Bucky doesn't argue, but he doesn't think that's it. He thinks the shield and the costume are too heavy to bear sometimes and that part of Steve wants to retreat back to before it all happened for a little while. Bucky understands that more than anyone and takes the manacles."Strip and get me in the mood first. You know this isn't really my thing." It's not as true as Bucky would like it to be, but this is how Steve wants to be spoken to right now. Like he's nothing and Bucky's doing him a favor giving him the time of day.Steve kicks off his slippers and slowly pulls his t-shirt up, exposing the perfect abs of his Adonis-like miracle body and his pink, pink nipples that harden as soon as the air hits them. Bucky smirks. They're sensitive when you play with them too. Always were. His pants are next and Steve is just as slow in taking those off, turning around and bending over, sliding the fabric down and showing off his perfect ass inch by inch. First it's just the crack peeking at him, then it's the fullness of his perfect golden cheeks. Bucky's instantly hard, thinking about the cute way those cheeks bounce when he takes Steve hard, facedown on the mattress. He can't resist giving Steve's ass a playful smack."Ninety-five years old and you still got the best ass in the country. How 'bout that?"Steve's neck flushes red with the compliment even as he crawls on all fours on the bed and deliberately puts himself on display. The blushing is cute too, bright and innocent, the very thing that let him walk out of SHIELD with a pair of alien super manacles without anyone guessing what he really plans to do with them."Quit teasing and turn over," Bucky orders. Steve does it and Bucky approaches with the manacles. The worst thing is that this time the set comes with restraints for the feet. Bucky holds them up. "You want these too?"Steve nods. "I can't be who I am if I forget what it's like to feel helpless."Bucky doubts any bully's ever tied him up. That's more Zola or the Red Room's style, but he keeps those thoughts locked down for now. Steve lifts his legs. Bucky only planned on fastening his ankles together, but Steve—surprisingly flexible for a man his size—rolls his knees into his chest and brings his feet up high enough for Bucky to shackle them to the headboard.He's completely exposed and vulnerable like this—legs wide, his ass and the plumpness of his balls and his flushed cock and his pink hole where he's so hot inside all there at Bucky's mercy to spank and tease and deny and fuck however he wants. He moves to shackle Steve's hands, but he stops him. "You're a sergeant. You're only supposed to supervise, not do the same work as us regular joes."So they're back to this game again. Bucky almost forgot about it, it's been so long. Steve gets the lube out of the nightstand and Bucky is delegated to 'supervising' as Steve slowly and shamelessly circles one slick finger around his opening, taking his time rubbing and teasing before slipping it inside himself.His eyes close and his hips rock. He enjoys this, being dirty once the uniform is off. Steve's eyes open and he looks up at Bucky."Am I doing this to your satisfaction, Sergeant? because I know my fingers are big, but if I'm not, I could take two or three more."Bucky laughs, hard as he is. Steve could probably take his whole metal hand, he's so good at opening himself. He'd probably insist on trying just to prove it too if Bucky so much as implied he doubted it.Steve takes all four of his own fingers and two of Bucky's cold metal ones, moaning with his head thrown back. He's so slick and well-stretched and ready for his cock, Bucky wants to bury himself balls-deep in Steve right then. That's not the game though. He clamps 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bondage
Consensual Kink
Rough Sex
Sexual Roleplay
Established Relationship
Steve Rogers is not a prude
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Steve Has Issues
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

