Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time Steve tried to talk to him about Bucky, Tony just stared at him over the rim of his coffee cup until he got the picture and walked away.  But later, when Tony was dragging himself up the stairs after forty straight hours in the lab, he saw Bucky curled up on the couch, all but hidden in baggy clothes and staring into the darkness.
“JARVIS, see if he wants to watch something on TV,” Tony mumbled as he fell into bed, fully dressed.
“Yes, sir.  Any suggestions?”
“I don’t know.” What would a traumatized amnesic supersoldier want to watch? Documentaries? Cooking shows? “Put on that show with the rescue dogs and the inmates,” Tony said finally, and passed out without hearing JARVIS answer.
 
Six hours later a breakthrough idea for the lab had him rolling out of bed and heading back down the stairs.  Passing by the living room, he paused when he saw that Bucky was still watching television in almost exactly the same spot.  He came around the couch and saw that it was also the same show.
“Was the dog show your idea?” Bucky rumbled from the hidden depths of his hoodie.
“Do you like it?  Ready for a dog now?” Tony tested the temperature of the pot of coffee in the kitchen and put it in the microwave.
“Sure.”
“Alright, you don’t stab anyone and one of these days I’ll find you the ugliest rescue mutt in New York. Deal?”
Tony felt a smile pulling at his lips when he heard the surprised laugh coming from the direction of the couch.  “Deal.”
***
About a week Tony came into the kitchen to see Bucky sitting at the bar and hunched over something on the counter, dressed in a long-sleeved hoodie, jeans, and his combat boots.  Raising an eyebrow, Tony made sure to clear his throat as he comes around the counter to pour himself a cup of coffee, noticing that Bucky also has one cradled in his hands, both of which are covered by gloves.
“You know it’s like 97 degrees in the city, right? If you’re cold, just tell JARVIS to turn the temperature up.” Tony took a sip as he leaned against the counter.
Bucky shook his head.  “It’s not that.”  Tony waited for him to finish, but Bucky only glanced at him briefly before looking down at his coffee. 
“Ah,” Tony said as he realized. He unconsciously ran a hand over the scarred, sunken space where the arc reactor used to be.  “Can I show you something?” He reached out a hand to Bucky, who looked at it suspiciously before reaching out as well.  “Well, you gotta take the glove off.”
Bucky hesitated but he finally started to pull the glove off finger by finger.  When his hand was bare, Tony cradled it in his own and ran his fingertips lightly over the broad palms, the long fingers and blunt nails.  Bucky had a callous on his trigger finger and in the webbing between his pointer finger and thumb. Turning his own hand over, he spread out his hand and covered it with Bucky’s. After a moment, Bucky ran his fingers over Tony’s hands, feeling every rough callous and the smooth, shiny scars.
Eventually Bucky pulled his hand back and wrapped it around the coffee mug again, but left the glove off.  “What did you want to show me?”
Tony straightened and offered him a small smile.  “Just that you don’t have to hide.”
***
At four AM Tony finally got tired of staring at his ceiling, so he wandered down to the common area to see if anyone else was having trouble sleeping.  He wasn’t really surprised when Bucky was the only other one there, staring out the wall of windows where it was raining buckets against the glass.
“You ok there, R2?”
Bucky gave him a one-armed shrug. Hidden lightning lit up the clouds and Tony could see that Bucky was watching him in the reflection on the glass. “You know I don’t know what that means, right?”
“Yeah. Force of habit.”  Tony joined him at the windows. 
“Why are you awake?”
“I asked first.”
“So?”
“It’s like a rule, you have to –“ Tony saw Bucky’s unimpressed look and gave up. “Fine. Had a bad dream, couldn’t go back to sleep.”
Bucky turned back to the window and made a thoughtful noise.  “I dreamed I was back in cryo.  Woke up shivering.”      
“Huh. And Steve didn't...?"
"He offered to bunk with me, but..." Bucky rolled his shoulders uncomfortably.  "It's hard to be close to him.  Kinda makes my skin crawl."
Tony remembered that feeling well.  Forcing yourself to stay still while fight or flight was buzzing under your skin.  "Can I help? We’ll start small.” Tony waited for Bucky to look at him and give him a small nod before he continued. “Can I touch your shoulder?”  When Bucky nodded again, Tony touched him with his fingertips before slowly sliding his hand to palm the ball of Bucky’s shoulder, squeezing lightly and definitely not noticing the hard muscles there.  “Is this ok?” 
Bucky gave him a suspicious look like he was afraid Tony was teasing him, but Tony made sure to look as sincere as possible. “Yeah,” Bucky grunted. “This is fine.”
The tension in the muscles under Tony’s hand would say otherwise, but he didn’t want to mention
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Prompt Fill
I Blame Tumblr
winteriron
pure self-indulgence
why do I always want to write rarepairs
Polyamory Negotiations
Bucky wants all the things and should get all the things
where are all the other avengers? no one knows
stuckony - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

