Work Text:

One.
After the Chitauri Invasion, Tony poured money into reconstruction efforts. He hosted parties, organized fundraisers, and even auctioned himself off, an evening with Iron Man, at a gala.If he were honest with himself, it wasn't all altruism fueling his drive. The Avengers Initiative was new and their first mission had ended in victory but also millions of dollars' worth of damages. The public opinion toward them was favorable, but for how long? How long before the people stop praising the heroes and start wondering why their cars were crushed, or their homes demolished, or their bodies injured?The time to frame their narrative was now. Tony was the best equipped to deal with the shady politics and intricate connections of the New York elites, and he took on the role with wholehearted dedication."Tsk." Clint scoffed as he crumpled the newspaper, the headline read Tony Stark, Genius Billionaire Playboy Philanthropist. "You know money can't buy you respect right?" He laughed, indicating it was probably a joke, and tossed the balled-up newspaper in the trashcan with his eyes closed. 
Two.
It was clear to Tony that when Natasha released all of SHIELD's files onto the internet, she hadn't considered the wide-reaching consequences. Luckily for the legitimate and loyal SHIELD agents and their families, Tony did. He immediately set about to relocate and recover the agents, using whatever resources he had on hand. Vacation homes were turned into safe houses, boats and cars used for extractions, and identities were forged and purged through questionable and expensive means.When it was all over, Tony went to update Natasha. It wasn't an attempt to fish for compliments, though some recognition would have been nice or a quick phone call would have been better because Tony and JARVIS could have prevented all this mess. He had only wanted to give her some peace, a rare commodity for people like them, with so much red in their ledgers."Stay out of my business." Natasha glared, a metallic gleam in her eyes and up her sleeves. Tony took a quick step back. "You're even more pathetic than I thought if you believed money can buy you peace of mind." 
Three.
After Ultron, the Avengers relocated to the Stark Compound in upstate New York. With the expanded roster, Falcon and Scarlet Witch, the team would need a larger training arena but a more intimate shared living space to build rapport.Tony agreed, designing and installing the compound with state-of-the-art technology and equipment, but he wondered. Why would the Avengers need more space when the number of active members remained the same with Iron Man and the Hulk stepping down? Why wasn't the tower, with its more compact floorplan, not as cozy as the sprawling compound? The questions remained unasked, because he knew the answer but did not want it confirmed. They ricocheted in his mind and rattled in his chest, interrupting his thoughts and bruising his heart.Steve came by the tower to pick up his motorcycle, the one Tony had built and customized to Steve's specification."Enjoy the compound!" Tony said with forced cheer. "Your new home sweet home, paid for by yours truly." He winced at the ill-concealed bitterness.Steve slid on the helmet. "You can buy a house, but not a home." His voice was muffled behind the visor, but the words rang loud and clear. Like a gunshot. "It's all about who's there with you." 
Four.
Steve's decision to add Wanda to the Avengers' roster was one of controversy and attracted a great deal of attention from the public. The paparazzi immediately picked up on the interest in the Scarlet Witch and hounded her every move, from her missions as an Avengers to her grocery trips, all the while shouting invasive questions and outlandish speculations. They gave her a wider berth after she sent two of them to their knees with a flash of red, but those incidents made for entertaining stories, exciting footage, and expensive pay-offs. So they continued to hound her. Tony tried to help, explaining that it was easier to smile and get on with her day than to engage and make it a bigger story. If he mentioned the money he spent on making assault charges disappear and replacing broken equipment, it was meant to be a gesture of good will and to demonstrate consequences. Wanda did not see it that way. She snarled, red tendrils sparked menacingly from her fingertips and in her eyes. "You will never buy my forgiveness, Stark! You murdered my parents, you monster!" 
Five.
First New York. Then Sokovia. Now Lagos.The Accords had been in the works for a long time, an expansive and extensive international document did not get proposed, drafted, and approved overnight. Tony wasn't surprised, he knew this was inevitable the moment a wormhole opened above his tower. He'd expected the Avengers' reluctance and resistance, they had never expressed interest in or displayed understanding of how they, as superheroes, fit in with the world. The world was never meant to mold
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Pro-Accords
Broken Team Dynamics
Happy!Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
5+1
Translation Available

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

