Work Text:
Hang You From the Heavens
By: WynnWhen Michelangelo made the David, God took one look at the statue and said, “I can do better.”It took Him four hundred years, but eventually He did, creating in the glorious year of 1916 in a rather unimpressive part of Brooklyn, NY, one James Buchanan Barnes.Now Darcy Lewis reaps the benefits, standing in the entrance to the communal kitchen in Avengers tower, staring slack-jawed and wide-eyed at a half-naked, sweaty former Soviet assassin as he transforms the previously simple act of drinking a glass of water into a wanton and impure event.He stands beside the refrigerator, his eyes on the kitschy magnets that she had bought for the team two months before after they had saved her and Jane from some particularly enthusiastic Doombots. She’d spent the better part of an afternoon tracking them down, a red plastic hammer for Thor, a microscope for Bruce, and a picture of Tony, of course, for Tony. For James, she’d bought a glittery snowflake. He’d quirked a brow as she’d given it to him and she was worried that he’d toss it in the trash, objecting to the more upbeat approach to his super spy code name, but instead he’d placed it on the fridge with the rest, and now the magnets had become an informal messaging service between the team, items of note left beneath each magnet for the particular person to whom the magnet belonged.His was rarely used.James stares at it and Darcy stares at him as he reaches for the first of the water bottles beside him. He tilts his head back as he drinks. His hair is still long, one of the last remnants of his days as the Winter Soldier, one that he stubbornly refuses to lose even though Steve has cast a few dozen scowls at the length the past few months. It’s curled now with sweat and brushing the towel he has draped about his neck, and Darcy can barely restrain the urge to walk up to him and run her fingers from crown to nape. The thought of her curling her hands into those curls as he goes down on her flashes into her mind then, and she nearly gasps from the flare of heat that darts through her at the image. She’d never thought of James in that way before. Sure, she recognized that he was as hot as a July sun in Alabama, but so was every other man connected to the Avengers, as were half the women too in her opinion, so she’d become kind of inured to that level of hotness.Until now.She traces the slope of his shoulders, down the length of his right arm, his real one, the one that lifts the bottle. She’d always loved arms on a man, and shoulders too, and both on him look cut from marble, each muscle firm and defined but not overly developed. Her eyes linger on his forearm, on the veins and the twist of tendons as he briefly lowers the bottle for breath. Darcy takes one too before moving on to his hand, knowing her brain and how it works, knowing the thoughts that are sure to come. And they do, and she nearly does too, his hand strong and sure, the bottle propped lightly between two fingers and the thumb; she imagines that hand on her and in her, strong and sure then too, and her face flushes from the thought, not in embarrassment, but in desire. As she stares at his hand, her curiosity gets the best of her. She looks from his real hand to the metal one, half-hidden by his body. When James had first come, he’d concealed the arm beneath long shirts, a glove, and his ever-present leather jacket, even in the summer. It had only been in the past month or so that he’d felt comfortable enough to ditch the layers and to show the arm to the team. On the occasions when Darcy had seen him since then, during team get-togethers and random run-ins like this one in the Tower, she’d stopped herself from staring at it, capable at least of a modicum of respect, in contrast to what her mother always said. But she couldn’t help being curious. What did it feel like? Was it cold and unyielding? Did it warm to the touch? Could James feel it when he touched things with that arm? She glances at the place where it joined his body, the juncture seamless, before continuing on.He tosses the empty bottle into the recycling bin and reaches for the second one, and her eyes glide down his back as he moves. The slope from chest to waist makes her breathless. Darcy knows most of his story from working for Coulson in S.H.I.E.L.D., she knows that he and Natasha were injected with something similar to Steve’s Super Soldier Serum, but Darcy has also seen a few pictures of James from his days in the Commandos so she knows that what she sees before her now is not science, but him, hardened and battle-scarred by years of training and combat. She swallows at the dimples in his back, at the cut of the oblique across his hip, at the flare of his ass beneath his workout pants. Was it a requirement for all members of the Avengers to have a gorgeous ass? Save the world, join the team, but only if you filled out a uniform well enough to make a girl breathless.His legs are long, too, J
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Background natasha Romanov/ steve rogers

freeform: 
Excessive Male Objectification
Serious Sexual Tension
Shirtlessness
Ogling
Drinking Water Becomes an Erotic Event
Tacky Magnets
Hot Fluff
Tony is desperate
Darcy is intrigued
Bucky is hot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Background natasha Romanov/ steve rogers

