Work Text:
Steve may have a bit of a crush. In his defense, there are very few people on the planet that could resist Tony Stark’s charm—the man practically oozed charisma, and had practiced from a young age to learn to charm people into the exact kind of reactions that Steve was feeling now. It didn’t help that Tony considered him a friend—one of his very best, or so Steve had been told. Steve was determined to do everything within his ability to honor that friendship and not take advantage. After all, it was just a crush—a quiet, non-obtrusive thing that had been sitting in the back of his mind for the better part of a decade—and Steve had never intended to do anything that may jeopardize that friendship.But then, he’d started to wonder. What if the lingering glances, the mornings spent sparring and nights spent in the library that meant so much to Steve, had been just as important to Tony? What if the only reason Tony had never shown any interest, was because Steve hadn’t either? Then, the Jack of Hearts showed up at the Mansion, and the ensuing explosion had been more far-reaching than any of them could have possibly anticipated. He had funerals to attend, hospitals to visit, and there had been too much to do and not enough time—thousands of things more important than talking to Tony about...whatever this was. Then the Avengers had disbanded, and Steve had seen very little of Tony since.  It was strange, how a disaster as large as the escape at the Raft could lead to something that seemed so… right. Living in the tower, with the rest of the Avengers and Tony, was the best thing that had happened to them in a long time. It was only one night into moving into the Tower that Steve caught Tony in the kitchen, pajama pants hanging low on his hips, half-asleep and nibbling on a bagel. It hit him as hard as any punch he’d ever taken, and thank God Tony was too asleep to notice how dumbstruck Steve must have looked.Steve was stupidly, hopelessly, in love. That presented a different problem entirely. It was one thing to hide a harmless crush, and another thing entirely to be secretly in love with one of his closest friends. He needed to tell Tony— to be honest.  Which was how Steve found himself hovering outside of Tony’s bedroom, mulling over his options.Tony wouldn’t think any less of him, certainly.And it would be dishonest otherwise.He should tell him. The very worst thing that could happen would be… that Tony would take the news badly, perhaps avoid him a little more, distance himself...and admittedly that thought made a sick sense of hurt coil in his stomach. Steve shook himself. Tony wouldn’t react that way, though. Steve knew him better than that.He should tell him—Steve nearly leapt out of his skin when Peter dropped down from the ceiling.“Cap!” Peter said. “What are you doing?”“Oh, I was just—nothing,” No, he was obviously doing something standing in front of Tony’s bedroom. Nothing sounded too defensive.  “I…training? Training! I was going to ask Tony to spar with me,” Steve decided, willing himself not to blush.Peter cocked his head. It was hard to tell what he was thinking with his mask on, but for a moment Steve was sure that Peter didn’t believe him, that he knew exactly what Steve had been doing and it had nothing to do with training, and that he was going to call him on it, tease him about it or worse, remind Steve that he needed to be realistic, because this was Tony Stark they were talking about—And then the moment passed.  “I think he’s in his workshop,” Peter offered cheerily, planting one foot on the wall and walking up it diagonally, as though he was simply strolling down the hallway.“Thank you, Peter,” Steve said quietly, and watched Peter saunter off toward the elevators. Steve mulled the idea of hunting Tony down in his workshop over for all of a moment before returning to his room, locking the door, and digging out his sketchbook.  When he wandered into the kitchen a couple hours later, he found Peter, MJ, and Jan leaning over the table, murmuring in low voices. They cut off abruptly when they saw him, their silence telling. Steve could feel his ears burning. Then again, while Peter looked like a deer caught in the headlights, the girls just greeted him easily. Steve figured that he was probably imagining things. Really, he should have known better. The strap on Steve’s shield broke three times in as many days. Tony chided him for not being careful enough, and Steve did feel a little bad about wasting Tony’s time with it. He was pretty sure it wasn’t his fault, though—he wasn’t handling it any differently, heck, he wasn’t even using it all that much—but he had no other explanation for what would cause a brand new leather strap to snap so easily during regular training.He was a little concerned that the next time the leather snapped would be in battle, but Steve couldn’t really bring himself to care, because new straps meant a couple of hours spent with Tony in his lab, just the two of t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting Together
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Fluff
Meddling
Matchmaking
Pining Steve
Oblivious Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

