Chapter 1





Chapter Text
All in all, Natasha thought she’d done very well for herself. Her childhood hadn’t been ideal; her mother died when she was very young and her father decided that they needed to relocate to the United States from their home in St. Petersburg. When he wasn’t working in construction, he was living on a steady diet of beer and takeout. When he wanted to take care of her, he would, but he was mostly the type of parent that left his eight year old daughter to make her own lunch, get herself to school, and stay out of trouble afterwards. Natasha had wonderful memories of trips to the zoo and shiny presents on her birthdays, but sometimes she questioned how real they were when memories of wrinkled clothing and sitting on a curb waiting to be picked up from a school trip on the other side of the city drifted through her subconscious.By the time she was a teenager, her father had found a new woman (the seventh or eighth of quite a few) and Natasha was so independent that it felt more often like they were roommates rather than a parent and child. She got a part time job when she was sixteen and saved every cent, eventually spending that money on the college applications her guidance counselors pushed her way during her last year of high school. There was a lot of praying during that time. Natasha had a perfect record and a 4.0; all she could hope for was that the essays she’d written were enough to get a scholarship to a good school.After four years getting her undergraduate degree with a full scholarship, the day Natasha received her acceptance letter from Columbia University was the happiest day of her life. She took to the delicate techniques attributed to cardiac surgery like a fish to water; it just made sense. It was so much easier to deal with someone’s physical body than to deal with people face to face. As she worked her way up, she was able to move out of her father’s house in Queens to a beautiful apartment in Harlem and by the time she completed her mandatory residency and accepted a full time position, she was finally living the kind of life she’d always wanted.At NYU, she was  respected . Natasha was widely known as one of the most talented surgeons on staff; she was the kind of doctor people sought out from all over the country, the kind who was consulted when other doctors couldn’t figure out what to do or what their options were. In addition to that, she’d developed something of a reputation as someone who wouldn’t tolerate nonsense. They called her the Black Widow behind her back because she looked perfectly innocent, like any spider would, but the minute she opened her mouth she had a nasty bite. Natasha pretended not to mind.But one would think that all those stories and all those nasty things people said about her and her temper would mean that when she needed a nurse, she would be able to find one!“Hello? Is  anyone  here? Anyone?”Wearing her white coat and a pair of unforgiving stilettos, she searched the nurse’s station for a sign of just about anyone. Nothing. There was the slim chance they were all in rooms with patients, but it was unlikely that they were all working quite that hard. Finally, a young nurse came around the corner and froze at the sight of her, something Natasha found endlessly amusing.“You,” she said quickly. “Care to explain where everyone is right now?”The young nurse swallowed hard and averted her gaze. “They’re on lunch,” she said quickly. “We left Maria and Gemma here to cover while we took lunch…”“At the same time? Weren’t there four of you besides Maria and Gemma?”She swallowed again. “Y-yes, ma’am,” she stammered.Natasha sighed and stepped closer. “Then where are they---” She glanced at her badge. “Karen.”“They’re in the maternity ward,” she blurted out, looking miserable. “Near the newborns.”Natasha frowned and set her charts down in favor of marching out of her wing, down two floors, and into the maternity ward. She had thought it would be hard to find them or that they’d be locked away in some empty staff room to relax and gossip, but as luck would have it she found almost her entire nursing staff gathered together at the big glass window looking into the room where the newborn babies were kept while their mothers rested. She approached and stopped maybe five feet away, crossing her arms over her chest.“Ladies.”At once, all three women turned and paled at the sight of her.“What could be  so  interesting down here that you three think it’s alright to disappear in the middle of your shifts?” She asked impatiently, stepping forward again. “Hm? They’re just babies.”Oh, but she was wrong. The minute she laid eyes on the man currently cradling a tiny newborn to his chest, she understood and while she saw the appeal of the man himself, she wasn’t going to excuse her nurses leaving their station. “Back to work,” she told them, smiling to herself in amusement as they scurried back to the cardiac floor. But when she looked back to the man and he s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Nurse!Steve
surgeon!Natasha

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Wanda Maximoff

