Chapter 1: I've been wasting my time again
    




Chapter Text
Darcy feels her heart thumping in her chest like a fish struggling on a line, every thrust dragging her closer. This kind of heat, this intensity, like the only thing on his mind is discovering all the ways he can wring pleasured reactions out of her, it's like nothing she's experienced before with anyone else. And it hurts, knowing it's not really her that he wants.He was just supposed to be a random bar hookup. A one-time thing. Bucky -James. That’s how he’d introduced himself- wasn't supposed to look for her again and she definitely wasn't supposed to be having these kinds of feelings for him. But that was almost a year ago now and she's in way too deep, knows this thing between them has to end before she slips up and says something she shouldn't.It sneaks up on her, the slick slide of his thumb, right there, and she goes rigid, clenching around him, biting his shoulder to keep the words that want to spill locked behind her teeth. Another thrust, two, and he follows her over the edge, stilling inside her and finally ceasing the litany of exciting, hot, filthy things he’s been whispering in her ear. Darcy closes her eyes against the burning sensation of tears that she refuses to let fall.It isn't the first time she's come home from work to find him waiting for her. It happens every so often, usually after he's been away for a while, -work stuff, he tells her, never sharing the details- when he barely lets her close the door before he pounces, pins her to the nearest empty surface, shifts her cloths out of the way just enough to give him access, and takes her. The longer the absence, the more intense and needy he is during his next visit. At least for the first round; anything after that is unpredictable.Darcy hisses softly, releasing her grip on him and pulling back as much as she can when he nuzzles against the side of her throat, trailing kisses up to her jaw as he slips out of her. Darcy unlocks her legs from around him, feeling the back of her suit jacket catch against the wall as he lowers her carefully to the floor. Eyes still closed, she turns her head away and pushes lightly against his chest to get him to back up. As soon as she has enough space, she slips away, every movement deliberate and showing nothing but calm. A part of her wonders when she got so good at pretending; good enough to fool even someone with his skills.She shimmies out of her jacket and lets it fall without a word, not trusting her voice just yet. Darcy doesn't say anything until she's halfway down the hall, leaving a careless trail of clothes behind her, desperate for a shower and something comfortable to wear. She almost hopes he'll take this opportunity to disappear again while she's otherwise occupied, but it's unlikely. That stopped happening after the first couple of times."You know where everything is," she calls back over her shoulder, unbuttoning her shirt as she goes. Darcy doesn't look back as she lets it drop, leaving it on the floor just outside the bathroom. She closes and locks the door behind her, knowing it won't actually keep him out if he decides he wants in, but giving her a few seconds of warning if he does. With the water set just short of scalding, she strips away the rest of her clothes and steps into the shower.The heat is soothing and she leans, palms flat against the wall, letting the water run down her back. Darcy drops her head forward between her arms and her shoulders shake with silent sobs as she finally lets the tears go. How much time passes, she isn't sure, but the click of the door unlocking has her straightening up so quickly her head spins a little. She tilts her face into the water, hoping to hide the evidence of her little crash before he can get a good look at her. The rush of cold air that follows James as he slips into the shower behind her makes Darcy shiver. His hands fall to her hips, both flesh and metal cool against her heated skin, allowing her to feel the twitch at the exact moment he notices the tattoo.He clears his throat carefully before his voice rumbles out of him, deeper than normal. "That's new.""Not really. Already healed and everything." Darcy shrugs, hoping he'll drop it, but pretty sure he won't. He doesn't."You didn't have any ink the last time I was home, Doll." His right hand moves up, fingers lightly tracing the outline of the tattoo along Darcy's right shoulder blade. "Now you have this. Something you're trying to tell me?"Darcy snorts. "I saw it. I liked it. I got it. End of story." At least as far as he's concerned. He doesn't need to know how she'd talked to Thor about it, wanting his permission first. Or how Thor had been surprised and delighted by her request to bear his mark, and more than happy to agree. Or how the prince had done her one better than just okaying the idea by bringing back a beautiful, one of a kind design of his symbol from a real Asgardian artist, just for her."So it's not s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Future Fic
Angst and Porn
Hopeful Ending
Trope Bingo Round 3

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster/Thor

