Work Text:
"Just put a bullet in his head," Phil says, his voice traveling across the ransacked office. He doesn't need to yell. In the wake of the firefight, everything feels quiet, and his voice too loud in the space. "The sooner we wrap up, the sooner we can go home." "Cold," one of the agents comments, and Phil doesn't mean to sound that way, but they've been chasing fucking codename: Hawkeye for weeks and standing in the aftermath, in the middle of drifting papers, all Phil can think is that he's glad that he won't be the one who has to sort through them, to make sure that this is, in fact, the last loose end and they can all go home--or at least back to SHIELD--and put a big red situation resolved stamp on the cardboard filing box full of ludicrous weapons and knick-knacks--undetonated explosive arrowheads, a damn circus poster, a purple sparkly mask, and the remains of god knew how many heists, and the timeline that shows the criminal activity escalating into assassination.Tracking Hawkeye had led them here, to what looks like it might have been the office of a shipping company, once upon a time, the building brick and bare bones except for its somewhat opulent--though now destroyed--offices. They've taken out the gang--company. Whatever--in what had been a surprisingly one-sided firefight and now that they have Hawkeye cornered it's not that Phil's an ice-hearted bastard. He just has orders and he's tired and execution is the sort of thing he'd prefer to get over with so he can start forgetting about it, tamping it down into the little box where he puts things like killed in action and missing and it's my job.Phil reloads, just to be ready, and holsters his gun, but there's still no sound of any kind of shot from down the hall. He touches his earpiece. Says, "You better be using a silencer, Agent. Because I wouldn't want to walk down there to find you haven't done your job."There's static in reply. Phil knows by now that it's the comm barely picking up throat-noise. A cough, or nerves. Phil hates having to talk newbies through the grime. "Agent?""There's a--" the agent says, "There's some new information I think you should be aware of."Phil sighs and says, "On my way," and meets Agent Cold's eyes. Phil hasn't worked with her before, and can't remember her first name, but her identity tag says Gillian, F [s]. She's from the West Coast office, and he hasn't liked her, except now she rolls her eyes at Agent Newb's case of nerves and Phil decides to revisit his opinion of her. Later. "Let's go supervise the apparently complicated logistics of in the head," Phil says to her, and she checks that there's agents there still covering the doors before shrugging and following. Efficient and on the ball, and fine. Maybe he's been a little wrong about her."Anything to get home so I can microwave a Hot Pocket," she says, and falls in behind him, "I'm really looking forward to real food." Phil snorts, but he knows exactly what she means. He can't wait to open a jar of pasta sauce and maybe spread it on a roll or something if he turns out to be out of noodles again.The hallway they walk down is carpeted in something old and fancy that's even mostly escaped burns and blood stains, but the short stairway at the end is narrow and plain. An old serving way, maybe, blocked off now and terminating halfway to the second floor. The combined space of its landing and what might have been a closet and a bit of adjacent hallway makes for a small, irregularly shaped room. Maybe for an extra child, once, or a guest room, or even storage, once the building had become  an office. Now it's bare, with an old cabinet of some kind--it looks like a sideboard, better suited for a dining or sitting room--and worn hardwood floors. Uneven and bearing the damage of furniture moves and lack of maintenance. The only window is high and small. Round, with leaded glass. It gives the room the feel of an attic, and the sense of claustrophobia isn't helped by the couple of agents standing around, conspicuously not shooting anyone. "And what's the problem, exactly?" Phil asks, because the Agent inside has his gun out, and Hawkeye looks subdued enough. Agent Newb--Kelley, J [d]--makes an uneasy gesture, indicating Hawkeye. There's a bit of anger in the jerkiness of the movement and when Phil doesn't respond, he says, "He's a fucking--You said he was a dom. Maybe neutral.""All data indicated," Phil starts soothingly, before even processing what Kelley, J is saying."Oh? You can't shoot a sub?" Agent Gillian demands, not helpfully and sounding affronted. Like his failure to put a bullet in Hawkeye's damn troublesome skull is a personal insult."Not when they're down," Kelley says, not taking her bait. Sounding stubborn, and Phil has a twinge of affection for his green as shit young agent. It's probably a sign that he's getting old because he's pretty sure that once he'd have taken care of Hawkeye and written up the failure to comply with orders before any
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
D/s-verse
Abuse
Captivity
Altered Mental States
Drugs
dark gray SHIELD
Forced Submission
I wrote this for the kinkmeme
discussion of execution
Consent Issues

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

