Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Natasha wasn't one to talk about her past, partially because there were things that she'd done, or that had been done to her, that she didn't want to talk about. The other part, was because she didn't remember. There were a couple of reasons for her lack of memory; or so she assumed. One, was that there were some things that the brain forgot, whether you wanted it to or not, the other though, was because the memories had been removed. It was no secret that the ones who'd trained her in Russia had been less than kind, but now, as Natasha read through her own history, her own list of secrets that she'd released to the world, she couldn't help but feel a slow burn of fury sliding through her veins like fire. She stared at the photo she'd found of a beaming, average sized family. There were two attractive parents, a beautiful red-headed woman with bright green eyes holding a small child who could only be a year at most. Beside her, an arm wrapped around her waist was the father of the children, a man with strawberry blonde hair, blue eyes, and an equally wide smile as his wife. The other two children were older; probably four and six. The four year old stood in front of her father, his hand on her shoulder, bright smile on her face with bright green eyes that matched her mother. She was a beautiful, smaller duplicate of her mother, and Natasha allowed herself a small smile in response to the one beaming out at her from the photograph. The older of the two stood in front of her mother, with dark brown hair, and blue eyes. Despite the visual appear of the rest of the family, the dark haired girl had sharp, almost austere features, and despite the grins of her family around her, that girls smile was tight, as if she resented those around her. “The moment we saw everything was out I had Skye go through our records – she hid the most important things – like this. Wiped it from the databases. Except for our copy, of course.” Natasha looked up at her former handler, now director of S.H.I.E.L.D. and nodded. She still wasn't happy with him; hiding his status that he was alive; but she understood and that's why she didn't hate him. Clint on the other hand, while he still understood, was far more upset than a simple apology could fix. Not that Natasha had forgiven him, just stopped being furious.“She's good.” Phil Coulson smiled, and she recognized the pride in that smile as something similar to what a father would have for their child. “Yes, she is.” he looked down at the photo then as well, frown now marring his features. “The baby, that would be you. Born Mallory Evans, you were kidnapped from the hospital shortly after this photo was taken. You were there for a routine check up. The doctor who'd pretended to be the replacement for the doctor who should have been on call, stole you, leaving no trace. Of course, we know now who he worked for, but then, we had nothing.” Natasha nodded, not wanting to dredge up those details. “Are any of them still alive?” she asked, voice carefully neutral, but a part of her couldn't help but ache for the possibility of a family. “Your biological parents both died of old age. Your oldest sister, Petunia, is alive and lives at number 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey with her husband, Vernon Dursley, their son, Dudley Dursley, and your mutual nephew, Harry Potter.” at the mention of a nephew, Natasha's gaze flew up to meet Phil's, draws pulling together. “Why is our nephew living with her?” she asked, and Phil sighed.“It would seem the younger of your two older sisters, Lily, and her husband James, both died on October 31, the year their son was born. Official reports say it was from a car crash.” he broke off and Natasha lifted a brow.“And the unofficial reports?” Phil could only shake his head.“That's part of the problem. We honestly have no idea. All we know is that they died, and since Mallory Evans was declared dead after 5 years of searching with no luck, Petunia Dursley was the only living relative who could claim custody of Harry.” Natasha nodded, eyes returning to the photo again. Despite the fact that the only living relative in the photo was the girl with the jealous smile, she still wanted to meet her, as well as her two nephews. They were the only ones that were hers by blood, and she'd be damned if she'd pass up the opportunity to at least meet them.“We're sure Privet Drive is their current address?” she asked, and Phil nodded.“Yes. We're sure.” he paused, watching her. “Do you want me to call Barton?” though part of her wanted just that, to have her partner as back up, she shook her head and Phil nodded, turning away and moving back towards his desk before settling behind it to flip through some files. He looked up and smiled at her as she stood. “Enjoy your flight. Keep me posted.” it was such a mundane phrase that Natasha couldn't help but smile. She moved around the desk, leaning down to press a kiss to his cheek.“Thank you.” she murmured
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Natasha Romanov as the youngest Evans
Natasha is Harry's bio aunt
co-parenting avengers
Harry is raised by the avengers instead of the dursleys
Harry Potter's childhood
up to book 1
Lots of domestic fluff
Some angst
ok probably a fair amount of angst
Protective Natasha
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Avengers really
Harry Needs a Hug
lots of hugs
Deaf Clint Barton
not super relevant but still
raising a wizard
Young Harry
Background Relationships
Minor Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
