Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 After Afghanistan Toni Stark became a hermit. Actually, it had already been underway for years before that. See, somewhere along the way, Toni went from a slutty genius billionaire, to a married woman expecting her first child. The public didn’t know about the married part. Even she didn’t know about the baby. When she started throwing up in the cave, both she and Yinsen thought it might be the questionable food they got, or perhaps the stress of getting the electromagnet installed. But then they started to notice that she was gaining weight, especially around the waist, despite throwing up almost everything she ate. And Toni recalled getting airsick on the way to Afghanistan, though she had never had motion sickness in her life. Yinsen diagnosed her as pregnant. And somehow, miraculously, the baby survived. When Rhodey picked her up in the desert after the explosions and the fighting and the falling through the sky, she was still pregnant. So soon after the press conference where she announced that Stark Industries would no longer make weapons, and after making Pepper Potts the new CEO, Toni Stark completely withdrew from the public, together with her husband and their miracle baby. She still built the Iron Man suit. PTSD or whatever, she didn’t feel safe. And lucky she did, because Obie betrayed her, and her only option was putting on the suit. Agent yelled at her afterwards. And Pepper found out about the pregnancy and yelled even more. And when her husband got home from his work related trip to Romania, they had their biggest fight yet. But the baby survived. Toni and her new family moved away from the city and the nosy reporters. Iron Man was announced to be Toni’s bodyguard. Over the years he sometimes showed up on the radar, destroying old Stark Industries’ weapon caches and saving innocent people. And when Loki and the Chitauri attacked New York, Iron Man fought alongside the Avengers and ended up taking a short trip to outer space. Her husband yelled at her for that too. *** ”We could really have used Iron Man for this fight”, said Steve while watching Helen Cho and her machine repairing the hole in Clint’s side. Clint looked up at him, pale and barely conscious. ”You know that he first and foremost is loyal to miss Stark.” ”Miss Stark is a hermit”, muttered Steve. ”Does she really need a bodyguard?” ”Miss Stark is still among the ten celebrities with the most death threats and kidnapping attempts each year”, commented Clint, perhaps a bit sharply. ”How do you even know that?” Clint didn’t answer, asleep or unconscious. Steve couldn’t tell. *** Then there was Ultron. Natasha blamed Reed for that. It was obviously not Bruce’s idea, but somehow Bruce ended up taking the blame, because the Fantastic Four had some sort of intergalactic crisis and were suddenly nowhere to be found. They were on their own. She watched her team, exhausted and beat down, in desperate need of a brake, some hope. Clint met her eyes for a moment, before taking a steadying breath. ”I know a safe place.” *** It was a farm. Somehow, Steve never expected a farm to be Clint’s safe place. It looked cozy, kind of small. But surprisingly, it also felt safe. He also didn’t expect Clint to open the door and yell ”Honey, I’m home!” A pregnant woman, who for some reason looked very familiar, waddled in from the kitchen. She greeted Clint with a kiss that had just a bit too much tongue for being outside the bedroom. ”That’s Toni Stark”, said Bruce, voice a bit too high. ”Guys, that’s Toni Stark.” ”And that’s Bruce Starstruck”, Clint countered, giving the woman who was supposedly Toni Stark another peck on the lips. ”Gentlemen, this is Toni Stark-Barton.” ”I know all your names.” Toni had a dazzling smile, that reminded Steve very much of Howard. ”Ooh, incoming.” Clint crouched down to greet two small kids who ran straight into his arms. Steve sneaked a glance at Thor and Bruce, who looked just as confused as he felt. ”Did you bring Auntie Nat?” asked the little girl and suddenly Natasha stepped forward for a hug. Steve decided to pick his chin up from the floor and remember his manners. ”Sorry for barging in on you.” ”We had no idea”, added Bruce. Clint wrapped an arm around Toni’s shoulders as the kids went back to playing something that involved a lot of running around. ”Yeah, well Fury helped me set this up when we got married. He kept it off SHIELD’s files, I’d like to keep it that way. Keep them safe. I figured it’s a good place to lay low for awhile.” Natasha left the kids to their game and walked over to greet Toni. ”How’s little Natasha doing?” ”She’s… Nathaniel”, said Toni with an apologetic grimace.Natasha bent closer to whisper ”traitor” to Toni’s belly. Steve was really not expecting any of this. *** Thor left to seek answers soon after, leaving Bruce and Steve the only Avengers still feeling awkward about invading a home like this. Even more awkward was how Bruce couldn’t seem to stop staring at To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Female Tony Stark
Toni Stark - Freeform
Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Secret Identity
the Barton farmhouse
Childbirth

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

