Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It’s 6AM when the call comes through. Tony had been sleeping. Yes, he does that sometimes. Not all the time, not often, not often enough (as Steve was always fond of telling him), but there are occasions – rare, sweet occasions – where his body decides he deserves the lie in. He thinks it’s part of his dream. The persistent theme from Jaws, the duh-nuh, duh-nuh duh-nuh duh-nuh, takes the form of a large shadow on airport tarmac. It’s not, obviously. It’s the ringtone he’s assigned to Secretary Ross’s personal number, just so he can remind himself that the man he’s dealing with is about as friendly as Jaws and twice as clever. At least, for a shark. Tony flaps his hand around the bed, feeling the space Steve used to – Tony flaps his hand around the bed, trying to feel for the space where he keeps his cellphone under an old pillow. He doesn’t find it in time and the tone rings out, but not to fear, Ross is calling back ten seconds later. Tony can almost hear his frustration down the line. “Hello?’ He mumbles, groggy. “Do you know what time it is?” “Late enough. I need to talk to you.” “Yeah, I figured. Look, if this is about Kansas – “ “What happened in Kansas?’ Ross interjects. Tony blinks. “Never mind.” Whoops. “Not important. Okay, so not about – what are you calling for? Can I reiterate it’s 6AM? And it’s a Sunday? It’s the Lord’s day, Ross, my God what the fuck is wrong with you?” “The Ambassador. He’s in DC tonight.” Tony frowns. “Which ambassador?” “You know which one.” “No, I don’t.” Tony hears Ross clip his irritation behind his teeth. “Well, read up on foreign policy on your trip over. He’s requested your company, very specifically. You,” Ross says with mild disgust, like he can’t understand why anyone like the Ambassador to Fuckwhere would want an omega like Tony at the negotiating table. “He wants you.” “I’m the only Avenger left.” “Yeah,” Ross snorts, “right. Sure.” Grumbling, Tony swings his legs over the bed. The floor is cold, his bed is warm, and Ross has woken him up. Not nice. He frowns, fishing around his bedside cabinet for a headpiece, slotting it in his ear. “Well why else would he want me?” Tony says, not in the mood to antagonise. “Have you already said yes?” “I told him you’d be thrilled. And I would remind you that you’re in no position to refuse after the stunt you pulled.” “Get over it.” “Get me my prisoners back and I’ll get over it.” “I wasn’t the one who let them go.” “You’re the one who didn’t try to stop it.” Tony can’t really argue with that logic. “I don’t know, Ross,” he says, blasé, padding his way through empty corridors till he reaches the kitchen. He’s naked, but that’s okay, because there isn’t anyone left to see him. “From what I hear, your time in the sky could be coming to an end pretty soon. You should give me a better reason to help.” He stands in front of his wide window, hand on hip, coffee brewing. He can hear Ross grumbling, hears him say something, muffled, to another person. Then he returns, just in time for Tony’s coffee to ‘ding’. “Can I explain something to you?” “Oh, Thaddeus,” Tony says, sickly sweet. “You know I love having a big, strong alpha explain basic political concepts to me.” “How much hate mail do you get daily?” “What?” “How much hate mail do you get? I know you get it, my security team reads your mail.” “You’ve been reading my mail?” “Just the fan-pieces. Or not-fan pieces, rather. Do you know how much people hate you?” Tony sucks his coffee. “I was aware that – my popularity has taken a slump, yes. But it’s not the first time, and it’s not like – “ “Tony, I intercept death threats for you daily. People are very, very angry that an uppity omega has got in the way of their favourite Captain coming home.” “He was my favourite Captain first,” Tony mumbles, joking, but also not really joking. “I don’t care. And people are fickle. A year ago, they wanted Captain America brought to heel. The year before that, abortion was all the rage. Now all they care about is immigration. Accords are old news, you’re old news, people don’t remember that – they don’t fucking care people like Rogers are a menace to society. They’re idiots. It’s a hivemind of simple minded, uneducated, illiterates.” Tony raises his eyebrows, sip from his mug. “Yikes. Okay, you’re in a bad mood.” Ross isn’t prone to grand displays emotion, even anger usually eludes him. Tony isn’t used to him actually saying what he thinks. “Ellis’s approval rating is tanking, huh? That’s a shame. I guess you’ll just have to go down with the ship,” he says happily. He supposes it’s true. People don’t tend to focus on one thing very long. Once upon at time, safety measures for the Avengers seemed like the most important thing in the world. Now, not so much. No one cares. Out of sight and out of mind, and all they want is their Captain. Tony wouldn’t – It wouldn’t be so bad, if they could start again. “Tanking? No. They tanked a month ago. Right now we’re at rock bottom. T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Extremely Dubious Consent
Worldbuilding
Sexual Frustration
Forced Marriage
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Anal Fingering
Knotting
Politics
Hurt Steve Rogers
Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

