Chapter 1: Happy Birthday, Runt
    


Summary:

1: Celebration sex





Chapter Text
The bar window broke, exposing the combatants and the establishment's fleeing patrons to the cold night air. Logan barely noticed; one didn't survive in the Canadian wilderness for as long as he had without developing some resistance to the cold.
Unfortunately, his assailant was similarly protected against the elements by experience. Victor Creed stepped over the window, not even sparing a glance for the shards of broken glass that sliced through fur coat and skin. The cuts healed over almost as soon as they formed, and Logan grimaced in disappointment. One fuckin' infection, maybe a nice shot a'hypothermia. That too much ta ask?
Sabretooth grinned predatorily, his fang-like canines glistening with saliva. "Make a wish, birthday boy," he snarled, grabbing his crotch lewdly. "Time t'blow out yer candle."
"Any candle you put near my goddamn mouth, ya fuckin' pervert, is gonna be drawn back a bloody stump!" the smaller man spat back. With a snikt and the glitter of metal in the wintry moonlight, he leapt backwards into the darkened alleyways, away from any innocent bystanders who could be caught in the crossfire of their skirmish. fully expecting Sabretooth to follow him, hoping that he didn't decide to grab a bystander and play the hostage game...
CLANG! The sound echoed in Logan's ears like a church bell, evoking feelings of salvation no religion had ever stirred within him. He watched Sabretooth reel backward, blink dazedly for a few moments, then collapse hard onto the ground as something sailed through the air, having ricocheted off his thick, but decidedly non-adamantium-plated, skull.
Captain America caught his shield with the barest hint of effort, and stepped into the streetlights, looking around anxiously. "Logan?"
Logan stumbled out of the shadows, wiping the blood from the battle off his face as best he could. His healing factor was doing its job, but it was always rougher after a bout with Creed. "Thanks fer the backup, Rogers," he said, managing a smirk. "Think I chipped a nail back there."
If the soldier noticed the sarcasm in his friend's voice, he let it slide. The feral man was swaying, almost as if he were drunk, and in other crcumstances Steve would have believed it. But aside from not smelling the alcohol on his breath, Steve knew there were two days out of the year Logan abstained, one out of respect for someone long gone, and one because he needed as much of an edge as he could get against an annual tradition.
"How'd ya know where ta find me?" Logan finally asked, leaning heavily on Cap's shoulder for support. Steve put an arm around his shoulder and braced the other against his expansive barrel chest, trying to ignore the crinkling of the coarse dark hair, the warmth of the firm muscles underneath.
This is the part where you say something, Rogers. "You...you have a history. Every year, same day. There's a fight between the two of you. I might not be an ace detective or a whiz with numbers like Tony or Richards, but the pattern isn't hard to put together."
 Wolverine snorted weakly. "So ya figured me out. Congrats."
"Mostly," Steve interjected. "What I don't know is, why today?"
"Now that..." Logan began, holding up a hand, but before he could finish his sentence, the X-Man pitched forward, and only Steve's augmented reflexes and strength kept his face from a nasty meeting with the pavement.
He's exhausted. Healing factor's taking its toll, and I'd lay odds that he hasn't slept much in the last 24 hours either.Only one thing to do, the Captain thought. Half-supporting, half-dragging the insensible mutant along with him, he started the long and arduous process of trying to hail a cab in New York City.
~*~
 Logan woke up to the smell of fresh coffee being brewed, the feel of crisp, freshly-laundered linen sheets. When he opened his eyes, his first thought regarding his location was swanky hotel room, but then he saw a wall full of old, framed World War 2 news clippings and team photos of the Avengers, and despite the unnatural tidiness of the place, he figured out exactly where he was.
Rogers' place. He blinked in confusion as his head cleared. Wait, Rogers has a place? Captain A-fuckin'-merica, poster boy fer the Avengers, don't shack up at the tower with Stark an' the bunch?
 "It turns out, some investments I made in the 40s panned out while I was in the ice," Steve said as he came in, bringing Logan what looked like breakfast in bed. The smells of sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, and toast seeped into his keen mutant nostrils, and his mutant stomach gave a very loud mutant growl. The Captain chuckled at the sound. "I'll take that as a compliment."
Logan sat up, the sheet falling off his bare chest, and only then realized he was completely naked. "Rogers...did you...?"
Steve shrugged. "Everything you had was a litle...rank. And bloody. And torn. Fortunately, my mother taught me how to do all the basic dom
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Logan/Steve Rogers
Logan/Jack Harkness
Logan/Thor
Logan/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Logan/Hank McCoy
Logan/Remy LeBeau
Logan/Nathan Summers
Cyclops/Jean Grey (mentioned)
Logan/Peter Parker
Logan/Steve Rogers/Thor
Logan/Piotr Rasputin
Logan/Kurt Wagner
Clint Barton/Logan (X-Men)
Logan (X-Men)/Erik Lehnsherr
Hercules (Marvel)/Logan (X-Men)
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Logan (X-Men)
Jean-Paul Beaubier/Bobby Drake
Logan/Scott Summers

freeform: 
WIP
30 days challenge
Logan is a polyamorous manslut
Action
Biting
Reunions
semi-public
sex in the rain
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Rooftop Sex
Oral Sex
Mjolnir sex
Improvised Sex Toys
Dirty Talk
Nipple Play
Pheromones
Sweat
Angst
Triggers
Memory Loss
Alleyway
69 (Sex Position)
Webbing
Bondage
Public Sex
Rough Sex
Breathplay
Double Penetration
Outdoor Sex
Size Difference
Tail Sex
Dream Sex Clubs
Rip Strip
Frottage
Bromance
Naked Cuddling
Friends to Lovers
Open Relationships
Tentacle Sex
Established Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote
Symbiote Fleshlight
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Exhibitionism
Edgeplay
Group Sex
Multiple Pairings
Polyamory

fandom: 
Logan/Steve Rogers
Logan/Jack Harkness
Logan/Thor
Logan/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Logan/Hank McCoy
Logan/Remy LeBeau
Logan/Nathan Summers
Cyclops/Jean Grey (mentioned)
Logan/Peter Parker
Logan/Steve Rogers/Thor
Logan/Piotr Rasputin
Logan/Kurt Wagner
Clint Barton/Logan (X-Men)
Logan (X-Men)/Erik Lehnsherr
Hercules (Marvel)/Logan (X-Men)
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote/Logan (X-Men)
Jean-Paul Beaubier/Bobby Drake
Logan/Scott Summers

