Chapter 1: When he just wants to play around
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
(I don't own nuttin', besides myself) When he just wants to play around.Loki sucked on his pacifier as he was currently sitting on a blanket with toys scattered across it. He was playing with his blocks and plastic rings while Nina was doing some paper work in the kitchen.'That one goes here...' He just loved to suck on his pacifier while he thought. But he jumped a bit when he heard Nina's voice."Dammit!" She banged her fist on the wooden table and sighed.'How is she that stressed out doing paperwork?' He was in a cute, blue legless onesie today as it was kinda hot. 'Why does she feel the need to put me in these types of things?' He blushed as he looked down to his obvious diaper bulge.Huffing slightly, he got an idea.Smirking from behind his pacifier, he stood, beginning to put his plan into action. He waddled into the kitchen, not being noticed right away by his mommy.But, when he was in her line of sight, he took out his pacifier and did something he doesn't usually do.The Raven haired man started to whine."W-W-Wahhhh!" He whined loudly and that got Nina's attention."Loki!" She put the papers down and got up, quickly checking him for a mess. "What's the matter darling?" He was clean so she didn't know why he was whining so loudly.He stopped and made grabby hands. Even from him being so much taller than her, she awwed and wrapped him up in a hug."I just wanted to get your attention, dove. From you having to bring your work home, I thought I would want to get your mind off of it." He said silkily and put his hand behind her head gently."Oh? So whining at the top of your lungs would make me calm down?" She teased but felt his arms around her. "Aww, Loki. Thanks sweetie." She blushed as she breathed in his scent.Good cologne that you want to stuff your face in for hours, and a faint, cute smell of baby powder."You are welcome my radiant rose, always in full bloom.~" He chuckled at his short wife and got another idea. "Maybe we could..." He smirked pervertedly and pulled away from her a bit."What now, diaper boy?" She saw the smirk on his face and the tent that was showing through his nappy and onesie. "I think I know what you want...~" She took his hand and led him to her room.All the while, the two were giggling like high schoolers.




Notes:

yeah i know it’s shit. It wasn't my favorite out of the bunch but eh, gotta start the things somewhere.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Diapers
Adult baby
Pacifiers
Fluff and Smut
Adorable
diaper changes
Sex
Clingy
idk how to tag
bipolar af
sexy mommy
alien wife
Jealous
big baby Loki
Big baby Tony
Breastfeeding
spoiled
Big baby thor
Mama's boy
Crying
babying
Daddy Tony
Protective Mommy
Protective Tony
messes
Laxatives
stern Steve Rogers
Littles
ABDL
Random - Freeform
Strippers
mean Loki
Hints at some characters wink
Self Harm
Cutting
Baby natasha
woah
Drinking
Drug Abuse
Fighting
Violence
Legal Peter Parker
Baby!Loki
little loki
Baby!Tony
little Tony
little Peter Quill
Everyone’s 18+

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

