Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Spent”By darthelwig++++She was half-collapsed before him, one knee braced on the bed, the rest of her pressed down on the mattress. Her body trembled as she tried to calm her ragged breathing, and her hair was a tangled mess falling over her shoulders. Her skin was still flushed from their exertions, and he took a moment to admire how well-fucked she looked.He was on his knees behind her, his still-hard cock wet with her juices, and he ran his hands over her ass before squeezing it roughly, making her moan.“You like this,” he said. It wasn't a question. He knew exactly what she liked, what she needed from him.“Yes,” she moaned, as he continued his exploration of her body. He slid his fingers over the supple skin of her inner thighs, and she whimpered. “No more. Please. It's too much.”His hands slid up over her sides before settling on her hips.“You can take it,” he nearly growled, as his fingers dug painfully into her hips and pulled her up and onto his cock. She cried out, both in pain and pleasure, his bruising grip not letting up as he began to pound himself into her without delay. She was so wet. She was writhing on him, pushing herself back into him, meeting him thrust for thrust, as he knew she would. Wanda wanted this. She always did, and he knew exactly how to touch her.He reached around to finger her clit, letting each thrust bring his fingers to lightly brush against the sensitive bundle of nerves. She was cursing now, in English, in Sokovian, in any and every tongue she knew.“Who do you belong to?” he asked her as he fucked her hard and fast.“You. God. Fuck. Only you. Vis,” she managed to say breathlessly between each rough thrust of his hips.He watched her squirming before him, felt her cunt tight around his cock, so hot and slick, and it wasn't long before he felt his own climax building. He pressed his fingers closer to her, giving her clit more friction, and was gratified as she exploded beneath him, crying out his name. Her entire body shook uncontrollably as she bucked against him, her inner muscles milking his cock, and he gave one final, deep thrust before his own orgasm hit.He groaned loudly as his cock pulsed and throbbed inside of her. His fingers would leave bruises on her hips where they dug into her as he kept her pulled snug against him while he came. She grunted as he pumped her a few more times, enjoying how it drew out his pleasure.Finally, he pulled out of her wet cunt again, letting her fall to the bed in a boneless mess of sweat and slick. He bent over, bracing himself above her, and nipped her bare shoulder.“Mine,” he said simply.“Always,” she mumbled, completely spent, exhausted. Her eyes were already half closed.“Sleep now,” he whispered, nuzzling her neck as she drifted into slumber.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Shameless Smut
Smut
Porn with Feelings

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

