Chapter 1: Coming... Home?
    




Chapter Text
Tony shifted in his seat, looking out the window as houses flew by. This was hardly the first time he'd been moved to a new home, but he still had the same feeling of nervousness. He wondered what these people would be like. They took in all of the at-risk kids, so they must be real hard asses, he guessed. Tony wasn't really sure what tagged him with that name, but it was in big red letters right next to his name on his file.And, though he might not be a very strong reader, he understood enough to know that that wasn't normal. He’d seen other kid’s files, and none of them looked like his. Still, it'd be nice to get away from the group home they'd locked him in the past month while "transitioning." Adults had all kinds of code names for things--most of which Tony understood through context. That one, however, was on the short list of words he had yet to crack."We're here." The woman driving said, pulling up on the curb and pushing the gear stick into park. She looked around, dark face lined with disappointment before she opened her door.Tony had been expecting a, "best behavior”, or some other reprimand. Instead, his social worker seemed to understand it wasn't needed. Or more, it wouldn't be adhered to.Tony tried. He really did try to sit still and listen and not act out. But his body didn't always listen to him. And when it did, sometimes his head still wouldn't. Tony hated the looks he always got when his desk was eventually moved to the side of the room to face a wall, always within the first week of starting a school."He's a disruption to the class," the teachers would say. Tony's head would be hung low, the same words repeated over and over again at every location.This time, he was determined to make it different. He'd be so good he'd wipe everyone off their feet! He set his face with a strict look and opened tge car door.The social worker didn't offer her hand as they walked up to the door or the decent sized house, and Tony was glad. He wasn’t some little kid that needed to be escorted everywhere. And people he didn’t know were not allowed to touch him.Well, he did know the social worker. Her name was on the top of every file about him ever. She'd been there from day one, taking Tony from home to home and all of his school meetings when he'd get in trouble and the foster parents didn’t want to deal with it. But he didn't like her. She was always cross with a stern look across her face, never tempted to change when Tony tried to smile at her. The woman wasn’t the embodiment of kindness, either. Her face held a permanent frown, wrinkles showing she had no intention of smiling any time soon. She wore old clothes, too. They almost looked worse than what Tony wore, and had their own shade of tattered and gross.Tony never really talked to the woman, and she rarelt adrrsses him. Instead, they had settled on an agreement of silence to not bother each other.The door swung open to a well built man with blond hair and an all-American smile dressed in jeans and a T-shirt with a three letter word Tony couldn’t read. Tony thoughr he kind of looked like a cartoon character with the way he stood, one hand on his hip with his legs spread just far enough apart to mark a classic Superman stance. All he was missing was the cape."Hey guys," he smiled cheerily.The social worker nodded a hello and pushed Tony through the door with a hand on his back, sending a fresh spike of pain through his abdomen. Tony knew better than to push the hand away,but he hated the way he was always being shoved around. No one seemed to notice he had two legs and could walk just fine.The blond man closed the door and smiled as another built man with long black hair tied back in a ponytail. He was wearing nurse scrubs, the light blue kind, and they had no flattering qualities to the man’s skin tone. Tony held back a laugh as he thought the man looked like he’d been shoved into girl’s clothes."Buck, you want to gather the kids?" The blond asked.The dark haired man--"Buck"--took a look at Tony, then nodded and walked up the stairs.The blond man led them into what looked like a living room and asked for Tony to take a seat.The room itself looked straight out of a “Better Homes and Gardens,” decorated and honey in a way Tony didn’t think a real house could be. The gray couch looked soft and plush, and off in the corner, Tony could almost spot what looked like a toy bin.Tony hesitated, unsure if this was a test or not. He'd been in homes where he wasn't allowed to touch furniture half as nice as this. Plus, his clothes weren't exactly clean, and neither was he. The group home didn't have many rules about hygiene, not that the staff would have cared enough to abide by them. But the showers were always cold and he had to pay the older kids to gain access to them.But, when the man took a seat on the other couch, Tony took a chance and followed. It was a few moments of silence and Tony trying not to jump ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/ James "Bucky" Barnes
Wade Wilson/Vanessa

freeform: 
Foster Parents
kid!Tony
kid!Clint
kid!Natasha
kid!Bruce
Foster kids
Mentions of past abuse
Hurt Tony
Hurt Bruce
Hurt Clint
Hurt Natasha
everyone just needs a fucking hug
Tony-centric
ADHD!Tony
Nerodivergent characters
Deaf Clint
Dyslexic!Tony
mute!natasha
team as a family
Autistic Character
Autistic!Bruce
Kid!Rhodey
Kid!Pepper
Kid!Happy
Alternate Universe
Kid!Barney
mentions of Military crap
Veteran!Steve
Veteran!Bucky
foster system failing kids
Happy Ending
Always a Happy Ending
mentions of non-con rape
Mentions of Rape
nothing is on screne
I promise
Tony is a BAMF
even though he’s seven
BAMF Steve
BAMF Bucky
AU - Foster kids
Alternate Universe - no superpowers
Kid!maria
Mentions of run aways
Heart Murmur
Angst
Fluff and Angst
kid!loki
kid!Thor
Tony Stark has PTSD
PTSD
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Natasha Romanov Needs a Hug
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
protective Phil Coluson
Minor on-screen violence

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/ James "Bucky" Barnes
Wade Wilson/Vanessa

