Chapter 1: Tony Stark
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark wasn't sure where in the world he was – only that Jarvis had informed him that Stark Tech had been located in the hands on non-U.S. Government groups in a space that had lots, and lots of sand, and had then provided him with a flight path to that location. The gunshots started ringing out, pinging off the suit almost as soon as he was in range, but he didn't react save to let off his own shots at the people shooting him. He wasn't planning on staying long – never did – he just came in, took out the bad guys, destroyed his own tech, and got the hell out of there. This time though, something held him back. The enemies that had been visibly threatening the people were dead, his tech was destroyed, but something was happening just on the edge of his sensors. “Jarvis, what is that I'm hearing?”“It sounds like an argument, sir.” Tony rolled his eyes, having come to that obvious conclusion considering the foreign shouts that grew louder the closer he got. “Yeah, got that, Jarv. But doesn't one of them sound a bit too – familiar?”“I'm not quite sure what you mean, sir.” Tony just snorted.“I mean, one of them sounds American.” Even as he said it he rounded the corner, storming through a doorway and into a room where an interrogation had clearly been taking place, and from the look of the one Tony had called as American, it wasn't going well. The young man was chained into a chair, blood dripping along the side of his face from a cut on his hairline, but Tony could see dozens of other definitely more severe injuries. His interrogator spun on Tony with an angry shout, launching a wicked curved blade at him. The shot was pretty good, the knife should have lodged itself right between the plates of his shoulder, but somehow the knife actually broke on impact, and before the guy could attack again, Tony let off his own shot. The man dropped without another sound. Tony turned to look at the American, who really seemed to be more of a teenager now that he could take a closer look, and the teenager actually grinned at him, revealing bloody teeth. “You're Iron Man – I mean, Tony Stark. Man they're never going to believe that this happened back home.”“Where exactly is home, kid?” Tony asked, ripping up the chains, and didn't miss the whimper the boy gave when his arm was jostled. “Jarvis.” “Right away sir.” while the suit scanned the boy for injuries, Tony waited for his answer.“California. I was doing a program – for uh – learning.” the words were vague, but Tony wasn't surprised considering the readings he was getting. The kid should've been unconscious from the injuries he was seeing, and yet he was grinning up at Tony like it was Christmas. “You gonna take me home, Mr. Stark?”“Yeah, kid. I'm getting you out of here. Just hold on.” Though he knew it would hurt, he couldn't do anything but lift the kid in metal arms, wincing in sympathy at the groans before taking off. Jarvis had already called ahead to the nearest airport where he could commandeer a plane, and he was headed there now.  They reached the airport in no time and Tony wasted no time grabbing a bunch of on flight blankets, wrapping the kid in them. Then he ran for the medical kit, feeling completely out of his depth. The suit wasn't on anymore, thankfully he'd brought his suitcase version, and so he had full mobility while Jarvis talked him through the multiple injuries the kid had. He felt the plane take off but ignored it in exchange for studying the kid's face. The boy couldn't be any older than 19, and yet here he'd been, all alone in a foreign, hostile country, being interrogated about God knows what. As if sensing that Tony's unspoken questions needed answers, the boy stirred, blinking open hazy eyes. What surprised Tony was how quickly those eyes focused on his, and how quickly the haze was pushed away.“Wow. Mr. Stark. So it wasn't a dream. You really did pull me out of that hell hole.” Tony just nodded.“Care to tell me why they were interrogating you?” he asked even as he administered the sedative, knowing it was really the best he could do until they were back on U.S. soil and he could have a team of doctors looking over the kid. He wasn't really sure why he was so invested, except for maybe that he remembered being the captive American, and it hadn't been fun. At least he'd been a full grown adult and a genius at that. As far as he knew, this kid was not so unlucky, or lucky, depending on your perspective. “They wanted to know what I'd found.” that caught Stark's interest.“Found where?”“I study ancient languages and religions so when I heard about a archeological dig looking for occult objects in Northern Africa I was all over it.”“Why would they think you'd found something though?” he asked, and Stiles managed a weak grin. “Because I did.” ever so carefully, he moved his non broken arm, tugging at a chain around his neck that Tony hadn't even noticed earlier. At the end of the chain was a large, rou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
5+1 Things
the avengers are all good bros
Stiles gets into a lot of trouble
Stiles is a Spark
Hale Pack
the avengers all meet Stiles
separately though
tags are my worst enemy
some violence
canon typical amounts
Tattooed Stiles Stilinski
Background Relationships
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

