Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  Thor gets home from school, drops his bag, drinks a glass of milk. Mum and dad won’t be in till late. He climbs the stairs in threes, and opens the door to find his pain in the ass little brother sitting at his desk, in front of the computer.“The fuck are you doing in my room?” snaps Thor.“The fuck are  you  doing in your room?” says Loki, without even turning to look, still scrolling. “Who the fuck is Amora_The_Enchantress? Because from that pic, I can tell it’s definitely not Jane…”Thor strides to Loki’s side; his eyes widen. The chat is open, and Amora’s tits are filling the screen.  Shit .“None of your fucking business!” he roars, and brutally shoves Loki aside.He turns the chat off as Loki rolls away on the swivel chair, rubbing his shoulder where Thor’s fingers sunk in. He has that little-shitty expression of his plastered on, not quite a grin, more like a glint in his eye that never fails to make Thor’s blood boil. Oh, Loki has no idea how much trouble he’s in.“I’m going to fucking kill you. Get the fuck out of my room!” Thor snarls.“You said I could use your computer for the art project!” whines Loki, fucking brat.“Permission fucking rescinded. Fuck off!”Loki is still rubbing his shoulder.“You should be nicer to me,” he says.“Says who.”“I just wonder what Jane would make of this hobby of yours.”Thor pales – he’s really going to murder him now.“It’s not like I’m cheating!” he argues. “This is just…”“And I am sure she would see your point, of course,” says Loki, a coy blink in his eye.“Are you fucking threatening me?” groans Thor.“I wouldn’t dream of it,” says Loki, hand on his heart, and that tone, oh, that fucking tone…“You little shit,” hisses Thor. “You have no idea, do you? No idea. Have you never stopped to think why you’re not getting bashed in the head more often, with that goddamn attitude? Did you think they’ve warmed up to you in school or something? Who do you think protects you in that place, you stupid idiot? Who do you think keeps them away? Would you like me to tell them that from now on you’re on your own?”Thor smirks when he sees the tension in Loki’s face, the furious squint.  Bam , bullseye, right where it fucking hurts. Oh, it’s so so sweet.“You’re an asshole,” mutters his little brother.Is that all he’s got? Feels too good, leaving Loki speechless. Thor can’t help hammering it in.“And you’re lucky we’re blood related, and that mum sort of likes you, otherwise I’d be the fucking first in line to put you in your fucking place,” whispers Thor, leaning in. “I’m very, very tired of your shit, you hear? Maybe if you could get some pussy, or some dick, or whatever the fuck it is you’re into, you’d have less time to be such a nosy little dickwad! Get your own fucking life, and keep the fuck out of mine!”“I don’t give a fuck about your pathetic sex chats!” hisses Loki, too angry and humiliated to get much of a voice out.“No, all you care about is being a jerk to anyone who tries to be nice to you, right? You think your shit smells better than anyone else’s, and that’s why you don’t have any friends! Go back to your fucking books and your fucking phone and your dark little corner, where you can be happy making believe you’re alone because nobody gets you, because you’re so cool and clever, when the fact is nobody fucking likes you because you’re a mean, pathetic  shit .”Loki’s chin quivers, his lips thin. He looks eight years old.“You’re an asshole,” he whispers thickly, and he finally stands up and stomps out the door, with a slam.“And stay out!” yells Thor.He hears Loki stomping in his room right behind that wall for some time, throwing things around.Ah, fuck. This stupid war of theirs, they’ve been waging it for years, and it never ends. Thor guesses he’s won this round. A crushing victory. Doesn’t feel like winning. When does it ever.Oh well, it’s done now. It’s not like he can take it back.  Sigh . Why does he have to do this every time?  *     *     *  For about half an hour, Loki is a concentrated ball of  ugh  . Rage, heartbreak, humiliation, fury, hatred, bloodlust. Thor has cut into everything he know hurts the worst. Loki can hear his own stupid words, and still running through his head are all the things he should have thrown back at Thor and couldn’t, because he couldn’t, because his fucking body betrayed him. While Loki tried to fight back, his body wanted to cower in a corner and cry, and it wouldn’t let him talk, wouldn’t let him think. He  is  fucking pathetic, and Thor is a fucking asshole, and nobody can hurt him as bad Thor can, nobody, and fuck you, fuck you, fuck yooooouu!! (He screamed that out loud. Thor bangs the wall.)Loki paces, huffs and puffs. He will tame this fucking thing — he will tame it. Stick it right in, hold it back, bottle it down. He won’t shed a fucking tear. He won’t.Calm down. Calm down.  Think .Thor is so, so stupid. He has no idea how much troubl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
thor/jane

freeform: 
Sibling Incest
Ace/demi spectrum Loki
Jock Thor
Teenagers
online chatting
brother angst and feels
AU human
AU Teens
So much angst
false identities
secrets and lies
so much pain
lots and lots of online chats
Slow Burn
as in
i give you
the slowest of burns
lots of teenage angst
isolation loneliness all of that
Poor Loki
this is heavily from Loki's POV
but i'll switch when i need to
bc i do what i want
a dash of ironfrost
for plot reasons
very important character development okay
I SAID SLOW BURN AND I MEANT SLOW BURN
actual incest issues and discussions
Odin's A+ parenting only not irony this time
Loki in lingerie (enjoy)
Brodinsons
depression anxiety and therapy
controversial views on incest IRL
this is a thorki fic
with a goddamn happy ending
so help me

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
thor/jane

