Chapter 1: Instead of Treated...
    




Chapter Text
Tony glanced at his watch. Bruce's bus was running late and Tony had better shit to do than wait at a bus stop in the rain.  Where the hell was Bruce?  And why hadn’t Tony just insisted his friend let him buy him a cell phone.  That was the better question.   
He knew Bruce could take care of himself (before he took up yoga he was one hell of a kick boxer) but that didn't keep Tony from worrying. Bruce was just too trusting. A child could lull him into a sense of false security with the promise of a box full of puppies.  That’s what happened when you were too damn smart for your own good.  Your brain didn’t have enough room for everything else.  In Bruce’s case he was lacking an innate sense of suspicion, and in Tony’s, his brain capacity stopped just short of morality.  Or fidelity.  Or a verbal filter.
Tony pulled his jacket in more tightly around him.  It was the nasty kind of rain, that brought up steam from the sewers and made New York smell like a bucket of piss.  Only every happened in late July and August, but those couple of weeks-- not a great time for bus stop babysitting duty.
"Hey handsome, you looking for someone special?"
The answer was yeah, maybe I am, until he turned around and found a hooker 20 years his senior dressed in stirrup pants, a bra and a leather jacket.  She looked like she’d been ridden hard and put away wet and well-- Tony had to draw the line somewhere.  Thankfully she hadn’t recognized him or that would have been ten times as awkward.  Hookers got all weird when they realized they were talking to a billionaire.
"I'm not interested." 
He tugged his hat down a little further so as not to be recognized.  That would only make it worse.
For a moment she looked hurt and Tony found that he felt bad about that.  Therapy must be working.  This woman was about the same age as his mother would have been (which was far too damn old for hooking) and he’d been working on the whole empathy thing.  Between court-mandated anger management classes and living with Bruce, Tony had changed.  He was no longer the aloof 35-year-old manchild that had so much to prove with his cutting with.  He was responsible now.  Medium responsible.  Well, medium he got out of bed before noon most days. 
“Sorry, Ma'am. I only like men." It was the semi-truth since things had ended with his last girlfriend and he said it with such decency that the woman actually melted a little before his eyes.  “Let me give you a twenty for your troubles.”
Which stopped the woman right in her tracks.  She turned her head a little and studied him.  Then as if a lightbulb went off above her, her eyes grew wide.
"Not for nothing.  Let me help you.  Stas's got just the boy for you, I know it.  He's been around for about a year and he won’t give you any trouble.  Stas keeps him leashed in close, so he knows to behave.  That twenty can be my finder’s fee."
"That's-- I don't really want company tonight.  I’d rather just give you the money..."
She didn't hear him though because she was already scurrying down the street as fast as her high heels would carry her.  And that ladies and gentleman, is what you get for trying not to be a dick.
Where was Bruce anyway?  He’d only volunteered to meet him because whatever it was that he’d been working in in his lab downtown came in two large pieces and he needed Tony’s help to carry one of them.  If Tony had known it’d be this much of a pain in the ass he’d have hired a helicopter to pick it up.
But Bruce wouldn’t have liked that.  That was the problem.  Every time Tony spent a penny on him, he got offended.  So they ended up doing ridiculous things like this, that involved rain, busses, and carrying science projects around like pack mules.
Tony stared up the street. Get here. Get here. Get here.
Through the darkness and the mist he could see three figures approaching him and he knew that the old prostitute was one of them because he could hear the click clack of her high heels against the concrete.  Tony made a mental note to insist on the helicopter next time.
"Here he is, just like I promised,” the prostitute catcalled and stepped back to reveal a young man in his late teens or early twenties standing between her and a man who looked like nothing but bad news.  The rentboy had dark hair, chin length that was combed back neatly.  He was thin, with angular features that looked tense with fear.
The man, Stas she’d call him, shoved the rentboy out to greet Tony.  That put him near the edge of a street lamp and even in the dim light Tony could see bruises all over his face and what looked like a cigarette burn under his eye.  The rentboy took a small step back, turning slightly to look at the tall, brute of a man accompanying him.
"Please... my side still hurts... this is my one night off." The boy looked up at the man in desperation and he spoke so quietly Tony had a feeling he wasn't meant to hear.
"Excuse us for a moment," the pimp (what else 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Prostitution
Forced Prostitution
Rape/Non-con Elements
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bruce Banner Is Not That Kind Of Doctor
Hurt/Comfort
Homelessness
Sexual Slavery
Anger Management
Rentboys
YMCA
Forced Alcohol Consumption

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Phil Coulson

