Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
When HYDRA sent the Winter Soldier to New York to take out a target, there was no black leather, no shining chrome. Everything that would mark him as the espionage world's bogeyman was hidden behind a rumpled and ordinary exterior.He was a man, no, a guy, a youngish guy, making his way through the streets of New York, guitar case in hand, backpack over his shoulder. The only thing that marked him as different would take the eyes of another assassin, or someone with comparable skills, to see. There was no guitar in the case; instead there were guns. There were no jeans and soft shirts in the backpack, no dog-eared notebooks filled with scribbled lyrics; there were more weapons and ammunition. He was loaded with weapons. He was a weapon, but a weapon who walked in plain sight.A weapon set loose to perform his appointed task and trusted to return. Although trusted might not be the right word.One didn't trust a computer to undertake its programming. One didn't trust a train to travel down its tracks. One simply knew that, in the absence of malware or a rockslide, it would happen.It wasn't trust that let HYDRA loose its soldier into the world; it was the supreme confidence of knowing you've rewired a human being so thoroughly that human may no longer be entirely the right word to describe him.Pride goeth before a fall, however, and no one can account for every eventuality, particularly not ones brought forth by the god of mischief.The Chitauri, for example. No one could have predicted holes being ripped in the sky and invaders from another dimension pouring in, hell bent on slaughter. No one, not even HYDRA in all their arrogance, could have predicted behemoths filling New York's skies.The Winter Soldier's programming met something it was never designed to deal with and it broke. In the absence of the program that had run it for close to seventy years, the brain searched desperately for guidance, for something, anything, to tell it what to do, because if it stood there, frozen, it was going to die. HYDRA's brainwashing met something it could never have predicted, malware in the code, a rockslide on the tracks, and their control broke.Fractured.Pieces of the man the Soldier used to be, the man who'd been a soldier when he fell, bubbled up through the depths to meet the threat.When holes ripped open in the sky and the Chitauri poured down on New York City it wasn't just the Avengers who met them.He had weapons, so he turned them on the creatures. There was no elegance, just brutal violence. His ammo didn't last long—he'd come loaded for assassination and found himself in a war—so he was quickly reduced to knives, his metal arm, using his guns as clubs.Bloody, graceless.Effective.Almost as terrifying to the people around him as the aliens.At the time he hadn't known what had ended it, all he'd known was that it had ended. He kept prowling, kept roaming, people scattering out of his path like he was something to be afraid of.Maybe they were right.Probably they were right.His mind was a cacophony of cascading memories and screaming conflict: run, report, stay, flee, fight.Eventually they found him. They'd known him. She'd known him, anyway, and that was enough.His right hand flexed around his knife and the plates in his metal arm shifted, whirring and resettling, ready to fight, ready for war. He didn't fight. Not them, anyway. The only person he fought was himself and when they shocked him into unconsciousness the only thing he felt was grateful.  SHIELD emptied him out, sucked him so clean he was surprised he hadn't flipped inside out, organs displayed for everyone to see, heart and lungs and spleen flapping in the air.He got it. He understood.Eventually.For the first however-long he didn't understand anything. It was a blur of confusion and anger and pain. He didn't know if HYDRA had been drugging him and this was coming down or if it was purely mental. SHIELD didn't volunteer and he didn't ask. Eventually it smoothed out.Eventually he could think.He was doing okay, considering. The nightmares didn't come every night, and when they came they didn't last all night.The fact that SHIELD seemed to want to help him was beyond his capacity to understand.He spent two long sleepless nights and days pacing back and forth in his rooms, trying to work it out. He had things they wanted to know. They hadn't even known HYDRA was still a threat. Hadn't known it still existed. Even his splintered mind, memories scattered across the decades with little rhyme nor reason, was a treasure-trove and they wanted every last scrap of intel.He got that.That didn't mean they had to help him. They had no reason to help him. He'd definitely killed more than a few of their people. Of all the things he could remember clearly, he could remember that.So why?He couldn't come up with an answer that made sense and there was no point asking: any answer couldn’t be trusted, no matter what it was.He'd been awake
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Not Canon Compliant
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
Steve Rogers is Not Captain America
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Skinny Steve
Strong Skinny Steve
Beefy Bucky
Captain America Sam Wilson
Asexual Bucky Barnes
Mild Smut
Angst
Post-Recovery Bucky Barnes
Artist Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
POV Multiple
google suggests Steve's circumstances are possible
so I went with it
I am not a medical professional though
Canon-Typical Violence
Bucky Barnes Has Nightmares
Cameos
original couch character
Fluff
Sharing a Bed
Cuddling & Snuggling
Asexual Character
Asexuality

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov

