Work Text:
It was after dark when Steve returned from his run. He came into his room panting and sweating, mopping at his face with his shirt. That was the one thing about Wakanda that he just couldn't get used to; the humidity was dreadful, and that was why he'd taken to running after dark or in the morning before the sun rose.He stripped off his gross shirt, planning to head for the shower, and stopped when he saw the box on his bed. His first instinct was to think that it was dangerous, but that was silly. This was the palace, and from what Steve had seen it was very heavily guarded. The Dora Milaje did not like the fact that the ex-Avengers were here. But he found it difficult to believe that they would do anything that would put their king into danger.So he approached the bed to take a closer look at the box, realizing that it was more like a chest or a miniature trunk. The wood was polished smooth, though it looked old. Gingerly, Steve reached out and pushed the top off. His breathing stuttered and his knees went weak when he was immediately faced with the picture of Peggy that was right on top.He sat down hard, staring at the picture. He'd never seen it before. Peggy was wearing her old uniform, though she looked at least two to three years older than Steve remembered. She was smiling, her hair down around her shoulders, leaning comfortably into the side of a man that Steve didn't recognize. Her husband, maybe?Just beside the picture was a note. Steve, once he could move, read it quickly. All it said was that Peggy's will had been executed and that she'd left this chest and its contents to Steve. He looked back at the chest. They'd been in Wakanda for five months now. How long had this chest been sitting in the U.S. waiting for him? Who had finally sent it here? Who even knew they were here?Distantly, it crossed his mind that he should probably alert the team to the fact that they might have a potential security leak. But Steve dismissed the thought in favor of picking up the photo album. A quick glance through it made his eyes go hot. There was a whole lifetime here. A whole lifetime that he had missed.He set the album aside for now and found, underneath, a couple posters from when he'd gone on the Captain America tour. Steve groaned at the sight of them, though he had to admit that he was glad Peggy had saved them. It was concrete proof that she'd thought about him, missed him, after he'd crashed.Beneath the posters, he found an envelope. He opened it and found several sheets of paper inside. Expecting another note, he picked them up and unfolded them.
Dearest Steve
Shit. Steve stopped reading. He didn't have a choice. He recognized that handwriting. The first note had been printed from a computer, but this one was penned in cursive blue ink. And even if he didn’t know the handwriting, there was only one person in the world who would start a note to him with the word 'dearest'. This was a letter from Peggy.He took a deep, trembling breath to compose himself and glanced back at the letter.
Dearest Steve,

If you're reading this, that means I'm dead. Either that, or the strict instructions I've left have been ignored and I need to get up out of this bed and kick someone's arse.
In spite of himself, Steve smiled.
The reason I'm writing you this letter is... Well, frankly I have something to tell you that I wasn't brave enough to tell you in person. I wasn't sure how you would react. Seeing you again was such a shock. I couldn't bear the thought of you disappearing from my life all over again.
"Peg... I would never," Steve breathed, shaken. What on earth could be so terrible that it would cause Peggy to have this reaction? His gaze dropped automatically to the next sentence.
I have a son.
Wait. What? He already knew that Peggy had two children. He'd never met them; one lived in Japan, and the other lived in England. If they'd ever come to visit while Steve was alive, Peggy hadn't mentioned it. He’d expressed interest in meeting them to Peggy, but she hadn’t followed up and it seemed rude to press the issue. He’d thought about reaching out to them after her funeral, but now that he was a fugitive he doubted they would want to.Why would Peggy…?
I know what face you're making right now. You think an old, doddering woman has lost count of how many children she has. What I mean is, I have three children.
Oh. Okay, that Steve didn't know.
It wasn't a mistake, Steve. I refuse to call my child a mistake. I will admit that I have some regrets about that night. It was a moment of weakness that nearly destroyed my marriage. I could make all sorts of excuses about the time of year and a mid-life crisis, but the truth of it is that I made the decision to sleep with a man who wasn't my husband and I got pregnant.
"Holy shit," Steve muttered, stunned. This was not what he'd been expecting when he opened up the letter. He'd thought maybe Peggy wanted to talk about the brief time they'd spent together before the war, or
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
steve point of view
steve is arrogant
Peggy Carter is Tony Stark's Mother
letters from beyond the grave
unfortunately peggy is still dead
Angst
Angst and Feels
Not Really A Happy Ending
no reconciliation
just steve being steve
natasha romanov is fed up
mentioned child abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

