Work Text:
“Good thing that is over,” Steve says, carefully locking the door behind him before advancing at Tony. Tony leans into the kiss easily, opens his mouth for Steve. Steve palms his cock through his trousers and smirks as Tony gasps. “I don’t think you could’ve lasted much longer.”Tony tilts his head, stilling Steve with his hand placed on Steve’s chest. “Excuse me?” he says quizzically. “Obviously it was harder on you,” Steve says, mostly to rile Tony up. Let me prove I’m mad at you sex is the best thing, in his opinion, and we haven’t slept together for a week because of a stupid bet added to it just makes it better.Except Tony steps away, and oh, no, Steve knows this look, and he calculated this so wrong. “You think so, Rogers?” Tony asks, raising his eyebrows. “Good, then. Let me know when you can’t wait any longer. I’ll be in the lab.”“I’ll wait until you can’t,” Steve promises him, because he’s physically incapable of backing away from a challenge.“Of course,” Tony says. He adjusts his clothes, smooths down his t-shirt and looks Steve up and down. He steps right back into Steve’s space the next moment, and Steve raises an eyebrow. That’s it? he thinks, but Tony doesn’t kiss him again. He just leans in, close, the way most people can’t really, with Steve—but Tony is almost his height. His breath is hot on Steve’s face as he puts his hands on Steve’s shoulders, all but burning him through his shirt. “You got all wrinkled,” Tony says. “Captain America really should look more composed.” And then he runs his hands down Steve’s stomach, slowly, digging his finger just a tiny bit in. “There,” he says, “better now. Like I said, I’ll be working.”He throws Steve a smouldering look over his shoulder as he walks away, and it’s all Steve can’t do not to trace the lines of Tony’s touch on his body. He’s almost painfully hard in his trousers, and he forces himself to stay still and take deep breaths. He can do it. He’s only so affected because he thought this was over. He’ll be okay. He will.***He would be okay, he thinks, if only Tony stayed in the damn lab, because clearly the only way he can function is when he doesn’t see Tony at all. He wakes up, reaches out to his right on habit and comes up empty. The bed is still warm, so he blinks sleep out of his eyes and looks around.Tony’s standing in front of the big mirror next to their wardrobe, so Steve has a great look both at his back and front as he pulls on a deep red shirt. He catches Steve’s eye in the mirror and stretches, his abdomen muscles flexing. He looks sinful. “Morning,” he says. “You’re up early,” Steve says, ignoring what seeing Tony like this does to his insides. “Business meeting,” Tony says, tucking his shirt neatly into his trousers and pulling the belt closed.If it was up to Steve, he would be opening it. Tony reaches into his top drawer and purses his lips. “I’m thinking black silk. What do you say, Steve?”It takes Steve too long to understand Tony’s talking about his tie, and by then Tony has it around his neck. Everything looks good on him, of course.Tony nods to himself in the mirror and then turns on his heel and walks to the bed. “Tie it for me?” he says, blinking down at Steve. “For luck.”“You’re evil,” Steve accuses.“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean,” Tony says calmly. “Do you want me to lose this negotiation?”Steve rolls his eyes, but he gets up. He makes sure to stretch his arms—he always sleeps naked—but Tony barely gives him a look. “You don’t need luck,” Steve tells him, but he picks up the ends of the tie anyway.Tony leans into his touch easily, his breath ghosting over Steve’s hands. He swallows as Steve ties the knot, and reaches up to hold Steve’s hand at his throat. “Thank you,” he says, his voice deep and low. Steve feels heat pooling in his belly just at the sound of it. He wants to pull Tony back in, kiss him and lay him down on the bed and lick every inch of him—“I might be back for lunch.” Tony steps away. He looks down at Steve, and Steve bravely ignores how hard he is and how obvious it is when he’s naked and Tony’s in a damn business suit fitted within an inch of his life. “Unless, of course, you have something to say?” and the way his voice goes all husky should be illegal.“I’m fine,” Steve lies through his teeth, and doesn’t look at Tony’s ass as he walks out. He takes a very, very cold shower.***Tony is indeed back for lunch, and even though he seems slightly tired, with his shoulders hunched over the table, he straightens back up the moment he sees Steve. His suit jacket is thrown over his chair, but his shirt still lies on him perfectly, not a wrinkle even after a few hours. He’s the very picture of the successful businessman he is.Steve wants to see him sweaty and undone and begging for more.He swallows. “Are you alright?” he asks first, because it is more important than any stupid bet.Tony smiles at him, his real, wide smile full of love. “Yeah,” he says. “It went great.”“I’m glad,” Steve says, sitting 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Seduction

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

