Work Text:
Steve hasn’t been hungry or eaten for two days. This alone should be enough to clue him in. But it isn’t until he wakes up on a Wednesday morning to an aching body and wet bedsheets that it occurs to him what’s going on. He blinks the haze of sleep from his eyes, groggy for a moment before he realizes that he’s lying in a patch of his own slick. “Crap.” Steve glances over to the other side of the room where his roommate’s bed is, relieved to see that Clint has already gotten up and left. He reaches to feel his pajama bottoms. They’re soaked through at the back, sticky and uncomfortable now that the slick has cooled. Steve can’t help but to grind his ass back against the mattress, seeking pressure. But it’s no use. The bed isn’t firm enough, doesn’t give him what he needs. Cursing again, Steve shoves himself out of bed and shucks off the soiled pants. He glances at the clock, sees that it’s 6:50 (still time for a shower before he has to leave) and hurries to grab his towel and shower caddy and haul himself to the bath.The baths at OmegaHouse are communal; one for girls and one for boys on each hall. Most of the guys shower in the morning before school or work, depending on their age. That’s why Steve usually tries to get in and scrub himself in the evening—there’s more hot water and less company. But he doesn’t have a choice today. He’s woken up on the verge of heat and if he wants to even try to get away with attending classes and avoiding medical then he’s going to have to wash himself thoroughly. He steps into the steamy shower room and sees that Clint and Peter are both there. Peter isn’t really Steve’s friend—he’s younger than him, still in high school. But he’s never given him trouble. Steve affords them a nod as he passes.“Fellas.”“Hey,” Peter says. “You reek.”“Thanks.” Steve holds up his caddy. “Gonna remedy that.”“Does James know you’re cycling?” Clint asks mildly. “Nope.” Steve plods over to one of the shower heads and sets his stuff down. “And he’s not going to.” Peter and Clint share a look, before Peter shrugs and walks off to take his own shower. Clint hangs back though, edging toward where Steve has shed his towel and is standing naked as he tests the water temperature with his hand. Steve can feel him standing there. He turns with a sigh. “What?”“You’re going out like that?”Steve attends classes at the community college and works evenings at a bookstore. “Well I plan on getting dressed first,” Steve snarks.“You know what I mean.”Steve shrugs. “…Maybe.” “They’re going to catch you,” Clint tells him. “Your special soap won’t work for long.”Steve glances down to the bar that he’s got in his caddy. Suppressants would, of course, be better. But they’re controversial, omegas under custody of the House aren’t allowed to have them, and Steve hasn’t been able to locate a dealer to buy them from illegally. So instead he’s bought the soap from the drugstore, after being told by medical that he isn’t going to be allowed to go his heats alone anymore. It’s too risky to your health, they’d told him when he was still laid up, recovering with an IV drip taped to one arm. Steve is frail. His heats are vicious. This last go-round nearly put him into shock. “Thanks,” he tells Clint. “But I’ve got to try.”Clint shrugs. “Suit yourself.” He looks sorry for Steve. Steve is the only adult male on their hall who’s never partnered up with an alpha for heat. Unlike Steve, Clint’s always been willing to pair with one of the support alphas that OmegaHouse offers for their heats, so he doesn’t really know what Steve’s going through. But he can guess. “Be safe,” he says before walking away. Steve knows that it’s a warning to make sure he doesn’t get attacked on his way to classes or work. They’re not supposed to leave the House when they’re cycling because of the danger of being accosted by alphas on the street. Almost everyone has their heats tracked closely by their hall Alpha, so they never even get the chance to try and leave during. But Steve has been irregular ever since he can remember—just another health problem—and he knows that his hall Alpha doesn’t have anything charted down for this week. If he can just scrub his scent enough, hide the symptoms, then he figures he might be able to eek a few more days of classes out before he’s discovered. Steve doesn’t have a plan for when that happens. For when his scent gets so strong and his insides ache so badly that his soap and painkillers and slick pads are rendered futile. For when one of his professors or maybe his shift manager at the bookstore calls to report him and they haul him home. Because Steve knows that they’ll drag him back here. His hall Alpha will order him strapped down in medical until it’s over. Steve doesn’t want that, but he doesn’t know how to avoid it either. For now he steps into the hot spray of the shower and tries not to think about it.                                                                                        ************
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - 1940s
unfair society
adult orphan Steve
State-run boarding houses
Enemas
No Scat
Forced Medical Procedures
enemies to lovers (kind of)
mentions of spanking
Mildly Dubious Consent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

