Work Text:

Jessica had more strength than any other enhanced skill or ability; as such, she could hear moderately well. Better than the average person, certainly. She liked to tell Luke she could hear better than he could.

Unfortunately, her hearing wasn’t good enough to hear Daredevil when he decided to land softly beside her, thus scaring the absolute shit out of her.

“Relax, Jones,” he told her. His voice was deep, gruff, gravelly; there was also absolutely 

no way 

that it was his real voice. “If you’re always on edge, you’ll never get anything done.”

Jessica snorted. “Thanks for the tips. What are you, my teacher?”

“I-”

“Thanks, Mr. Daredevil, but I think I’ve already graduated vigilante school,” Jessica continued, as Luke scaled the side of the building and settled next to Jessica on the roof. “Hey, big guy. Where’s Danny?”

“Please, no real names,” Daredevil growled. Jessica rolled her eyes.

“Jesus Christ, dude, lighten up,” she said. “I don’t even 

have 

a vigilante name.”

“Some of us have identities to protect,” Daredevil told her. Danny landed beside her.

“You’re the only one who won’t tell us who you are,” Danny reminded him. “And, you know, at the risk of sounding conceited, I can’t imagine you’re better-known than I am.”

“Unless he’s Tony Stark,” Luke suggested. Jessica eyed Daredevil.

“Don’t think so,” she stated. Daredevil frowned, as far as she could tell in the dark, and with his mask. “Oh, man, you gotta 

lighten up, 

Daredevil. You’ll never get anywhere like this.”

“Now who’s teaching at vigilante school?” Danny teased. He flexed his fingers, a glow starting to hum up around his wrist before he shook it off. “Anyways, I think we’re done ganging up on Daredevil. City seems like it’s good for tonight.”

“I’ll meet you tomorrow,” Daredevil said, the moment Danny was done talking.

“Same bat time, same bat channel,” Danny said, and Daredevil nodded and took off at a spring, leaping from the roof they were on to the next, eventually vanishing from sight down an alley. The three of them watched him disappear, in silence for a long moment.

“So,” Luke said. “Do you think he ever smiles?”

Danny laughed, dropping down to sit cross-legged on the ground. “I honestly, 

honestly 

don’t. I don’t even think I’ve ever heard him laugh. Do you think he has any friends?”

“Are we his only friends?” Luke added. Jessica sat down next to Danny, letting him comb his fingers through her hair. Luke paced to the edge of the roof, glancing down to the empty streets.

“We might be,” Jessica answered. “He’s always the first to suggest we meet earlier, stay later.”

“Extra training,” Danny added.

“Secret identities.”

“Assigned 

defense sectors.”


“So, the guy’s a little weird,” Luke interrupted. “He’s not 

that 

bad.”

“He’s got a stick up his ass,” Jessica said. “God help anyone he knows in his real life.”

“I think this 

is 

his real life,” Danny suggested. The three of them were quiet for a moment.

“Well, I hope he’s happy,” Luke said, finally.

“Is there such a thing as a vigilante who’s 

too

 dark and broody?” Danny asked, letting Luke give him a hand up. Jessica hopped to her feet.

“If there is,” Jessica said, “the horns on his head don’t help me take him seriously.”

Luke laughed before launching Jessica to the ground, Danny after her, chattering about where they should get their incredibly late dinner/obscenely early breakfast. She glanced down the direction Daredevil disappeared, letting her mind drift for a moment, wondering about who he might be, before Luke caught her attention again, and she forgot all about him.

The next night was a golden opportunity at a glance into Daredevil’s personal life.
Unfortunately, it came at the price of Daredevil getting injured, and Jessica, Luke, and Danny all insisting* that he tell them where he lived so they could get him home safe (*read: essentially forcing). The mugger that had gotten in one good jab was already unconscious, and Danny had called the police to come pick him up. The hinge in Daredevil’s armor by his left hip had taken the blow, though Jessica had already yanked the knife free and was using her scarf to apply pressure to the wound.

“Dude, you 

have 

to tell us where to bring you, or else you’re just gonna bleed out in the street over a stupid little stab,” Jessica said, 

again.

 Luke had Daredevil hoisted up in a bridal carry, but the guy’s attention seemed hyper-focused on Jessica and her prodding.

“Just leave me, I’ll figure it out,” Daredevil insisted, for the thirtieth time. Danny groaned loudly, zip-tying the unconscious mugger to the dumpster.

“Look, Daredevil,” Danny snapped. “If you don’t tell us where you live, I’m gonna take you to the hospital.”

Daredevil hesitated.

“Which one?” he asked.

“Definitely the opposite of whichever one you want to go to,” Danny said. Luke readjusted his grip and motioned for them to leave the alley.

“We gotta go,” he told them. Daredevil’s hands twitched towards his hip, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Humor
Post-Canon
Everybody Is Happy and Nobody Is Fighting
Fluff
Established Relationship
Domestic
Identity Reveal
Domestic Fluff
Minor Injuries
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Prompt Fill
Banter

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

