Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Harry Potter.. is dead!"

Eir Banning cringed at Ginny Weasley's scream of grief, the fiery redhead being held back by her father as she lunged forward. As she gripped her wand tight in hand, Voldemort silenced the entire Light side from their mutterings of denial about the Boy-Who-Lived's death and went on to gloat about his victory.


Eir stood on the front line of Deatheaters, she being the only one whose hood shadowed her face from those of the Light side, and waited with bated breath to see what would happen next. The war was supposed to be easy and quick but instead, the Light side put up a valiant effort which produced many casualties on both sides. While she could care less for those of the fallen Deatheaters, her heart ached for the children she once went to school with and the Professors who had taught her.


She had never wanted this. Becoming a Deatheater had been her parent's doing and if she had went against their wishes, the punishment would have been severe and Eir didn't have that strong of a will to face her parent's wrath.

So now, here she stood on the winning side as she faced the crestfallen expression of her friend from across the court yard. It felt like a Hippogriff sat on her chest when Hermione easily spotted her, her friend's body seeming to slump with not only grief but betrayal as well.

Voldemort continued on with his speech, offering a spot in his ranks to those on the Light side who stepped forward now, and Eir was surprised when Neville Longbottom limped forward. His speech was awe-inspiring, filling her with warmth and hope, and it was then that her path became clear. She was never meant to fight for the Dark side- never wanted to to begin with- and the moment Harry fell from Hagrid's arms and fired a spell at Voldemort's snake, she made up her mind then and there.

As the cowardly bunch of Deatheaters started to flee, Eir shrugged off her black cloak and much to her parent's surprise, she apparated away from them and their precious Dark Lord in favor of standing by her friend's side. Hermione had yelped in surprise before Ron tried tugging her behind him when he caught sight of Eir, but after quick ramblings of "it's not what it looks like" and "I promise to explain after this is over" in between of throwing up protego after protego to keep them safe from wayward spells, Hermione pulled away from Ron to pull Eir into a hug.

Eir fought, not only for her life, but the life of others as she helped the Light Side take down Voldemort's most loyal Deatheaters. It was during the fight between the Matriarch of the Weasley clan and Bellatrix Lestrange that Eir let her guard down only to wind up on the other side of her own Father's wand.

He had caught her from behind, having watched as she betrayed her own family for those they were working so hard to get rid of. When he saw her watching a duel between Bellatrix and the blood-traitor, he took his chance and cast crucio.

.:HP/AVNGS:.

Eir awoke with a scream, scrambling to sit upright with her chest heaving as she fought to catch her breath. The bed sheet was wrapped around her legs, most likely from the thrashing in her sleep, and her bangs clung to her forehead with sweat as well as the hair escaping from her braid on the back of her neck. Glancing to the side, the glowing numbers of her clock read 7:23A and given the fact that her heart was still pounding against her ribcage, she wasn't going back to bed anytime soon.
With a sigh, she kicked off the suffocating sheet before swinging her legs over the side of her bed and padded her way into her bathroom. Dull brown eyes stared back at her the second the flipped the light switch on, pink lips tilting downward into a frown as Eir studied her reflection. Her skin tone had always been on the pale side- fair if Hermione had any say so- and the dark bags beneath her eyes appeared ever since her Mother told her about initiation for a female Deatheater. With that specific memory in mind, her gaze wandered down to her inner forearm where the faded Dark Mark would stay with her to forever remind her that she was weak and cowardly.
Nose crinkling in disgust at herself, Eir averted her gaze and was met with the splatter of pale freckles along her nose and cheeks when she caught her reflection. She quickly smoothed out her features, her freckles nearly disappearing when her face wasn't scrunched up. Yawning away what was rest of her sleep addled mind, Eir turned on the cold tap before soaking a wash cloth and ringing out the excess water to cool down her heated skin. The cloth went from cooling her face back to under the water faucet before being rung out again and then applied to the back of her neck. Pulling her long braid out of the way to rest hanging over her chest, she let the cold cloth sit there for a while before continuing on with her usual morning routine.
..
..
Eir glared as best she could at her kitchen window, a swarm of owls flying by her window a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Friendship
slight angst
mentions of past trauma
Humor
Romance

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Harry Potter/Ginny Weasley
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

