Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
     “I still don’t see why you wanted to bring this back home with you,” Bruce said with a sigh.  “It’s not exactly what I would have chosen as a…souvenir.”Loki’s scepter shone under the harsh fluorescent lighting of Tony’s laboratory. Tony’s eyes traced the elegant curve of the metal. The staff was segmented like an arachnid’s leg, ending in alien pincers sharp enough to impale and strong enough to withstand a blow from Mjölnir itself.  He reached out to the blue jewel mounted at the top; though it lay inert and lifelessly dull, it still had a hypnotic pull that begged for it to be touched.“Stop that!” Bruce said, slapping his hand away. “You have no idea what it does.”Tony shook his head to clear it and leveled a stare at Bruce. “Would you rather this stayed with SHIELD?” he asked. He leaned against the worktable, his back to the scepter to prove that yes, he could turn away from it, and crossed his arms. “Or maybe we should turn it over to the military, since, you know, they take such awesome care of their property.”Bruce’s eyes narrowed and his lips pursed, but he didn't reply. Instead, he picked up the hand-held spectrum scanner and elbowed Tony away from the table so he could take a reading. Tony pushed back for a second, but gave up and moved to the other end.“It’s not picking up anything,” Bruce said after a minute. “No gamma signature, no infrared, no heat, no radiation, period.”“So can I touch it?”Bruce pushed his glasses up to pinch the bridge of his nose. “You can touch it.”So Tony did, running his hand over the smooth, strange metal. He could feel the place where Loki’s fingers had closed around it—not quite an indentation as much as a feeling that this is where his hand belonged. He tested the weight of it, holding it parallel to the table before slowly turning it upright. The balance was good, good enough that it felt much lighter than it actually was.Tony banged the end down on lab floor, and the metallic sound reverberated around the room with a curiously musical resonance.“Kneel before me!” Tony commanded, deepening his voice and leaning on the vowels in a horrendous impression of an Asgardian accent.Bruce snorted. The scepter was meant for an Asgardian prince, far too tall for Tony, which made him look a bit like a hobbit impersonating Gandalf.“I said kneel!”Tony repeated, louder.Bruce chuckled again. He hadn’t been in Stuttgart, but he had heard the story enough times from Tony, Steve, and Natasha.But not Clint.They didn’t speak of such things where Clint could hear.But Tony’s eyes were sparkling, and his lips twitched in the way they did when he was trying to keep a secret or tell a joke with a straight face.“You want me to kneel?” Bruce asked.Tony’s lips parted in a dopey smile. “Want to play, Doctor?”“Is that ‘want to play, Doctor’ or is it ‘want to play doctor’?” Bruce said. “I could get my lab coat…”Tony carefully set the scepter back on its mounting. He stepped up to Bruce and took the scanner out of his hands to place it on the worktable beside the scepter.“For the games I’m thinking of,” he said, “you’re going to need less clothing, not more.”Bruce hummed happily. They had just disappeared into the lab half an hour ago—no one would be coming to disturb them for at least a few hours. For one, none of the other team members wanted to come anywhere near the staff. For another, they all knew better than to interrupt Tony and Bruce when they had a new toy to play with.“JARVIS, lock the door,” Bruce said.“As you wish, Doctor Banner. Shall I turn off the security camera feed as well?”“Yes,” Tony answered. “If Steve wants to see our sex tapes, he’s going to have to buy them like everyone else.”Bruce huffed a laugh, but it turned into a sigh when Tony took his face in his hands and kissed him. The scrape of Tony’s goatee against Bruce’s own day-old stubble was like sandpaper, but the sensation was familiar and safe and strong. Then there was Tony’s tongue, pushing his lips apart to run along the edge of his teeth, seeking entrance. And Bruce let him in, running his own tongue alongside Tony’s, lapping and tasting his mouth.“Mmm,” Bruce said when they pulled apart to breathe, “coconut.”Tony kissed him again, harder, crushing their lips together while he pulled Bruce’s shirt out of the waistband of his pants. When they parted again, Tony tugged the shirt up and over Bruce’s head, balled it up, and threw it across the lab.Tony wrapped one strong hand around the back of Bruce’s neck, keeping him from pulling back and away.“I said kneel,” he repeated, but this time Tony used his own voice, soft and husky and needy and gentle in its demands.So Bruce sank to his knees, kissing his way down the front of Tony’s shirt, one kiss between each button. He rubbed his face against Tony’s crotch and was rewarded with the heady scent of denim and musk. Slowly, Bruce reached up to undo the fly.“No,” Tony said
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Loki
Bruce Banner/Loki
Tony Stark/Loki
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Loki/Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Dom!Tony
Dom!Loki
sub!bruce
sub!clint
Science Boyfriends - Freeform
Frosthawk - Freeform
FrostIron - Freeform
gammafrost - Freeform
Hulkeye - Freeform
BDSM - Freeform
orgy?
Dick Contest
not a literal one
although you never know
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bruce Has Issues
Loki Feels
Clint Feels
Bruce Feels
Tony has no sense of self-preservation
hell none of them do
Warning: Loki
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
BAMF Clint Barton
Kink Negotiation
Smut
Porn With Plot
Fuck Or Die
Sort Of
Subspace
Trust
Trust Kink
Safe Sane and Consensual
no no we’re serious
Protective Tony Stark
Branding
Blowjobs
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Bondage
Slavery
Explicit Sexual Content
Fic Crossover
but can be read on its own
Pygmalion Avenged/Fix you (Pygmalion Avenged)
Strangers to Ourselves/From the Top (The Unspoken Truth)
D/s
Edgeplay

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Loki
Bruce Banner/Loki
Tony Stark/Loki
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Loki/Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

