Work Text:
Even after two years, the compound hadn’t changed much. It was a welcome sight after months spent on the run. Steve could feel the tension uncoiling from his shoulders and he hadn’t even gone inside yet. He couldn’t wait to go into his own kitchen and make himself a sandwich, then go to his own bedroom and have a nap in his own bed.
Maybe with his own boyfriend. He eyed Tony, but didn’t approach just yet. Tony was talking to what looked like a group of baby SHIELD agents. That was one of the changes. The compound was no longer reserved solely for the Avengers; some SHIELD agents and a few other superheroes were housed here as well. The change wasn’t exactly welcome, but Steve figured he’d give it a few weeks and then explain to Tony why the compound was best kept for the team. When the crowd of agents dispersed and Tony took out his phone, Steve figured that meant he wasn’t doing anything important. He stepped closer and cleared his throat. Nothing. Tony didn’t look up from the screen of his phone. Steve rolled his eyes, amazed all over again at Tony’s lack of manners, and spoke. “Tony. Wanda wanted me to let you know that some of her clothes are too small now.”“Thanks for that insight,” Tony said, still without looking up, thumbs flying across the screen of his phone. Steve frowned at the top of his head. “She’ll need some new ones,” he persisted. “Then she can get a job and buy them herself.” “Tony! That’s not very nice.” With a put-upon sigh, Tony finally locked his phone and put it away. “I didn’t mean for it to be nice. You’re only ten minutes from the nearest town. I’m sure someone is hiring.” Steve shook his head. Looked like Tony’s bad attitude was still sticking around. He’d have to broach the subject again, maybe after they had sex. Tony was always much more agreeable after a good thorough fucking. He reached for Tony’s hand, fully intending to pull Tony into his arms, maybe whisper a suggestion for them to find a nearby closet so Tony could blow him - he’d missed Tony’s mouth for that, at least. He was caught off guard when Tony jerked out of reach. At the same time, this tiny plant thing appeared out of nowhere and started kicking Steve in the shins. The hits barely hurt - he’d felt worse when he stubbed his toe - but Steve still stumbled back, more out of surprise than anything else. “I am Groot!” the tiny thing yelled. “I am Groot!” “Groot!” Tony exclaimed. “What are you doing?!”“What the hell is this?” Steve demanded. “Another one of your inventions? Did you create another robot, Tony?” He just barely kept himself from uttering the name ‘Ultron’, but only because Wanda was within hearing distance and that name tended to upset her. He shifted his weight and froze when a knife appeared at his throat. He hadn’t even seen the woman move, and she would’ve been impossible to miss. Her bright green skin and purple-tipped hair was extraordinarily noticeable.  “Don’t touch them,” she hissed. “Or I’ll slit your throat.” “Gamora!” Tony said, now sounding more exasperated than surprised. “What part of 'please lay low for the day’ did you guys not grasp?” “Drax understood.” Another man joined them, sliding an arm around Tony’s shoulders. “He’s in his bedroom laying on the floor. I heard him asking Rocket if that was low enough.” Tony giggled. It was a sound Steve had never heard before. He stared at Tony, who flushed. “So you’re Steve,” the man said, looking at Steve and baring his teeth. It was decidedly not a smile. “I’m Peter Quill.” “Nice to meet you,” Steve said automatically. The movement of his throat caused the knife to knick his skin and he winced. Gamora rolled her eyes and drew back, looking at the blood on the blade of her - not a knife, holy shit - sword with disdain. “Are all Earthlings this stupid?” she asked Peter. “Who speaks when there is a blade flush against their throat?” Steve touched a hand to his throat, feeling the wound already closing, and half-wondered whether he should be trying to get at his shield. “I think a better question is who puts a sword to someone’s throat two seconds after meeting them?” “I think I didn’t ask for your opinion,” Gamora said. She scooped up the tiny plant thing - what had Tony called it? Groot? - and passed it to Tony. Groot clambered up onto Tony’s shoulder and glowered at Steve. “Okay,” Tony said loudly. “I think we’re done here. Steve.” He nodded at Steve absently, already turning away. He leaned comfortably into Quill’s side as they walked past. Gamora fell into step on Tony’s other side, her sword held down at her side. Groot twisted around and pointed two fingers at its eyes and then at Steve, which Sam had explained meant 'I’m watching you’. Steve just stared. He had the feeling he was missing something."I guess that didn't go so well, huh?" Sam said. Steve turned around to see that everyone was watching him. It was kind of comforting to see that Clint and Natasha had their hands on their firearms: proof they would've stepped in if Ga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Break Up
steve and tony break up
or actually they were already broken up
steve just didn't realize that
P.O.V. steve rogers
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Tony Stark deserves happiness
suck it steve
Protective Gamora
protective groot
Protective Peter Quill
steve pushes the boundaries of consent
he gets soundly put in his place
tony stark takes no prisoners
he can stand up for himself
but it's extra nice when other people are standing around you
i am super salty at steve
see the water around me it's all salt
no gotg 2 spoilers
stevge rogers is arrogant

fandom: 
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

