Chapter 1: The disadvantage of being smol
    




Chapter Text
Appearance mattered. The harsh fact which he was reluctant to accept until recently – that people would judge you from your look before anything else. Since he was little, Peter was a kind of kids who was inspiring to be a successful scientist like his role models, Dr. Banner or Mr. Stark, more than wanting to look pretty. Because the awesomeness of a scientist was measured by their intelligence, not a look. Apparently, knowing nothing about how his own appearance was projected in the public had become his shortcoming in the long run. The truth was that Peter was born with a lithe physique. His height might be of average (and Peter would maintain that. Thank you very much!) However, unfortunately, all of his friends seemed to possess the body of a supermodel that could easily dwarf him. And don’t let he start with his baby face. These physical attributes didn’t make Peter's already complicated life easier.Yet, Peter never seriously attempt to fix it before. Comparing to problems encountered by Spider-Man, Peter’s problem was just petty and ridiculous. After all, getting misunderstandings time to time shouldn’t be that worse than dealing with explosives and animal-themed villains, right? Right. But it didn’t mean that Peter would handle it without complaints. It was obvious that being forced to be a recipient of social treatment which wasn’t appropriate for your age or capability could be really frustrating. To elaborate Peter’s tiresome struggle, here was one of the examples: age restrictions. Buying alcohol at a local store or going to a pub was always a pain in Peter’s ass since he hit puberty because he never accomplished these tasks effortlessly which was kind of annoying. And because these activities weren’t necessary to his life, Peter just swept the problem under the carpet by simply not drinking or hanging out in places that required his ID. However, sometimes, social life called. He was an adult and it was expected for him to exhibit an effort to keep social connections. It was okay actually because Peter wasn’t a hermit. He could tolerate this -- had his colleagues at the Bugle not found mingling in a bar a good idea. So here he was, Peter Parker, aged 23, already graduated and working as a photographer while also doing a master degree in a college, sulking in front of a fancy pub near downtown to which he was denied entry, because the estate’s bouncer didn’t believe he was ‘legal’ to visit this adult-rated club yet.“Seriously?” He lifted his eyebrows at the bouncer who looked back to Peter with indifference, not paying any attention to the young man’s growing bubble of annoyance.He would admit that his face might not look convincing as it seemed to forget to age normally after he reached 17 but Peter already provided his ID card! Sadly, the bouncer was quite experienced in his job and had seen the attempt to outsmart him with faked ID by minors who thought they were smart and sneaky many times he lost count. The guard seemed to put Peter into the same category with those little brats. He didn’t have time for a thorough scanning for one client. Also, he really didn’t want to deal with any trouble in case the police came knocking their door. In conclusion, kicking anyone suspicious out than letting one minor slipped in was a better tactical strategy. Nodding to himself, the bouncer replied to the waiting ‘teen’,“Still no, kid.”“I can show you my birth certificate, want one?” Peter pleaded although it came out a bit sarcastic because of his losing patience.  “Look, that’d make it ever more suspicious. No one carries that paper around. Should I call your parents?”The only solution for this situation now was to call his colleagues to pick him at the gate but it would entail an embarrassing talk that would be too much for his pride. So, Peter just huffed and called his friends to apologize and cancel their plan before dragging himself back to his room and waiting for the time to change into the suit and go patrol. Sometimes, in situations like this made Peter wish that he could change his appearance. He didn’t aim for something extreme makeover – just his face to accurately reflect his age would be sufficient enough to boost his self-confidence… and he’d not deny that few inches adding to his height would be nice too.   Among many reasons he liked being Spider-Man was that despite still being a tiny fellow to his superhero acquaintances who were much older and larger than him, at least as the masked vigilante of New York, Peter got some respect. Although the Bugle slandered him on daily basis, at least no one thought Spidey needed to be saved. Peter Parker wasn’t so lucky. See, people inclined to draw a connection between individuals’ look and their personality or skills. And with his not-so-macho appearance, Peter often got mistaken for being fragile or incapable. On the bright side, he didn’t have to worry that people would suspect a thin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff and Humor
Protective Avengers
Jealous Wade
Jealous Peter
Identity Reveal
Age Difference
Height Differences
The Avengers Need a Hug
Family Feels
Precious Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

