Chapter 1: July 1943
    




Chapter Text
 





 ForewordWhen I was asked to write the introduction to the 60th Anniversary Edition of the classic World War II memoir The Night War, I admit to some healthy apprehension. After all, what could I possibly say about the book that every schoolkid, West Point cadet, history professor, and presidential hopeful has not already said a thousand times, much more eloquently than I ever could? You see, unlike my famous uncle, I'm not especially predisposed to putting my thoughts down on paper. So in preparation to write this brief foreword, I sat down to read The Night War for perhaps the fifteenth time in my life. Just as I had as a young man, I imagined Bucky steeling himself as he prepared to assault the beaches of Sicily (and Salerno, and Normandy). I tried to put myself in his foxhole, sharing a smoke with his pals. I tried to comprehend his fear in Azzano, and his astonishment at the sudden appearance of his sickly friend-turned-Captain America. I shook my head in wonder at the outrageous feats of brilliant (and some might say, stupid) daring that were the hallmark of the Howling Commandos' raids on Hydra.Above all, I marveled at his bullish, unwavering devotion to duty, sure, but to his friends before everything else. I was proud of his outrage at the treatment of his friend, Gabe Jones; sad for his self-doubts and recriminations; amused at his antics with the pretty Sicilian gals. Of course, between the lines, it was easy to see the survivor's guilt, the fear of not returning home, and the love for family that are timeless mainstays for all those serving in times of war.The world knows Bucky was a hero. But what his journal shows us is that he was a man, too. He had friends he loved, friends who died, battles he fought, and moments of such paralyzing fear that it's a wonder anyone could find the strength to keep going. It reminds us that his friends--so many of whom never got to return home, either--were just as vibrant, brave, and beloved as he.Doubtless there has never been a war more necessary to fight than the one my uncle helped to win. Yet this book, this window into another time, reminds us of the extraordinary human cost paid by that "Greatest Generation" so that we might live a safer, happier, freer life. It has now been 60 years since that fateful year when the guns finally went silent. Of course, there is still war in the world. I have two sons in uniform myself. But the lessons Bucky teaches us in The Night War--not intentionally, of course, considering he probably never intended anyone to read it--are simple, and just as enduring as human conflict itself: first, all people are people; second, when the going gets tough, keep going; and finally, above all, try to do the right thing whenever you can. James B. Barnes II Retired Colonel, United States Army © 2005
1943July
Invasion of Sicily

July 13
Well it is done. We have seen and survived combat somehow. Landing did not go as planned. I know of at least 9 men who drowned just getting to the beach and one of them a pal who was in 2d platoon that got transferred to a different company and they ended up going up the beach with the 26th.[1] Goddamn fucking op fell to pieces. Dick McCafferty from Providence is who got killed. The poor bastard was a fisherman too, I can’t quite believe that he drowned. He is the first man I know to die personally and though we all knew it would happen I find myself not able to think about anything else. He has two brothers also, both in the Pacific in the Navy and I do not know his parents’ names and I suppose the brass will notify the family but I just feel sick about it. Dick was a good man, although I think you can probably only call him that now as he cannot have been more than 19 or 20 and did not even have to shave which we all had him over on. Funny bastard I think even got our drill sergeant to like him somehow, I swear he just refused to do hospital corners and finally Parks did up his bed for him and then his bed was perfect and the drill sergeant came early one morning and Dick was sleeping on the floor already in his full kit. I still cannot figure if it was him being that lazy or if he got lucky on a chance at a joke because Sgt. Banks could not believe his eyes. I cannot believe he is dead and not even by a kraut bullet.[2] Just tripped at the wrong time. His poor mother.A and B company stormed the beach with the 16th and we were pinned down for hours by the stukas.[3] It was not at all like training, that is God’s honest truth. I think all of us still have our blood up as we were out there for two days and though we should be sleeping and I know several fellows are, I am not one of them. Somehow everything is clearer and more terrible in combat. Krauts flew sortie after sortie and that scream of the high alt bombs is just as I remember Murrow describing on the radio from London.[4] I feel as though these few acres of beach have been our own London for these 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s) (brief)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
World War II
Historical Accuracy
Diary/Journal
Classic War Memoir
Period Typical Attitudes
Period-Typical Racism
Jewish Character
Bucky Barnes-centric
Bucky Barnes Feels
War
Canon-Typical Violence
Bucky Barnes's Notebooks
Unreliable Narrator
Writer Bucky Barnes
Pre-Slash
Blink And You Miss It Slash
Slow Burn
Stucky endgame
Internalized Homophobia
Angst
Holocaust

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s) (brief)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

