Work Text:
“But it won’t—“

“Yeah, come on, it totally will. I’ve even seen it happen before! It’s one-hundred percent biologically possible, Steve. ... Or, at least, it is now, in this, ah, civilized day and age.”

“You've 'seen it'; right, as in, you’ve seen it happen on film, or—“

“Bi-o-lo-gic-al-ly poss-i-ble, Steven,” Tony sounded the words out condescendingly, enunciating syllable-by-syllable, taking his time with it as if the statement might just sink into Steve’s handsome, stubborn head, the more slow-going he was. “I mean, seriously, don’t correct me on biology, big man. Did they even have biology classes in the 12th century? And, besides, assuming that they did, sure, whatever; I still think your knowledge of what the human body can and can't handle is a little outdated.”

Steve rolled his eyes, arms folded across his bare chest. “First of all, Tony, you know I wasn't born in—“

“No. Shush. Stop. I don't care. Argument over,” the playboy sat up on his knees as he made his point, just as naked as the gorgeous blond specimen of a man in front of him— albeit about a thousand times hornier than his Super-Soldier counterpart. “It’ll fit. Come on; we’ve practiced! I don’t care if it hurts; I've already told you that, what, like, a zillion times now? Steve— I want you in me. Now. Seriously. Hurry the fuck up.”Tony’s voice wavered slightly on that final command, leaning forward onto his hands and knees so his ass was in the air, high enough so that Steve could get a good view of it just by glancing over Tony’s spine.He wiggled from side to side, as flirtatious and coy as ever as his hips swayed enticingly. As if on cue, Tony couldn’t help but grin as he watched Steve’s resolve weaken, fists clenching by his sides as he rested a knee on the bed, bringing his impressive erection near enough to his lover's face that, if he'd really wanted to, Tony could've easily sucked it into his mouth.That wasn’t the plan, though.At least, not tonight.

The last time they'd been in this exact position, they were both so heated that Tony had almost forgotten about— well, had almost forgotten that he’d never done... this. Not really; not exactly.Sure, he’d given a hundred different blowjobs to a hundred different guys; he’d given and received too many handjobs to count, and, yeah, he’d even experimented with his own body, sliding a single finger into himself while on the brink of an orgasm, but he’d never actually... had anal sex before.Particularly not with someone as well-endowed as Captain 'Big Dick' America was.

Steve was— huge, to say the very fucking least. Even when they’d just be in the preliminary stages of their fuck-session and the blond had still been flaccid, his cock was the most damn pleasantly imposing thing Tony had ever laid eyes on.He’d made a ton of stupid comments about Steve maybe switching lines of work someday and becoming a porn star (that hadn’t gone over well, but it was a heat of the moment thing, so, who could really blame him?) instead of a superhero, because that was just what Tony Stark did— he made bad jokes whenever something got under his skin, and, holy hell, did Steve’s cock make him nervous.Shit, Steve must’ve been six, maybe seven inches taller than Tony anyway, in terms of height, but this? This was even more of an intimidation.By the time they were truly losing themselves in one another and Steve— a little presumptuously, to be fair— tried to force himself into Tony's tight body, the playboy completely lost his nerve. He'd squeaked and panicked, pushed at Steve’s broad chest and pulled away at once, his back colliding with the headboard as he explained to the Super-Soldier what, exactly, had just gone wrong.Of course, Mr. Old-Fashioned-Views perceived the whole thing as Tony’s fear of losing his virginity on an emotional or spiritual level, or, something, but, the truth of the matter was more like fear that Steve couldn't physically fit inside him.As in wouldn't-fit-without-Tony-dying-from-some-kind-of-rupture. 

That'd been a couple of weeks ago, though, and since then, Steve had gotten the bright idea of... training Tony for the damn thing, like it was some sort of extraordinarily sexy Olympic-level challenge for Tony to undertake, and not just taking his boyfriend's dick.Tony swore every night he was put to bed aching and stretched-out that he hoped Steve was this damned determined in every sex act they ever took part it, because— damn. Each night, Steve used toys— plugs and dildos and anal beads— to stretch the smaller man out, working from the very 'bottom' up— pun definitely not intended.Steve exclusively used tiny toys at first, and they'd been the most torturous, teasing little things— Tony vowed to throw those Godforsaken things out as soon as he could handle more intense penetration.By the end of the first week, Steve was using a thick four-inch dildo on the virgin-playboy, and it was all Tony could do not to tell him that that was too much, which would have been ridiculou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kink Meme
Established Relationship
Size Kink
Size Difference
First Time Bottoming
First Time
Anal Play
Anal Plug
Sex Toys
Anal Sex
Creampie
Come Shot
Dildos
Anal Training
Light BDSM
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Desperation Play
Dirty Talk
Grinding
Teasing
Large Cock
Virginity
(kinda)
(mentions of)
Double Penetration

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

