Work Text:
Sometimes Steve wondered how he got himself into this situation. Logically, he knew how, but emotionally he didn't understand. He had been ten years old when his mother had died in a house fire that the source was never identified of, and Steve had some how miraculously survived the flames. The only thing he had to show for it was a small scar on his ankle where he had accidentally scraped into some sharp metal while trying to stumble outside of the house. Her death was only the beginning to his problems. His father, a strong and tall man, was left taking care of Steve all by himself. It had been fine in the beginning and Steve had been okay, but as the year rolled on more problems came up. His father's health began to fail him, and he tried to keep Steve safe and healthy, but before long Steve was trudging home from school only to find his father collapsed and dead on the floor of their living room from heart failure. From there, he was deposited into the foster care system for seven long grueling years.  He fought tooth and nail in the system from the foster homes he was placed in and the group homes he was stuck in where he was abused by his foster parents and the kids stuck there just like him. However, he made it out alive and whole. He was so small and skinny and alone out there that sometimes people would mistake him for a kid, and he'd end up at the station only to have to tell them who he was and then his file out be brought out and he would be verified as one Steven Grant Rogers. This happened often enough until one day it just stopped when Steve started going to art school. Well, technically he was living in a shit hole of an apartment and living from hand to mouth and going to community classes that only cost $50 a month, but it didn't matter. He was starting to make a name for himself and be recognized, and soon enough he was climbing up the ranks. But then, Brock stepped into his life.Brock Rumlow who was sleek and caring and kind and oh so doting on Steve when they first met. He'd sauced him up, told him he was pretty little thing that just needed to be taken care of. And Steve believed him. He moved in with Brock not even two months after knowing him, starved for so much affection and so willing to let it happen. Brock sent him to a proper school with proper art supplies, and bought him all of the nicest things he could ever ask for. Steve didn't know where he got the money from, and truth be told he didn't really want to know. But for the time being in those rose tinted four months, life was good and it wasn't as shitty as it had started. But then, reality came crashing down. Steve stumbled in late one night after closing up for his professor and witnessed something he shouldn't have. He walked in late to see Brock and some men he'd never seen before crowded at their kitchen table and speaking in hushed voices. Brock was sitting there with a threatening aura around him, and Steve inwardly flinched and shied away. He hid in the shadows and watched the scene play out in front of him, Brock sitting there one minute calm and collected and then the next he was flat on the floor with a busted nose and having a cold calculating man step over him and leave the apartment. Brock got to his feet and scanned the room and his eyes settled on Steve, and gone were the salad days. That night, Brock beat Steve so hard he couldn't leave the house for two weeks. From there, Brock made it up with gifts and promises and 'I'm so sorry, honey's'. Steve fell for it all, hook line and sinker. From there it only got worse, Brock seemed to trust him now but he didn't care for him the same way he used to and that was obvious. He started taking him to work with him and there Steve was privy to what Brock truly did. He was an underling for the Hydra mafia (the only rival to the Avengers mafia run by a mysterious man by the name of James Barnes) and the right hand man to Alexander Pierce. Steve had heard the rumors about him, and soon after he tried to leave Brock, but he wouldn't let him. Right under Steve's nose, Brock had erased who he was from every record and Steve was forced to stay with him or end up penniless on the streets and die from exposure or starvation in some back alleyway. So from there, Brock was able to trap Steve in completely. For a while he let Steve off free and easy, but then he started to charge Steve for things, simple things, and Steve was forced to pay it all back. But with no money to his name, he was forced to use his body to pay it back to Brock and be passed around by whoever Brock wanted if he chose to do so. On top of that, the beatings were a regular thing and soon enough Steve grew accustomed to the life as Brock's bitch. On this night, as with other night's, Brock had left Steve tied up and blindfolded in some closet in the back of the mob's warehouse. Steve was used to it by now, but it still left him insecure and messed up. He was naked for one, so it was cold and he was s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow (past)

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Bottom Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Hurt Steve Rogers
AU
Alternate Universe - Mob
Russian Mafia
Hydra Mafia
Gangs
Gang Violence
Drugs
References to Drugs
Forced Orgasm
Forced Prostitution
Drug Use
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Abuse
Abuse of Authority
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional Hurt
Emotional Baggage
Victim Blaming
Hurt/Comfort
Sexual Abuse
Verbal Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Hurt
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Minor Character Death
Violence
Rape
Past Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
Recovery
Rape Recovery
Steve Rogers Recovery
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Sad
Depressed Steve Rogers
Mobster Bucky
Top Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Creepy Brock Rumlow
Brock Rumlow needs to die
Malnutrition
Starvation
Touch-Starved
Strangers to Lovers
Love
Falling In Love
True Love
hand holding
Kissing
First Time
First Kiss
Trust
Trust Issues
Protective Natasha Romanov
Howard and Tony are cousins
Bucky is Nat's adopted brother
Angst
So much angst
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
ache
Heartache
salvery
abusive past relationship
Prince Charming Bucky
Bucky Saves Steve
supportive friends
protective friends
One rape scene
Skip it if you want to
towards the end
Avengers Mafia
Intrusive Thoughts
Self Confidence Issues
Self depreciation
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Denial
Body Image
body consciousness
Self Consciousness
Stockholm Syndrome
Love at First Sight

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow (past)

