Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes. Tony was not sure about this. He pulled the large, white dropcloth off the couch and coughed as it threw a cloud of dust up in the air. He really should have had cleaners come in to do the empty apartments. None of the Avengers liked outsiders in their home, though. He could respect that.He heard Clint and Natasha start bickering about cleaning sprays or some shit in the bathroom so he pulled headphones out of his pocket and plugged them into his phone. The music shrunk the world to just him, the furniture he was disrobing, and his own thoughts - only slightly less aggravating than World War Windex.Steve had talked about his old friend Bucky almost incessantly from the day he had moved into the tower. There had been sightings, he knew he was alive. Steve made a plan: he was going to find him and bring him home. He hadn’t asked for help, though Tony was pretty sure Nat had gone with him more than once to search. And one day, after being radio silent for two weeks, Steve had made the call.It was the way Steve had said,  “I found him,”  the desperate, agonized hope, that had Tony replying with, “Bring him home,” without any hesitation.But now, now he was hesitating like fuck.All Steve had said was that Bucky knew who he was, wasn’t fighting back, and didn’t want to hurt anyone. But, also, that he was pretty messed up from what he’d been through. Fair enough. Having your body and mind ripped apart and put back together could really mess with a guy - Tony should know.He was going to trust Steve on this one, though. If Steve’s glasses were tinted pink by his history with the guy, well, that was a conversation they would have to have, but, at least to start with, he’d give Steve, and Bucky, the benefit of the doubt and see how it shook out.He tried to shake out the sheet as well, but it was too large and awkward and in the end he rolled it into a ball and shoved it into the hall closet. He wasn’t even sure if it was worth getting this place ready. Steve hadn’t known if Bucky was going to want to stay alone, or with Steve - if he even wanted to be at the Tower at all.His phone buzzed and he pulled it out.Cap: Twenty minutes. There was something unpleasantly nervous about Steve texting him an ETA. Like they should be steeling themselves in some way, but for what?He yanked out his headphones and called out, “They’ll be here in twenty minutes,” to the bickering super spies. They didn’t reply - probably too busy having a bleach fight or something - so Tony took one last turn around the apartment. It was blank and bare, but functional. Couch, kitchen, bed, bathroom - if those two didn’t manage to blow it up - TV. There was food in the fridge and sheets on the bed. If Barnes wanted space, he could have it here.It was actually twenty-four minutes until JARVIS announced their arrival, not that Tony was watching the clock or anything.“Hey, J? Is this a bad idea?” he asked, hovering in the common living room, not sure if he should be trying to be cool and casual when they arrived or not.“I have no way of knowing that, Sir.”Helpful.The elevator dinged down the hall and Tony tensed. He heard their voices, low and rumbly, but couldn’t make out what they said. Steve must have used his magical Tony-sense because a moment later the two walked through the doorway into the common room.Barnes was not what Tony expected. He’d seen pictures of him, but from before and during the war. This man was not the same.His dark hair was long and fell around his face. He was wearing about fourteen layers, but Tony could see the broad chest and tensed muscles hidden underneath. His jaw was peppered with haphazard stubble and it shifted as he worked his teeth together nervously.His eyes were dark and intense, yes, but not with the aggression Tony expected to see there, with fear. He looked ready to bolt, checking the exits and hiding places compulsively. Tony watched his gaze dart around the room and held his own pose carefully, leaning against the back of the couch, trying to think non-threatening thoughts.He had expected to be meeting a tiger let free of its cage, what he didn’t expect was that the tiger would want to go back in.Steve shifted a little between them, drawing Barnes further into the room. “Buck, this is Tony Stark, Howard’s son.” He shot Tony a little apologetic glance, but Tony shook it off and held a hand out towards Barnes.“Hi. Welcome.” Bucky’s gaze settled on Tony and he stepped forward, shaking Tony’s hand with his flesh one. Tony was dying to get a look at the other one, but he kept it tucked against his side. All Tony knew was that it was metal and “incredible” as Steve had said on the phone.Bucky’s eyes flicked to Steve’s, clearly waiting for a cue. It made Tony breathe out a silent sigh of relief. As long as he was willing to turn to Steve when he wasn’t sure, everything would be okay. He knew it wouldn’t be easy - you don’t come out of what Barnes had been through 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pining
Love Triangles
Unrequited Love
Complicated Relationships
Tony's Metal Arm Kink
secret feelings
Happy Ending
Falling In Love
Friends to Lovers
Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

