Work Text:
“Tony said this would be fun,” Steve mutters as he takes a sip of tepid white wine. It’s something fancy from California, though Steve doesn’t have much of a taste for wine. Sarah Rogers didn’t keep wine in her house, and even after Prohibition was repealed and Steve could go out, he’d never choose wine over a beer or whisky. He drank some wine while he was in Europe, but mostly because the Howlies would be so excited for a night off and a decent buzz, and it seemed a shame not to join it. Steve would drink with them, but more enjoyed their company than the actual flavor of the wine. Now, he’s just drinking to have something to do. He never understood how people could become wine connoisseurs; it just tastes like spoiled grape juice to him.“This is fun for him,” Maria Hill says, watching Tony as he twirls Pepper Potts on the dance floor. They laugh and Tony hams it up for the crowd. More than one diplomat rolls their eyes at him.Steve sighs, takes another sip of his wine. “When does this end?” he asks.“A better question would be when can you gracefully slip out without anyone asking questions, and the answer to that would be… not for a while.” Maria nudges his arm. “Perk up, Rogers. A royal wedding is the social event of the century. Be glad you’re here.”And there we go. ‘Be glad’ she says. They all say that he should be glad. When he watches the bride and groom — Princess Rebecca Harry Osborn — dance, he tries to feel glad. He mostly just feels uncomfortable.“This won’t be the only royal wedding this century, right? Isn’t there a prince?” Steve asks.Maria snorts. “Prince James? Doubt that’ll happen any time soon.”“Is he a kid?” Steve asks. He knows he should know more about the royal family, but between coming back from the dead and aliens attacking New York, the past few weeks have been busy. Even with the wedding, Steve barely had the time to look up who the Princess and her new husband were, let alone their extended families.“He’s in his twenties, kind of a heartthrob. Doesn’t seem to keen on settling down… A lot of rumors about that.”“And it’s your job to know the rumors?” Steve asks.She laughs. “To an extent. I was in his protection detail once for a trip out of the country. He’s a nice guy.”“Even if he’s a heartthrob?” Steve asks, raising his eyebrows.“Just you wait, Captain. I’ll be the one laughing when you’re named  People ’s Hottest Man of the Year.”“People ’s?” Steve asks.“A tabloid,” Maria explains. “They’re already obsessed with you, almost as much as they are with Prince James. It’s only a matter of time.”“Great,” Steve says.“Buck up,” Maria says, patting Steve’s shoulder as she stands up. “And enjoy the open bar, courtesy of United States taxpayers. It’s my hard earned dollars going into your glass.”“Where’re you going?” Steve asks, hoping he doesn’t sound as lost and desperate as he feels.“There’s a senator I need to talk to,” she says.“Please tell me this isn’t about work.”Hill just smiles.“Stay safe,” Steve says, slumping back in his chair. “And don’t do anything that’ll get us kicked out,” he adds, though he really means the opposite. Any excuse to get out of here. She just rolls her eyes at him, and he watches as she disappears into the crowd.He lasts about five minutes, steadily avoiding eye contact with people who look like they’d like to come over to introduce themselves — and who he is sure he should know, but doesn’t — and finishing his glass of wine before he decides that he needs some air. It’s not difficult to get onto the grounds; there’s increased security, but there are a few other people out there smoking or chatting, talking on their phone. One couple kisses quietly in a corner; he stays clear from them. Steve keeps his head down and just goes as far as he can without security barking at him.He’s been leaning against a garden fence for a few minutes, hands in his suit pockets, when someone comes stumbling over.“Shit!” the guy exclaims, tripping over his own feet as he tries to slow down.“Woah there!” Steve says, reaching forward and catching the guy before he falls to the ground. “You okay?”The guy looks up, blue eyes bloodshot and wet. “Thanks,” he says, straightening up. “I wasn’t expecting anyone to be here.” He sniffs, and digs in his pocket for a handkerchief. “This is embarrassing,” he adds, with a laugh, then blows his nose.“Believe me, I’ve walked out of parties crying, bleeding, screaming, all sorts of things. I’m not one to judge.”The guy snorts. “Thanks,” he says. He takes a deep breath, exhaling audibly. “This isn’t a popular spot.”“Huh?”“That’s why I came over here. There’s not usually…” He gestures around the bushes. “People. That’s the word I’m looking for: people.”“You want me to go?” Steve asks. “It wouldn’t be a problem.”“Nah,” the guy says. “I’m the interloper here.”“Well, if it makes you feel any better, I’m not having a great time tonight, either.”“Honestly, it doesn’t,” he says, wiping at his eyes with the corner of his handkerchief. “But I a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Royalty
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Modern Era
Modern Royalty
Shrunkyclunks
Cap!Steve Modern!Bucky
Royal Wedding
Fandom Trumps Hate
Post-Avengers (2012)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

