Work Text:
The first thing he sees, when he opens his eyes, is a dame. She’s tall, taller than he is by a few inches, with glowing green eyes. Literally. Her eyes glow until he feels like he’s falling into a bottomless pit of green, but it’s not scary. If anything, he feels like he’s at peace for the first time in a very long time. Nothing hurts and no one’s afraid and the green feels like it’s inviting cooperation, not demanding it. He gives in gladly, opening up so that the green can run through the burnt paths of his mind.
Yes, mortal. Be not afraid. I am not here to harm you at this time.
It’s a warning as much as a comfort, and so he is not at all surprised to be faced with Tony Stark the next time he comes to. The woman is standing to Stark’s right, arms crossed. They’re both staring at him. He stares back, at once bewildered but calm. Neither one of them feels like a threat, and, since he’s still confined to the cryogenic pod, he can’t hurt them either.“Barnes,” Stark says finally. His voice is muffled by the glass. “You with us?”He nods.“I told you,” the woman says. She locks eyes with him – her eyes are no longer glowing – and opens her mouth. He panics when he recognizes the code words, spoken in flawless Russian, that always foretell the Winter Soldier; he’s hurt so many people and he doesn’t want to hurt anyone else. Panic sweeps up his throat and makes it difficult to breathe: his heart beat pounds until it’s all he can hear. He waits, waits for the blank iciness to sweep over his mind and wash away every pathetic scrap of self-awareness that he’s managed to claw out of Hydra’s grasp – It doesn’t come.When nothing happens for several seconds, he slowly realizes that he’s so tense his jaw aches. His nails have sliced into his palm. Blood drips from his fist. But he’s awake and aware. He hasn't fallen into the cold, murderous rage. He looks at the two of them in astonishment, hardly daring to believe, and is greeted by two satisfied grins. “Congratulations. You’re officially no one’s puppet,” Stark says in Russian, then switches over to English. “If you promise not to punch me, I’ll let you out.”He’s nodding before he processes that may not be a wise idea; the woman touches the lock and it melts away seamlessly, allowing the glass to be lifted. Stark shoots his companion a glare. “Was that necessary, Loki?”“He’s out. What more do you want?”“Not having to foot yet another bill would be a start.”“You’re very high maintenance.”“I’m high maintenance, Mr. ‘my childhood home had gold floors’?!”He takes a step out, ignoring their squabbling. The air is humid, especially after the coolness of the pod. His skin flushes and he begins to sweat immediately. His throat is painfully dry, even though his mouth tastes oddly sweet: like coconut, or maybe mango. He’s not sure how he knows what those two tastes are. He can’t remember trying either fruit.“I’m just saying, I also slept upon gold sheets,” Loki says primly. She smirks when Stark groans, and then winks at him like they’re sharing a private joke. Stark’s whole face softens to the point where he has to hide a grin.“Gold sheets would be ludicrously uncomfortable, Babe. Admit it, you like my sheets more.”“Only because you’re in them.”Stark leers at her. “I can be in them all the time.”“Um,” he says, and they both go quiet and look at him. The renewed intensity is terrifying and he unwittingly staggers back a step, nearly ending up on his ass. He’s only saved because Stark grabs his arm.“Come on, Bambi. Sit down before you fall down.”“My name isn’t Bambi.”“I know it isn’t –” Stark stops abruptly, eyes narrowed, then blows his breath out in frustration. “James. I’m not calling you ‘Bucky’.”“James,” he agrees, voice croaky and hoarse, because it’s as good a name as any when his thoughts still feel muddled and the ground feels like it’s shifting underneath his feet. He doesn’t remember having this much difficulty after Hydra unfroze him, but then again they offered considerably more incentive to start moving quickly: none of his handlers hesitated to punish.James sits in the proffered chair. “Could you…” Stark wiggles his fingers at Loki. “A drink?”“I’m not your maid,” she sniffs, but her fingertips go green and a glass of water appears in Stark’s hand.“Drink this.” Stark shoves the glass into his hands, and then, while he drinks, adds, “So, Rogers doesn’t know we’re here. I’d like to keep it that way, especially in regards to my boyfriend. T’Challa says you’re welcome to stay here while you’re recuperating. Alternately, I have plans in the works to grant you admittance back into the U.S. When that goes through, because I’m me so of course it will, you also have the option of coming back with us.”“Your boyfriend?” James repeats blankly.“That’s what you got out of what I just said?” Stark complains.“Well, of course. I am the most attractive thing here.” Loki does a little shimmer. The air seems to shift around her; when it settles, a man looks back at James and s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
not for those who like team cap
P.O.V. Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki Needs a Hug
steve has control issues
you can't control everything steve
bucky needs to make his own decisions
tony is not complacent in team cap's stupidity
bucky barnes deserves happiness
Tony Stark deserves happiness
Established Relationship
FrostIron - Freeform
Angst and Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
or I could consider it a happy ending
but I am bitter and salty at team cap
so my judgement is biased
steve rogers is arrogant
steve rogers has control issues
it's super frustrating
Protective Loki
Protective Tony Stark
Magic
bucky is freeing of brainwashing
suck it steve

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

