Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Tony showed up in the garage a little more than five minutes early, Happy found himself feeling sort of impressed. His boss hated these monthly company-wide status reports. A day full of meetings with people he didn’t like (or respect, half the time) wasn’t high on his list of priorities. They’d been late or absent altogether for reasons ranging from the plausible to the absurd. And yeah, Tony’d been trying harder lately for the sake of Pepper’s blood pressure… but that didn’t translate to being early. Boundaries 
Trying harder for Tony when it came to meetings meant being only half an hour late and arriving with offerings of coffee and donuts as an apology. Yet there his boss was, stepping out of the elevator early, fully dressed and even smiling.
Happy didn’t like it.
Since he couldn’t do anything about it though, he just gave his boss and friend a smile in return. “Hey boss. Beautiful morning, isn’t it?”
“Uh… wrong. Mornings are never beautiful when I see them from this side of sunrise. It isn’t a shitty morning though, so I’ll take it. Here.” Happy hadn’t noticed the brown paper bag (and where the hell had those come from?) in Tony’s hand until he was holding it out to take. Feeling highly suspicious verging on concerned, he did just that and peeked inside… only to find what looked like freshly baked muffins. “James said I had to share. I ate three on the way down so you get the rest. Unless you’re not a fan of blueberries-”
Happy yanked the bag out of Tony’s reach, scowling at him. “I like blueberries just fine. Tell James I said thanks for making you share. Otherwise I’d only have even seen one, and you’d have been eating it as you got in the car.”
“I would like that comment stricken from the record on account of how close to the truth it was.”
“You seem pretty perky for a morning that’s only ‘not shitty’. You have a lot of coffee already?”
“I wish. That reminds me - we need to stop by that little coffee place I like real quick. James said I was running too late to have… a cup… upstairs…” Tony trailed off, probably because of the look of surprise Happy knew he was wearing. He wasn’t able to school his expression fast enough, and now Tony was the one scowling. “I’m not late at all, am I?”
“No.”
“How early?”
“Five minutes.”
“Fri-baby, you are a dirty rotten traitor.” Sometimes Happy missed the sound of JARVIS’ voice, but FRIDAY was growing on him. Enough that he didn’t grimace anymore when he heard her, anyway.
“Sorry Boss. We were just trying to look after you.”
“‘We’?”
“Oh yeah, Hap. ‘We’. Because maybe Fri was the one who changed all my clocks and alarms - which means I have to get a fucking analog watch to wear all the time like I’m living in the stone age - but she was not the mastermind. That was James, who lied to my face and had the nerve to look all concerned and worried about how I’d get anything for breakfast when I was running so late but just so happened to have been baking this morning. Wasn’t I so lucky.”
“Actually we worked on the plan together Boss. The muffins were my idea.”
Happy couldn’t help but laugh at the sour look on Tony’s face. It was pretty hard to outmaneuver the man, but trust his own AI and the assassin-turned-houseguest to manage it. His boss wasn’t actually mad about it, he was pretty sure, which meant he was allowed to find it funny. Just to get under Tony’s skin a little, he fished one of his muffins out and began to eat it with exaggerated sounds of enjoyment.
“You’re all fired!” Tony declared as he threw his hands up. “You’re all fired and I’m going to go hire people who don't mock me and will treat me with the respect I deserve.”
“Boss, Sergeant Barnes doesn’t work for you, I’m afraid, though you could ask him to move instead. And as none of your other AIs are capable of managing both the suits and your home, you might want to keep me around too.”
“And I technically work for Pepper now. Good luck getting her to fire me.”
“I hate all of you.”
“It’s good for you - keeps you on your toes. Since you never get in the ring with me anymore, it’s important you get that kind of stimulation somewhere.”
“I need you to never put it that way again.”
“You’re the boss.” Happy polished off the muffin - and it was pretty good, even if he wished it had some of that crumbly stuff on the top - then jerked his thumb toward the car. “Can we get going? If we leave now we could still be right on time.”
“No. We’re going to stand here for ten, maybe fifteen minutes until I’m as late as I wanted to be. Then we’re going to go get me coffee, and then we’ll get to the meetings.”
“Boss…” Happy thought it was kind of creepy that he and FRIDAY had spoken in concert and almost the exact same tone of voice. He didn’t mention it though, because Tony could get awful funny about his fancy computer voices. Since Tony Stark was an immovable object who’d never met an unstoppable force he couldn’t trip up, Happy leaned back against the car and resigned himself to waiting. The
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Friday

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
POV Happy Hogan
Steve Rogers critical
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Happy Doesn't Like the Old Avengers
Or James
Or FRIDAY
Or Tony Being Early
Developing Relationship
Setting Boundaries
Decisions Are Hard
Ice Cream Fixes Everything

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Friday

