Work Text:
1.It's only a couple days after Bucky moves into Steve's suite at the tower that Pepper visits with some real estate listings."Steve hasn't really settled in any the places he's lived since we've known him," she says, tapping at a StarkPad, "but now that you're back we thought you two might like a place of your own." Her smile is warm and unwavering, and Bucky finds himself unexpectedly smiling back.If it were Stark, Bucky would say something cutting about having been kicked out of better places in his time, but he can understand why Pepper wouldn't feel safe with him in her home, so he just nods and lets her walk him through computer simulations of various apartments in Brooklyn. "We thought you might like a familiar neighborhood," is how she puts it. "I'll leave this with you," she says when she's done, tapping the tablet, which has gone dark, "so you and Steve can discuss what you want to do.""Thanks," he answers, equal parts charmed and bemused. He can see why she runs both Stark and Stark Industries, and why the other Avengers often defer to her, Steve included."We just want you to be happy," she says and gives him a peck on the cheek (he pretends not to be flustered) before she's off to do whatever it is CEOs do these days.When Steve comes home, he's just as bemused as Bucky by the whole thing, but he sits down on the couch, arm and thigh pressed warmly against Bucky's, and listens attentively when Bucky repeats the presentation. With Jarvis's help, they suddenly have a real estate broker and appointments to see three apartments in the next three days.*2.Bucky's running late after a day clogged with stupid SHIELD briefings, and agents who think they can prove something by giving him a hard time about paperwork. He gets to the brownstone to find Steve laughing with the real estate broker, who tosses her hair and puts a hand on his forearm. Bucky swallows down his annoyance--he knows he has no right to be jealous, but he likes it best when he's the one who makes Steve laugh. Always has. He pushes that down, too, and forces himself to smile. "Sorry I'm late."Steve swings around to face him, his smile widening in a way that makes his whole face light up. Some of the tightness in Bucky's chest eases. "I was starting to worry they were going to keep you at the office all night." Bucky rolls his eyes. "Bureaucrats." He's not sure how much the broker knows--she works for Pepper, which means she probably knows who Steve is, but if they're going to pretend and play just folks, Bucky's perfectly okay with that. "You didn't have to wait for me.""I insisted," Steve says. "It's going to be your home too, after all."Bucky smiles at him, for real this time, basking in Steve's attention. "If I may," the realtor interrupts, climbing the stoop and tipping her head to indicate they should follow. "There's a laundry room and a gym in the basement, and the top floor has been turned into a studio. You should see the light in the mornings. It's gorgeous."Bucky remembers Pepper mentioning that--it's why this building is on the list--and even at night, he can tell the place is perfect for Steve. A crescent moon hangs overhead, looking close enough to touch, and Bucky can only imagine what it'll look like flooded with morning sunlight while Steve hunches over his drafting table. Steve gives him a brief, almost imperceptible nod, and Bucky knows that unless there's a major issue with the plumbing, this is the place they're going to live. Which means the rest of the walk-through is anticlimactic. There's a kitchen and a couple of bedrooms and a claw-footed bathtub the broker can't stop enthusing about, and she only stutters to a halt when she gets to the "pre-war molding" part of the spiel and they both laugh. "We'll take it," Steve says, easing her awkwardness, and she smiles warmly at him."I'm sure you'll be very happy here."Steve bumps his arm against Bucky's. "Me, too."*3."What about this one?" Bucky says, tapping the bed with his right hand. It's got some kind of curlicued brass pipe headboard, the kind of thing he remembers vaguely from his parents' bed in the hazy days before the orphanage."Not sturdy enough," Natasha replies before Steve can answer.Bucky gives Steve a quick once-over and he smiles sheepishly and shrugs. "Okay, did this lug break a bed or something? Because he did it a few times back at base during the war. Didn't know his own strength." Steve's blushing, which makes Bucky grin fondly at him.Natasha's giving Steve a considering glance now and Clint just looks impressed. "I don't even know why I'm here," he'd said when Steve had grabbed Bucky and Bucky had grabbed Natasha on the way to the furniture store. Now he looks like Bucky's just handed him a prize. "I think you just won me some cash," he says to Bucky and it's Bucky's turn to shrug."Is Stark the one paying out?""Yeah.""Well, okay then. I won't even ask for a percentage."Natasha also nixes the wrought iron frame as not sturdy enough, and th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Everyone Thinks They're Together
Oblivious
Pining
Moving In Together
Best Friends
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

