Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was against his better judgement that Peter agreed to team up with the Avengers.It’s always against his better judgement, but the cash they give him for helping is always too enticing. That money could pay for a month’s rent, or stock his fridge for the next ten weeks. It could cover the cost of repairing damage to his laptop, or mending his suit, or taking Aunt May out for a nice dinner.So now he’s here, in the damp, tick-infested forests of upstate New York. Along with him, The Avengers have also enlisted the help of Deadpool, and they all approach a massive but dilapidated log cabin nestled inside a clearing of trees in the woods.According to Avengers intel, there’s a man living in this log cabin who is creating technology that mimics certain mutant abilities. Of course, this poses a massive danger to the city, and Tony requested as much help as he could get, because nobody knew how big the threat was.Scott Lang was out of town, Cage was laying low, and everyone else refused to work short notice about a situation they weren’t well-informed about. Which left Peter and Wade as the stragglers.The two men have a sort of… compatibility that is entirely unfounded, and thoroughly surprising to Peter. Deadpool has an astonishing modicum of respect for Spider-Man. They have a shared knowledge of obscure references, and their banter comes unnervingly easy to Peter. After a while, Peter even started tolerating him.Falcon and Stark are circling the air nearby, Nat and Clint are taking the front, Steve and Rhodey are moving in from the back, and Peter and Wade are approaching from the left side of the sizeable cabin, the only side with a window.“Alright, team…” Steve’s confident voice says clearly in their ear pieces. Peter scrunches his nose and ducks his head uncomfortably; his senses aren’t used to noise like that. “We have no idea how many people are inside. We could be outnumbered. So we’ve got to be quiet.”“Tell that to Wade.” Peter says lowly.Wade, beside him, stops his humming petulantly. “Webs, it’s not my fault you don’t know The Brady Bunch theme song. We could be having a duet right now.”“Spider-Man is right, Wade. Be quieter.” Tony says, which Peter relishes, because Tony hardly ever audibly admits someone is right.Wade quietly mocks this, elbowing Peter in the ribs. Peter elbows him back. “Don’t be a baby.”“Oh, really, Web-Head? Wanna go there? How old are you, even?” Wade hisses, and Peter grits his teeth and rolls his eyes. “I’m twenty, Old Man.”Wade sucks in a breath and clutches his heart in mock offense.In a muffled voice, clearly speaking to Natasha, Clint mumbles, “Who thought it was a good idea to pair two-thirds of Team Red together? We know they need Daredevil to balance them out.”There’s the sound of someone clearing their voice through the comm, and then Tony mutters, “That was my bad.”Before their bickering can be resolved, loud gunfire rings out, echoing somewhere nearby. Windows shatter and thunderous booms resonate under their feet. Wade instantly has a hand clamped on Peter’s neck, shoving him into a crouched position.“Everybody, either get inside or hide. Whatever’s safer until this calms down.” Tony says briskly through their comms.With the gunfire ringing louder, Peter moves to slip into the cabin through the nearby window, but his Spidey Senses send a sharp tingle through his spine and he and Wade scramble under the elevated porch of the cabin. In mere seconds, another boom goes off, right where they had been standing.Wade shoves him further under the cabin’s porch until they’re both in the center, and then it’s… eerily muted. The sound of gunshots and shells hitting the ground is lessened, and they can hear the ricocheting bullets hit the wood of the deck. Wood splinters sprinkle like confetti down on them, making Wade chuff and sneeze under his mask. Peter scrunched his face up distastefully and swatted wood chips away.“Stay in there!” Tony yells through their ear pieces, and they can hear the faint echo of gun shots through the mic and in the distance.“What!” Peter hisses. “Tony, you asked us to come here! This isn't -”“That is an order, son.” Captain America stays sternly, and Peter groans. How could he argue with the personification of bravery and unity?“Ah, geez. The geriatric is making us stay?” Wade asks. “If it were Tony, I would have disregarded him. But Cap?” Wade blows out a resigned breath, shaking his head.Peter splutters, looking at Wade in the dark. Wade is always the first to question authority. He should've known the mercenary had a crush on Steve Rogers.“But we are hours outside the city! Do you just want us to stay here?” Peter asks, breathing heavily. Wade is humming, and seems entirely at ease about all of this.“Spider-Man…” Tony says with great effort, and he hears more gunfire, “this guy wants to take mutants and mutates to experiment on them for his technology. He will torture you both, and he does want both of you.”Peter hesita
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Angst
Flirting
Awkward Flirting
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Deadpool being Deadpool
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Humor
Protective Avengers
Wade Has Issues
Action/Adventure
Canon-Typical Violence
Romance
Scars
Secret Identity
Feelings
Immortality
Avengers Family
The Author Regrets Nothing
Tropes

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

