Chapter 1: Whiskey Lullaby
    


Notes:
Chapter titles for Tony will be pulled from the song "Whiskey Lullaby" by Brad Paisley featuring Alison Krauss. Hear it here.Chapter titles for Phil will be pulled from "I'm Coming Home" by Diddy - Dirty Monkey, and Skylar Grey. Hear it here.




Chapter Text
Clint stared down at his shawarma, mechanically taking a bite in the silence. The other Avengers looked tired, worn. Coulson was gone, the Helicarrier nearly crashed, New York in shambles...Coulson was gone. He stood abruptly. "Shit - I have to go.""What? We just saved NY. We get to take a day." Tony's voice was exhausted, empty, nothing like the billionaire genius had been described."I made a promise, and it's time to pay up." Clint replied, weary. Natasha stood too. "We made a promise."

"Shit, Coulson, don't go dying on me now, we're so close -"

"Barton -"

"Shut up, idiot, keep breathing -"

"Barton!" Clint stilled, hands pressing down on the bleeding bullet wound, in the abdomen, Coulson had lost too much blood. "Promise me. If I don't live, make sure my cellist doesn't do something stupid. Make sure he doesn't play sad music for as long as he did before." Clint blinked. His cellist? Sad music? What?  "Promise me, Barton."

"We promise, sir." Natasha. "But it won't be necessary."

Coulson nodded faintly before passing out. Med evac was only a minute out. Coulson would make it. He had to.

Clint and Natasha didn't know how to cheer up a cellist.

They scoured the SHIELD mainframe, but found nothing. Fury was watching, but didn't try to stop them. Within two weeks he got annoyed about the system being overloaded and drew them aside."You won't find him here. Coulson was too careful.""With all due respect sir, we don't have anywhere else to look." And Clint knew Fury wouldn't give up the information."I suggest you start with Ms. Potts."Clint and Natasha shared a startled glance. Looked like they'd be taking Tony up on his offer of rooms at the Tower after all.
Pepper capped her pen and gave the two agents in front of her her full attention. "The cellist.""Yeah.""Why are you looking?" Pepper's eyes were sharp."A couple years back an op went bad. Budapest." Clint said. "We promised that if he ever didn't make it back, we'd find the cellist and make sure he didn't do something stupid.""I can't tell you. But he's not far. And it's a bit late to stop him from doing something stupid." Her voice was sad. "He's as well as can be expected."
They assumed that meant the cellist was in the Tower. It didn't surprise them as much as it would have Before; Tony was a generous man, and he had certainly admired Phil. So Clint watched. He watched Steve and Thor bond over mutual confusion, watched Natasha search the tower, watched Tony, who always looked exhausted and worn and nothing like his file. He was a little worried for the genius, who had gotten thinner and spent more and more time in the shop and less and less time sleeping.After another two weeks, he didn't just watch. He saw. Or, more accurately, he heard.He was wandering around aimlessly in the vents when the soft strains of 'Whiskey Lullaby' drifted through the echoing space. It was hesitant, shaky, like the musician's gulping sobs were singing through polished wood. Unlike the usual guitar, though, this song was played in the low, lovely strains of the cello. Clint followed the sound until he arrived in the ceiling above a space he'd been in before. It was large, open, and a magnificent piano stood in one corner. But that wasn't what drew his eye.A chair was set in a corner of the room near the piano, facing out over the city. Quick, practiced fingers slid, shaking, across the strings. An open bottle of whiskey, nearly empty, stood on the piano's polished surface with a shattered shot glass and thin metal on a chain. A husky voice he recognized drew his eyes back to Tony's weathered face."...with a note that says I'll love her till I die..." Tony's voice cracked, "...And when we buried him beneath the willow, the angels sang a whiskey lullaby..." and he took a breath, letting the cello sing for him.Clint slipped out of the vents, and the sound stopped. "What?" Tony asked."I didn't know you played cello.""My mother was Italian. She loved the strings, so I learned them all, but I fell in love with the cello."
"Lets wrap this up - my cellist is making Italian for dinner."

"Thought you only liked the genuine stuff." They were in Bermuda, tracking a ring of smugglers dealing in Stark weaponry, and it was quiet, for the moment.

"His mother was Italian. She didn't only teach him to love the strings."
"You know that promise Tasha and I made?""What about it?""We made it during one of the most miserable ops I've ever been on. We were in Budapest - Coulson was our handler, and for a while we weren't sure if he'd make it." Tony was as still as a statue, tense as a taught bowstring, hovering between flight or fight or surrender. "He made us promise him that if he didn't - if he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Thor & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Jarvis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Grief
Temporary Character Death
Established Relationship
Budapest
Team as Family
The Cellist - Freeform
Music
Love
Friendship
Recovery
Loss
Tony Feels
supportive team
Angst
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Fix-It
Whiskey Lullaby
I'm Coming Home
Sleep
Insomnia
try not to cry
I failed at that bit
My keyboard's all wet and salty
may be out of character
Nighmares
Dreams
dreams as nightmares
memories as nightmares
Mourning
Jarvis is BAMF
Protective Avengers
Pheels
Iron Taser
Nick Fury Lies
Team Bonding
Sort of a Songfic
Rare Pairings

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Thor & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Jarvis & Tony Stark

