Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint’s still towelling his hair dry from his post-workout shower when his cell phone buzzes. He slings the damp towel around his neck, tugging on a pair of boxer briefs before ambling over to the living room and snagging it from its resting place on the coffee table.
Pick a corner. 15 minutes. – Phil
A hot thrill rolls through him at the words, a wide grin blooming on his face, and he has to re-type his reply (“Yes, sir.”) three times so that the text doesn’t resemble a giant keyboard smash, his thumbs clumsy against the touchpad as he navigates around the furniture in the living room without glancing up from his inbox, making a beeline for the most spacious corner in the room. He hits ‘send’, his bottom lip caught between his teeth, eyes fixed on the screen as he shuffles his feet closer to the wall and tucks his forehead into the triangular point, head bent over his phone. There’s only a brief pause (wrought with nervous tension and anticipation), before the device buzzes a second time.
Good boy. 
And that’s all it takes. Two words and he’s already sinking into the hazy warmth and security of his own headspace, heat thrumming beneath the surface of his skin and pulsing in sync with his heartbeat.Fuck. It looks like he’s going to drop fast tonight.And it’s no surprise really. With Phil having been away liaising with S.H.I.E.L.D. Japan for the past eleven days and Clint officially on leave from active duty (barring an international emergency) until his broken fingers have had a chance to heal, it’s been a difficult couple of weeks. The archer would probably have gone stir crazy a long time ago if not for their nightly vid-cam chats, Phil’s voice a familiar, soothing rumble through the speakers as Clint knelt on the bed and touched himself as instructed, flushed and sweating and desperate. But still, video calls aren’t a patch on the real thing. He misses Phil more than he thought possible; craves the man’s touch like he’s been starved of it for months. He can’t help it; the agent’s addictive.He tries to stay still in the corner, tries to centre himself and focus on letting himself sink down further, but the anticipation is too much, and he finds himself re-reading the texts just to experience that warm burst in his chest at the ‘good boy’, hearing the words spoken in Phil’s dulcet tones, love and command and amusement and affection all wrapped up seamlessly into that one phrase. He’s grinning like an idiot again before he can help it, but it’s not like anyone’s here to see it, except the tropical fish in the wall-mounted tank. He can grin all he wants.The fifteen minutes seem to crawl by unfairly slowly, and he has to force himself to put the phone down on the floor to keep himself from texting Phil again, pressing his hands against the wall either side of the corner and pressing his forehead against the cool, painted plaster, toes curling against the plush carpet beneath his feet. He usually loathes corner-time with a passion (Phil often uses it as a method of discipline for that very reason, as Clint tends to be squirming in place after only five minutes), but there’s something different to it in these situations, when Phil’s not there to supervise him, when his partner’s trusting him to stay put because he believes that Clint can. And it’s that distinction that tips the scale between pleasure and torment, making him half-hard where he stands just from the knowledge that Phil wants him here, that he’s obeying his Dom, that Phil will be home any minute now with his warmth and his presence and his fucking amazing hands, and it’s going to be everything Clint wants and needs.With his characteristic display of impeccable timing, the latch on the front door clicks, the soft ‘beep’ of the security port that means the new arrival has passed both the fingerprint recognition and the retina imaging scans to disable the automatic magnetic seal. Given that there are only two people to whom Phil has granted total access to his apartment, other than Clint - one of them being a Russian badass who is currently located somewhere in Paris on an espionage mission, the other being Nick Fury, who would likely only visit in the event of Phil’s sudden demise – that really only leaves the apartment owner himself.So rather than turning around, Clint forces himself to go still, keeping his hands pressed against the wall and his head bowed, his breathing slow and controlled.Behind him, he hears slow, measured footsteps approaching, barely a whisper of noise against the plush carpet but loud in the otherwise silent room. He feels the heat of another body behind him and his heartbeat rockets up, dancing a samba in his chest, and it’s all he can do not to sink immediately to his knees and beg to be fucked when Phil’s warm, gentle hand strokes down from the nape of his neck to his tailbone.“Good boy,” the older man murmurs, breath warm against his ear as the fabric of his suit brushes against Clint’s side, an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dom/sub
BDSM
Established Relationship
Subspace
Subdrop
Dom Phil Coulson
Sub Clint Barton
Restraints
Porn With Plot
Needy Clint
corner time
Spanking
Discipline
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Smut
Aftercare
Cuddles
D/s

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

