Work Text:
“Wait, never?” Foggy repeats. “Never never? Never ever?” Matt shrugs. “Never.”“Okay, but kind of never, or really never?”“I don’t think there’s such a category as ‘somewhat never.’ It’s all or nothing.”“Oh, don’t you get pedantic with me, Murdock,” Foggy scolds, and Matt hides a smile, because they’ve only lived together for two months, but he already knows that Foggy thinks it’s funny when he’s pedantic. “There is a big difference between locking your virtue away in a tower and…and swinging from the rafters of an orgy every night.”“Well, you and I are very different people,” Matt says placidly, and grins when Foggy chokes on a laugh. “Honestly, it’s really not that big a deal.”“Only someone who’s never had an orgasm would say that orgasms are not big a deal,” Foggy retorts. “I mean, how old were you when decided that Jesus wanted you to be sad forever?”“Not forever, just until marriage,” Matt corrects. “And I was eleven.”“So you…what, just never jerked off?” Foggy asks. “Not once, all through puberty?”“Not once.”“What about wet dreams?”Matt feels his cheeks heat up. “What?”“Wet dreams? You know, nocturnal emissions? When you’re dreaming about something sexy and you just…”“No, no, I know what they are,” Matt says. “I just, um, I didn’t…” Didn’t ever consider having to have this conversation. “It’s not your fault if you don’t…do anything to make it happen. It’s about not committing a sexual sin against oneself, not completely ignoring biology.”“I don’t know, man, it sounds a bit like ignoring biology to me,” Foggy says. “I couldn’t go two days without jerking off, I’d explode.”Matt knows, but he doesn’t think now’s the right time to tell Foggy that Matt can hear him in the bathroom, or at night when he thinks Matt’s asleep. He pushes away the memory of Foggy’s bitten-off breathing and shrugs. “It’s not for everyone.”“That’s putting it mildly,” Foggy says. “Don’t you ever wonder, though?”Matt thinks about those bitten-off breaths again. “I’ll find out eventually.”Foggy stands up and pats Matt on the shoulder. “You’re a stronger man that I am, Murdock. Let me know if you ever change your mind and want to try some sexual sinning sooner rather than later.”Matt’s mouth hangs open.“I’m sure Marci can introduce you to someone,” Foggy continues blithely. “I’m headed to the coffee shop, can I get you anything?”“Nope. Nope, I’m good,” Matt says, a little strangled, as Foggy shrugs into his jacket. “See you later, buddy.”The door closes. Matt shifts uncomfortably in his seat.He made a vow, damn it.**It’s got to be a direct test from God that a few days later, a dream about sitting in class with Foggy goes kind of sideways into the sound of Foggy’s laughter in his ear, Matt’s hands on his face, their bodies warm and pressed together and sweat and Foggy’s heart racing and the noises Foggy makes in the middle of the night and–And Matt’s boxers are damp and sticking to him when he wakes up, gasping for air, curling his fingers in his sheets while everything–settles down. Great. Great.He lies there for a long time listening to Foggy snoring before he decides that the temptation’s died down enough that he can get up and change, guiltily shoving the boxers deep into his laundry bag.When he’s climbing back into bed, Foggy stirs with a yawn and asks, “You okay, buddy?”Matt freezes like he’s been caught in the act. The act of what, he’s not sure. Dream lusting? Hidden impure impulses? Unconscious gay thoughts?“Fine!” he says, a little too loudly, then immediately dives to hide under his sheets. Foggy snorts softly and falls back asleep a few seconds later, leaving Matt to justify some things to himself. It wasn’t his fault that it happened, after all, and it would only be a problem if he was consciously thinking about Foggy’s body and what exactly it could do with his own body and whether Foggy would make the same noises that he makes when he’s touching himself if Matt was the one–Matt’s dick stirs in his clean boxers.He should maybe pray about this.**Matt comes back from church, his knees stiff from the kneeler and his fingertips tingling from the rosary beads passing through them over and over, and he feels just about in control enough to take Foggy up on that trip to Central Park he’s been bugging Matt about for days.“It is such a gorgeous day,” Foggy says, with a fervency and lust for life that Matt can’t help but smile. “Birds, toddlers running aroundcareful–aw, there’s even a wedding over there.”Matt wrings his cane in both hands. The justice of the peace says, “I now pronounce you married,” and there’s uproarious laughter and applause as the couple throw their arms around each other.“Wow, what a kiss,” Foggy remarks as they pass, “someone’s going to have a hell of a wedding night.”Matt trips directly over his own feet and almost eats gravel path. Thankfully, Foggy catches him around the waist and hauls him up.“Holy crap, Matt, you ok? I’m going to write a strongly worded letter about these uneven paths.”Because 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Catholic Guilt
Fluff and Smut
First Love
Friends to Lovers
Abstinence
Loss of Virginity

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

