Chapter 1: You Gotta Start Somewhere
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark had it all. A hot , supportive girlfriend, fame, friends, and all the money he could ever need. Why would he ever change this? He wouldn't. No, his life was fine the way it was. He wasn't gonna go and mess with a good thing. Or so he thought.
Tony would never admit it, but he had a hard time leaving things be. There was always one thing to fix, or to add on. He could make it better, stronger, flashier. That's just who he was. So it figures that in his perfect life, he could find one more thing to add…

Peter Parker had nothing. And it was all his fault. Why did everyone he love have to die? Wait. No, it wasn't Peter's fault. It was Spiderman's.
At first, the spiderbite was a dream come true. Flash would never bother him again, he would be the most popular kid in school, and the entire world would know his name! But then Uncle Ben died. He had learned responsibility in the harshest way. He had discovered a few years back that he couldn't even recall what his parents looked like! Aunt May had been the only one left and now… it was all his fault. Before the bite, it wasn't his responsibility, but now… he should have been there.
That was who Peter was. He had nothing, but he was still endlessly giving. He would give you the shirt off his back if you needed it. But the one thing he would never share is blame. He should have been there...

The day had started so normally. Well, as normally as a day usually is for Tony Stark. He had woken up in his luxury penthouse apartment with the sun streaming in from the floor-to-ceiling windows of his room. But it was quiet. Too quiet.
He would usually wake up to sound of one of the other residents of his tower, mostly with arguing involved. Or from one of Clint's stupid pranks. He still remembered painfully the day he had crawled into the air vents, making bird calls at random times, and throwing eggs at everyone but Nat. Of course, it wasn't really anything out of the ordinary to find Clint in the vents, but you usually couldn't tell he was there.
But today the team was out, doing their own thing. Steve had left early that morning to train, though Tony didn't know why. The man was already in perfect shape. Natasha and Clint had gone to work, and were currently somewhere in east Asia. Bruce was taking a walk, at JARVIS's insistence to get out of the lab, and it had been a while since Thor had last been seen. For the first time since the Avengers had moved in, Tony was alone in the tower.
Well, that was a nice surprise. Maybe he could have a peaceful breakfast, or work on his new suit. Pancakes sounded good. But at that moment, Tony's thoughts were interrupted by an announcement from JARVIS, Tony's British-accented A.I.
"Sir, Ms. Potts has just arrived and wishes to speak to you." JARVIS said..
Tony sighed and flopped back down onto the expensive bed. Or he could talk to Pepper. That works too. Groaning with morning dreariness, he rolled out of bed and trudged to his closet. He sleepily pulled on a casual t-shirt and a pair of jeans and headed downstairs. He vaguely wondered if Pepper would like some pancakes.

This was just great. First he had woken up late in the morning, having stayed up late the previous night on patrol, and almost fallen off of the roof where he had slept. Then he had gotten ready for school in a hurry only to realize as he was brushing his teeth that it was a Saturday. He could have slept in! Now, he was awake, and he knew there was no chance of falling back to sleep.
Peter finished getting dressed, careful to conceal his costume beneath his civilian clothes. It was only early October, but it was particularly cold that morning. Peter shivered as he thought of New York winters, and wondered what he would do once it really got cold. Oh, well, he'd think about that later. For now, he had to pack up all of his belongings into his backpack and head out.
Being homeless sucked. Of course, he thought, it could be worse. There were plenty of people on the streets of New York, and most of them didn't have superpowers to help them out. At least Peter could stay on rooftops and cranes to avoid shady people who would probably otherwise see him as easy prey. Plus, a spider sense can go a long way in staying safe as he slept.
Yeah it got cold, and all of the money he made at the Bugle went straight to food and webbing fluid, but it wasn't like he had any alternative. If he went into an orphanage, or a foster home, it would be impossible to have any privacy. His identity would be blown, and who knows what would happen then? It had been hard enough to keep the secret when he only lived with aunt May.
Aunt May. Peter sighed and shut his eyes. No matter what he thought of, it always came back to aunt May. God, he missed her. He remembered that night like yesterday…

Peter had had a busy night. There had been a bank robbery, a car chase, and three attempted muggings. But Peter had been there to help. Wel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers

freeform: 
There's just so much action and fluff and angst and emotions
hurt!Peter
Dad!Tony
Peter is an orphan
Again
Flash as a complex character
Slow Build
Eventual Torture
Eventual Happy Ending
Fluff
No Smut
Science Bros
Identity Reveal
I suck at tags
somebody help me
Peter is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers

