Work Text:
“Bucky,” Steve gasps, back arching as Bucky hooks a knee in between his legs, his small body trembling with pleasure.“Easy,” Bucky murmurs, mouthing at the shell of Steve’s ear and dropping small wet kisses on the side of his face.They’ve been at this for half an hour, teasing and touching and kissing each other, making most of the free time they have before they both have to go back to work. Steve’s entire body is flushed and slick with sweat, pale skin rosy pink and soft under Bucky’s touch.He is the most beautiful man Bucky’s ever seen. Bucky is going to wreck him.“Please,” Steve begs, sweet like nothing else, his head dropping back on Bucky’s shoulder. He has one of his hands tangled through Bucky’s hair, the other braced on the mattress to keep himself from sliding off of Bucky. “C’mon,  please.”Bucky shushes him, capturing Steve’s mouth in a kiss, deep and slow and filthy. They’re lying in bed, Steve on top of him with his back to Bucky’s chest and Bucky on his back on the mattress. Bucky has one of his hands at the back of Steve’s thigh, holding on and keeping his legs spread, the other wrapped around his own hard cock.“Okay?” Bucky asks, nuzzling Steve’s cheek.“Been okay for the last fifteen minutes, you jerk,” Steve huffs, arching his back and rubbing his ass against Bucky’s crotch. “Get in me.”Bucky laughs, low and husky, and kisses the corner of Steve’s mouth. “Yes, sir,” he says, and then presses inside.No matter how many times they do this, Bucky will never get used to how hot and tight Steve is around him, his hungry little hole clenching around Bucky’s cock. The sweet small sounds Steve makes are music to Bucky’s ears, gasps and whimpers and low moans as he bares down and opens up for Bucky.“Yes,” Steve hisses, grip tight on Bucky’s hair, lean thighs tensing and trembling under Bucky’s hands. “God,  Bucky.”“Alright?” Bucky murmurs, jaw tense, doing his best to keep still as Steve gets used to the size of him.“Hng,  yes,” Steve gasps, turning his head to mouth at Bucky’s cheek, lips hot and wet. “Now fuck me.”Bucky laughs, rough and dirty, before brushing their lips together in a kiss. Steve kisses back, or tries to, clumsy and sloppy in the way he gets whenever he’s on Bucky’s dick, too turned out to function.Steve whimpers when Bucky starts to move, too on edge to keep himself quiet. There is no embarrassment when he arches his back and fucks himself back on Bucky’s cock, hand clutched at the back of Bucky’s neck, his cheeks and chest flushed pink.There is something beautiful about Steve when he lets go like this, when he gives himself up under Bucky’s hands. Bucky revels in it, in every dirty sound Steve makes as they move, Steve’s little cock hard and leaking against his stomach.“That’s it,” Bucky murmurs, lips to Steve’s ears as he holds Steve’s legs open with a hand under his thigh.“Bucky,” Steve gasps, head thrown back, fingers tangled through Bucky’s hair.Bucky hums, pressing open mouthed kisses to Steve’s jaw and neck, biting and sucking at the soft pale skin. Steve moans and tilts his head, and Bucky can’t help but smile at the way Steve shivers whenever his teeth close over skin.“You’re so beautiful,” Bucky says, unable to keep the words from spilling out of his mouth. “All spread out like this for me, taking what I give you.”Steve glances at him, blue eyes dark and glinting, his lips so red Bucky has to kiss them again.“Stop talking,” Steve says against Bucky’s mouth, dragging him in for another kiss and shutting him up.Bucky obliges, if only for a little while. Kissing Steve can be as good as fucking him, and Bucky won’t pass the chance to do either. Even when their kisses are sloppy and wet like this, with too much teeth and not enough finesse as Steve loses himself in what they’re doing, Bucky loves it.Not that Bucky is faring any better. He finds heaven whenever he pushes inside of Steve, tight and hot and perfect. When Bucky is feeling particularly sappy, he likes to think Steve was made just for him.“‘S true,” Bucky murmurs between kisses, setting a slow and steady pace. “My gorgeous guy. Can’t believe I get to see you like this, can’t believe you let me make you feel this good.”Steve huffs out a laugh that turns into a gasp at a sharp thrust, teeth coming down to bite at his bottom lip. “Buck,” Steve whines, a pretty little sound that Bucky swallows with a kiss.“Yeah, sweetheart.” Bucky rolls his hips, one of his hands letting go of Steve’s thigh to slide up his chest, metal fingers finding one of Steve’s nipples. “You like that, huh?”Steve clenches around his cock, lips brushing against Bucky’s cheek. When he answers, it’s nothing but a choked up whisper, “Yes.”Bucky smirks, heat pooling in his gut. “You like me holding you open,” he says, fingers digging into Steve’s thigh. “Like my cock inside you, fucking into you, giving you what you want.”Steve makes a little hurt sound in the back of his throat, breath hot and wet on Bucky’s skin as he says, “I’d like you to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Size Kink
Dirty Talk
Topping from the Bottom
Bottom Steve Rogers
Barebacking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

