Chapter 1



Notes:
The idea for this fic came from something else I was working on, an original story I was doing about a boy who had abandonment and codependency issues. That was mainly from the boys perspective, but this will mostly be from Tony's perspective. In this chapter, I hope I set the way for their codependency, and portrayed the change in Tony correctly.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony could remember the day it happened clearly.
It had started like any other. He woke up, left whatever woman he had had in his bed the night before to go start working in his lab. And there he stayed, for a good many hours with only Dummy and Jarvis and the other bots as his companions. Pepper came by, talked to him for a bit, wanting paperwork like always.
And then, not like always, Jarvis went off line. Tony spent a few minutes working to get him back online, Pepper hiding in the safe room, until Jarvis was up again.
“Jay,” Tony said jokingly. “Sleeping on the job isn't part of your protocols. What's goin’ on?”
“Someone seemed to have cut power, temporarily, to the network,” the AI said quickly. “However, there is something, or rather, someone at the door.”
“Do you recognize them?” Tony asked, moving towards the stairs. “And tell Pepper she can come out.”
“It's hard to run facial recognition on a child when no child has ever been to the house, sir.”
In that moment, Tony felt his heart lurch, his stomach roll and clench at the same time. His first thought had been ‘Oh God’ and the second was ‘Pepper told me so’. And, of course, his third was ‘Pepper can never know’. She'd never trust him again!
“Delay the order to Pep!” Tony said, rather manly, and not at all in a panicked squeak. “I'll… I'll deal with it!”
Jarvis, thankfully, didn't say anything. He hurried up the stairs, nearly tripping on the last step, and through the living room. When he got to the front door, he paused, unsure, before opening it. And, sure enough, there was a basket with a wrinkly sniffling baby wrapped in layers and layers of blankets.
Quickly, Tony reached out, picking up the basket by the handle, doing his best not to touch the kid. The baby squirmed, making Tony flinch and fidget himself. He carried the basket as far from him as he could placing it on the table.
“Jay, perform scans.”
“Scans for…?”
“Injuries,” Tony said, though it came out more like a question. “Illnesses? I don't know!”
At his confused cry, the baby started to cry himself. Or… herself. God, Tony didn’t even know this kids gender. Or, if it was even his! He tried to make shushing noises, trying to get it to stop crying. The noise only made it worse.
“Performing scans now, sir. Should I call out Miss Potts?”
“Yes,” Tony said in an instant, because Pepper made everything better. “No,” he said quickly after, because he didn't want to see Pepper’s disappointed face. “God, I don't know!” was his final reply because he really didn't know!
“Calling up Miss Potts, sir.”
Tony couldn't hear, waving his hands in front of the baby, trying to get it to calm down. “Don't cry,” He said desperately. “Come on, I can't deal with crying babies! I can't deal with any babies! What do you want?!”
The wailing increased, and Tony nearly began to cry himself. Then, the blessed and horrid clicks of heels on the floor entered his ears over the wailing. And just like that, Pepper was by his side, mouth open and gaping at him and the basket.
“Oh my god,” Pepper said, a hand over her mouth. “Tony!”
“Pepper,” Tony managed. “Help…”
She moved fast, biting her lip as she reached into the basket, pulling out the baby. He continued to cry, wriggling within the blanket. Pepper immediately started to unwrap it, leaving the babe in a little blue onesie. Freed arms went to wrap around Pepper’s neck, crying wildly as she swayed. It was then that Pepper noticed the letter at the bottom of the basket.
She reached for it, still trying to bounce the baby as she opened the letter. And, with Tony panicking and staring dumbly at the red faced baby from as far as he could, she had to. Once it was open, she began to read aloud.
“‘Dear Mr. Stark, I understand that you aren't the father type-” Pepper scoffed at that, “-but I'm eighteen, with no parents, siblings, or family to speak of. The baby is yours, as you were the only one I'd had sex with since my first time at 16. I know what I'm asking is a lot, but I hope that you will take care of him. I named him Peter.
“It would, of course, have been easier if I had put him up for adoption, I know, and you just might, but I wanted to do my best to prevent that. I was in the foster system myself, since I was three, and the living conditions at so many of the foster homes and orphanages are terrible. Older kids, at all the places I went to, usually beat of the younger ones, since they had a better chance of adoption. But because of my condition, Peter would never get a chance.
“After we had our… night, when I went to t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton
Thor/Jane Foster
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
kid!Peter
Kidfic
Dad!Tony
Realizations
Howard Stark’s A+ Parenting
Tony Stark’s A+ Parenting
Tony Stark’s Actual A+ Parenting
More tags to be added
Abandonment Issues
Codependency
helicopter parent
dying
secrets!
Prepared Peter
Starks Can Defend Themselves With Or Without Suits/Powers
loss of family
My posting schedule does not exist anymore
How Do I Tag
Tags May Change
Relationship tags in particular
My friend/Beta reader says I'm evil
Im not sorry for what may or may not happen
More Secrets!

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Clint Barton
Thor/Jane Foster
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

