Work Text:
Ten minutes after Clint had gotten up from his seat and muttered that he'd be right back, Bucky went to look for him. He'd thought Clint had just gone to take a leak, but he wasn't in the bathroom, and Bucky couldn't see him anywhere in the bar. 
Fuck. They’d captured the leader of the French AIM cell already. This was supposed to be just them going out for a post-mission drink. Some kind of bonding thing, but if Clint had gotten his ass captured by some other member of the cell--
He pushed open the door leading to the back alley, already preparing himself for the call to SHIELD. Not that he'd need their help to track Clint down, but goddamn were they going to give him a hard time. 
He spotted Clint before he noticed the man kneeling in front of him. He stopped short. The man was sucking Clint's cock. Clint was looking down at him, watching as he took down his cock, moving his hips just a little.  He grabbed a fistful of the guy's hair and made a small choked noise and then—and then Bucky was inside, walking back to his seat. Some fifteen minutes later Clint sat down next to him. 
Bucky didn’t say anything.
:::
"Your view sucks," Bucky said, pulling the cap of his beer off with his metal hand. "Captain America should be able to afford a better view." 
Steve frowned and put aside the bottle opener he'd offered Bucky. "I like this place," he said. "It's got character."  
"Yeah, right," Bucky said. It was better than the place they'd shared before the war, but not much better. Steve deserved much better. 
Bucky took a swig of beer. "You never asked how the mission went." 
"Figured you'd been sworn to secrecy," Steve said. 
"It should be us," Bucky said. 
Again, Steve frowned. "It's different now, Bucky."
"Bullshit," Bucky said, slamming his beer down on the plastic table. "I know you did missions for them.  I can't corrupt you, and you sure as hell can't corrupt me." 
"Clint's a good man," Steve said. He had that look on his face again, stricken, like all he wanted to do was save Bucky from himself. 
"He's not you," Bucky said. He picked up his beer and drank in silence. 
"You're wrong, anyway," Steve said. "We were always bad influences on each other." 
Bucky grinned. "Yeah," he said. "Yeah, you're right. But it should still be us."
“I’m not a SHIELD agent, not anymore,” Steve said. “I’m an Avenger. And you’re--”
“A fucking problem,” Bucky said. He didn’t look at Steve, just looked out at Steve’s shitty view of the city. 
“Bucky,” Steve started. 
Bucky waved his hand. “Forget it,” he said. “I’ll play nice with Barton. I promise.”
He glanced at Steve, who predictably had that concerned, semi-constipated look that he got a lot lately, whenever he was with Bucky. “It won’t always be like this,” he said.
“Yeah,” Bucky said. “Sure.”
::: 
Their second mission was in Russia. Bucky knew Fury was testing him with this one. Target was an old Soviet leader, a man who’d been involved with the Red Room program in the seventies. No one of particular importance, but one of the Red Rooms had been activated again. This guy was a good start for information. 
Fury expected this to be personal for Bucky, and it was. But he could handle it. 
They found Krupin in Volograd, hiding out in an abandoned factory. He didn’t know much, just enough to get them on a lead to Moscow. The guy, Sokolov, wasn’t hiding. He was young, too young to remember Bucky or the Winter Soldier legend. He gave up his information as soon as a gun was put to his head. 
The guy behind the Red Room was Kaminski. Sokolov told them where to find him, and when he and Clint got into the car, Bucky figured they’d be going after Kaminski. 
“Nat’s got this one,” Clint said. “We’ve got the night off.” 
“Fury doesn’t trust me with this guy,” Bucky said. 
Clint shrugged. “Can’t say I blame him.”
“You don’t trust me either,” Bucky said. 
“I didn’t say that,” Clint said. They rode in silence until Clint pulled up to a place where they could rent a room for the night. “We’ll be picked up in the morning. For tonight, I want to see how well an American turned Russian handles vodka.”
They sat on the floor of the room with two shot glasses and a bottle of good vodka. 
“Nat always beats my ass at drinking,” Clint said, pouring out two shots. “Let’s see if I can beat you.”
Bucky knew he couldn’t, but he didn’t say anything. He tossed the shot back and poured their next shot. “Why you?” he said. “Steve’s not an agent, I got that. And I guess they wouldn’t trust me and Natalia  together. But why’d they pick you?”
Clint chuckled. “You get right to the point, don’t you?” He took his second shot. “I’m the second best agent in SHIELD. If anyone can keep a former Soviet super spy in line, it’s me. And Nat would be here, but you’re right. Not so much Fury, but there are people concerned about you and Nat even being in the same room.”
“You call her Nat,” Bucky said. “You’re close to her.”
“We never had a thing, if that’s what you’re getting at,” Clint said. “She’s not exactly my
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

