Work Text:
The first thing he wrote was Being born.Of course, when he did it, he was a depressed teenager with too much alcohol in his system and the deep sense of loss that came after the death of Jarvis. He crossed it over a few days later, when he hadn't exactly sobered up but, at least, he was no longer sitting on the floor of his apartment, holding a kitchen knife and watching his wrists with too much interest.As it was, he decided to turn his would be suicide note into a list of all the mistakes he had made. Tony was pretty sure that when Jarvis had given him the leather bound journal for his birthday that hadn't been his intention but Tony had learned that things rarely work as intended.In his drunken episode he had written fifteen items in the first blank page.

Being born

 Missing Jarvis' funeral
 Explosion in dad's workshop
 Second explosion
 Ignoring Jarvis' advice
 Hitting Rhodey after the time with the mittens
 Sleeping with Heather Wheels
 Not being good enough for dad
 Not being enough for mom
 Not being smarter
 Being me
 Starting drinking
 Making dad waste time with my stupid actions
 Said stupid actions
 Killing myself?
It wasn't the first time he had thought about it, not really, but he always found a way to push another project first, to keep himself from doing more than thinking. But now, with the light of day and the pounding headache of a hangover, Tony decided to think about it seriously, instead of emotionally, for the first time.He knew he was a mess. Rhodey had said it to him enough times, his father had made it clear with his disapproval and disappointment, but was he such a mess that he didn't deserve to live any more? Jarvis had always said he should be more patient and stop rushing into things...Tony looked down at the journal and flipped the blank pages. He took a pen a scribbled a new line.
Rushing into things
Maybe there were some mistakes he could correct. In the meantime, he would write, and he would wait. Eventually he would run out of space and time.
There were things that deserved bigger letters.Yinsen took a whole page.
Jericho
Sonic Cannon
 Amplified sound paralyzer
After Afghanistan and the press conference he used a page for each letter.
W
 E
 A
 P
 O
 N
 S
And there were names that appeared over and over again.
Pepper
Rhodey
 Happy
 Dad
 Mom
 Obie
The last time Tony wrote Stane with a normal script and No remorse for killing him much bigger.Sometimes he didn't have the names to write. Civilian featured heavily in the book. Sometimes he wrote the wrong ones. Natalie Rushman.He filled four pages after his birthday party, thinking that in the end it wouldn't matter. His body would betray him before his mistakes could. One rediscovered element later, Tony couldn't stop himself from adding, in a tiny cramped script, Saving myself.
Jarvis knew, of course he did. Jarvis knew everything about him and even though Tony kept the journal carefully by hand, Jarvis kept a digital copy. Tony tried not to ask too much. He didn't want to know how many times Pepper's name was there (1072), the percentage of items done while intoxicated (61%) or how many mistakes he had left (a maximum of 659).Sometimes Jarvis asked him to erase one line or another, but Tony only used pen and the only line scratched out had been the first. Sometimes Jarvis tried to stop him from writing something, reason with him about how it wasn't his fault.Tony still used three lines to write down Coulson.
The Battle of New York took a little over five pages. Tony refused to count the ones he had left but he figured he would't have much more time.He invited The Avengers to move in, knowing that the more people around him, the more people he hurt, the more mistakes he made.It was still worth it.

Too late to catch Clint
Didn't listen to Cap
 Distracted. Natasha hurt
 Made Thor sad
 Civilians killed
 Messed up Bruce's experiment
 Selfish
 Selfish
 Selfish

Tony poured himself some scotch and sat down carefully on the rattled sofa he kept on the workshop. His ribs still hurt and the cut on his right arm had started to bleed again. He looked down at the journal on his lap, took a healthy sip of scotch and opened it.He didn't need to count. Two pages left and he hadn't written anything about today yet.“Jarvis, call the lawyers and arrange a meeting for tomorrow.”The AI was unusually silent for a few seconds.“Sir, those arrangements shouldn't be necessary.”Tony gave a bitter smile and finished his scotch before picking up a pen. “Yes, they are.”
The Avengers were waiting for him in the living room, a familiar journal on the table.Tony turned around and locked himself in the workshop before a word could be said.

Letting them find out

“I need my journal back.”“I believe you left it in the living room after you drank too much last night, Sir.”“The Avengers are there.”“Indeed they are, Sir.”“There are things I need to write.”“I continue to disagree.”
It's been two days and he's running out of food in the workshop.“Do the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Suicidal Thoughts
Angst

fandom: 
None
