Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Okay." Tony takes a deep breath. "You ready?"Loki raises an eyebrow and offers him his arm. "As ready as I'll be.""Well, that makes two of us." Taking Loki's arm, Tony reaches up for a brief kiss before stepping to Loki's side. Loki waits courteously until Tony is ready before teleporting them to the front entrance of the SGC branch in New York, the one Tony picked for their testing because he's the most familiar with the staff there and has made the overall best experience with them. Yesterday he and Loki did their blood tests, sent the pertinent results over and were cleared, so now only the testing remains.It's just before six in the morning so neither the streets nor the Center are particularly busy, but there are still some people about. They both take a moment to adjust to that – strictly speaking it's the first time they've been in public since they met, but they did move to Tony's Manhattan apartment two days ago to test how they were dealing without miles of unpopulated space around them. It had gone well, no problem at all – though Loki had needed some time to adjust to all the noise – but that was still vastly different to this, being properly in public.There's no problem, though; Tony tightens their shields around them, feels Loki's senses settle, and then they're ready to go.Of course people recognize them immediately. Tony is a pretty distinct figure and his face is seen often in all sorts of media, but nobody behaves inappropriately; they get looked but not stared at, nothing more, and there aren't many people about anyway. It's a pleasant side-effect of their appointment being set so early.They walk up to the reception where Tony registers them with just his ID, Loki not having one yet. That's something they'll probably also take care of today; Loki will at least need a Sentinel ID. The receptionist smiles at them politely and professionally, logs them in and directs them to take a seat in a cornered off seating area. "On behalf of the SGC I must apologize if you have to wait a little, we have had an emergency earlier today and due to the reduced number of staff during night hours, we're a little overloaded right now. Dr. Marco, your usual doctor, Guide Stark, as per your request will be ready for the preliminary talk within the next thirty minutes, though. In the meantime, can I bring you anything? Some snacks, coffee, tea, anything else to drink?""Coffee would be awesome, thanks," Tony replies, sending a questioning look towards Loki who just nods. As directed they then go sit on one of the admittedly comfortable sofas, not quite pressed against each other but close.So. Tony doesn't think the receptionist was dishonest, but he does believe that the Center is taking the opportunity to show them off a little by having them sit in the waiting area instead of a private waiting room. He's more amused than anything by it and doesn't care to make a fuss about it. Next to him, Loki looks regal as anything, all haughty prince, entirely unimpressed with anything and honestly? It sort of makes Tony want to get on his knees and make him lose his composure. Having done that more that more than once in the past week, he knows exactly what Loki looks like all flushed, sweaty and demanding, but remembering that right now isn't conductive to anything so he takes a breath and thinks about the upcoming tests instead.And they wait. And wait. After ten minutes the receptionist still hasn't returned. A couple of people, mostly Guides, who entered the Center are waiting at the reception with confused frowns and Tony really wants his coffee, thank you very much. He does know for a fact that in the staff break room on the ground level there is a coffee machine, so he eventually decides to just go get the coffee himself and let the next SGC representative’s flustered apologies amuse him later when they realize their colleague's lapse."I'll go get some coffee," he tells Loki, patting him on the knee, and gets up to do just that when Loki shows no opposition to the statement.Tony makes it about halfway across the room when there is some commotion in one of the hallways opening into the reception area – a rather big hall made of white walls and steel doors – and a disheveled figure bursts out. The guy – clearly a Sentinel, Tony can tell immediately, and just as obvious is the fact that he's disturbed somehow, that there's something off about him – spots Tony and immediately changes his course, striding towards him.Pausing, Tony puts his hands in his pocket and raises an eyebrow as the guy comes closer."Sweet little Guide," the Sentinel grins in a way that's more a baring of the teeth than anything. "Your Sentinel is not doing a good job at protecting you, is he?"And he reaches out to touch Tony. With perfect calm – his heart doesn't even skip a beat – Tony watches his hand come close until it suddenly freezes in mid-air. The Sentinel frowns and tries to move it but it's suspended, kept stil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Sentinel/Guide
Medical Examination
Blow Jobs
Threats of Violence
Protectiveness
Possessive Behavior
Sweet

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

