Work Text:
 

The Howling Commandos do not fall into fame so much as wake up in a barn to find it stealing all their pants and rations. They most emphatically did not start out as the

 Howling Commandos

, not even to the other units - they were SSR Strike Force One, or Rogers’ Raiders if they were feeling frisky. But then they come staggering back after one mission to find a USO film crew milling around outside of Philips’ tent, smoking over their bags of camera gear, and Steve is clearly the only one who has an inkling of what’s going on because one of the guys sees them stumble up, frowns, looks straight at Steve and then boggles, a real genuine boggle, his eyes going out of his head. “What the 

hell 

- is that - Holy 

Christ 

- 

Rogers?”



“Who’s that?” Bucky mutters, poking Steve in the ass with the butt of his rifle.  


“Stage manager,” Steve says under his breath, clearly wishing to be somewhere else, anywhere else, ideally on another planet. “Hello, Tom.” 


The guy’s still gaping, his hat threatening to come off. All his camera lackeys are staring now too. “Rogers, what in the name of hell 

happened

 to you?”


“Nazis,” Steve says, visibly remembering that his face, right arm and entirety of his hair are covered in dried blood. Behind him Monty has a bruise like a pomegranate on his cheek and Dum Dum is missing half his mustache. Everybody is covered in river mud to the waist and only Bucky doesn’t have a layer of soot on him, courtesy of his sniper distance. Steve rolls his shoulders, kind of sheepishly; if Bucky weren’t basically numb from the elbows down he’d probably care too. They look disgusting. They’re carrying intel and there hadn’t been time to find a creek and wash. 


“Nazis… happened to you,” Tom repeats dazedly. 


“More like we happened to them,” Bucky mutters, out of patience. His fucking feet hurt. “We’ll be happening to you too if you don’t move. Captain,” he adds pointedly. 


“Right,” Steve says, and his general aura of impending doom is momentarily dispelled by Bucky hustling them all into the command tent. 


Phillips makes happy grunts over their intel, promises a meeting with Carter in an hour, wrinkles his entire face at their… everything and sends them off to wash. The camp is a couple miles down the road from the nearest town, which means they get to take turns scrubbing and swearing under the wooden barrack showers that feel kind of like being peed on by an elderly cat. They stumble out, dry off best they can and and beeline for the mess. 


Steve’s generalized aura of muscles and patriotism gets them moved along the line pretty quick. Bucky glares a second helping of beans out of the KP guy, shovels half of it onto Steve’s plate and pushes his breadroll onto Gabe’s. Dernier produces an unlabeled bottle of sauce out of his jacket and passes it around. Nobody says a word and everything is as it should be: they all developed the post-mission silent meal ritual pretty quickly, having learned the hard way that when they’re all tired and hungry the best thing they can do for each other is shut the hell up. 


After forty minutes of silent industrial-grade munching, they are not much more given to conversation but much less likely to attack each other with the nearest eating utensil. Dernier collects his sauce and Bucky finishes mopping the sauce off his plate with the last third of 

Monty’s

 bread roll. They finish up and file out as a group, ready for the intelligence debrief and daytime rest - only to get ambushed by the entire film crew directly upon exiting the tent. 


“Rogers,” Tom the stage manager says, all traces of boggling gone, getting in Steve’s face with a gleam in his eye. Steve clearly recognizes this gleam, if his sudden look of panicked evasion is anything to go by.  


“Tom,” he says, and anybody who doesn’t know him as well as Bucky does would say he doesn’t sound scared at all. “Nice seeing you, but -”


“It’s lucky we ran into you, see,” Tom says, smoothly moving with Steve as he takes an abortive step forward. Bucky’s impressed. “We’re here to do some filming on-site. Sent directly by Senator Brandt. Colonel Phillips signed off on it.”


Steve shouldn’t look so damn surprised at being sold up the creek by the brass. He shoots Bucky a look that says 

abort abort abort requesting emergency evac 

but Bucky, whose feet no longer hurt and whose stomach is at least somewhat full of meat hash and beans, returns him a look that tells him just how impressed he isn’t. He’s willing to let this play out naturally. 


Steve, abandoned by his men, turns back to Tom. “That’s - great,” he says to Tom through his teeth. “But I really don’t think we have the time. We’re an active unit, we can’t just - ”


“Captain Rogers,” comes a familiar voice, and Steve whirls around.

 “Peggy,” 

he says, in tones of near-religious gratitude. “I mean - Agent Carter. We have a - briefing. Debriefing. Sorry, Tom, I don’t think we can film anything right now -”


Carter coc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Relationship Negotiation
Period Typical Attitudes
Period-Typical Language
Non-Period-Typical Attitudes
Canon-Typical Violence
Polyamory
Threesome
Knifeplay
Lipstick
Mild Feminization
Coming Out: PTSD-Ridden WWII Renegade Style
peggy and bucky: goddamn professionals
a beautiful story of inclusivity cameraderie and violence
The Hollow Steve/Dry Sock Storage Superserum Theory
Mean Top Peggy Carter
bucky barnes’ precious little mind being blown out his precious little ears
Do As Peggy Says
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

