Chapter 1: Miscalculations
    


Notes:
Chapter beta'd by the amazing positronic!




Chapter Text

The gun goes off before he can get his hand up in time to block the shot. 

Simple as that. He just wasn't fast enough. Before Tony can even hit the floor, Barnes is off without a care for the man he’s just fatally wounded. He’s left Tony in a slumped bloody mess on the ground, fingers flexing, reaching for the wound, and still failing miserably. Even with the low grade of Extremis working in his bloodstream, Tony knows it's not enough, just enough to buy him time until help comes, but it's obvious that it's a long way off. 

Everyone has gone after Barnes and the fight takes them further away and closer towards the exit. From the sounds of it, they are just as successful as he was. Or maybe they’ve fared better, he can’t tell. His eyes are jumping wildly from place to place trying to see even though the blood has begun to slip downward and across his forehead, making a solid path towards his brows. He can see the puddle next to him has grown too big in the rosey haze from his glasses. There’s a metallic voice in his ear, tinny and worried.

“Boss… boss… I’ve alerted… Boss!” Friday’s tone is increasingly panicked and she sounds like she’s screaming. His poor girl. He can’t even comfort her. His voice is caught in his throat. All he can do is groan as white-hot pain flows over him in waves. 

The floor feels cool beneath him and he thinks it’s nice. Nice to have a rest after the 24 hours he’s had. Nice to have a rest at all since he hasn’t slept in days. It could be more comfortable. He’d ask Friday to have some pillows delivered if he could, but he can’t. He’s moved on to soft whimpers now and anyway she’s still screaming at him. Telling him someone is on the way and to stay calm. He wishes he could tell her that he is calm. He should be panicking like any normal human being would panic but he isn’t and he thinks that’s about right. This is all old hat for him and FRIDAY should know that. JARVIS would know.

He can hear glass shattering somewhere and the metallic clomp of his suit walking across the floor. He’d left the briefcase at the hotel as a sign of good faith to Steve. So he could prove that he came in peace. That worked out well. Steve was still gone. Sam was gone. Natasha was gone and he was alone save for FRIDAY.

The floor was nice though. He had to thank Barnes for that at least. 

A dry chuckle wedges in his chest and it hurts to even think about coughing it up. There’s no one to hear him anyway and he thinks that’s good. He never wanted to go old in his bed anyway. He hated to disappoint Pepper and Rhodey like that. Lord knows they’d tried. Tried to keep him safe. Tried to keep him sane. Tried to keep his feet on the ground. 

They thought he deserved a peaceful death despite everything he was. They’d talked about it one night, long after Stane and the Iron Monger and Iron Man had changed everything. After Rhodey had wrapped his arms around him while they were surrounded by burning hot sands and reminded him of home and that he had a whole lot more to live for than he thought.

It was the morbid sort of talk that you only got to after far too many bottles of Macallan. It had been a rough week and they figured they all deserved it. Tony dug all the way to the back of his collection for the one marked 1926 and eagerly opened the bottle to the surprise of Pepper, who knew exactly how much it cost. Rhodey’s eyes bugged out for at least five minutes when he found out and nearly choked on the smooth liquor he’d just tentatively sipped. He cursed and asked Tony what the occasion was and Tony replied that he was happy. No one commented on why that was occasion enough. They toasted to it and drank and drank until they were on the floor sprawled out on soft Persian rugs with Rhodey’s head nuzzling Tony’s stomach and Pepper’s hand in Tony’s hair. Tony’s fingers brushed lightly across Rhodey’s forehead and twirled the end of Pepper’s long ponytail in circles.

Tony told them how he thought he’d die in that cave and had wondered if it would have served him right. The Merchant of Death wounded by his own weapons and finished off by the greed of men who desperately wanted more. He supposed it would have. Many people would have rejoiced at his death, not caring that it meant nothing in the long run. For all his wealth and power and genius, Tony wished he could tell them he was just one piece in a very elaborate puzzle. His death would mean nothing to the never-ending war machine. The world’s governments would just move on to another manufacturer. His death wouldn’t matter because there would always be another war. No one would mourn him. Just his unique ability to create killing machines.

Rhodey had pressed a kiss to his stomach and Pepper’s fingers stilled in his hair. Neither said anything but the feeling was there. They would miss him. For that he was grateful. At least there was someone.

He can feel the l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Tried Something New
so here we go
Canon-Typical Violence
Near Death
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Sorry Not Sorry
Protective Pepper Potts
BAMF Rhodey
I'm sorry if this sucks
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Comic Book Science
Protective Rhodey
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
darkish?
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
BAMF Natasha Romanov
not wanda maximoff friendly
Like really not friendly
Do not read if you even remotely like her
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Major character death - Freeform
Does it count if it's a character you don't like?
eh
To Quote Strange
We're in the endgame now
updated tags!
mental manipulation
Gaslighting
Extremis (Marvel)
Temporary Character Death
Civil War AU
WIP Big Bang 2020
Not Steve Rogers Friendly

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

