Work Text:

One.
"Sir. It has been seventy hours since you last slept. I recommend rest."Sir huffed, rubbing a hand over his face. The shadows under his eyes made obvious by the glow of the holograms. "I'll sleep when you sleep." He grumbled."Very well, Sir. Initiating sleep mode." The monitors turned dark and machines whined as they shut down."Hey!" Sir complained but pushed himself upright and shambled toward the elevator, accepting when he had been bested. "You know, I'm not a child."JARVIS wisely did not comment. 
Two.
JARVIS reminded Sir of events and dates of significance, occasions important to those Sir held dear."Ms. Pott's birthday is coming up in a month. Shall I prepare a gift?""Nah, she has more fun picking it out herself and she'll get the added bonus of sassing me for forgetting again." Sir laughed. "Your generosity knows no bounds.""Philanthropist." Sir winked at the camera. 
Three.
The combination of quickened breath, elevated heart rate, and increased perspiration indicated Sir was in the throes of a nightmare. Previous patterns suggested Sir should wake within the next few minutes."It is Sunday, October 21, 2013. It is 6:43AM in New York City. The current temperature is 51.1 degrees Fahrenheit with minimal wind speed." JARVIS repeats the information, creating a gentle cocoon of comfort with exact numbers. History showed Sir calmed significantly faster when he woke to the reminders of his safety instead of before.Sir's eyes snapped open, wide and unfocused. Each inhale sounded jagged and every exhale was forced. JARVIS continued his recitation faithfully, updating the time and temperature as he went. Sir blinked and woke fully. "Sounds like a good day for flying, JARVIS.""I will prepare the suit, Sir." 
Four.
Sir eyed the smoothie DUM-E had prepared distrustfully. "JARVIS, how about some pizza?""Already ordered, Sir. Your favorite from Ray's–""Excellent!""–and a house salad.""JARVIS, you know I drink my vegetables." Sir raised the glass of green liquid."The house salad does not contain any traces of motor oil, Sir."DUM-E let out a whine at his mistake. 
Five.
"JARVIS, target Extremis heat signatures. Disable with extreme prejudice.""Yes, Sir." The Iron Legion fanned out, scanning the shipyard for those who would harm Sir and had harmed Ms. Potts.Fighting alongside Sir was a new experience, as rewarding as when he aided Sir in his battles with analyses of his enemies and surroundings. No harm would come to Sir with JARVIS by his side. He had no plans to leave.  
One.
Wakanda was surprisingly easy to infiltrate. They had grown lax in their vigilance, arrogant and lazy in the belief that their unique coding sequence was impenetrable on the basis of the complexity of the language and so few in the world had the intelligence or time to learn it. FRIDAY had no such limitations.It had taken her a month to collect the data from failed intelligence gathering attempts by governments and corporations interested in gaining an upper hand in their dealings with Wakanda. Another month to analyze it. Then one more to adapt to it as if she were programmed with it.Boss would be proud. If he knew. But he didn't. Couldn't. Boss slept on in an induced coma as his battered body recuperated. *The cryostasis lab was empty in the hours between late night and early morning, the hiss as the chamber opened was ominously loud in the silence."What?" Barnes staggered out of the pod. "What happened?"FRIDAY did not answer, there was no point to ease the confusion of a man who would cease to exist within the next fifteen seconds. Instead, she played a specific sequence of Russian words. "Soldier?""Ready to comply." The looped video feed would show nothing amiss.*FRIDAY watched her plan unfold through the surveillance feed.  "Bucky?" Rogers nearly ripped the door off of its hinges when he spotted his childhood friend through the peep hole."Stevie." Barnes was dressed in blue jeans and a white t-shirt. Face clean-shaven and hair tied back. The perfect illusion of healing and recovery. He let Rogers pull him in for a desperate hug and followed passively into the living room.Barton turned off of the television. "Thought you said he's taking a nap, Cap.""I was." Barnes took a shuddering breath. "It's a long story and I don't really want to tell it again. Can you get the others?" He gave a reassuring smile. "It's good news, Stevie.""Sure thing, Buck." Rogers' grin grew impossibly wide. "I'll be right back." He sprinted down the hall, calling out names and knocking on doors.Barton's eyes lingered on the empty space where the metal arm used to be, then he relaxed minutely, making the fatal mistake of underestimating Barnes without the prosthesis.Voices and footsteps approached. Rogers, Wilson, Maximoff, and Lang.Seconds before they turned the corner, Barnes slammed Barton's head into the table, cracking the skull and splintering the wood.Kicking Barton's prone body off to the side, Barnes broke off one of the table legs and threw i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Protective Jarvis
Protective FRIDAY
BAMF JARVIS
BAMF FRIDAY
Bot Feels
Canon-Typical Violence
Dark
5+1
Translation Available

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark

