Work Text:
“Tony! Stop walking away from me!”Tony turns and looks at Steve with an expression Steve cannot read all the way. There's incredulity in it, and of course the ever-present anger that seems to underlie all of his recent interactions with Steve.“I don't know how many times I have to repeat it before it gets through your thick skull, Rogers – I am not building Barnes a new arm.”Tony's sneer at Bucky's name isn't hard to interpret at all.Steve wants to grab Tony by the shoulders and force him to listen. But ever since Friday threatened to use all the armors in the workshop to defend her creator (and had them all take a step forward as proof, and wasn't that spine-chilling as hell), Steve knows better than to touch his stubborn friend.“You were the one who shot it off, after all,” Steve argues. “You owe it to him to supply him with a replacement!”Tony drops the gadget he was holding. It shatters when it hits the ground. DUM-E rolls forward with a distressed-sounding beep and attempts to pick it up and hand it back to Tony.Tony's hand shakes when he pats one of the robot arm's support struts and quietly orders it to sweep up the shards.He doesn't even curse. Friday remains utterly silent as well.Steve refuses to feel even a little bit guilty. Whatever it was, it surely is replaceable. Evidently the topic is rather upsetting to Tony, but living with only one arm is even more upsetting to Bucky, and after all – fair is fair.Tony shoves his hands into the pockets of his cargo pants, distressed and oil-stained as they are, and hisses: “I don't owe you or him shit, Rogers. But why don't we talk about 'owing'.“You owe me a better explanation than you were trying to 'spare' either me or yourself, or that one day 'hopefully I could understand'. You lied to me. For over two years. And when I entered a situation in which I was bound to find out the truth in the worst way possible, you didn't even have the decency to take me aside and tell me. Instead, you just stood there and let me watch all the gory details of my own parents' murder.” Once finished with his rant, Tony clutches his chest and pants. The expression on his face this time isn't hard to determine: It's utter loathing.Steve feels one foot tall.“I--I didn't know how to tell you, Tony,” he pleads. “I didn't want you to hate Bucky.”“--Or to have me interfere in your search for him,” Tony throws in. “And maybe give me incentive to head a movement to have him put in jail for what he did. Do you know how many friends and relatives of the Winter Soldier's victims are still out there? You seem to be particularly adept at ignoring all the suffering your buddy caused, wittingly or unwittingly.”“It wasn't Bucky's fault!” Steve yells.“Maybe it was, maybe it wasn't. Thankfully, that's for the experts to decide now,” Tony says sharply. “Barnes will be evaluated, and then he'll have his day in court.”Steve opens his mouth to argue further. Seeing Bucky in the institution that holds him until his trial is--is simply perverse, that's what it is. Bucky, who fought so bravely for his country. Bucky, who but for the grace of God would have made the ultimate sacrifice back in '44. Bucky, who deserves so much better than being put behind bars like an animal.“Do you only have your patriot on when it isn't about your BFF?” Tony inquires. “Wait, what am I saying, of course you only believe in truth, justice and the American way when it suits you,” Tony sneers. “But we're going off-topic, Captain No-Longer-Quite-That-Perfect. You think I 'owe' it to Barnes to make him a new arm.”“You do,” Steve insists.“Why?” Tony's question sounds honestly curious.“Because you destroyed his old one! No one, even in Wakanda, has been able to replicate something like it,” Steve explains earnestly. “Hydra created something unique, what with the way it was fused to his nervous system.”Tony looks intrigued for a moment. Steve hopes the inventor's curiosity will overcome his dislike of Bucky. There's never been a challenge Tony has been able to pass on.“Please. Your suit is a marvel of engineering,” Steve says, and doesn't even choke on the words. If buttering up Tony will help get this thing done, then Steve's prepared to flatter to Tony's heart's content. “No one in the world is better suited to recreating something like Bucky's mechanical arm.”“Bionic arm,” Tony corrects absentmindedly. “That's all nice and well, but you still haven't told me why I should waste my time, effort, money and yes, genius, on the man whose hands murdered my parents.” His voice rises mockingly, “Or are you trying to tell me it's for the sake of our 'friendship'?”He wipes his mouth with a shaking hand and leaves a dark smear behind before his hand disappears back in his pocket.Steve is stumped. He's tried all the approaches Natasha had recommended: Appealing in turn to Tony's guilt, curiosity, competitiveness, generosity and vanity. But Tony's still resisting.Tony sighs. “Really, Rogers. What will get you out of my work
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
actions have consequences
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

