Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sometimes there were big moments in a person's life that were clearly defined and marked by what happened before and what happens after. Birthdays are the most common, wedding, funerals, graduations. All big and significant events. Usually immortalized by pictures or forgotten with copious amounts of liquor.Darcy's big event happened in the bathroom of Tony Stark's lab.She prayed to every deity there was, so that there was no footage of her losing her lunch for no good reason except maybe the good reason was a baby. Thor's baby.And it was just her luck, the first person she'd see upon her exit was none other than Captain America, her maybe nemesis."Miss Lewis!" He looked startled. "Are you all right?""What are you doing here, Steve." She took to calling him Steve after she apologized for tasing him in the street last month. He still called her Miss Lewis, either because of his 1940's mentality or because he still thought she was a big ol' whore for shacking up with Thor and he was trying to be polite.Yeah, well, now she was going to be a big ol' pregnant whore."Miss Lewis!" He cried out again when she turned right around to vomit once more. Morning sickness her ass. It was nearly three in the afternoon. Darcy stumbled forward nearly branding herself on the toilet seat. Steve came into the small room and crouched next to her. He gathered up her loose curls to hold her hair back.Well, shit, Steve. Way to be helpful. She might have to start a moratorium on her grudge."What's going on? Are you sick? Was it something you ate?" He found a towel and was wiping her sweaty face. "Should I take you to medical? Do you want me to call Thor?" It was the most she had ever heard out of him."I'm ok." She told him. "Don't call Thor. I know what's wrong.""Are you going to tell me?" Steve demanded. He huffed when she shook her head no. "Fine. Is there anything I can get you?" He had his hands on his hips. He looked so tall from her position on the floor, back against the wall and knees up."A bottle of water," Darcy said, "and a pregnancy test."She wasn't sure if it was his ridiculous fish mouth, or biology that had her throwing up again but his warm hand rubbing her back was pretty damn comforting.Fifteen minutes later, Darcy was still on the bathroom floor. She was sipping on her second bottle of water and waiting patiently with her unlikely companion. Darcy was too anxious to imagine Captain America buying a pregnancy test at the drugstore but she did file it away for later. He had come back blushing worse than she ever could and it would have been hilarious if she wasn't tied up in knots.They were both staring at the little plastic thing balanced in the edge of the sink.The timer on her phone went off. She didn't move. Steve was looking at her and the thing and then back to her. He cleared his throat twice before he said, "Do you want me to check it?"Well, yeah, because obviously she was too chicken shit. But Darcy shook her head no and buried her face into her jeans. He sighed and settled back down with her. Then he started the tapping."What is that?" She asked, voice rough and cracking. "Is that your phone? Who are you texting?" She would literally kill him if he was talking to Thor."Um. It's Nat. She's wondering where I am.""What did you tell her." Darcy's eyes were suspicious. Steve looked downright nervous. As well he should be. She might've apologized but she never promised not to tase him again."I told her I was still in Tony's labs, waiting for him to finish the new protective wear. It's not a lie. She would know if I was lying. She always knows.""That's because you suck at it." Darcy informed him and finally got off the floor. She picked up the thing that could make her little moment with Steve Rogers a big moment."What's it say." He asked, sounding as anxious as she felt. Then he had to scramble to catch her before she dropped to the ground.*******She'd only been out a few moments but it was long enough for Steve to open his big fat mouth and get Tony's attention. Her boss's hands smelled like glue. She batted his hands away from tapping her checks."I'm ok. I'm ok." She had to repeat herself because the first time didn't sound like English. "Tony stop! Let me sit up.""Hell no kid, I'm taking you to medical. Jarvis! Why didn't you tell me something was wrong with Shorty?""I apologize, Sir, Miss Lewis enacted Privacy Protocol.""Handy thing, that." She said in lieu of an explanation."Shorty is that a pee stick?" Tony sounded like he was about to choke on air. Steve helped Darcy stand but did not let go of her elbow in case she passed out again."Yep." It's not like she had long to keep it a secret. She just wanted one day. Or week. Or month. Now that Tony knew it wasn't long before everyone else knew."It's positive." He accused."Yep." Dizzy again she rested against Steve. What a weird thing."I'm not ready to be a grandpa!" Tony cried.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor

freeform: 
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Thor Is Not Stupid
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Frigga (Marvel) Lives
NSFW
Bouncing quarters off of Thor's ass
needs to be a tag
Lactation Kink

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor

