Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark hated his body.   No, that wasn’t entirely true.  What he hated at the moment was his body’s biological quirk that was currently making his life even more difficult. As if an alien army led by a vengeful demi-god and the resultant destruction hadn’t been enough to deal with.   A rage monster,  a couple of spies with all sorts of tricks up their sleeves (or in Barton’s case, lack of sleeves), the demi-god’s buff blond brother and a thawed out alpha supersoldier all rounded up and thrown into the fray while being expected to play nice with each other.  Of course Tony Stark hadn’t been  good enough for the goddamned Avengers Initiative until the shit started hitting the fan.  
At least it seemed Fury hadn’t told his teammates about Tony’s dirty little secret. A secret that, with a few minor exceptions, he’d been able to cope with and succeed in spite of for over twenty-five years now.   Everyone knew Tony Stark was Iron Man, but he was also  one of a very small minority: an omega. 
Over 90% of the modern population remained ‘standard’ humans after puberty ran its course.  But for god knows what reason,  a small remainder mutated further: with best estimates being that alphas outnumbered omegas by about three to two, regardless of gender. The imbalance between the two subpopulations was the subject of much debate.  Tony’s personal hypothesis was that Mother Nature made more alphas because they tended to be so goddamned reckless with their own lives; based on the ones he knew, it was an absolutely valid observation. 
Whereas alphas usually leveraged their biological tendencies towards positions of power and influence, omegas were perceived as fragile, flighty creatures ruled by their emotions.  While artistically creative, they were generally thought incapable of being relied on for clear decision making, or complex cognition.  It was bullshit of course, like most stereotypes.  After all, Tony had been three-quarters of the way towards being one of the youngest graduates ever  at MIT (with a double major in Applied Physics and Mechanical Engineering to boot) when he first started showing signs late in the year after his sixteenth birthday.  
----------------------------------------------------
Thank god he’d come home during Christmas break to discuss those indicators with the Stark family doctor.  While John Streiten was officially a member of the SHIELD Medical Research Division, he’d also taken on the responsibility of monitoring the health of the top members of the organization and their families.  Streiten was also a thoughtful and discreet man who took Tony’s complaint of an odd, painful cramping low in his abdomen seriously.  After Tony mentioned a couple of other embarrassing symptoms,  he subjected his patient to some half-naked poking and prodding. Tony could barely bring himself to look the doctor in the eye for the rest of the appointment.  
Finally, the doctor took a blood sample.  “I’m almost positive I know what’s going on with you, Tony,” he said in a reassuring voice, “but knowing your father, I’ll need rock solid evidence.  I’ve coded your sample so no one outside of this office will know who it belongs to.”  
“So, if I have some sort of STD, they can’t sell the info to the tabloids?”  Tony asked, suddenly worried that his first tentative forays into having a sex life had left a nasty souvenir despite the precautions he’d taken.  
“No, that’s not what we have to be concerned about. But I want to wait for the results before I say much more.” 
A week later, Doctor Streiten asked Tony to bring his parents with him to the after-hours follow-up appointment.    Howard had stormed out as soon as the word  ‘omega’ was mentioned, while Maria burst into tears.   Tony sat stock still, a thousand thoughts running through his mind.  His entire life had just been turned upside down. 
“Now, Mrs. Stark,“ the doctor said, hurrying to reassure her, “there’s a lot of misinformation out there about omegas, and alphas, for that matter.  Movies and television cater to the lowest common denominator and dramatize everything.  There’s no reason Tony can’t finish his schooling, pursue whatever career he chooses and have a happy, fulfilled life.  Why don’t you go find your husband and let me talk to to Tony alone.”    She nodded, dabbed at her face with a handkerchief and left the room. 
“Okay, Doc, be honest with me,” Tony said.  “Don’t bother trying to make me feel better about all this.”
“I was being honest,”  Streiten responded mildly. “Most omegas find their cycles to be only a minor inconvenience, especially once they have a partner -- who doesn’t necessarily have to be an alpha, mind you.   In the meantime, there are devices that you can use to help relieve the physical aspects of a heat.”  Tony felt his face turn beet red; he had a pretty good idea what the doctor meant, based on the unaccustomed urges he’d started feeling. 
“For what it’s worth, the mental and emotional aspe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Flashbacks
Surprisingly Canon Compliant
Eventual Smut
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Knotting
No mpreg
Bonding

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

