Chapter 1: Tea and Toast
    




Chapter Text
Everybody who is anybody knows that Anthony Edward Stark is a strange one. What was that song from Beauty and the Beast? – ‘she really is a funny girl that Belle,’ well, the same thing could be said about Tony Stark. Even people who have never met him know that the bloke is quirky. Stark was notorious for his weird ticks, although most of the time they were brushed under the carpet, explained away by the fact that geniuses through the ages were often strange and socially awkward. Look at Einstein. Perhaps it was true that there was a strong correlation between heightened intelligence and social ineptitudes. Just type ‘socially awkward geniuses’ on Google and thousands of articles and results turn up.This was something that Stark was thankful for.It wasn’t often that life threw him a bone, beyond the silver spoon in his mouth that he had been born with, and he was never one to look a gift horse in the mouth. However, every now and again he pondered how much easier his life would be if those around him actually understood the reasoning behind him being so socially awkward. He was fed up of being constantly accused of rudeness, arrogance and simply being dismissed as an asshole. I mean yes, he is also a bit of an asshole, but his issues run far deeper than him simply being a prat.Apparently it took a world class archer, an ex-assassin, a giant green rage monster, a super soldier from seventy years ago and an AI to realise this.

Tea and Toast

If there was one thing in life that Clint couldn’t stand, it was rudeness. He’d been raised to be polite in the circus, to never be rude to a visitor as they were the paying customer, after all. Of course every now and again he earned himself a good kick by the ringmaster for forgetting his pleases and thank yous’, but on the whole he tried his best not to offend anyone (with the exclusion of those he was about to assassinate, since it didn’t really matter if he was polite to them or not – they were often dead within a minute of meeting him anyway).So, when he had heard that Stark had been taken sick down in the lab (not getting any sunlight and living off of nothing but coffee for a week did that to a guy, especially one with a weak immune system and compromised lungs), Clint had gone down to visit him bearing grapes, a rather rude ‘Get Well Soon’ card, snarky remarks, a mug of tea and some toast. He’d dumped these by Tony’s bedside, the genius having been wrestled (literally) into bed by Steve and doped up by Bruce. However, instead of thanking Clint for his rare moment of thoughtfulness and considerate behaviour, Tony had refused the offering.“Tea? What do you take me for, Katniss, some jumped up English boffin?” Tony remarked. His usual sassy tone was somewhat diminished by the sniffles and coughs that interrupted his speech.“Gee, thanks for the gratitude Stark, next time I’ll just leave you there to wallow and rot down here.”“That sounds like a great idea.” Tony sassed. “Off you fly, Tweetie-Pie. And take your disgusting tea with you.”Clint scowled, chucked a grape at Tony’s head, left the tea and toast out of spite and ignored Tony’s call after him demanding a cup of coffee instead. Stark shouldn’t be drinking any more caffeine anyway.“Maybe if you weren’t such a rude jerk I’d bring you some!” He yelled back when Tony launched a grape back at him, followed by a coughing fit that made Clint wince and place a hand to his own chest in sympathy. Tony’s cough had intensified from a common cold to a full on chest infection due to his reactor and the poor bloke sounded dreadful, his throat raw and his usual cutting remarks lacking their usual gusto.Clint almost felt sorry enough for him to go and make the bloke a coffee despite the situation.Almost.
Tony scowled and buried his face back into his pillow as soon as Clint had gone, leaving him alone in his room once again. Frankly, his chest was agony and even breathing hurt, not that he’d admit it. If there was one thing that Tony clung to, despite everything that was thrown at him, it was his pride. He knew that he had pissed Clint off (again) and glowered, wiping his nose angrily on the back of his hand before letting out a low groan. He was desperately thirsty and he really did want something to drink, which is what made the mug of tea beside him even more irritating. It was like a temptress, a siren song, but everybody knows what happens when you submit to such things. There was no way that Tony was ever going to drink tea again, let alone eat toast – he hadn’t since that day.
Tony sat in the back of the car, sobbing into his skinny arms as the car around him was cut away by firemen. The right side of the seven year old’s head was agony from where it had been smashed against the car window and there was something thick and sticky oozing down his face and neck. To
ny could smell burning and metal and…Tony didn’t want to think about that, but when he looked up at the fireman t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony-centric
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Angst
What Have I Done
Don't let me near characters you love - I will hurt them
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Anxiety Disorder
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Crying
Men Crying
Misunderstandings
Tony Stark Needs Sleep
Sick Tony
Sick Tony Stark
Abuse
Exhaustion
Exhausted Tony Stark
That should so be a tag already
Self-Hatred
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
tony stark has self esteem issues
Tony needs love and kindness
I'm Sorry
Cave flashbacks
Rape/Non-con Elements
Non-Consensual Touching
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Non-Consensual Blow Jobs
Underage in one chapter
Sexual Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Author is so sorry for chapter 3
I'm Going to Hell

fandom: 
None
