Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Chapter 1
Peter was on his way home from training with the Avengers, after he got bit by a radioactive spider during a school field trip to Oscorp, he went to the Avengers for help. He told his Aunt and Uncle about his issue and they agreed that he needed to get a handle on his new abilites. He would train with the Avengers every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. He quickly formed a close bond with the team.When he got to his street in Queens he saw police cars and an ambulance at his house. He broke into a run and got there in time to see two bodies in body bags being wheeled away. Peter couldn’t breathe when he saw the bodies of his Aunt and Uncle. Captain George Stacy came up to him, they knew each other through his daughter Gwen, who he went to school with. He also knew about his abilities, and he knew how to keep a secret.“Peter” said George“What happened?” Peter asked“Peter, this isn’t the best time to”“What happened?” Peter repeated“Someone broke in, he shot them and stole their car, we’ll get him Pete.” George saidPeter ran from the scene with George being unable to catch up with him due to his abilities. He found an alley, opened his duffle bag and took out the red and blue training suit Tony Stark made for him. He ran across the rooftops searching for his Uncle’s car.
Meanwhile at Avengers Tower…
“Ms. Romanov” said FRIDAY“What is it?” asked Natasha Romanov AKA the Black Widow“There has been a shooting at the Parker residence, Ben and May Parker are deceased, and Peter appears to be in pursuit of their killer.” FRIDAY answeredNatasha didn’t waste any time, the rest of the team was out on a mission, and she volunteered to stay and train Peter. There was a tracking system in Peter’s training suit just in case he was captured. She got to her car and floored it to catch up with Peter.Peter had found his Uncle’s car, he chased it via the rooftops, he saw it come to a stop in front of an old ware house, wanting to keep the element of surprise, he entered the ware house through the roof entrance.Natasha tracked Peter to the warehouse, she went through entrance, her pistol at the ready. She hoped she had made it in time to stop Peter from doing something he regretted. She heard the sound of fighting. She ran toward the sounds to find Peter confronting the murderer.“Please don’t hurt me” said the killer “just give me a chance, JUST GIVE ME A CHANCE.”“What about my Aunt and Uncle, did you give them a chance, did you?” replied Peter with pure rage in his voice. He grabbed the killer by the neck and lifted him against the wall, “ANSWER ME” Peter said as he took off his mask.Natasha saw Peter just stop and put the guy back on his feet. The killer pointed his gun at Peter’s head and right when he was going to pull the trigger, Natasha shot the gun out of his hand, and Peter knocked the guy out with one punch.Peter turned and saw Natasha approaching him. Peter then looked back at the murderer, and to his horror he recognized him, “no it can’t be, that face I saw him running down the street on my way home last week, I got out of the way.” Peter began to cry, “It’s all my fault, they’re dead because of me.” Peter said as his voice broke as he sobbed. Then Natasha’s arm was around his shoulder. When Natasha looked into his eyes she saw a boy whose world had been completely shattered.“Come on Peter, let’s get out of here” Natasha said and Peter nodded and put his arm around Natasha to steady himself because he was so exhausted. They got to the tower, and Natasha took Peter to her room. Peter got into her bed and she tucked him in.Once Peter was asleep, Natasha grabbed some pajamas and left the room to change. Once she had done that, she called Captain Stacy to inform him that Peter was safe and sound at the Tower. Then she went back to her room to find Peter tossing and turning, she immediately went to his side.He woke up and Natasha embraced him “I’m here Peter” she said“They’re gone, I’m alone.” Peter replied as he sobbed into her shoulder.“Don’t say things like that little spider” Natasha said softly as she stroked his back to comfort him, “I’m here, the team and I will take care of you.”Peter fell asleep in her arms, she stayed with him that night, he needed a comforting presence to help him sleep. The next morning Natasha left Peter in her room asleep, she went to the kitchen to get breakfast ready. She heard the elevator doors open and in walked Clint Barton AKA Hawkeye.“Thank god, you’re here Clint.” Natasha said“I’m sorry, we got in pretty late when we heard the news, is Peter okay?” he asked concerned for the young man.“He’s fine, he is my room asleep.” Natasha replied, “Can you take over while I go and check on him?”“Yeah, of course.” Clint replied as Natasha walked back to her room.She opened the door and saw that Peter was beginning to wake up. Peter opened his eyes to see Natasha coming to his side.“Hey little
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Parent Natasha Romanov
Friendship
Team as Family
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

