Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The invitation on the antique pine wood vanity is beautiful. Expensive black parchment with gorgeous calligraphy written in gold ink. Even the room pales in comparison and the room is stunning. Nicer than any place Steve’s ever been to. Walnut walls and polished hardwood floors covered in a beautiful rolled out rug right in the center. A huge crystal chandelier hangs from the ceiling, throwing soft prisms of light that pirouette across the whole room. Thick curtains are drawn over the arched windows -- Steve double checked to make sure they were pulled closed when he first entered the room, though, at this time of night and on this floor of The Armory, it’s unlikely anyone out on the darkened side streets of Brooklyn would be able to see him anyway. There’s a four poster bed in the middle of the room and wardrobe pushed up against the wall. The whole thing, Steve suspects, is supposed to be reminiscent of an older time. A classic period. The Victorian Era mixed with today’s modern fashion, maybe. There’s even a dress code and everything. All part of the illusion. Steve’s dressed in a very expensive tuxedo that he didn’t pay for. Rented. From Van Dyne’s shop, too, so it’s a designer fitted just for him. He can’t lie, he’s feeling pretty dang dapper in the thing. White shirt with a piqued winged collar. Herringbone pattern on the black vest. The thin black tie compliments the whole get-up. He’s even got himself a dark blue pocket square. The only time Steve’s ever had this nice of a suit on is when he was a groomsman at Tony and Pepper’s wedding. As a beat cop, Steve doesn’t exactly get many reasons to dress up. He’s more of a t-shirt and jeans type of guy. Still, that doesn’t mean it doesn’t feel nice to get all spiffed up every now and then. And Steve hasn’t put on the mask yet.  It’s the mask that makes the whole costume exquisite. Silver and antiqued and encrusted with diamonds. Fake, of course, but they glitter like stars even in the dimmest of light. It’s ornately shaped with delicate curves and twists of silver. It’s designed to fit over the top half of his face. To hide it from the other guests at this thing.Steve’s hand shakes as he reaches for the mask to put it on and add the final touch to his outfit. He fumbles with it a little. Needs to fiddle with it to get it to sit right on his face, but once he does, he takes a step back to get a good look at himself in the mirror. For about one second Steve feels good. Sees a man looking back at him in the glass that knows exactly what he's doing. Exactly one second later, that man in the glass is laughing, wondering if maybe he’s been lured into a trap for some strange, ritualistic sacrifice, and Steve leans over the vanity shaking his head at himself.“Oh, man, Rogers, what’re you doin’ here?”There’s nothing really wrong with being here, Steve supposes. Lots of people come to parties at The Armory. Despite the illusion of exclusivity, it isn’t exactly difficult to procure an invite. All it really takes in a paying the entrance fee. A somewhat considerable fee, but not one that limits access to only the world’s rich and famous.A lot of couples attend, but so do plenty of unattached Dominants. Which is why Steve’s here. Ever since taking his orientation test his senior year of high school and testing as Dominant, Steve’s been on the look out for The One. Not someone to boss around. Not someone to be some cruel, abusive dictator to as others use a submissive’s gifts for. Steve’s not interested in that. He’s what his mother used to call a True Believer. A real romantic, his best friend, Sam, calls him. Wants the full package. Someone to love and cherish and spoil and dote on. Wrap up in a big fluffy blanket to feed chocolates to after a candlelit dinner. And of course, maybe more importantly, maybe not, Steve’s not sure, someone who needs their own desires met. For Steve to be that someone who they trust enough to give up control to.   People’d been surprised by his results. Well, people who didn’t know him already. All they saw was the skinny, shrimp of a kid he used to be. Not the one who had started putting on weight and height or who he was inside. The one who had a biological and psychological need to take care of someone, and a physical desire to remain as in control of any situation he can as possible. Steve’s loved ones -- his closest friends and family members -- hadn’t been all that surprised to learned he’d tested as Dominant. Ever since he was young, Steve hated feeling out of control. Hated that sensation of chaos that whirled through his mind. He’d always felt like he was falling. Wind just billowing around him as he desperately attempted to grasp onto anything that would help slow him down.  So for Steve, testing Dominant has always felt right. Finding his perfect submissive, then, is right, too. In theory. Thing is, Steve hasn’t met the right subm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Explicit Sexual Content
BDSM
Heavy BDSM
Explicit Consent
Dom Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Impact Play
Bondage
Love at First Sight
One Night Stands
Spanking
Anal Fingering
Gags
Porn with Feelings
Heartache
Hopeful Ending
Sex Work
Sex Club
Public Sex
Situational Humiliation
Consensual Kink
Caning
Flogging
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending
bdsm fairytale

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Maria Hill/Sam Wilson

