Chapter 1: Waking Up - Darcy/?
    




Chapter Text
Darcy was warm.
This was not, technically, unusual, since she was snuggled in bed and seemed to be fully covered by the snow-white hotel duvet. However, Darcy was an inveterate snuggler, so she could tell, even when less than half-awake, that the warm presence at her back was not her enormous Hulk body pillow with built-in heater.
The arm curled heavily around her waist kind of put that one to bed.
So did the hot, insistent press of one of Darcy’s favorite things against the back of her thigh. Now that is my kind of wake up call.
Darcy didn’t recall taking anyone back to her room after the applied astrophysics conference’s opening dinner, but then:
“Ugh, Darcy, let’s get out of here and find a real bar.”
“Someone say something douchey again, Doc?”
“Dr. Moran just tried to imply I used his work as a- and I quote, Darcy- jumping off point for my research.”
“The heck? He’s not even a real astrophysicist.”
“I know, right?”
“Let’s go find a real bar, Jane.”
Darcy was feeling surprisingly un-hungover, for all that she now vividly recalled many hours of carousing, boozing, flirting, dancing, and maybe a spot of drunken karaoke (the best kind, in her opinion).
The previous evening was now mostly back in her brain, total recall- ok not total, or else I’d remember who this arm and this dick belong to. Such were the thoughts of a sleepy Darcy who felt, maybe, still a little drunk.
Ok, definitely a little drunk still, because it took her a second to realize she had pressed right back up against her mystery bed buddy and was unsuccessfully trying to wriggle so his morning wood would slot neatly between her thighs and she could return the favor of a wake up call. Darcy loved returning favors, so she wriggled a little more firmly.
The fingers splayed on her belly twitched, and Darcy grinned to herself. Mission Wakeup Call: successful. New mission, should you choose to accept it: two orgasms before breakfast.
A gravelly voice above and behind her head replied, “Mission accepted.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Unknown
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Jack Rollins

freeform: 
Mystery Character(s)
SHIP DARCY WITH ALL THE THINGS
the plot before the porn
Science
astrophysics conference
Pre-HYDRA Reveal
taserbones
TaserHawk - Freeform
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Morning After
Sex Pollen
Closet Sex
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Fingering
bad things happening to good coffee
Strike - Freeform
SHIELD Agent Darcy Lewis
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Established Relationship
captain america doesn't get days off
Succubus Darcy Lewis
Surprise nudity
Self-Rescuing Princess
Protective Avengers
Theatre
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs
look the play was really bad ok?
Crack
Dom/sub
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Creampie
Anal Fingering
Surprises
Masturbation
Exhibitionism
De-Serumed Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Tiny Steve Big Dick
Couch Sex
Asthmatic Steve Rogers
Cowgirl Position
Female Ejaculation
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Library Sex
Alternate Universe - College/University
Semi-Public Sex

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Unknown
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Jack Rollins

