Work Text:
Tony Stark was a billionaire, a genius, iron man, and what most didn’t know he was an omega. He hid the truth knowing he’d have alphas attempting to force a claim on him. Bonds couldn’t be broken so he avoided them by simply making everyone believe he was an alpha. It was easy enough not that it didn’t cause issues when he and Pepper had begun dating. She was an alpha and two alphas dating wasn’t looked upon well by the public.
Pepper hadn’t minded it and she took care of the fallout of the public learning of their relationship. He should have seen the signs of their relationship breaking after the battle of New York. He had remained hopeful but then Extremis happened. Pepper had finally had enough and in her anger left him just before his heat. Only the worst alphas did that to an omega. The strain of being rejected by a long time mate especially one that an omega loved caused the omega to go into a different kind of heat in an attempt to attract a new mate. Tony wasn’t a normal omega though and while he’d had the arc reactor removed in hopes to make things right with Pepper it hadn’t saved their relationship and his heart still wasn’t the strongest.
He felt the powerful heat coming on and collapsed with his mind telling him he needed an alpha.
“J-J…where are the avengers?”
He just needed to be fucked to end the unnatural heat. If this went on for long his heart wouldn’t last. His entire body was screaming for a mate to make up for the rejection of the woman he’d loved. Even if she had claimed he didn’t love her as much as he did his place among the avengers.
“I’m afraid all the avengers are out Sir. Captain Rogers left with Mr. Wilson to look for the winter soldier, Agent Romanov and Barton are on a mission, Mr. Odinson returned to Asgard an hour ago, and Dr. Banner left for India this morning.”
He understood they each had lives to live but his brain was just telling him he’d been rejected and abandoned again. The heat increased sensing the rejection of more alphas as his scent increased to try and attract a mate.
“F-fuck…J…suit…now…”
The AI summoned his suit and he stumbled into it and began flying but his heat muddled mind couldn’t think straight. All he knew was he needed an alpha but rejection clouded his mind and when the suit came crashing down he couldn’t keep himself conscious through the painful heat working to attract a mate.
He blacked out and he could almost feel his heart protesting the overwhelming heat. When he opened his eyes he was lying on a soft bed of furs and his suit was in the corner of the room. He looked around confused but he couldn’t process anything as slick was practically pouring from his ass to prepare for an alpha knot. He couldn’t remain sitting so he collapsed back to the bed moaning as he rubbed against the furs.
“It appears our uninvited guest is awake.”
Tony’s body sensing an alpha was increasing both the heat and his scent making him whimper.
“L-loki?” He asked his vision blurring under the heat’s effects.
“Yes, I assure you I have no intention of harming you. Since my defeat I am of no threat to you and your realm. I had wondered what was wrong with you as this is not a condition I’m familiar with. My companion sought answers and it appears you are in a very unusual heat due to a rejection of a mate you loved. I do not know any who would be so cruel but if there is an alpha you desire I shall deliver you to them.”
Tony can’t think as slick is nearly pouring from his hole and down his legs.
“F-fuck…can’t…bad heart…can’t wait…”
His senses pick up the scent of another alpha and his mind goes crazy because his body is telling him there are two alphas that could mate him.
“Fuck me…please…”
Loki enters the room and makes Tony look up at him. His body cools feeling the touch of an alpha but he also notices the green of Loki’s magic that clears the fog of his mind a bit.
“You will have a few moments at most with my magic to think clearly. Do you truly desire us to fuck you?”
He sees the other person there and recognizes him as Steve’s best friend turned brain washed assassin. He really doesn’t have a choice because his body is already pushing its limits.
“Yes, please fuck me.”
His mind returns to its foggy state and he feels his lips taken by the alpha. Loki tastes like fresh fallen snow. He melts into the touch as he feels another set of hands stripping him of his clothing. The warm and cold contrast of hands tells him it’s Bucky with his flesh and metal hands. He whimpers as those skillful and dangerous hands pinched his nipples. A possessive growl comes from one or both the alphas he isn’t sure. He cries out when Loki finally releases his lips as he pushes two fingers into his slick and eager hole.
“Fuck…fuck me…don’t need stretching.”
“Yes you do, we will not harm you.” Bucky whispered against his ear while his metal hand reached to begin stroking his neglected cock.
Tony whimpered as he let the alphas do as they wanted with him. Loki’s skillful fingers stretch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Loki (Marvel)
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Not Pepper friendly
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mpreg
Threesome - M/M/M
Gift Giving
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Loki
One Shot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

