Work Text:
The building was the same as he remembered.Green grass stretched over the long lawn, neatly trimmed bushes. A security guard sat in the booth at the entrance and another sat in an open golf cart. It could have been the outside of a country club. Then you drove over the hill and saw the outdoor garden. Scrub-dressed nurses pushed patients of varying awareness around the cobblestone path in wheelchairs, some nurses holding small towels incase the patients drooled.The whole thing screamed helplessness and Tony hated it- hated visiting the hospital.The entrance guard waved him through, and Tony drove his car down the familiar path to the parking lot. Happy had stopped coming to the hospital with him after the first few times when he realized that there weren't any threats that could catch Tony off guard here and Raven would never let a threat to Tony walk on.The door that he visited was right off of the parking lot, one of the few rooms that had doors to the outside. He entered the familiar key code and pushed the door open.Tony had been in many of the rooms over the course of visiting. Most were small with white walls and white tiled floors, only a bed in the corner and button to call for help. Not this room, though. This one was colorful, each wall holding a different color scheme and a different design. Bookshelves were scattered, filled with books on various subjects. Canvases were stacked up in corners, some filled and some waiting to be filled. A flat screen TV was propped up on the wall. Bright, mismatching furniture was scattered throughout the room. A large pillow sat in one corner, the mammoth dog atop it only looking up, seeing that it was him, and wagging her tail slightly. The patient was staring out the window, a contrast to herself.She had long black hair falling in tangles, skin a pale tan, and eyes bright green. She was wearing a long, flowing white tunic and black leggings, fingers and toes were covered with rings of different colors and small gems. Multi-colored, tasteful, artwork showed on her arms, and peeked over the color of her shirt to swirl slightly to the back of her neck.He coughed and she whirled around, smiling at him even though her eyes were unfocused. "Tony!" She seemed to float over to give him a hug, burying her head in his chest. She was the only one that never seemed to notice the arc reactor. ("What the fuck is in your chest, Tony?")."Hey, Raven." He said, kissing the top of her head. He was one of the four people alive that was able to connect her real name to this patient, but he as one of them he also knew that she loathed her name. Any nickname was fine, but not Harriet James Lily Potter Black Slytherin Gryffendor Blah Blah Blah."Have you come to help me escape today?" She said. He shook his head, smiling at her. It was the familiar argument.They had tried to take her back to the Stark Tower before it had become the Avenger Tower, before even Obie's betrayal. She hadn't been able to last long, though. Too many people caused her to loose focus more, each person she touched caused her to spout facts about them, even when Tony tried to herd her upstairs she had relived the things she had seen in touching them."Not today. Have you been making any friends?" Tony asked. Raven smiled at him and twirled him to the ugly purple couch that she had insisted on buying online when he brought her a computer."Nurse Calli and I are meeting for breakfast sometimes, but that may just be because she unlocks the doors and lost her mother a few months ago. She likes it when I can talk to her mother for her." He sat down and she curled herself into his side. "I even went outside the other day with her. She talked to Chris, her boyfriend and another nurse, and he kept everyone away."She talked to him about what happened when he was gone and he listened, taking in every detail and not letting his mind stray.He had long ago learned that she already knew everything about him, knew it as soon as he had helped her up from the ground the day they met. He knew that he only had to talk about things if he really wanted to, that she would never push him and understood if he stopped half way.Tony sometimes felt bad unloading all of his emotions on a girl that most thought of as crazy, but Tony knew as a survivor. He tried to protect her from everything that he could though. When he had hacked into SHIELD to see Fury considering her for the team he had removed her name.She had already fought so much. The doctors said she was Crazy. She said she was Lost. He said she was Physic. Tony had first met her in the lobby of Stark Towers when he was twelve.He had been in his last year of high school, the seniors getting the day off from school for whatever reason. He had wanted to go with a few friends for lunch, Tony paying of course, but Howard had said no. So instead Tony had been forced to come to the towers to work on the latest project that he was assigned.She had been sitting in the lobby, waiting
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
fem harry
Quirky Harry
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

