Work Text:
Tony was listening to his mother tell him about the vacation she and Howard were planning when Friday interrupted them.“Pardon me, Boss, but Spider-Man is here. He’d like to know if you are available.”Tony wanted to tell Friday to tell the kid to run for the hills to avoid the tongue-lashing of a lifetime, but his mother was watching him with that ‘take one wrong step and you’ll get it’ look and Tony was trapped. Shit.“Uhm, tell him to meet me in the lab.”“Tony.”“Yeah, mom, I know. I’ll talk to him.” Better him than his mom, he thought.He did not run out of the room and her disapproving glare, because that would be cowardly and beneath him. He was a superhero, and he was not afraid of anything. Absolutely.“Mr Stark!” Peter exclaimed as soon as Tony walked in the room, bouncing about like he was on speed (Jesus, the kid was even more high-strung than Tony had been at that age – but still adorable). “Mr Stark, my project was selected for the State-wide competition!” He took the mask off, showing lots of white teeth in a wide smile. “It’s so awesome! Thank you so much for all your help!” He rushed at Tony and hugged him (kid was a hugger), careful not to crush him with his super-strength, which Tony really appreciated.“That’s great, Peter, I’m really happy for you.” He grinned back and felt awful for the fact that he was about to burst the kid’s happy bubble.Dum-E rolled over from his charging station to say hi to Peter. “Hi, Dum-E.” The bot made an inquiring beep and tilted his arm in the direction of the kitchen area. “Oh, okay, I’d like a drink, if that’s what you’re offering.”Dum-E let out a series of excited beeps and rushed off. “Not coffee!” Tony yelled out at his bot. Peter on coffee was not something Tony wanted to handle. “Friday, keep an eye on him.”“I’m on it, Boss.”“So, I have some ideas on how to make it better, my project I mean, and I was hoping that you could help me with it a bit. I mean, if you’re not busy. You’re probably busy, it’s okay, I get it. I just…”“Peter, slow down. And yeah, I’d love to help you.”“Awesome!”And now Tony felt even worse in the face of the kid’s unbridled enthusiasm. Sometimes being an adult sucked.Peter started talking a mile a minute about his project and Tony listened, figuring he might as well let the kid have some fun before the lecture. Dum-E brought over some fruity thing he’d taken to making lately and circled them as they talked, making them laugh. And if they got distracted taking science, well… who could blame him?“Boss,” Friday said some undetermined amount of time later, a warning note in her voice.“Yeah?”“I’ve been asked to remind you of a certain conversation you need to have with Mr Parker. And I’ve been instructed to tell you that you are running out of time.”Oh, great, now he felt like a kid stalling to do his homework. Next thing his mom would show up and tell him he was grounded. Who exactly is the adult here?“Is everything okay, Mr Stark?” Peter asked with a frown.“Okay, Peter, here’s the thing,” he began, then realized he had no idea how to do this. How did one tell an underage superhero that he couldn’t be out superheroing without his guardian’s consent? (Or at all, really, Jesus…)Peter looked worried now. “Did I do something wrong?”Well, that was a really tricky question, wasn’t it? Shit. “Okay, okay. The thing is… Peter, this Spider-Man gig… it’s… well, really dangerous and I’ve been awful in encouraging it, and encouraging you to keep it from your aunt.”“You didn’t do that, I asked you not to tell her.”“Yeah, well, that doesn’t really get me off the hook. I mean, I should not have listened to you on that.”“Are you… are you going to tell Aunt May? Oh, Mr Stark, please don’t. Please.” And now Peter was looking at him with puppy eyes and Tony really didn’t want to continue this conversation. Because he was a coward. And he didn’t want to hurt the kid. Or his aunt.“You see, I don’t want to do that. But…” But his mother was right that letting the kid keep this secret was incredibly irresponsible of him. Borderline criminal, really. Christ, he was such an idiot.“Mr Stark, you can’t tell Aunt May. She’ll flip! She’ll… I don’t know, but she will not be happy.”“Yeah, well, hate to break it to you, kid, but that really isn’t something to be happy about, you know.”“I’m doing good!”“Yeah, I know, but… you’re a kid. It’s not your responsibility.”“But I have these powers, Mr Stark. I didn’t ask for them, but I have them. And I have to… I have to do good things with them. Because… my uncle used to tell me that with great power comes great responsibility and he was right. And now I have these powers, so that means that I also have the responsibility to use them to–”“Okay, I’m gonna have to stop you there, ‘cause that line of thinking… that’s dangerous, Peter.” He took a deep breath. “Look, I get it, I really do, but that’s… you’ll drive yourself crazy thinking like that. Listen to me, kid, shit happens. Shit happens and it’s not your fault. It is 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Parenting
Dialogue Heavy
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

