Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve has always been convinced that the universe is constantly plotting against him.Whenever he has deadlines or time sensitive plans, there's a ninety-eight percent chance that something is going to happen that will make him late or make him miss it all together. Like the train being six minutes late when he has a once in a lifetime opportunity kind of interview or one of his former bosses letting him go right when he desperately needed money for his mom's treatment or his brain deciding to stop working and letting him fall asleep in the middle of doing countless assignments last minute, the list is endless.He has always seemed to have the absolute worst luck and he constantly raises both middle fingers at the universe whenever something bad or straight up shitty happens. The universe is out to get him, he's positive of that.Sure, the universe has thrown him a bone every now and then, like when he finally hit a growth spurt and grew a foot in height and put on muscles and his immune system stopped being crap, or when he held his daughter in his arms for the first time. But the universe is mostly cruel.Disaster always has the worst timing in Steve's experience.“Come on, come on, come on,” he mutters under his breath as he turns the keys in the ignition for the fourth time.For the past three, the engine of the car rumbled for a couple of long, miserable seconds before dying out. This fourth time is no different and Steve lets out a heavy sigh and slumps forward when the car refuses to cooperate, letting his head fall and thunk against the steering wheel.“Fuck,” he lets out in a sigh and closes his eyes.“Language,” a voice behind him says immediately, sounding way too delighted while he's over here having a minor break down.Steve lifts his head up from the wheel and twists around in his seat to look at the one behind him. Cassidy, his seven year old daughter, is grinning widely and toothily at him from where she's sitting, dressed for school and strapped to her seat. She's practically beaming at him for having called him out on his cursing.Again.“Why do you always use my own words against me?” he asks, tilting his head and raising a brow. He tries to put on an annoyed expression but the delighted smile on his daughter's face makes it hard to fight the smile that pulls on his own.“Because uncle Sam says I have to,” Cassidy answers and Steve rolls his eyes.“Yeah, well, you uncle Sam is a butt,” he says and Cassidy laughs. At the sound of it, Steve can no longer hold back a smile and lets it grow.However, the smile slips off of his lips soon enough and, with a defeated sigh, he turns back around and leans heavily against his seat as he digs into his pocket for his phone. “Sorry, Cassie,” he says and unlocks the phone to go into his contacts. “Looks like you're not gonna make it to school today. Car ain't working.”“Can I still see Ayanna today?” Cassidy asks after a pouting pause.“Sure,” Steve says and presses call on Natasha's number, lifting the phone to his ear. “We can go over to her house later if her dads are okay with it.”Cassidy hums thoughtfully for a second, fiddling with her seat belt, before she shrugs and says, “Okay. Can I hang out with you today then?”Steve looks over his shoulder and smiles at her. “I would love that,” he tells her and she smiles brightly back at him.The phone he has pressed to his ear rings for a good ten or so seconds before the call gets picked up, Natasha greeting him with an annoyed sigh and a, “What did I tell you about calling me before lunch time when I've just had the night shift?”“Hey,” Steve drawls, dodging the question by pretending he didn't hear it. “Remember when you said you knew a good mechanic? Yeah, I'm gonna need one.”♜It takes a good twenty minutes for the tow truck to arrive. The man who picked up the phone when Steve called the number Natasha gave him (“Commando Auto Repair, this is Gabriel speaking. What can I do for you this meh morning?”) told him it would take about fifteen but Steve isn't complaining about the extra five minutes of waiting.Not when it means five more minutes with his daughter that he usually wouldn't get because she's usually at school at this time of day. And especially not when it means Cassidy climbing on him like he's the swing set in Sam's backyard, not a second of silence between them while she talks and asks question after question that Steve does his best to give her answers to.“Seven's a real curious age, watch out,” Sam warned him a few years ago but Steve didn't think it would be this bad.Or, well, bad isn't really the right word. It's not terrible or as tiring as Sam made it sound (most of the time, at least) but Steve didn't think it would be this level of curious. Cassidy asks about everything between heaven and earth and beyond, and Steve almost can't keep up at times.Regardless of whether or not he's able to answer her nev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Minor Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Minor T'Challa/Sam Wilson
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Kid Fic
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Single Parents
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bearded Steve Rogers
Mechanic Bucky Barnes
Gay Bucky Barnes
Canon Disabled Character
Fluff
So much fluff it's disgusting
Light Angst
Sexual Content
Slow Build
POV Steve Rogers
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

