Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time the kid showed up at Avengers Tower, Tony wasn’t around.  Friday had gotten him taken care of; medical care, food, and a place to crash.  It was in her protocol to offer safe haven to any Super that came there asking for help.  It didn’t happen often, but he did put the word out quietly that Avengers Tower was a safe space.  The fact that he had programmed it in didn’t mean that he remembered!  That was why, when Tony walked through the common area, he hadn’t been expecting the kid.  It was hard to surprise Tony Stark, but finding Peter Parker shirtless and bruised on his couch did it.  “… didn’t know I was running a home for wayward boys,” Tony said as he approached.  Peter turned, showing off an impressive bruise on his cheek.  “Did you get the number of the bus that hit you?”“Funny you should mention a bus,” Peter slurred as he flipped his phone around and showed Tony footage from youtube of Spider-Man being slapped in the face by the Midtown Express.  “Ah….”  Tony winced and pulled back.  He’d been hit pretty hard in his day, but not quite like that.  “Sorry I crashed without…”  Tony waved off the inane babble.  Of course the kid was welcome if he needed a place to crash.  It was no secret that Tony had been keeping tabs on Peter Parker for awhile and clearly Peter was now willing to step into Tony’s world.  Well, willing if he’d just been bitch slapped by a bus.  “May thinks I’m the substitute at an electronics competition in New Jersey this weekend.”  At least the kid was good with excuses and his aunt seemed to take him at face value.  Maybe it was that puppy dog look he did or the fact that he had the face of an angel.  “I’ll stay out of your way.  Your A.I….”“Friday,” Tony supplied.  “Friday,” Peter nodded.  “She said it would be ok.”  “Yeah, she would,” Tony joked.  “You’re fine, kid.  You look like hell, though.  Have you actually seen a doctor or did Friday just scan you?”  “I scanned him, sent the information to three doctors, and compiled the results, Boss,”  Friday’s pleasant lilt filled the room.  “And I think you know, there is no just to my scans.”  Tony had to admit that she was right.  He did, though, take a minute to look the kid over.  Peter was surprisingly unconcerned by Tony’s gaze, stretched out on the sofa all long, lean lines.  The thought caught Tony off guard and sent him in the direction of the bar.  He nearly offered the kid a drink, but stopped short.  “You got anything you need help with?”  Oh, and there it was, Tony thought.  Eager to spend time with him, Peter’s eyes were wide, smile a little mangled from the damage, but open.  That was going to screw the kid over in the end.  No one should look that earnest and not be faking it.  “I mean…. I’m sure you have machines that can…”  “Yeah,” Tony just needed him to shut up.  “Yeah, I’ve got something for you.  Get dressed and meet me upstairs.”  Tony just needed some space.  Why was he thinking about the long, knobbed line of Peter’s spine with such clarity it was almost painful?  With that thought lingering, Tony left pretending to read something as he mentally flogged himself for even looking at the boy.  BOY, Tony’s brain shouted at him.  OFF LIMITS.  Tony didn’t do well with ‘off limits.’  This time he couldn’t fuck it up, though.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Older Man/Younger Man
Mentor/Protégé
Alcoholic Tony Stark
Pining
Tony Feels
Dry Humping
Consensual Underage Sex
Guilt
handjob
Rimming
Drunk Sex
Frottage
Jealous Tony Stark
safe sex
Pushy Harry
Sexual Harassment
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
First Time
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

