Chapter 1



Notes:
This is it! The Asgardian 70k+ sex heavy fic that I've been mentioning on and off for months. It is finally done! Yaaay! The lovely and wonderful rightsidethru is betaing this for me and she is seriously a freakin' gem. Her help is phenomenal and her nickname for this fic continues to make me giggle. Send her lots of warm wishes and hugs for being so lovely. ♥But, okay, to this story. People who were here in the Fractal days know that I post on a regular schedule and this will be the same. This story will be posted at roughly the same day/time as this every two weeks. Why two weeks, do you say? Because this sucker has such long chapters, that's why! They're like 8k at the very least, so let me enjoy making you suffer between updates, hehe.PLEASE NOTE: Since this is a super sex heavy fic and I have a few readers who aren't keen on sex scenes, I've put a little ** in the text to signify the rough start and rough end of the more prep/penetration sex scenes. Before that you might get some sexual thoughts and nakedness/kissing, but the hardcore stuff should be skipped? Let me know if you think it should shift and I'm happy to do that. But this way, if you wanna read the story minus the sex, the asterisks should help you out :)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“I can rid you of your problem.”Anthony had spun around abruptly to face the speaker, his eyes were wide with unexpected surprise and his hand had moved to the nearest sword on the bench beside him instinctively. Loki didn’t fault him for that reaction; no one liked to be startled and Loki had teleported directly into Anthony’s workshop while the other was alone. Before that, Loki had waited in his chambers, magically watching Anthony’s residence until he’d known that they wouldn’t be disturbed. It took Anthony a few shocked moments to recover from his initial reaction but when he registered who was speaking, the weaponsmith relaxed his grip on the hilt of his blade. The suspicion and irritation, however, didn’t fully leave his eyes. People hated when Loki teleported near them – but, of course, it could also be said that Anthony didn’t like Loki being near him. Loki didn’t know for certain which option it was, but he still tried not to let the latter sting him too much. “Prince Loki,” Anthony addressed the other cautiously before responding to his words. “What do you know of it?”“I know it exists,” Loki tilted his head. “Would you not consider that to be knowledge enough?”Anthony gritted his teeth, but he also put the sword back on his work bench before turning to face Loki once more. The relaxation and willingness to talk was... promising. “Why would you offer to assist me with it?”It was something that Loki had debated over for some time since discovering Anthony’s little inconvenience. He knew he was not the most… prized or personable of people, and that he had a reputation of only doing something that would gain him what he wanted in return. There were few who sought to gain his favour for political or social assistance for that and numerous other reasons. Simply put, Loki was not what people wanted.He was a trickster, a mischief-maker, and the man that everyone turned to as a last resort. People only made deals - ones they could hardly stomach - with him when they were desperate enough and unable to turn anywhere else. Loki didn’t want that from Anthony, however; he didn’t want violent disgust at the mere thought of him - but Loki also knew that what he wanted and what he could gain through honest methods would never actually align. Loki had to take the opportunities where he could find them.“You are aware that I’m never one to turn down a favour.”Anthony’s eyes might have cleared to something understanding and shrewd, but he didn’t lose his tension nor his caution. “... and what would you want in return for doing this?”Loki didn’t hesitate in his reply; he didn’t want to show how nervous and how full of longing he truly was for the other Asgardian. He also kept his answer simple. “You.”Anthony blinked and Loki had to resist the urge to tilt his chin, to overcompensate for a confidence he didn’t feel.“Me?” Anthony was quick to start seeking clarification when he continued with: “In what way do you want me?”Loki let his gaze trail over Anthony, pointed and slow. When he reached Anthony’s eyes again, Loki told him, “You are intelligent enough to know, I think.”Anthony didn't quite recoil, but the shock was impossible to miss. "You would bargain for a night in my bed?""No. I would request a night of having you in mine."Anthony's eyes narrowed sharply. "Why?"Loki laughed a little harshly. "I think that would be obvious.""Why would you ask for this?" he clarified with a scowl. "Why request that when there are far more useful things that you could be asking me for?"Loki glared slightly. He also added a bite to his tone in warning when he responded, “That is my decision to make, Howard
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Wordcount: 50.000-100.000
Asgardian Tony Stark
Prince Loki (Marvel)
Unrequited Love
Loki-centric
Loki Feels
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Angst
Poor Loki
Tony Being Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Gratuitous Smut
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Propositions
Propositions & Deals
Developing Relationship
Desire
Attraction
Pining
Asgard (Marvel)
Æsir | Aesir
Possibly Unrequited Love
Angst and Porn
Angst and Feels
Emotional Hurt
Bathing/Washing
Bathroom Sex
Bath Sex
Magic
Illusions
Masturbation
Blow Jobs
Aftercare
Attempted Blackmail
Fake/Pretended Friendship
Loki is an idiot
Developing Friendships
Loki Has Issues
Magic-Users
Wall Sex
Sex Magic
Sneaky Frigga (Marvel)
Awesome Frigga (Marvel)
Flirting
Miscommunication
Oblivious
Relationship Problems
Communication Failure
Bad Decisions
Heavy Angst
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Emotional Constipation
Realization
Feelings Realization
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Emotional Roller Coaster
Ouch
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Denial of Feelings
Tony Feels
Protective Frigga (Marvel)
Redemption
Courtship
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Angry Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

