Work Text:
When Wade wakes up, he’s lying face down on the ground in the middle of what he thinks is a sewer. Which, what?
What happened?

Something explosion-y, no doubt.
“Guys, I cn’t ‘member anythin’,” he mumbles. His voice is muffled against the dirty ground, yet still loud enough to echo around the sewer unpleasantly, hurting his newly-healed ears.
We can’t help you. Sorry, buddy.
He scrunches up his eyes and blinks rapidly, trying to make out where he is. Vaguely, he remembers coming down here to search for someone, but that’s all. He’s pretty sure it was SHIELD’s idea. It’s always their idea.He listens for any signs of life in the deafening silence, but nothing seems to be happening.“I guess we got them?”
We’d better.
He tries, painfully, to get to his feet, which is when he notices his suit has been blown to smithereens. This would be literally the worst thing ever, if it wasn’t for the fact that his skin isn’t actually scarred.“What the fuck?”
 “Petey, hey, it’s Wade.” He taps the phone restlessly. “I kinda have some news.”Peter sighs audibly. “What is it, Wade? Did you fuck up the op? Tony’s gonna be really pissed off, and don’t even get me started on Fury.”So, it was SHIELD’s fault. He knew it!“Look, I don’t actually know-”Peter makes a strangled sound. “You don’t know if you fucked up?”Wade chews his lip and twiddles his thumbs. “I don’t really, um, remember anything. I mean, I know that’s not news, but I can usually remember what’s happened, like, five fuckin’ minutes ago, alright? Also, I think I might be hallucinating. Did you guys drug me?”Peter sounds suddenly suspicious. “Not that I have any doubts about the state of your mental health, but why do you think you’re hallucinating exactly?”“I sorta lost my scars?”There’s a tense silence. “So, normal?”“Yeah?”“Dammit, I fucking told Tony not to send you down there. I knew they were meddling with some serious shit, but I didn’t think they’d be able to reverse your regenerative abilities.”Wade clears his throat. “See, that’s the thing, Spidey. I still have my powers. I even blew my brains out and everything, just to make sure! That takes dedication, man. Dedication. I got blood in my hair, too.” He perks up suddenly. “Oh, right! I got hair now, Petey, like in those shampoo commercials!”Wade can feel Peter’s eye roll, even though he can’t actually see it. He briefly wonders if he might have a sixth sense. Peter Sense. That’d be pretty cool.“Alright, alright. I’ll get Bruce and Tony to look into it, which means you’re going to have to come to Avengers’ Tower. Try not to break anything on the way up.”“Sir, yes, sir!”He salutes, despite the fact that Peter’s not able to see him.
 There’s a bored looking secretary sitting at the entrance desk. Wade feels kind of bad for her.“I’m here to see the Avengers?”“Clearly.” The secretary raises a stern eye to him, then blinks, and blushes furiously. “Sorry, sir, go on ahead,” she amends, stuttering slightly. “The elevator’s that way. You’re going to want the top floor.”
That went well.

Wow, it was almost as if she actually liked us! Imagine that!
Wade walks nervously to the elevator. Does he have something on his face? Is he really hallucinating? Oh God, maybe he should have worn the mask... and perhaps the suit and tie was a little much. He only wanted to seem professional, okay?He presses the button for the top floor hurriedly, suddenly wishing he was at home, eating tacos and watching shitty TV.The elevator screeches to a jarring halt, makes an obnoxious dinging sound, and opens to a chaotic scene. The place is messier than all hell, and Wade decides he likes it.Seriously, this is awesome.“Hey guys, you wanted to see me?”Natasha drops her coffee cup, Clint chokes on his pizza, Bruce drops his pen, Tony and Steve double take simultaneously, and Peter looks like he’s seen a ghost. This type of reaction only happens on a certain occasion.Fuck. He must still be scarred. Oh, wonderful, just great. He’s probably traumatised the Avengers. They’re going to get PSDT (or whatever the hell it’s called), and he’s going to go down in history books forever as “That One Guy Who Fucked up the Avengers with Just His Face.”
We’re doing so well today.

We’ve already ruined at least seven people’s lives! Score!
“Guys?”Tony coughs awkwardly. “Right, uh, you’re here to witness our scientific prowess!”Clint’s pizza slides out of his hand and lands on the floor with a loud splat.“You know, the miracles of Stark tech? My genius?” Tony looks pointedly around. “Science? Everyone?”Peter seems to snap out of his daze. “Science, yeah. Sorry about them, they’re just, um, drunk.” He glances at Tony and Steve, seemingly begging for help. “Totally drunk. We had a wild party, and things got a little out of hand, right Dads?”“Yes, right,” Steve continues. He gives Peter a reassuring pat on the shoulder. “Not that we’re letting our son drink irresponsibly, of course.”Peter bites his lip. “To the labs?”Clint stares absently at Wade’s chest. Nat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Crack
Superfamily
pretty!Wade
What Have I Done
Oh My God
seriously

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

