Work Text:
They all missed the compound.Well, everyone except Scott and Barnes, who had never been. But the rest of them, Steve, Sam, Wanda, and even Clint, who had only been there a few times, they missed it. Sam could tell. He could tell when Steve paused before opening his bedroom door, knowing that inside would be a single, empty bed. He could tell when Wanda made them dinner on her cooking nights, hesitating before picking up spices. He could tell when Clint opened his mouth to the ceiling and then closed it, momentarily forgetting that there was no fully functioning AI running the house. And Sam missed it too.He missed Stark teasing Steve about his need to wash the dishes by hand. He missed the early morning scrambles for coffee. He missed Natasha pulling knives out of nowhere and waving them dangerously in their faces. He missed waking up at three in the morning from nightmares, knowing that Vision would always be in the common room to just sit next to. He missed swapping service stories with Rhodes when he visited. He missed the small herb garden that Stark had always remembered to water, even though the plants were Wanda’s. He missed how every room felt like it was full of people even when it was empty.Here...here all the rooms were empty, even when they were full of people. Sam didn’t know if the others felt that too, but he could only guess. With the way Wanda’s smiles were only ever half ones now, with how Clint’s signing was always slow now, and with how all of Steve’s hugs were as hollow and empty as the rooms felt.He didn’t know if the other two sensed it, but Scott and Barnes seemed to. Scott, who had always been so energetic, always talking, always moving. Scott who was now quiet and seemingly unsure of how he should act, dialing back his usual self for the sake of the others. Although Sam felt that they could all use some of Scott’s ever present happiness. But even that was gone now. And Barnes...well, Sam had no idea what was going through the former Hydra agent’s mind.James Buchanan Barnes went back under ice for a much shorter time than anyone thought he would have. Sam thought it would’ve been years, not one month. By how Barnes reacted when he woke up, he thought it would have been longer, too. None of them had thought that it would that short. Then again, none of them had thought that they’d receive a pair of glasses that could connect to someone’s hippocampus, find traumatic memories, and then project said memories onto an exterior infrastructure in order to help the user through traumatic experiences. The glasses, as T’Challa, their gracious host, had informed them, were donated anonymously to the Birnin Zana Institute of Health Sciences along with a document describing their capabilities. Sam knew instantly who the anonymous donor was, and he was almost certain that Steve knew as well. Neither spoke of their knowledge, however.No matter how hard he tried, Sam couldn’t get a read on Barnes. Despite the progress he had made, he still wasn’t the same Bucky that Steve remembered. And Sam didn’t think he ever would be. The Winter Soldier still came out sometimes, although the time between these “instances”, as they were referred to as, was becoming longer each time. Barnes was quiet. He was calculating. He was cold. He smiled more and more as the months went by. He hugged Steve back once. He was improving. Yet Sam still couldn’t shake the feeling that overcame him when he met those icy blue eyes. He knew that Barnes wasn’t to blame for all he had done. He knew that Hydra was the cause of all those deaths ( so, so many deaths  ). He knew those things. But Barnes had been the one to kill. Been the one to ruin Steve. Been the one to attack them in DC. Sam knew it wasn’t his fault, but  Jesus Christ  it had been one hundred  million  people he’d almost ended the lives of and Sam would never forget that. Maybe Steve could forgive him for that (and so,  so much more ), but Sam couldn’t. Not yet. Maybe not ever.They had been in Wakanda for five months when everything came crashing down.Wakanda was a small bubble, separated from the rest of the world. Normally Sam would have been pissed by the country’s inherent opposition to interacting or sharing things with the rest of the world (“A cure for cancer, are you fucking kidding me?!”), but he was grateful for the shelter it provided. Grateful for the mist that shrouded the country, a physical representation of how they were hidden from the rest of the world. Of how they were cut off from the rest of the world. Of how they were imprisoned within four floors of a tower, the doors locked for their protection and the windows thick enough that not even the Hulk could break them. At least this prison has AC,  Sam kept telling himself.A prison is a prison. It doesn’t matter how nice the mattresses are or how fast the Wifi is, a prison is a prison.What was the point of hiding out in a country full of wildlife, laughing and smiling people, marketplaces th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Hurt No Comfort
not really - Freeform
Miscommunication
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
basically everything Tony Stark
Steve Needs a Hug
Steve messed up but we still love him
Sam is his own person
So is Bucky
Angry Clint Barton
Awesome T'Challa (Marvel)
thank God for Peter Parker
videos
Wakanda
Protective FRIDAY
United Nations
Sokovia Accords
Politics
like a lot of politics
probably too much politics
Robert Gates is my Lord and Savior
Not A Fix-It
but also not not a fix-it
just kinda...there
Hand wavy science
spot the GotG Vol. 2 reference
Not Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
this was written before that even came out
reluctant father figure Tony Stark at his finest

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

