Chapter 1: Panic Button
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"You have a son?" Steve looked Tony dead in the eye. "You have a son. And you didn't tell any of us?" The entire team was gathered in the kitchen at the Avengers compound. They had all been having breakfast when Happy walked in, asking where 'the kid' was, and why he wasn't answering his phone. This prompted a lot of "what kid?" questions and Tony had no choice but to tell his teammates the truth. Happy quickly left the room, not wanting to be a part of what was about to go down.
"Adopted son. Adopted him two years ago from today, actually." Tony shoved his hands in his pockets and looked away.
"Why keep this a secret from us?" Steve asked, the hurt clear in his voice. It had been a bumpy road since their fight in Siberia, but Steve and Tony finally considered one another friends again.
"Can't believe you didn't tell me...I thought we were friends?" Rhodey looked at him in shock.
"You never asked," Tony shrugged. "I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to make another pot of coffee. Who wants some?"
"Tony. Don't change the subject. Why the hell would we ask if you had a child?" Steve sighed.
"I don't know. You ask about Clint's kids all the time."
"Because we know they exist," Bruce muttered. "Where is your kid, anyway?"
"Back in Queens. I think."
"You don't know where you son is?" Natasha leaned forward in her chair, "I can't believe anyone would even let you adopt a child."
"Okay. First, rude," Tony took a deep breath. "Second, Peter is almost 18. Sometimes he lives here, sometimes he lives at the tower, sometimes he stays with Ned, a buddy of his. Peter does his own thing. He'll show up somewhere eventually."
"Jesus, Tony!" Rhodey dropped his head into his hands, "this is no way to raise a child! What if something happened to him?"
"Nothing happened to him. And nothing will happen. He's more than capable of taking care of himself. Besides, I made him a suit, just in case."
Natasha clenched her fist. She took a deep breath, trying to remain calm. "You can't just give a child an Iron Man suit and expect everything to be fine. You better call your son right now-"
"I already did. Peter's fine," a new voice spoke from the doorway. Everyone turned to see Spider-man standing before them, hands on his hips. The wall crawler was the newest member of the team, having joined shortly after Tony took him in two years ago.
"You know about Peter? And you have his number?" Sam glared at Tony. "You trust bug boy with this and not us?"
"Actually, I knew Peter before he was adopted. We went to the same school," Spider-man said quickly. "He's with Ned, by the way. He'll be back later."
"What brings you here, Spidey?" Wanda asked. She still had tons of questions, but she was suspicious about why Spider-man was at the compound. It was a long way from Queens, and the wall-crawler only made the trek if they had a mission or meeting.
"Mr. Stark wanted to meet with me, something about my suit needing fixed?" Spider-man said. Happy had been blowing up his phone for the past few days, demanding that he come back to the compound. Spidey decided he should actually show up before Happy reached through the phone and strangled him.
"Oh, yeah. That's right. I need to put that tracker back in your suit. And you need to stop ripping it out," Tony grabbed him by the arm and pulled him out of the kitchen.
"I don't need you following my every move, Tony." Peter snapped at his adopted father.
"I'm not following you. Just making sure I can find you if you end up bleeding out in an alley somewhere." Tony muttered. Once they were in the lab Tony locked the doors and got to work on putting the tracker back in Peter's costume. "I guess it's time for Peter Stark to make an appearance..."
"I have to get back to Queens, I have finals tomorrow." Peter sat shirtless on a table, kicking his legs back and forth. Tony had his back to Peter, not letting him see where he put the tracker. The name Peter Stark repeated over and over in his head. Legally, his surname was now Parker-Stark. Although, everyone just shortened it to Stark. Peter still wrote 'Parker' on all his school work.
"This weekend then. Happy will pick you up."
"I can't. I...have band practice."
"You're not in band. Anyway, The Avengers are all up my ass about this. And they aren't going to leave me alone until they get answers. Happy will pick you up from school on Friday. End of discussion."
"Okay, dad," Peter said the last word as sarcastic as possible.
 
"Spidey! Wait up!" Peter had his hand on the door, about to make his escape when Wanda looped an arm around his shoulders. "Got a second?"
"Not really."
"Great, come with me," Wanda drug him to the lounge, where the rest of the Avengers were waiting. Minus Tony, who was hiding in his lab. "We just wanted to ask you a few questions-"
"Can you ask them later? I-I have to get back to work," Peter stammered. 
"Sit down, son,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Takes place two years after homecoming
slight spoilers for the movie
the avengers are back together
Adoption
Identity Reveal
Superfamily (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
dad tony
Peter is 17
Avengers - Freeform
Humor
Hurt/Comfort
Conspiracy
Trust Issues
Bisexual Peter
Action/Adventure
Angst
Team Bonding
Family Bonding
Stony - Freeform
classic spider-man villains
lots of them - Freeform
Hurt Peter Parker

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

