Chapter 1: Washed Hair, Clean Face.
    




Chapter Text
Peter can stop a bus with his bare hands. He’s strong, strong enough to lift a container at the air-port. Strong enough to fight Captain America and his metal armed friend. But Peter is currently being crushed under several tons of building. He can’t breathe right, and there’s water rushing over his head, he breathes in and gets only a mouthful of wet fabric. His lungs are aching, and he manages to yank the mask off, tilt his head so when he breathes there isn’t too much water trying to rush into his lungs.Peter’s lungs ache, his back aches, and there might be a piece of rebar cutting into his left leg.Peter aches.“Please, someone help.” He pleads, he’s not sure if he’s crying or if it’s just the water running down his face. All he knows is that he’s scared, and this time Mr. Stark isn’t coming to save him, and that means Mr. Stark isn’t coming to save anyone else the Vulture could hurt, it’s just Peter.‘If you’re nothing without the suit, you shouldn’t have it.’ Peter refuses to be nothing without the suit, not when people could get hurt. His lungs are still screaming, but he forces himself to breathe, and push up. The rubble shifts, there’s dust in the air and he still can’t breathe. He pushes harder. Drags himself upright on will power alone.He has a fight to win, a plane to stop.…“What the fuck?” Aunt May is absolutely pissed, and Peter is absolutely dead.“It’s not what you think.” He blurts, looking around the room, she crosses her arms over her chest. Not buying it then. “I’m cosplaying.” He offers, sounding too much like he’s asking a question.“You’re full of shit is what you are, take that damn thing off and take a shower. We’ll talk about this when you don’t smell like a high school gym.” She points towards the bathroom, he’s relieved to have a break. He can handle this, he just has to think of what to say. “Go, now. You have 15 minutes and then we’re talking.”“Okay, thank you Aunt May.” He practically runs into the bathroom, turning the water on while stripping out of the suit.“Aunt May, I know it’s dangerous, but I need to do this.” He tells the mirror. What about when you get hurt? You’ve already gotten hurt. Is this how you got that blackeye? “Yeah that’s how I got the black eye, and the split lip.” Peter, you can’t just throw yourself into danger like this. “Aunt May I need to do this.” Even in his head he knows it’s a losing argument.“I’m so dead.” He groans, stepping into the shower. It’s not totally warm yet, and the cold water hits his face. Suddenly he can’t breathe. There’s water in his mouth in his lungs.“I can’t do this, I can’t do this, I can’t do this.” He feels like his chest is being crushed under tons of rubble, like his lungs just can’t expand. “Please, someone help.” He whispers, the panic making his lungs constrict. He can’t breathe, can’t think. He doesn’t know how long he stands like that, just knows that his fingers left bruises on his chest.“Peter, you okay in there?” Aunt May yells, banging on the door. Peter jumps, stepping back out of the spray.  His heart is still racing in his chest.“I’m fine Aunt May!” He calls back, stumbling out of the shower and grabbing a towel of the wrack. “Be out in a second.”“Good, we really need to talk.” She replies, he uses his webs to turn off the shower. He takes a deep breath, and he puts his clothes back on. He needs to talk to Aunt May.…Peter is absolutely totally fine, so what if he can’t really wash his hair in the shower. If he angles the shower head towards the wall so his head is never under the stream, and keeps the water really hot he can shower. Except, his hair is starting to get really greasy.“I can do this, I can do this.” It’s a mantra now, he just needs to get his head under the water for a second. If he gets his hair wet that’s a start. He turns to face the spray, and there’s water in his eyes. He hits his elbow on the wall, and knocks over Aunt May’s conditioner when he stumbles back.“Peter? Are you okay?”  May asks, knocking gently on the door.“I’m fine, slipped a little that’s all!” He calls back. His heart is beating rapidly in his chest, and he slumps down into the tub. “Fine, I just can’t wash my fucking hair.” He mumbles to himself.“Be careful.” May calls. He stares at the water. There has to be a way to do this without getting water in his face. An idea occurs to him then, and he grabs onto the ceiling pulling his legs up and crawling over the shower stream. Now if he just tilts his head back he can get his hair wet and keep his face dry, grabbing the shampoo and scrubbing it into his hair with one hand, the other clinging to the ceiling. Eventually the shampoo washes out, and he drops down to turn the water off, dropping directly into the spray.“Fuck.” He gasps, and his heart is already racing. He makes a grab for the towel on instinct, trying to dry his face off. He winds up with soaking wet fabric pressed over his mouth, and his lungs too tight to breathe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Vision mentioned
Anxiety Attacks
giant squid attacks
drowning mentioned
Panic Attacks
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluffy Angst
dad tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

