Work Text:
"I want to see him."Steve has a good three inches and half again the muscle mass on the guard blocking access to the infirmary's ICU. He draws himself up to make the most of it, but the guard shakes his head."Rules are rules, Rogers." He's annoyed by the number of times he's had to repeat himself and the word 'compassion' doesn't seem to be in his vocabulary."Five minutes." Steve is angry enough to push past him, but he's trying not to blame a man for simply doing his job.The guard folds his arms, leaning against the doorway, staunchly refusing to be intimidated by Steve's size or the uniform. "How many times do I have to tell you no? I'll say it again." He makes sure to enunciate. "No."A short, balding man in a white lab coat peeks his head out from the blue curtain drawn around Bucky's bed—the head of the team of doctors who came running the second they brought Bucky off the quinjet. He sees Steve and comes over."Is there a problem?" It's directed at the guard.He scowls. "Yes. Cap is demanding to see that fucking psycho. I told him he can't."Blood boiling, Steve advances on him. "That's a decorated American soldier you're talking about. I'd show a little more respect." His fist is clenched, but Steve knows punching the guy won't solve anything, just like he knows Bucky has left a lot of death and anger in his wake. Steve turns to the doctor. "Five minutes. That's all I'm asking. I just want to see my friend."The doctor sighs. "I'm afraid SHIELD policy applies to you the same as everyone else. Only family and spouses or partners designated in your personnel files are allowed in the ICU."He and Bucky might not be related by blood, but Steve dares anyone to suggest they aren't family. "I'm designating him now. There wasn't much point when I thought he was dead. Now let me see him. No one's breaking the rules." If this doctor really needs proof, he can dig through the old SSR files where Bucky is listed as his next of kin.Both the doctor and the guard stare at him with the same scandalized shock. It sets Steve's blood boiling all over again. What did they expect him to do? Deny how close he and Bucky were because it might prove inconvenient for Captain America now? The doctor recovers himself, yet still looks as though he can't believe what he heard. "Five minutes, Captain. But if your record isn't updated the next time you ask, I'm not letting you in here again."**A nurse finishes connecting another bag of fluids to Bucky's IV. "Can he hear me?"Bucky's lying on his side, hooked up to various monitors that beep in a rhythm Steve already can't stand. The SHIELD doctors claim the explosion of energy that hit Bucky in that grueling moment when he crushed the Cube in his fist to make the memories stop was too much for a human body. Tests show he has a version of the serum, but they can't promise Bucky will wake up or what he'll be like if he does. The look on the nurse's face is all pity—for Steve. "No one knows."Steve stands over the bed with a lump in his throat. Once again, this is all his fault. All he wanted was to save him. "Is he in pain? From the radiation?""We don't know that either." The nurse clips the bag in place and turns to go. "They say it helps if you hold the person's hand and talk to them. Hearing is the first sense we regain and the last one we lose."Steve knows this from when they brought him out of the ice. He doesn't want Bucky to wake alone, confused and disoriented the way he did. Bucky's been through enough.The nurse leaves and Steve takes Bucky's hand. Not the cold piece of machinery the Russians gave him in place of his missing arm, but the real one, the one Steve remembers brushing just for a heartbeat before Bucky fell away. Steve grips his hand tight now as if that could change the past. Bucky's fingers are warm and they squeeze back instantly, but Steve is sure it's just a reflex."Hey, Buck," he chokes out anyway, in case he can hear him, and without letting go of him, pulls up the stool by the bed.**Steve doesn't know who alerted Fury, but he's a storm ready to break when Steve's five minutes are up. One look at his face, and the nurses and aids on duty suddenly find their computer screens and piles of disposable bed linens too fascinating to look away from. "You want to join me for a little chat in my office, Rogers?" Steve stiffens, but lets himself be hauled off without incident. He got his five minutes. The least he can do is show some respect for the other patients by taking the inevitable argument elsewhere. He's marched in angry silence down the hall and into the elevator. Fury doesn't say a word until he slams the door of his office behind them and barks, "Sit." Steve sits, shoulders squared, defensive. He had every right to see Bucky."You care to explain to me why you neglected to mention the nature of your relationship with the god damn Winter Soldier?"Steve's chin comes up. "It's been common knowledge since the war that Sergeant Barnes and I were close. Close 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Caretaking
First Time
Slow Dancing
Misunderstandings
Virgin Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

