Chapter 1





Chapter Text


We don't have to be stars exploding in the night, or electric eels under the covers.



We don't have to be anything quite so unreal, let's just be lovers.


(magnetic fields - a chicken with its head cut off) 
*** i. “Your backpack isn’t zipped.”Peter whirls around, all sense of momentum lost, as he sees the scooter dashing past him. Michelle lifts her fingers to her forehead as a salutation and disappears in the crowd.Peter darts in an alley and removes his backpack. Sure enough, one red lycra hand is sticking out from the mouth. In his rush to get back home in time for dinner, he forgot to do his zipper all the way in.But – she couldn’t have seen much, could she? It's just a hand.  “I saw you on Flushing.”Peter stares in earnest at his textbook and pops another carrot stick in his mouth. Maybe if he focuses really hard, Michelle will get bored and return to her book on Maya Angelou.“That’s not your street, right?”Peter shrugs noncommittally. “I was, uh, doing some shopping.”“For a Halloween costume?”His head snaps up in milliseconds. He almost gets a crick in his neck.Michelle flashes a rare and very confusing smile. It looks more like a smirk.He opens his mouth to ask her what she means exactly, but she simply burrows her head in her book, as if that marks the end of their non-existent conversation.  It’s tricky, cuz Michelle is the new head of the Decathlon. He really wants to do well on the team this year, so he can’t afford to alienate her. He doesn’t want to alienate her. Despite her antisocial ways, she’s…kind of cool. She vaguely reminds him of Bender from The Breakfast Club, only less violent. Still, she’s toying with him. She knows something, or she thinks she knows. And that can be dangerous.Maybe he’s imagining things. Ever since Liz left he’s been a little bit on edge. I mean, sure, he’s accepted that he needs to graduate high-school and take it easy, but that doesn’t mean he can just relax.He remembers that Michelle is very observant. She was the one who noticed when he quit the school band and the chess club. He has to be extra-careful around her.  “Do you need a ride?”It’s pouring so hard he can barely see the face underneath the hoodie. He recognized the scooter, though. The paint is slightly chipped in places, but the red is loud and brazen. Peter shakes his head, ducking under the terrace of the coffee shop. He’s run out of web, and he doesn’t like to use his suit during bad weather.“Come on. Hop on. It’s not like you weigh much.”“Hey, I resent that,” he mutters, because he’s quite proud of the muscle mass he’s amassed in the past months.Michelle rolls her eyes. “Whatever.”She looks like a wet dog with a few stranded curls plastered to her cheek.Peter isn’t sure he should accept, but the cold has seeped through his cardigan, so he jumps on behind her. There isn’t much room for both of them, actually, so she’s kind of sitting in his lap as she navigates the busy streets. He coughs awkwardly as he wraps his arms around her waist. This is the most he’s ever touched a girl.“You sure grip hard,” she tells him during a red light.“Sorry, uh, force of habit.”He tries to weaken his hold, but it’s probably no good. His spider-strength is not always controllable. If he’s crushing her, he has no idea.“You know, you should really wear a helmet," he says by way of conversation. "What for?""Safety?" Michelle scoffs loud enough for him to hear. He doesn’t like that he’s her object of amusement, so he changes tack.“How come you always know where I am?”It’s a legitimate question. It was odd running into her twice in a row outside of school.“I guess I have spider senses.”Peter grips her so hard that she almost wheels into a fruit-cart.“What the hell? You want to get us killed?"They pull to a rough halt. Peter hops out, feeling tendrils of adrenaline shoot out through his whole body. “Uhh, thanks for the ride.”“We’re not there yet,” she calls after him angrily, but he’s already made a run for it. Classic Peter.  Neither of them mentions the scooter incident at the Decathlon meet-up. Michelle is surprisingly good at leading a group. Her casual air of indifference is balanced with just enough authority to make the team work. Peter would genuinely commend her on that if he were not completely paranoid about her.“Pete?” she prompts and he tries not to jump at the sound of his name.They’re doing try-out questions for the biology section and everyone is being handed a card.He reads his question out loud. “What is the dose of antibiotics used in pediatric patients?”Okay, so this seems fairly innocent. But pediatric. It feels like a jab at his kid status.“Err, that should be 10 to 15 mgs every 4 hours.”Michelle nods sagely. “Cool. You’re not gonna kill any babies then. Your turn, Ned.”Ned is sitting across from Peter, and he looks a little pale all of a sudden.“What is the usual lifespan of the Achaearanea tepidariorum, also commonly known as the house spider?” he reads, swallowing thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Michelle
Peter Parker/MJ

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Banter
Awkward Sexual Situations
reluctant friends at first

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Michelle
Peter Parker/MJ

