Chapter 1: Midgardian Sun
    




Chapter Text
He was sure that she didn't remember, not with the way she had cried herself into drunken slumber in his arms. That did not mean he forgot. Not anything - not the painful slurs from her father that lingered in her mind, the barely visible scars across her arms and thighs from jumping into adulthood alone before she was no longer a child, how she had blubbered the name Yinsen over and over again like a regret. That night was an evening that haunted his memory and kept him awake during his nights on Asgard. He would stand at the edge of his balcony and later the Bifrost, as if gazing out into the star-strewn abyss would grant him sight of her. "They fought." Heimdall had informed him. "The Captain has abandoned her."He could do nothing more than duck his head down, praying for forgiveness. He should have been there with her. He could have helped her. He could have prevented one more nightmare from stealing into her psyche. 
He had seen women weep. He had seen warriors cry. Neither felt quite like seeing tears come to Tony's eyes, the valiance with which she fought them back for the better part of four hours. The Captain hadn't even seemed to notice the effect his words had. Vision had seen, but he didn't understand, didn't know what was within his power to do to make them disappear. 

He took it upon himself to be her guardian and companion that night, keeping close to her side and weaving her away from Captain Rogers and towards Dr. Banner. The good doctor, hugging the engineer tightly, cast him a grateful glance. Even in the company of two sentinels, however, Tony continued to drink. She was never without a full glass, but it was always of something different every time he cast her a glance. Dr. Banner was unable to stay the entirety of the night, so when the gala ended, it was up to him to bring her back to her floor, help her to bed. 

For someone so drunk, she was still incredibly poised. Still, the tide of her battle was turning against her in the lonely silence of the elevator. She was out of sight now - no need to keep herself as composed. He had an arm about her waist and she was leaning into him. 

"You're incredibly warm." She murmured, shifting to press her chest more against his side. 

"Does it soothe you?"

"The Reactor always hurts." She admitted, softly. "The heat helps."

"Then by all means." He pulled her closer, hugging her, resting his chin on the top of her head. "I am here whenever you need me."

She snorted, the sound coupled with bittering resentment. "You know, Steve said the same thing to me after New York."

He pulled back just enough to tilt her head up, holding her gaze steady. "I am not Steven."

She blinked and the first tear fell. She tried to speak, but nothing came out.
The sunless landscape of gold that was Asgard stretched out before him, a perfect platform for his thoughts. 
The dazzled way she looked at him when he reached down to kiss her hand . . . even Jane had not looked at him so, even as unaccustomed to the gesture as she was. He imagined Tony, a woman of power, wealth and status would have many people offer her the courtesy. Apparently not. 

"It's, uh, not really necessary." She said. After a moment, though, she couldn't keep back the grin. "You're more than welcome to keep going, though."

"Our initial meeting was tumultuous." He returned, smiling up at her from his bent position over the back of her hand. "Neither was time particularly afforded to us afterwards. So, I shall greet you now with the geniality you are deserving of. I hope to make up for lost time and manners."

She was even more dazed now, but her smile remained. "I think we're even. I did punch you in the face and throw you through a tree."

"Aye, you did." His smile got wider, more mischievous. "But such are the arguments of warriors. Tonight, you are the industrialist princess and I your escort. The courtly settings of a gala are nothing like the training grounds."

The gears were spinning in her head. He seen her conclusion in her gaze - an idiot berserker on the battlefield hides the political tactician of the court.

"I can only imagine the kind of swooning that happens on Asgard over you."

"Were I honest about it, I think you would like me less. Though, rumour tells me that you are not harmless either." He stood properly again, stepping into her personal space. She eyed him up and down, taking stock of the way his muscles tested the hems of the suit jacket. 

"Certainly no slouch. Gotta get ahead somehow, right? It's very interesting what you can get done during a dance in a low-backed dress. I've ironed out he details for three mergers in this hall alone."

He hummed. "I'm sure you were very persuasive."

She snorted. "Good thing Rogers didn't hear that. He'd have a fit. He already thinks I'm a whore. No need for more ammunition."

He tucked her under his arm, holding her against him beside the ornate bar. "'Tis something I've never understood
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Thor gives her one
Thor Is Not Stupid
Protective Thor

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

