Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter took a moment to stretch in the afternoon sunlight streaming through his window.  He had no plans and no homework he cared to actually do.  He wouldn’t explicitly say he was procrastinating, but somehow he’d spent most of a lazy Saturday trying to be useful around the apartment. After several attempts to help his aunt do everything from cooking to cleaning, only to get in the way of her ongoing chores, he finally decided to just throw on his newest suit and do what he knew best: Friendly, neighborhood Spider-man business.Which he’d wanted to do all morning.  He just enjoyed pretending there was more to his life than fighting crime and waiting on attention from Tony Stark.He perched on his windowsill, keeping an eye out for any onlookers that might notice him scaling the side of his building.  Though, with his heart not truly in the task, for once, he took whatever distraction came his way.  Like selecting the tiny lock on his display that he's never noticed before."This mode is age restricted," Karen intones as Peter asks about a little lock. The lock enlarges and shoots to the center of his field of vision. The periphery of his sight goes hot pink and there's an audible sigh that's not Karen's voice.   Karen said, "State your birthdate.""You don't know my birthdate?""To unlock age restricted content, state your birthdate," Karen responds.  She waits silently as Peter considers and after thirty seconds, the lock shrinks back into a corner of his display and his vision loses the pink hue."I do know your birthdate," she finally says. She states the actual day, month, and year.  Indicating his ripe old age of fifteen and Peter sighs."When will I have access to the age restricted content?""Whenever you state a birthdate that indicates your age is eighteen or above.""So, when I'm eighteen, I can unlock more power?""Power is not hidden behind the Cherry Picker Protocol.""I... see," Peter says. His mind boggling at the name.  Every other guard, lock, and protocol in his suit's programming had indicated Mr. Stark's sense of humor about his age.  Training Wheels, Baby Monitor... He'd even found out his parachute was called "Rock-a-Bye, Baby."Peter wonders what picking cherries might indicate. Nothing related to age, he assumes.  He asks Karen to select the lock, again.  The sigh seemed erotic, once he focused on it.  The hot pink enticing.  Even the lock seemed to have an almost heart-shape to it.  He's no expert on what Mr. Stark might be into, but everything about the suspicious, little icon seemed to indicate... porn?Peter stares at the lock as it spins slowly in place. "Can you tell me what is hidden behind the lock, Karen?""I cannot.""Apparently, you can tell me what isn't there."There's a pause before Karen responds, "That was a mistake. I will not make it, again.""Karen!""Mr. Stark would like for you to indicate your age as eighteen before unlocking these features.  He has also prevented your friend from hacking into it.""Why haven't I noticed the lock, before?""These features were recently uploaded to your suit from Avengers headquarters.""When?""This morning at 3:45am."Peter sits down at his desk.  Thinking.  Of course, he'd gotten dressed to fight crime.  Stop a few bad guys from nabbing purses.  Swing from a few lampposts.  Run across rooftops.  ...but the lock is too much of a mystery for him to ignore.  He can just picture himself trying to focus on a fight when the icon is still right in front of his face.  Tempting him."Alright Karen, one more time," Peter sits up at his desk.  Attentive because this -might- work. "Select the lock icon."Again, the erotic sigh.  High enough in pitch to seem feminine but perhaps a man's voice if he were right on the edge of...  Oh.  Oh jeez it actually sounds like his own voice.  Peter's confusion mounts. Why would any features uploaded to his suit at four in the morning be hidden behind his own voice during..."Karen," Peter takes a deep breath. "Did Mr. Stark remove the Baby Monitor Protocol, like I asked?""Yes, Peter."Peter sighs.  God, he's been such a gullible idiot with this duplicitous, obnoxious billionaire... friendship.  "...what did he replace it with, Karen?""Baby Monitor Protocol was replaced with the Heart Rate Monitor Protocol.""That doesn't sound too bad... I mean, at least he's not taking videos, anymore.""Whenever your pulse reaches an elevated state, your blood pressure can trigger a video recording to be made via your suit's eye sockets and your spider drone."Peter sat in stunned silence for a few minutes.  The lock minimized to the corner of his vision. Voice quaking with nerves because he already knew what he’d see, Peter asked, "Karen... can you show me a video of myself at three a.m. today?"A window appears. A virtual rectangle that hovers just in front of Peter as if he could reach out to touch it.  An image of him, recorded from slightly above eye-level, fades into view.  He’s seated at his desk in only boxers, w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Difference
handsfree cumshot
cum in clothes
Forced Masturbation
Public Masturbation
Dirty Talk
Begging
Clothed Erection
Daddy Kink
Erotic Electrostimulation
Sounding
Sensory Deprivation

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

