Chapter 1: Hooked
    


Notes:
10 June 2015- Minor edits were done to this chapter. Nothing major.5 September 2017- Major updates being made to detailing and some plot points. I wrote this before Winter Solider came out, so I'm trying to fix Bucky's personality a bit.




Chapter Text
She stood beside him, a pleased smile on her full lips. Her dark eyes sparkled in pleasure. "Tony, you spoil me." The woman sighed looking at the necklace that the Jeweler proudly presented to her. Tony smiled and kissed her temple. It was just them in the store, Tony having managed to find the perfect time to bring her over and show her the necklace. It was a beautiful necklace, silver as Indries preferred and with a ruby pendent encased in gold. "You like it?" He asked. The beautiful woman nodded."I love it." She replied. Tony took the necklace and draped it around her neck, clasping it."Nothing but the best." He murmured softly. She looked down at the ruby heart necklace and hummed in agreement."I can see that." Her eyes met Tony's, and took in their warmth and happiness. She smiled slowly, doing a slow twirl, feeling the eyes of both the jeweler and Tony fixed on her. "How do I look?" She asked, eyes only for Tony. "You look beautiful." Tony replied, stepping forward to kiss her gently on the lips. Indries closed her eyes, reaching to cup his face and stroke red fingernails through the stubble on his face. "Happy Anniversary Indries." Tony murmured against her lips and Indries smiled against him."Happy Anniversary Tony."One year and three months and six days had passed since Tony Stark left Loki. One year and three months and five days since he began actively dating Indries Moomji,Six months and twenty-one days since the two of them had moved in together, four months and sixteen days since they had sworn their love for each other on national television. Two weeks and a day since they had become engaged.One day since Loki decided he needed an escape.He had been holding it all inside for far too long. He needed to do something. Anything. It was pathetic really. Loki falling for the any that he had tried to kill once before. It was galling. Yet, Tony had stolen his heart. Loki didn't know how, was it his charm and wit or the way he held Loki's hand during one of the God's panic attacks? He had found a type of understanding in Tony. The similarities were jarring. Both brilliant and smooth talking, one scientist, one magic wielder. They had used their abilities to their advantage and when they felt slighted, it was their passion for science/magic that they fell back upon. Loki had found a sense of belonging with Tony. One he had never had on Asgard. Now, he was alone. Tony having found someone better than Loki could ever be. So after once again seeing them on the television in love and so very happy, Loki needed to escape for a bit. He could not leave Midgard and he dared not transport to another area of the damned realm. So, he escaped to the only place he could.The library. Many often went to taverns to drink away their woes, but Loki had a terrible alcohol tolerance and found Midgardian beer to be terrible. Not to mention he was still an enemy of the realm, even if no one besides SHIELD or the Avengers had any clue on what he actually looked like. Bless terrible quality video cameras. Still, a bar would not help. So, it would not do him any good to hide away in there. That was where things began to change...again. Call it fate or just luck, but Loki had been hiding away his own troubles when a new sort of trouble had found him.Loki had met Bucky Barnes inside the library. Many times Loki had turned to the library to read away his troubles. He had his own seat, in the back of the library near the fantasy section. Loki had been perched in one of the plush lounge chairs, reading The Hobbit, when he felt a pair of eyes on him. Slowly, Loki lowered the book and came face to face with light blue eyes. Loki blinked unimpressed."May I help you?" He questioned after a beat of silence. The man shrugged."That depends on what are you doing after you finish that book?" Loki rolled his eyes and motioned to the large stack of books sitting beside him."Take a guess." Loki lightly advised. The man laughed and Loki returned to his book without another word. Almost immediately he heard the sound of a chair being dragged loudly across the library floor. Loki lowered his book and glared as the man dragged the chair until he was sitting across from Loki, and plopped down in it. Loki blinked."Is there something you need?" He asked itching to return to his novel."Your phone number would be a good start." The man suggested. The God arched a thin brow."I have no phone." The other man just shrugged."Okay, don't give it to me, do you have a name?" He questioned."Yes." Loki replied and the man stared. Loki stared back."…Could you tell me?" The man asked, his voice feeling all to loud in the quiet of the library. Loki frowned, fingers drumming over his b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Indries Moomji/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jealousy
Tony Being Tony
Loki Does What He Wants
Bucky is a flirt
Lady Loki
Prostitution
Loki Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Thor
Tony Has Issues

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Indries Moomji/Tony Stark

