Work Text:
It starts, as all classic romance stories do, with some light street harassment.Peter’s walking down Austin Ave, clutching a paper bag from Martha’s Country Bakery in his hand. May’s been a little stressed recently, what with the revelation that her beloved nephew is also a masked vigilante who has near constant run-ins with death, so he figures the least he can do is buy her some pie. He’s got his head down and his headphones in, blasting the new Kendrick Lamar album which he’d downloaded after weeks of Ned telling him that “it’ll change your entire life dude, seriously.”, which means he doesn’t notice the two guys stopped on the footpath ahead of him, and almost walks straight into them. What he does notice when he looks up, however, is that they’ve got an angry looking Michelle Jones backed up against the wall.Peter wants to be able to say that he instantly punched both of the guys in the face, knocking them unconscious. The reality is he just kind of stared at them until they took notice and told him to “fuck off, asshole.” Peter’s brain is apparently actively rooting for him to get murdered, because all that comes out of his mouth is a stumbled “Why don’t you?”“Peter,” Michelle’s expression is somewhere between amused and exasperated, “It’s fine. I’ve got this.”“Yeah, Peter,” One of the guys echoes, putting emphasis on the ‘p’ so that a nice spray of saliva hits Peter’s face. “She doesn’t need your help. She wants to play with the big bo-what the FUCK.” He screams, holding both hands to his crotch, and Peter sees Michelle dart out from behind them and sprint down the street towards 71st. The guy she’s kneed in the balls has collapsed to the ground by this point, and his friend is staring at him in shock, giving Peter the opportunity to do the same to him and run in the same direction as Michelle. Traffic’s pretty light, as it’s 2:00pm on a Sunday, but a middle-aged woman sitting in her four-wheel drive is staring at him in alarm as he runs.He finally catches up to Michelle at the intersection between 71st and Austin, though he’s breathing hard by the time he reaches her. Peter’s never seen her run before today, and it’s apparent that she can be pretty goddamn fast when she wants to be. To be fair, any person would probably be that fast if they had two relatively large, angry dudes potentially chasing after them. Her face is completely unreadable, though that’s common enough that he doesn’t really think anything of it.“I’m not going to thank you, you know.” She says, lacking preamble as always. “You’re not a hero because you kicked some guy in the balls after I’d already ran away.”“I didn’t-I wasn’t-”“Good.” Michelle nods, smirking a little. “And don’t tell anyone about this, either. I mean, I know you and Ned like, share a consciousness or something, but this isn’t really a story I want circulating.”Peter has finally regained his ability to form intelligent, full sentences, and manages to say “We do not share a consciousness!” in time for the lights to change and Michelle to begin crossing the road, the complete opposite way to where Peter is going.“Keep telling yourself that!” She yells back, not even bothered to turn back to face him. He almost expects her to pull the finger, but she just walks off without a goodbye or a second glance. By her standards, it’s probably the friendliest she’s ever been to him.Peter does manage to avoid mentioning the encounter to Ned, or May, and Michelle makes no reference to it the entire next week at school, so he figures it hasn’t bothered her at all. He does keep a look out for the two guys as he swings around the neighbourhood, worried that he’ll see them harassing someone, but he fortunately, or unfortunately, depending on how you want to look at the situation, hasn’t seen them since.He’s mostly relegated himself to watching over people rather than actively searching for crime after May’s mild breakdown over his safety, but that doesn’t stop incidents from occurring. He has to wear makeup to school in order to cover a huge, ugly black eye that he got in stopping a mugging, and Michelle takes one look at his face before their early-morning Academic Decathlon practice and asks him, point blank, why he’s hiding a black eye.“Are you part of a fight club?” She asks, tone so serious he would probably think she was serious if he didn’t know her better. “Are you making your money as a low-rent criminal? Did you just accidentally punch yourself in the face?”“I, uh, walked into a door” Wow, smooth Parker, that’ll definitely impress her. Not that he’s trying to impress her, obviously, but he figures trying not to make a complete fool of himself in front of literally every girl he knows is a good principle to live his life by. “Though, the first rule of Fight Club is not to talk about Fight Club, so I guess that could be a lie, and I could actually be a part of one.” Jesus Christ, why didn’t he just leave it at the door thing. Fortunately, Ned approaches them before
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Sharing a Bed
Pining
heavyhanded shakespeare foreshadowing

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

