Work Text:
Bucky climbs out of a sound sleep to the sensation of someone gently sucking his cock. From the way his skin is buzzing and the heat in his groin, they've been doing it for a while.“Ohh,” he moans involuntarily, and he hears a chuckle.“Good morning,” Steve murmurs, his lips buzzing against Bucky's skin. “Happy birthday.”“It's not  - ah – it's not my birthday,” Bucky gasps.“Well, I missed a few,” Steve says. “I'm making up for lost time.”Bucky manages to open his eyes and look down the length of his body to where Steve is lying between his thighs. Steve is wearing the cowl, and his eyes are sparkling with wickedness.“Oh my God,” Bucky says. Steve dips down to nuzzle Bucky's scrotum. Bucky instinctively tries to lower his hands to Steve's head, and hears a rattle of chain as he comes up short. He could easily break the cuffs, but that's not the point.“How did you... Jesus Christ,” Bucky groans.“I'm here to thank you for your service, soldier,” Steve says, and Bucky can hear that he's laughing at him, just a little bit.Bucky can't bring himself to care.*The mission is finished, but Bucky is practically climbing the walls, still, so he hits the gym.He's not expecting Steve to be there, working the heavy bag, but it's a nice bonus.“Hey,” he says, and if his voice has a bit of a drawl to it, well, he doesn't really believe in being subtle about his intentions.“Hey,” Steve replies, his eyes flicking up and down Bucky's body. “You need to spar?”“Sure,” Bucky says, and it's on.Steve's got more bulk, but Bucky's got decades of training. It's nicely levelled by Bucky's robot arm and Steve's habit of fighting dirty. What starts as a standard sparring session ends up with them wrestling on the mat, both hard, both kissing as much as they're fighting. Bucky's on his back, again. He probably could have come out on top more than he did, but if he likes Steve on top, his full weight holding him down, well, there's no law against that, not any more.When Bucky thrusts up, rubbing his cock against Steve's belly, Steve pulls back. His lips are bitten and red, his eyes dark. Bucky wants to push him down flat on the mat, suck his cock right there in the gym until he can't keep back his shouts. Steve knows it; Bucky can tell by the way Steve lets his eyes sink shut and breathes out, slow and ragged.Bucky starts to pull Steve down again, but Steve breaks away.“I'm going to hit the showers. Meet me in my living room in twenty minutes,” Steve says. He stands and holds Bucky's gaze until Bucky says, “Yes.”“Yes, what?” Steve asks, with a hint of steel.Bucky swallows. “Yes, sir.”Steve doesn't smile, but he looks satisfied. “Good.”Bucky showers so fast, he thinks he might have missed some parts of his body all together. He feels nervous, standing on Steve's doorstep, but it's a good kind of nervous, an anticipation that thuds through him like a second heartbeat. When he knocks, he hears Steve's voice filter through from a distance. “It's open,” Steve says.Bucky turns the knob, and he finds the door is indeed unlocked. He steps through, closes it behind him, and locks it, since he's pretty sure that they're going to want privacy. He kicks off his shoes, because Steve is fussy about that kind of thing, then walks barefoot up the hallway to the living room, where Steve is waiting.Steve is on the sofa, bare-chested. His skin is pink from the shower, his hair wet, but combed flat. He's wearing a clean pair of sweatpants, and there's a drink in his hand that looks like scotch.He's wearing his red uniform gloves.It literally stops Bucky in his tracks. Fortunately, Steve has that expression on his face, the one that means he has a plan, so when he says, “Come here,” Bucky doesn't have to think at all. He just lets his feet walk him over to the couch, lets Steve guide him to straddle his lap.“You planned this,” Bucky says. To his own ears, his voice sounds embarrassingly breathless.“Might have done. Happy birthday,” Steve says, looking smug. “Still not my birthday,” Bucky says.“Still not the point,” Steve replies.“Well, now that you've got me where you want me...” Bucky leans in close.“Almost,” Steve says. He puts down his drink.“Almost?”Steve takes Bucky's hands in his own. “This one, here. You'll need the support,” Steve says, guiding Bucky's hand to the back of the sofa. Bucky's heart kicks up a notch. “And this one,” Steve presses a kiss to the palm of Bucky's metal hand. “This one, I want right... down... here,” Steve says, sliding it down the length of his own body to cup his hard cock. Bucky gives a little squeeze, and Steve rocks up into Bucky's grip. “That's right, that's good. Your hands stay right where they are. You move them, and this ends.”Bucky doesn't believe that for a second, but he likes the way the words sound coming from Steve's lips, so he ducks his head to Steve's neck so that he can whisper, “Yes, sir,” against Steve's skin, and feel the way that makes Steve shiver.Steve indulges him for a beat, then pushes Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Remix
Dom/sub
Light BDSM
Leather
Leather Kink
Leather gloves
Uniforms
Uniform Kink
Birthday Sex
Handcuffs
Butt Plugs
Wall Sex
Sexual Fantasy
Enthusiastic Consent
Somnophilia
Morning Sex
Obedience
Clothed Sex
Power Dynamics
Finger Sucking
Praise Kink
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Established Relationship
Begging
Desperation
Muffling
Breathplay
Coming Untouched
Blow Jobs
Consensual Kink
Scratching
Marking
Come Shot
Kissing
Laughter During Sex
Rough Sex
Barebacking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

