Chapter 1: A Cat comes to the Tower
    




Chapter Text
“It's not that I don't love these talks...” “Silence!” Odin's knuckles shone white as he gripped Gungnir ever more tightly. “You abandoned your madness and returned with your brother, and for that I am glad. But every day, every hour before you did brought death and destruction to Midgard!” Loki narrowed his eyes. “Perhaps I should not have listened to Thor. Perhaps I should have stayed and achieved my end, to rule the earth as a benevolent God. To rule as you once did, Father!” He spat the word at the AllFather's feet, as he stood straight, unguarded and unbound at the foot of the throne.Odin sighed and ran his hand across his face. On his left Frigga stood, calm at first glance but sorrow in her eyes. Thor stood a few steps behind Loki, and Odin could see that only his newly learned self-control kept him from intervening. Frigga had warned Thor to keep silent, Odin knew. As it was, Thor was the only reason Odin could remain patient. Thor alone had found Loki, reached him, had persuaded him to return to Asgard. Thor had fought for his brother, he would not accept losing him now. “We are not gods. We live and die as they do.” Odin held up a finger as Loki made to speak. “We have more in common with them than you acknowledge. Thor learnt what it truly means to be a king on Midgard. How much is sacrifice, not power.”Loki understood at once. “You want to send me there as once you sent Thor? Very well then, do so! The Citauri will search for me, so best do it at once.” Loki tilted his head, as if considering the option, and his next words were laced with malice. “But you cannot strip me of my magic, it was no gift of yours. You cannot send me in chains, or you might as well condemn me to death here. So send me as I am to these people you care for so much.” His scorn was written clearly on his face. “I know what you truly think of them. Cattle, in the main. At the worst, vermin; at the best, pets!”Loki stopped as a strange expression dawned on the All-Father's face.
“Where'd the cat come from?” Steve had come in for coffee, and stayed to watch Clint. Perched on top of the counter, the archer sat motionless, except for the movement of his eyes fixed on the black shadow flitting about the common room. He answered Steve without changing his position one iota.“Thor.”Steve took a sip of coffee and reflected. “Huh. Would have seen him more as a dog guy. A hound, you know?”Clint grunted in reply.Steve thought back to the little old lady who lived down the block when he was a kid. She had had cats, a whole pack of them. This one could have been one of them, used to being spoiled and petted, and wept over for weeks when they vanished. There was nothing alien about it at all. It was black, green-eyed, with the long-legged grace of a young cat. The animal roamed the room, making occasional small leaps as if testing its skills. “Does it have a name?”“Thor said he’s called Notloki.”Steve paused, then put down his cup, in case the problem with his ears spread anywhere else. “You’re telling me that Thor’s pet cat is called Notloki?”“Yip.”Steve's brow crinkled as he considered how to approach the next question. “Did Thor...mention why he called his cat that?” he asked, in as offhanded a manner as he could manage. He knew, almost as well as Phil and Natasha, how Clint had struggled to recover after what Loki had done to him.The archer shrugged. “A joke, he said.” Hawkeye mumbled something else, and Steve was pretty sure it was, “ha fucking ha.”
 “Notloki? Really?” Jane's voice was sceptical as her face. She shook her head at Thor, who stood abashed. “I...did not think. It was the first name that occurred to me.” Jane smiled. “It's not a name. It's a denial of something no-one would have thought of otherwise. You are such a bad liar.” “So Loki always said.” Thor put his arms around her and returned her smile. “Do you think it a failing?” Jane tilted her head up for a kiss. “No, I like it.” 
 After a week, the cat was part of the furniture. The creature was, Thor said, bound by magic to stay within the building, unless muzzled and carried by Thor himself. The cat slipped about like a shadow, avoiding contact. Steve's tentative approaches were greeted by an arched back and spitting. Remembering the muzzle, Cap decided to steer clear. Clint and Natasha watched the cat when he was near, but never approached or spoke to him. Tony ignored him and Bruce apparently forgot the cat existed ten seconds after each time he saw him. Rather like Clint and Natasha, the cat watched everything.
“I don't care, he's your brother!”“I never said...,” Thor started, but Jane held up a finger. “No. You didn't. I guessed fifteen minutes after you arrived back with him. I know. You know. He knows. Tell him to go away.” Thor turned an appealing gaze onto Notloki, who was sitting on the windowsill. He got a look of pure disdain back. Jane lay back on the pillow and sighed. “Look, I don't mind him being
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
tasertricks - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Cat Loki
Human everyone else
Iron Man 3 Spoilers

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Loki
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

