Work Text:
Despite fighting against Iron Man, Bucky didn't actually know Tony. Even then, he didn't know how he was the only one starstruck. He couldn't imagine the kind of miracles she must have pulled off before for the team to not even thank her. "Welcome back to New York." He felt ashamed to meet her eyes. She was in a beautiful business-casual outfit. Dark wash navy skinny jeans tucked into black leather boots, a crisp white dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up to her elbows fashionably, a blue-black slim tie snug to her throat disappearing into a dark blue tartan suit vest with gold buttons to match her belt buckle. There wasn't a hair out of place, even though it was loose about her shoulders. Her makeup was pristine and her smile was perfectly placid. Her nails were cut even and short, the nailbeds clean and her skin smooth without a hint of engine grease. The blue glow of the Arc Reactor was well-disguised by her choices and colours. "You all know where your rooms are. Everything's stocked up, so go nuts. As for you, Mr. Barnes, JARVIS will use the lights on the floor to show you to your room and give you a tour of all the common floor's amenities." She clapped her hands together, smile a little more strained as she moved past them. "Now if you'll excuse me, I've got a bunch of meetings Pepper will kill me if I miss. Make yourselves at home."He watched her go, unconsciously reaching up to touch his shoulder, where he was missing the familiar weight of metal. The others began to disperse, but he just couldn't move. He didn't know - did the others just not see it? Did they not see the way her eyelids blinked lethargically, betraying the fact that she was awake past the limits of her body? Did they not see the carefully concealed ring of red around her waterline, the mark of eyes cried dry? Even if they did, he didn't get how they could let her leave. After all the work, all the trouble she got in to save people who tried to kill her . . . 
"Mr. Barnes?"
He jumped at the soft voice, taking a moment to reconcile with the fact he was now alone in the foyer of the common floor and the voice echoing from every angle was Tony's A.I. butler, JARVIS. "Sorry. Yes?"
"Sir has requested that I give you a full tour of the parts of the Tower accessible to you and inform you of all the things at your disposal. I will show you your room first and should you feel the need to rest, we can resume the tour whenever you are ready."
"Okay." He ducked a little, looking up dubiously at the ceiling. "Thank you?"
"You're very welcome. Please, follow the blue indicator lights along the baseboards and I will lead you to your room."

He awoke with a start, his skin crawling with phantom frost. He panicked when he didn't hear the whirr of his arm, holding the stump in a crushingly tight grip as his heart calmed down. The silence and the stillness rubbed against his nerves like a cocktail of sandpaper and glass shards. He was out of bed and stumbling down the hallway before he could think of it, blindly following the quietly illuminated baseboards. He found himself coming into the kitchen, a vast open space with floor-to-ceiling windows letting in the New York midnight skyline and the moonlight. Soft lights under the cupboards provided enough illumination to see Tony standing over a cup of coffee at the island, blankly staring at it. She snapped up to the sound of him clipping the doorframe. She seemed to sense something he wasn't aware enough to understand and rushed to his side, catching him and dragging him down to the couch in the recessed living room. She pressed his sweat-cold palm over her heart, the beat steady and timely. His skin tingled where it touched the raw power encased in metal sticking out from her chest. "James."Shakily, he pulled his eyes from the glowing device and met her gaze. Ebony eyes caught and held him. Her other hand reached up to cup his cheek, her presence surprisingly strong and grounding, like she possessed a gravity all her own. "You're going to listen to me, okay, James?"He couldn't manage words or even a nod. His hand spasmed on her chest. "Feel that?" She pressed his hand tighter against her. "You can feel that, right?"His mouth opened, trying to reply. "It's okay. Don't force yourself. Don't speak if you can't." Slowly, carefully, she got onto his lap, leaning forwards to press small, soothing kisses on ever bit of his face she could reach except his mouth. Her thumb rubbed at the underside of his jaw, rhythmic, and her fingers were pressing lightly into his hairline - enough to reassure without triggering. His gaze fell on the Reactor, fully exposed now with the drifting of her tank top, and he was lost in it. Something about the light has him in its clutches and e felt the haze of his mind ebb away, replaced slowly and steadily with intrigue, curiosity. His thumb dragged itself over to the metallic barrier and pressed against it, like someone exhausted trying to climb up a wall. She pulled 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

