Chapter 1: one
    




Chapter Text

(One) 
 Tony is halfway across the world and enjoying a rum and coke alone in his hotel room at the end of a long day when the device on his wrist buzzes, and not the good kind of buzz — the Someone Got Into Shit They Weren’t Supposed To buzz. Before Tony can even open his mouth to address F.R.I.D.A.Y., the device is glowing red. Shit. The kid. “Pull up Spider-Man’s vitals.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. immediately projects a visual — temperature (higher than most, but normal for Peter), respiratory rate (slow), blood pressure (ridiculously low), pulse —  Two beats per minute. Tony blinks, certain he is reading it wrong, but there it is in angry, pulsing text. “Deploy a medical drone to the Parker residence,” he says, his back ramrod straight and his heart in his throat. He knows F.R.I.D.A.Y. is on it, but he grits his teeth and adds anyway,  “Now .” One minute. Less than. Tony stands up from the bed and paces the room, F.R.I.D.A.Y. projecting the live feed of the drone’s visual as the thoughts race through his head — how the  hell  did this happen? Why didn’t any of the suit’s protocols warn him that Peter had been injured before it got this bad? Thirty seconds.  Fuck . Time seems to slow to a crawl as the drone weaves its way into Queens, as Tony manages to imagine every horrific, inhumane, terrible thing that has happened to Peter while he was stupid enough not to check in on him for the last few hours, knowing all too well that trouble found Peter faster than Peter could blink —  Finally,  finally  the drone makes it to Peter’s, where the window is wide open, the way Tony both knew and feared it would be. He pieces together the scene before he even has a full visual — Peter arriving blood-soaked and battered, pitching himself in through the window, collapsing in a heap on the floor where nobody would think to —  Tony blinks, taking a breath for the first time since the drone was deployed. The visual shows Peter, maskless but otherwise still in his suit, strewn out across his bed and snoring. Other than the black eye he’s sporting, he looks perfectly fine. “Standing by,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. reports. Tony squints, wondering if he is imagining the steady rising and falling of Peter’s chest. It perfectly matches the respiratory rate on his vitals. But that still doesn’t explain why … “F.R.I.D.A.Y., why the hell is his heart rate so low?” “A slow heart rate is typical of people with enhanced abilities at the peak of their REM cycles,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. reports. Tony closes his eyes, pinching them with his thumbs as if he can ward off the migraine he knows is going to keep him up all night now. “And this is the first time Peter’s fallen asleep in the suit,” he mutters. He stumbles back toward the bed, easing himself onto the edge of it, his own heart beating like a battering ram and more than making up for Peter’s. “ Christ .” He grabs his rum and coke and downs the rest of it, seeing Peter shift on the visual out of the corner of his eyes. One of the kid’s eyes squints open, and then the other, blearily taking in the noiseless drone still hovering a foot from his bed. “...’lo?” he addresses it. Tony sighs. “Just me, kid.” Peter’s eyes shut and then half-open again. “...’m I dreaming?” “Sure are,” he says. “Go back to bed.” Peter’s eyes close again. “Alright,” he breathes out. Tony watches for another minute or so, until he’s sure that Peter really is asleep. He breathes out a breath wearier than he thought he was capable of, surveying the kid’s pale face, the ring of bruising around his eye that has made some progress in healing even in the few minutes the done has been hovering there. He wonders if it will always be like this — the fear, the anxiety, the complete and utter helplessness. He gets up from the bed, feeling like he just aged ten years. He’s gonna need another drink.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

