Chapter 1: New Beginnings
    




Chapter Text
“So you’re saying Tony Stark offered you a new and improved suit, a spot in the Avengers, a room in the new facility, and...you turned it  down?!” Ned gasps and stops walking in the middle of the hallway, people rushing and pushing past them in a frenzy to get to class.“Ned, will you be quiet?” Peter looks around frantically, clenching his jaw with nerves as he grabs his arm, dragging him into the nearest empty classroom. He breathes in deeply, making sure no one else is in the room as he pushes his hair back with his fingers. “Look, I’m just...I’m not ready. Yeah I can climb walls and stop a train with my bare hands, but mentally...mentally I guess I am still a kid. I can be Spider-Man forever after this, but I can only be here in high school for two more years. I wanna enjoy that, you know?”“Okay, two days ago you were ready to leave high school behind forever,” Ned furrows his eyebrows and tilts his head with a quizzical look.“Yeah, but that was before I almost got killed by a flying robot thingy,” Peter shakes his head, crossing his arms. “I’m still Spider-Man. I’m not giving that up, or the suit up, or saving people up. But for now...I’m both Peter Parker  and  Spider-Man.”“Wow,” Ned nods, rubbing his chin. “That was actually a very superhero-like line.”“Shut up,” Peter laughs, shaking his head. “Now we have to get to class - I can’t be late again or Aunt May  and Principal Morita are going to kick my ass.”“Hey, that rhymed!”
 “Dude, is Michelle…” Ned whispers, looking over at her across the classroom halfway through chemistry class. Peter turns and glances at her, unsure of what he’s looking for quite yet. She has her arms crossed on the desk in front of her, and her chin is resting on them. “Watching a Spider-Man video?”Peter had been scanning her clothes, trying to spot something extremely “not her” (like a bright neon green, for example, although she would probably wear something like that to prove people wrong anyway), but then he looked at her computer screen. Sure enough, he could make out the red and blue suit, and see himself crawling up the Washington Monument. It was obviously shot on a cellphone from the ground, the camera shaking as the person ran around to catch a better glimpse of Spider-Man crawling up the building.He sits up slightly, still a little weirded out by the sudden fame he (well, Spider-Man) is getting. To see all of these kids he grew up with thinking he’s awesome, a hero. Although it is a bit alarming to see Michelle of all people watching it since he figured she probably thought the whole “man in a costume” thing is completely lame. And this also may be the first time he’s seen her and she’s  not reading a book.She abruptly shuts her laptop, which instantly snapped him back to reality. She turns and looks at them with narrowed eyes, as if she somehow had heard their thoughts and was annoyed by it. They both quickly turn to the teacher and pretend like they weren’t looking at her, scratching their necks and not-so-discreetly trying to hide their faces.“She’s going to kill us in our sleep,” Ned whispers, breathing in deeply.“Shhh, she’s still looking,” Peter knocks his shoulder with his own, trying to pretend nothing happened. He can see her look away from the corner of his eye, and he finally breathes out.
 “That was kind of weird earlier, wasn’t it?” Peter asks, finally voicing what’s been on his mind for the past few hours. “I just...I get the feeling Michelle knows. About me being Spider-Man, I mean.”“How could she possibly know?” Ned momentarily pauses putting a grey lego in place on the halfway-built deathstar  again (this is their third time building it), and looks at Peter. “I think you’re paranoid. Besides, I don’t even try to imagine what’s going on in MJ’s mind anymore. She’s on like, a different planet than us sometimes.”“Yeah, but she’s so smart, and...and even  she  admitted she was observant,” He rubs his hands together nervously, scared of what could happen if she - well,  anyone - knew about his other life.“Well, so what if she does know? If she wanted to tell, she would have already,” Ned shrugs, continuing his former task. “Besides, I think you’re overthinking. She probably doesn’t even know anything at all, and she just wanted to relive the moment where the Spider-Man saved all of her friends from an untimely death.”“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Peter nods, not so interested in building the deathstar anymore. He leans back against his bedroom wall, realizing he’s doing what he always does, and looking way too into things. She looked over at them - so what? She must have known they were watching. He would probably give someone the same look if he noticed them staring at him in class.So he laughs and shakes his head, thinking about how absurd he’s being. New York City is a  huge place, so there’s probably not even one person in his entire school that’s even suspicious of him - observant or not. He’s just being
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/MJ
Peter Parker/Michelle

freeform: 
High School Crush
Secret Identity
takes place right after the movie
definitely a SLOW burn so beware
Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/MJ
Peter Parker/Michelle

