Chapter 1





Chapter Text


ART ART ART!!!

Thor was excited to be home, excited to be back at the compound with all his friends. He had been gone for so long, dealing with Asgard and everything had gone so wrong so suddenly…Well anyway, he was relieved to be away from Asgard. He was ready for Tony's ridiculous movie nights, and Clint’s haphazard breakfast creations, and sparring with Captain, and trading war stories with Natasha. He was looking forward to spending time with Bruce, the quiet scientist had a wicked sense of humour that was matched only by Tony's cutting wit.He was even looking forward to the mission debriefings, where Tony and Steve inevitably fought and bickered, and Tony usually ended up storming off in some grand fashion, the color high in his cheeks, dark eyes sparking dangerously.The genius was beautiful in something of a delicate way, and Thor had always had a hard time keeping himself from staring. Tony was not a large man by any means, but his passion for whichever cause he was engaged in was unparalleled. Thor loved to sit and watch him talk, to watch him work, to watch him---Thor just liked to watch Tony, period. And if he were honest, it took most of his self control to  only  watch, because Thor would love to see Tony flushed and  passionate  spread out across a large bed and bathed in firelight. In fact, he was sure Tony would look more beautiful like that than any other way. Of course, they had never had any time to discuss or explore any of those things, but now that Thor was back again, perhaps in between missions he and the soft haired genius could spend  real time together, and Thor would get the chance to tell him how he felt.So when Thor landed in front of the Avengers compound with a crack of lightning and a ground shaking boom of thunder, burning the pattern of the bifrost into the lawn, he was caught up in his thoughts and didn't notice that the grass was brown and dead, that there were no vehicles parked in the driveway.Too intent on seeing Tony, on giving the man a hug, on hearing that light hearted laugh, it wasn't even until he was striding through the halls towards the common area, holding Mjolnir lightly in one hand, and calling for the team that he realized that most of the lights weren't even on. The rooms were locked up, the windows dirty, the few plants wilted from neglect.The compound was...silent, and Thor stopped uneasily at the door to the common room, noting that even though the room had been repaired since the fight with Ultron, it looked like it hadn't been touched in months.“Hello?” he called, and his deep voice echoed through the empty building. “Hello?”“Thor.”He startled when Tony appeared on the other side of the room, leaning against the doorjamb, looking weary.“Friend Anthony!” Thor grinned, but Tony's expression didn't change in the slightest.“What are you doing here?” he asked slowly, taking a drink from the glass in his hand.“I have returned.” Thor said, as if that was explanation enough.“I see that.” Tony said in that same slow way, and Thor narrowed his eyes a little uncomfortably. “But I still don't know why you are  here .”“Because this is our home. The Avengers compound.” Thor offered and Tony smiled a little then, looking as if he just couldn't believe what Thor was saying.“You don't know. You don't know what happened, do you?”“ What  happened?” Thor demanded then, almost frightened by the look on Tony's face. “Where are the others? The Captain, and Hawkeye and Natasha? Bruce?”“They are all gone.” Tony waved his hand around the empty space. “Cap took them all. Took them all and left me...here.”“Where are they?” Thor didn't understand, and felt like there was something Tony just wasn't willing to tell him. “Where did they go?”“I don't know.” Tony shrugged and took another drink. “I was in Russia and….” his voice trailed off, his eyes seeming to glaze over a little. “Anyway. They aren’t here. No ones here. It's just me now.”Thor set Mjolnir down and folded his arms. “Anthony what is going on? Please,  where is the team?”“I don't know.” And Tony laughed, sounding so broken and bitter that Thor felt it like an ache in his own heart. “I don't know. Haven't known for months now. But you know. It's fine. If you want to stay there are  just...dozens of empty rooms. Take your pick.”“Are you-- are you alright, Anthony?” Thor softened his voice a little, because even from this distance he could see the bags under Tony's bloodshot eyes, see the unkempt goatee, and the pallor on his usually tan skin. The hand holding the glass was shaking a little, and his left hand kept pressing over his chest as if it hurt. “Are you well, I mean?”Tony tipped his head back and finished off his drink, then winged it across the room and watched it shatter against the wall.“Always. I'm always alright.”Then he was gone, and Thor was left in the empty room, letting the silence of an abandoned building settle around him.**************“FRIDAY.” Thor asked hesitantly, look
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ Thor
Thor & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-CACW
ThunderIron - Freeform
IronThunder - Freeform
Angst
So much angst
Seriously Sorry For the Angst
trigger warning
Eating Disorder
Alcoholism
Unhealthy Coping
Tony has the Worst Coping Skills
Angst and Smut and Feels
so many feels
Protective Thor
Thor Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
AOU References
Healing
Moving On
The Team Comes Home
Mjolnir - Freeform
Explicit Sexual Content
Fluff and Smut
Depression
Learning to trust
Friends to Lovers
Happily Every After

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ Thor
Thor & Tony Stark

