Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Tony was going to be the death of Steve. Bucky too, of course, or at least probably, but Bucky was more used to this sort of thing, this sort of---thing. That Tony was doing. With his mouth. And a--a--lollipop

. 


Bucky had been teased and chased by girls 

and 

guys for years before the war. He was used to the flirty, dirty things girls did with candy and drinks that were meant to get a fella thinking about… about 

that. 

So Bucky. 

Bucky 

would have been fine with this.

But it was gonna be the death of Steve.

He was literally barely keeping it together, sitting at the kitchen table, so hard in his pants he was sure there would be a wet spot on the front of his khakis if he stood up. So he definitely wasn't standing up and he thought he would die if he kept sitting there but what else could he do? 

Because Tony, his sweet, 

perfect 

boyfriend Tony, was sitting primly on the counter chatting with Natasha, his legs kicking the air innocently, laughing over something she said, and sucking on a lollipop like it was the best thing he'd ever tasted. 

A big one too, one of those multi colored, swirled, eight or nine inch things you only got at candy stores or fairs. 

And right now, Tony's perfect little pink tongue was lapping up and down the damn thing, his lips looking sticky and sweet as he sucked on the end and every few seconds he'd give a little sigh and lick his lips before putting a few inches of it in his mouth and---

And Steve was going to die.

“Hey Tasha.” Bucky's low voice broke the spell for just a moment and Steve breathed a sigh of relief as his other boyfriend came in the kitchen. “Heya, Tony.” The brunette all but pushed Tasha out of the way to lay a kiss on Tony's upturned lips. “How you doing, sweet thing?” His voice dropped into that soft rumbly purr thing he saved just for Tony, and it always worked, because Tony wiggled happily and kissed him again.

“Hey baby.” Tony nodded over towards Steve. “I'm almost done with Tasha, hang out with Steve for a minute, okay?”

“Whatever you want.” Bucky dropped into the chair next to Steve, letting his left hand rest heavily on his thigh. “Hey honey.” He whispered and Steve blushed a little.

It had only been about six weeks now, since he and Bucky had decided to stop tiptoeing around the obvious and just give in to the sexual tension between them. And of course, it wasn't a secret that both of them were head over heels for Tony and had been for close to a year, so it had seemed perfectly natural and absolutely right for them to ask Tony out as well.

Tony had been… well, eager wasn't exactly the right word. Ecstatic? Thrilled to death?

Well anyway, he had been screaming 

yes 

and nearly climbing them to kiss first Steve and then Bucky as hard as he could, pulling at their clothes and basically herding them towards his bedroom before they had even finished their carefully prepared and lovingly worded speech about how much they would love it if he would be willing to share himself with both of them. In fact, Steve had gotten to the words “we both want you and love you and would like to--” and Tony had smashed their mouths together and was already reaching for Bucky.

And it was 

good 

between them. Soft and sweet and loving. Steve and Bucky took turns with Tony, never willing to overwhelm him, going slow so they wouldn't hurt him. Honestly, next to them, Tony was small and needed to be handled so gently. So they never were 

both 

with him, that would be way too much, no they just worked it out so they each got alone time with Tony, with the other coming to bed as soon as they were done to snuggle and cuddle and make sure Tony was comfortable. When it was 

just 

Steve and Bucky, things were a little more intense, but Bucky always treated Steve like he was gold, and it was always good.
And maybe Steve wanted a little more sometimes. Maybe he wanted to push into Tony hard and fast and maybe sometimes he wanted Bucky to just throw him down and make him scream, because he wasn't that ninety pound kid anymore, and he could definitely take it, but oh man it was so good like this between them. 
Bucky was always careful not to overwhelm Steve, since up until they had started dating, Steve had been a virgin. And in turn, they were both careful to never push Tony's boundaries.

It was perfect. Careful and soft and...

perfect

.

But then, Bucky's hand squeezed Steve's thigh 

hard

, pulling him from his thoughts.

“Buck?” He asked, cautiously, because none of them were very big on showing physical affection publicly and-- “

Bucky.”

 Steve hissed when Bucky's hand moved up his leg, heading towards his crotch.

“What the hell is Tony doing?” Bucky's words were barely more than a whisper, honestly barely more than a moan, and Steve's eyes snapped back to their boyfriend. 

He wanted to whimper then, because Natasha was talking animatedly about something as she made a sandwich and Tony was making agreeable little n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
stuckony - Freeform
Explicit Sexual Content
Smut
Smut and Feels
Tony in Lingerie
Tony in panties
Blowjobs
Sexy Yoga Outfits
Mirror Sex
coming in clothes
Stairwell Sex
Silk and Satin
lingerie shopping
Butt Plugs
Threesomes
Rough Sex
Double Penetration
Sharing a Bath
Ripping Clothes
They are All in Love
Inexperienced Steve
Steve is an Ass Man
Bucky Likes Tits
Natasha Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

