Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Brooklyn 1930-something***************“D’ya think we’re soulmates, Buck?” Seventeen year old Steve asked idly, his small feet hanging off the edge of Bucky’s bed, kicking at the air. “Like real soulmates?” “Why ya ask?” Bucky stopped halfway to putting his shirt on, looking over at his best friend in surprise. “What brought this up?”“Jus’ thinkin’.” Steve shrugged. “My parents are soulmates  y’know? Mom always says it’s because her and dad were best friends. Aren’t we best friends?”“Course we are.” Bucky frowned. “That don’t mean we’re soulmates.”“You don’t wanna be my soulmate?” Steve asked, and his voice got quiet. “No, I guess not.” “Damn.” Bucky swore and flopped onto the bed next to him, nearly bouncing Steve’s ninety pound frame onto the floor. “Don’t do that, Stevie. It’s not that I don’t wanna be your soulmate. I’m jus’ not.”“Well how do you know?” Steve challenged, dark blue eyes sparking. “They say you don’t know till you kiss someone and we’ve never kissed. You don’t know we’re not soulmates.” “What, Stevie, you wanna kiss me?” Bucky teased, but was taken aback when Steve flushed a deep red and looked away.“Forget it.” “Hey, hey come on.” Bucky reached for his friend and turned him onto his side easily. He had at least fifty pounds on the blond and even though he never used his strength to make Steve feel bad, he definitely used it to force the stubborn kid to listen. “You know I don’t care about… about all that.” Bucky said with a short shrug, and Steve turned even redder. “You wanna kiss and see if we’re soulmates, let’s kiss.”“Forget it.” Steve mumbled again and tried to move off the bed. “I’m gonna go.”“You’re not gonna go.” Bucky argued and grabbed at his arm. “Come on, Stevie.” He toppled the smaller kid onto his chest and with a quick roll, pinned Steve to the bed and leaned over him. “Gonna kiss you real nice, alright? Let’s see bout this whole soulmate thing.” Steve was trembling a little even as his hands came up to grab at Bucky’s biceps. Bucky hated how weak the grip was, hated how hard this last winter had been on his friend. “You alright?” He asked again, and Steve nodded quickly. “Alright, Stevie, come here.” Bucky dropped his head and gave the blonde a gentle kiss, licking at his bottom lip until Steve opened wide beneath him with a desperate little pant. “Easy.” Bucky murmured and kissed him again, longer this time. “There, how’s that?” “Um.” Steve’s eyes opened slowly and Bucky smiled down at him, brushing some hair off his forehead. “Well, I can see why the dames let you kiss them.” Steve finally said. “You’re real good at that.” Bucky raised an eyebrow. “And…?”“And…. nothing.” Steve touched his chest, over his heart where a soulmate mark was supposed to appear. “Nothing.”“So not soulmates then.” Bucky actually looked a little disappointed. “That was my best kiss, Stevie, if that wasn’t enough to make us soulmates then–”“–then I guess we’re just best friends.” Steve finished and shoved at Bucky’s shoulder playfully. “So get off.”“Fine.” Bucky laughed and rolled off, reaching for his boots and making sure Steve wasn’t looking before rubbing at his heart with a grimace. “I got to get to work then.”“Thanks Buck.” Steve was sitting up again, still looking a little sad. “For tryin’, I guess.” “Stevie.” Bucky came back to the bed and wrapped his arm around Steve’s thin shoulders. “Stevie one day you’re going to find your soulmate. He’s gonna be wonderful and sweet and at least half as handsome as me and–”“Half as handsome?” Steve asked shakily. “I bet he’ll be twice as handsome.”“The hell he will.” Bucky said calmly “But yeah, this soulmate of yours is gonna be great for you. He’ll find you, you just gotta wait. And if he’s not perfect to you, Stevie I’m gonna rip his candy ass apart. But he will be. He will be your whole heart, your entire reason for breathing, because that’s what soulmates are. Our heart. You’ll find him. Maybe just gotta wait a little.”“Love you, Buck.” Steve mumbled and Bucky squeezed him. “I’m with you always, Steve. Soulmates or not. Besides, this was your first kiss. I gotta make sure the next punk to kiss ya is just as good.”“That’s a weird thing to say.” Steve rested his head on Bucky’s shoulder and sighed.“Weirder than kissing my best friend to check a soulmate bond?” Bucky teased and Steve just blushed again. “I got to go.” Bucky jumped up, grabbing his work things. “Stick around all ya want, Stevie, I’ll be home tonight.”“Thanks, Bucky.” Steve glanced up long enough to catch one of those heart stopping winks from those light blue eyes and then Bucky was gone.Steve flopped back on the bed and placed his hand over his lips. He hadn’t felt anything when Bucky kissed him. His very first kiss, and nothing. Barely even a spark and certainly not the flare that was supposed to accompany his soulmark.But if it wasn’t Bucky, then who? Who else out there would love him? He blinked back the tears at the thought of being this lonely forever,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soul Bond
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Stony - Freeform
stuckony - Freeform
Virgin Steve Rogers
Experienced Tony
Sassy Tony
Soulmarks
First Kisses
Strangers to Lovers
First Times
Fluff
Happily Ever After
Finding bucky barnes
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Falling In Love
Bottom Tony Stark
Super Soldier Sandwich
Excessive use of nicknames
Pet Names
Flirting
Does this even have a plot
Sleepy Cuddles
hand holding
Like a ridiculous amount
Romance
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
of course

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

