Work Text:
  It was while they were watching a battle happen in New York on TV. T’Challa had informed them if they left they would not be welcome back, leaving them to watch from the sidelines. Steve- though he felt somewhat bad for doing so- hoped that T’Challa would see the fact that Tony was lost without them in battle, with large losses. A large robot figure was menacing a civilian when suddenly arrows punctured it, Clint jerking seeing so. A pale redheaded woman slipped into view, carrying a beautiful bow. There wasn’t sound as she spoke to the civilians, but they looked relieved. The footage cut to see a short man with bronze skin and blonde hair fighting against another robot, using knives and even a gun. Steve felt somewhat approving of watching this happen. He had never felt comfortable with Natasha in close combat, to worried she would get hurt trying to help. A person in what looked like medieval armour was fighting alongside the shorter man, using a sword and shield as weapons. The warrior suddenly turned and dropped to one leg, letting the redhead run up to him and use the shield as a launch pad. “Shit, is that Grey Warden armour?” asked Sam, wide eyed. “What?” asked Steve in confusion. “Grey Wardens are a organization that deal with specialized threats.” T’Challa- who had been watching- explained. “I believe Commander Cousland served with them for several years yes, earning the high rank of Warden-Commander.” He smiled. “One of my own countrymen served with Cousland.” “Why would an American force allow a Wakanda in?” asked Wanda, sounding bitter. “It is a global organization.” Corrected T’Challa. “They recruit from anywhere- spy organizations, armies, random civilians. I believe that there was a Sokovian Warden serving with Cousland as well.” Wanda fell silent and they continued to watch. The footage cut to a boy and a girl working on something, the girl using guns to keep away enemies while the boy created a… turret? The turret began firing on the robots while the boy and girl took to the sky with the packs on their back. “Are those Jetpacks?!” Clint asked, open mouthed. “I thought Alec Ryder refused to let anyone have those, and his kids…” “Those are the Ryder Twins.” Natasha voiced suddenly. She sounded annoyed. “Scott Ryder works for Stark Industries as an engineer. Sara is an archeologist who sometimes happens to recover stolen art or other things.” Steve couldn’t get a good look but both seemed to be brunette and slim. “Regular Indiana Jones, huh?” Clint laughed darkly. The footage moved again to show a pink haired woman fighting back to back with a brunette. Both held staffs in their hands and were using… “Is that magic?” asked Scott, sounding shocked. He hadn’t been talking much- not since the debacle with seeing his girlfriend working with Tony a few weeks back. To bitter. The pink haired girl used magic that was pretty… pink and glittery from what Steve could tell. The brunette though… she suddenly cast aside her staff and ran at a robot, changing midstep into a giant spider that attacked. “Holy shit!” Sam voiced, eyes wide. “Altea and Morrigan.” T’Challa said. “Altea I believe also works for Mr. Stark as a media consultant. I am unaware of what Morrigan does but she knows Cousland.” “…Is Cousland Riley? I remember her- she worked security for SI. Mostly nights apparently.” Natasha asked, sounding angry. Steve supposed she was angry she hadn’t realized who Cousland was sooner. He hoped she was wrong. A woman had no place using her strength like that. “You are correct.” T’Challa said. “Her husband is the blonde man- Zevran Arianni. She kept her name when they married, apparently in Ferelden, the Couslands are nobility of sorts. She does work for Stark, as does the redhead- Leliana and her husband.” “So they’re all Stark’s lackeys.” Wanda sneered. “He misses us.” Mused Steve suddenly. It all made sense. He went to people who had powers resembling their own to try and recreate the team. An archer, a spy, a soilders, people who could fly and people who could use magic. Tony missed them. When he got back, he would tell Tony all he had to do was say sorry. “Obviously. Got a bunch of knock-offs.” Snorted Clint. T’Challa seemed amused as they watched. When it was announced a press conference would be held, they all noted when it would occur to watch. It would be interesting to see how much they failed to compare.- The day of the conference, they all sat down- even T’Challa- to watch. Clint had brought popcorn in excitement.
 “Thank you all for coming.” Tony said. “We’re here to introduce the New Avengers and let you talk to them a bit. Some of them will give you dirty looks- looking at you Morri!”

 “Desist that name or I’ll turn you into a toad.” Snapped the dark haired woman, dressed in rather revealing clothes.
 Steve was upset with Tony. How could he let her wear that?
 “Fine, fine. And some will flirt. But all are good people!” Tony said, grinning. “Now, first up is our lovely archer- Le
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Zevran Arainai/Female Cousland
Altea/MC

freeform: 
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
This is what happens when I get bored at work
On the Night Shift
Team Cap Realized they effed up
Civil War ruined Scott and Clint
Fusion
Self-Indulgent
Angry fic
written while really angry
very guilty pleasure as well

fandom: 
Zevran Arainai/Female Cousland
Altea/MC

