Work Text:
Bucky sat on a bench in the shade of a bodega. His legs swung back and forth, barely long enough to graze the ground at twelve years of age. He licked at his cherry popsicle, the frozen treat already beginning to melt in the blistering summer heat and sticky up his hands. Sweat collected at the nape of his neck, rolling down his back and making his stuffy dress shirt cling to him.He was bored, but it was too hot to play outside and too sunny to be cooped up at home. His dad was probably too busy with work to take him to the pool. With a sigh, he popped the last of his popsicle into his mouth and threw the stick into a nearby potted plant. He slid off the bench and landed on both his feet. He was still hungry, having run out of his house so he wouldn’t have to eat his lunch of chicken breast and brussel sprouts, but he didn’t have anymore money on him.Bucky ducked into the bodega. Somehow it was even hotter inside than it was outside. A middle-aged man with a beer paunch and a thick mustache sat reading the newspaper behind the counter. A four-screen security feed of the store streamed on the oldest piece of junk TV Bucky had ever seen. The man wasn’t paying attention to it.Bucky turned away, biting down on his lower lip.The boys in his class bragged about it, sometimes. About stealing a few dollars worth of candies or a packet of trading cards, even though any one of their parents would toss them a hundred dollar bill if asked. Brock boasted the loudest, claiming to have once stolen a video game from a GameStop by wrapping foil around the casing. Bucky didn’t know if he believed that or not since Brock lied all the time.There wasn’t anything worth stealing in here, but Bucky wanted to try. Just to see if he could do it. If that idiot Brock could do it, then he should be able to, too.Bucky walked past imported snacks to the back where various candy filled the shelves. His hands trembled with fear and excitement. He felt weak-kneed just from the thought of stealing. The closest he had ever gotten to stealing was nicking a gummy worm from the bulk candy bins. When your dad was chief of police, you didn’t think about breaking rules, not unless you wanted the whipping of your life.But he wouldn’t have to worry about that if he didn’t get caught.Bucky glanced around him before slipping a chocolate bar into his pocket. His heart pounded in his chest, loud enough to drown out the buzzing of the electric fans.The hard part was over. He just had to walk out of here like nothing happened. Keeping his eyes fixed on the exit, he jammed his hands into his pockets and made a leisure stroll for the door.Just meters from safety, someone caught his shoulder. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”Bucky’s heart exploded.“I saw that you nasty little rat,” the storekeeper said, grabbing him by the ear. He twisted it, dragging Bucky out on the sidewalk.“Ow! Let me go you asshole!” Bucky cried out, kicking ineffectually at the man’s legs. “I didn’t do anything!”“Shut up! I saw you take something.”The man threw him to the ground. Bucky landed on his hands and knees, scraping up his palms and tearing his pants. Tears of pain and humiliation sprung up in his eyes. This wasn’t supposed to happen. It was just a game. He wasn’t supposed to get in trouble for it, not for a stupid 89 cent chocolate bar.“Gonna call the cops on you, you thieving scum.”Fear jolted through Bucky. He scrambled to his feet, only to be yanked back down by a fist in his hair.“Hey! What’s going on over here?” a deep voice yelled, and then another man was wedging himself protectively between Bucky and the storekeeper. The man’s dark shadow fell over Bucky, shielding him from the worst of the afternoon sun and the storekeeper’s wrath.“Officer, this… boy,” the man said ‘boy’ the same way people said ‘piece of shit’, “was stealing from me.”The cop knelt down beside him and Bucky quickly wiped his tears away with the back of his hand. The man was blond, with strong features and eyes as blue as a cloudless summer sky. His broad shoulders filled out his cop’s uniform and his cap sat straight on his head. Handsome, even to Bucky’s unrefined tastes.He looked kind.“What’s your name?”“Bucky,” he answered, voice small.“Bucky,” the cop repeated. “I’m Steve. Did you steal from this man, Bucky?”Bucky sniffed, lower lip wobbling.The shopkeeper sneered, “Crocodile tears.”Steve ignored him. “What’s that in your pocket, Bucky?” he asked, inclining his head towards the orange package that was sticking out of Bucky’s pants.Bucky reached into his pocket and pulled out a chocolate bar, offering it to Steve on an open palm. “I’m sorry. I was hungry,” he said. Steve’s face softened, a small but sad smile on his lips. Bucky knew then that he had won. A kind man, indeed.Steve took the chocolate bar from his hand. “You can’t take things that aren’t yours without first paying for them. It’s wrong,” he chided. He helped Bucky to standing. “Come on, let’s go pay for this.”Bucky sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Delinquent Bucky
Cop Steve
Spoiled Bucky
bratty bucky
Age Difference
Bucky is 18/Steve is 32
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Light Dom/sub
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Multiple Orgasms
Semi-Public Sex
Frottage
Daddy Kink
but it's barely there
author knows nothing about how police work
Pierce is Bucky's adoptive father

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

