Chapter 1: The Cyclone
    




Chapter Text
“JARVIS!” Tony said happily as he answered the phone, having recognized the ringtone.  “Tell me there are super villains attacking an orphanage.  Bus load of nuns about to plunge off a cliff.  Kitten up a tree—anything that’ll get me out of here.”  He was currently in London, enduring a very dull party.  He’d been press-ganged into coming because they were giving him an award—something about the solar-powered water filtration system he’d invented for a refugee camp in Africa.  He hadn’t minded that part, and even had had been kind of touched by the slideshow of happy children, old people, and animals who now, thanks to him, had clean water to drink.  But that sort of thing couldn’t hold his attention for long, and he was eager to make his escape.  He kept being cornered by really earnest people who wanted to talk about the water filtration system or the many other problems plaguing Africa.  Since he’d already done the water filtration system, and the other things weren’t engineering problems, there wasn’t anything he could do except nod and throw money around, which got old fast.
“I’m afraid I can’t provide an attack on an orphanage, sir,” JARVIS said dryly, “but I am picking up some SHIELD chatter that may be of interest.  They’ve picked up what they’re calling a Spatio-Temporal Disturbance’ at approximate coordinates 54.1 North, 1.5 West.”
“When you say “Spatio-Temporal Disturbance’,” Tony said.  “You mean….”
“SHIELD has not yet come to any conclusions, sir.”  But an array of satellite data suddenly displayed from Tony’s phone.  
Scanning it, he wasn’t able to come to any conclusions either.  The readings were more similar to those from Thor’s appearance in New Mexico than anything else Tony was familiar with, but they weren’t very similar to that.  “Is this up to date?  SHIELD’s not on the scene yet?”  If they were, they’d probably try to keep him out of it.  Emphasis on try.  
“It is, and they aren’t.  They are scrambling a response team from the Helicarrier, but the first responders have just departed as of forty-seven seconds ago, and the rest of the team will be another twenty minutes behind them.”
Calculating the Helicarrier’s position and flight times, compared with his own, Tony did come to a conclusion.  “If I really haul ass, I can get there before they do,” he said, making a bee-line for the elevators, which would take him to his room, where the suitcase armor was waiting under the bed.  “Start initializing the suit, and find me a takeoff point.”
#
Immediately upon regaining consciousness, Thomas rolled onto his side and was violently sick.  Waste of a perfectly good pint and pie,  he thought as he heaved.  
When the spasms subsided, he wiped his mouth on his handkerchief and sat up, looking around him.  He was in the middle of a field—pasture, probably; it didn’t look ploughed.  The shapes of some trees and a bit of wall or something were dimly visible in the near-darkness off to one side.  None of it looked particularly familiar.  
None of it looked a bit like the road back from Thirsk, which was where he ought to have been.  Where he had been.  He’d been walking back from his evening out—he’d missed the last bus—when suddenly the wind had picked up, and—well, his memories were jumbled, and what he could pick out didn’t make much sense.  He’d been swept up and tossed about—it was like a description he’d once read by a survivor of a cyclone in the American middle west.  But you didn’t get cyclones in Yorkshire, as a rule.  
The more likely explanation was that he’d wandered off the road, fallen asleep—or passed out—and dreamed the rest of it.  Only he didn’t think he’d had that much to drink.   Maybe one more than he ought to have had.  Trying to take his mind off things.  
Still, the only thing for it was to find his way back to the road—or a road, if the cyclone had really happened—and make his way back to Downton.  Or to the nearest town—if the cyclone had really happened.  
Thomas got his feet under him and stood up, but as soon as he did, a wave of dizziness passed over him.  He’d likely have been sick again if there was anything left in his stomach; as it was he fell back to his hands and knees and gasped for a moment or two.   
All right, perhaps he needed a bit more time to recover before he went looking for the road.  Looking around in the dim moonlight, he located an outcropping of rock, crawled over to it, and sat up with his back to it.   That was all right.  He’d take it in stages, that was all.  Once he’d been sitting up for a while, he’d try standing again, and take things from there.  And the change in position gave him a little distance from the puddle of sick, which was all to the good.
To pass the time, he lit a cigarette –his Black Cats and lighter were in his pocket where they always were; at least they hadn’t fallen out in the cyclone.  Though where his hat had gone, he had no idea.  
Halfway through the cigarette, Thomas saw a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thomas Barrow/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Butlers
Crossover

fandom: 
Thomas Barrow/Tony Stark

