Work Text:

“There she goes in front of me,

Take my life and set me free again,

We’ll make a memory out of it,

Holy road is at my back,

Don’t look on, take me back again,

We’ll make a memory out of it…”
 When Steve and Bucky bonded, Steve thought he’d never be alone again. He’d never have to face the cold nights in a bed too big for just one person. In his dreams, he had Bucky by his side, his smile, his warmth. And he thought that it would always be like that in life. That he’d wake up next to Bucky, fall asleep next to him. Safe. Warm. Protected. Like it was them against the world.And it was…until the war came and took everything from him.Steve accepted his fate, putting himself in the ice. He thought that would be it. But then he woke up to a new world with flashing lights, loud music, bright colours and the bustle of New York, knowing no one. Time past and he got used to the new people in his life. Natasha was like a sister he never had, Tony a friend that he bickered with but would die for and fiercely protect, Sam, a brother that he would lay his life down for. The same for Clint, for Wanda, who filled the space of a child he had once thought he’d have of his own, for Thor, for Bruce, for Pietro, Maria, even Fury. Along with all of those people came others, Peter, Rhodey, Vision, Scott, Happy, the list when on and on.And those people filled the holes in his fragile heart. They melded in well with the blue of Bucky’s eyes and the red of Peggy’s dresses. They made him feel warm like his mother’s hugs and his father’s laugh. He still saw Howard whenever he looked at Tony for too long and if he thought about it too much, he saw Dum Dum’s eyes in every soldier’s eyes. He still heard Monty whenever someone made a joke about the devil, Morita when they played cards, Jacques when they had karaoke night and Gabe whenever they went dancing.But it was better.He was smiling more.He was living.And then Bucky came back and Steve thought he’d have everything he wanted. But life had a knack for screwing him over. This time, it was the worst.Bucky didn’t remember their bond. He didn’t remember the nights spent wiping Steve’s tears away after his mother died. He didn’t remember kissing Steve until he was red in the face. He didn’t remember making love as the world around them faded away.All he remembered was their friendship. After they hit their 20’s it was all gone.And that, that hurt worse than the 70 years in ice. 
“We finally fall apart and we break each other’s hearts,

If we wanna live young love we better start today…”
 Steve had taken to spending his heats alone, locked up on his floor. Before Bucky came back. When he did, and it was clear that Bucky didn’t remember, he started taking heat suppressants and scene blockers to hide them. They also masked his feelings, so he smelt neutral all the time. No one suspected a thing, at least, if they did, they didn’t tell Bucky. And for that, Steve was glad.Bucky had enough on his plate than dealing with Steve and his emotional baggage. Besides, he was on another mission with Wanda and Clint. This time, Steve would spend it properly for the first time in months.“Steve, don’t do this,” Sam said to him on the night before his heat was due, “please, just tell Barnes. He’ll wanna know. He’ll help you –“No, I can’t,” Steve shook his head, feeling like he was about to cry all over again. He had been all evening. “They used to tell us stories of what it was like to lose a bond mate. It was like losin’ half your soul.”“Steve –“I didn’t feel that when Bucky fell, I thought maybe there was somethin’ wrong with me. And now he’s back, I understand what they meant. They meant it might not feel like you’ve physically lost anything, but it feels like your heart has been ripped out of your chest. Like somethin’ has taken the thing that made you see in colour and painted it all grey,” Steve said, tears falling down his cheeks. “I can’t tell Bucky if he doesn’t remember. What if he feels that, but doesn’t remember why or who for? It’s best this way.”“Why, so you hurt all alone?” Sam asked protectively, “you don’t deserve it, you don’t –“I do Sam, I do. I let him fall, if I hadn’t then maybe –“Don’t you do that,” Sam growled, “you had no idea. You had no idea. Steve. Please, listen to me, just talk to him. He misses you. He hardly sees you.”Steve shook his head and sniffed, “he’s better off without me, Sam.”Sam stayed with Steve until the morning. When Steve’s heat hit, he locked all the doors and windows. He had everything he’d need with him.And so, Steve sat, back pressed against his apartment door, blankets wrapped around him, alcohol in one hand and Bucky’s picture in the other. And there, in the darkness of his room, he sobbed himself to sleep.“ " It’s gotta get easier, oh easier somehow, 
Cause I’m falling, I’m falling,

Oh easier and easier somehow,

Oh I’m calling, I’m calling,


And it isn’t over unless it is over,


I don’t wanna wait for that,

I t’s gotta get easier and e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky - Freeform
Depressed Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Recovered Memories
implied suicidal thoughts
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Soul Bond
Claiming Bites
Mates
True Love
Kissing
Making Love
Emotional Sex
Anal Sex
Knotting
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Safe Sane and Consensual
Endearments
Pet Names
Based off prompt
Belly Kink
Miscarriage
Past Miscarriage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

