Chapter 1: Awakening
    




Chapter Text

 From the second I was born it seems I had a loaded gun 


 That I shot, shot, shot a hole through everything I loved.

 


 

The thing about Tony is….
The thing about Tony is he’s built himself up from dirt and gravel. He’s been shoved into the ground, scrapped rocks across his face, burned in the hot sand. Tony’s been through hell. But that’s the thing about Starks, they never stop getting up. Tony falls and he falls hard and then, he picks himself back up again and again because he  can’t  do anything else. He rises from the ashes and he learns from the burns.
The Accords are no different.
Steve sends him a half assed letter and a flip phone that burns through Tony’s technological soul and tells him to buck up and come calling, come crawling back. Tony, with the patience of a man who had already stopped breaking who was  broken  but mending, calmly reads through the letter.
And, after he’s done, he burns it. Along with the phone.
 

 
It takes him three hours to crawl up to his knees and contact Friday.
His mind is a strangely quiet place for a man who’s just had his life collapse around him. But, this- this isn’t new to him. His life falling apart. So he does what he always does. He gets up. He doesn’t let himself die here, even though he wants to, wants to so bad. Instead, be bucks up, puts some iron in his spine, fire in his belly and goes to work.
He claws his way out of the dead suit  with the chest caved out where Steve had hit him again and again and again until he could almost feel the arc reactor in his skin, cracking, shrapnel crawling  and wanders around shivering, silent, looking for parts.
It takes him less than fifteen minutes to have a working radio using parts of his crushed phone and various icky Hydra technologies.
The first one he calls is Friday. He could have called Pepper or Rhodey but he knows. Knows Friday is already down a Big Brother and   fuck god he missed Jarvis. Missed his first born in ways that split open his skin and punched its way into his soul. A visceral physical pain starting at the tips of his hair down to his toes is sure to be stretching herself much farther than she ever should be for a program so young, to find him.
He punches in the number to the Tower and waits. Friday answers.
“Boss?” he smiles at that lilting irish tone, “Boss is that you? Please be you.”
“Hey Fri,” his voice sounds like gravel, “Come and get me baby girl.”
The relief in her tone is palpable. “Locking onto your coordinates now. On my way, boss.”
Tony sighs and leans back.
“Take your time.”

 
(They find him passed out against the glass of an empty pod, his fingers blue and his eyelashes frosting over. Smiling.)

 
No one sees Tony Stark for two months. The public rages, needing someone to put up on the cross, someone to crucify for their fear and with Captain America gone, Tony Stark is the next best option. They stage rallies around his home and boycott his company and try to storm Stark Tower.
What they weren’t expecting was Pepper Fucking Potts.
The first and last time, a protest enters Stark Tower without authorization Pepper Potts comes down personally.
Her eyes are arctic, cold and burning with anger. She stands with her head held high and her shoulders squared ready to take them all on.
“We want Stark! We want Stark! He has to pay for his crimes! Pay for his crimes!”
Pepper Potts walks out in black heels with red bottoms. She sets her feet and sucks in a furious, arctic cold breath and bellows.
“You are on  Stark Property!  Anyone not willing to leave immediately will be removed!”
“Oh yea? And who's going to remove us?” sneers a woman from the front row. The crowd is fifty people strong but she is Pepper Potts.
“We have a very adequate security staff to do just that.” she says coolly.
“We aren’t leaving until we get Stark!” a man shouts.
“Would you like me to drag him out of his hospital bed? Rip out his ventilation tube and force him to come down here, delirious with fever?” she asks viciously.
The man splutters and Pepper takes one predatory step forward, looking like a force of nature.
“What would you say to him, huh? Would you like me to hold him up on his shattered ankle and listen to you as he took shuttering breaths through his cracked ribs and collapsed lung? You want me to torture him for you?  Is that what you want? ”
The man has gone ten shades paler and Pepper is viciously satisfied. Taking a deep breath, she regains herself and looks over the crowd with a steely eye.
“If you’ve come here looking for someone to blame well, I‘ve got bad news for you. The ones to blame aren’t here. The only one here is the man who tried to protect  you.  The man who looked at all the good superheroes were doing and looked at the bad and then looked to  you  and conceded to your wishes. He did this for  you.  He protected  you.  And now you have the gall to storm his building and demand his testimony as he lay injured from protecting  you? ” Her voi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Pepper Potts/ Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Possibe T'Challa/ Tony Stark
Possible James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark
possible anyone/ Tony stark
Except Steve - Relationship
possible Tony Stark/ Peter Quill
I'm feeling that one lately

freeform: 
Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
Not Team Captain America Friendly
Not fucking friendly
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Tony has a family
It isn't the rogue Avengers
Tony is too forgiving
But Rhodey isn't afraid to say "fuck you"
Friday is his girl
Science Bros
Science Bros feels
Tony Stark always had a heart
And Steve fucking broke it
but that's okay
Tony will rebuild it
We heal from trauma in this house
everyone is mentally ill
Or neurodivergent
Everyone is a real person with motivations and character developments
Even if they're also dumbasses
Everyone gets the opportunity to heal
even if they don't get the opportunity to be forgiven
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
past Pepper Potts/ Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Possibe T'Challa/ Tony Stark
Possible James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark
possible anyone/ Tony stark
Except Steve - Relationship
possible Tony Stark/ Peter Quill
I'm feeling that one lately

