Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
The ringing of the house phone shattered the silence of the night.  Peter jumped nearly a foot in the air from his place on the couch and fell to the ground in front of the coffee table disoriented.  It took him another couple rings for him to get his bearings.  He’d been waiting for Aunt May to come back but he must have fallen asleep on the couch.  
“Hello?” He answered the phone at the same time he noticed it’d been over an hour since May had left to get ice cream.  A small kernel of worry seeded.  What was taking her so long?
“Is this Peter Parker?”
“Yes…”
“This is Dr. Nguyen.  I’m sorry but your aunt’s been in an accident and we’re going to need you to come to Queens Memorial as soon as you can.”
“Oh my god.  What happened?  Is she ok?” Peter panicked.
“We can talk in person when you get here.  Do you have a way to get here?”
“Um y-yeah.  I’m leaving right now.”
“Ok we’ll talk soon.”
“Ok.  Bye.”
Peter had never webbed anywhere faster in his entire life.
 
 
“Is there anyone we can call for you?” Peter knew the doctor was just trying to be nice but it was the completely wrong thing to ask in the moment.  His aunt had just died.  He knew he was all alone.  The man didn’t need to rub it in.
“Can I just have a minute alone with her?” Peter’s voice was barely above a whisper, not once glancing away from his aunt’s body.
“Of course.  Take as long as you need.” The click of the door reverberated throughout the silent room as the physician left, finally leaving Peter alone with Aunt May.
If Peter didn’t know better he could’ve convinced himself she was just sleeping, except for the milky whiteness of her skin and the complete stillness.  It seemed wrong that someone could die so quickly with no visible signs of injury.
Severe internal bleeding they’d said.  She’d died almost instantly.  She hadn’t suffered.  Peter wondered if she’d been scared.  If she’d been aware in her last brief moments.  If she’d known she was dying.  What her last thoughts had been.  If they’d been of him.
Peter reached out a shaky hand but couldn’t bring himself to touch her.  He didn’t want to feel the coolness of her skin, the certainty of death.  He let his hand drop down by his side and a small sob erupted from him.
“Aunt May?” He whispered.  “Please?”
No response.  Of course.  People didn’t come back from the dead except in dreams.  If anyone should know better it should be him.
“I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry.”  He bit his lip and forced himself to finally lay his hand against her cheek.  It was cool just like he’d known it would be.  No warmth of life.  She was gone.  He was truly alone now.
“Noo.” He whined against the unfairness of the world as the tenuous hold he’d had on his emotions broke.  He sobbed brokenly and fell forward to rest his head on his aunt’s chest and hold her in his arms.  
The unresponsiveness of his usual demonstrative aunt sent a knife straight into his heart.  He’d never get to feel her hugs again.  Or hear her laugh at his jokes or wake up to the smell of her cooking.  He’d never get to talk to her again.  His thoughts continued to spiral downward as he cried uncontrollably.
He had no concept of how much time had passed when he heard a quiet knock on the door.  Tears still silently fell down his face but at some point he’d lost the energy to cry aloud.
The door opened but he didn’t care enough to face whoever had walked in.
“Peter?  I’m Ms. Walker.  I’m one of the social workers here at the hospital.  Can I talk to you?”
Peter didn’t respond, unbidden memories surfaced of the last time he’d had to deal with people like this woman - when his parents had died.
The woman cleared her throat awkwardly.  “It’s been brought to my attention that your aunt was your last living relative.  I need to talk to you about where you’re going to stay from now on.”
“I have a friend I can stay with tonight.” Peter croaked.  Ned’s parents wouldn’t mind if he crashed there.
The woman cleared her throat again.  Peter wondered blearily if maybe it was a tick.
“I meant where you’re going to stay more permanently.”
And oh god.  How could Peter not have thought of that?  He was a genius after all but somehow he hadn’t made the connection that these people wouldn’t just let him go live home alone since he was technically still a minor.  A minor that went out nightly and risked his life to fight crime.
“I’ll file for emancipation.” Peter mumbled.  “I can take care of myself.”
The social worker didn’t seem to be expecting that if the extended silence was any indication.  “So you have a job?  A way to support yourself?”
“Just go away.” Peter finally snapped, his grief finding a new outlet in anger.
“Peter I’m sorry for your loss but we really need to talk about your future.”
His future?  Now?  While his aunt’s body was barely cold?  Was this lady nuts?
“There’s a nice family I have lined up that you can stay with.  They have another foster son about your age.”
Foster son?  He wasn’t going into fos
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Nightmares
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
Adoption

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

