Work Text:


One.


The government housing wasn't the worst but it certainly wasn't the best. Each of the Avengers had their own rooms with attached bathrooms, sharing a kitchen and a living room. The set-up was more suited for college students than superheroes but they made do with the space they had. 

The tortuously slow internet, however, was intolerable. 

Sam voiced his complaints the United Nations liaison, who was absolutely no help in this matter because technically it was working fine. The next day, he took matters into his own hands and called an internet service provider to schedule an installation. If the United Nations' Accords Committee refused to fix the issue, then Sam would...as soon as he was off of the seemingly indefinite hold.

When the wait time reached an hour, the call abruptly disconnected. Sam tried again and a representative picked up instantly, which soothed some of the irritation. Except she had to transfer him and that led to a thirty minute wait, then another transfer, then a fifteen minute wait, followed by another transfer that ended with a click. 

It continued like this for the rest of the day, a series of false starts and dashed hopes. Sometimes Sam would be connected immediately and other times the wait was infuriating. Once, he got as far as to have a reference number but the next representative couldn't find records of it. He tried contacting other companies but encountered the same problems of prolonged wait time and mysteriously dropped calls. Also, the music was simply atrocious. 

Sam felt exhausted and drained by the end of it, with nothing to show for his efforts. Everyone he had spoken with were exceedingly polite and apologetic, but it didn't lessen the frustration and the suspicion that this was somehow personal. He eventually dismissed it as absurd, there was no way multiple internet service providers allied together for the specific and trivial purpose of making his day awful.

He would just have to try again the next day. 

 


Two.


Natasha sighed as she waited in line for her dry cleaning. It seemed wrong that a capable woman of her caliber was performing such a mundane task. She missed the Avengers Compound's laundry service with an ache disproportional to the chore.

This was the fifth dry cleaner Natasha had tried, the previous four had, in one way or another, caused damages that didn't quite render the garment unwearable but were noticeable enough that she hadn't wanted to wear it. She hoped that fifth time was the charm.

The attendant glanced at the ticket stub with an eye roll. He activated the rotating rack with a lazy flick of a finger. Rows of clothes glided by slowly, the whirring of the gears was grating on Natasha's nerves.

"Sorry, we don't have your stuff." The attendant said with a shrug.

Natasha felt her temper flare. "What?" She let a bit of Black Widow creep into her voice. 

"Can't find it." This was either a very obtuse or extremely naïve young man, because he did not respond to the threat in Natasha's tone. "Next!"

Inhaling sharply, Natasha tried to calm herself. It wouldn't do to get angry, the last dry cleaner filed a restraining order against her, which made the news. She shuffled through the crowded store, hissing as elbows dug into her sides, and stomped toward the door. The casual and callous dismissal knotted in her chest, tightening with each step and pulling as she breathed.


 



Three.


Clint couldn't quite suppress the feeling of trepidation as he took out his credit card to purchase the groceries. With a defeated sigh, he removed his phone from his pocket. It would ring soon.

As soon as he swiped the card, an angry beep sounded from the machine.


Declined

.

The cashier looked unamused and the man behind him coughed to disguise his scoff.

Clint counted down in his head. Five, four, three… His phone rang. "This is Clint Barton. Birth date January 7, 1971. I'm at the grocery store, trying to make a purchase of $45.87." He rattled off before the other person could finish the perfunctory greeting.

Since their reinstatement, there had been issues with his debit and credit cards. Apparently being an international fugitive and declared a war criminal meant his assets were frozen and his card activity was heavily monitored. Though it did seem a bit over-zealous to track and verify every single transaction.

It only took a few minutes for Clint to confirm his identity before his card was cleared for purchase, but it felt like hours with the way the clerk tapped his fingers and the people in line behind him shuffling to another checkout stand.

On his way out of the store, Clint considered taking out cash but any withdrawals over $100 would be flagged by the United Nations.

Despite their pardons, they were still considered flight risks.

The engine roared to life with a twist of the key and so did the gas light. He groaned at the thought of having another conversation with the Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention departm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Customer Service & Tech Support
Consequences
Possible Pettiness
Don't Mess with the People
Humor
5+1

fandom: 
None
