Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He tried to make himself as small as possible as he followed his aunt and uncle, his aunt holding onto his larger cousin's hand, through the large crowd, trying to not to trip. They were moving very quickly for his four year old little legs. The cuffs of his pants, even though they were rolled up several times covered up his bare feet. His shirt was four sizes to big and hung off of his thin and boney shoulders. He didn't know where he was. One minute he was let out of his cupboard to start on breakfast, which he did and had to stand in the corner and watched as his relatives eat, the next they all piled into the car. Which was strange, he was never allowed in the car. His uncle drove them somewhere. It was really big and full of people, an airport. They then went on this big metal machine that flew, a plane it's called. It's was very loud and hurt his ears. He didn't get to sit with his relatives. He had to sit near the back of the plane. Which was okay with him. One of the nice ladies, a flight attendant, handed him a book to read during the flight. He could read all the  words. He had to learn so he could read the labels on the foods he cooks. His teacher at school said he was smart. The pictures were bright and colourful. He must have read it over a 100 times, always being careful turning the pages. He thanked the nice lady and handed her back the book when they had landed. The lady gave the book back to him and told him to keep it. No one has ever given him anything. He was going to cherish it. His aunt eyed him disdainfully when she spotted him. She didn't say anything about the book when she saw it. His uncle then rushed them through the new airport, they got into a taxi that took them to this big building. The ground was hot and it burnt his feet. This was how he ended up where he was now, rushing through the crowds, trying to keep up with his relatives, his new cherished item held in his arms. The cool marble floors felt wonderful on his sore feet.By the time he caught up to his relatives they were talking to a very pretty lady with red hair dressed in a purple business suit.His aunt grabbed his arm roughly when he appeared by their side, no doubt leaving bruises. "He's your problem now," his aunt hissed to the pretty lady and shoved him towards her.Harry stumbled and fell to his knees not to far from the pretty lady. His cherished gift fell out of his arms and slid across the polished floor. He gave a small cry, hoping that the book was okay. He saw the pretty lady pick up the book before walking towards him. He stared as she crouched down in front of him holding out his book. He hesitantly took the book, before looking behind him. He gave a slight frightened look when he couldn't see his relatives. He turned back to the pretty lady."They aren't coming back are they?" He asked scrambling to his feet. He hugged the book to his chest.The lady gave him a sad smile and shook her head."My name is Pepper Potts, I'm a cousin of your dad's." The lady smiled.He frown. He didn't know much about his parents. Just that they died in a car accident. They were driving drunk and that's how he had gotten the scar on his head."Are you going to take me to an orphanage?" He asked. His uncle had threaten to drop him off at one at least once a day. He guess that it was finally going to happen.He looked down at the book in his arms. He won't be able to take it with him. His aunt told him many times that once a child gets dropped off at the orphanages that they get stripped of everything because the children don't deserve to have things.He held out his book back to the lady. He was going to miss it. "You'll have to find a child that's more deserving to have the book. Aunt Petunia said that children that go to orphanages don't get to keep things cause they don't deserve them."The lady gave a startled look."I'm not going to be sending you to an orphanage." She stayed crouched in front of him and didn't look to take the book from him. "You will get to live with me from now on."He frown and quickly pulled his book back to him."Come," she held out her hand with a smile. "We'll wait for my boss to show up then I'll take you to get some necessary things for living with me."He hesitantly stood and took her hand. "But I'm not suppose to get things. I'm not deserving of them."He was confused.He was sudden yanked forwards and two arms wrapped around him. He tensed. Warmth then surrounded him. This must be what a hug feels like. "Oh Harry, what did those horrible people do to you?" He heard the woman whisper.He didn't know who or what she was whispering about, only that she had use his name. He felt warm spread into chest at the use of his name. He didn't know that it boy, freak or creature wasn't his name until he had started school a month ago. She pulled back from the hug to look him in the face."You look a lot like your dad, though those colour of eyes are very familiar." She sent him a smile. "Let's g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/?
Pepper Potts/Sirius Black

freeform: 
Magic
Harry raised by others
Mpreg
Pepper is a squib
Hurt Harry
Child Peter
Child Harry
Teen Clint
Growing Up
Tony has a heart
Adoption

fandom: 
Tony Stark/?
Pepper Potts/Sirius Black

