Chapter 1: Same Routine
    


Summary:

[SPIDER-MAN HOMECOMING SPOILER] Set after Peter tells Tony he doesn't want to be an Avenger.



Notes:
This is my second Spider-Man related work, and I'm actually really excited about this one. After watching Spider-Man: Homecoming, I fell in love the Tom Holland's portrayal of Peter Parker. He makes him so innocent, loving, loyal, naive, child-like and it's so fitting for Peter. Now let's make something terrible happen to him.




Chapter Text
       Same Routine 
            As he walks down the hall of the Avengers’ new headquarters, he can’t help the giddy excitement coursing through him that has him smiling from ear to ear. Even if it really was just a test, Tony asked him to be an Avenger. Him! Little Peter Parker. Sure, it would be a dream come true, but he can’t leave Aunt May, Ned, or school; especially not the city that needs him. He just has too many things to take care of right now, so he’s glad it was all just a test.          He hops into the backseat of Happy’s black car and takes out his camera phone and presses the ‘record’ button.          “I can’t believe what just happened!” Peter’s voice is an octave higher due to his excitement, his arm is holding the side of his head in a surprised expression. “Mr. Stark, no- Iron Man asked me to be an Avenger! He even made me this amazing high-tech suit that was on this pedestal thing and it was all glowing and shiny and ugh it was so cool!”         Peter, in the midst of all his excitement, doesn’t notice Happy walking through the front door and down the cement steps of the Avengers facility. Happy walks to the side of the car and hears Peter’s rambling even before he opens the car door. He rolls his eyes and opens the door.          “Who’s ‘Penis Parker’ now Flash?” Peter folds his fingers back in his signature web-shooting position and makes a web noise into the camera.          “What are you doing?” Happy asked, sounding exasperated and way too old for this job.          Peter fumbles with the phone before he looks to Happy, “Nothing…just making a-another video.”          “You can’t send that to anyone. Put it away.”          He hurriedly turns off the camera and puts his phone back in his pocket. With Happy still staring at him, he quickly puts his seat-belt on and sits with his hands resting on his lap. Happy nods, seemingly satisfied, and puts the keys in the ignition. Peter looks out the window and takes in the scene one last time. One day, he promises himself, he’ll live in that building and make a difference all over the world. He can train with Captain America (if that weird conflict between him and Mr. Stark ever goes away). Maybe even talk to Black Widow, one spider to another. Happy starts the car, Peter takes one last look at the building and exhales.          “Make sure you have everything because we’re not coming back for it. You don’t need to go pee or anything do you?” Happy asked.          Peter shakes his head, but quickly realizes Happy isn’t looking and clears his throat, “No, I-I’m fine, Happy.”          They ride in silence, which Peter learned is the way Happy prefers it. Not long into the ride, the week’s antics finally catch up to him as he tries to keep his head from bobbing up and down. He leans against the cool window and closes his eyes, drifting off before realizing it.          His arm is shaken and Peter startles awake with Happy’s hand still gripping his toned bicep. It’s evening, the sun shines just overhead, the weather perfect. Aunt May should be at work still, maybe he’ll make some dinner for her when she comes back or order takeout. He stares at the tall apartment building and exhales deeply. It isn’t Avengers worthy, but Peter couldn’t ask for better.          “Alright, Peter,” Happy said tiredly. “Wake on up and have a good one. Don’t go running into trouble.” He turns back to the wheel before Peter has the chance to reciprocate and settles for a quick goodbye and a thank you. Manners are important, Peter reminds himself.          It only takes a few more weeks until he’s able to settle back into his normal life- well, as normal as a 15-year-old boy with crazy spider abilities goes. Of course, now things are different ever since Liz left, but that’s alright. He still has Ned, and he even made a new friend: Michelle, or "MJ". And everyday after school, he runs to his designated alley and strips his clothes as quickly as possible. The excitement of saving his city urges him to get undressed faster. Clad in his red and blue spandex, a gift he received out of the blue one day just sitting on his bed in a paper bag, courtesy of Tony Stark. He smiles wide under his mask and webs his backpack to the brick wall before taking off in a joyous sprint. Hopefully his backpack doesn’t end up missing…for the fifteenth time. Maybe he should find a completely different location for his stuff.          It’s a good day, Peter thought, mentally patting himself on the back. He sits on a fi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Coach Wilson

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Self-Harm
Masturbation
Vibrators
Teacher-Student Relationship
First Time Blow Jobs
Dubiously Consensual Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Semi-Public Sex
Poor Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Control
Light Bondage
Heavy Angst
Tony to the rescue
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
Peter Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark is a Good Dad
Fluff and Angst
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Tony
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Mental Breakdown
Blackmail
Molestation
Loss of Virginity
Virgin Peter Parker
Virgin Peter
Precious Peter Parker
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Psychological Trauma
Rape Recovery
Recovery
Tony Helps Peter
Father-Son Relationship
father Tony Stark
Happy Hogan Isn't That Big Of A Jerk To Peter
Peter Parker Has a Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Coach Wilson

