Chapter 1: Metal Armed Angel of Death
    


Notes:
Please mind the tags!!  This is the most serious thing that I've ever written.  I tried to be all encompassing on the tags, but please note that there may be more added at a later date.   I will try to put warnings at the beginning of most chapters as well.A very special thank you to phoenix_173 and DntPanic42  for their amazing work as betas and cheerleaders.  And also phoenix_173 for providing me with the smutty gif that was supposed to be a simple gif smut that I post to my tumblr.  The gif smut needed backstory, and when I started writing it, I got 50k in before I could even get to the smut.  so here we are...




Chapter Text

Chapter One: Metal Armed Angel of Death

 
No one even noticed Darcy Lewis was gone until she was found again.
 
Looking back, Steve would blame himself; he always did.  Tony would blame Fury.  Fury would blame Asgard.  Asgard would blame Hydra.  There was blame everywhere, but blame wouldn’t get her five hundred and seventy-two days of her life back.  It wouldn't turn back the clock and it wouldn't undo what had been done to her.
 
On the first day of the New Year in 2014, Jane Foster had hopped merrily into a portal with Thor, shortly after receiving Darcy's official resignation as her ever lasting intern.  It had been a long time coming, she could only do so much for Jane, physics-wise, and it wasn't known how long Thor would be keeping Jane off of Midgard's surface.  
 
The split between the two brunettes had been amicable enough, but both seemed to feel abandoned by the other.  Still, Jane had Thor to comfort her, and Darcy had very nearly nothing, besides a non-disclosure agreement a mile long, and an opportunity to meet Pepper Potts with the hope that maybe, just maybe Stark Industries had a place for her so she wouldn't have to resort to joining SHIELD just in order to have a job and an opportunity to put a roof over her head.
 
Pepper had been unavailable, and it had been Tony that had greeted her with a squint and a grumble, ushering her up to the penthouse and shoving her towards Steve, who had been quietly conversing with Natasha at the bar.
 
"This is---uhm---Great rack," Tony said in his distracted, anxious way, waving his hand full of whiskey towards Darcy.  "Here to interview to be your right hand gal."
 
"Tony," Steve sighed.  "I'm sure she has a name."
 
"Darcy Lewis," Natasha answered, staring Darcy down in an assessing way.  "Twenty-four years old, Baltimore native, no known living family, Culver University drop out---"
 
"Harsh," Darcy muttered, her shoulders hunching in and hands fiddling with her glasses.  She had thought she was here at Avenger's Tower to interview for an entry level position down in some dark, cave-like office.  This was the first she had heard of Captain America needing an assistant.  If she ever got to see Thor again, she was going to have a meaningful conversation with him about appropriate interview preparations.  
 
She felt very, very small as both Natasha and Steve gave her a once over.  She knew that the business suit she had on was probably about a size too small (perhaps even two sizes too small), She knew that her shoes were scuffed and not stilettos and not red-soled.  She looked ill prepared and unqualified for most jobs at Stark Industries, but especially inept for being the assistant to Steve Rogers.  
 
"She's refused to join up with SHIELD twenty-three times in the last two years, despite having a level three clearance and already signing all eighty-three NDA's," Natasha continued to talk about her as if she wasn't even there.  "It's not so easy to find a job in this market anyway, but add that baggage to it and the huge two year hole in your resume, I suppose job hunting isn't easy."
 
"Nice to meet you too.  Next time want to take me to dinner first before getting to third base with my background check?" Darcy snapped at the Black Widow, essentially throwing the middle finger at her own, very limited, self preservation instincts.  
 
Natasha smiled at that, and her eyes slid to Steve, surveying his reaction.  He'd been getting better at hiding things on his face, but he couldn't hide the blush at the tips of his ears.  
 
"She'd be good for you, Rogers, she'd keep you on top of that inbox you blatantly refuse to look at," Natasha shrugged before going back to making her martini.  
 
"I didn't know that this was a job interview for---for this," Darcy blurted, looking up at Steve warily.  "I thought it was human resources."
 
"He's human, he's a resource," Tony checked his phone again for a call from Pepper's doctors.  "Assist all over him, Little Miss Great Rack."
 
"Stark!" Steve clipped out angrily.
 
"This is so far beyond my capabilities," Darcy said quietly, taking a step backwards from Steve, who took one step closer to her in turn, his eyes doing a once over of her again, from the top of her head to the bottom of her scuffed pumps and back up again to settle on he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
non consent issues
A LOT of violence
Human Experimentation
bisexual supersoldiers
Bucky playing three characters
Pregnancy
eventual wintershieldshock
Eventual ShieldShock
mentions of previous Stucky
strained Jane and Darcy 'friendship'
themes of abandonment
Did I Mention Violence?
darcy lewis: the winter soldier's favorite murder kitten
this all happened because of a gif smut prompt gone horribly wrong and complicated
darker themes than the author is used to
darcy is not best friends with all of the avengers
On the Run
reckless destroying of mostly nameless Hydra people
shieldshock pulls into the station around chapter 27....

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

