Chapter 1: Knotting
    


Notes:
This chapter has been edited.




Chapter Text
“JARVIS, do not let him in here!” Tony said as he watched Steve type in the security code to his lab door through the security camera.
 
“Sir, I apologize but I’m afraid my protocols are being overwritten.” Jarvis’ voice ranged out.
 
“You’re drunk.” Steve accused disrespectfully as he barged in. The captain hadn’t even seen the engineer yet; he just assumed. Add that with his rude, snooty attitude and Tony found himself peeved and pouring himself another glass of scotch.
 
“Omega, get out. I’m working.” Tony ordered in a tone that would have any other omega running for the hills.
 
Steve, however, was not any other omega; he was a pack-omega. Pack omegas were extremely rare and had just a smidge more dominance than regular omegas because packs can only be formed through them. And whenever their pack was faced with danger, the pack-omega would take leadership over the members of the pack and strived to protect them, becoming extremely aggressive. Outside danger, the alphas and betas in the pack (dominates) held authority over the pack-omega almost like any other omega.
 
“No, you’re drinking." Steve said with a sigh, then brought his tone down a notch. "I need to talk to you.” Steve said as he reached for the glass Tony was nursing.
 
Tony snatched his hand away, “Know your place! Shut up and leave.” Tony demanded.

Steve sighed again in exasperation, “Tony, listen to me.”
Steve nearly begged in desperation. Tony was Steve’s mate; that made him the pack-alpha and gave him ultimate authority over Steve, with a little authority over the group.
 
“I told you to leave. Don’t be disobedient.” Tony said as demanding as he could without getting too angry. He knew he didn’t really show it but he loved Steve and hated punishing him.
 
“You’ve been down here for the past eight hours. You always do this when you’ve had a bad day. Why can’t you just talk about things.” Steve said, he sounded so hurt and jaded. There was so much emotion in his voice. Tony didn't know now to deal with it. He was never taught how to deal with an omega past punishing them when they were disobedient. So Tony did what he always diid when he couldn't find a solution to a problem. He downed his cup in one gulp, refilled it and downed that one too, “I do talk about things, just not with you!” He spat and a sadness shadowed Steve’s face before the anger returned.
 
Steve reached for the cup again, “HAND ME THAT!” The blond commanded as if he held any authority at this moment. Tony slapped him hard, suppressing the immediate guilt, hoping the omega will get a fucking clue and leave but Steve just stepped in Tony’s space instead.
 
“BITCH ALPHA!” Steve yelled in his face. That was one of the worst insults that could be thrown at an alpha, especially an omega to his mate. Tony’s reply was a more vicious slap that sent that blonde crashing to the floor.
 
The serum couldn’t fight nature. When Steve’s dominates released negative pheromones, his strengths were reduced to that of a weak beta. Even then, the soldier packed a mean wallop, Tony found out when the omega sprung off the floor and decked Tony in the face. It knocked him back a few steps and for a second Tony couldn’t even remember his own name. Steve was provoking him. Purposely. Why? Even the genius couldn’t answer that.
Omegas hated to be dominated. Unless they were in heat, any dominating action was a punishment for them; although their submission was instinct. Alphas and betas respected one another, even with alphas holding more authority. Innately, omegas craved for that same, exact respect. They wanted everything to be equal, especially sex. No dominate, no submissive. Just mutual love making. And as long as they stayed in their place, omegas received some respect. Granted, not as much as it could have been but it was a hell of a lot better than the alternative.
 
Steve had a problem with staying in his place. His dominates were super lenient and let him run somewhat rampant but he still managed to get punished at least three times a day.
 
Tony paused; devising a suitable reprimand, trying to put it off because he didn’t want to do it.
 
“Please alpha, could you just pay attention to me for a second?” Steve pleaded. Tony ignored him and reached to pour himself another drink but Steve grabbed the scotch bottle and threw it at the latest, most impressive Ironman suit that Tony had spent the past 14 months building; it was practically finished.
 
The bottle floated through that air and managed to crash against the one weak spot on the entire design. The suit sparked and the limbs fell apart before the core explodes.
 
Tony stared at his destroyed masterpiece, wide eyed and jaw glued to the floor. Steve seemed shocked and guilt-ridden and when he looked at Tony’s livid face he became very, extremely frightened, putting his hands up in front of him and looking at his alpha through his lashes.
 
“T-tony I didn't…
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Phil Coulson/Nick Fury

freeform: 
Omegaverse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Bonding
Dominance
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Domestic Violence
Submission
Knotting
Lab Sex
Punishment
Sexual Violence
Smut
Gangbang
Alpha Thor
Alpha Natasha
Alpha Clint
Alpha Bruce
Pack Bonding
Soul Bond
Soul packs
Polyamory
bite marking
Pack omega Steve
Collars
Leashes
slight situational humiliation
D/s elements
Gags
Licking
Squirting
Facials
Omega Fury
Alpha Phil
bjs
Fingering
Plugs
Steve went to Cornell
Scientist!Steve
genius!Steve
Work In Progress
THIS STORY IS NOT ABANDONED!!!!!!!
Dark
LOTS OF ABUSE HERE
Don't read this if Domestic Violence is your trigger
BDSM elements

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Phil Coulson/Nick Fury

