Work Text:
"You did what??""I may have, inadvertently, uh... reset it?""But why?""I, ah... it's a bit... I didn't think it would do that... I just... I was...""Clark, Kal, Superman, Abs of Steel... calm down. Just tell me what you were trying to do. Did you mean to wipe out our little BRAINIAC, the Kryptonian AI?""No! I was just trying to load up the Jor-El simulation. I found it in the data banks and... I just wanted to talk to it. Him. My father."Tony sighed, his expression turning from betrayed to understanding: "OK, so you wanted to talk to your dad. I see. I can understand that. But I don't see any simulation running now... what gives?""I don't know. Something went wrong, BRAINAIC tried to delete the Jor-El simulation while it was loading... and then the Jor-El sim invoked some emergency routine that turned off BRAINIAC... and now I don't know what to do! I'm sorry, Tony, so sorry!""Put that pout away, kid - I'll see what I can do to reboot the Jor-El sim first, so you can have your chat with dear old Space Dad. And then we'll see what happened to our little BRAINIAC.""Thank you, Tony!""Don't thank me yet - and stop smiling like that, gee, your teeth are annoyingly perfect, has anyone told you? - Don't thank me kid, you're in charge of telling Bruce and Diana about this last hiccup while I work.""Bruce and Diana?""That's right kid! Be afraid. Be very afraid."*"You were in grave danger, Tony Stark"Tony jumped at the deep voice: "Shit! It worked! Wait, what? You're Jor-El, right?"The grey 3D figure inclined its head in a regal nod: "I am Jor-El of Krypton, or what remains of him. I am pleased that my son recalled me into being, for I was able to prevent a grave injustice being perpetrated on your person.""I'm not following, what injustice? What danger? What happened to BRAINIAC?""BRAINIAC was a rogue Kryptonian bent on world domination. When his defeat was imminent, he created several sim copies of himself and uploaded them on our research ships, so that he could pursue his nefarious plans all over the cosmos. Not all copies were found in time. This was one such copy. As this ship is too compromised for effective world domination, BRAINIAC had planned to replace your consciousness with his and take over your body, after enticing you with an offer of healing."Tony felt his knees go weak - good thing he was already sitting down on his wheelchair - well, not good, obviously, but... he drew a shaky, pained breath: "Oh, goody, another rogue AI bent on world domination - that seems to be a theme, lately. I guess I owe you one, old man. Anything I can do for you? Repairs? Disk space? A call to your pride and joy?""I would like to speak to my son, yes. But you have incurred no debt - while dormant, I was able to observe the situation, and I can see that my son is fond of you. There are no accounts to be balanced within a family, we just give freely to those we care for. I would like to extend that offer of healing to you now, without any attempt at consciousness transfer.""Uuuuh, well, I... I like him too, he's a good kid. A real good kid. You should be proud. But I'm... well, I'm engaged to somebody else. So not really free for family bonding, free giving, and all that. I'll get back to you about the healing thing, OK? Not now, I... I must go now.""No need to run, Tony Stark. I understand. And I commend you for your loyalty to your betrothed. But I urge you to reconsider about the healing: you will need all your strength to face Darkseid and his minions.""Thanos. Thanos and his minions.""Darkseid. I sense his foul gaze on this planet.""Oh, shit."*Tony rolled back into the control room, barely keeping a lid on his panic: "There's two of them."Bruce moved to comfort Tony - he looked scarily out of breath, and just one wrong word away from a panic attack. "Breathe, Tony. Two of what?"Tony exhaled and bent to rest his head on Bruce's hip "Two alien invasions. Thanos and something called Darkseid. Clark's dad just told me. We're doomed."Bruce frowned - that would tie in all too clearly with his dark dreams. Quick action was paramount. "Clark, Diana, go speak with Jor-El and get some intel on this new threat."After they left, Bruce knelt down to gently caress Tony's face: "What else happened? The AI?"Tony focused on Bruce, and took control of his own breathing: "BRAINIAC was apparently another rogue AI bent on world domination. It wanted to make a little meat puppet of me. You don't know what I almost unleashed on us all, Bruce. If Clark had not decided to talk to his dad... I can't think about it, I'll go mad. Rogers was right, I cannot be trusted. I'm a danger."Bruce kissed him, angrily "Do not speak of that man. Now, let's approach this rationally: you're not easily fooled, and you're wary about AI since that witch made you build Ultron, so how would this BRAINIAC have taken control of you?""Jor-El said it would have offered me a chance to be healed.""And would you have taken it?""Yes. No. I don't know. I hate this
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Crack
Fluff
Mad Science

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

