Work Text:
guy in the chair (8:02): peter where are you?guy in the chair (8:02): dude you can’t be late again. your homeroom teacher will kill youguy in the chair (8:03): just because the principal thinks you look like a kicked puppy doesn’t mean you can keep missing classguy in the chair (8:03): peter you can’t keep ditching me, the only other person i have to hang out w is michellebuy boy (8:05): sh e prefers, mjguy in the chair (8:05): oh good you’re not deadguy in the chair (8:05): BUT WHERE ARE YOUbug boy (8:06): truckbug boy (8:06): on on wayguy in the chair (8:06): oh god do you have a head wound againbug boy (8:06): nobug boy (8:07): not a HEAD woundguy in the chair (8:07): peter what part of you is injuredbug boy (8:07): legbug boy (8:07): only a little bit dwguy in the chair (8:07): i am very much worrying holy fuck holy fuckguy in the chair (8:09): hey loser this is mjbug boy (8:09): hi mj wheres nedguy in the chair (8:09): ned looked like a stressed mom so i stole his phone and ran for itguy in the chair (8:10): you probably shouldn’t look at a bright screen if you have a head wound. should you go to a hospital or something?bug boy (8:10): thanks mj can i talk to nedguy in the chair (8:10): i should take a screenshot of this so if you die i can prove i tried to help, but you were too busy being a dumbass to listenguy in the chair (8:11): it’s ned. michelle is surprisingly fast, who knewguy in the chair (8:11): dude are you okay?guy in the chair (8:13): peter???guy in the chair (8:15): the bell went. i have to get to class.guy in the chair (8:15): how far away are you? are you coming??guy in the chair (8:31): i’m in class now, if the teacher catches me on my phone i’ll be in a lot of troubleguy in the chair (9:13): peter i’m getting really scared should i call mr. starkguy in the chair (9:34): michelle keeps staring at me, she’s getting really suspicious dudebug boy (9:41): she prefers mjguy in the chair (9:41): PETERbug boy (9:42): sorry i think i blacked out hahaguy in the chair (9:42): holy fuck dudebug boy (9:42): be there at breakbug boy (9:42): meet me behind the schoolbuy boy (9:43): bring a towelguy in the chair (9:43): a towel??   When Ned finds him, Peter is hidden amongst bushes and an overgrown tree, slumped against the chain-link fence and tugging on his sneakers over his damp feet. Ned collapses on the other side of the fence. “Oh, my god, dude. I thought you’d died.”“I’m fine, Ned.” His voice cracks. He clears his throat. “You wouldn’t happen to have any water, would you?”Ned loops his fingers through the holes in the fence. He presses his face as close as possible, trying to crane and scan Peter for injuries. “You said to bring a towel, not water.”“Do you have the towel?”Ned throws a clean gym towel over the fence. Peter catches it, and dries his wet hair and damp skin. He pulls up one pant leg to his upper thigh, revealing blood dried in rivets down his pale skin. It’s thickest on his thigh. Fresh. He shifts, and Ned sees angrily bruised skin around his knee, and the fat cut a few inches up his thigh.Peter wraps the towel over the oozing wound. “I hope you didn’t want this back.”Ned presses closer to the fence. His eyes are very wide, his mouth curled. Hidden amongst the overgrown foliage, Peter is a wreck—damp, dishevelled, and scrapping dried blood off his shin with his fingernails. The spider suit is bunched into a lump by his elbow.“Peter,” Ned says.Peter smiles. “Dude, I kicked ass today.”“Are you okay?”“My leg’s not as bad as it looks. I’ll heal. My suit, though…” Peter untangles the suit, showing off the burnt hole running up one leg. “Looks like I’m wearing my old one for a while.”Ned reaches out to feel the fabric through the fence. The blood soaked into the fabric around the blackened gash makes him wince. “Peter, this is an intense suit. It’s practically bullet-proof. For it to break, you must’ve taken a pretty serious hit…”“You worry too much. Don’t you trust me?”“Of course I trust you, but you missed class this morning, and now you’re bleeding and wet. Why are you wet?”“One of the lower beams under the bridge gave way when I was trying to fix it. I was still a little concussed. I went crashing down into the river before I could stop myself.” Peter shrugs. “I swam out, and hitchhiked here in the back of a truck.”“What is your life?” Ned asks.Peter laughs. He tears the towel into strips, and wraps them around his thigh, using webbing to glue them to his skin. A temporary bandage for a temporary wound. This is why Tony made himself a literal suit of armour; without superpowers to back him up, Peter would be dead a dozen times over.Peter pulls out the emergency backpack he’d stashed in the bushes. He’ll need to fill it back up—this time with a water bottle, a towel, and bandages—and replace it, but for now, he shoves his ruined suit into the bottom and zips it up. He throws the backup over one shoulder, and jumps the fence. He lands by Ned’s side with a small stumble. Ned
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds & Michelle
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Anxiety
Texting
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds & Michelle
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

