Work Text:
One. "Stark." Wanda pushed open the door to the gym with a flash of red, she entered without waiting for a response. "I need new clothes.""Okay." Tony scrambled off the treadmill with no trace of grace. He was still uneasy around Wanda, but Steve said she had changed her ways and deserved a second chance. Who was Tony, one of the biggest beneficiaries of second chances, to deny her? "What do you need?""Everything." Strands of crimson lightning travelled down her arms. "Because you left me with nothing when you destroyed my home."Tony flinched at the hatred in her voice but noted the edge of her sleeves looked tattered. A wave of guilt drowned out the fear. "Got it."With one last glare, Wanda left as abruptly as she came, slamming the door with another display of her power.Tony willed his body to stop trembling. *Maximoff seemed to possess an inflated sense of confidence due to her powers. Perhaps magic users were uncommon in the world outside but Wakanda was a land blessed by the Panther God. Her tricks were only that. Tricks."Hi, Mr. T'Challa."Ayo sneered at the disrespect. "You will use the proper title when addressing the King of Wakanda."Maximoff pursed her lips, tendrils of red lifted her hair and gave her the appearance of weightlessness. "King T'Challa.""What can I do for you, Ms. Maximoff?""I need some new clothes." She glanced down at her outfit, loose-fitting shirt and pants of cotton, with a frown. "These aren't really my style.""No." T'Challa stated firmly.Maximoff narrowed her eyes. "That's rude. Steve said you're making up for your mistake–"Ayo knocked the witch to the ground, ignoring the pulses of red energy trying to dislodge her hold on Maximoff's neck. The Dora Milaje were well-versed in the mystical arts, an amateur like Maximoff was no match for them."It is you who are being rude, Ms. Maximoff, intruding on my time. You are mistaken if you thought Mr. Rogers' words hold any weight here." T'Challa stepped around Wanda's struggling form. "Tread carefully, or you may find yourself without safe grounds to stand on." Two. "The Falcon Wings are acting funny." Sam dropped the jet pack on the kitchen counter, uncaring that it nearly crushed the gauntlet prototype Tony had spent all night finalizing. "Can you fix it?""Can I fix it?" Tony snorted, shoving aside his annoyance at Sam's careless inattentiveness to his work. It was his own fault for bringing the gauntlet out of the workshop, but the siren call of caffeine was too strong to resist at 2:00am. Instead, Tony concentrated instead on the amount of faith Sam had in his abilities, even though the other man worded it as doubt. It was just Tony's broken filter misinterpreting things again. "Hello, genius here."Sam rolled his eyes. "I'll believe it when I see it."The dismissal hurt, they had all see the Iron Man suits in action. What else did he need to do to prove his worth? "I'll have it ready by tonight." Tony made a note to cancel lunch, he needed all the time he could get to learn the Falcon Wings system to locate the problem then repair it."I'll believe it when I see it." Sam winked, but it didn't ease the knot of hurt in Tony's chest.  *"Your Highness."T'Challa eyed the man seated across from him. At least Wilson had the intelligence to make an appointment, unlike the witch. "Mr. Wilson.""Thank you for seeing me." Wilson cleared his throat. "I know you're a busy guy so I'll get right to the point. The Falcon Wings aren't working properly and I was hoping your tech department can do me a favor and fix them?"T'Challa rescinded his previous assessment of Wilson being less entitled than the others. "No.""Wha–""First, Mr. Wilson, you are a guest and it raises questions why you feel the need to arm yourself while enjoying my hospitality. Two, my engineers work for the advancement of Wakanda. Three, we owe you no favors.""Why did you take us in if you obviously don't want us here?" Wilson was perceptive enough to detect T'Challa dislike toward them. "Sanctuary." 
 
Three. "Tony." Natasha slapped a folder into his hands."What's this?""A small miscalculation." She sounded impatient. "I need you to call a press conference and sell it as a win."Tony flipped through the pages, reading several lines in one glance. "You brought down a factory thinking it was a HYDRA base." He blinked at her. "The only win here is that no one was inside.""Sounds like you got this." Natasha smirked and patted his head. "Don't let me down."Tony chose to interpret the pat as a display of affection and not one of condescension, he was being overly sensitive, as usual. Natasha came to him for help and Tony would deliver even if it meant shouldering the blame and compensation costs. The Avengers' image needed to remain pristine. *T'Challa was waiting for the Accords council to reconvene after a well-needed break, the morning's session had been particularly productive, when an unfamiliar face with a familiar gait glided toward him. He knew instantly who it was. "Ms.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Broken Team Dynamics
Consequences
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
5+1

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

