Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
“I was promised a real family Christmas in LA this year. Complete with a goose. I had no idea if I’d like it, but you promised dad.” Darcy told him even as she unpacked her bags.
“I know, and I’m sorry, but…” Tony started, his face projected on the tablet in front of her. He looked exhausted and anxious. She wanted to see him, to make sure he knew that it was ok. He may be her father but she’d perfected taking care of Tony Stark at a very young age. She hoped he couldn't see how terrified she was.
“The Mandarin. Ten Rings. I know. I get it. How’s Happy doing?”
“He’s in critical condition but he’s stable. I’m going to head to the hospital now.”
“Ok. Tell him I demand that he get better. It always worked when I was little. And be safe, ok?”
“Will do kid. Stay with your grandpa –“
“I will. I promise.”
“You’ll break the news and apologize for me?”
“I always do. I love you dad.”
“I love you too Darcy.” She hung up her phone, turning to find her grandfather standing in the doorway to her room. He was remarkably spry and light on his feet for a 90 year old. Not to mention he really didn't look 90, it was kind of impressive really. 
“We’re…that explosion in LA, Happy was there. He’s critical, but stable. Dad’s going there now. But if they’re in LA, he doesn’t want me near the danger so how does Christmas here sound?”
“It sounds lovely, you know that I’m happy to spend the holidays with my favorite grandchild wherever.”
“As far as we know, I’m your only grandchild.”
“God willing.” She smiled, touching the picture of the three of them she kept by her bed here in the mansion. “Would you mind then, if I were to call an old friend?”
“Not at all. Call Captain Rogers. I think it’ll make dad feel better, and I’m sure he’s doing nothing since you make me hack his Shield files for you on a weekly basis.  Which is sort of creepy and stalker like grandpa. But I’ll get the guest room ready.”
“I question how you’re related to myself and your father sometimes.”
“It’s Pepper’s influence.” She walked over to her grandpa, looping her arm through his. “I’m going to go down to the kitchen, see what we need, make a list and send out for it. Is there anything that I would normally make that will offend depression era sensibilities?”
“Everything, but I think he’s been in the modern long enough that he can handle it.”
“Good. I’ll get you a scotch, you can call Captain Rogers, and I’ll look forward to hear his embarrassing war stories about you.”
“He won’t tell you any.”
“Want to bet?”
  
 
Steve was surprised to get Howard’s demand that he come to the Mansion for the Christmas Holiday, mainly because he had assumed he’d already be in Los Angeles with Tony. He was not surprised to be escorted into the large family room by a security guard, nor was he very surprised to find a beautiful young woman sitting on the couch across from Howard. She was typing away on her phone, not paying attention to anything around her.  He assumed she was a nurse or assistant. The news was playing in the background.
“I think we’ll all be staying in for the night Tom, you are free to go.” Howard said in way of greeting. That also didn’t surprise him, at all.
“Mr. Stark, Mr. Stark would not…”
“I will call my aunt, she’ll tell you to leave Tom. You know she runs the show." The young woman told Tom. "It’s Christmas, you probably have a bit more shopping to do. I’ve met your daughters and am sure they are adding to the list daily, if not hourly.” She looked up from her phone, smiling widely at the security guard and himself. She had a nice smile. Tom looked sheepish, nodding in reply. “The Toys-R-Us in midtown has the Princess Sophia Vanity and the My Little Pony they asked for. They’re on hold for you.” She put down her phone, leaving it on the side table next to her. It was the first time he’d seen anyone of her generation put down their phone.
“Miss Lewis.”
“We were supposed to be heading off to LA, you were supposed to start vacation. Go, now. Don’t make an old man order you, it just sounds funny now.” Howard added.
“Alright, Merry Christmas Miss Lewis, Mr. Stark.”
“Merry Christmas Tom. We’ll see you after New Years.” Howard said as the guard turned and headed out for the night. “Sit down Rogers, you look stupid standing there in the door.”
“Ignore him, he’s old and cranky. And also mean and difficult.” Miss Lewis said. “Tom gone?”
“Yes.” Howard said. “Rogers, meet my granddaughter, Darcy Lewis-Stark. Darcy, Captain Steve Rogers.”
“It’s nice to meet you.” Darcy said. “I promise I am less annoying than my father.”
“Tony is your father.”
“Yes.”
“Tony Stark? Has a kid?”
“We’re actually surprised there aren’t more of them.” Darcy commented. “But yes, he does. Me. As far as we know it's just me too.”
“I’m sorry, I can’t…How does no one know? How does Shield not know?”
“People think she’s Pepper’s niece. Who Pepper adopted. Which she did, to make life easier for Darcy when she went to CalTech.” Howard told him as Steve finally sat down in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
AU
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Howard Stark is alive
Starts during Iron Man 3
family is stressful sometimes
especially when your father is Tony Stark
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Pining
Howard and Tony ship Steve/Darcy
Captain America: The Winter Solider Spoilers
Thor: The Dark World Spoilers
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Spoilers

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

