Work Text:
“Tony!” Steve called moving to block the door before other man could leave the briefing.  It was rare, since the threat of Thanos had been defeated, for something to come up that required both the East Coast and West Coast Avengers to respond, Steve didn’t want to lose the chance to try, once again, to clear the air between himself and his old teammate.  “Excuse me,” Steve murmured as he tried to push past Vision.  For several precious seconds they engaged in a ridiculous, awkward dance before Steve was able to dodge around the synthoid.  The moment he was past Vision Wasp latched onto his elbow. “Captain Rogers, could I talk to you about the possibly placing Karolina Dean with your team?” Hope asked.  “She was recently accepted into college at Juilliard and while she’ll be on reserve status I still want her practicing with her powers regularly.” Scott was also standing between Steve and Tony and from the apologetic expression on his face Steve gathered that it wasn’t coincidental that Tony was out of the room before he managed to extract himself from the conversation with Hope.  After the West Coast Avengers had gone home Steve found himself discontentedly wandering the Compound.  It was busier than it had been in the days before the Avengers’ Civil War.  There were UN personnel, Steve had been given to know that they filled the same role that S.H.I.E.L.D. and then Maria Hill’s former S.H.I.E.L.D. agents had held before but they lived on the premises like the Avengers.  Colonel Rhodes had spent what Steve considered an inordinate amount of time explaining what their responsibilities entailed.  He’d also provided a checklist, written in terms Steve felt more appropriate for addressing a fourth grader, detailing what information Steve was obligated to exchange with them before and after every mission.  “Beating Thanos got the public’s good will back and I’ll be damned if I let you squander it.  The Accords are still a work in progress and we’ll need that good will if we’re going to get some of the harder to sell amendments made,” Rhodes had told Steve harshly.  “So if you expect to remain leader of this unit you will be doing the whole job, not just the parts you like.  That means you WILL adhere to this checklist, you will fulfill ALL the duties listed.  If you have objections or want to change something you WILL bring it to me.  For once in your life you will respect the chain of command.”
“Shouldn’t I be talking to Tony?” Steve asked.  “He is the Avengers’ representative to the UN.”
Rhodes gave Steve a dark look, “Tony’s been trying to get me to take the job since the very beginning.  Now that you’re back he’s finally got reasons I can’t argue with for stepping down.  Against Thanos you and Tony proved that you could still work together, at least when the fate of the world was on the line.  That doesn’t mean there’s reason to make a regular habit of throwing the two of you together and hoping for the best.  If Tony hadn’t stepped down, his responsibilities would have included serving as conduit between the Avengers and the UN, the last time we tried that the media called it a civil war.  Second, even if, by some miracle you could curb your tendency to undermine Tony at every turn and let him do his job, I would still be a miserable excuse for a friend if I left him stuck dealing with you after Siberia and that bullshit apology you sent.  So here I am, ready and willing to listen to a bunch of politicians try to argue each other to death as long as it means Tony doesn’t have to deal with you on a regular basis.” 
Steve sighed at the directions his thoughts had taken.  He’d wanted to reminisce about better days but the bustling, brightly lit compound didn’t fit his mood and, even though the Compound had been built for the Avengers by Tony, he’d never lived there with them.  The physical reminders Steve was looking for just weren’t there. ‘We were great once.  Why won’t Tony let the wounds from Siberia heal?’ Eventually Steve found himself in one of the smaller gyms pouring out his troubles to a sympathetic Sam Wilson.  “You’ve done everything you can,” Sam said patting Steve on the shoulder.  “It’s not your fault that Tony clings to his grudges like they’re a security blanket.”A snort drew both their attention to the doorway.  “You’re half right Wilson,” Luke Cage said, “but you don’t know when to shut up.  Just to satisfy my curiosity, your counseling credentials come from doing a couple hours in a training seminar or did you actually go through a master’s program?”“Week long training seminar,” Sam replied.“Ask for your money back.”Steve gave Luke a disappointed expression.  “Sam’s a great listener,” he said.“And very good at telling you just what you want to hear,” Luke said.  “You’ve done everything could, not to mention a shit load of things you shouldn’t have, to get right with Stark but if he doesn’t want to be friends that’s his choice.  Maybe surrendering a fight goes against the grain for
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Infinity War
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It

fandom: 
None
