Chapter 1: School Daze
    




Chapter Text
    Chapter 1 - School Daze    “Let’s go over the plan again.”Aunt May pats Barnes’ arm and smiles gently up at him. “The plan is simple, Bucky,” she says. “I meet with Tommy’s teachers, you meet with Peter’s and then we discuss everything over coffee before we go home so that we’re in agreement on any changes.”“Let’s at least synchronize —““Our phones are synchronized to the nuclear clock, according to Peter.”“Atomic clock,” Barnes corrects her but considering what they may learn during this particular parent-teacher conference night, they may indeed be synchronized to the nuclear doomsday clock. “And I was about to suggest synchronizing alarms so we can meet up —““No. These meetings are important,” Aunt May says firmly. “They should take however long they need to take for you to get information from Peter’s teachers. The point is to know if he’s devoting enough time to school work instead of… you know.”“But what if one of us is waiting —?”“Then we wait and if it’s taking too long, send a text. Honestly, Bucky, it’s just a few meetings, not a military campaign.” She smiles at him again. “You’ll be fine. Stop worrying.”Barnes supposes he should stop worrying but Aunt May is putting so much faith in him that it’s making him a little nervous. Training Petey, making sure the kid eats properly and does his homework is one thing, this is a whole other level. This is parent level shit, meeting with his teachers and talking to them…with most of them knowing that Petey is Spider-Man and that Barnes is…. Oy. Forget it. He’ll stop being nervous when parent-teacher conference night is over and done with.“All right, soldier,” Aunt May says teasingly. “March on in there and go conference.”With a sigh, Barnes leads the way into Midtown High and follows Aunt May to the desk where a woman that Barnes clocks as a low-level threat only because she has a stapler is handing out pages that list each teacher and the room where they’re meeting with parents. Barnes scans the list, memorizes the places he’ll need to be and stuffs it into his pocket.“You can do this,” Aunt May tells him.“I can do this,” Barnes repeats dutifully. His confidence lasts a full half second before Dean Reynolds finishes his conversation with another mother and comes striding over. Barnes braces himself.“Mrs. Parker,” Dean Reynolds says, shaking her hand. “How nice to see you again. Would you mind if I steal Sergeant Reilly for a moment?”“Of course not.” May pats Barnes’ arm again. “I’ll catch up with you later, sweetheart.”“But the schedule —,” Barnes attempts, pointing at his watch but she’s already making her escape, leaving Barnes to deal with whatever mess the kids made this time that he doesn’t know about.“Come into my office.” Reynolds beckons him and Barnes has no choice but to follow. The office has been tidied up for parent-teacher night and the desk in Reynolds’ office is missing its usual stack of files. Reynolds sits and gestures for Barnes to do the same.Barnes considers the tactical disadvantages, decides he can handle them and sits.Reynolds leans forward and when he speaks, it’s in a hushed tone. “What I’m about to tell you is highly confidential.”Barnes waits but it’s obvious Reynolds is dragging out the drama of his big reveal. He resists the urge to roll his eyes and leans forward too.“Based on outstanding academic performance and our eighty-seven point eight percent rate of graduation, the Department of Education is considering making us a magnet school,” Reynolds says, beaming. He looks expectantly at Barnes.Barnes stares blankly at him. He has no idea what a magnet school is and he hopes like hell it has nothing to do with Magneto.Reynolds’ smile falters. “Magnet schools are for high achieving students like Peter and they focus on STEM subjects —““Science, technology, engineering and math,” Barnes says. He’s read about those kinds of schools and wondered how to get Petey into one.“That’s right,” Reynolds says, his smile returning. “The proposed curriculum for Midtown would include those, international baccalaureate programs and more that are designed to get our students into the best colleges.”There’s a catch coming. He hopes Reynolds isn’t going to ask him to intimidate or kill anybody.“We’re under a lot of scrutiny, Sergeant Ba —““Reilly,” Barnes corrects him. “And I have no control over Petey’s…grandfather.”“Understood,” Reynolds says, waving him off. “What I’m asking is something completely different. You see, most of the parents work full time and as much as they’d like to be involved with the school, they just aren’t able. You, on the other hand, are very involved. I’d like to you to join the parent-teachers association.”Barnes’ mouth drops open. “What?”“In fact, I’d like you to lead it.”“But —““The president resigned last month and nobody’s volunteered to take her place so I’m volunteering you, Sergeant Barnes.” Reynolds reaches into his desk, pulls out a file folder and hands it to B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jessica Jones

freeform: 
The Ol' Parker Luck
Mathletes

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Mary Jane Watson
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan
James "Bucky" Barnes & Jessica Jones

