Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The punishment playpen is cold and sterile. There are no toys, no soft blankets, nothing to take Tony's mind off the coming punishment. All he can do is curl up in a corner of the pen and bury his face in his bare knees, wondering why he decided to throw his bottle at Daddy. Wondering why, just as Daddy decided that Tony could go for a little while without mitts covering his hands, he would ruin the progress that they've made. The mitts on his hands right now - plain grey, not the cute mitts that Daddy and the Soldier usually put on - feel unusually heavy as a result.This is all Tony's fault. He wishes so much that he could go back in time and just drink the bottle. But he doesn't like the chalky formula Daddy's started giving him, and it just seemed like such a good idea at the time to throw the bottle away! He didn't mean to throw it at Daddy! His stomach sank straight through the floor when the nipple came off and the formula splattered all over Daddy's uniform and face. Daddy looked so mad that Tony immediately started to cry, but his tears don't hold much sway over Daddy, and that's why he's here in the punishment playpen, waiting for Daddy to come back.If Daddy comes back. Last time Tony was here for a full twenty-four hours because he wouldn't let the Soldier change his diaper. When Daddy came to get him, he spanked Tony until Tony was bawling and then made him go without a diaper for another two days. Because Tony's a baby, that meant he peed and messed himself a lot. Tony's face burns as he remembers some of the Hydra agents that had pointed at him and laughed - he's not sure whether their amusement was because of his red bottom or his hairless winky, but the mocking had struck deep."Daddy, I'm sorry," he whispers out loud, but he knows that apologies don't matter. Not right now. Later, after Tony's been suitably punished, he'll get the chance to apologize and Daddy will give him all the cuddles in the world and tell Tony that he's not angry anymore. It's what Tony has to go through first that makes his tummy hurt with fear.He flinches as the door to the playpen opens and Daddy steps inside. He's changed out of his soiled uniform and cleaned himself up. His face is set into a cold, blank expression, not the usual smile that he wears just for Tony, and he crosses his arms. "You've been a bad baby, Tony. Daddy is very unhappy with you. You know better than to throw things. I'm starting to wonder if we need to put your arms back into your restraints for a while.""No, Daddy, please!" Tony whines, unable to bear the thought of wearing the restrictive jacket again. It folded his arms across his tummy and meant that he was completely helpless. He wore it a lot when he first came to Daddy; Daddy used to say that it made him as helpless as a newborn baby. Tony can remember very well how humiliating that jacket used to be. At least with the mitts, he can still crawl and grab things, albeit clumsily. He has a little control. He doesn't want to go back to being a newborn.Daddy's expression darkens. "Did you just say no to me, young man?"Oh god. Tony's messing up left, right and center today. How could he have forgotten Daddy's number one rule? Tony is never allowed to say no. He bites his lip, uncertain how to answer. "I... Daddy, I'm sorry," he finally sobs. "I don't believe you, Tony. I think you're only sorry because you know Daddy's upset with you and you don't want to be punished. Well, let me tell you that before the day is out you really are going to be a sorry baby. I think you've been getting a little too much freedom. You're getting the jacket back, and I'm going to ask the Soldier to wear the harness."Tony cringes. The only thing worse than the jacket is that stupid harness. It was designed to hook into the back or front of the jacket so that Tony can be carried against Daddy's or the Soldier's chest or back. It's even more humiliating to be carried against their chests with his face exposed to the world because it means he has to see how everyone looks at him. The mocking smiles. The pity. He shakes his head, his lower lip trembling, but doesn't dare say no again. There are lots of other things that Daddy could do, like the pacifier gag or going back to changing Tony's diaper in front of everyone. He doesn't want to push his luck."But that's after a spanking," Daddy goes on. "You told me no twice today, and you threw your bottle at me.""Please..." Tony whispers, but there's nothing really left for him to say and he can tell the plea has fallen on deaf ears. He doesn't fight as Daddy walks over to him and picks him up, hanging limply in Daddy's arms. They walk out of the room and down the hall. The air cools as they walk and Tony shivers again, wishing he could cuddle into Daddy's chest the way he usually does when he's cold.They walk into a small room off of Daddy's office. Tony is immeasurably grateful that he's not being spanked in the cafeteria or out in the training y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism
Age Play
Infantilism
non-consesual age play
non consesual infantilism
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
forced baby tony
Stockholm Syndrome
the stockholm syndrome is strong in this one
tony stark just wanted to be loved
forced age play
tony stark does not want to be hurt anymore
protect tony stark
except steve's idea of protection is insanely sketchy
Punishment
mentions of spanking
Embarrassment
Mind Manipulation
sketchy like nobody's business
seriously steve WTF
Rescue Missions
rescued twice over
is it a rescue if tony doesn't know if he wants to be rescued?
Self-Esteem Issues
tony stark feels like a failure
Pacifiers
bottles
Diapers
Cuddling
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Carrying
Platonic Cuddling
Broken Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Possessive Steve Rogers
Cribs
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Hydra Cap
Hydra Steve Rogers
Evil Steve Rogers
steve rogers takes over the world
starting with tony stark
warning dark and twisted story ahead
steve rogers does not like it when people take what belongs to him
tony stark is tired
he just wants to rest and be loved

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

