Work Text:
The Avengers, buoyed by Steve's never-ending confidence, followed their leader towards the transport area.Scott however looked slightly dubious: "Guys? Is it really safe to hijack a cargo plane? Isn't this a military base? Won't they shoot us down in two seconds flat if we steal one of their planes?""They'd never shoot down Captain America, come on!""Well, if you're sure, I guess...""No need to steal anything, gentlemen." a new voice rang out.Scott and Sam turned with curiosity towards the man in a suit, while the others positively froze: "Coulson!" * "I don't know what to do, Alfred. He's healed and safe as he can be, and I still think it's not enough. There needs to be a reckoning - or it'll all go back as before, with the Avengers and their shady backers and their leverage and their guilt-tripping.""I completely agree, Master Bruce.""But how? They're not going to be scared by a guy in bat wings, much as it pains me to admit it.""Are they not, now?""You've been plotting something, Alfred?""I might have reflected on the nature of fear and remembered some chemical compounds we are somewhat familiar with.""Nothing gets past you, Alfred! Thank you!""I'll admit that this time I did not think of you, Master Wayne. I have always been fond of young Master Stark." "So what's the plan, Alfred? Do I need the suit?"Alfred smiled: "Vexilla regis prodeunt inferni."Bruce froze in understanding. It was perfect. Hell, it was divine. "You're a cruel man, Alfred. I assume everything is in place?""Indeed, sir. I took the liberty of making a few calls." * "So we're not going to put the Avengers back together?""I would advise against it, Captain, at least at this particular juncture. But do tell, what were you planning to do?""Well, first I wanted go get Wanda back from that mutant school. She doesn't know anyone there, she must be unhappy. She needs to be with her team: we know what she went through.""I see. Xavier might be persuaded to let her go, after all he's an intelligent man. After that?""Well, Bucky still at Pym's right? So he's safe there, Stark cannot get to him, Pym will see to that. No need to compromise Pym or reveal Bucky's location.""I do agree with you there, Captain. Excellent thinking.""Thank you, Coulson! It's good to have you back, you know? If you have more cards I'll be happy to sign them, of course. Don't be embarrassed, ask anytime""I'm afraid I will always carry a measure of shame for how I acted back then, Captain. Please, let's hear the rest of your plan.""Well, the last step is really the most important: we need the BARF technology for Bucky! So with Wanda's help we'll make sure Tony gives it to us - and we'll also get him away from that silly Justice League, he's an Avenger first and foremost, even if he was wrong about the Accords. I would not leave a teammate behind, you know? He needs to be back with us... and he also needs to break up with that Gotham fiancé, an Avenger clearly must put the team first, right?" * "Dad, are you sure about this?""I'm sure, Hope. Howard Stark has been my archenemy for a lifetime. This hatred has given me purpose, pushed me to new heights. I can't just let it go." * Tony was standing upright, and breathing freely, and in Bruce's bedroom. Enough to give a man thoughts, really."Tony, what do you think of a City Hall wedding?""Are we still on? I thought, what with the victory and everything...""Of course we're still on. I mean... if you'd have me. Still. What with the victory and everything...""Brucie, Brucie, light of my life, of course I'd have you! I love you!""I love you too""Fuck me, you did say it. You did. No take backs.""No take backs, Tony, I promise. Not ever.""So yes, City Hall wedding, ASAP. When?""Well, I'd hate to leave for patrol right before the honeymoon, so what do you think of tomorrow at dawn?""Is City Hall open at dawn? Is it a Gotham thing?""I'll call in a favour... and that still counts as a Gotham thing, I guess." * "About that last part, Captain... I'm not sure that's exactly feasible.""What do you mean, Coulson? It's a simple in and out.""Well, you see, the intelligence community has a saying. It's so important it's known as Rule One.""And what's this Rule One, then?""Romanov, if you would?""Rule One: stay out of Gotham." * "Professor, are you sure this is the right thing to do?""I did not do it lightly, Jean, but the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few." * "Now, let's put this problem aside, Captain, and try to address the issues of your current team. I guess some of you might have a few questions. Mr Barton?""Sir, do you know what happened to my family?""Laura initiated protocol Full Laundry. There is a place for you, but this time you really cannot come back. It'll be an instant bullet to the head if you even think about coming back into the field." "I understand, Sir. I'll take it. - Cap, I'm sorry, but I need to get back to my family.""I'm disappointed, Clint. But of course you need to do what you think is right, I'
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Revenge
Weddings

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

