Work Text:
 Thor counted down the days to those weeks in the middle of the summer when Loki would be fertile and insatiable with great delight. Loki would often wake up in the morning to find Thor staring gleefully at the calendar as he tapped the days before the first red circle and counted aloud to himself; sometimes he would shout out a random number and watch in amusement as Thor would shoot a frown back at him over his shoulder and have to start over from the beginning. And before Thor came to bed at night, he would go over to the numerous calendars on the wall and cross out another day with a huge smile on his face. It was absolutely infuriating to Loki. Thor simply could not be distracted to forget to cross off a date, no matter how much Loki whined and spread his legs and rustled the bedsheets. Loki's hopes of getting Thor to lose track of the date were dashed again, and again, and again, and no amount of pouting could get Thor to toss the calendars. Loki had even gone so far as to try to torch them, but Thor had run in the instant he'd set the page afire, and had doused the flames with his cape. He'd given Loki a disapproving glare, which he'd learned from Odin, probably, and ever since then Thor had taken to carrying a pocket calendar the Man of Iron had given him. It came complete with an electronic database and an alarm system that would make the most hideous beeping if anyone but Thor tried to activate it, and Loki supposed he'd spent far too much time making mischief on Midgard, because the Man of Iron had somehow managed to put safeguards on the device that sent his own magic flying back at him whenever he tried to toy with it. He took a brief moment to curse Anthony Stark and his future progeny before setting the calendar firmly down on Thor's nightstand and glaring at it as Thor came out of the bath, a towel slung around his hips. Thor smiled in amusement, dripping water all over the stone floor. "The Man of Iron truly is brilliant, is he not, brother?" he inquired as he pinned Loki to the bed, dripping all over him. Loki just harrumphed and allowed Thor to press kisses to his jaw. "Thor tells me that you plan to have another baby," Frigga said to Loki one day in the nursery, where he was comforting a crying, teething Jörmungandr. The baby serpent had already managed to chew through his crib, the royal nursery's curtains, and about half of the thick mattress Sleipnir liked to sleep on. His fangs were coming in quickly, Loki observed; Laufey had been to visit his grandchildren the other week and had proudly told Loki that Jörmungandr, when he grew up, would be the perfect leader for a rebellion staged in South America. "And he'd have friends!" Laufey said, looking terribly excited. "I have heard reports of terrifyingly great serpents called Anna Condas. Of course, I do not approve of their names, but little Jory here could mate copiously with them and could take control over Midgard with his spawn!" Loki had had to politely decline the offer. "Little Jory" glared at Laufey with his beady eyes, and promptly bit his hand when he reached out to pat his head. Laufey only smiled indulgently. "Thor is very eager to have a child, yes," Loki agreed as he patted Jörmungandr's head. The little snake had fallen quickly asleep after gnawing his way through a cubic foot of ice Odin had brought back from Jotunheimr. "However, I am rather doubtful of his potential conduct as a father." Loki had the worst fears about Thor holding their future child upside down, not supporting its neck, tossing it about like a rag doll, and the like. Frigga only smiled, and gently patted Loki's arm as he laid Jörmungandr back in his crib. "I am sure for the child he can learn to be more careful," she said. However, right at that moment, they felt a great bang underneath them, accompanied by Thor's roar of delight and the distant crack of thunder. Frigga only smiled and rolled her eyes. "Perhaps you will have to teach him," she amended as the tapestries on the walls shook a little bit. "He is...rather rough around the edges." Loki scoffed. That was quite possibly the understatement of his lifetime. Frigga looked at him with delight in her eyes, and Loki sighed. It was evident Frigga was eager for tiny grandchildren - preferably human-looking, and not snakes or horses or dragons. Loki could understand that.There was another boom of thunder, and Jörmungandr woke up, writhed around, and when he saw Loki, unhinged his jaw and started wailing, much louder than a baby snake had any right to. Loki huffed in annoyance and picked him up again. The weeks leading up to his cycle were unseasonably hot, and Loki took to walking around the cool stone halls of the castle in only a linen shift with a paper fan and jugs of water close at hand. Thor followed him like a dog, and Loki would smack him over the head with the fan occasionally, but that didn't deter him one bit. The days right before Loki's heat were rather irritable ones, and Loki t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Impregnation
Pregnancy
Vibrators
Sex Toys
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Intersex Loki
Multiple Orgasms
Children
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

