Chapter 1: No Risk, No Reward
    




Chapter Text
Background Information
	Humans can have three possible traits that are determined by two genes, called the X-gene and the M-gene.  The X-gene is responsible for the recessive-linked trait of mutation, which results in mutants.  Those that have both recessive alleles are mutants, those that have heterozygous alleles have a slight ability, while those that have both dominant alleles do not have any mutant ability.
EX:	   XX				       Xx			    xx			        genotype        normal		       slight ability		 mutant			phenotype
The M-gene is responsible for the recessive-linked trait of magic, which results in witches and wizards.  Those that have one recessive M allele and one dominant allele (heterozygous) may have a single magical ability, such as natural mind shields or being a seer.
EX:	  MM				      Mm			  mm			        genotype	normal		       single ability		 magic			phenotype
However, for unknown reasons the two genes cannot both be active (have the recessive genotype) in a single individual.  Studies show that in 95% of cases fetuses that have both the active X-gene and the active M-gene spontaneously abort within the first trimester or miscarry before viability.  The five percent of fetuses that did not abort/miscarry were severely deformed upon birth and died within 24 hours.  Another study showed those fetuses that had one active gene and the other heterozygous showed delayed growth.  Upon birth, these children caught illnesses more easily and showed delayed development.  As the study continued, some of the children died due to a compromised immune system (active X-gene) or an autoimmune disorder (active M-gene); to combat this problem some children underwent gene therapy to “turn off” the active gene.  Unfortunately, all attempts in those children with active M-gene to “turn off” the gene resulted in death as their magic viciously resisted the gene therapy; whereas, those children with an active X-gene could successfully undergo therapy, but their immune system was so compromised that many contracted illnesses and died.  Considering the disastrous results of the gene therapy for the previously discussed study, no other attempts at gene therapy have been made.
Chapter One: No Risk, No Reward
	Six-year old Harry Potter stared at the fluffy clouds outside the small rectangular window in amazement, never before had he seen something so soft.  The nice woman that walked along the aisle telling him to buckle up before giving him a cookie diverted Harry’s attention.  Later, when Harry met back up with the Dursleys upon exiting the sky bridge, he made sure to hide the cookie deep within his pocket.  A curt word was issued before Harry was following along his family towards the large belt that carried the bags around for passengers to collect.  Soon Harry was dragging along his ratty backpack and Dudley’s newer backpack as he followed the Dursleys out to the parking garage floor that contained the rental cars.  After minimal paperwork, the reluctant family of four was in a car driving to the hotel.  The hotel was close to a nice shopping district and not far from the company, that Vernon was doing business with as a representative of Grunnings.  
	The hotel was nice and the suite that Grunnings was paying for was spacious, containing a living area/kitchenette, two bathrooms, bedroom with a king-size bed, and a bedroom with two single beds.  Of course, Harry was not allowed to sleep in one of the single beds as the family did not want to take the chance that he would contaminate their Dudley.  Instead, he was told to sleep in the corner of the living area where there was a small pocket of space between one of the sofas and the armchair.  Although on holiday for Vernon’s work, Harry still had chores to do.  These included cooking the meals, picking up so the normal people did not get more work than needed, and carrying the bags when Petunia took Dudley out shopping.  Three days passed in this way, before things took a horrific turn.
	A slurred curse and a loud thump woke Harry from his sleep.  Peeking out from the space between the sofa and armchair, Harry saw a large dark shape next to a lower dark shape.  The identity of the large dark shape became clear as a loud “Boy!” came from that direction.  Harry quickly scrambled out of his corner and over to the wall to turn on the lights before approaching his still cursing uncle.  There was no warning before little Harry was sprawled across the floor from a hard hit to the side of the head.  Through his shock and the ringing in his ears, Harry vaguely heard his uncle mention losing a deal.  Vernon wasted no time in starting to rain down punches onto his fallen nephew, muttering of Harry’s wrongdoings as he went, until a loud gasp issued from behind him.  Looking behind him, Vernon saw Petunia with wide fear-filled eyes and a small, bony hand covering her mouth.
	“Vernon, how will we explain this to the management?!  Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Richard B. Riddick
Logan (X-Men) & Harry Potter
Logan (X-Men)/Original Male Character(s)
minor Harry Potter/Blaise Zabini - Relationship

freeform: 
Male Slash
Genderfluid Character
Pregnancy
Violence
Minor Character Death
Original Character Death(s)
Murder
Child Murder
Past Child Abuse
Attempted Murder
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Harry Potter was Raised by Other(s)

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Richard B. Riddick
Logan (X-Men) & Harry Potter
Logan (X-Men)/Original Male Character(s)
minor Harry Potter/Blaise Zabini - Relationship

