Chapter 1: Tony - Meet the Family
    


Notes:
Hi guys! I'm so excited/nervous about this one...I've been writing it since January, and the first draft's all done (in a notebook). I'm in the process of transcribing it and editing it now, and it's a lot less action based than the last one, but I'm hoping to focus on the relationships and (eventually) the terrible way Thor had to prove his worth to get Mjolnir back (seriously, the guy gets banished for throwing himself into fights, and you want him to prove he's worthy by...throwing himself into more fights?) I also wanted to bring Loki's first mythology family into things - Glut, Eisa and Einmyria don't get enough attention.  EDIT 16/7: Yeah, that's probably because they might not even be his kids. There's confusion over Loki and Logi, and Glut, Eisa and Einmyria are probably Logi's family instead. Love how I do loads of research at the start of a fic, write a whole first draft, and then realise I researched something wrong ;) I don't care. This lot are staying. Logi doesn't exist in this universe lalalalala! The timelines are a bit weird, I decided that Aesir/Jotnar don't age in a linear way compared to humans, it's more like an inverse exponential (I have made a graph and a timeline if you want it...such a geek!) That's why Loki looks relatively young but has already had time to have 8 children. That and the multiple births...

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Tony Stark leaned on the railing overlooking the San Diego freeway, flicking pieces of Randy’s doughnuts into his mouth, and trying to swallow the palladium nausea. 
This was it. He’d officially tried every permutation of every element on the periodic table. The rubidium isotope had been a joke, but he’d still felt his heart sink when it failed. The strangely angular marks were creeping up his collarbones, and he’d officially tried everything. 
He started planning. Pepper would get the company, of course - she was a better CEO than he would ever be. And as much as it hurt, he was glad they'd already broken up.
Rhodey could have the suit. Well, not the suit. He was going to wear that one to fly high speed into a cliff when he absolutely felt his life draining away. He was Tony fucking Stark and he would choose the manner of his demise.
A sudden burst of giggles caught his attention and his lip twitched in amusement as he watched the family walking in his direction. Three little kids, must’ve been about ten or so, two boys and a girl, ran the tips of their fingers along the railings to make a clatter, giggling and teasing each other. The little girl, black hair flying in the hot wind, shoved both of her brothers at the same time. No way could they be anything but. The tall one had the exact same black hair as her, and the other, though he was brown haired and slightly stockier, still had the same fine features and piercing eyes. 
“Helen, George, Finn, not so far ahead,” a voice called, and two more kids came round a bend in the road. The one who’d spoken was possibly in his teens, long white hair pulled into a ponytail, his eyes huge and dark in his serious face. He was clutching a couple of plastic grocery bags like he was expecting them to be snatched from him, and his other hand was just as tight on the little boy beside him.
Kid number five must’ve been about four years old, his thumb firmly in his mouth, shaggy brown hair almost obscuring his eyes.
The original three turned, only a few metres from Tony, and stuck their tongues out. “Catch us if you can, Stephen,” yelled the dark-haired boy.
“You know I could catch you easily if my hands weren’t full.” The teenager, Stephen, had a slight speech impediment, like every word had to be carefully formed. “You should help Father, he’s carrying too much.”
The trio grumbled but the black haired pair slouched off to a man a few paces back. He really was loaded down with stuff, and trying to talk on a mobile tucked in the crook of his shoulder. But even frazzled as he was, his dark hair falling into his face, Tony could see he was breathtakingly beautiful. Tall and slim, with sleeves rolled up to expose muscular forearms. And the greenest eyes he’d ever seen. It was like they’d been photoshopped. He was frowning as he argued with someone on the other end of the line, but when the kids ran up and started taking bags from him, his face lit up in a smile so sweet and happy Tony thought he might cry. 
“Thank you, but you don’t have to worry about that,” he said, and Tony wanted to hear more of the soft, deep voice.
“We want to help,” said the little girl, and the man laughed and gave them one bag each. The brown haired triplet (they had to be triplets, surely?) was taking one of his brother’s bags, and Stephen gave a very similar grateful look to the boy. “Thanks, Finn.”
The little boy shrugged and blushed, then glanced at the youngest brother a moment before trotting back to Helen and George.
The oldest and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Glöd | Glut/Loki (Norse Religion & Lore)
(past)
Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 2
Palladium Poisoning
Loki's Kids
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Secret Identity
Alternate Universe - Norse Religion & Lore
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
The Hollow Crown: Henry V
Dysfunctional Family
Family Feels
Protective Loki
Protective Tony Stark
Odin's not completely crap parenting
He made mistakes
but he means well
Redemption
Past Rape/Non-con
not explicit
Off screen
Past Relationship(s)
Past Child Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
POV Tony Stark
POV Loki (Marvel)
Vanko is boring and I'm ignoring him
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Loki Gets a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Tony-centric
Loki-centric
BAMF Loki
Poor Loki
Abuse of Norse Myths for my own ends
Logi? Logi who?

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Glöd | Glut/Loki (Norse Religion & Lore)
(past)
Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)
Jane Foster/Thor

