Work Text:
     The satisfaction Steve got from bloodplay always rang oddly in him, so close to being wrong—to smell slick dark red, to willingly cut someone who could feel everything he did and just sat still under his blade. He was sort of glad he only saw Melinda May every other every few months; she was his only bloodplay client, and he needed time to process a rush so intense.As a matter of fact, it had been a while—the last time she’d come to him was when Bucky had stumbled onto the aftermath—so it was nice to see her again. Besides, despite his tenseness, Steve liked playing with Melinda; her serenity helped smooth things over, as well as the formality she liked to maintain during scenes. They were good friends and always chatted happily while drinking tea in the kitchen. But as soon as the scene started, he called her by her last name. She wanted it to be clinical, impersonal, and she liked that Steve wore nitrile gloves, liked his ability to sound detached and almost a bit bored while she bit her lip and heaved deep breaths in the tub. As for him, he was focused on his task, fascinated by her reactions, and he took pride in doing it well, making sure she was perfectly safe, never in any danger of actual injury.Now she was all patched up and carefully getting out of the bathtub, with slow movements like a deep diver. Steve sat on the tiled floor while she left the room. After five minutes to let her get dressed, he’d come out to have some tea and debrief. Melinda wasn’t very tactile, but Steve found that this polite form of aftercare was enough—it was in the continuity of the scene, and felt like its natural conclusion.After that she’d thank him and leave, and he would go back to the bathroom to clean up, allowing his focus to unravel at last, breathing out after a job well done.And usually that would have been his day. But things were slightly different now. * When Steve walked in, Bucky looked up from his laptop and took off his headphones. He wouldn’t have needed them; Steve’s bedroom was perfectly soundproof, just like the rest of the apartment. But he was tactful like that, making sure Steve didn’t have to worry for a second about the noises his client made.“Hey,” Bucky said. “Are you done for today?”“Yeah, Melinda just left.”She hadn’t wanted to actually meet Bucky, saying Steve had been kind enough to schedule a session for her despite the fact that his boyfriend was staying with him for the week. Steve suspected she also didn’t want a stranger bursting the bubble of her afterglow, and she was well within her rights.Steve climbed into the bed and snuggled against Bucky, heaving a great sigh. “God, I’m wiped.”“I can see that.”He sounded so fond. Steve wanted to cling to him and never let go. To know that Bucky was waiting in his tiny bedroom had somehow colored his entire scene with May, making him more tender even as he ran the blade along her skin.“M’ glad you’re here,” he mumbled into Bucky’s side. “You didn’t wait too long?”“You kidding? I’m not even done rewatching Pacific Rim.”“Hope I don’t smell like blood.”“Stop fretting, you idiot.” Bucky kissed the top of his head, then brought Steve close to him, wrapping his metal arm around him. It felt cool and smooth against his skin. “You wanna finish the movie with me?”“Nah.” Steve settled more comfortably. “Just want a nap.”“You go ahead, pal.” Bucky put his headphones back on one-handed. Soon enough, Steve could hear the tiny whisper coming from them. He closed his eyes and let his body relax against Bucky’s side, listening to the slow beat of his heart. * “So,” Natasha said. “How’s it going with my dumb roommate?”Steve felt himself begin to stupidly smile and wished his emotions didn’t show so easily on his face. He looked down at his beer—he’d started drinking the stuff years ago, in a misguided attempt to feel more virile, even though he hated it at the time. Now he knew better, but the taste had grown on him after all.“You can relax about that, Nat,” he said. “We got together, like, three months ago. And he’s… he’s so great.”“He must have been,” Natasha said, ominously tapping at the rim of her vodka glass. “One hundred bucks per session, was it?”Steve felt himself flush crimson. Christ. He’d hoped she’d never find out.“He—he told you?” he said, trying to sound casual and failing miserably.“Yesterday. In passing.” Icicles were hanging from her words. “Even complained about how you’d started out at fifty.”Steve cleared his throat, though it didn’t really help how hoarse he sounded. “I—I haven’t done anything wrong, you know.”“Fifty fucking bucks, Steve? Your lowest fee is two hundred an hour!”“I liked him, alright?” he said defensively. “I saw him and I just—but he wanted to pay, and he specifically said he wasn’t open to dating. So yeah, that was my compromise, and it turned out fine.”“Dumb luck. I knew you hadn’t been treating him like a normal client, but if I’d realized—”“That’s just it, he wasn’t. He was a friend. Your friend. I don’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Bloodplay
Spanking
Collars
Rad BDSM Etiquette
Established Relationship
tiny dom steve
Beefy Sub Bucky
Realistic
Idiots in Love
Fluff and Smut
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Paddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

