Work Text:
"Last question. What is the capital of -" Michelle stopped speaking, and everyone looked at Peter, as the sound of rock music began to blare from his backpack. Peter flushed and jammed a hand inside of his bag, fumbling around for his phone. "People, what have I told you about your phones?" Mr. Harrington sighed. "You're supposed to have them off during school hours!"The bell rang right as he finished speaking, and Flash smirked. "Technically, it's not school hours anymore," he pointed out.Peter finally fished his phone out, ignoring the squabble that broke out, and squinted at the screen. Just as he suspected, the incoming call was from Tony Stark. He frowned in concern. It was true that he and Tony had been keeping in closer contact since Peter had turned down the offer to join the Avengers (for now, anyway. As soon as he graduated high school, he was determined to join the team permanently); Peter now dealt more with Tony, not Happy, and had even taken to calling him 'Tony' as opposed to 'Mr. Stark' at Tony's insistence.Usually not a day went by without at least a text between them, and every two to three days Peter would call up Tony to give him a report. Once a week he would make the trek upstate to the compound, and Tony would go over the suit and Peter would get the chance to walk around the compound. It was always really cool, and he loved spending time there: he'd gotten to meet so many awesome people, including Mr. Rhodes, Vision, and Harley Keener.He wasn't going to lie: it was extra awesome when Peter's visits overlapped with Harley's, as they'd done three times in the past four months. Tony always got this super exasperated look on his face when Peter and Harley got going, and realizing that they could tease him was one of the best moments of Peter's life. Especially since Mr. Rhodes just stood back and laughed and laughed at Tony.But Tony never called or texted him during school hours. That just wasn't done. And Peter usually ended up getting lectured if he sent a text or called during school hours. Something was wrong."I gotta go," he blurted out."But we were supposed to be here for another hour going over questions," Michelle protested."Sorry. I gotta -" Peter shot to his feet, slinging his backpack over his shoulder. He could smell Michelle's annoyance without even having to look at her; the spider bite had augmented his alpha sense of smell along with his senses of hearing and sight, meaning that sometimes Peter could tell a little too much about the betas he went to school with. She was gonna make him pay for this later, but that didn't change the fact that he needed to leave."I guess we can pick this up tomorrow," Mr. Harrington said.Peter didn't wait for any more clarification. He headed for the doors, not paying much attention to the rest of the group. He pushed through the library doors and joined the stream of students heading for the exit. He tried to redial Tony's number, but there was no answer. His heart started to pound as a bunch of horrible scenarios flashed through his brain. What if Tony was in trouble?"Are you calling your girlfriend?" Flash asked, snatching Peter's phone away."Hey! Give that back!""Flash, stop being a moron," Michelle grumbled as she stomped past. Couldn't be too pissed, then."Oh, you were calling Tony Stark," Flash said, laughing at the name on Peter's contact list. Peter tried not to flush, but that awful, mocking tone always got to him."Yeah, I was. I have a question about my internship," Peter said as they walked outside. "Give it back!""Maybe you should -" Flash stopped abruptly. Peter looked at him, then realized that the crowd around them had also gone quiet. He didn't understand until he followed the direction of Flash's suddenly pale face.Tony Stark was standing in front of their school, leaning against a glossy black car.What the actual fuck."Give me that, asshole," Peter muttered, swiping his phone. He was more certain than ever that something was wrong, and it made the alpha side of him stir restlessly. He ran down the steps and jogged across the grass."Hey kid," Tony said as soon as Peter was within hearing distance."Hey Tony. What, um, what are you doing here?""I was just in the area. You said no one believed you knew me. So I thought I'd help your reputation." Tony smiled, but it was all wrong.And his scent. Something primal inside of Peter roared at the traces of distressedomegaSAD that he was picking up on. Peter was probably the only one who could smell it; Tony relied heavily on scent blockers, especially around other omegas or alphas. He was also, Peter had learned, a master at controlling his emotions, so something had to be really wrong."Are you okay?" Peter demanded, protective instincts surging to the surface. It was exactly the way he'd felt that time some guy got a little too handsy around Aunt May, except even stronger. Because this was an omega, this was Peter's omega - the only person he would ever go belly up for in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
not really any spoilers that I can think of
but I recommend proceeding with caution JIC
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Peter Parker
Alpha James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Rhodey
rhodey will drag himself through hell to be with you tony
takes place approximately four months after civil war
Male Pregnancy
Omega pregnancy
but extremely light on details
implied past tony stark/steve rogers
in this world pepper and tony are not together anymore
Pack Dynamics
dad tony stark
peter is very attached to his dad
and to his omega
pack leader
pack omega
harley keener as a background character
because tony has two pups
Platonic Hugging
Platonic Cuddling
Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hopeful Ending
tony needs his pups close to him
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
peter parker is a good kid
Pack Feels
Pack Family
Team as Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

