Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Stiles stared wide eyed around him, the little fox still clinging onto his shoulder. This is amazing” he enthused “I’ve never flown in a helicopter before” Blair smiled, enjoying the kid’s uninhibited reactions. Then he looked at his Sentinel in curiosity. He could feel their bond pulsing. Jim was up to something.

Ellison stared at the baby Sentinel. Stark wasn’t the only one who had noticed the kid’s reaction to the threat of danger.

“So Stiles, why do you stink of Werewolf and your Dad doesn’t?”                

 
Those clever Bambi eyes opened wide in utter shock, and the kid went completely still.

Blair hadn’t recognised it before despite the way he felt like Stiles was a kindred spirit but the kid had been in motion all the time they had been together. If it wasn’t his mouth, it was his hands, his expressions, the quick glances and flickering of his eyelashes, his quirky but oddly graceful body movement, even tapping his feet whilst standing up. 
It was as if all that abundant energetic sheer life force had come to a stop at Jim’s blunt question. The kid’s face paled to a shade of white Blair was not sure was even possible. Well damn, the kid was in trouble alright.

But most of Blair’s attention was on his Sentinel. His damn secretive sentinel who was telling the truth about Werewolves. Blair’s eyes flickered to the pilot but his sneaky ass sentinel had switched to a private channel on their headsets. Though Blair knew Rafe wouldn’t betray their confidence, Jim obviously wanted to make sure only the three of them had this conversation.Werewolves what the hell man? How had Jim managed to hide that from him? His Sentinel was in deep shit and from the slightly nervous dart of his beautiful blue eyes towards his irate Guide he damn well knew it. But he had to hand it to the big guy, the one glance at Blair was it, because he kept that stern demeanour focused on the now non fidgeting appalled youth.Jim’s mouth quirked up with reluctant amusement “Annnnd breath kid” he ordered almost gently, then his face was back to stern and serious Sentinel Prime.Stiles drew in much needed air in a quick gulp then all that energy burst forth and he was once again the embodiment of perpetual motion“Werewolf?” the kid managed to stammer, cough and almost choke at the same time trying to get the word out and then his head was swinging round as if trying to spot the mythical being in the actual helicopter.
  
“Nah, Dude, er I mean Alpha Dude, er, Alpha Prime Sentinel Dude, there are no wolves in California. Died out years ago. Don’t know why you are asking where the wolves are in California”The kid offered Jim a weak desperate smile then seemed to forget that the older Guide and Sentinel could see him as he actually rolled his eyes at the ridiculousness of his own response and then bit his lip nervously.

Jim cocked a disbelieving eyebrow at him, although laughter was deepening the blue of his eyes. Stiles stared back with hopeful stubbornness though the word lame was resounding in his too active brain like a death knoll. But why did it have to sound like freaking Jackson douche canoe Whittemore?“Seriously kid, that the best you can do?” the Sentinel Prime sounded just like his Dad when the Sheriff was dealing with perps. Right the Prime had been a cop once in Cascade. A Cop, an investigator, a seeker after truth and justice, a man of the law. And the most important and powerful Sentinel with the most important and powerful Guide in the whole of the USA.And Stiles was trying to lie, obfuscate and wiggle his way out of telling the Dude about Beacon Hill and the Supernatural shit show his life had become. Well shit…ake mushrooms on toast. Stiles was so doomed, the nefarious Dr Doom would have to change his name to Daisy because the word Doom would now forever be attached to the name Stiles Stilinski.Blair nearly winced in sympathy. He had been on the receiving end of Jim’s eyebrow of impending retribution often enough.
Blair didn’t need any empathy to pick up the kid’s utter disconcertion but his nervous system was then flooded with the pure terrified panic and the unmissable sentinel determination to protect that the kid was leaking like a second hand sieve.“Please, you can’t tell my Dad. I can’t lose him too. I can’t. I have to keep him safe” Blair wasn’t even sure if the kid realised what he had admitted in that despairing undertone. But it was loud enough for both Blair and Jim to hear. Blair saw the flair of recognition in Jim’s eyes as he too felt that instinctive sentinel drive pouring off the kid.

A Guide’s hearing might not be on a par with a Sentinel but a full bond always provided improvements to the partners, though most of the Sentinels weren’t that bothered about the empathic part of their Guide’s gifts. As for the Guide, well the fact that Blair had been bonded to his Alpha Sentinel for nearly ten years meant that his own senses had steadily improved to well beyond mundane range s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Sheriff Stilinski
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Jim Ellison/Blair Sandburg
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Not Canon Compliant
Adults taking charge
Canon-Typical Violence
Sheriff Stilinski Finds Out About Werewolves
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Humor

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Sheriff Stilinski
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski
Jim Ellison/Blair Sandburg
Scott McCall & Stiles Stilinski

