Work Text:
Never, not if he lived to be a thousand years old, would Bucky ever deserve this."Buck—Bucky, please, you gotta—"Slicking his finger through the mess of lube and spit already smeared around Steve's hole, Bucky kissed his way up Steve's thigh toward his knee, just needing a better vantage point. A better place to be able to look at him from. Keeping his lips pressed to salty skin, he shifted his gaze, up and up, and…Fuck.Bucky wouldn't deserve this if he lived to be ten thousand years old.They'd been at this for a while now, Bucky opening Steve up, and warming him up. Getting him ready with his fingers and his tongue, and now Steve was all laid out on their bed, naked and glistening, flushed and panting. Blond hair was sticking to his brow, and he had his arms splayed out, hands tucked underneath the pillows just like Bucky had told him to, that soft pink mouth all lax and open and wet. His perfect cock was more than ready. It probably hurt to be that hard. Fuck, Bucky hadn't had his ass eaten out for the last twenty minutes, and he was straining, aching with the need to give this all up, and touch, and come.Not yet, though. That wasn't what this was about.Swallowing, Bucky dipped his finger just inside, right into that velvet place where Steve was hot and sensitive, the muscle smooth and relaxed now. "You ready?"Somehow, Steve managed to huff and roll his eyes. "Was ready an hour ago."He hadn't been, though.Because that was the thing about Steve. He loved it, loved to be taken apart like this, loved to have that gorgeous ass licked and fingered and fucked and sucked. In his heart, down beneath that wholesome façade, he was a goddamn slut for it. But no matter how much he was gagging for it, he was always virgin-tight, always confounded by the serum and by his own restraint. The force of personality that kept him a paragon of virtue in everyone else's eyes.The one Bucky always had to strip away.Swallowing, Bucky slipped another finger in, throbbing at the way Steve opened so sweetly around him. Yeah, he was ready.Not that Bucky was going to give it to him, yet."You sure?" he teased. "Maybe I should lick you out a little longer. You still seem kinda tight. Wouldn't want to hurt you."Steve made a grunting noise of pure frustration as Bucky grazed—but didn't quite press against—his prostate. "Not made of glass."Bucky chuckled, but it echoed hollowly in his chest.Because Steve used to be. He'd been made of glass, so thinly spun, just a tendril of a filament wrapped up in the shape of a man, and Bucky'd had to be even more careful, back then. He'd lay Steve out and work him over just like this, eat up his moans and lick his sweat, but it was off of an abdomen almost as skinny as Bucky's wrists.And he'd loved it. Just as much then as he did now."Buck…"The mattress shifted beneath Bucky, and yes, perfect. Steve was getting restless enough now that he was thinking about defying orders, thinking about pulling his hands out from underneath those pillows and grabbing Bucky by the hair.Bucky reached to grab the tube of lube, slipping down to circle his tongue around Steve's opening just another time or two as he slicked his fingers. He wanted Steve wet for this, wanted him dripping. Wanted it to feel so good, because there were still so many things about the future Steve didn't trust.Bucky wanted Steve to understand. The future could feel fucking awesome.At least when it was vibrating in your ass.And yeah, part of Bucky had felt like an asshole for taunting Steve into going into the sex shop they were always walking past on the way to the place he liked to volunteer on Tuesdays, but it had been worth it just to see Captain America standing in aisle of giant fake cocks and Fleshlights and vibrators. To see Steve Rogers pick up a black, plastic battery-powered number and turn to Bucky and say, "Do guys actually like this stuff?"It was a goddamn crime all the things Steve had missed before Bucky had gotten his head on straight.He'd gone back the very next day and bought up half a dozen options, then propped them up on his nightstand. It had taken two days for Steve to bring them up. Two more for him to say he wouldn't mind giving them a shot.One more before he hauled Bucky bodily to their room and tore all their clothes off. Pulled Bucky on top of him and spread his legs, and now here they were.Steve outright whined, and Bucky had to shove the wrist of his metal hand against himself to keep from going off just like that. He fought for composure, keeping his voice as level as he could, but gravel seeped into it as he gestured to the side. "Got a favorite you wanna try first?"Steve glanced to the side, shaking his head, but his gaze went straight to the biggest one there. The one most likely to tear his ass apart, and yeah. Bucky could get behind that."Whore," Bucky muttered fondly against the pale flesh of his thigh. He rose up onto his knees and selected one a little smaller just to see Steve try to hide his disa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bottom Steve Rogers
Vibrators
Anal Play
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Face-Fucking
Multiple Orgasms
Mild D/s Overtones
wow this is basically just filthy
there might be a few feels in here
but it's essentially just porn
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

