Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time Steve met Spider-Man, he was deciding whether or not to jump off the bridge. Steve's tried, okay? He was in a bit of shock after coming out of the ice and hadn't been able to feel much of anything. With the ice and the Chitauri, he hadn't had time to process Bucky, the end of the war, the fact that everyone he knew and loved was dead or dying. He hadn't wanted to. Fury telling him about aliens and the Avengers Initiative had been a fucking godsend. He pushed Steve Rogers deep down and was only Captain America. Then things slowed down, and Steve had time to think. To feel the weight of everything crushing him. When Stark invited them all to live in the Tower, Steve had jumped on it. It hurt to think about, and he couldn't help but feel that he was betraying his old friends, but he could see the Avengers becoming his new Howling Commandos. But the Avengers didn't want Steve Rogers. They just wanted Captain America. There was no "Steve." Only "Rogers," "Captain," "Cap," "Capsicle," "old man..."And Captain America, well, he had to be strong. He couldn't cry, couldn't be sad, couldn't grieve. He couldn't be weak. He could maybe be angry, but not too much. He always had to stay in control. Steve Rogers wanted to cry and mourn. Captain America had to plan and drill for the next alien attack. 

Steve Rogers wanted to make friends, maybe ask some of his teammates for a drink. Captain America had to keep a professional relationship with the other Avengers. 

Steve Rogers only knew the basics of how to use a cell phone, television, and Google. He wanted to know more, wanted to ask, when he didn't want to destroy the computer out of sheer frustration. Captain America could not look dumb. 

Steve Rogers cried himself to sleep more often than not and woke up screaming from nightmares. Captain America never shed a tear. Steve Rogers wasn't needed. Wasn't wanted. And after a couple of months, he realized that Captain America wasn't really needed, either. Back in the War, there had been just him. But now there were half a dozen other superheroes, with more cropping up every week. That asshole in Hell's Kitchen for instance, and that private eye who could bench-press cars. There were people here who were geniuses, who knew everything there was to know about technology, who had mastered a dozen different styles of martial arts, who could call lightning and turn into beings of raw destructive power. What was an outdated SEO star with a shield compared to that?These thoughts swirled through Steve's head as he walked across the bridge early Saturday morning. The sun was barely up. He'd started at a jog, but the more he thought the more tired he became. Not in a physical sense, but he just couldn't bring himself to run when it was taking every effort just to breathe. What would it be like to just...stop?He glanced over the railing. The black water far below was slowly turning blue. It probably wouldn't kill him. He'd survived crashing a plane from half a mile up into the Arctic ocean. A five-story drop into lukewarm water wasn't gonna cut it. A shotgun blast to the head would do the trick, though. It'd be easy to get. He wouldn't do it in the Tower, though. Wouldn't be right to make Stark clean up his mess. He'd go somewhere quiet..."Popcorn?" Steve jumped, then cursed. He had enhanced hearing. He had no excuse to let anything sneak up on him. Perched on the railing, half-hidden by shadows, was a small man in red and blue, holding out a bag of kettle-corn. The mask covering his face was rolled up to his nose, revealing smooth pale skin with a bit of baby fat. Steve instinctively assumed the demeanor of Captain America: firm voice, straight shoulders, hard eyes. "Spider-Man." Spider-Man tipped his head. He grinned. "Oh, wow. You're Captain Rogers! I didn't even recognize you!" Steve didn't say anything. He'd never met the new vigilante in person. None of the Avengers had, as far as he knew. This guy was small-fry. SHIELD had some interest, but since the man was far more focused on drug dealers and muggers than aliens and armies, he wasn't high on the list. "You want some popcorn?" he offered again. Steve looked at the bag, then took a couple of kernels. As soon as he bit, he spat it back out. Spider-Man chuckled. "Not a fan of jalapeno, huh?""What the hell is a jalapeno?" he demanded. "A really spicy pepper in Central America. But if you think that's bad, you should try a ghost pepper." Spider-Man shuddered, then took a whole handful of the devil-chips and shoved them in his mouth. "So, Captain, I know you probably don't want to be bothered and all, but I have some very important questions to ask you." Steve bit back the groan, the familiar dread tightening around his lungs. It was so hard to breathe as he braced himself for the usual: Avenger business, strategies, villains, maybe something about the 1930s/40s. Every now and then he'd get "What's your favorite thing about the 21st Century?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Suicide Attempt
Suicidal Thoughts
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
He's not coping
Awesome Peter
BAMF Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
he shall give Steve that hug
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
musical therapy
Steve likes country
So does Clint
RIP Chris Cornell
Steve Rogers is a little shit
when he's not horribly depressed
improper use of spider-senses
this probably isn't how they work
but who cares
It's my fic
I make the rules here
Alternate Universe
Parallel Universe
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

