Work Text:

A few weeks after Loki's heat had passed, Thor found him in the bath chamber in the early hours of the morning, curled over the porcelain basin of the sink and retching up the remains of last night's dinner. Thor rubbed his eyes with the heel of his hand, yawning; it was very early, and the sky was grey with the impending dawn, the sun not yet having come up over the hills to kiss the sky with pink and gold."Loki, fairest," he murmured, his voice rough with sleep. "Are you quite alright?" He gently patted Loki's back, rubbing soothing circles into the soft skin between Loki's shoulder blades. Loki looked up at him in the silvered looking glass hanging above the basin, and Thor felt rather guilty for the dark purple circles that had started to gather below Loki's eyes.
Loki opened his mouth to say something, when his eyes suddenly widened and he bent double over the sink again, dry heaving. Thor stepped forward and gently brushed long strands of hair away from where they threatened to fall into the sink, holding them back from Loki's face so they wouldn't get in the way.
Loki washed out his mouth and ran the water in the sink, cleaning the basin before straightening again with a little huff of annoyance. He looked at Thor, his lips pursed.
"The child will be like you," he declared firmly. Thor was dismayed to see the pout on Loki's mouth, but was privately delighted. He'd have to visit the forges, make a miniature warhammer for his child, teach him or her how to call the storm and make the winds do its bidding.
"Why do you say that, brother?" he asked, trying to keep the mirth out of his voice.
"It is much like you, inconsiderate of my sentiment about how I would like to sleep in a bit in the mornings," Loki sniffed, rubbing at his stomach unconsciously. He hadn't started to show yet, but Thor knew he would soon; his brother's body was simply too flat and too angular for the baby to be unnoticeable.
"Well, now that you're up, would you mind it very much if I had you?" Thor asked, looking up at Loki hopefully.
Loki rolled his eyes, padded back to their bed, and demanded Thor give him a massage, his back was aching something dreadful.
Thor did get to have him eventually, his hands scented and slick with amber massage oil, as the day broke over the horizon and Loki sobbed praises and curses and his name all at once into the sheets.
Loki's body was changing by the week, by the day, by the minute even, Thor was convinced, if only he took the time to lay his head on Loki's stomach and listen carefully for twitchings of life inside. Loki more often than not would swat him on the head with the back of a book, would tell him to go make himself useful and fetch him some more of those Midgardian chocolate sandwich cookies that he adored (Oreos, they were called, and Thor blamed Darcy for Loki's abrupt Midgardian junk food addiction).
Packages and boxes of sweet things piled up in the royal kitchens, things with funny names and bright block letters on their boxes. Pop-Tarts in all flavours (Loki was partial to brown cinnamon sugar), a whole host of sugary breakfast cereals that Loki would vehemently deny were advertised for Midgardian children, and various chocolate teardrop candies in all colours of wrappers named rather...provocatively, Hugs, Kisses, Bliss. And Thor was definitely not jealous of this Lord Hershey, even if his products were apt to make Loki moan with delight as he rolled the sweet around his tongue before swallowing it down with a sigh of pleasure.
It seemed to happen when Thor turned his head for just a second. One day Loki's belly was still smooth and flat, and the next there was the soft, growing swell of a child, protruding from Loki's abdomen. Thor was utterly surprised and amazed and delighted at the new development, and took to following Loki around Asgard, his hands reaching out constantly to feel, to cup, to touch. Loki would only sigh and remove Thor's hands with a sigh that indicated he thought Thor was being a nuisance, only to have to repeat the process mere moments later when Thor's hands would drift across to his belly again.
Loki often complained of being sore, his feet, his back, his hips, and Thor was more than happy to rub away the aches with his broad hands. Sometimes, Loki lied about being sore - well, to be honest, this was most of the time, the baby wasn't being nearly as much trouble as he pretended, but he did love to see the guilt curl across Thor's face and manifest itself in some present of apology. Loki's chambers quickly became cluttered with lovely, leather-bound sets of spell books and pots of orchids in all colours that Thor scoured Midgardian florists for. Loki woke up every morning with a smile on his face and cared for the orchids tenderly, watering each of them and feeling their silky petals against his fingers as he stroked them softly.
As the moon waxed and waned in the nighttime sky, Thor watched Loki's belly grow and swell round underneath the cotton 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Overstimulation
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Mpreg
Morning Sickness
Massage
Pregnancy
Pregnant Sex
Pregnant Loki
Pregnancy Kink
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Fluff and Smut
Humor
Presents
Rimming
Come Eating
Explicit Sexual Content
Multiple Orgasms
in which Darcy channels her inner sassy black lady
Dry Orgasm

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Loki/Thor
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

