Chapter 1: The Flip of the Coin
    




Chapter Text
The teenager was slammed into the wall again, a fist slamming into his stomach. This caused him to lurch forward and cough violently, falling to his knees. The man in front of him grabbed his face, and whispered darkly into his ear. The group of people behind him laughed. He then slammed his head against the wall before walking away. The group moved forward to take his place, as they pelted his body with punches, kicks, and spit. The teenager didn’t try and fight anymore, he had long since given up. 
Once they were gone, the teenager put his torn clothing back on the best he could, and left the school grounds. He could have just headed home, but he decided that he wouldn't be going back. In fact, soon he wouldn't be doing anything anymore.
 
He bumped into several people along the way, but never stopped, he had one goal in mind and one goal only. The student walked to a bridge, on the route back to school. The sky had gone dark long ago. He swung his lanky legs over the railing, and stood on the edge of the bridge.
 
Looking down for a second, eyes empty of emotion, he thought about his life. Then, with no regrets, he let go. He fell, fallings towards the street, as an oncoming truck screeched to try and stop. But it still slammed into his falling body. The teenager’s world faded around him, as he gave one, final thought.
 

I want to die..

 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
 
On the other side of the world, the battle of the century was happening. The Avengers against Thanos. The battle was painful, hard, and long. Nobody knew how much farther they could go on..
 
Thanos was powering another attack, as the magical violence swirled around them. Tony saw who he was aiming for. For Steve.. In that moment, he made a split second decision. He flew forward, grabbing as Thanos’ gauntlet and pushing it up. The magic gauntlet protected the user, but not Tony. He screamed, his suit imploding around him as he flew down.
 
His body was in extreme pain, limbs felt like they were missing. Tony wheezed out, seeing the blurry faces of the people around him. They were screaming, begging. Steve in particular, tears streaming down his face as he realized Tony had saved him.
 
Taking a deep breath, Tony wheezed out,”Don’t waste it.. Don’t waste this chance..” His vision began to fade, noises sounded like they were underwater.
 
Suddenly, another blast flew forwards, and Tony’s world shut down around him. In those final moments, Tony felt like he was floating in the darkness. Just before everything finally faded away, one more sad, desperate, and regretful thought flew through his mind.
 

I’m sacrificing myself for the greater good..

 

But I still want to live..

 
-- -- -- -- -- --
 
The next thing Tony knew, his vision came back. He saw the blurry form of.. An IV? His eyes snapped open completely. He sat up quickly, looking around him. The blanket was green, there were plastic borders on the bed, he was wearing pajama-like clothing that had a blue and white vertical pattern, sun was shining despite the blue curtains, and all the walls were white. 

I’m in a hospital?

 
Tony frowned, looking down at his suddenly very pale hands in confusion, one clutching at the. He brought one hand closer to his face, flexing it slowly. I’m alive? He thought in shock. How am I alive? My body, I was torn apart..
 
He turned away, no longer facing the window or looking at his hands. Turning towards the nightstand, Tony saw a mirror. But the person looking back at him in the mirror.. It wasn’t him. 
 
The person in the mirror had messy red hair that fell into their freckled face. In the long hair was a spike of white hair right near the front bangs. He took the pale hand, lifting the messy bangs and looking at the face closer. The face had one blue eye, and one brown eye. The lips were soft, and slightly feminine looking, and the entire pale face was covered in freckles.
 
Tony let out a panicked noise, too shocked to realize how different the voice sounded. He slapped his hands against the cheeks, running his hands through the hair, and tugging at the hair. He turned to look next to him, but there was no one else there, so he turned and looked back at the mirror in confusion. 
 
Confusion beginning to boil and overflow, he waved his hands around, trying to see if what he was seeing was real. He brought the hands to his cheeks again, eyes wide with confusion. 

What’s going on?! What is this?! Who are you?!




Tony threw the blanket down, forcing himself on his shaky feet. He then stumbled, crying 
out as he flopped to the ground. He wheezed, forcing himself up again and running to the door against the wall. Sliding it open, he found a small bathroom. The mirror in it showed the same person, but it wasn’t Tony. 

No, no, no, what’s going on?! It can’t be! It’s impossible!!

 
Tony was finally realized he was panicking, and forced himself to take several deep breaths. He calmed down, and looked at him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Original Character Death(s)
Suicide Attempt
Bullying
Depression
Bodyswap
Age Regression/De-Aging
I mean
Technically It Is
Self-Sacrifice
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Won't Take The Avengers Shit No More
Tony Stark-centric
Sibling Rivalry
Self-Harm
Self-Defense
Memory Magic
The Author Regrets Nothing
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Attempted Kidnapping
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Reunions
Not Really Character Death
Sibling Bonding
Protectiveness

fandom: 
Relationship Tags to Be Added

