Work Text:

 One. 
"Welcome home, Sir..." The way JARVIS' voice distorted then faded sent tendrils of icy dread and fiery wrath through Tony's blood, making his limbs lock and his heart clench. He remember, all too vividly, how JARVIS had been disabled by Stane. His chest throbbed with an emptiness though the arc reactor rested securely within."I am Iron Man."There was a man standing in Tony's living room. Tall and bald, like Stane. The voice was different though, so he focused on that dissimilarity and forced himself to breath, to take steps forward, to fight against the panic blurring the edges of his vision."You think you're the only superhero in the world?"If his throat hadn't closed up and his mouth suddenly dry, Tony would have scoffed and reminded this intruder to watch the news. He had just announced to the world that he wasn't the hero type, and he was pretty sure that being a hero was a prerequisite to be considered a superhero."Mr. Stark, you've become part of a bigger universe. You just don't know it yet."The haughtiness snapped Tony out of an impending anxiety attack. He had had enough people patronizing him, treating him as though he was made of clay and attempting to mold him to their wills, for a lifetime. He was Iron Man."Who the hell are you?"The man stepped into the solitaire light cast by the hanging lamp, standing behind the couch where Tony laid dying less than a day ago. "Nick Fury. Director of SHIELD.""Huh." Tony thought back to the impassive man, Agent...Something, and the condescending just read it word for word note cards."I'm here to talk to you about the Avenger Initiative."The superiority made Tony irritated but the audacity to tamper with his tech, his JARVIS, made him furious. It was clear that they needed him, because Tony sure didn't need them. Tony did not respond well to intimidation – just ask the Ten Rings, or, don't, since they no longer exist – and this home invasion was as clear of a threat as any. "No. Get the hell out." 
 Two. 
The breeze felt good in his hair and the sun warm on his face, Tony took another bite of his doughnut, savoring the small pleasures in life. While he still could."Sir! I’m going to have to ask you to exit the doughnut." A familiar voice shouted from below, a quick glance confirmed it was Fury, the most tactless spy in the world.Boredom made Tony consider the request and curiosity prompted him to glide down. He could use some coffee to offset the frosting caked on the roof of his mouth."I told you I don’t want to join your super-secret boy band." Tony reiterated as he took a sip of his coffee, grimacing at the bitterness and loving every drop."No, no, no. See, I remember, you do everything yourself. How’s that working out for you?" Fury chuckled dismissively and Tony wondered what the spy hoped to accomplish by antagonizing the man they were obviously trying to recruit, given Fury's repeated efforts to seek Tony out."It’s... It’s... It’s... I’m sorry. I don’t want to get off on the wrong foot." Tony feigned a slur in his speech. "Do I look at the patch or the eye? Honestly I’m a bit hung over. I’m not sure if you’re real or if I’m having...""I am very real. I’m the realest person you’re ever going to meet."Tony snorted, Fury was only real in the sense that he was corporeal though Tony supposed he would have preferred dealing with a life model decoy. At least he could shut those down. "Just my luck. Where’s the staff here?""That’s not looking so good." Fury reached over, invading Tony's personal space like he was somehow entitled to it.Tony knew then that they planned to use the palladium poisoning as leverage, likely holding a possible cure as a bargaining chip. A crappy way to establish a working relationship. "I’ve been worse." He said through clenched teeth, muffled by the coffee cup next to his lips. "Get your hands off of me, we are done here." He knocked Fury's hand away with the coffee cup, uncaring that a few drops splashed and spilled.Fury hissed as the hot liquid hit his skin.Tony slid out of the booth and came face-to-face with Rushman – or whatever her real name was – from legal. The black bodysuit was a dead giveaway of her status as another SHIELD operative. These people really had no concept of subtlety. "You're fired." He snarled at her, pushing past her stunned face and through the door.The Iron Man suit whirring securely around him as the faceplate came down. Howard was a founding member of SHIELD; if SHIELD had any information relevant to Tony's problem, then it was likely something found in Howard's previous research. It was an educated guess and reasonable leap, no one else at SHIELD could hope to match Tony's intelligence."JARVIS, call Agent and inform him I want all of my father's research sent to my house in two hours before I pull whatever funding Howard set aside for his pet project." With a flippant wave at the two spies gaping at him through the window, Tony took off with a roar of the repulsors. 
 Three. 
Tony eyed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Civil War Team Iron Man
Broken Team Dynamics
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
5+1

fandom: 
None
