Work Text:

 Lagos, Nigeria…was not the beginning… or even the beginning of the end. 
“Oh, my God” Steve whispered to himself, still panting and staring horrified at the destruction.He could barely see Wanda through his peripheral vision. Going to her knees and covering her mouth with her hands.~*~
 If there is no deal… it is up for foot soldiers…they stood no chance. 
The men were in tactic black gear, bullet proof, the best in the market with flexible joints and sturdy breastplates that wouldn’t scratch with bullets. FBI, CIA and SWAT. There wasn’t room for ‘overkill’ when it was about people like that. Washington proved that.“Sometimes you can’t save everyone”They stormed the place but it wasn’t enough. The witch, they would say later, she did something, a red mist covered their eyes and they paralyzed in fear. Their worst fears right in front of them, they couldn’t help it, they started shooting blind. Six of their own men dead, another ten in the hospital, the last nine with such a severe case of PTSD that they got leave from their duties.~*~
 If Tony Stark is not available… it is up to Maria Hill…she is not as kind. 
“The Nigerian government is up in arms! US are not happy and the talks about and from Sokovia are rising up!” Maria Hill has never been so furious in her life as Natasha’s silence was evidencing.“Sokovia? What does Stark has to do with this?” Sam was instantly suspicious but cringed back at the almost snarl in Maria’s face.“He has nothing to do with any of this or did you forget that Maximoff is Sokovian?! Let me ask you something: did you spend so much time up in the air where there is less oxygen than in the ground that now you are brain damaged?” the airman could feel his face getting hotter.“Just wait a moment, this is going too far. We saved lives that day and then those terrorists just invaded and almost destroyed our home” Steve motioned for the damage in the Compound’s living room and unleashed his ‘Captain America Disapproves’ to Maria’s unimpressed gaze.“Let’s begin with how did you save lives in Lagos?”“We couldn’t let Rumlow get that bioweapon” Steve answered as if that should be obvious but that only made the former Deputy Director madder.“No, you were not! I was the one that logged that information in the Avengers’ servers and when I tried to locate you, this little group was already less than an hour from reaching Nigeria! Why were the four of you even going there to begin with?” when silence was all the answer she got, Maria took a deep breath. She felt like her head was about to explode, “Ok, next on the list. Wilson” her voice was so authoritarian that he had to stop himself from standing in attention, “You asked about Sokovia. Were you, were any of you aware that Maximoff’s visa can be taken away at moment’s notice? And that was before the clusterfuck in Lagos! The US wasn’t happy to give her one in the first place, after Lagos? They are just waiting for Nigeria to request extradition!” she was satisfied at the way Wilson and Maximoff blanched and Romanov grimaced and yet…“She is just a kid!” and there goes the censuring expression again but the woman couldn’t summon enough patient to get angry at that, she was too busy gaping.  “Never,” she began slowly, “ever say that ever again.” Maria almost cried at the hell she would have to face if Rogers ever voiced that particular ‘argument’ in front of anyone with camera.Never mind reporters, a lucky enough teenager with a cellphone and a Twitter account would have a feast.“It is the true! She doesn’t deserve any of this!” that huge, airhead of a behemoth kept insisting and Maria almost fainted right there.Feeling her head was too light and yet her body didn’t have enough strength to hold it upright, Maria tried to convey her point and hopefully prevent that nightmare.“I will say this just once and if you fail to heed my advice, you will be on your own to fend off the crowd.” She took a deep breath, “Wanda Maximoff is currently 26 years old. She was 25 when she joined the Avengers while you were 23 when you decided to break the laws, multiple times at that, to try and enlist. You were 25 when you fought aliens in 2012. Young adults at age of 18 everywhere in the country are enlisting to be part of a battlefield, including Sam Wilson and James Rhodes. Romanov was 19 when SHIELD recruited her, Tony Stark was 21 when he became CEO of a multimillion company and technically Vision is only one year old. No sane person would ever see Wanda Maximoff as a child… ever! And if that is not enough to stop you from sprouting out something so stupid, perhaps this will: you are Captain America. People listen to you, so they will also listen when you say stuff like ‘Wanda is a kid’, the problem with that is that all it will take is a single argument for there to be witch hunt, ‘If Maximoff is a kid, then why is she an Avenger?’ unless of course, you are ready to face people claiming that the leader of the Avengers condone the use of child soldi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Maria Hill
Sam Wilson & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" "Rhodes/Carol Danvers

freeform: 
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Author is Bitter
The Author Regrets Nothing
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve-Friendly
You Have Been Warned
Moderated due to sudden influx of trolls

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Maria Hill
Sam Wilson & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" "Rhodes/Carol Danvers

