Work Text:
Peter's not really sure when it happened, exactly. One week, Michelle Jones was settled at the end of Peter and Ned's table at lunch, her nose glued to a book, her closed-off posture making him question yet again why she even sat with them at all. The next week, Michelle was slipping in the seat opposite him, dropping her lunch in front of her with a thump and a tired sigh, as though she had been sitting there since the very first day of school."Sometimes I think the teacher's all get together in the staff room and conspire against us," she had said, brushing a strand of her wild hair away from her face. "The amount of assignments due next week is really taking a toll on my mental health."She didn't even look at them, busy opening up her lunch bag and poking around inside, so she missed the dumbfounded looks Peter and Ned had been directing her way.They were friends with Michelle but...not...really. They were friendly with her... except...she wasn't very friendly. Well....they didn't hate each other, at least. And they were sort of tied together by their awkward, outcast statuses. So it wasn't that weird that Michelle was talking to them. It was just weird that she was acting as though they didn't only ever communicate in small off-handed sentences.Peter had snuck a look at Ned, who was already looking at him, and gave him a little confused shrug of his shoulders. Ned leaned in, looking as though he wanted to say something to Peter under his breath, but Peter gave him a warning look. He felt as though Michelle would be able to hear whatever Ned was going to say, no matter how quietly he spoke. She was very observant, after all.And a little intimidating."What?" Michelle had asked when she finally looked up them and noticed their odd looks. "Are you guys scared of small talk or something? Because I'd prefer to talk about something else, too, I just don't really know what you two nerds talk about. I mean, you're always whispering so quietly to each other over here."Ned seemed to break out his stunned stupor. "Do you try to listen in on our conversations?""Yeah," Michelle replied. She took a bite of her lunch. Peter and Ned blinked at her. "Never really hear anything though. Well, I used to hear you talking about Liz..." Peter felt his cheek burn up, "you were pretty loud then, but since she left you guys have been whispering a lot. Planning something illegal?""No," Peter said. He was suddenly thinking about all the conversations about Spider-Man he and Ned had held at this very table. With Michelle only a few seats away. God, they really were stupid, weren't they? "We're not planning anything. We...just talk about nerd stuff."Michelle had just shrugged, taking another bite of her lunch. She didn't really say anything else, and after a while had pulled out a book to read. Peter and Ned had spent most of that lunch in silence, glancing at her out of the corner of their eyes.Afterwards, when it was just the two of them walking to class, Peter and Ned had discussed the many reasons of why on earth Michelle had sat with them. And they questioned whether it was just a one-off thing.But it wasn't. Michelle sat opposite Peter at the lunch the following day. And the next day. And every other day after that. Sometimes she spoke, sometimes she just read, sometimes she stole some of Peter's lunch and halfheartedly snorted at the lame jokes he was telling Ned, and sometimes she rolled her eyes at their references of Star Wars but gave them an in-depth analysis of Leia's character anyway. Sometimes she fell asleep with her head on the desk and sometimes she kicked Peter under the table. But she was still there, right with them every day. And at some point - even though he'd been more than content with his friend-circle being more of a friend-line made up of the two points of him and Ned - Peter felt that no lunch was complete until Michelle slipped into the seat opposite him. And the friend-line became more of a friend-triangle. And he was surprisingly happy with that.   "Look, I know you're really smart and anything. Well...maybe 'really smart' is a bit too generous. I know you're not stupid..."Michelle's voice startles Peter and he closes his locker quickly to find her standing beside it, hugging her school books to her chest. When she appeared there, Peter doesn't know. Michelle has a real habit of just turning up in random places and acting as though she's been there all long (to the point that makes you question if she really had been there all along, and Peter gives himself a moment to squint at her and wonders if she had actually walked to his locker with him) (she hadn't)."Was there no middle ground between 'really smart' and 'not stupid'?" Peter asks."Hm, maybe. I wasn't looking down when I leapt over it," Michelle replies dismissively. "Anyway, what I'm trying to say is you've been missing a lot of school recently and I think you're falling behind in your classes.""I'm not," Peter replies defensively. He
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fluff
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Romance
Attempt at Humor

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

