Work Text:
The worst part of picking road cycling as a hobby, Steve sometimes thinks, is that it’s fucking impossible to practise in New York City. Sure, he can always go ride around Prospect Park for shit and giggles, or risk his life in the city traffic, but it’s a lot more fun to do it in the countryside, preferably on quiet roads cutting through fields and forests.
Unfortunately, finding a quiet road means hours worth of driving time first, and there are times when Steve, stuck in the weekend traffic, wonders why he didn’t pick up crossfit, or stamp collecting, or folding plastic bags into tiny triangles or whatever those Konmari people even do. It would certainly be a damn lot easier.
Road cycling races are a good way to get a sneaky weekend getaway, though, and that’s mostly the reason Steve’s ended up in upstate New York on a beautiful May morning, stretching for his first individual time trial of the year near the Canadian border.
The ITT is organized by a local cycling association, and Peggy knows most of the guys from her brief stint as a lab assistant in the nearby city after she graduated from nursing school. She agreed to volunteer as the race medic when the club asked her and ended up ‘dragging’ both Steve and Sam upstate with her, as if Steve could pass up an opportunity for countryside racing. Sam’s along as Steve’s mental support and to fuel his own love for photography by taking photos of people in tight cycling suits.
“Your league is very tiny,” Sam says as he appears next to Steve, his camera bag securely on his shoulder, gesturing towards somebody behind Steve’s back. “Just you and number 107, whoever the hell he is. Apparently this spandex club isn’t exactly a popular hobby around here.”
Steve turns to look at the direction of Sam’s pointing finger. There’s a tall guy standing with his back to them, tattooed arms gesturing as he talks to a sleepy-looking man who’s nodding along. The guy is in a summer cycling suit: black shorts and a wildly-colored t-shirt top, every inch of the fabric clinging to his body.
Race number 107 is sitting nicely on the curve of the guy’s back just above his ass, and Steve can easily pretend to look at the number when he’s actually appreciating the beauty in front of him. 107 is the perfect ITT type, Steve thinks as he tries not to ogle: all lean muscle, slick and aerodynamic, legs for miles and thighs Steve wouldn’t mind having wrapped around his waist, and a round, perky ass he’s pretty sure he’s gonna fantasize about later in the shower.
107 and his assistant - judging from all the chain grease on him - are standing next to one of the sickest ITT bicycles Steve’s ever seen. It’s matte black with silvery details, and the solid disk wheel is painted to look like it’s made from interlocked metal plates, much like the tattoo on 107’s left arm. It’s definitely custom work, and probably expensive as hell.
“Earth to Steve,” Sam says, waving his hand in front of Steve’s eyes. “Stop ogling, you need to leave for the warm-up.”
As if on cue, 107 bends over (Steve nearly swallows his tongue) and picks up the aerodynamic full helmet resting against his foot. He puts it on, claps the mechanic on the shoulder, and grabs his bike. Steve hastens to do the same, almost tripping on his own feet. Sam heaves a put-upon sigh somewhere behind him.
Steve’s been doing a lot of spinning during the winter, but he still feels a little rusty, staring enviously at how effortlessly 107 jumps on his bike and spins off to do his warm-up. It feels good to be on his ITT bike, noticeably different from the bicycle Steve rides around in his daily life, and it doesn’t take long until he finds the right position on the bike and starts to feel the thrill of the upcoming trial. It’s gonna be a full 15-mile sprint; a familiar setting, not a problem after all the workouts, and Steve’s confident in his skin, ready to kickstart the summer cycling season with a good base time.
Once the warm-up is done and Steve’s gearing for his start, Sam pats him on the back and wanders back to his photo spot a few hundred yards away from the finish line.
Steve’s setting off a full two minutes before 107, and he knows his own endurance well enough to be able to pace himself so that he doesn’t use up all his energy right away, or end up riding slower than he had the means to. The first half of the sprint passes in a pleasant haze: Steve’s gotten into the zone, and is spinning on in a steady, brisk pace, enjoying the breeze and the fresh air. The roads are quiet but for a random tractor idling at the crossroads where it’d been stopped by a race volunteer to let Steve pass, or people walking their dogs on the side of the road.
Then, around the 10-mile mark, something purple, pink and black whips past him. Steve’s left staring at 107’s back, his mouth gaping open, before his brain kicks back online and he speeds up, too.
107 is freakishly fast and focused, and watching his perfect form and powerful thighs makes Steve’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Meet-Cute
But with 100 percent more moose
Fluff and Humor
Swearing
Road Cycling
Bad Puns
Bad Pick-Up Lines
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

