Work Text:
Erik moves into his new apartment in May. It’s a nice, sufficient building situated in Upper West side Manhattan. Sufficient because Erik’s never been a stickler for living in high end apartments with sleek designs and grandly furnished rooms. Besides, every country feels the same. Everywhere is much too overpopulated now, an unnecessary human minefield that frustrates him to no end as he adds himself to the increasing number.
The last city Erik had lived in was Los Angeles. He’d spent most of his days in the office yelling at the impertinent stupidity of his team members and correcting minor mistakes which were barely forgivable considering how basic they were. It wasn’t at all entertaining for him and by the time his contract had ended, he felt as though he had already thrown half his life out the window, his hair taking the brunt of it as it began to grey - and he’s only thirty six years old. It’s not that bad though; only a few visible strands that stand out amongst the rest. He somehow manages to convince himself that he looks sexier rather than a man who already has one leg in the coffin.
Of course, when he received an offer to join NEO Technologies, he jumped straight at it.
He had thought then that things would look up, that his life would somehow stop revolving around humans who got on his nerves and forced him to remind himself that the sentence for homicide isn’t worth getting his hands dirtied.
His first day at work goes as he expects it will. A walk around the building, a brief introduction with the rest of the colleagues, his boss going through every last person’s name while Erik forces a smile for so long he’d probably strained his cheek muscles. By the time the day ends there are names swimming in his head.
Carl…Jason… Marianne… there’s a Kelvin somewhere but he cares not as he slams the apartment door shut, knocking out every last name from the inner most corners of his mind.
“Bloody fucking bullshit,” he curses, dropping his briefcase and flinging his suit jacket onto the couch. There will be no dinner tonight. It’s far too late and he’s too drained to give a damn about the angry rumbling of his stomach.
“Retaliate for all I care, I’m going to bed,” he tells it, noting the thickening of his accent.
A quick shower and ten minutes later, he’s drowning face-first in the softness of his pillow.
Sleep is glorious. Sleep is wonderful and beautiful and it envelopes his entire being, caressing his body and melting the stress away with the softness of fluffy blankets and the warmth it brings with it.
It’s magnificent and luxurious and before Erik knows it, it is already morning. He stirs in bed, eyes snapping wide. Except…
It is still dark. Much darker than morning should be. He cannot even see his fingers. He turns to check the alarm clock and it’s one in the fucking morning.
Not only has he barely slept for two hours, there’s a rhythmic rocking motion he can feel now, something hammering against the walls. Like someone pounding nails into it - hard and fast, and then slowly again before it speeds up.
Erik rubs at his face and groans. It should stop after a moment or so. Some people can be so enthusiastic about decorating their homes. But it doesn’t, and now Erik can hear something mewling in the background. Muffled, but definitely there. He’s not dreaming it, he can’t be. And then it gets louder, and he hears…
“Oh god… oh fucking hell yes… harder, please!”
Erik’s mind kick starts, running at an incredible speed.
What the hell?
He abruptly sits up on the bed, body jerking forward so fast he almost pulls a muscle. He’s seething. He’s trying to sleep. There’s a cat in heat howling one level below his. The entirety of this situation is frustrating to say the least.

“Come on, I’m almost there… oh my god, right there—ah! Oh yes!”

Erik has the strongest urge to stomp downstairs dressed only in his boxers and nothing else, slam his fists against his neighbour’s door and tell the asshole to shut the fuck up.

“Oh Tom… Tom… Tom!”

With each moan his neighbour yells Tom’s name increasingly louder, the flimsy walls of Erik’s apartment shaking, his neighbour’s wanton moans repeating over and over in his head until finally there’s a cracked cry and everything stops.
The silence is almost too much to bear and Erik realizes he’s flushing. He must be, because he’s relatively warmer than when he first woke and he has a nagging feeling his lower half has unwillingly responded to the heated sounds of his neighbour’s love making. He swears under his breath, flops back onto the bed, aggressively tugs the covers over and forces himself to sleep.
***
When the weekends come, Erik gets actual proper rest since having moved in. It’s something he’s grateful for given the amount of work he’s going to be doing.
Working from morning to night, he has blueprints sprawled all over the living room dining table, his coffee mug placed precariously close to the edge, but he knows it will not fall over; he’s not one to be 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Erik is not a Happy Bunny
Erik is emotionally constipated
Charles You Slut
charles is nineteen years old
erik is 30+
Age Difference
Riding
Anal Sex
slight dirty talking
flustered Erik
Erik lives with a promiscuous charles who moans down the building every other night
Erik falls in love
Sort Of
Blow Jobs
Humour
epic sex
bad pick up line
Fluff
Apartment AU
Non-powered AU
Non powered au
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

