Chapter 1: Rearanging Events
    




Chapter Text
Reaper opened his eyes to the familiar sight of the Malibu mansion. He knew that right now Tony Stark was being tortured in Afghanistan by terrorists. He was back, before the manipulators started to spin their webs of lies and deceit.Teleporting to the cave where Stark was being tortured, the Master of Darkness looked at his past self, brunette with brown eyes and hair while Reaper with his long black hair and black/grey eyes and pale as the moon. Such opposites, they were but at the same time they were the same being.Stopping time, Slayer fused with Stark, taking his place. Looking at Yinsen, Reaper waved his hand, erasing his memory and transporting him to a hospital in France, giving him a chance of a new life. Then he fabricated memories in his captors minds of a failed experiment that explained Stark’s new looks. The Master of Darkness then escaped the same way he had a long time ago, with his prototype of a suit. The Destroyer of Worlds had to restrain himself from torturing Rhodes when he first saw him.Traitor, thief, liar. Were some of the worlds that he wanted to say.When he was finally back at the good old U. S. of A, everybody was surprised by his new looks. But they didn’t mention it after he explained the failed experiment. When he arrived at the Malibu Mansion, he heard:“Welcome back Sir.”Slayer took a deep breath and closed his eyes.JARVIS, he missed him, he had grieved him together with his other bots.“It’s good to be back old friend. There is a couple of things you should know.”The Master of Darkness spent the rest of the night and the next day telling JARVIS everything. The mess with Vanko, the New York invasion, the Mandarin, the fall of SHIELD, Ultron, the Civil War and his death at the hands of Captain America. He explained Hell, how he ascended to his position and told JARVIS about the betrayal of SHIELD, the Avengers and Rhodes. He told him, shaking with rage, about the vile things that the supposed ‘good guys’ did to Pepper before killing her, about Happy dying while trying to defend her, the killing of his bots and the enslavement of FRIDAY and Vision. Back then, in his rage, the Slayer, very painfully, exterminated mankind and teared apart the planet. In the end, the Master of Darkness decided to turn back time and be reunited with his love, his true friend and his creations. JARVIS listened to all only interrupting to enquire for a few concepts or events.The Reaper spent the next day upgrading JARVIS and the bots, technologically and magically while starting to create FRIDAY and Vision.“Sir, Miss Potts is requesting access to the mansion” interrupted JARVIS“Let her in, J”The Destroyer of Worlds sucked a breath when he saw her. She was always beautiful, even when SHIELD and the Avengers tortured her, even when she died. But here, now, before SHIELD had manipulated and brainwashed her to suit their plans, she was radiant in an otherworldly way. She was, as cheesy as it is, the light of his being, the reason that made him search and gain his powers and what made him thrive in Hell. He would protect her, torture for her, kill for her and do unspeakable things for her. He was so mesmerized by her that he didn’t notice she was speaking to him.“…Tony? Are you listening to me?” asked Pepper“Pepper...” he saidHe didn’t know what to say, so he moved forward and wrapped his hands around her and holding her tightly.“I can’t imagine what you’ve been through this pasts months. But I’m here. Ok, Tony?”“You have no idea how much those words mean to me.” whispered the Destroyer of Worlds.Pepper looked at him and said:“Mr. Stane told me to say for you to take it easy, to talk to someone. I agreed with him, Tony. This was a traumatic experience, don’t ignore it, please.”The Slayer sighed, he knew that he would have to do this, not talking to a medical professional after Afghanistan had been one of the arguments that Stane used to throw him out; and later by SHIELD to convince the agents that he saved after the organization’s fall to start stealing secrets of SI for the new SHIELD. “I won’t. I promise that I’ll talk to someone.”Afterwards he convinced her to stay and have dinner with him. They made small talk, she told him all the juicy news that he missed and the wild speculations that they have for his survival. It was nice and peaceful. In the end, he escorted her to her car while sneakily casting protection spells on her then watch her go home.“JARVIS hack Stane’s medical file, see if he has some condition like heart defect of something.”After one minute JARVIS answered:“Mr. Stane’s file shows that he suffers from hypertension that makes him susceptible to strokes and heart failure.”Reaper smirked, after ordering JARVIS to make Stane’s condition worse than it is on the file, he located the doctor altered a few memories and went to Stane’ home.
They didn’t call him The Reaper for nothing.
   
Six Months Later
  “… The truth is…” Tony Stark said “I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Everything is AU
Time Travel
Dark Tony Stark
Manipulative Tony Stark
Powerful Tony Stark
Destroying the Avengers
Destroying SHIELD
Revenge
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Avengers bashing
SHIELD bashing
WSC Bashing
Loki wasn't the bad guy in The Avengers
Space Battles
Space Stations
Mars
The Nine Realms
Magic
Magical Artifacts
Dimension Travel
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
News Media
Mind Control
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Destroying WSC

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts

