Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Penis Parker is late again. Flash drums his fingers impatiently on the desk and glowers at his Rolex. Being forced to work on an engineering project with the biggest loser in the school is bad enough but to be stood up by the biggest loser in the school not once but three times is just plain embarrassing. No, not embarrassing, he reminds himself. Annoying. It’s an outrage. And it’s not like he can complain to anyone, because then everyone will know he can’t get Peter to do what he wants anymore. If people find out that the weakest, most pathetic nerd in the school doesn’t respect him anymore, then no one will respect him. He flips a page in the binder he’s made for the project. It’s not like he needs Peter’s help to win the competition anyway. He’s just as smart as Parker. He would have totally won the science fair last year if all the teachers weren’t so obsessed with Peter. Just because a guy has puppy dog eyes and a dead uncle and always gets the answer right when people ask him things, it doesn’t mean his project deserves to beat Flash’s rocket in the science fair. It was just some dumb goop for bandaging wounds up. It was nowhere near as cool as Flash’s tech.
Penis finally arrives just as Flash is about to leave. He’s sweating and the stupid nerd t-shirt he’s wearing is sticking to him. Flash can see it molding to the abs Peter has somehow developed in the last six months. Two of the senior girls who had barely acknowledged Flash’s presence are looking at him sideways and giggling. Peter nearly knocks over a chair in his haste to sit down and shove his stupid backpack under the table. He looks up and sees the girls watching him and goes pink. Flash almost admires how good an actor he is, pretending he doesn’t know why they’re looking. The girls smile and whisper. Flash glowers.
“Sorry,” Peter pants, “Stark internship.”
Flash snorts. “Like you’ve even met him.”
The Stark internship doesn’t exist. Flash knows this because Stark Industries have told him in no uncertain terms that Stark Industries does not take on interns, no matter how many times a student calls. And they certainly don’t let people speak to Mr Stark, regardless of who their father is.
Penis looks uncomfortable and asks about the project instead of responding. Probably because he doesn’t have a Stark Internship and he was actually off doing sit-ups somewhere and meeting his steroid dealer. Flash has seen him in the showers after gym class and there’s no way a fifteen-year-old has a body like that without spending at least five hours a day in the gym. Flash does two-hundred sit-ups every morning before school and he doesn’t have a six-pack.
Peter is crossing something out in the binder. “What are you doing?” Flash exclaims in fury, grabbing the pen.
Peter raises his stupid kicked-puppy eyes and stammers, “The mass, er, cancels out, remember? We have to get the swing right or it won’t work…”
Flash looks at the equation. Damn it. Peter’s right. He glares at Peter. “What are you doing tonight, Penis? Friday night Lego with your bestest friend Ned?” He asks loudly, looking over at the senior girls. They’re looking at Peter again and this time their expressions are a mix of mocking and disgust at how lame he is. Score. “I’m DJ’ing at this really exclusive club. I’ll probably drive there in my Dad’s Audi. Learnt to drive yet?” The girls get up and leave.
“Can we just do the project, Flash?” Peter asks, “I really have to get back to my internship.”
“Yeah, the non-existent internship that’s actually you and your one friend playing with kids toys in your crappy apartment.”
“It is a real internship!” Peter insists, like he’s trying to convince himself it’s not a lie. He checks his phone even though it hasn’t buzzed and looks disappointed when he has no messages.
Flash sneers. “Has Tony Stark seen your Lego Avengers Tower?” He grabs the binder back from Peter. “Thanks for wasting my time. Next time show up on time or I’ll tell Mr Harrington and you’ll get thrown out of Robotics club.” Maybe if Peter gets thrown out of Robotics club, Flash’s Speedster robot will finally be champion.
Peter goes off to do some more sit-ups or secretly study so he can embarrass Flash in class some more, or whatever else he does when he’s pretending to have an internship with Tony Stark. Flash drives home in his Dad’s Audi, eats the meal the housekeeper made, and sits alone in his room assembling his Lego Death Star.
 
Peter turns up to the next meeting on time and spends the whole time twitching in his seat and checking his phone. “Oh, Tony Stark still hasn’t called you?” Flash asks. “Probably because he doesn’t know you exist.”
Flash tries to get Mr Harrington to kick Peter out of Robotics club. They’re not allowed to do extra-curricular activities if it interferes with their schoolwork. Unfortunately, Mr Harrington can’t do anything, because Peter’s still top of Chemistry, Physics and Mechanical Engineering, despite the fact that he’s away hal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
POV Outsider
POV Flash Thompson
Bullying
villains are people too
Secret Identity
envy - Freeform
Jealousy
Kidnapping

fandom: 
None
