Work Text:

 

Peter was dying.  And he should know what dying feels like because he was super close to it when that building collapsed on him during his fight with The Vulture two weeks ago.  His vision had gone completely dark.  He couldn’t breathe.  His ribcage was about to snap right through his lungs.  It felt like that one day he’d decided to wear his binder under his spider-suit.  No, it felt like an entire concrete building had fallen on him again and he was going to die.

How had this happened?  One second, he’d been swinging through the air, shooting webs at Clash; the next, he’d miscalculated his web shot and had hit the ground, hard.  That’s when everything had gone dark.

Everything felt like a bad dream.  This couldn’t be happening.  Come on, Peter, breathe, goddamnit! Peter felt his eyes well up with tears.  He was so weak.  He was so fucking weak.  What was wrong with his chest?  Why couldn’t he move?  Had something fallen on him without him noticing?  Why was he—

Oh God.  A loud noise like metal scraping on metal suddenly screeched above him.  A cold flash shuddered through his body.  He was going to die.  He was—

And then he passed out.

 

 

 

When Peter woke up, he was still in the darkness.  No, that wasn’t quite right.  He could sort of make out shapes above and around him.  There was a source of light that seemed to be coming from his left.  Peter turned his head and squinted his eyes.  Man, that was a bright neon advertisement just outside the window to this room.

Wait a second.

Peter brought a hand up to his face.  No mask.  Shit.

He jolted upright into a sitting position, causing a throbbing feeling to shoot through his side. 

“Ow!” he exclaimed, clutching his side, and trying to stand up, despite his head rush.  He looked around at his surroundings: it seemed to be someone’s living room.  What kind of supervillain kept their kidnappees in their fucking living room?  And on a nice leather couch, no less?

“Hey,” said a voice from the other side of the room.  “I wouldn’t move that much if I were you.”

Peter spun around.

The speaker was a man in what looked to be a business suit and sunglasses standing in the corner of the room.  Peter wondered if this guy was some sort of bodyguard for the real supervillain, but then he saw the cane the guy was holding. 

Well, that explained the darkness.

“Where am I?” Peter asked, apprehensively.

“You’re in my living room,” the guy said, not moving from where he was standing.  “I found you passed out outside my apartment and I didn’t know if you had health insurance so I brought you here to patch you up.”

Peter narrowed his eyes.

“And who are you?” he demanded.

“My name’s Matt Murdock,” the man said with a pleasant smile.  He moved forward to shake Peter’s hand.  Peter hesitated, looking down at his own hand, which was still covered by his spider-suit, before shaking Mr Murdock’s.

“That’s one funky outfit you’ve got on, kiddo,” Mr Murdock said, still smiling.

Peter blinked. 

He scrutinised Mr Murdock’s face for a sense of malice or even wry humour.  But the guy just kept smiling goofily.

“Yeah,” Peter said, slowly, letting go of Mr Murdock’s hand.  “I was just, uh, practicing my gymnastics routine in the area.”

“Really?” Mr Murdock asked, raising his eyebrows.  “Because it sounded like you were having a panic attack in a dumpster.”

A dumpster?  Seriously?  God, that’s embarrassing.  He really needed to work on the whole... not-doing-that thing.

“It was pretty worrying,” Mr Murdock continued.  “You passed out the moment I tried opening the lid.”

“Yeah, well,” Peter said, uncomfortably, not wanting to delve deeply into his emotional issues right now.  “I guess I must have fallen weirdly.”

 “You’ve messed up your ribs pretty badly,” Mr Murdock said.  “But I didn’t want to mess around while you were unconscious.  Also, I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t have been able to find the zipper to that thing anyway.”

“Oh,” Peter said.  “Thanks, but it’s really unnecessary.  And I’d better be going now, bye!”

And he turned to go, which caused a spike of pain in his ribs so intense that he squealed and immediately fell back down on the couch.

“My old man was a boxer,” Mr Murdock said, apparently unfazed by Peter’s humiliating squeaks.  “I know a fractured rib when I hear one.”

“You can hear my ribs?” Peter asked, incredulously.

“No,” Mr Murdock said.  “But I did hear that squeal of pain as you turned.”

Peter scowled.

“I can call an ambulance if you’d like,” Mr Murdock offered.

“No!” Peter said, quickly.  “You were right.  I, uh, don’t have health insurance.”

“Then, will you let me fix you up?” Mr Murdock asked.  “I don’t want you actually breaking your ribs by accident.  Especially if you’re a gymnast.”

“Right,” Peter said.  How long did fractured ribs usually take to heal?  And how long would his fractured ribs take?  But he couldn’t let Mr Murdock know about his advanced healing capabilities.

“I’ll go get my first aid kit,” Mr Murdoc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Panic Attacks
Friendship
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Character
Post-Canon
Matt Murdock is a Good Bro
vaguely humorous i guess?
i just really love daredevil and spider-man's friendship ok

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

