Work Text:
Peter felt good. He was back on track with his classes, his grades were good, he was on better terms with Happy, he'd also had a talk with May last night and she wasn't happy, but she wasn't going to stop him either. He wasn't grounded anymore (and honestly it was a lot easier not hiding his secret identity at home or with Ned). Of course, Michelle looked suspicious sometimes but she never bothered him about it even though they were better friends now, and that was fine with him. He really sucked at this secret identity thing.He went out and saw Happy waiting outside. He frowned a little, wondering if he'd done something, but --"Don't look so worried, the Boss just wanted to have a word with you.""Mr. Stark is here?" Peter was shocked. He talked to him directly a lot more these days than he used to, but it's still quite overwhelming. He talks to Tony Stark on a regular basis. "Is something wrong?""Not that I know of," he shrugged.Peter got into the car and saw that he wasn't alone, there was also War Machine (!!!) -- Colonel James Rhodes -- inside."Whoa. I mean, wow, no uhh, I mean, it's great to see you, Colonel Rhodes, huge fan."Way to go, Pete, he thought. Ugh. I wish Mr. Stark would drop a warning or at least Happy could. I wouldn't come across as such a bumbling, uncool fan if I'd get a little warning. Hopefully.Colonel Rhodes didn't seem to mind, though. He smirked and said, "Yeah, I like this kid, Tones."Tony, who for some reason had looked at him a little weirdly first, now rolled his eyes. "Of course you do. Anyway, just came here to drop off your suit.""My suit? Oh, right. Yeah, uh thanks a l-""Yeah, yeah, it was on the way, no big deal. I made some minor upgrades by the way, so let me know if it's all fine or needs some fixing or something.""Yeah, of course, thanks a lot --"He gave his usual report, and Peter was thinking how he was glad to have finally moved past his uncool, overexcited fan behaviour around Mr. Stark, when just before he left, Mr. Stark said, "Nice shirt, by the way."Peter blinked, looked down, at turned a brilliant shade of red that matched his t-shirt.It had Tony Stark's face printed in yellow with the words, "What Would Tony Stark Do?" on it.He opened his mouth and tried to think of something that would make him look better but he came up blank.Thankfully, he didn't say anything else about it and left, but Peter felt worse than the time he'd slipped and dropped his chocolate shake on his clothes in front of both Liz and Flash. This was the worst situation ever. He'd never be able to face Mr. Stark again. Shit, shit, shit! No wonder Mr. Stark had given him that weird look at the beginning. To think he'd been careful enough to avoid wearing his Iron Man shirts for so long just in case Mr. Stark saw them, and lucky enough to not have his Iron Man merchandise outside the day Tony Stark had unexpectedly dropped in for a visit, and then to wear the most embarrassing one today! Maybe he could die soon and never have to face him again, there couldn't possibly be anything more painful than this. The last thing he wanted to do was share his humiliation with anyone but May could tell something was bothering him the moment he walked in the door, and not wanting to go back into her bad books, he said, "I met Tony Stark today."Aunt May narrowed her eyes, "So? Did he say something? I'll have a word with him if he did, you've done more than enough --""No, no, he was fine, said I was doing good, fixed my suit and stuff... Look at what I'm wearing."May looked and burst out laughing."Yeah, great, exactly what I need," Peter mumbled and buried his face in his hands."Oh come on, what did he say about the shirt? Couldn't have been that bad.""Of course it was! This is the stupidest thing ever! Ughh. I didn't even realize I was wearing this until I got off the car and he said, 'nice shirt'. I mean, of all the Iron Man shirts I could have worn I had to wear this one today. I'll never be able to face him after this," he groaned.May ruffled his hair, "You're really over-reacting you know, he was probably flattered."Peter snorted, "Yeah, right."   A few weeks later, Peter had to meet Tony to discuss some ideas he had for the suit. Happy met him outside."What's got you so worried? You stopped being this nervous around him a long time ago.""I'm not... I just, uh, do you think it kinda creeped him out? That shirt I was wearing last time?"Happy just looked confused. "Why would anything you wear creep him out --- Oh, wait, you were wearing a T-""Yeah, yeah, that, is it going to be very weird?" Peter was almost bouncing with nervous energy and that made Happy roll his eyes."Calm down, kid, no it didn't creep him out, he didn't say much about it. Now go in, he's waiting for you.""Right, okay," Peter said, but he wasn't very convinced. 'Didn't say much' implied he said something about it after all.He took a deep breath. Right, Tony Stark is a busy man and doesn't have time to think about my t-shirts. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
peter parker is a tony stark fan
when i say fan i mean he wears iron man tshirts
and has iron man masks and stuff
all the merchandise
he's basically the founder of the tony stark fan club
but he tries to play cool
Dad!Tony
Son!Peter
kind of
Fluff
tony stark is a dad
Family Fluff
Team as Family
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Precious Peter Parker
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

