Work Text:
Clint met his first obeisant in the circus.  Back then, the government hadn't been so picky about to whom it gave an affixation contract.  The ones he knew in the circus—Trevor, the illusionist, and Danya, who rode the horses—were working off debt.  Carson bought up Trevor's debt and had his lead barker take Danya's.There were rules about what a principal could do to his or her obeisant, but the only time they were enforced was when the principal was caught doing something else, like embezzling, and the crime of obeisant-abuse could be heaped on the list of charges.Clint had hidden, watching Danya go through the garbage for something to eat, once.  He would have given her food, but he'd already stolen what little he could find on people's plates after dinner.  Danya was fed, he knew, but just enough to keep her performing.  Her skin was always tinged pale yellow, her bones too sharp.  And on travel days, Clint often saw her walking with a limp that reminded him of his mother.Clint never saw Trevor.  Carson kept him locked up and away from everyone until the night he managed to sneak in a couple of paper clips, pick the lock, and jump from the moving train.  Clint can't imagine he survived the jump, but he likes to imagine he did and hid away safely, never caught.Clint wasn't in the circus anymore when the laws changed, the product of society's hue and cry about slavery, largely over a series of very publicized cases of principals torturing obeisants to death.  That was when the government redrafted the Affixation and Alliance Act, creating more stringent rules for who could be put into an obeisant position (read: very bad people with very desired skills) and who could serve as principals.  In most cases, that narrowed down to highly-placed officials or armed forces commanders.  Things quieted down, since there was no use getting worked up over murderers and rapists being put into a position where repeated abuse of all forms was a serious daily possibility.  Oh, the ACLU and some other "radical" organizations still tried fighting it, but the average Joe was willing to let it lie.

*
Clint's in Abu Dabi when the army tries to affix him.  He's just finished a job he had pretty deep doubts about, but was in no position to turn down.  He has a couple of rivals gunning for him, along with a few people he has turned down.  He's low on food and supplies and just about everything, really.So, of course, his exit strategy on the kill goes wrong and he ends up dealing with pissed off bodyguards.  By the time he makes it to his hidey-hole, his left arm has a gash down the bicep and he's pretty sure two of his ribs were broken.  He's not pleased to find Sergeant So-and-So there, with an affixation "offer."Clint breaks a few more ribs and a finger while getting away.  He considers it totally worth it.

*
He gets food poisoning in Belfast from dumpster diving.  It's not the first time, and Clint doubts it will be the last.  He spends twenty-four hours in his nest, because it's the only place he knows neither the law nor the mark will find him.  It's arguably the grossest thing he's ever done.He does the job going into hour twenty-six, packs up, and falls down about four flights of stairs trying to get to street level.He's damn lucky the mark was on his own, because if there'd been back up, he'd be toast.  He finds the nearest cheap inn and gives up the last of what he's been living on.  The other half of the payment for the job will be due upon check in and proof of death.   That'll keep him in decent shape for a while, but he's aware he needs to be taking more jobs than he is.Clint's just tired.  In the last eighteen months, he's had to rob a hospital three times, and had to actually risk being in one twice.  Most jobs go fine, but if one out of every ten goes to shit, and Clint's doing eight to nine a month, depending on if he can double up, well.  Half the time it's not even getting caught that's the problem, so much as weather that fucks with his nest, or something like this time, with the food poisoning.  Clint had been taken once in the last year, though, and even if he'd gotten free and happily taken a contract on everyone who'd had him tied down and helpless, it had sucked.  A lot.  Clint shied away from memories that were all too close to childhood of having nowhere to go and nobody to turn to and knowing nothing but pain.He misses Barney.  He doesn't allow himself to admit it, cuts the thought off with the same precision he uses in shooting.  But it was nice, having someone else to…having someone else.  Clint goes to a bar when he feels well enough, picks up a twink who's no threat, but not much of a thrill, either.  For a couple of hours, though, there's skin against his, and it's been a long, long time since that happened outside of applying force or pain.He sneaks out as soon as the kid's asleep.  There's a text on his cell about a job.  He'll probably take it.

*
Clint is back in a low-on-cash phase
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Forced Marriage
Canon-Typical Violence
Medical Procedures
Past Child Abuse

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

