Chapter 1: Mr. and Mrs. Rogers
    




Chapter Text
Goddamn shower, that's all Quinn wants at this point and pretty much has been since the second her plane landed back in D.C. There's so much shit on her suit and, honestly, she doesn't know what most of the crud is and isn't sure she really wants to know. There is some blood on it—that much she's sure about. There's always blood on her these days, it seems. Anyway, she definitely needs to scrap the uniform, put in a request for a new one when she reports in tomorrow which she'll have to do. She won't be able to skip out on this debrief. As leader of the team, she has to talk about this latest mission-slash-shit-storm. Maybe she could pull rank and make Rumlow handle the report and debrief. An excellent soldier he may be, but she thinks he's a real prick and she hates the way he stares after Steve—and her, if she's honest about it, but she's used to men and their leers by now. The point is that he's, as the kids put it these days, a creeper. A quick peek at her cell phone tells her that it's almost one in the morning when she finally makes it back home to the apartment. Before she does open the door, she makes sure to toe off her heavy boots as quietly as possible and lean down to pick them up. She hopes that'll help her sneak inside more effectively. Two years since he woke up from the ice and Steve doesn't sleep near as much as he should, super solider or not. Whenever she does try to call him out on the distinct lack of sleep, he tends to brush her off and say that it's the doctor in her that talks that way and worries too much, but no, it's actually the person that loves him who fusses about his health. Still, she tries her hardest to be patient with him. Lord knows that she isn't the easiest to deal with, either—especially when it comes to her own physical or mental health. Live the kind of lives they do and a person is bound to have a problem or two. So, with that said, it isn't much of a surprise when she sneaks inside their apartment and Steve's stretched out on the couch, a book in hand. She's not too upset about it because she can tell he's at least tried to fall back asleep since he has a blanket thrown over him and reads paper rather than stare at a tablet—because electronics make it harder to fall asleep and that's science, not some forties fear of the future or whatever else Tony has said in some attempt to debunk the fact and therefore not have to mind it any attention. As she drops her duffel at the door, Steve looks up at her and smiles warmly and…Jesus. Yeah, okay, she doesn't think she'll ever truly be used to the fact that she has someone to come home to now. She has actually tried to explain it to him, but she's not sure he can understand because it's so hard to put it in words. Every time, without fail, it puts her on cloud nine to walk in the door and see him there. "You, my dear husband, are supposed to be asleep," Quinn chides but there's a little smile on her face now, too. She strides over to stand next to the couch and lean down to kiss his forehead, but he tilts his head up so their lips meet instead. "Sweetheart," she breathes out and it's hard not to straddle him then and there on the couch, dirty uniform be damned. He doesn't even have to put in much effort at all to leave her breathless these days. Maybe she's started to turn a little sentimental in her nineties. "I missed you." Steve huffs a little in amusement, smiles a little wider, and then reaches up to tuck a piece of hair behind her ear. "Nat texted me when your plane landed. She said there was some trouble on your mission, but she wouldn't tell me anymore about it. It was hard to sleep after that," he explains. Then, he leans back and his eyes slide up and down her body, in a critical way, not a sexy one—as if that'll actually solve the riddle of what happened on her mission. Nat's a little tattle-tale and loves to make Quinn squirm, so she rats her out to Steve whenever there's some kind of problem. "What happened?" Quinn makes a noise in the back of her throat. "Y'know, Nat wasn't even with me on this one. How's she find out about this shit so fast, huh?" Not even Clint was with Quinn and she doesn't think Nat particularly likes anyone on their team other than Quinn and Steve, so it wasn't like Nat would up and talk with them out of the blue. Or maybe she would. Quinn doesn't know, so whatever. She decides to let it be. Nat is Nat, after all. "Look, let me take a shower and I'll decide in there if I wanna tell you 'bout it or not." "Quinn," he tuts but doesn't sound too heated up or upset about it. He's learned not to push her to talk about the shit she really doesn't want to. Of course, it could be because he doesn't want to talk about emotions these days any more than she does. There used to be a time, way back when, that he'd poke and prod until she spilled the beans, but it's not like that no more. Who knew she'd actually miss those times? "Hey," he curls his h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Original Female Character/Original Female Character
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Polyamory
Old Married Couple
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Vaginal Sex
Blow Jobs
Cunnilingus
Vaginal Fingering
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Brainwashing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Brainwashing
Nightmares
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmates
SHIELD
Hydra (Marvel)
Dissociation
Dirty Talk
Implied/Referenced Sexual Harassment
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Conspiracy Theories
Canon-Typical Violence
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Suicidal Thoughts
Rough Sex
Choking
Hurt/Comfort
Avengers Family
Past Torture
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Protective Avengers
Phone Sex
Daddy Kink
Breeding Kink
Kink Discovery
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Cock Warming
Pegging
Light Dom/sub
Rimming
Sub Steve Rogers
Dom Bucky Barnes
Switch Quinn Hayden
Sex Toys
69 (Sex Position)
Spanking
Rough Oral Sex
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Mutual Pining
Threesome - F/M/M
Spitroasting
Idiots in Love
Double Penetration
Past Rape/Non-con
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Rape Recovery
Healing
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Victim Blaming
Public Sex
Drunken Shenanigans
Drunk Sex
Jewish Wanda Maximoff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Original Female Character/Original Female Character
Jane Foster/Thor

