Chapter 1: One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
When the headlines hit, Tony, quite literally, vomits.
  Iron Man, secret husband to the New King.   
Although Tony can probably blame the street burrito he had picked up on the way to the office the night before, the headline does a rather spectacular job of getting his stomach in knots, a fine addition to the magnificent headache he already has from the binge-rage drinking he had subjected himself to the night before. He can’t even remember the reason why he had done that, except that his soldering gun had done a fantastic job in pissing him off; the darn thing wouldn’t hold still in his hands and goddamn if Tony is going to acknowledge the fact that the quakes and shakes that are like chills buried so deep into his bones had not left him since Siberia. No-siree, the soldering gun had been faulty; he had a sneaking suspicion that his bots might have jostled something while handling it during a clean-up.He remembers throwing the stupid thing across the room, remembers starting a mini fire of sorts that Dum-E had taken care of - it's somewhere between the clouds of monoammonium phosphate settling and Tony giving up in dusting the white residue off his hair that his old bestie Jack Daniels and Captain Morgan decides that they were better company than the upgrades Tony had been working on, anyway.Honestly, Tony didn't mean to throw up at the photo of him and the soon-to-be-crowned-King.In fairness, the burrito is also to blame.The vomiting comes out wretched, wet and chunky, like acid that reminds Tony of the sourness of really old batteries -- it’s a miracle that Pepper does not turn on her heels and walk the other way. Tony swears he sees stars when he thinks he’s done regurgitating. He takes one look at the cheaply photo-shopped image of himself and the fucking King of Wakanda on the trashy tabloid one more time – and nope. Apparently his body still had more give. Well, like they say, better out than in.“You know, he’s not that hard on the eyes. You can’t be that disgusted,” Pepper says dryly, holding out a box of tissues towards Tony with lovely, perfect French manicured fingers, her button nose wrinkling. The smell is quite atrocious.Tony holds up a visibly quaking finger towards Pepper to give him a minute to get his shit together, as he tries to wrap up the entire vomiting-my-entire-digestive-tract thing done and over with. He hears Pepper call the cleaning staff, and asks one of the pantry attendees to bring in some tea and some other crap that Tony knows is going to do jack in getting rid of his hangover. But well, Pepper wouldn't be Pepper if she didn't do these things.“That is a vicious lie,” Tony manages to croak, as he presses his head against the edge of his office desk, the cool glass a comforting sensation against the clammy skin of forehead, as he sucks in vomit-scented air before he finds some measure of bravery to sit straighter, leaning his head back. It would seem his digestive tract will live to see another day. “If I were married into royalty, trust me, I’d remember. Do we still have Yoh in legal?”“The shark? Yes,” Pepper confirms, glancing at the tabloid cover. “Tony—““Can I borrow her? I want them in shreds. No, I want them in glorious, fine-as-sand little particles,” Tony says tiredly if not a little vindictively, a little breathless as he fists and releases his left hand a couple of times. “I want them begging for mercy. Stock market will plummet with that published farce. You, as CEO, do not want that. Yoh and her team handle it.”Pepper doesn’t move to agree immediately, green eyes flickering over the newspaper she had unceremoniously slammed down on his desk in a fit of outrage and irritation just minutes ago. “I’ll let her know. Clean up, Tony. We’ve got a press conference in an hour and Happy should be here with the kid soon.” Pepper picks up her purse and then pauses. “What if it’s true?”“What is true?”“The marriage."“Oh come on! You’re looking at the guy with commitment issues; you know that,” Tony bites, a little rough around the edges, sprinkled with a little bitterness, and maybe, he almost feels just a tinsy-weensy-bit guilty when something crosses Pepper’s features. “It isn’t true because – seriously, Pep. The King of Wakanda? They're no fans of the Starks."Tony picks up the newspaper and flips a few pages to the main article, eyes scanning words upon horrid words of lies, until he reaches the part about the wedding date and location. That is where Tony visibly, if anything, hesitates, and all the hairs at the back of his neck stands on edge.Tony can count on literally, one finger, the amount of times he doesn’t remember much of what had transpired. It had been late winter, on January 28, 1992, a little after Jarvis had been put in the ground. If Tony is being honest with himself, every party after that date had been the best series of parties he had ever been a par
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Prince T'Challa (Marvel)
Eventual Relationships
References to Depression
Drama & Romance
Eventual Romance
Awkward Romance
Divorce
What Was I Thinking?
What Have I Done
Magic
Mysticism
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Aged-Up Character(s)
Tony Stark Is Younger
Hallucinations
Trauma
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Fist Fights
Blood
Disturbing Themes
Blood and Violence
Violence
Self-Hatred
Not Black Panther Compliant
Extremis Tony Stark
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Cultural Differences
Traditions
Modern Royalty
Fictional Religion & Theology

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

