Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Somebody kill me.
Tony groaned into what was probably a pillow. His body hurt everywhere, shoulders stiff and back screaming in hellish pain. For a brief moment, it felt like those times in Afghanistan, where he had all but a nice and dusty floor to sleep on, but the warm leg twisted over his accompanied by soft snoring rushed the panic away before it could even peek out."Friday, remind me why I made the terrible decision of sleeping on this horrid couch," he grumbled. His joints screeched at him as he sat up. I. Am. Old."Because you and Mr. Parker decided to play Mario Kart at 11:07 pm and fell asleep at 3:42 am, right before your character was thrown off Rainbow Bridge."
Oh, right.
“Wait, what? He threw me off?” Tony glared at the kid sprawled out on the narrow end of the orange couch. “Little shit. I picked Yoshi and he got jealous.”“I told you to choose the purple one.”“What the everloving—”Tony shifted his glare over the back of the couch. Loki’s returning stare was of amusement.“Jesus, that’s it! I’m gonna buy you a bell,” Tony stated. He gently lifted Peter’s scrawny leg from his knee and stretched – ow pain, ow pain, said his muscles – before getting off the couch. His gaming remote tumbled to the floor. “And you wanted me to pick Waluigi. Waluigi. Friendship revoked.”Loki huffed, stabbing at his half-frozen waffles. He was still trying to figure out how some things were supposed to be food and seemed pretty keen on getting to understand. Even if sometimes it made him beyond irritated. He did not understand toast, for example. Or tacos. Or cheesecake. Or cookies. Or pop-tarts, definitely not pop-tarts, which had made for entertaining debates with Thor.Tony snorted at his bemused expression. “Just pour some milk and granola on a bowl before you give yourself an aneurysm.”“Your ‘milk’ is foul.”“Oh great, another one who thinks milk is murder. You gonna tell me the Earth is flat, too?”“What? Quit speaking nonsense, Man of Iron.”“You already working on your anti-vaccination petitions?”Tony felt more than saw Bruce opening the fridge behind him, probably to dig out the eggs and the milk in question. He always made pancakes for breakfast when he was around in the mornings. Speaking of which…“Friday, give me hours.”“8:50 in the morning, boss.”
Cripes.
Vision’s hand suddenly stretched out to grab Loki’s uneaten plate of (mashed) waffles and started to bring out pots and pans to help with breakfast. Water was already boiling on the stove and Tony could bet that was Bruce’s tea.“I think what Loki means is that he doesn’t really like milk,” Bruce said.“Sacrilege.” Loki’s eye-roll was so damn near perfect, Tony envied it. He turned to the living room. “Up and at it, Spidey. You’re late for school. Don’t want Aunt May on my ass again.”There was a low, dragged out groan from the occupied couch, a flash of feet – one with the sock on and the other in a sneaker – and Peter was up. Tired and disoriented, but still up. Maskless, even. Took him a while, but he’d finally decided at least some of the Avengers should know who he was in case of emergency. And what better half of the Avengers than the ones that were legal?Discounting Loki, but Loki... was Loki.“I was under the idea that schools closed during weekends,” Vision mused, closing a cabinet.Bruce smiled at him when Tony raised an eyebrow, that exasperated yet fond smile he had really missed. “Tony, it’s Saturday.”“Oh. Is it?”“Yes, boss.”
Damn, I am really off track.
“False alarm, kid. Go to your room, catch some Z's. Or would you rather I drive you back home? I’m sure May will want to check up on you.”Peter yawned in response and sat on his self-claimed bar stool. It was his favorite spot in the kitchen, for some reason. Did a lot of homework there, listening to Tony and Bruce’s heated science arguments. Tony supposed it was because of the vents’ entrance right over it. Easy access to a tall, dark place and whatnot. Freaking spiders and their spider-lings.It also reminded him of someone who had a bad habit of sneaking around in vents and he didn’t know how to feel about that.“Nah, I’m good, Mr. Stark. I wanna be awake for… you know.”Tony watched him rub his eyes, and for a brief moment, was reminded of how young he was. “For what? Adventure Time reruns?”All noise in the kitchen stopped at his words. Even Loki wasn’t unperturbed.“Uh, no…?” Peter frowned at him. “Mr. Stark, you do know what day today is, right?”“Is it your birthday? Shit I thought I had that memorized already—”“It’s the fourteenth,” Bruce enlightened. He kept cracking the eggs, but his tone was clipped.Vision didn’t look much better. “Today, the once fugitive team of former Avengers returns to the country, in order to sign the renewed Accords.”Shit. Shit.   Rain poured outside when Team Iron Man (plus the Hulk, Thor and Loki) were ready and assembled in the common room of the Avengers facility. The TV was on, switched to some news channel, a weatherman describing the exa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
or suggestions of it
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark-centric
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker is an Avenger
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is a Good Son
Tony Stark & Peter Parker father-son relationship
I'm assuming Peter turned 16 by the time Team Cap returned
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff can suck a dick
At the moment
actually Team Cap can suck a dick
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Loki Redemption
Loki Will Help in Infinity War
as opposed to the trailer ffs
Poor Thor (Marvel)
Natasha Romanov fucked up
Wanda Maximoff bashing
SHUT UP CLINT
clint barton is a dick
I'm mad at him
I JUST FUCKING NEEDED TO WRITE THIS
Mario Kart
Sort Of
except Bucky
Bucky's a precious cinnamon roll
If I write more I'd make him apologise but
oh hey I did write more and made him apologize
I guess this counts as an official AU now
SO
Infinity War AU
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)

fandom: 
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
or suggestions of it
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner

