Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Friday, turn up my tunes!" Tony shouted to the ceiling as he worked on Clint's new arrows. Regardless to Tony's wishes, Friday turned his "tunes" down more. "Sir, Mr. Parker is requesting access to the lab." "Yep, let him in." Tony replied, going back to the arrows. Tony heard the swoosh of the lab doors open and close. "Pete, come here, wanna show you something!" He called out. A couple of seconds later, Tony realized Peter hadn't come over to him.  "Peter?" He called out curiously. "T-Tony?" Tony turned around to see Peter leaning up against a table. "Hey. Finished your new webs this morning, so if you want to give that a go-" As Peter came closer to Tony, he saw that the kid was trembling. "Tony.... I'm sorry." Peter whispered. "I'm so sorry, I didn't m-mean to." "What happened? Did someone do something?" Tony couldn't stop concern from seeping into his voice as he put his hands on Peter's shoulders, trying to get Peter to look at him.  Tony felt his heart speed up, his anxiety kicking in. He had seen Peter cry before, but only once. Peter had gotten shot in his shoulder and he had come to the tower for Tony to help him, but because of his weird spider metabolism, he couldn't take any anastasia or pain killers or anything to knock him out. Tony had to under go surgery on the poor kid with no medicine at all in his system at all.  Peter crying was truly a heartbreaking sight. When he cried while Tony safely extracted the bullet from his body, he made these terrible, heart wrenching whimpers and cries. Peter laid on the hard, cold metal table, tears streaming down his cheeks, eyes closed. But then, Peter opened his big, brown puppy eyes. And it was the worst sight Tony had ever seen. And now, here they were, Peter trembling into Tony's arms, whispering out apologies every three seconds. "Hey. Hey, look at me," Tony said firmly. "I need you to tell me what happened. It's okay, I'm not mad, just tell me." Peter stuttered outa shrill, "I'm sorry," before slowly pulling up the sleeve of his over sized hoodie. Blood was oozing out of many, small 1-4 inch horizontal and vertical cuts that ran all down his arms. Tony gasped, immediately grabbing Peter's wrists.  "Peter....did," Tony hesitated. "Did you do this?" He whispered. "I-I didn't mean to-" Peter whimpered. Tony took that as a yes. 'Oh God. Shit, holy fucking shit.' Tony was screaming inside his head. 'How fucking long has he been cutting himself? Is he depressed? Is he suicidal? Maybe not, he came to me for help. Said he didn't mean to. What the fuck?' Silently, Tony firmly pulled Peter by his skinny, cut covered wrists over to a sink that was tucked away in a corner of the lab. Peter could tell Tony didn't use this sink often by the way the cold water knob squeaked as Tony turned it. Peter flinched as Tony pressed water into the cuts, trying to clean them out.  When Tony had finished cleaning Peter's cuts with water, he bent down and took a travel sized first-aid kit out, placing it one the counter and opening it up. Peter couldn't help the tears that were flowing down his cheeks. "I'm so sorry Tony. I d-didn't mean t-to. I'm sorry-" "Let me finish this, okay? We'll talk after." Tony said a bit too harshly, and Peter nodded, then dropped his gaze to the floor. Tony glanced at the kid. His lips were slightly quivering, he was on the verge of hyperventilating, and tears were just streaming out of his big puppy eyes. Tony instantly softened. "Hey, Bud, I'm not mad, okay? I just don't want you to bleed too much, and you'll be in a world of hurt if these get infected. I'm just gonna put some cream and disinfectant on your arms, wrap them up, and then I'll make us coffee, and we can talk about this." Tony shocked himself with the tone of his voice. Where had that come from? Never in his whole life had Tony heard himself sound so soft and gentle. Tony's kind, gentle voice seemed to work, as Peter nodded and his body -despite the shaking- relaxed and became a bit less tense.  'Good,' Tony thought to himself, 'Just use that tone with him and he'll be calm soon.' Reaching into the small first-aid kit, Tony looked at Peter saying, "This will sting a bit," before a pulled out the disinfectant spray, which was basically rubbing alcohol in a spray bottle, and quickly spraying Peter's arms.  Peter winced as Tony tucked the disinfectant back into the mini kit, seconds later pulling out bandages and special healing cream.  Popping the lid open to the healing cream, Tony worked fast. He took Peter's arms in his hands, evenly spreading the cream out to cover all on the cuts.  ((A/N: I am by no means a doctor or nurse. I haven't the slightest clue as how to take care of these wounds, or to what is what in the vast world of medical supplies, I'm so sorry if I'm confusing people, basically, Tony bandages Peter's arms.)) Next was the bandages. Tony took Peter's arm, slowly wrapping the spongy cloth around his arm. When he finished, Tony took a slive
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter
Hurt Peter Parker
Scared Peter
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

