Work Text:
High school was full of idiots. The thing about being mute was that most people assumed you were also deaf. And when they thought you were deaf they also assumed that it was enough for them to speak really loudly and slowly in order for you to hear them. Idiots, right?Peter could hear just fine, considering the amount of close-distance yelling he had to endure daily. He would have thought that ever-present earphones would be a dead giveaway of his unimpaired hearing, but no. Most people in his school treated him like a deaf-mute retard.Not that he wasn’t used to it. As completely infuriating as it was, he’d grown immune. Or, you know, as immune as you can get to hearing sniggers and insults people assumed you couldn’t hear as you passed them by. Hence the earphones.Which were currently ripped out of his ears and replaced by a warm fan of breath and a gravelly voice. “I love the way your ass looks in those pants.”Peter closed his eyes and smiled, letting himself fall back against a solid chest. Wade. Peter’s sort of boyfriend. Sort of being the key phrase, because they never did any boyfriend stuff like have sex or kiss or even go on dates. They just hang out with Peter’s aunt and touched a lot – hugged and cuddled and just… touched. You know… normally. Not really boyfriendly but Wade had insisted on calling himself that.“I’m a boy, I’m a friend, what more do you want?” Well, maybe an occasional blowjob for starters? “Plus, it keeps crazy stalkers off your back. We’re saving you for marriage and you’re too impressionable to defend your honor by yourself. You trust too easily. And we both know all too well no one would hear you scream. Get it? Cause-”Wade’s hands on his shoulders, kneading firmly but gently, brought Peter back to the present and shattered the memory of Wade’s face getting personally acquainted with Peter’s physics book. Ugh, back rubs; he could stay a virgin for the rest of his life for those. In moments like that he was grateful for not being able to speak lest those words would slip out of his mouth and Wade would take them seriously.Peter really had no idea why the never… did anything but no matter how frustrated he might have been he never denied Wade his space. He had hope and an unprecedented with a teenage boy patience. Plus, the back rubs and an unlimited access to cuddles. He even got an occasional ass-squeeze if he was lucky. Being Wade’s sort of boyfriend wasn’t at all that bad.He opened his locker to fish out his phone when he caught a glimpse of Wade scowling with dismay at his own reflection in the small mirror in the door and pulling his hood further down his forehead. Right. Wade wasn’t exactly what you would call a conventional beauty. Or any beauty at all, for that matter. His entire skin was marred with ugly and painful-looking scars which had most people gag and shout obscenities at worst, startle and gape unashamedly at best.Peter didn’t see what the big deal was to be honest. Really, he had a more violent reaction to some of his morning zits than to Wade the first time he’d seen him. He suspected the fact that his aunt, who was a nurse and had been often forced to bring Peter to the hospital with her after his uncle had passed away, had a lot to do with his tolerance for all kinds of non-standard appearance. He’d seen it all, from accidents to cancer, and she had made sure he would never see those people as different or worse. After all, he was scarred too, in a way.He turned around and grabbed Wade’s face with both his hands, squishing it and molding it in weird and ridiculous shapes, scrunching up his nose all the while to convey just how much he didn’t appreciate Wade’s sulking.“Oh, don’t even start with me. Just because you’re blind doesn’t mean I am.”Peter flicked Wade’s forehead and grinned when he grabbed his finger in retaliation. He sface immediately fell when Wade put it into his mouth, covering it with spit, and started guiding it to Peter’s ear. God, he was so fucking gross! Peter tried to break free, but Wade was a really strong guy, which normally turned Peter on, but at that moment made him want to weep desperately.Ah, saved by the bell! Literally. Wade grunted in defeat and settled at wiping the finger on Peter’s sleeve as he leaned down and placed a chaste kiss on his lips before leaving Peter shocked speechless (heh) in the middle of the corridor. That was… their first kiss and for the rest of Peter’s life it would remind him of wet willies! God, this was… so Wade, it was actually incredibly romantic in some sort of weird and twisted way. It certainly seemed romantic to feel his lips tingle for the rest of the class.
 “You kissed me,” the text read.Wade’s eyes widened as he realized that he actually really fucking did. What the fuck.
“Shit, I did. Sorry.”

“What are you talking about? The only thing you should be sorry for is running with a gigantic tail between your legs right after.”
Wade smirked to himself and looked around the classroom to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Human
Disabled Character

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

