Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Time and time again, Flash tried to show off his skills in the classroom. He may have trouble paying attention, but he was still able to sit and listen to the teacher in class. He knew the basics and then some, and he always got decent marks on his tests.Time and time again, however, his efforts were overshadowed, his intelligence insulted even by their bio teacher. All because stupid Peter Parker had to correct him and make him look stupid- he hadn't even been paying attention either, instead scribbling in a blue notebook and fidgeting in his seat.Honestly, Flash hated it. He glared as Peter ducked his head once more, returning to whatever he was doing. He'd probably claim it was for his "Stark Internship" like he had so many times before. The internship was a lie, and Flash knew it; when he had called asking how to apply, he was met with gruff reception and the insistence that Tony Stark didn't have time to fool around with high school kids.He turned back around in his seat, deciding to stsre out the window for the rest of the class. Outside the leaves on the trees were turning orange and red, and he could see other students on the lawn of the school milling about like ants.Flash knew something was up with Peter. Because people like Tony Stark would never take interest in a nobody like him. He knew it, and so did everyone else. Parker just needed to get his head out of the gutter.So Flash decided he would call Peter out on his bullshit- someone had to because almost everyone seemed to think Peter was Jesus and walked on water.Flash rolled his eyes as he heard Peter utter some nonsense excuse about needing the bathroom before getting up and leaving the room. He noticed with a quick glance behind him that Peter had taken all his books with him.Peter didn't come back for the rest of the class. The teacher paid his absence no mind as she told them to copy the equations on the board.-------"Honestly, Peter, you should take a break."Flash paused as he overheard Ned trying his best to whisper to Peter. The two of them had always been thick as theives, and now he knew that somehow Ned knew what was going on with Parker. Flash didn't want to admit it, but he had taken to spying on Peter as best he could. It wasn't exactly going well, since Flash knew Peter tended to stick around Ned or he would leave in the midst of a Decathalon practice. He couldn't exactly follow Peter without ensuring the wrath of Liz, who was also starting to get fairly annoyed by Peter's behavior.For some reason, though, Liz always let it slide. He hoped the others were catching on to Parker's sudden weirdness too.After practice, Flash made his way to his locker, tapping away on his phone. With homecoming on the horizon, he wanted to make sure to impress his date as much as possible- maybe he'd be able to ask that senior girl in his history class. But his dad was not giving up the car, as usual. A waste of a permit, really.As he walked, he could hear footsteps squeaking on the linoleum floors, voices faint around the corner. Just as he turned, he jumped back.Parker and Ned were talking by the lockers, although Flash knew Parker usually left earlier by now. "Listen it's only for a night," Parker was saying, "I'll be fine. Besides, if anything happens, Mr. Stark said he'd cover for me."Ugh. Again with that Stark Internship crap. Flash knew Ned was not stupid, and neither was Peter but really? Couldn't Ned see how much of an asshole Parker was being, thinking everyone would believe this lie that he worked with the amazing Tony Stark? He was probably just trying to impress Liz. "Okay but don't you think we should at least make a game plan first before we go all Chuck Norris on his ass?" Ned was saying. Worry was obvious in his tone, and Flash almost wanted to groan in disdain. "That's what the suit helps me with," Peter explained, "Now I really gotta go or I'll miss the plane."Flash furrowed his brow; plane? Why would Parker need to catch a plane? As Flash tried to summon the courage to confront him, he heard a grunt followed by the creak of metal. Cautiously, he peered around the lockers, thinking Parker was just slamming his locker door shut. People left things in the lockers after school anyway, since they didn't want to drag all their books around. Peter was probably just getting his books. "Okay, but call me when you get there," Ned said."You sound like May," Peter chuckled. Flash could see him bending down as he spoke, which was weird because he knew for a fact that Parker had a top locker. There's no reason he'd go for the one underneath his anyw-The groaning of the lockers btoke through his train of thought as he watched Peter Parker grip the set of lockers by the base and lift the whole damn thing from the floor. Flash squeaked, watching as Peter grabbed a bottle of something orange from under the lockers before letting go.Flash jumped as they slammed into their rightful place once more, Ned and Peter discussin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Flash Thompson
Jessica Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Friendship
Bullying
High School
Canon Compliant
Post-Canon
Secret Identity
Superheroes
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Peter probs has something like it after this
Stress
Injury
Blood
Video Cameras
Jealousy
Science Experiments
Fake Science
Hostage Situations
Identity Reveal
Implied/Referenced Child Neglect
Flash's dad sucks
Team as Family
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Minor Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Mentioned Vision - Freeform
mentioned Lucky the Pizza Dog
Thai Food

fandom: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Flash Thompson
Jessica Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

