Chapter 1: The Thorn to My Rose
    


Summary:

Love is a bitch.





Chapter Text
Peter knew he’d made the right call by refusing the improved suit and his very own quarters in the brand new Avengers headquarters. At least, that’s what he told himself as he walked back home, cold and altogether miserable.There was no way he could have accepted Mr. Stark’s offer. He’d wanted to, badly. To live that closer to the man he’d admired for years, to be part of his team, close enough to answer every call for help, any call at all… He could be his shadow, his bodyguard, the trustworthy partner Captain America had never been. A loyal soldier who would obey every command without demands of his own.Peter dug the heel of his palm into his eyes and sighed. He would wear a ribbon around his neck and nothing else, make a gift of himself, if he thought it helped. But it didn't. It wouldn't. Because he wanted too much…… and that was exactly why he’d said no.Of course, not being an Avenger officially didn’t mean he wasn’t called on Avengers business every now and then. Whenever he saw that caller ID flash on his cellphone, his heart would miss a beat. He’d started to see the numbers everywhere, including the clock in his maths class, the lines of code on his computer, just as every coffee he drank late at night reminded him of those brown eyes, too observant and blindingly beautiful. Every time he called, the ache would return with a vengeance. And that was when he didn’t see the man in person.He had it bad. Very bad. He hadn’t kept count of the times he’d jerked off to thoughts of Mr. Stark asking for his mouth on his, for his mouth on him, but he was pretty sure it was more often, and more intense, than any sexual experience he’d ever had. Being a virgin at eighteen sucked, but being a virgin rooting for Tony Stark sucked even more, because there was no chance in hell that his mentor would ever seek him out for that purpose.“Shit.” He kicked at an empty can of Monster, biting down his lip as he felt water on the tip of his nose. Right, rain. He started to jog, already planing a detour, wishing that enough miles would help him clear his mind. He should have known better: Mr. Stark was anchored deep within each thought, his smile, gazes, and touches carved in flesh memory. In a matter of minutes, he was running, barely aware of his surroundings beyond the rain pouring down on him. Who could see the tears then? 
“You just don't do anything I would do... and definitely don't do anything I wouldn't do.”
Still he could hear the voice, that warning wrapped in a joke. Warm, like everything about that man. And yes, paternal. If it’d merely been a crush, or simple lust, Peter would have manned up and accepted Mr. Stark's offer. After all, you could live in close quarters with the object of your fixation and dismiss the desire. After some time. With a lot of effort and even more masturbation. Peter would have suffered through daily hards-on and perpetual frustration if it’d meant he could stay close. Watch and covet, enjoy whatever scraps of affection Mr. Stark tossed his way.But what he felt for the older man went beyond the interest he’d shown Liz. Whole orders of magnitude beyond. Liz was a beautiful, sweet girl. He liked her, still did, but not in the way he longed for his mentor.What he felt towards Liz wasn't love.Gritting his teeth, Peter launched skywards and reached for the wall of his apartment building, fingers and toes instantly sticking to bricks. With a thread of spider silk, the window to his bedroom opened a crack, enough for his slim body to slide in. Peter slammed the window close behind him. It echoed the pounding of his heart, hard and radical.He didn’t answer when Ned called, and didn’t consult his inbox full of unopened messages. He just toed off his shoes and kicked them under the bed. Anger, especially wrapped in desperation, had never been an easy foe to fend off. Not for him, anyway. The moment he was off the wet suit, he climbed into his bed and curled into a ball of shivers. He wasn't cold. Not because of the rain, anyway.*That night, he dreamt of Mr. Stark. He dreamt of Mr. Stark quite often.  “Hello, Peter.”A warm hand made its way down Peter's lower back, setting on a hip, squeezing. Possessive. All the air in Peter’s lungs left him in a rush.“Can I…”“Shh…” The voice was every bit as warm as the hand. Peter felt a line of naked skin pressed to his side. Was Mr. Stark naked? Was he naked? He heard a chuckle close to his ear, and shivered violently, ecstatic, as the hand that worked wonders cupped his right ass cheek. Teeth sank in the shell of an ear as whispers rose into the thick air of the room. "Peter."Not knowing how he’d ended up in Mr. Stark’s lap and certainly not caring as long as he stayed there, Peter twisted his head around, eager to see those dark, knowing eyes. "Mr. Stark...""I thought we agreed on 'Tony'?"Peter squirmed as a warm hand cupped the back of his nape and squeezed. "Mister- Tony,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Pining Peter
Peter-centric
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Age Difference
Slow Burn
BAMF Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Virgin Peter
Secret Crush
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Tony still has the arc reactor
Awkward situations
not quite phone sex
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Minor Character Death
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Attempted Sexual Assault
Rape/Non-con Elements
caring Tony
Foot Massage
accidental innuendos
Possessive Peter
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Awkward Flirting
Exhibitionism
self-fingering
Finger Sucking
Drunk Peter
Peter is 18
Idiots in Love
Protective Peter Parker
Praise Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship

