Chapter 1: Home at Last
    




Chapter Text
They were all cramped into a quinjet, Steve looking hopeful next to Sam who was squished in with Clint into one seat. Wanda sat with Scott who seemed skittish yet also excited while Bucky was pressed against the opposite wall, one guard on each side of him and he was refusing to meet anyone's eyes. In the pilot's seat was a completely composed Pepper Potts, a professional, sleek black dress hugging her form that matched her impressively tall stilettos. He hair was tied into a high, clean ponytail that had been barely effected when she slipped on the jet's bulky headset. Besides her and the guards flanking Bucky everyone else was in rather casual clothing, ready to flop down on their beds in the compound the second they landed. All of their gear and suits having been transported home before them.They were going home.Even if a few of them had only been living at the Avenger's compound for a short while it was still a familiar and cozy place to them, and Steve was determined to not let the bad memories he had of Tony ruin the place for him. Sure, before the whole petty fight that the media deemed the 'Civil War' had happened Tony and him had been... good. They hadn't fought in months and they had something, Steve had no idea what, going between them.Now, six months after that whole fiasco he was prepared to mend old bridges and continue where they had left off. Tony had to be over all of it by now. Right?Steve glanced at Bucky, noticing how rigid the line of his shoulders were and the hard set form of his jaw. The man's eyes were down cast and his hair fell in front of his face. They'd woken him up after hearing the news that the avengers were being pardoned and Steve urged him to come back to America. The only reason he even really had to win Bucky over is because for some strange reason T'Challa had consistently been reminding Bucky that he could stay in Wakanda, that he would always have a place to call home there. Though, Steve didn't get why his friend had even hesitated to follow him in the first place. The US was his home, Steve was his brother and there was nothing in Wakanda for him. It's not like he was a fugitive anymore, there was nothing to run from.Everyone startled when the quinjet touched down, all of them too deep in thought to notice they had been even marginally close to the city. Once the jet skidded to a stop within the hanger bay everyone stood up quickly, anxious to plant their feet on the ground and be greeted by all of the friends they had left behind at the compound. Clint and Scott expected their families to ambush them with hugs and kisses and "I've missed you"'s and, "I'm glad you're okay"'s. However, the second the doors slid open for them they were met with an eerie silence. The Avengers stood frozen, staring out at the tree line, eyes flickering over the base that looked just as they had left it.Bucky was actually the first one out, accompanied by his court mandated guards who followed closely behind him. Steve also didn't understand the guards. If Bucky was pardoned and no longer on the run, what was the need for them? His friend stood with a slight tilt to the left, uncomfortable with the unbalanced weight of his arm. The rest of the passengers slowly filtered out after a brief moment of just staring. The sky was a dark grey, a blanket of clouds stretching overhead and shielding them from the warm sunlight.It wasn't what they had been expecting.They knew a 'Welcome Home!' party with banners would be too much to hope for but still. They had hoped."Alright, kids, follow me." Pepper called over her shoulder as she walked towards the compound. "I'll get you all situated and then I'll be off to some board meetings so I'm not waiting up for you." The clacking of her heels on the cement shook the Avengers out of their stupor. They began walking behind her in almost single file, like a group of kindergarteners on a field trip."So, schedule. We get in there, you get your knew security badges, I show you to your rooms, you leave me be afterwards. Ground rules, none of you are allowed in the east wing, it is strictly off limits, also-"But Steve just had to cut in at that, "Ms. Potts we've had full access in the past, why can't we go to the east wing now?""And security badges? That's a little low tech for Stark, isn't it? I mean c'mon, what about the weirdly invasive ID'ing Friday usually does?" Clint added.Pepper sighed and turned to them just as they reached the front doors. "You being cut off from the east wing was a request from another Avenger who was not comfortable with any of you being around him. As for the security badges; there are new people who need to get familiar with your faces so they know if you're in a place you shouldn't be just by  looking at you. I know you are all some what used to Friday's regulated scanning but I decided to pull Friday out of the compound. I didn't believe it appropriate to keep Stark tech within the bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Laura Barton
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Fluff
Angst
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
not team Cap friendly
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Quill
Kinda parent!Tony
but more like the kids adopted him instead
Slow Build
Minor Romantic Relationships

fandom: 
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Laura Barton
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes

