Chapter 1





Chapter Text
‘Hey there, handsome, going my way tonight?’
Erik scowled inwardly as he was hit on for what seemed to be the hundredth time that night. He knew that as a bartender – a ridiculously hot one, at that – he should be well used to being continually hit on by now, having worked the job for a number of years. Possessing this knowledge, however, did not change the fact that Erik was a surly bastard by nature. He could only count himself lucky that the figure of the Silent Brooding Barman was apparently considered to be quite attractive by the poor misguided clientele of the Genosha bar. (It was either that or his customers were formed solely of dim-witted, masochistic idiots. Erik still hadn’t quite decided on that one).
Erik was never wholly receptive to the admiration he received from Genosha’s patrons but he was usually tolerant of it, accepting it as his due: he knew how good-looking he was, after all, so it was only natural that people tried to flirt with him. He normally had few reservations about taking what was on offer – he was a bartender, not a monk – but tonight was different. Tonight he was busy and had a lot on his mind and was in no mood to be pawed at by drunken women who probably already had boyfriends or husbands waiting for them at home. His bad mood was only exacerbated by the fact that he had a deep-seated, unmitigated loathing for hen-parties, a hatred which wasn’t helped by the presence of a member of said flock who was currently attempting to win his affections by actually daring to touch his bicep in a bid to get his attention. It was taking all of Erik’s patience – what little he possessed, at any rate – to keep from elbowing her in the face and going back to focusing more important things. Like watching other people get hideously wasted, for instance.
Just as he was coming to the end of his tether, a friendly hand clapped down on his arm, dislodging the persistent harpy on the other side of the bar.
‘Hey man, you’ll never get any work done if you keep flirting with the customers,’ Alex, the other bartender for the night (and Erik’s sort-of-maybe friend) grinned at him even as he hastily steered Erik away from the disappointed young lady at the bar.
Erik scowled at his rescuer but allowed himself to be led away calmly enough. He figured, rather grudgingly, that he probably ought to thank Alex. If he hadn’t intervened when he had then Erik would’ve no doubt been facing a very expensive lawsuit in the near future: from what he could gather, it wasn’t considered very good form to elbow young ladies in the face, even if they had been harassing you for hours together.
‘Wasn’t flirting,’ Erik grumbled instead, glaring down at the floor. ‘She was the one talking all night long, not me.’
Alex snorted, letting go of Erik’s arm. ‘Yeah,’ he said, smirking slightly. ‘Women tend to do that when they want in your pants.’
Erik scowled. ‘Well I wish they would stop,’ he gritted out, throwing a glare at the room around him as if to warn off any other potential admirers. Judging by the abrupt u-turns made by a few people, it seemed to have worked.
Alex shrugged. ‘No objections here, means there’ll be all the more for me.’ He eyed Erik speculatively. ‘We really ought to get you laid, though. That temper of yours has been building for weeks and I know you haven’t been getting any for a while now – not since that Magda chick up and left you.’
Erik’s brow lowered, his dark mood suddenly even darker at the mention of the woman who had run out on him the moment that he had hinted that he just might prefer something more than a series of random one night stands. There was a reason that Erik indulged solely in one night stands in the first place, and the incident with Magda had only convinced him that he had been right – there was simply no place for feelings in the bedroom.
Alex continued speaking, apparently oblivious to the silent but ever-present We-Do-Not-Talk-About-Magda rule. Erik supposed he shouldn’t judge Alex too harshly for forgetting it; after all, sometimes Erik forgot that the man he worked with was a brainless idiot.
‘Listen man,’ Alex was saying in a surprisingly earnest voice. ‘Just because this one girl went and stomped on your heart-’ a completely brainless idiot, then ‘- doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t get any at all, you know? You’re a guy – you need sex. It’s – like – necessary or something. I mean, you’re probably going through withdrawal now.’ He met Erik’s eyes with an almost touching expression of supplication. ‘Dude, seriously – you need to get laid.’
‘If you don’t stop speaking about my sex life immediately then you are going to spend the next hour picking glass shards out of the side of your face,’ Erik said pleasantly in response, his eyes on the beer glass that he was conscientiously wiping down with a rag. He wouldn’t want any potential wounds on Alex’s handsome face to get infected, after all.
Alex gulped, his eyes darting to Erik’s large, competent hand
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Erik You Slut
Erik Logic Is The Best Logic
Alternate Universe - Bar/Pub
Erik is a Dick
Mildly Cracky

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

