Work Text:
Peter wasn’t exactly invited when aliens attacked New York for the second time, but standing around while in possession of a pretty awesome set of superpowers was a shitty thing to do.  The Avengers were already on the job when he swung in, but it really seemed like an all-hands-on-deck sort of deal.
He could feel Tony’s disapproving look through the Iron Man mask, and Peter swung by close enough to yell, “I was in the neighborhood!” at him.  
“Likely story,” Tony replied, patching through Peter’s suit to talk to him directly instead of yelling.  It was a good call; there was a lot of noise and chaos happening.  Peter used rapid-fire to shoot webs at some of the aliens’ blasters, but primarily focused on getting civilians out of the way.  
This wasn’t the same thing as a fight with heroes that were inherently good, or even with Toomes.  The aliens were not aiming to injure, and Peter knew he was outclassed.  So he tried his best to minimize collateral damage, and left the heavy lifting to the Hulk and Thor and Scarlet Witch.
He did catch a bus full of people before it could crash into a building, and that was a totally badass moment that he hoped would show up on youtube.  
Thor managed to do some sort of space-magic -- Tony claimed it was all science, which, awesome, though the thought made Peter want to ask Thor a lot of questions but so far they’d never really met -- that sent the aliens packing, and soon they were all on the jet headed back towards Avengers HQ.  
Peter had tried to slink off in the chaos, but Tony had caught him by the arm and pushed him towards the jet.  Peter hoped that it was for celebratory cake and not a lecture on avoiding mass alien chaos. 
So there he was, sitting on a plane with the Earth’s Mightiest Heroes.  It was very difficult to sit there and not say something embarrassing like “Wow guys did you know that my tenth birthday party was Avengers-themed.”
Especially when he was sitting next to Captain America, who looked weary and human sitting there with his shield propped against his leg and a hole burned into the shoulder of his uniform. 
“Are you alright?” Peter asked, pointing at the hole. There didn’t appear to be any fresh blood, but Cap’s suit was grimy enough that he wasn’t absolutely sure.
“Huh? Yeah, fine,” Captain America said, poking at the hole as if he just noticed it. “Just a minor burn. Already healed up.”
“Cool,” Peter said. “That’s really awesome.”  He wondered if he should apologize for, like. The whole German airport thing.
He noticed Cap slide his shield around to the other side, further away from Peter. 
 “I’m not gonna steal it again,” he muttered. “That was one time!”
He was pretty sure Tony was snickering at him.
Cap looked slightly abashed but made no move to put his shield back within Peter’s reach.  
“Why a spider?” 
“Huh?” Peter looked up, and Dr. Banner gesturing towards the spider on his chest.  “Oh. It’s because of what happened when I got my powers? I was bit by a radioactive spider.”
Peter became acutely aware of the eyes of every Avenger turned to him.
“You---” Dr. Banner shook his head. “You were bit. By a radioactive spider?”
“Yeah?” Peter said. “I mean. I’m admittedly using radioactive a little loosey-goosey, because I don’t really know exactly what modifications and experiments it was exposed to, but it definitely gave me superpowers. It’s pretty cool to be able to crawl on ceilings though.”
“I assumed that was your suit,” Hawkeye said. “Huh.”
“So the web-stuff,” Falcon says, “that’s not coming out of you, right? Cuz that’s been bothering me.”
“Eww, no,” Peter said, scrunching his nose. Not that they could see, but the eyeholes were surprisingly expressive.  “I invented that?  I’m pretty happy with it so far but I’ve been tweaking it to have better tensile strength, but chem class is only an hour so I don’t have a lot of time for experimentation.”
It was only after the words left his mouth that he realized that he had, once again, said entirely too much.  He slunk down in his seat, no longer quite so happy to be the center of attention.
“You’re one of those super-nerds, too?” Hawkeye said just as Falcon said, “Wait, are you seriously in high school? Can you even drive?”
Peter could feel Captain America’s judging eyes on him, and he looked at Tony helplessly.
“Underoos has elected to keep his identity secret,” Tony said helpfully. “Though I will confirm that he is in fact a nerd. I suppose super-nerd is technically correct since he also has superpowers.”
“Totally a high schooler,” Black Widow said.  Peter was kind of terrified of her so he kept his mouth shut.  “Is child endangerment something we should be worrying about?”
Peter knew better than to say, “I’m not a child,” but wow was it tempting to.  The problem was only compounded by the fact that his phone started buzzing.  He tried to ignore the fact that he was still the center of attention by digging out his phone, and groaned when he saw that it was Aunt May. 
“Um, I have t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Team Bonding
Fluff and Humor
handwaving over the events of civil war
Accidental Spider-Dad Tony Stark
Captain America Fitness Challenge PSAs
working title was 'that time peter accidentally threw cap under the bus'
you know the other avengers don't know about the PSAs

fandom: 
None
