Work Text:
The night the baby came, Thor, who was usually level headed in situations of chaos, pulled a Steve Rogers. Upon seeing Loki huffing and puffing away with his legs spread (and not in the good way), Thor had taken one glance before promptly passing out on the floor. The midwives attending Loki looked from Thor's prone form back to him back to Thor, and Loki sighed in irritation and told them to shove a pillow under him or something.When Thor woke up, Loki was still in labour, and he had been moved to his own chambers. Even from here, he could hear Loki screaming bloody murder and could almost see sparks winding their lazy ways in between the gaps in the stone of the walls and floor with the force of Loki's seidr.Thor got all the way back to Loki's chambers before he remembered what had happened the last time. Deciding that Loki could not have been amused by his show of weakness, Thor wandered off to the great hall instead.On entering, Thor found his parents entertaining several members of the Jotunheimr royal court, who had been notified the instant Loki had gone into labour. Thor tried to slip by unnoticed, but unfortunately Laufey's eyes were still rather sharp."Ah yes, the imbecile. It appears we meet again," Laufey said with a sneer, and Thor had to fight the urge to smack him in the mouth.Beside Laufey sat his wife, Farbauti, who smiled lightly at Thor. Thor thought she was rather pretty, for a jötunn, and she wasn't hideously mean like her husband. However, Thor had no way of confirming this, as he'd only met Farbauti on a few separate occasions, none of them flattering:The first time he'd met Farbauti, he'd been sneaking out of Loki's chambers while Loki had been on a visit to Jotunheimr to visit his other family. Farbauti had unfortunately been in the habit of walking around her ice palace late at night, and that particular night Thor had said something that hadn't settled with Loki quite right, and the disgruntled prince soon found himself kicked out of the relative warmth of Loki's chambers into the cold hall. Farbauti had found him a few moments later, knocking on Loki's door and begging him to at least throw out a blanket or something, or at the very least his undergarments.When Loki's chambers remained completely and totally silent, Thor had given up, throwing his hands up in defeat, and turned to try and find some corner of the hall that wasn't quite as icy as the others. And had come face to face with Farbauti. The giantess stood just a bit taller than himself, and Thor followed her gaze as it traveled down his naked body. She blinked at him with red eyes as he hastily covered himself, held out the lantern she carried to him, before padding quickly away.The second time he'd met Farbauti had been when she'd come with Laufey to Asgard for Loki and Thor's 500-year anniversary. Thor had been studying up on jötunn customs - Loki had said it would be wise, if Thor ever hoped to have somewhat amicable relations with Laufey - but before he could get even the most basic greeting out, Farbauti had looked him in the eye, sniffed, and said, "Can that possibly be the prince Thor? I hardly recognised you with your clothes on."And of course Laufey was in earshot, and of course he had misunderstood at once, not even giving Thor a chance to explain, and Thor had spent the rest of the week in the healing ward while the medics melted the ice that had frozen around his arteries and veins.Farbauti had visited him while he was recuperating, a twinkle of mischief in her eyes, and a slight smile curving her mouth, one that Thor recognised from countless occasions with Loki. And despite her smirk and her impish remarks, Thor found that, of Loki's two birth parents, he rather preferred Farbauti to her beast of a husband, who was glaring daggers at him across the table and had a protective arm around Farbauti's slim shoulders.Loki's brothers were present also. Helblindi and Byleistr, if Thor wasn't mistaken, although he preferred to refer to them as The Delinquents. Helblindi (who most definitely wasn't blind, despite what his name might suggest) was filing his nails with an ice blade and had a dark blue ascot draped around his slender neck. Byleistr had tattoos all over his body, and the first time Thor had met him, had lifted up his cloak and told him that the tattoos were everywhere. Everywhere. With a waggling of his eyebrows that had been incredibly suggestive. And if the bulge in his undergarments was anything to go by, Byleistr was rather well endowed.Helblindi looked up at Thor from underneath dark glasses, rolled his eyes as Loki screamed something particularly vulgar, and dismissed him almost as quickly. Byleistr smirked at him and gnawed seductively at his lower lip between his teeth. However, neither of the Delinquents were in the habit of filing their teeth, and so he came out looking more like a rather eager shark, and the effect was quite lost on Thor.Thor stood there awkwardly for a moment befor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Farbauti/Laufey (Marvel)
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Lactation Kink
Post Mpreg
Children
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
but there is plot!
Childbirth
Nipple Play
Breasts
Breastfeeding
Babies
Simultaneous Orgasm
Orgasm
Intersex Loki
Loki's Kids

fandom: 
Farbauti/Laufey (Marvel)
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

