Work Text:

Steve sees it happen. Well, almost, at least.

One moment, Bucky is fighting, throwing and landing punches on their attackers with an ease that sends fond familiarity coursing through Steve’s heart. Then, just as the final opponent hits the ground and Bucky turns around to beam a victorious smile Steve’s way, the entire world shatters. Something explodes. Loudly – 

violently

 – and when the smoke finally clears, Bucky is lying face-down in the middle of the rubble with half a building covering the entire left side of his body.

Steve isn't even aware of his feet touching the ground as he sprints to Bucky’s side. The pulse of relief he feels when he sees Bucky stir before Steve even reaches him, on the other hand, throbs through him with such a force it nearly causes him to stumble.

“Bucky!” 

Bucky groans and tries to push himself up to his knees, but the debris keeps him trapped; a large slab of concrete and pieces of scaffolding weighing him down. Steve doesn’t waste time as he quickly bends down and grabs a hold of a large metal beam, tipping it aside before going to work on the rest of the debris. Bucky grunts when his metal arm comes free, and Steve drops the concrete slab to take a hold around Bucky’s shoulder in order to steady him.

The moment Steve’s fingers wrap around the metal, Bucky lets out a gasp as if he’s just been punched in the gut, and drops back down onto one knee with a sway that threatens to make him topple over. However, when Steve moves to help, Bucky flinches, shaking Steve’s hand off with a startled yelp.

“Don’t touch me!” he growls. He glares at Steve, eyes sharp with something that looks uncomfortably much like fear as he gulps air into his lungs with a heaving chest, but Steve doesn't falter. 

“Are you hurt?” he demands, but once again, Bucky slaps his hand away with a grunt when Steve tries to offer him assistance, slowly standing up. For a moment, he looks confused, almost scared with his human hand wrapped loosely around the spot where Steve had touched him, but then he straightens his back, squaring his shoulders. He doesn’t let go of the arm, however.

“We should head back,” Bucky decides. “Where are the others?”

“They’re making their way to the rendezvous point,” Steve supplies, before nodding to a spot right above Bucky’s elbow where a big dent in the plating has left some of the wiring exposed. “Your arm’s damaged,” he says pointedly.

“It’s just a scratch,” Bucky objects, but as Steve reaches his hand out with the intention to look more closely, Bucky actually staggers back with a low snarl. “I said don’t touch it!”

“Okay,” Steve says, backing up with his arms raised in surrender. “Alright, I’m not touching.”

Bucky doesn’t reply, even though his posture relaxes slightly. Steve decides to leave it as it is. They'll have a look at it when they get back; at the moment, they need to get the hell out of Dodge, before things turn 

real

 nasty. 
 
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
 
They make it out. It’s not graceful, and it certainly isn’t the most successful operation they’ve ever executed, but they’re alive, and that’s enough. Steve’s pretty sure they’re all going to get their hides handed to them by a bunch of government officials come next week anyhow, so there’s really no point in beating themselves up over it as well. 

The ride back in the quinjet is quiet. It’s not unusual; they all need time to wind down after a fight like this; to get their bearings right and their heads turned back on straight. No one speaks a word, yet no matter how hard Steve tries, he finds himself unable to relax. He keeps shifting in his seat, restless, and time and time again he catches himself glancing in Bucky’s direction to see how his friend is doing. 

Bucky is sitting in the back of the plane, huddled up on top of the storage crates with his right leg tucked up against his chest and the other dangling off the edge of the box, as he stares out at the air in front of him. He’s still holding around his arm, and Steve sees the faint movement of a thumb slowly stroking up and down the plating as the light from the front of the plane reflects in the metal surface.

Bucky had refused to let Tony check his arm when they got on the plate, despite the fact that there’s an evident dent right in the middle of it. Tony had eventually given up trying to convince Bucky to let him at least 

look 

at it, and announced that they’ll get it fixed up when they got back to the tower and Tony’s workshop. Bucky, on the other hand, hadn’t seemed very enthusiastic about that decision… 

When they get back to the tower, the quinjet barely has time to touch the landing pad before Bucky’s out and gone, heading for the staircase faster than anyone can call him back. Steve assumes he’s heading for the workshop and doesn’t bother trying to stop him. It’s not until three hours later, when Tony knocks on Steve’s door to ask him if Barnes is there that Steve realizes something’s wrong. 

F.R.I.D.A.Y. is a goo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
technical difficulties
Multiple Orgasms
Explicit Consent
Friends to Lovers
First Time
Awkward Sexual Situations
Involuntary Arousal
Metal Arm Kink
Steve is the bestest of buddies
So helpful
and Tony is a good bro
seriously the guy deserves a medal

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

