Chapter 1: Casualty
    




Chapter Text

1. Casualty
 “Shit!” Peter exclaimed as an explosion ripped through the air, a parked taxi propelled from the blast and flying towards him a moment later.  He quickly jumped out of the way, the fender brushing past his arm as he just barely managed to dodge it.“Language!” Tony scolded through the comm as he fought more bots one block over.  Then, a second later, “Are you okay?”“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine,” Peter said, “Almost just became flying roadkill.  How many you got left?”“Five.  But I should be done with them soon,” he responded. Peter didn’t team up with Iron Man often.  Well actually, the one and only time he’d ever teamed up with Iron Man was that battle in Germany against Captain America.  Not for Peter’s lack of checking in, of course, because he did that almost every day.  Just a quick text to Happy, letting him know that he was ready and willing should Tony need him, maybe with an appropriate emoji tacked on to the end.  Happy never texted back, so Peter figured it was okay for him to keep doing it.  Just in case.This mission didn’t really start as a team up either.  It was more like a, ‘a-bunch-of-bio-robot things-just-attacked-downtown Manhattan-and-the-police-got-overwhelmed-so-Iron-Man-and Spider-Man-happen-to-show-up-around-the-same-time-to-fix-things’ kind of deal.  Whatever.  Peter wasn’t going to look a superhero gift horse in the mouth. They’d been doing well, clearing out all the civilians and beating the bio-robots by targeting a weak point on the joint at the base of their necks, but these things seemed to have some heavy artillery and a penchant for creating small explosions, and Peter was not envying whoever was going to be paying for the property damage they were causing.Actually, that was probably going to be Mr. Stark.  Perks of being a billionaire.Peter was down to four of the bots, and as he swung around on a building he managed to get behind two of them and blast their weak point with some web fluid: they went down.  Two to go.As Peter started to stake out one of the remaining ones, his spider sense blew up in his head, and he whipped around to face the other bot at the same moment as it fired out a shot, the crack of it resounding through the air.  He webbed at a nearby building, desperately trying to pull himself out of the way as he saw the bullet coming straight at his heart.  He launched through the air, and for a minute, thought he had been fast enough.“Ha, have to be quicker than that to bring Spider-Man down!”Then, a white-hot pain spiked through his left leg.“Ffffff-udge,” Peter groaned as he pulled himself onto the roof of which he’d been swinging off, needing just a minute to collect himself.“Language.”“I didn’t even…!  Forget it,” Peter said dismissively, drawing in a sharp breath as he shifted his leg so he could see the injury better.  The bullet had gone through the fleshy part of his left thigh, a few inches above and slightly to the left of his knee.  He didn’t think it had hit the bone, but it was bleeding pretty badly, and it hurt a hell of a lot.  Two of those robots were still out there though, and with Tony dealing with his own, Peter knew he’d just have to suck up the pain and get on with it.  Tony had been hesitant about letting Peter fight when he’d first shown up, and there was no way Peter was going to sit back and show weakness in front of his mentor.  Besides, the city needed him.He nearly swore again as he shot the bullet hole with web fluid, knowing from experience that it would work well for at least a temporary bandage.“Are you okay?...again?” Tony said through the comm, “I thought I heard a…noise, or something.”“No, all good here, perfectly good, fine, almost done actually.  Race you to see who can kill their bots first?”Tony didn’t answer, so Peter took that as a sign to start moving again.  He stumbled when he first tried to stand as pain shot through his leg, but with a deep breath, he eased himself up and took a second to get used to the uncomfortable sensation.  As soon as this was over, he decided, he was going to go home, sleep for a few hours, and let his healing ability kick in. Peering over the edge of the rooftop, he noticed the bot that shot him was just below on the pavement, having seemingly lost interest in him as it fired more artillery into shop windows.  He tried to scale down the wall quietly, but his foot slipped on a chunk of brickwork that had been blown away, and he let out a yelp.  The bot heard him and immediately turned to his direction.  Only about ten feet from the ground at this point and with nothing else to lose, he jumped to the ground, putting as much of the impact onto his right leg as possible.  He flipped out of the way as it started shooting at him once again, dodging behind a row of parked cars and staying down as he tried to gain some ground.  It paused for a moment, seeming to have lost him, and he used that opportunity to sneak up behind it and nail it right in the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter
Drunk Peter
Anxiety
Nightmares
Injury
Kidnapping
Whump
Dad!Tony
Tony yells because he cares
Peter-centric
Tony-centric
Torture
Mild Language

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

