Work Text:
The second Peter’s feet touched the ground he knew that jumping over the fence of his High School had been a mistake. Not because he had hurt himself or something like that. No, that jump was a piece of cake, Peter would probably to be able to do it on one single leg. A challenge for his abilities had to be something else entirely. If there were going to be any new challenges, now that Peter had thrown all care out of the window.“Mr. Parker, I assume.”Crap, somebody had seen him. How was he going to explain this to Mr. Stark? It was going to be the training wheels conversation all over again. There was no point in running since the other one knew who he was. Okay, he could still pretend to be a Spanish exchange student…
Lo siento, no hablo ingles?
Better than nothing. Ready to lie through his teeth Peter turned around. Who was he kidding, Peter had no idea what he was doing and he should be calling Mr. Stark right now to…Oh god. The shock of red hair was visible despite the black hoodie and Peter instantly did a look around. Were there more? Were all of them here?“Relax, I am alone.” The Black Widow answered and Peter’s mind was racing. No, he was not going to fuck that up. Step by step. Logical thinking. He had to arrest her, back-up would be useful. Peter should definitely call Mr. Stark. Then again, the Black Widow wasn’t an enhanced being. Spider-Man should be able to take her on.But what if something went wrong and Peter would be responsible for her getting away?“Don’t be shy, Mr. Parker. You can talk to me.”Swallowing softly Peter tried to ignore the question of how she had found him or how she knew who he was. “What do you want?”“We saw what you could do, Mr. Parker. Quite a show that you put on. Cap was very impressed.”Despite himself Peter felt a tingle of pride inside of him. A childhood dream fulfilling itself. Captain America taking notice of him? On second thought Peter tried to shake off that feeling. Of course Captain America had noticed him, Peter had taken his shield and then Captain America had dropped that container on him.“You know, you are a criminal on the run and I am a kid going home from school. I shouldn’t be talking to strangers and I think it’s time to call the authorities, so…”“Cap is very interested in talking to Spider-Man. Stark is not the only one who sees the potential in you. We would like to give you a warning.”Peter was balancing his feet, so he would be ready for an incoming attack. “Threatening people isn’t nice.”She suddenly smiled at him, looking almost friendly. “I am not threatening you, kiddo. I am trying to help you. I know Tony recruited you and that’s all exciting and you think you owe him for the suit, but you don’t have all the information. Being dependent on Tony Stark can be highly dangerous. Especially since he doesn’t like to tell his associates everything he knows.”Peter frowned, feeling ridiculously small beneath her gaze. This was a game of cat and mouse, that much for sure. Honestly he had no idea what was going on. Mr. Stark keeping things from him? Well, naturally. Mr. Stark was Iron Man and has been in the business for over 8 years. Peter was 15 years old and still going to school. Wouldn’t it be incredibly stupid to assume that Mr. Stark was telling him everything?“What is this all about?”“We want to talk to you, you’ll find out the things that Stark didn’t tell you before you got involved this fight. When you know everything, you can decide which side you are on or if you even want to get involved into all this further.”She sounded reasonable enough, but Peter remembered the fight at the airport. He remembered how terrified Mr. Stark had looked when he had found Peter lying on the ground.Only then his brain seemed to catch up with what the Black Widow was implying. Could see possibly lead him to Captain America? Peter could totally take him in and Mr. Stark would be so…No, scratch that. Peter promised he wouldn’t do anything that too stupid. A tracker. He could place a tracker on Captain America. Then Mr. Stark could come in with the FBI, the CIA, Interpol and every other secret organisation that Peter had never heard of. Peter could help and Mr. Stark would be so proud of him.“Cap wants to talk to me? Right now?”The Black Widow nodded, smiling amusedly. “Yes, come on. He’s waiting.” ***There was no abandoned warehouse or hidden bunker. Kind of disappointing. The Black Widow led him on to the roof of an apartment building. Well, that was a bad choice, clearing giving Peter an advantage there. Although he didn’t feel like he was having the upper hand. His heart was slamming against his ribs and he desperately tried to look cool and unimpressed.Peter was so clearly failing.They weren’t all there, which was a relief. A minute ago it had dawned on Peter that he was maybe walking into trap. Luckily the only person waiting for them was indeed Captain America. Not wearing his uniform, but normal clothes. He definitely didn’t greet Peter like h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Protective Peter Parker
Aftermath
Team Cap is full of shit
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

