Chapter 1: Shades of Twilight
    




Chapter Text


In Shadow and Starlight

 I'm awake I'm alive
Now I know what I believe inside
Now it's my time
I'll do what I want 'cause this is my life
here (right here), right now (right now)
I'll stand my ground and never back down
I know what I believe inside
I'm awake and I'm alive
“Awake and Alive” – Skillet**The heavy worktable upended onto the well-worn concrete of Howard’s workshop with an ear-ringing clatter, sending papers with drafts of his current projects every which way across the floor. The destruction throughout the ‘shop was extensive—no portion of the sprawling series of rooms was saved from the engineer’s explosive temper.
I’m pregnant, Howard.
A new obligation would soon enough be claiming his time and his attention: his marriage with Maria was supposed to be for show, to satisfy the media when they had printed article after article, expressing concern about his legacy and the fact he had become more reclusive as the years went by. There was never supposed to be children despite the fact that Howard had grown to care for her in his own sort of way. But with his wife’s earlier announcement, soon there would be more responsibilities, more claims on his time—when all Howard wanted to do was bring the math in his head to life, to design and engineer, to puzzle out and address threats at SHIELD, to search the Arctic, always, for the greatest man he ever knew (and to never rest until he could finally bring Steve Rogers home to the country that had since immortalized him). Now, however, came unwanted obligations.Howard’s knees gave out and he stumbled to the floor all while his chest heaved for air, desperate for oxygen as he held back angry, frustrated tears (Stark are made of iron.) and pressed the heels of his hands against the fierce heat of his stinging eyes.“I don’t want it,” the engineer whispered into the lonely emptiness of his sanctuary.++“You wished to see me?” Loki inquired as he straightened from the slight bow given upon entrance to the Nornir’s great hall. None of the three women spared the prince a glance, though Loki knew that their attention had shifted to him by the sudden heaviness that settled within the air.He came to an easy parade rest, hands clasped at the small of his back and expression neutrally blank, and waited for the Nornir to finally actively acknowledge his presence.After many minutes of quiet with only the women’s activities breaking the stillness of the room, much as a raindrop landing on the glass-like surface of a pond generated ripples that extended out to the shoreline, Urðr tilted her head just enough so that the mage could finally see the profile of her face. Middle-aged but still striking in the vividness of only-slightly faded beauty, she who was What Once Was paused in the weaving of her tapestry. “Once upon a time ago, you came to us to learn that which no one else could teach you.”“Yes, I did come here. And you did teach me what you could, though—obviously—a thousand lifetimes under your tutelage still would not be enough to pass on all of your knowledge,” the green-eyed trickster mage acknowledged, head tilting the smallest degree to the side as he began to puzzle out why, exactly, the Nornir had summon him here. Loki did not ask the question aloud, however: years with the three women had also taught him that their tangents were not always so: there were always reasons for them. So he remained quiet and waited.In answer, Urðr’s smile turned sharp even as she finally turned her attention fully back to her weaving. “One such lesson between you and I dealt with the topic of matched souls. Those so similar to one another that they might as well have been one being. Not mates, not each half of a whole—but already, irreversibly, one.”“…I remember this lesson,” Loki answered in reply, tone cautious. He also remembered asking Urðr if he was one such person, if the Nornir already knew who these people were. She had not answered him and instead gave him a smile much like the one that currently sharpened the curve of her full mouth.“You were not given an answer because it was not time for you to know,” Verðandi continued, gently combing through the skeins of colored wool that her sister drew from for their tapestry. “That has now changed, however.”The words from she who was tied to What Was Coming Into Being, the closest acknowledgment of a present for a race of people who lived thousands upon thousands of years, caught Loki’s breath, and the mage’s eyes flared a bright, vivid jade as his attention narrowed and shifted towards Verðandi instead.“Tell me more.”“The soul that parallels your own has sparked to life on Midgard,” Verðandi responded in an absent tone, more focused on picking out the small bits of debris from her wool even as she was carding it for her sister. “Much as it has been foretold of the changes that you will bring to the universe so, too, is this soul one that is birthed from chaos and hope—and death
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Mythology - Freeform
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
AU of Infinity War
FrostIron - Freeform
the Major Character Death warning is for Thanos fyi
though I don't think anyone would mind when he finally kicks the bucket
cautionary warning for acknowledging Tony's mental illnesses
bc I genuinely believe that Tony was not in any healthy state of mind after being left in Siberia
on that note: Team Cap critical/not-friendly-ish
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki is Possessive of His Things
Loki's mantra is also 'Don't touch my stuff.'
(aka: looking at you Raza)
epilogue added at request of giftee
Wordcount: 10.000-30.000

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

