Chapter 1





Chapter Text
--
Ask anyone and they'll tell you this: Peter Parker is trouble and Spider-Man saves the day. 
Both topics are unrelated.

Michelle Jones knows otherwise.
--"I have the situation handled," Michelle protested. One of the men on the ground let out out a groan and made a move to grab her ankle. With a sigh, she reached into her bag, pulled out her pepper-spray, and calmly proceeded to empty the can on him. The scream of pain was gratifying to say the least. Once the sound became a little too grating, she landed one final kick to his solar plexus and he rolled over, finally knocked out. Peter - or Spider-Man, what the hell was she supposed to call him in this scenario? - looked annoyed.At least, she imagined he did under the mask.It was hard to tell. "Really?" he asked sceptically. "Because it looked to me like you needed help.""An impairment of your vision, no doubt. You probably need bigger eye holes for that thing." Michelle sauntered out of the alleyway and continued on what was her usual route home until she was rudely interrupted by the group of muggers. Peter followed her. Of course he did. "Trust me, M-Miss, I can see just fine."Michelle's left eye twitched.Here's the thing: Michelle Jones was perfectly aware that Peter Parker was Spider-Man. She had been for a while now.Two years, in fact.It wasn't hard to figure out who Peter was what with the continual skipping of decathlon meetings and classes, accompanied by piss poor excuses that would only fool a complete moron. Or someone who didn't observe Peter as closely as she did. Also Ned and Peter had a habit of talking about the latter's, ah, extracurricular after-school activities when she was only two feet away from them.Honestly, it was only through pure luck that the whole school hadn't figured it out already. So yes, she knew that Parker was Spider-Man. Once they became friends - or something resembling the term thereof - she thought he would eventually bring up the whole topic of moonlighting as a red and blue tights clad hero, but he hadn't.It was beginning to bother her. There was only so many shitty excuses she could take. Last week, he told her that the bruise on his face was the result of a sledding accident. Sledding. It was summer. Suffice to say, enough was enough."Miss?" Michelle said, cloyingly sweet. "Are you sure you weren't about to call me something else? Like, my name?"Peter tripped over his feet.Not for the first time, Michelle found it difficult to reconcile the hero who had helped prevent the Earth from complete annihilation by aliens with the boy before her. "How-how would I know your name?" he asked weakly after an uncomfortable amount of time had passed. "We'd only just met."Michelle rolled her eyes. "Actually, we met when you saved my classmates from dying in the elevator at the Washington Monument.""Um, yes, that's-""Also, you were there when the school was set on fire and everybody was locked inside.""Oh, well-""Not to mention you rescued me the time the academic decathlon was kidnapped by that weird scorpio dude.""Right," Peter said, peering upwards towards the night sky as if hoping for a divine figure to provide answers. Or strike him on the spot. "Right. I guess we've met a few times already.""Just a few," she said flatly. "It's a wonder you wouldn't know my name already. It's Michelle, by the way. Would you like me to spell it out for you? In case you forget?""I think I can manage. I...actually know a girl called Michelle."This, Michelle thought, was the perfect moment for him to unveil his identity to her and she would respond in kind by feigning surprise and gasping for added dramatic effect.Unfortunately it seemed that Peter had missed that particular memo entirely."And?" Michelle prodded when Peter offered nothing else. "What would the Michelle you know do if you were oh-so-rude enough to not even remember her after meeting in less than predictable circumstances?""Punch me probably," Peter joked.  It was taking an extraordinarily high amount of self control to not take that as an offer to do so. One of her hands actually unconsciously half-raised itself at the thought, but at the last moment she caught hold of herself and lowered it to rest on his shoulder instead.Peter jerked in surprise, but didn't pull away. For a moment, Michelle simply stared at him. Underneath that mask was Peter Parker. She knew it was him. It didn't matter if he tried to change the tone of his voice or his posture- she could recognise him anywhere.She tried not to dwell on the implications of that statement.It would be easy, so easy, to just reach up and unmask him. She could imagine it now. Enough, she would say, I know it's you, Peter. And that would be that. He would have no other choice. No more crappy excuses. Except she wanted him to tell her. It wasn't the same if she forced the truth out of him. There was something inside her that wanted - needed - him to say the words. Michelle, it's me. I'm Spider-Man. T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Romance
Idiots in Love
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

