Work Text:
    It had all started off as little twinges in his belly, and he thought it was nothing more than some bad Thai food from the night before. He took deep breaths all throughout calculus to quell the nauseous feeling rising in the back of his throat, and tightened his grip across his stomach in physics as the pain got worse. What was happening to him?Out of desperation, when he finally felt the urge to vomit rolling over in his gut, his hand shot into the air, pleading with the professor for the hall pass.Leaning his back against the door of the bathroom, he panted out little breaths, like he was blowing out candles. Feeling heat in his gut again as it lurched violently, he ducked into one of the cubicles, bracing his hand against the wall. It felt like a million degrees in those tiny four walls. Tipping his head back Peter took shallow breaths. A strangled sound escaped him as a wave of pain washed over him and clenched his belly tightly. He retched, doubling over. With one hand over his middle and the other against the tank of the toilet, he breathed."C'mon, Peter. C'mon..."He stayed like that, half doubled over as he waited for the feeling to pass. At last the pains receded back into nothing more than twinges and he left the bathroom. But returning to class proved to be counter-productive. As the smell of chemicals hit his nose, he felt himself feeling queasy all over again and he put his fist to his mouth to keep from spitting up the little sip of water he had taken from a drinking fountain on his way back. The professor took one look at him and sent him to the nurse's office. Upon entering the cramped little room, the nurse had looked up from the files on her desk, eyes scanning Peter over, an unusual gleam in her eyes. Her nose twitched slightly as she stood, approaching him.Never breathing a word of what she suspected, the nurse told Peter he should go home and reached for the phone.Not wanting Aunt May to worry, Peter begged the nurse not to call her, insisting that walking in the fresh air would do him some good. The nurse protested but Peter had already left the office.Not his finest idea.All the way home he had both arms wrenched around his middle, doubled over as he ground his teeth. He received weird looks from the people he passed, but paid no mind as he made his way home. The pain was back building, and he returned to his method of panting as he hoped, prayed, that the pain would subside.
Peter dropped his keys as he tried to unlock the door to his and May's apartment. His hands were shaking as he picked up the key ring from the floor, fumbling to find the one key to open the goddamn door.The door opened faster than he was expecting and sent Peter lurching forward as it swung inwards.He let it go, slamming it shut as he discarded his backpack, stripping off his sweatshirt while he was at it. He was trembling as he walked into the lounge, taking measured breaths. He felt lightheaded, pressing one hand to his right temple.Not paying a lick of attention to where he was going, Peter stumbled over some rubbish catalogues or something on the floor and found himself falling onto the arm of the couch. His reflexes kicked in, just not fast enough as his middle came crashing into the upholstered arm.Peter cried out as the fall only compounded the already existing pain."O-o-uuh...ngh..."He found himself gagging as he attempted to push himself up, slipping off the arm of the couch onto the floor where he rolled onto his side.He groaned again, biting into the heel of his hand."What is happening to me?"He coughed as he pushed himself up off the floor. Maybe something to settle his stomach would help. Limping into the kitchen he opened the fridge, removing a can of ginger ale. The cool liquid hit his tongue and he was thinking that it wasn't all that bad. When it hit his stomach, however, that was a different story. The fizzy bubbles didn't agree with his churning stomach at all and he was bent over the sink coughing up the clear liquid."Tea..."Peter whispered.Maybe some tea would help.As he reached into the cupboard to take down a teacup another sharp pain dug into his gut and he put an arm back across his middle. The fingers of his left hand shook as he took the china down. The cup teetered back and forth on the saucer as he took it down from the cupboard and Peter all but tossed it onto the counter. He turned away from the cupboard, forgetting the notion of tea or comfort all together.Sighing, he closed his eyes. Maybe if he lay down... Peter nodded to himself, shuffling into his bedroom. He dropped down onto the lowest bunk and curled up onto his side. He closed his eyes, kicking each shoe off with the aid of the other foot before he tucked one stockinged foot over the other.He felt slightly better, but his relief only lasted for a moment before another wave of pain coursed through him. He tugged his knees to his chest, rocking back and forth. He just wanted to feel better. He would do anything
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Omega Verse
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Wade
OOC wade
Omega Peter
ooc peter
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Peter in heat
Peter's first heat
First Time
Pain
self-restraint
Wade tries
he really tries
They know each other
Kissing
Hand Jobs
Masturbation
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Multiple Orgasms
Knotting
Explicit Sexual Content
Underage Sex
Age Difference
So Wrong It's Right
Denial
Begging
Consent
Crossing Timelines
Don't Judge Me
first omega verse

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

