Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text
Asgardian women were just as feared as Asgardian men. While holding less power in politics, the women were just as fierce of warriors and just as sharp of minds. On the battlefield, the two were regarded as one. Barbarians did not disregard a woman or grant her any relief from the pain they wished to dole out to a man. No woman or man is spared from the tortures the enemy inflicts. And so, when the Allfather demands this next battle be fought by only the strongest of men, the order ignites an onslaught of bitter feelings from your chest. There was reason for his decision, you knew. The battle was to be the toughest Asgard has fought in centuries, and the Allfather wanted as few of casualties as possible. But this was to be your battle. This was to be the battle in which the years of tears and of bruises and of training yourself to near death was supposed to pay off. This was supposed to be the battle in which you'd rip the heart of the beast you hated most from his chest and relish in the feeling of spitting on his bloodied flesh. This was supposed to be the battle in which you captured revenge for your brother when he was slain the night before his birthday.Your heart aches. Aches for the fear that you will no longer be able to uphold the promise you made twelve years ago on the night of your beloved brother's death. The very night that played in your dreams and haunted even your daily thoughts. There was no respite from the memory of seeing your brother's head drop to the cold ground, the bloodthirsty grin on the face of his murderer, the eyes that locked onto yours and threatened your very life. The Barbarian prince that rode into the night had ripped your most beloved friend from your tiny hands and forbade him from the birthday in which he would have started training to fight for the vanguard. 
"Because your scream was so lovely, I'll let you cradle his head in your hands with your's still intact."
You vowed that night to never be as merciful as the Barbarian prince who spared your life in favor of you suffering through it. You would not spare his, and you were willing to commit treason to be able to punish him for stealing away your brother's life. And so you had trained, every morning, afternoon, and night. You turned away from your parents, distraught and angered by their inability to understand the bloodlust that had sunk its way into your heart. They thought that the bloodlust had turned you into something akin to a monster, but you knew that monsters slew children, and you only sought to slay a cowardly man. "No, no. I will not let that bastard die by unworthy hands." The determination that filled your voice was familiar to your own ears. You had heard it all too often throughout your childhood as you trained. It was the voice that your parents had grown to hate and it was the voice that distanced you from old friends.Now you thought of it as the voice that would be able to sneak into battle disguised as a man. You were not a woman who was remarkably feminine. As years have gone your training had hardened you. Your hair could be put up in a similar fashion as the God of Thunder, your chest could be binded. You could hold your all in a battle against even the toughest of men. The only issue was your voice, but as you wrapped the bandages around your chest and donned your father's old armor, you practiced lowering it. It wasn't believable. But passable, perhaps. If anything you were willing to take the risk. You had to take the risk. The only other option would be to tarnish your brother’s honor, and that was the very opposite of what you so desired to do. Your hand clasped the mace you had learned to rely on all of these years. It's worn leather comfortable in your hands, your fingers sliding into the imprints you had left over the years. The leather first had grown used to small hands. Small, frightened hands that were unfamiliar with holding a weapon. You had looked foolish, a young girl holding a mace that was far too large for her, but now the weapon fit in your hands as if it had been forged just for you. Now you held the weapon with unmatched confidence, and your stride dared those around you to even try and approach. The glare in your eyes dismissed those around you who wished to ask who you were. And those who were unafraid of your steely gaze were granted the alias you would now go by: Ove.You had had no issue with getting in. They needed the men, and you proved your worth in sparring. For every man that stepped in your way, the butt of your mace would knock them in the shoulder, the knees, the chest. You’d leave your opponents breathless and dazed, and even the captains acknowledged your power with dignified nods of their head. “How is it that none of us had ever seen you before this battle, Ove?” Bjarke handed you water, watching as you downed it as though you had been starved of the liquid for years. “It's incredible! You even knocked down Asger. I hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Characters
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki & Reader

freeform: 
Slow Burn
loki is kind of a dick
slight Mulan AU
Reader Is Badass
AU
Asgard
Flirting
Hurt/Comfort
War
Violence
Disguise
im really warning you this is a slow burn
reader is female
Angst
Fluff
Adventure
Romance
Plot
Character Development
Nightmares
reader is super stubborn
PTSD
Revenge
Blood and Gore
Smut

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Characters
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki & Reader

