Work Text:
Peter has never actually talked to her.In that he's never started a conversation. She's always the one to initiate, making some remark about him or to him and/or Ned, at lunch, during debate meeting, in the hallways when he least expects it so she can watch him jump and swallow a high pitch squeal.But he never starts a conversation. With her, at least, though she can't really remember ever seeing Peter Parker start a conversation, except maybe with Ned but she doesn't count that.She's very observant, she notices these things, stacks them away, carefully adding and organizing information, fitting together tiny pieces of a cosmic puzzle. She's not obsessed with him. She just notices things.(Well, she is a little obsessed with him which is the root of this whole problem.)She likes being secluded from the world, acting like an outside observer. She likes knowing things, but doesn't like doing things or being a part of things. She's content to sit in the corner and read her book, or pretend to read while the world plays out around her.She's content with coming off as weird and distant. She likes that she automatically weeds out people who are too put off by her books and her hair and her glares to approach her.She wonders if that's it. If Peter is too scared of her to start a conversation. He should be, she decides, but he also really shouldn't be. She bites, but only verbally and he can handle it. He's Spider-Man, he can't really be scared of her.(He hasn't confirmed that he's Spider-Man but she knows, put that puzzle together fairly quickly because he's maybe the world’s worst liar. She's like 92% sure and she will catch him one of these days when she's bored and wants to watch him freak out.)He could just not like her.Peter’s a good guy. If he didn't like her, he probably wouldn't say anything, just let her sit near them at lunch and make weird comments that show she's been paying attention even though she’s reading.But at the same time… when she does say something, sometimes, not all of the time, he'll smile at her, really softly, one of his dumb puppy dog smiles, and his eyes will crinkle and his brows will furrow together and his hair is all floppy and…She's not obsessed with him.She's an artist… kinda. She just likes to notice these things. Observant, she's observant.And sometimes he'll say something dumb and problematic, and she'll turn an unimpressed glare his way and he'll freeze a little and raise his eyebrows and apologize before listening to her rant for a few paragraphs before nodding and apologizing again.It's really not fair.He has to like her. At least a little bit. At least in an acquaintance way. At least.Which is totally fine. She can work with that. She decides to run an experiment because she's an intellectual and he's a scientist. This is foolproof.She decides that she's not going to say a single thing to or about Peter Parker. She'll just watch what happens. Well, she's also gonna try to stop being so obsessed with him.(It's totally not her fault though. He just thinks he can walk around this school being super smart and ripped somehow and having deep soulful eyes and those soft smiles. He's simultaneously a toothy-grinned nerd and something dark and mysterious and it should be illegal. God, what a loser. She hates him. God.)There is one exception to the experiment and that's that she's now in charge of the decathlon team that he's a part of and she may be just a little obsessed with Peter Parker but if he comes between her and a second nationals trophy…At first nothing happens, but it's alright. She's patient. She's maxed out on books checked out of the Queens Public Library, so she's ready for the long haul.After a few days, he and Ned start sneaking glances at her across the lunch table. They'll say something super geeky and embarrasing, always loud enough for her to hear, but she doesn't say anything and then they just glance over at her slowly before exchanging a look. She pretends not to notice, reads the same line a few dozen times until they go back to whispering about nerd stuff.They never say anything. Well, once Ned does, asking her opinion about their upcoming history test and she rolls her eyes and says something snarky about Rutherford B. Hayes’s foreign policy.Which gets Peter to snort. Which is great. But not the point, so she returns to her book for the rest of the lunch period.It lasts a week and a half, and with every passing day, Peter looks at her more and more. Which wasn't intended. But cool. This is interesting. He waves at her in the halls, and scoots a little closer to her side of the lunch table and talks a little louder so she doesn't have to strain her ears.However after day six, the looks turn concerned. The waves lose their energy. The puppy smiles turn to guilty frowns.
Interesting, she notes, and turns back to her book. She's not sure what results she was anticipating, and these are still pretty inconclusive. But she feels like she's learning som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Fluff
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Identity Reveal
Kinda
First Kiss

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

