Chapter 1: one
    


Notes:
The Tony/Peter Barista AU feat. social commentary on “rich/poor” that merlenhiver wanted and I decided this fandom needed. ENDLESS THANKS to merlenhiver for the prompt and the continuous cheerleading, feedback and beta-services. This wouldn’t be possible without you, my dearest! Please note that all my other fics remain on hiatus. My real-life circumstances and mental health continue to be less than ideal for fanfic writing, which is all the more reason why I’m so, so happy that Spider-Man Homecoming re-energized my Muse this way!EDIT 03-2018: A wonderful Twitter user brought an unauthorised copy of the first 14 chapters of this fic to my attention that a young writer had posted to Wattpad. Thankfully it was easy to have it taken down. I've since started crossposting this fic on Wattpad. If you find this anywhere else, please let me know!




Chapter Text
PROLOGUE “Come on, Peter, can’t you miss a few shifts?” Ned pleads. “I’m sure Mr. Harrington will let you back on the team if you ask.”Peter shakes his head, careful not to let his smile drop. “You guys got this.”Ned opens his mouth, probably to argue, but Michelle materializing next to them stops him. “Come on, loser,” she says in that affectionate way of hers. Peter wishes them good luck and waves them off as they board the bus to the decathlon in Washington. He turns away before it gets too much, though, and takes off in a run to leave Midtown Tech behind. The crowds of tourists slow him down as they always do, but Peter is small and agile and reaches the corner of 6th and 37th ten minutes later. His destination is a small, independent coffee shop tinged in afternoon sunlight barely making it past the skyscrapers of Manhattan. Seeing the name in large, corny letters with an even cornier cartoon puppy still makes Peter’s heart ache every time he sees it. Ben chose the name, was so happy with it, his shoulders squared in pride about having saved up the money to pay the down-payment on this amazing location. Peter shakes the memory out of his head and slips past a family in line to get coffee and pastries. “Hey, Aunt May!” Peter calls on his way into the back. “Hello, Mr. Two Minutes Late,” she calls back. Peter winces, immediately guilty. He shouldn’t have seen Ned off. Not when he knows May’s struggling again. He jumps right into the flow of frothing milk and making espresso shots next to where Mariazinha, Mr. Delmar’s daughter, is blending a smoothie. Peter doubts it’s for the two women in designer clothes laden with more shopping bags than Peter’s closet could hold, so he pushes one skinny latte in their direction with a smile. “Your soy mocha is coming right up,” he promises the other woman and speeds through the motions. After four months, he could make them in his sleep. He places the finished drink right next to the tip jar. At the beginning, he hated being that obvious and believed people would gladly tip their barista like they do their waitresses only to quickly be disillusioned. The Designer Women, however, seem to have forgotten he even exists. The second one picks up the paper cup and turns away, already taking a sip. Peter blinks after them. “Parker, a hand?”Mr. Toomes’s voice jolts Peter out of his thoughts. The man owns a bakery at the other end of the street – “A real one, not one of those tasteless factory bun disposals,” as Mr. Toomes is prone to grousing whenever someone complains about his prices. He’s a gruff guy and a bit extreme, but without The Sweet Vulture’s muffins, bagels, bread and cakes, Peter doubts they’d have survived even their first month in the competitive world of independent coffee shops. “I threw in some leftover rolls from yesterday,” Mr. Toomes says as he hands over a rack of muffins. The ‘You can’t sell them but you can eat them’ goes unsaid. Peter beams at him. “Thank you, sir!” “The little guys gotta stick together, right?” Toomes smirks at him. “Hello, Mrs. Parker.”May nods with a tired smile and hands over the money for the delivery. There’s a short reprieve from customers save for one of their regulars, an athletic guy in a NYU sweater who draws out his moments with Zinha as much as he can. Peter feels slightly better that he won’t be able to afford university if they take guys who haven’t realized after three weeks that Zinha is wearing rainbow-flag earrings. “Oh, you’ve got to be kidding me.”Peter snaps back to reality. Toomes is glaring daggers at the ancient flat screen in the corner, a leftover from the couple they’d leased the place to after Ben… After Ben. It takes Peter a second to make out the Stark Industries logo next to the newscaster. “Privatizing public transport – what’s next, Stark?”“Uh,” Peter interrupts, “but Mr. Stark said there’ll be cheaper rates because of the reduced energy and maintenance costs –”“Yeah, and you know why?” Toomes spits. “Cause he’s replacing the maintenance crews with those robots of his. Bad enough I get my mail from one of his drones now. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Slow Build
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Age Difference
Unresolved Romantic Tension
Tony Stark vs. The Media
jarvis disapproves
Consensual Underage Sex
Last Week Tonight as plot point
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending
Humor
Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

