Chapter 1: one.
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

"I can remember being nothing but fearless and young,
we've become echoes, but echoes, they fade away."
silhouette // aquilo

There’s an alarm going off somewhere near you, a loud wailing sigh that ebbs and flows to drown out the rest of the noise. There’s smoke clouding what’s left of your hazy vision and try as you might, you can’t keep your head from slumping to one side. The cuffs around your wrists and ankles that keep you pinned upright chafe at your skin from previous fights but now you lie still; exhausted and broken. Forgotten in the chaos and so far from your own mind, you can do nothing but skate the edges of consciousness and hope – but for what? Rescue? Death? It all feels the same to you. 


The siren still cuts into your mind but you’re drifting now…


Voices scatter about your brain, distant and close, commands and screams, and you’ve lost track of what’s real and what’s delusion. Keeping your eyes open is impossible and so you let yourself go.


The voices… the siren… the restraints holding you upright… an arm around your waist hoisting you up…


Then nothing at all.

*
It’s twenty past two in the morning and the Avengers tower is quiet. It’s not impossible to believe that somebody somewhere inside this place is awake, hell, probably several somebodies given the emotional state of half the occupants but the common room is dark and empty which is what you’d been hoping for. The lights flicker the moment you toe the room threshold, another startling reminder of the reality you’re living in now. 
“Thanks,” you murmur, politeness far outweighing how odd it feels to speak to a building. 
Pausing in the doorway, you sweep the room. Only once you’re certain it’s as empty as it appears, you move across the length of the room to dump the textbooks and laptop that had been stacked precariously against your chest down on the long glass table. 
The table is fixed alongside the large stretch of floor to ceiling glass windows that pinned an entire picture of Manhattan behind it. Regardless of the hour, cars still snaked around the sprawling streets and the city was still lit up with flashing lights. Your eye catches on a group of three staggering down the street, linked clumsily to one another. They’re tiny from your vantage point but you can make out one figure raising their arm, their head held back and their mouth open around a large smile to let out a yell that’s soundless to your ears. The common room was far too high up in the tower to grant you any of the sounds that would accompany the scene of an early morning trek home, one that felt faintly familiar but now somehow foreign. Turning away with the slightly bitter taste of nostalgia in your mouth, you pull out a seat and power up your laptop; building a fortress around you out of your textbooks as you wait.
Early morning isn’t exactly your time for productivity but over the last month, you’d learned to adapt. It’s been one month and two days since you’d moved into the Avengers tower and a month and twelve days since all this madness had started. You still tiptoe around this ridiculous mansion of a home, trying to keep to the shadows and yourself as much as you can. It’s not like you’re afraid of the people you now share a residence with – how could you be when they’ve been sold to you as protectors and heroes since you were young? It’s hard to believe that the man you’d watched declare himself as Iron Man on the news, who’s superhero alter ego graced the shirts, walls, and lunchboxes of every kid in your neighbourhood, is the same man who found you distraught and terrified and without a lot of options. 
An uncomfortable feeling settles in your stomach as you think about Tony Stark. How is this meant to work? You suppose he’s your handler now, in some strange way. A guardian or a baby sitter, bound by his duty to protect and what better way than to keep you close and controlled? Maybe it’s guilt that motivated his actions. It’s only been a month but already you knew it didn’t pay to try figure out Tony Stark; he seemed to be an enigma even to himself. 
The Tower couldn’t feel less like a home. It feels too weird, too strange, to see the Avengers doing anything other than save the world and to consider yourself a part of all this is absurd. To see Natasha Romanoff, who can kill a man with her thighs alone, rumpled and bleary eyed brewing herself a coffee or Bruce Banner who is occasionally large and green, asleep with his face planted in a book in the library or even seeing Captain America and The Falcon play fight over the remote feels wrong. A behind the scenes look you don’t feel you deserve or even asked for when it comes down to it. 
It’s easier to stay away. To remain in your room, sleeping through the waking hours and then roaming around the tower on your own time during the early morning quiet. Your new living space, which easily pu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Friends to Lovers
Friendship
extremely slow burn the slowest burn you can imagine
oc and bucky dealing with their collective shit together
Eventual Smut
Recovery
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

