Chapter 1: Three is a Party
    


Notes:







Chapter Text

Chapter 1: Three is a Party
“My decision is final, Gutnar.” Laufey, King of Jötunheimr, said in an intolerant tone, and nodded to his guards to remove the last Jotun brought in for judgement. The guilty Jotun made sure to give him and his sons a scathing glare before he was handled out of the throne room. Laufey sighed. It was a tedious job handling petty crimes of the masses, but those dabbling in higher crimes like land theft and conspiracy had to be dealt with directly and sooner than later. Laufey was tired of it, there was always someone unhappy. If it wasn't another realm causing him stress, it was the civil war that simmered across their own land. No one was ever truly happy.He looked to his right where his eldest son Thrym sat, waiting for an intelligent question to be asked about the sentence he served, but sadly expecting it from his left where one of his youngest sat, Loki. But the guards who escorted out Gutnar had returned in a rush.“Your highness, visitors approach from the Bifrost.”Laufey sat up straight and resisted the urge to sigh irritably. “Who is it?” He prayed it wasn't the Asgardians, he didn't have the patience to resist unleashing a herd of Jötunheimr Beasts straight into Asgard.His sons on either side of him sat up straighter too. Loki had been reading a book, present only because of the recent attempts made on his freedom by rebels so Laufey needed to keep a close eye on him. Thrym was the eldest and to inherit the throne, which Laufey was trying to teach him how to manage, to which Loki was a natural at. Of course, the universe always worked like that...As if reading his mind, the guard spoke cautiously. “We don't think it's Asgard, my King.”Laufey frowned, and waved a hand towards the entrance. “Meet them with a group of guards. Be civil, provided they are. Escort them straight here.”The guards bowed and left, signalling a few others who had been standing by to follow. As soon as the door closed Thrym leaned over.“Father, who do you think it is?”“Unless they have come to declare war I really couldn't care.” Laufey said, and slumped back.“Maybe Asgard has come to offer a maiden.” Thrym said, excitedly, and Loki leaned over to pull at face at him, sharply slapping his book shut for emphasis.“Ew.”Thrym snorted. “What ew? Have you seen them? They're as pretty as you.”Loki looked at his father as if for back up before shooting back his twisted expression at Thrym, who had the weirdest fetish for lusting after females. “Have you heard what they have between their legs? They say-”Laufey slammed his fist down on the armrest of his throne with an angry grunt and both princes flinched into silence. “Enough! Whoever it is will have maidens in their homes. Let's not be discussing in front of them what their mates and mothers hold between their legs.”Loki narrowed his eyes at the smirk Thrym gave him. “It's odd.” he insisted.“Speak for yourself.”“Shut up.” Laufey hissed just as the door opened, and thankfully they did. Though Laufey hadn't known who to expect, it certainly hadn't been the light elves from Álfheimr. He sat straighter with a troubled expression but mainly because these were a people Jötunheimr had little connection to. Even the escorting guards looked surprised, and Thrym sat a little more regally. Walking up to the throne were six elves. One was definitely the king, King Balor, and besides him at his stead was what looked like a personal servant, for the rest were clearly guards for protection. King Balor was a very old man, drawn and chalky with age, but he bowed slightly nevertheless when they stopped. Loki thought he might fall over altogether where it not for his servant holding onto his arm. “King Laufey of Jötunheimr.”Laufey stood immediately, and a second later Loki and Thrym scrambled to do the same. This was their first time meeting a foreign king, especially one so foreign.“King Balor of Álfheimr, to what do I owe this surprise?” He'd really like to know, and by the gods let it be benevolent.“I desire to discuss with you a serious matter, if you can spare your presence.” Balor said, folding his bony hands. He didn't look threatening, but a serious matter still meant stress and time, two things that had been working against Laufey lately.“Very well.” Laufey held his most passive face and looked at the guards. “Move back whatever is next on my schedule.” He then looked at Thrym and Loki. “You two stay here, or go resume training. Thrym,” he added, and gestured as inconspicuously as possible to Loki to remind him to keep an eye out. An argument would have broken out if there weren't foreign delegates in the room, and for once Laufey was grateful for the outer worldly intrusion. “Please follow me your highness, and company.”Laufey stepped down from the ice throne and with a few guards led away the elves towards a private office. Still standing on the throne and trying to look every bit as royal as he should, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Nuada (Hellboy)
Nuada/Loki
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Political Marriage
Battle for the Bride
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Jötunn Loki
Loki Angst
Arrogant Thor
Álfheimr | Alfheim
Rape/Non-con Elements
Loki is Not Amused
Odin's A+ Parenting
Laufey's A+ Parenting
Nuada is a gentleman
Loki hates everyone
Loss of Virginity
Anal Sex
Forced Marriage
Dark Thor
Dubious Consent
SilverPrinces
lots of Loki Angst
And humiliation
Breed sex
Mpreg scare
Gang Rape
Aphrodisiacs
Game of Thrones References

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Nuada (Hellboy)
Nuada/Loki
Loki/Thor

