Chapter 1: The set up
    




Chapter Text
The Hub had promised the team at least three days off while their scientists researched the latest alien tech and made a decision about where they should go next.“Where are we going to spend our mini-vacation?” Skye asked the others as they ate.“I’m not playing poker again!” Jemma insisted. “May or Coulson always win.”The two agents in question just smiled and shrugged. They’d won the last four opportunities to decide where they spent their consecutive days off.Skye shivered slightly, “After these last few weeks, I just want to go somewhere warm.”“We could go back to the UK.” Fitz offered, he turned pleadingly to Ward for backup.“I don’t have a preference.” Ward responded honestly. He didn’t care where they went and didn’t want to choose sides.Disappointed, Fitz said, “Well, I’m not playing poker either. If we’re going to have a competition for the decision, then it should be something we’re all good at.”“You’re a genius. Poker should be easy.” May teased.“I’m not that kind of genius.” Fitz shot back. “Skye?”“I’m seriously tired of always losing to you two.” She responded, pointing at the smug faces.Phil reached out for Fitz and Jemma but included Skye in his question. “Then how would you like to decide?”They all realized that it was extremely kind of him to ask; he was the head of the team and could decide where they went without involving them.“I’ll think about it.” Fitz said.Jemma squeezed Phil’s fingers. “I know exactly what we should do. I just need to check on some things. I’ll get back to you.” She left the room.***Less than an hour later, Simmons had cornered Ward in her lab. “It’s been a long time since we all spent a day taking care of you.” She was caressing his cheek, and crowding into his personal space.“There hasn’t been time.” Ward pressed into the hand.It was true. Mission after mission had kept them in full-on agent mode. They were all showing the strain in their own ways.Jemma agreed. “Would you like to spend the day subbing?”“Yes!” The word came out in a quick rush.“Tomorrow, then. What are you in the mood for?” She knew the team would be happy to spend their time taking care of him. “Think about it and make a list. If you’re a good pet, you’ll get what you want.” She grinned at the whine that escaped him. “Expect a lot of orgasm delay and denial. You might want to sleep with Fitz or Skye tonight.” She pressed against him, hands massaging the hardening bulge of his pants. “Or May, perhaps. I’ll tell the others.”He bent down for a kiss, which she happily gave. “Don’t forget to make that list.” She let him go, knowing she wouldn’t be able to control herself if she didn’t end this now.***
Team,

We have been neglecting Ward and his needs. Starting at 0900, tomorrow, we will rectify this.

Timetable and rules:

0900 - 1100: Five minute sessions with three minute breaks
Ward must stay hard. If he loses his erection or ejaculates, you will receive a penalty.


1100: Ward’s first ejaculation. If this is not achieved within five minutes, it will be forced through electric stimulation.

1105 - 2100: COMPETITION BEGINS - Fifteen minute sessions with five minute breaks.




Each time Ward orgasms, the individual(s) directly responsible will gain 1 point.Breaks for food and rest will occur at 1300 and 1700.Orgasms may not be forced through application of electricity to the prostate (Fitz!) or chemicals.Orgasms achieved without penile contact receive 2 points.All limits apply
The individual with the most points selects vacation location.

Penalties: During the competition, if Ward is hard, individuals with penalties will lose their turn. If Ward has orgasmed in the previous session, the order will be changed so that the penalized individual is given the following session. If that is naturally the penalized individual’s session, Ward will be given a 15 minute break and a choice of both next person and tool used.

Random Order created by choosing names out of a beaker:

Skye
Leo Fitz
Melinda may
Jemma Simmons
Phil Coulson

--- Dr. Jemma Simmons 
Skye let out a loud, excited whoop.Fitz grinned.May started planning.Phil called Ward into his office. He was sitting on his desk, reading the message again. “You’re okay with this?”Ward nodded enthusiastically then sobered at the way Coulson was watching him, “Are you not?”The older agent was quick to reassure, “There’s nothing I want more than to spend the day with you and the others. I’m going to make you feel so good.” He promised, opening his knees to pull Ward in for a kiss. He kept his hands on the other man’s hips. “I just wanted to be sure you’d been asked.”Grant smiled, “Jemma checked with me earlier.”Phil mirrored the smile, kissing him again. “What’s your sleeping situation tonight?”He shivered at the way that question always made him feel wanted. “She said I should sleep with Fitz or Skye tonight.”“Because you’d get sex?” Phil asked.“Yes, sir.”Coulson drew him into a tight hug. “I’d like to sleep with you t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
OT6 - Relationship
Jemma Simmons & Grant Ward
Leo Fitz & Grant Ward
Melinda May & Grant Ward
Phil Coulson/Grant Ward
Jemma Simmons/Grant Ward
Leo Fitz/Grant Ward
Melinda May/Skye
Skye/Grant Ward
Leo Fitz & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
BDSM
Ward is everyone's sub
Dom!Coulson
dom!Skye
dom!Fitz
dom!Melinda May
dom!Jemma Simmons
Sub!Ward
Angst
Bondage
Whipping
brief chastity
Service Submission
top-space
dom-space
Subspace
Fingerfucking
Anal Fingering
Paddling
Breathplay
Sex Toys
Sex Swing
Punishment
Anal Beads
Roleplay
Anal Sex
Vibrators
Figging
Ice Play
Nipple Torture
Genital Torture
clit torture

fandom: 
OT6 - Relationship
Jemma Simmons & Grant Ward
Leo Fitz & Grant Ward
Melinda May & Grant Ward
Phil Coulson/Grant Ward
Jemma Simmons/Grant Ward
Leo Fitz/Grant Ward
Melinda May/Skye
Skye/Grant Ward
Leo Fitz & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Jemma Simmons & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson

