Work Text:

The car rolled up to the curb and came to a slow stop.

“So we’re doing this again?” Sam said, turning his head to the driver.

Steve put the car in park and smiled over at his partner.

“Every month. You get used to it,” he said. The engine rumbled to a stop.

“Man,” Sam sighed and unhooked his seatbelt. “Don’t they just learn?”

Steve opened up and got out the car. He made sure his radio was secured properly to his shoulder before slamming the car door. He leaned on the police cruiser roof and watched Sam slide on his sunglasses. “It’s tough, Sam. You gotta remember, this neighbourhood’s never had it good.”

Sam was clearly rolling his eyes behind those shades, but Steve didn’t mind.

The two of them ambled up the street. It was the warmest day so far, which made their uniforms a little too much to bear.

“Hi, Steve,” a couple women cooed from their front steps where they sat, smoking.

“Ms. Anthony, Ms, Richards,” Steve nodded at them as he passed.

A couple kids pushed past, running down to the sprinkler on the Hayes’ dirty lawn that brought everyone out into the sunshine.

Sam snorted.

“Oh, are you back for those goddamn Ferris kids?” Mrs Whitaker garbled from her own dilapidated porch. “Yellin’ and music all day every day! It’s total shit!”

“Not today, ma'am,” Steve said as they passed. “But you call it in if you need to,” Steve went on and smiled at little Angie on her tricycle.

“Here we go. Six-ninety four,” Sam sighed.

“Gentlemen,” came a familiar drawl. Both men looked up the front steps of the old Fury home.

“Natasha,” Steve squinted through the sunlight. 

The infamous redhead was leaning against her open front door, the screen all scratched up and torn beside her. “You boys here for anything specific?” Natasha Romanov asked, eyes sharp, even if her posture was lax. Her torn jean shorts showed off her great legs and the grey tank top didn’t help much either.

“We got a blip on Clint,” Steve murmured, heading up the few steps. “Mind if we check on him? Parole says he never showed.”

Natasha rolled her eyes and turned.

“Barton!” she yelled into the house.

“Yeah?” came a hollow response.

“Did you miss your check-in again? You know Danny’s nervous every time you don’t show!”

A loud crash had Steve and Sam glancing at one other. “Mind if we come in?” Sam asked.

Natasha turned and eyed him. “You stay here. Don’t trust cops in my home. Not after that goddamn raid.”

Steve pursed his lips as she went inside to find her idiot boyfriend.

“Man, she is tight as a snare drum,” Sam huffed.

“Hey, don’t talk like that,” Steve said.

Sam took off his sunglasses. “I meant, she ain’t anything to mess with.”

“Nope,” Steve said, hopping down a few front steps to look over the street. “Smartest person on the block by far. She knows the law better’n most.”

“Practice?” Sam asked.
“Experience,” Steve murmured.  He watched Murdock across the street, tending to his weird, misshapen vegetable garden. It kept the guy busy. At least, for now. Matt had been busted with one of the most insane grow-ops Steve had ever seen, just a few months back. The only reason he was out in the world was ‘cos the judge took pity on him for being blind. It was a good game he played. Smart.
“Man, this whole block is a write-up,” Sam said.
Steve eyed the house two doors down and across the street; The one with the cracked and peeling paint and the lopsided front door. Nothing doing.  He chewed his lip.
“Okay, okay,” came Clint Barton’s voice. “Jesus, woman.”

Steve turned, eyes still caught on that old house before he focused on what was clearly another babbling story cooked up by one of Brooklyn’s sweetest, most genuine guys who also had a rap sheet as long as Steve himself.

“So, you see,” Clint Barton began, leaning against the front door. “Officers, officers. Let's rewind, shall we? You see, it started down at the K-Mart…”
 
 

“No, come on,” the perp cried as Steve wrapped him in cuffs. “Officer! It’s not what it looks like.”

Steve pulled him upright and opened the cruiser's back door. It was late, way past midnight and the Lowes parking lot was mostly deserted.

“Really, Lang?” Sam said, taking notes. “Come on now. You know the drill.”

“But I wasn’t doing anything,” Scott Lang huffed. 

Steve turned him about and pressed him to the side of the cruiser. “You were stuck halfway through a window with a bag of tools and a mask, Scott.” He cocked a brow at the plaintive look on the man's face.

Scott Lang pursed his lips as if to start arguing. “Damnit, Officer Rogers, you got such pretty eyes.”

Steve rolled those pretty eyes and helped get Lang into the backseat.

“Heads-up,” Sam murmured, closing the door he’d been leaning on.

Steve turned, hands going to his belt.

A familiar crew of teenagers was strolling by in the dim light of the parking lot lamps.

“Hey, Cap!” a voice cried out.

Steve smiled, “Hey, America,” he said, watching the group approach. “Isn’t it a little late for you all to be out?”

The tall girl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Police
Sexual Tension
Anal Sex
Swearing
Humor
Action & Romance
Cop Steve
Police officer Steve
Beefy Bucky

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

