Chapter 1: Peter
    




Chapter Text
You live in my dream state
Relocate my fantasy
I stay in reality
You live in my dream state- See You Again, Tyler The CreatorTony Stark is hallucinogenic. When Peter first wakes up fisting the sheets, a sheen of sweat on his chest, legs aching, his eyes are laser focused on the Iron Man poster on his wall. His dick is hard, like really hard, for the first time in his teenage life and while Uncle Ben had told him what to do god, Peter didn't want to think about those girls in those magazines or online. Besides his laptop was across the room and the feeling, the deep rush of blood in between his legs, he didn't even think he could make it. He was frozen with the sensation, wanting to touch, but the fear persisted. Uncle Ben had said it hurt a little, but in a good way, and Peter had no idea what  that even meant. He had just turned fourteen and he hadn't even kissed anyone yet, and he knew this was a normal part of puberty but he couldn't help but focus on how weird it felt. How uncertain it all was. Peter waits, tries to think of the most unsexy things ever like dead puppies and spiders and gum on the bottom of his shoe, but the tent in his boxers only dampens. He feels lost and hot, like the inside of sun, a machine out of control. Peter lets out of a soft whine,  tears prickling at the corner of his eyes, and he wishes for the first time he wasn't so damn alone. If he had been cool enough to get a girlfriend like Flash he wouldn't even be in this situation because she would just take care of it, take care of you , his brain adds, and the thought causes him to blush and arch his back softly. If someone was there to just take control and tell him what to do - "Hi there Peter, you're looking a little flush." Mr. Stark's voice fills the small space and Peter's mouth falls open. He knows it can't be real, that there's Tony Stark stepping out of the Iron Man costume, designer sunglasses and all, right in front of his desk. He pauses to stare amusingly at the poster Peter had pinned up there after his first Stark expo. "Aw you're a fan, I appreciate that." "M-Mr. Stark?" Peter whispers, his teeth catching on the name. "Yes, Peter.”  Tony Stark turns to look at him, calm and a little dangerous. Peter notices he's wearing an all white suit, like he wore to the Met Gala a few weeks ago, the one that Peter couldn't get out of his mind. It's so clean and out of place and he looks so good, Peter almost forgets about his problem until Mr. Stark starts walking towards him, eyes like lightning as he takes in Peter's body. A rush of embarrassment flows through him, imagining his idol meeting him like this.  It makes his body heat up a fraction more and Peter's ribs feel light weight at the attention, watches the flicker of darkness in Mr. Stark's face, as he looks at the Peter's red boxers stretching uncomfortably over his cock, the sharp still delicate lines of his hip and stomach exposed in sleep. "Before you say anything Parker, I have to tell you - you are absolutely breathtaking." There's something about the way he says it that draws a succulent moan out of Peter's lungs, a sound he wasn't even aware he was capable of making.  Maybe because it’s Tony Stark, his role model since he learned what science was, billionaire play-boy extraordinaire who’s been with Victoria Secret models to maybe even Captain America, deciding that his scrawny teenaged body was breathtaking. The throb between his legs only worsens at the thought and his palm slides to his abdomen, trembling. His eyes flickered to Tony, still in his room, still watching,  and Peter knows he should've asked are you real ?  Instead, he bites the pink of his lips and begs "H-Help  me, Mr. Stark." "Well since you asked so nicely kid," Tony jokes and Peter swears he feels his bed tip when Mr. Stark takes a seat. "Tell me what to do, please, it hurts." Peter feels shameless, feels rubbed raw, nerves crying from the lack of attention. "Shhh calm down sweetheart, and just touch yourself.""With my hands?""Yes baby." The shift in Mr. Stark's tone goes right through him. It's molten honey and Peter's dazed beyond star-struck. He holds himself with fever hands, hears the gasp rather than sees it, eyes flickering a violent beat.  “Peter.” Tony Stark’s voice is inside his earlobe, biting down on the pressure point. “Tell me how it feels.” "It's g-good Mr.Stark" Peter whimpers, a searing sound and Tony groans, teeth ghosting over his jugular. "You're doing so well, Peter. I can't believe this is your first time. That no one else has seen you like this. You've been saving it all - just for me." Peter writhes under the praise, the possessive tone making his fingers speed up. The slick slaps of his body echoes in the dark room, and Peter holds onto the second heartbeat he hears like an anchor. "Mr. S-Stark, I'm -" "Mmhm what was that? You're close?" Tony's voice drapes over his abdomen and  Peter ricochets hip upwards at the thought. Then a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
a weirdly soft and sexual fic
Praise Kink
Hallucinations
First Times
again this is entirely self indulgent and i am completely projecting
peter's submissive streak is the least surprising thing about him
slight D/s undertones
Peter Parker is in highschool
implied mental health issues
Angst
Mirror Sex
Tony Stark Has A Heart
emotional facefucking???
peter gets to name a cat
typical spidersuit sex
Eventual Happy Ending
sad but intense orgasms
pining openly and aggressively
canon but also not canon
Porn with Feelings

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

