Work Text:
“DONE! I AM DONE!” “Steve calm down, please.” “ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME! I WILL NOT STAND FOR THIS SHIT TONY.”“Baby, calm down. He didn’t mean it.”“Didn’t mean it? DIDN’T MEAN IT! Why did he send out a memo and announce it at the de-briefing. I mean it was one time, one time! And I thought you were dead.” said Steve annoyed and pissed off. The he in question happened to be Nick Fury’s replacement. His name was Derick Jacobi and he had been with SHIELD for three months now. Most of the time the group was able to avoid direct interaction with him because Phil was still their liaison therefore they’d only seen him a handful of times. During their first meeting Tony flirted heavily with Jacobi. He was a handsome man with dark eyes, olive skin and tall and muscular from what they could tell from his tailored suits. Steve hadn’t minded, Tony flirted with the whole world that was his hello. But when Jacobi flirted back Steve was pissed. Jacobi looked at Tony like a piece of meat, with hungry eyes intending to devour. He never doubted Tony’s fidelity, contrary to what the tabloids would like the public to believe. Jacobi was their supervisor and it was unprofessional behavior. After that Steve made it a point to have Tony deal only with Coulson. Still since Jacobi’s reign he had used Tony more at SHIELD’s headquarters and put Steve out on more out of town missions. He’d often keep Tony late or have him stay at SHIELD over night altogether. “FUCKIN’ PRICK!”“Steve!” Tony burst out laughing not being able to contain his laughter at Steve cursing this heavily. Tony’s laughter was infectious and soon enough Steve was joining too. “Look’s like I’m rubbing off on you, Cap” he teased affectionately. Steve never cursed before Tony.He walked closer to Tony and put his arm on his shoulder. “As long as I’m the only one, you’re rubbing off against.”“As if I’d let that prick touch me.” sniffed Tony indignantly. They were in their private quarters at SHIELD, those reserved for married employees only. Theirs was issued after they had married. Fury had caved and issued them one after Tony complained endlessly. (“Come on, a receptionist can have one but not Captain America?!”) They’d just come back from a de-briefing where Jacobi had warned ‘married’ SHIELD employees about public displays of affection. Hell, he’d even sent out a memo a week ago. During the declaration he had stared pointedly at Steve and had even tried to make him sign a written promise. Steve lost it at the point and stormed out of the room before he physically harmed Jacobi.  Tony followed him after whispering something to Jacobi. Coincidentally two days after Steve had kissed Tony during a mission the memo was sent.

***
“Iron Man, stand down I repeat STAND DOWN!” said Steve into his mic.“I got him, Cap!” Tony was flying directly towards Dr. Octavius with his repulsors pointed directly at his chest. “If you miss, the building will crash. We still haven’t determined if all the civilians have exited the premises.” “Jarvis has already scanned the building. It’s empty. Come on! It’s now or never, I got him!”Steve took a deep breath and gave the order, “Take the shot.”Tony fired at Octavius twice knocking him down. He flew down to his side to hold him while the rest of the team arrived to restrain him. Tony stood over his immobilized figure, and heard him laugh weakly. “What’s so funny, kujo?” asked Tony not seeing any humor in the situation. The guy was on the floor with all his plans ruined. His radioactive infused corpses were getting a beating from the Hulk and being electrified by Thor. “I,” cough “rigged the building,” pause “to blow! Hahahaha!” he looked up beyond Tony to the building that was directly behind him as it started to crumble. The seven story building fell directly on top of Tony burying him completely.  “TONY!! IRON MAN! REPORT STATUS. REPEAT, REPORT STATUS.” Steve could not believe what he’d just seen. “Hulk! Report to the building sight, immediately!” With the Hulk by his side Steve made his way to where he’d last seen Tony. Trying to contain his emotions he kept removing brick after brick in desperate hope of seeing the Iron Man armor. The work was made faster with the Hulk’s strength and size aiding his cause. He finally uncovered the armor. “TONY! TONY CAN YOU HEAR ME?’ The Hulk finished removing the last of the bricks around the armor and Iron Man now lay exposed. As usual the press had gotten wind of the situation and TV camera’s and news anchors were at the scene. Pedestrians and by standers also had their phone’s out filming the action. Most were at a respectable distance due to the Hulk’s presence. “Jarvis, please check Mr. Stark’s vitals.” commanded Steve desperately.
Sir, I am not getting a reading on Mr. Stark’s vitals. 
“Cap is Stark alright?” asked Natasha through the mic.“That’s what I’m trying to figure out.”“Jarvis, try searching for his vitals again.”
Captain Rogers, I regret to inform you but I am not detecting a hea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Rimming
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Kissing
Gay Sex
Possessive Behavior
Jealousy
Jealous Steve
One Shot
Superhusbands
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Fluff
Dirty Talk
Face-Fucking
Porn With Plot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

