Work Text:
Peter does not think.Or rather, he thinks but just in that rushed thoughtless way where thoughts go so fast through the brain they’re barely formed.It’s enough to make a decision.If he’s being honest, the decision has already been made years ago, the day he decided to wear a mask.
My identity is not worth more than someone else’s life.
That’s exactly why, when Flash is standing in front of a guy that threatens his life, Peter jumps.He hears screaming, shouts. He tunes them out.He always thought his identity would be revealed by one of his own villains, a personal enemy who would track him down. But this is nothing as dramatic. It’s not even because of an enemy of his.The bad guy of the day is after revenge against Flash Thompson.Peter will learn this later, but the bad guy is actually trying to hit Flash Thompson’s father by killing his son.But in that moment, Peter knows nothing of that. He doesn’t need to. He just sees a threat, a man trying to kill an innocent.The decathlon team are the last at school, they’re training extra hard for their next competition. The night is setting, it’s getting chillier by the day. The last days of summer are long gone, but they don’t pay attention to the cold or the dark. They’re all chatting and laughing, they did pretty good today and they’re feeling invincible.They’ve just left the school, every time they stay so late they have to take the back door so as not to trigger the alarms. The door leads to a dark empty alley, it doesn’t faze them anymore, they’re used to it. They will only stuck together for a few more minutes and everyone will be on their way home.That’s what always happens anyway. Every Tuesday night for the past five weeks, just like clockwork: at 6:55pm, the decathlon team leaves Midtown High School together by the back door, they walk together up the alley until they part ways.Tonight, the end of the alley is blocked: there’s a man standing. Now, that shouldn’t bother them, after all there are a lot of people in New York City.But the stranger is looking straight at them, just illuminated enough by the street light to show the furious set of his eyes and mouth.“Are, are his eyes glowing?” Ned stammers.“Okay, guys, time to go back inside!” Peters orders and he puts himself in front of his friends. He won’t let anything happen to them.“We can’t, the door locked itself up,” MJ says, her voice unwavering.The man is approaching them and they can see him better: white, in his 40s and he is staring with glowing red eyes right at Flash Thompson.“I only want Thompson,” he announces. His voice is raspy and deep, almost unnatural.“Yeah right, not happening, dude!” MJ shouts.One last crystal clear thought through Peter’s head until his mind shuts: he can kiss his secret identity goodbye.The man (Inhuman maybe? Or the result of an experiment? Got bitten by a radioactive jellyfish?) throws a dumpster at Flash with shake of his head.Peter jumps.He catches the dumpster.There’s a long – very long – silence, for a moment, the universe stops existing outside of this alley. It’s just them, and the realization that Peter Parker is not just an unassuming kid.The silence is broken when Peter throws the dumpster at the ground, in a snap the world comes back alive and loud.“What was that!” someone cries.“Well,” the stranger says, “that was unexpected.” His eyes have dimmed a little, probably out of curiosity, but Peter doesn’t relax one bit.“Come on,” he says the same way he would if he was wearing his costume. “What’s your problem with Flash anyway? He’s got a big mouth but he’s inoffensive.”“I’m not here to talk, kid.”It all goes very fast after that.Peter was planning on going patrolling, and so he is wearing his suit underneath his clothes. Small mercies, he guesses.Another dumpster is thrown his way, he manages to catch it too, while shielding his friends with his body and crying at them to get down. He shouts a web at the man’s face, blinding him, shouts a web at the roof to get momentum and kicks the man in the head.Under a minute, it’s over.The stranger lays on the ground, unconscious. In the distance, Peter can hear Queens bursting with life. It’s still the same as usual, just for a little while longer it’s the same as always.“You have to go! Now!” It’s Ned, he looks panicked. Why is he panicked? Peter stopped the bad guy.“I...”“What happened here?”Mr Harrington, who only now comes out the back door, looks wide-eyed at his students (shaken but alive), the dumpsters, and especially the tall unresponsive man on the ground.Flash steps up and Peter’s mind clears, he breathes in: this is it. He’ll never have normal again.“Spider-Man saved us from that guy,” Flash says. “You just missed him, sir, he left like thirty seconds ago.”
Wait, what?
“Yes!” Cindy gets up – her knees are scratched and her hair is a mess but she’s smiling. “It was epic! The man had red glowing eyes and he threw the dumpster with his mind!”“And Spidey just – ” Charles makes a booming noise “right
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Identity Reveal
People caring about Peter
Friendship
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

