Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The honeymoon. An event met with salacious winks and innuendo. Clint was the worst. He sent a condom tree to their room. Tony was the best, he sprung for one of those suites Darcy never believed were real. A movie set complete with billowing shear drapes. Pepper had packed her trousseau. A real thing. There was swimwear and lingerie and very little else. And the lingerie was barely more than teeny scrapes of fabric.The view from their room was awesome. Darcy took a shower to wash off the travel and then she changed into a slip of a dress until they decided what to do for dinner. Thor took his own shower while Darcy watched the ocean. The smell of the sea was tangy and hot, temperature wise. Just leaning against the railing she was already a little sweaty. They were high enough up to catch a cool breeze."When you stand just that way I can see your nethers." Thor hadn't exactly snuck up behind her but he was closer than she had originally thought and that was mildly startling. She didn't move from her position. Instead she spread her legs and pushed her ass out more. Then she shifted from side to side. He growled at her and she giggled. "Wanton little one. Very naughty.""Oh?" She replied coyly. "Are you going to punish me?"Thor groaned and palmed the thin fabric over her bare ass. He pulled her back by the hip and she realized he was only wearing his board shorts. He raised her arms up until she clasps her hands around his neck. Her back was fully arched and her breasts strained against the cream colored fabric."Legs apart." He commanded and she did her best without letting go. He slipped inside her like a rushing wave, stealing all sound from her throat, all breath from her lungs. Her feet barely touched the ground. Darcy was literally hanging off his dick."Fuck. Fuuucccck. Fuck. Fuuucccck." She was breathing in and out as he pulsed hotly inside her. That bulbous cockhead holding her in place threatening to breach her cervix. If he did she would die. If he didn't she wanted to die. "Soooooo deep! Thor! Oh my gawd! So deep."Already, Darcy was ready to pant through her first orgasm. He was filling her unrepentantly. He wasn't even moving his hips and he had taken over her whole body. She whimpered helplessly and somehow she shifted a minutia down."You grip me to tightly, Little One. Your sweet quim milks my length."Shut the fuck up Thor.Darcy was not ready to come yet.He seemed to content to hold her this way as the sun darkened the sky. His meaty hands ran from her face down her her breasts to her stomach. The overwhelming nature of things made Darcy slow on the uptake."Someone could see." She gasped out and tried to lower her arms. He thrust up, spearing her and startling her enough to make her tighten the hold."Aye." He whispered hotly in her ear before nibbling on the shell. Goosebumps raced along her thighs. He licked the curve and laughed. "I can feel how much you love this. You trickle with lust."Fuck. Fuck he was just so deliciously filthy sometimes. And he wasn't wrong, public sex had always been a fantasy. Not one she ever thought she'd indulge in though. Still, they weren't exactly advertising it but ten stories up wasn't actually that high and the beach plus the pool below was not empty. Darcy was struggling not to cry out from the strong sensations. Thor was doing his best to be subtle but at the best of times he was an anvil over the head."So soft." He murmured, nuzzling the side of her neck and tickling her with his beard. He was making these micro mini thrusts and each one made Darcy squeak. "Velvet squeezing my manhood." He said." I love the way your nether lips flutter around me."Thor reached down to touch her pussy lips, his palm lightly bumping her engorged clit and that was it. Darcy was shuddering and cumming around him with a muffled cry only just so when he caught her mouth with his. The angle was awkward but it worked and she spasmed hard when he speared up into her again."That's one." He said, pulling out still rock hard and wet with her. Darcy immediately pushed him back inside the room then dropped to her knees. She cleaned her juices off his dick, loving the grumbling grunts he was making. Darcy couldn't take her eyes off his fierce lust drunk face as she laved his cock."So pretty, my wife, pleasing me this way." Darcy took as much as she could in her mouth and used her tongue at the slit. He was leaking copious amounts of precum and she wondered why he did not cum inside her earlier. A loud dangerous rumble sounded in the distance and Darcy was perfectly okay with it raining the entire trip. She didn't care about Hawaii and the sights as much as she thought she would. Her whole world was narrowed down to this room and Thor taking her on every surface.Darcy slurped and slathered his dick in spit, then she nosed into his heavy balls. Kneeling as she was, Darcy was very aware of her bareness, wet and soft from recent use, inches from the tiled floor. She mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor

freeform: 
Smut
Honeymoon
Semi-Public Sex
Blow Jobs
Cunnilingus
Spanking
Breeding
Rough Sex
Object Insertion
inappropriate use of pearls
Mew-Mew is a good bro
Kidnapping
ummmmmmm
Fisting
Vaginal Fisting

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor

