Chapter 1: Prince Charming
    




Chapter Text
Peter was just finishing up his patrol when he heard a strangled scream. “Ugggggh really, why now” he groaned, the young omega had trig homework due the next morning that he hadn't even started on not to mention his shoulder was killing him from popping it back into place twice this evening. Looking down at his watch he groaned again. While it was barely 7 pm it was mid-September and the sun was already beginning to set earlier and when the sun set all little blood bags no matter how strong scurried home. Using his Spidey senses he swung towards the scream. Hopefully, this could be resolved quickly, the rents already hated the idea of their unclaimed omega son fighting crime, he couldn't risk coming home after the sunset alarm twice in one week. Landing atop a crumbling smokestack in a deserted factory district the young hero carefully surveyed the area. With a little shake, Peter exposed his large tawny ears to help better track the source of mayhem. It was far too early for any bloodsuckers to be out so this meant it was either a mortal or a were. Just then he saw a blur of red and black dashing into a boarded up and grossly condemned looking building. Scaling down the side of the building Peter slipped inside through a broken window, on entry he was shocked to see a woman crawling towards him with a long blade sticking out of her back. “Help me!” She begged limping to a stand, her hair deathly white and streaked with blood limbs twisted ghastly as she hobbled closer. “Ma'am are you-” Peter began but before he could reach her a second blade was whizzing through the air slicing through the woman's head and nearly missing Peter's shoulder. “NO!” He screamed catching her seconds before she hit the ground and evaporated into brimstone. “What the hell?” Peter exclaimed quickly dusting the burning ash off his arms before it rotted through his suit. “Score! One down one more to go!” a familiar voice whooped. Startled Peter let out a sharp shriek back flipping up from where he had been crouched. With a perfect roundhouse kick, he hit the person square in the face, they hardly seemed fazed and blurred passed him before skidding to a stop. “How's it hanging kitty cat” the blur which now revealed itself to be Deadpool smirked, popping his jaw back into place as he picked up his katanas and dusted the ash off them with two quick swipes. "I'd love to stay and ogle that beautiful booty but I'm on a mission,” he said with a sexy salute “Keep those buns warm for me Spideykins, I'll be right back!” he shouted over his shoulder kicking down a door and darting out. “Wait,” Peter called sprinting to catch up with the tall man “What the heck was that back there?" “Ha, heck, that's a funny old person word! Reaper trynna snag a snack, a snack being a soul, baby soul to be exact, they're supposed to be purer, stronger and taster. Don't ask me how I know.” The man wasn't even breaking a sweat while Peter was pretty sure his spleen was ready to burst if he kept up this breakneck speed. "And why do you care Pool?” Peter huffed skeptical of the mercenary's concern with demons. Just then Wade stopped his sprint and Peter collided into the man's back. Deadpool's back was more like a wall of muscle and the omega accidentally digging his nails into the man's shoulder steadying himself had to admit they were built like a brick wall. “Ahhhh fuck yeah that's nice” Deadpool moaned. Peter hissed angrily shoving the man away “You're so gross” Peter muttered as a blush ran up his cheeks.  In front of them was a large hole three times the size of a sewer top, its molten lava center resembling a fiery wound as it was slowly closing “What is that?" Peter asked sniffing and then immediately scrunching up his sensitive nose at the powerful sulfuric stench. "Hellhole. Motherfucker weaseled his way back down under!" Wade groaned letting out a string of Spanish curses. “Till next time you scaly backed cockroaches!” He shouted shaking his fist at the hole. Peter rolled his eyes at the man about to make a snarky comment when out of the corner of his eye he spied something moving in the shadows, letting out a hiss he leapfrogged over Wade's head and knocked the creature back. The demon let out a shriek turning to its true form and throwing Peter like a rag doll back against the wall from the heat blast, Peter scrambled back preparing his webs when Wade let out a shrill whistle. “Hey ugly, suck on this” Wade yelled stabbing the beast through its mouth. Twisting down he yanked the blade back out as the demon let out a sickening cry before turning to ash. “You alright baby boy,” Wade asked genuinely as he helped the young hero stand dusting the ash off him. “Yeah I'm good,” Peter said leaning forward on his hands and doing a full body shake ending when his tail fluffed itself out sending puffs of soot everywhere. “Adorable,” Wade said grinning. Peter rolled his eyes but he could feel his neck getting warm from
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Alternate Universe - Vampire
Were-Creatures
Anal Sex
Mating Bites
Mild Language
Fluff and Smut
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Animalistic Sex
Tony and Steve are Peters parents
EXPLICIT GIFS
Dubious Consent
Vampires/Deamons
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

