Chapter 1: I Got You
    


Notes:
Hey! So this is my first fanfic so if it sucks I'm really sorry, but yeah. Enjoy!




Chapter Text
Peter's heart stopped dead in it's tracks. 
He knew what was about to happen and he didn't like it. Not one bit.
 Peter watched with fear as the Rhino knocked down all the supporting beams to the building. Everything was moving in slow motion. This was all too familiar, and Peter felt panic spread throughout his whole body, weakening him. 
Pictures flashed in his mind of the night when Adrian Toomes collapsed that building on him, and his breath quickened at the thought of being trapped again. He remembered the tightness of the air, and the feeling of hopelessness and panic that had overwhelmed him that day. He really didn't want a repeat of that. In fact, he thought he never would, but oh was he wrong. He braced himself for the worst as those feelings of panic came to overwhelm him again. He never wanted to be in that situation again, yet there was nothing to do to prevent it this time. He could make out a familar female voice trying to converse with him, but he couldn't react or even focus on what she was saying. His panic was too much. At least he had the suit this time, right?
He should at least try to escape right? The thought bubbled within him, his spidey sense urging him to move, but he couldn't find the strength or will to. So He just stood there, waiting for the impact and watching in horror as the Rhino knocked out the last standing pillar.
Peter opened his eyes to find himself face down in the rubble. His brain registered all the pain at once. Everything hurts, and tears began to stream down his face when he tried to move. He felt a sharp pain like a knife, stabbing through all of his abdomen, and his right leg. Peter tried to move that leg, he heard a sickening snap, and he cried out in pain as he just realized he had just twisted the bone. 

Peter sucked in a breath, gasping for air, any air that he could get. The mask was making it difficult for him to breath, so he tried to pull it off with little success as his fingers fumbled at the edges. His hands were trembling too much for them to do any good. Peter tried to calm himself down and evaluate the situation. Maybe he could pull himself out like last time. Peter attempted to get on his hands and push himself up, but the pain was too much and he fell down back on his face. Peter began to sob.
The tears only suffocated him even more, but he didn't care. He just wanted to be at home with Aunt May, helping her cook dinner. He wanted to be anywhere but here.
What if he died here? Oh god. Peter tried to push the thought away, but he couldn't shake it. What would happen to Aunt May? She would feel so guilty, and she would have nobody to help take care of her. She would crumble. And what about Ned and MJ? Those were is only friends, how would they feel about him being gone? Ned would have nobody to stand up for him against bullies, and MJ wouldn't really have anyone to talk too. And oh god, what about Mr. Stark. He would feel so guilty, he would probably lock himself up in his workshop and hide form everyone and be depressed. He couldn't let this happen. Not to the people he cared about most.
Peter's sobs got louder and louder as more thoughts of his friends without him flooded his head. 
Peter sat there and sobbed for about 20 minutes before he thought he heard somebody walking throughout the rubble.
"Somebody!" Peter called out, his voice hoarse. "Help! Please!" 
He waited for an answer, but there was just silence.
"Please!" Peter called out again, sounding defeated." I can't....Please.."
Peter only sobbed harder when again, there was no reply. Maybe he was going insane and imagining things. What if this was one of the stages of dying. Oh god, was he dying? Peter started to panic at the thought. No, he would not die. Not today.
Peter laid there for another 30 minutes before hearing footsteps near him. They sounded heavy. Like metal clanging against concrete. Peter dismissed it though, thinking he was only just imagining things again.
But then he heard a familiar voice call out his name. 
The voice sounded hoarse and worried, like someone had been crying for hours.
"Hello?" Peter called out, his voice cracking as he tried to stifle another sob. He hoped the voice could hear him under all this rubble. 
"Peter!" The voice said even louder, as if it where getting closer. Peter's eyes widened once he realized who the voice belonged too. He heard the metallic boots come in his direction.
"Mr. Stark!" Peter called out hope now beginning to rise in his chest, realizing that now everything was going to be okay. He was going to be okay. 
"Peter!" Tony called out again, his voice cracking. Tears were streaming down Tony's own face. A panic still formed in his chest as he tried to look for any signs of Peter's body. He just wanted to have the boy in his arms and he wanted him safe. Was that too much to ask? "Where are-oh God.." 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Karen & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Peter-centric
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Feels
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Dad! Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Sensory Overload
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Karen & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

