Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony grunted, pulling harder against the handle. A small creak from the door had Tony bracing himself for one last tug – when a pair of hands grabbed his shoulders gently, stopping him in his tracks.He let said hands guide him slightly to the left, one trailing away, no doubt to grab the handle. Tony huffed, crossing his arms when he heard the door groan open. Of course he only needed one arm, Tony thought with a roll of his eyes.He sent a dirty look over to the owner of those arms, Steve just giving him a small shrug and nervous smile in return.Tony had a theory that somewhere, deep in the core code of Steve’s DNA, there was a certain combination that strung together to give him what Tony calls the ‘help’ gene. Very beneficial, but comes with the annoying side effect of incapability to not help. It was like Steve had a radar that was always searching for any hint of distress, body springing straight into action. Useful at times, of course, but Tony’s a grown ass man and no, he doesn’t need help reaching a mug on the top shelf.Steve swung the door all the way open, a blast of cold air blasting out in return. Tony shivered slightly, tugging at his sleeves as he stepped around Steve. His nose wrinkled instantly, the smell of dust and stale air tickling his nostrils. Light had flooded in when the door was opened, but darkness and shadows still remained, making this place a little bigger than he thought. The echoing steps he took once inside confirmed that fact.A buzzing sounded, accompanied by the familiar clicks of florescent lights flickering on.Walls of boxes burst into view, lining the room in neat little rows. They were mostly indistinguishable, except for coded labeling that was peeling on the sides of each one, jumbled numbers that sat in front of the same word:
Rebirth. 
“Well, I don’t know what I was expecting,” Tony sighed.“What, like Stevie’s secret stash of dirty magazines?” came a familiar drawl.A sputtering came from his right, as Bucky snickered to his left. “I never owned any of those!” Steve cried.“Oh, sorry,” Bucky continued, stepping further into the musty room, but not before shooting a wicked grin over his shoulder. “I must be thinking of mine.”Tony snorted, patting Steve on a blushing cheek, letting his eyes linger.Tony had another theory. That he, for as long as he was alive, would never not be attracted to Steve Rogers. There was never a bad look for him. Whether he was donned in the finest tux or covered in the unmentionables of the New York sewer system, Steve always burned bright. However, the slight dusting of pink that flashed over the blonde’s skin was always a personal favorite of his, if not more so, Bucky’s.Bucky had told Tony that the first time he’d seen Steve blush post serum, he almost cried from laughter. It was during the war, right after Steve swooped in and liberated the remainder of the 107th from behind HYDRA’s lines. Steve had managed to cart Bucky off to a dark and secluded corner of the weapons tent for some alone time, which, as they were an active war camp in the 1940’s, didn’t seem like the most rational thing to do.“Please,” Bucky said as he told Tony the story. “It’s Steve. Are you really that surprised?” “Like you were any better,” Steve had snapped back.Long story short, Steve ended up shirtless with a hand down his pants, while Bucky whispered less than saintly things into his ear. Which is how Bucky had made the discovery that the serum had enhanced, well, everything.Bucky described it as a drop of red paint dropping onto a blank sheet; Steve’s natural flush concentrated at his face, but slowly fanning out on to his body of white canvas. And usually, Tony would roll his eyes at the over dramatization, but he had to agree with Bucky on this one. He liked to think that getting a peek at Steve all riled up was bound to make Michelangelo cry.But for Bucky, being the ass that he is, who had spent his life cracking wise at pre-serum Steve’s rosy cheeks, was delighted to find out that it now spread all down Steve’s chest. In the end, they couldn’t even fool around, as Bucky’s laughs had alerted over half the camp. Steve hadn’t been amused.“You planning on helping, or are you just going to stand there?” Bucky’s voice finally broke his eyes away from Steve.Tony rolled his eyes, but dutifully branched off into a corner of the room, walking idly between the rows of boxes. He poked his head in a few, being met with nothing but stacks of paperwork. It’s not like they were looking anything in particular, but Tony had hoped for something a little more substantial.It was Steve’s idea; he was the man with the plan, after all. Bucky’s recovery has been a long and difficult road – not to say it wasn’t worth it. Tony was in constant awe of how strong that man was, how far he had come. But, despite the leaps and bounds that he’d made, there were still plenty of gaps. And while both he and Steve was more than happy to sit for days upon days, regaling 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sickfic
Hospitalization
Sick Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Temporary Character Death
I repeat
Very Temporary Character Death
Author has no medical knowledge
Violence
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

