Chapter 1: Exit, Pursued by a Bear
    




Chapter Text
He wakes up hot everywhere except his shoulders and head. He's aching all over, especially his head, and dizzy. He's soaking wet, and something very heavy is lying on him.Cryo, he thinks. But, no. He's outside, and most of him is far too hot for ice. The reason parts of him are cold is because he's on his back on rocky ground and it's pouring rain.There's a huge…robot…bear? Lying on him, muzzle so close its nose is touching his chin.It's a black bear, or mostly one. It's front legs and chest are metal, similar to his arm. They glisten under the rain.He uses his left arm to heave the robot bear's corpse off of him and sits up. The movement causes a rush of vertigo and he has to hold himself very still and breathe through his nose so he doesn't throw up. When he can lift his head he touches the back of his skull with the fingers of his flesh hand. They come away bloody. He lets the rain wash the blood away, looking around. He and the bear are at the bottom of a steep ravine, with a river behind him. His rifle is gone, though he can feel a distinct line of pain where it was hanging across his back. He can't see it when he looks around.It's not difficult to piece together what happened: He was fighting the robot bear. The robot bear lunged at him and they both tumbled down the side of the ravine. He aches because he must be bruised from the fall. He takes a few deep, experimental breaths, but the telltale pain in his ribs isn't incapacitating. His abdomen is tender where most of the bear's weight landed on him, but he's not allowed to remove his armor in the field so he'll have to wait to see the extent of the bruising. He can wiggle his toes in his boots and his knees bend without too much pain when he tries. So his worst injury must be a concussion, something he's sure of when he sees one of his knives sticking out of the bear's flesh-and-blood eye, but has no memory of stabbing it.He doesn't remember this mission. It might have been neutralizing the bear, or the bear might have been an obstacle to the actual objective. He feels a prickle of unease. He hates not knowing what's expected of him, because it makes it easier to fail. But they don't always tell him what he's supposed to do beforehand. Sometimes his handlers prefer giving him the relevant information in bits and pieces as he goes along. It's not his place to question.He'll find out what else may be required of him soon enough, but first he has to get back to his handler.He pulls his knife out of the dead bear's eye, wipes the blade clean on its wet fur and re-sheathes it, then takes a breath to steel himself, and stands.The instant he's on his feet he's hit with a wave of dizziness and pain. He was expecting that though, so he just rides it out, breathing slowly until he doesn't feel so much like he's going to throw up or pass out. He starts walking, going slowly because of his head. Climbing out of the ravine will be difficult, especially with the rain, but he's done more with worse injuries. (He's sure of that, even though he doesn't know why he's sure of it. He can't remember worse injuries; he just knows he's had them.) Climbing out is very, very difficult.It's slow going. He has to stop several times to rest until the world stops spinning, and his chest hurts every time he raises his arms. He loses his grip on the mud-slick stone a few times, once nearly sliding all the way back down. He's covered with mud and trembling with pain and fatigue by the time he finally pulls himself up onto level ground, and allows himself to lie there a minute with his eyes closed, just breathing. The ceaseless rain hits him like tiny, icy hammers all over his back. It hurts. Everything hurts.That's when he hears the shouting.
Bucky! Bucky! Can you hear me?
Bucky! C'mon, buddy, where are you?
Winter Soldier! Report!
He doesn't know who's missing, but the woman is shouting for him, so he pushes himself up to his knees and then to his feet. Yelling back is a little beyond him at the moment, and normally his handlers want him to be silent in the field anyway. So instead of replying he walks in the direction of her voice. She sounds familiar. All the voices do. He must have worked with this team before.He feels…comfortable, going towards them, which is interesting. Normally he has no opinion about the people assigned to work with him at all.A missile shaped like a gold and red manikin swoops in from above the tree line.He draws his sidearm, planting his feet so he won't sway with the suddenness of his own motion. He holds the gun in both hands to make sure his aim is still good. Keeping his eyes on the missile makes him dizzier, but he can shoot it down if he has to."Whoa!" The missile changes position so that its feet are hovering above the ground and its hands are raised non-threateningly. "Hey, Brownielocks, I'm not going to steal your porridge. Please don't shoot me."Is 'Brownielocks' his codename for this mis
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Amnesia
Angst with a Happy Ending
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
They Get Hugs Goddamnit
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Care and Feeding of Feral Winter Soldiers
Bucky Barnes' Ridiculous Moose Hoodie
The Author Regrets Nothing
The Author Regrets Everything
The Author is Hopelessly Self-Indulgent
OTP: Till the End of the Line

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Sam Wilson & Clint Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

