Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony shakily raised his hand to the door. He would've liked to say he was shaking from the cold, but in reality he was shaking with fear. If Steve found out Tony wasn't in his shop... there would be hell to pay.Tony knocked.The door swung open, and a young boy glared at him with piercing blue eyes."You're Tony Stark." The boy said flatly, his voice filled with a posh arrogance. He glared at Tony like something he had scraped off the bottom of his shoe."Yes, I-" Tony started."Damian!" A familiar voice from in the house shouted. Tony had to resist crying with relief at hearing it. "Who's at the door?""That idiot Tony Stark, the one who flies around in a metal suit!" The boy shouted back."Then for the love of god, let him in, Damian! It's freezing out there!" The voice shouted back. The boy scowled at that, but stepped aside from the doorway to let Tony in.Tony's heart melted when he saw Bruce Wayne standing in the living room, cleaning up broken shards of something."Bruce, it's good to see you." Tony smirked a bit. "Nice kid, by the way. Domesticated looks good on you."Bruce shot Tony a glare that held no heat, Tony could see the smile in his old friend's eyes. Bruce wore a plain white tee shirt with some random stains, a pair of white wash jeans with ripped knees, and no footwear. Tony would've scolded Bruce for that, but who was he to give a lecture on safety? Bruce's hair was a wild mess, and he looked as handsome as Tony remembered."Tony, it's good to see you." Bruce set down the glass shard in his hands and gave Tony a light hug. Neither of them were ones for hugging, but their friendship was beyond that.Bruce smiled, but there was worry and tension in his eyes. Tony didn't blame him. Tony wasn't the type for random drop bys, and if he showed up unannounced, after not seeing each other for too long, there was always going to be a reason.Tony had always admired Bruce. The two understood each other on a level most people couldn't begin to comprehend. Tony had been one of the first people to figure out that Bruce was the Dark Knight, and it baffled him how it wasn't more obvious to the public. Tony may have been a genius, but Bruce was just as smart, in his own ways. Bruce had a way of following breadcrumbs Tony couldn't even see, and solved mysteries before Tony even had all the clues. Bruce could read people, and with the cowl, he could easily make anyone, criminal or not, putty in his hands. But beyond seeing Bruce as an extraordinary man, Tony saw him as a good friend, one of the few people he could trust, and didn't have a biased view.  
"Why do we have to go some funeral?" Tony pouted.
His mother pursed her lips. "Because, bambino, we're good friends with the Waynes, and it's only right to pay our respects. Just be quiet and respectful, Anthony." She said firmly.  Tony scowled and tugged at the black suit he was wearing as they sat in the limousine.
"It's a shame for them to die so brutally like that." Uncle Obie shook his head. "I always knew Gotham was too violent. A damned shame. And to think they left behind a son only Tony's age." The man sounded like he was trying to look sorrowful, but Tony saw through it.

The funeral was quiet and depressing, and Tony tried his hardest to hide in the shadows as people paid their respects to the fresh plots. Tony was young, but he could see the faux sympathy and masks people had on as they talked about how sorry they were for such a tragedy. Tony saw a boy, his age, black hair matching his black suit, and a pair of angry blue eyes. He knew Bruce saw through these people too. Their eyes met, and Tony gave him a truly sorrowful look, and offered Bruce a small smile. Bruce's glare simmered, and he smiled softly back, comforted that someone genuinely cared.
 
Eight years later, it was Tony's last name on the funeral invites. He watched as everyone acted just as fake as they had for the Waynes, and knew that they didn't care about his parents. They just cared about the will, the money, the company. Even Uncle Obie didn't seem that distraught by Howard and Maria's deaths.

Tony stared at the fresh plots, his fists balled at his side. He wanted to scream. A hand landed on his shoulder, and Tony turned to face a familiar pair of blue eyes.

Bruce had grown as well, and was a formidable teenager, looking professional and handsome. Unlike everyone else, Bruce truly looked sorry. Beyond that, he gave Tony a look that said he understood. Because Bruce really was the only one who understood what Tony was going through. And Tony was grateful that he wasn't alone.
 
A few more years later, they were both eighteen, legally adults, but still young and treated like children. They were both at some gala, and Tony could tell Bruce hated it just as much as he did, and he convinced the young Wayne to escape onto the rooftop with him for fun.

They spent the whole night there, talking about anything and everything. Tony was ecstatic to actua
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Angst
Crossover
DC and Marvel
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Stony Friendly
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
BAMF Bruce
Bat Family
Bat Family Adopts Tony
IronBat - Freeform
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Hurt Tony Stark
T'Challa (Marvel) Is a Good Bro
Angst with a Happy Ending
I'm Bad At Tagging
What Was I Thinking?
What Have I Done
I'm Sorry

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

