Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
 

"You got a fetish for my love. I push you out and you come right back." - Selena Gomez (Fetish)

Bucky didn’t know her name, but she was going to make him late for the mission briefing down the hall. He’d seen her in the lab on the rare occasion he had a reason to be there, but here she was standing in front of him with papers scattered all over the hallway. He was placing the blame firmly on her; she’d come around the corner at full tilt with a stack of loose papers clutched in her arms. It wasn’t his fault she was too busy looking at her phone to see where she was going. It wasn’t his fault she’d walked right into him. Civilians.He’d pushed down the annoyance and reached out a hand to grab her arm. She would have fallen flat on her ass otherwise. He hadn't been able to save the reports she’d been carrying, though. Those had flown up into the air and landed like confetti all around them.“Oh, shit,” she muttered, pulling away from him and dropping to her knees to gather her precious papers. Bucky looked at his watch and then down at her. Yeah, he was going to be late.“Here,” he said, “let me help you.”“Uh, thanks, dude. Sorry, I didn’t see you coming.”He bit back his response, which was to point out that she’d had her nose stuck in her phone, and instead, squatted down to help her gather up the sheets of paper. They had a list of targets and mission objectives on them. “What’s this?” he asked. Bucky thought she was one of the science nerds. She shouldn’t have the information she did. He immediately wondered if she was a mole, trying to sneak out information.She crawled down the hall on her hands and knees, grabbing papers as she went. “Fury gave me one job to do, and I fuck it up. Don’t look at the things. They are classified things. In fact,” she said, pushing herself up to her feet, “give them to me. You aren't allowed to…”He watched her eyes widen as she realized who she’d run into. Bucky wished he could say that he’d gotten used to the way people looked at him from the corner of their eyes or the way people in the building would avoid walking near him. He’d even caught some of the lower level employees trying to covertly take pictures of him with their cell phones in the lobby of the building. It all just made him feel like a fucking freak. Now he was going to be late for the briefing and she was going to make him feel like shit. Great.“Well, uh, so I guess you can look at the papers after all. Because you’re, like, totally on the team and stuff and... “ She inhaled and blew her breath sharply out the corner of her mouth to lift a lock of hair off her forehead. “Jesus, I need a drink,” she muttered.He’d come to the decision that she wasn’t a mole at all. She was too flustered to be a mole. Or she was the best actress he’d ever seen. “Are you working for Fury?”“Uh, not fucking likely,” she said before bending over to pick up two papers at her feet.She was a very confusing person. He scooped up the last few sheets and thrust his hand out to offer them to her. “Here,” he told her.“Sorry, for disturbing your space like that, dude. Fury asked me to make copies and bring them to the briefing, and I was thinking that this was like an audition or something. I mean, working for Jane is cool and all, but, like, Fury can pay me way more than science can. Science doesn’t pay shit when you’re not a genius. I’m not a genius, if you couldn’t tell. Then again, science doesn't pay much even if you are a genius. So, yeah, audition and copies and then–boom–you.”Bucky stared at her, still holding out the papers. She snatched them away and added them to her pile. “I have no idea what you just said to me,” he admitted.“Yeah, me neither.” She looked at her phone and groaned. “Fuck, I’m late, and I don’t even know where the conference room is.”“It’s this way,” he told her, nodding down the hall. She fell into step behind him, and he could hear her shuffling the papers to get them all turned in the right direction.“Can you, like, feel stuff with your fingers?” she asked.Bucky turned his head to look at her. “What?”She lifted her hand and wiggled her fingers. “The metal ones. Can you feel stuff? Or is it just… metal?”He stopped walking and turned to face her. No one asked him about his arm. No one. Sometimes he wished they would so it wouldn’t be such a taboo thing, so he wouldn’t have to endure nosey people taking furtive pictures of him like he didn’t know exactly what they were up to. “Yes,” he said after a moment.“So, yes to feeling stuff or yes to just metal?”He turned back around to keep walking. She hurried after him. “Yes to feeling stuff,” he answered.“Huh, that’s pretty cool. They had that technology back in the forties?”Who the fuck was this girl? She obviously knew who he was, but she sure as shit didn’t seem to care that much about how dangerous everyone made him out to be. “Guess so,” he replied, turning a corner. The room was at the end of the hall.She was hot on his he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Angst with a Happy Ending
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Dirty Talk
Office Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

