Chapter 1: Who We Make Ourselves to Be
    


Notes:
Here's a playlist (sort of) for this fic. Mostly I just like sharing music in hopes that someone will find something they really enjoy.And here's my Tumblr, where there is a lot of Marvel stuff and updates on what I'm writing.Some chapters have been updated with re-worked versions, which should have more streamlined wording and no typos. The others I am still working on. If you see any errors, feel free to point them out and I will fix them.




Chapter Text
"Little angel go away, Come again some other day. The devil has my ear today, I'll never hear a word you say. He promised I would find a little solace, And some piece of mind. Whatever, just as long as I don't feel so:
Desperate and ravenous. I'm so weak and powerless."
-Weak and Powerless by A Perfect Circle
-o-o-o-


 Red.

Sins, smiles, shadows.

 Gold.

Desire, disappointment, despair.

Blue.

Lies, loathing, leaving.
Colors flashed through his mind in torrents. Memories stripped to only the barest of impressions roared up from silence, reasserting awareness of the world. He gasped at the sudden influx, lungs deflating uselessly as thoughts slammed back into his mind. For minutes they blared, loud and high and demanding. Then the vivid splashes faded back into a tolerable murmur, leaving nothing behind but a sea of darkness.
Stretching infinitely before him, the void devoured all light. No stars were permitted to enter. The darkness was complete, and even summoned fire could illuminate naught but pale, taut flesh. It was like existence ceased to be: a true epitome of nothingness.
But something did exist there, suspended in the inky black. The void was both Loki's home and prison. At times, it was all he could remember. To think that something existed beyond it, beyond black, was ludicrous. Only in memory and magic was there something different, and even then it was just a hopeless mockery. He was never going to get out of the void. He fell in, and now he would stay forever.
When Loki let go of the spear, he had expected to die. It was a decision born of despair and guilt; it was supposed to be easy. He let go. He fell. And as his brother—reaching in vain, shouting his name—faded from sight along with his father—“No, Loki”—he'd expected the void to swallow him, to kill him. He'd expected his suffering to end. Everything else had been taken from him, and all he could ask for was the finale, a curtain closed on his unwanted life.
But in the end, even that was denied him. The void took the stars, the warmth, the air, but it did not take him. His lungs seared infinitely, but he did not die. Hunger hollowed him, but he did not die. Thoughts tore into him, fueled by the black, black, black surrounding him, but there was no reprieve; he did not die. It was supposed to be over quickly.
Loki gave a breathless laugh at the thought, his arms wrapped protectively around his shuddering chest. After all, it was truly hilarious how everything had gone wrong in just a few days. It had taken an hour of asphyxiating in the void for him to realize that he had made a horrible mistake. For all of its emptiness, the abyss was still a metaphysical plane of existence in the Nine Realms. It was reminiscent of deep space, devoid of means of survival, but it wasn't the same. He had screamed without sound when he realized just what he had doomed himself to. He had wanted to be rid of his sorrows; now sorrow was all he had left.
The first few days had somehow been the worst. Even though the world was nothing but a blur of intense pain, it was not as bad as the beginning had been; in the beginning, he still had hope. He'd thought that maybe he could die, though logically he knew it was impossible. Or maybe, just maybe, someone would come looking for him. His brother—no, not brother, but he wanted Thor to be—would barrel in with that damnable hammer, laughing and ridiculously forgiving. It'd never happen, but lost in timeless pitch, Loki hoped and dreamed. There were times that he had deluded himself so fully that he thought for sure he'd be rescued. When he wasn't, he twisted and strained, searching futilely for life or liberty. He would spend hours teleporting himself, envisioning anywhere that wasn't there in hope that something would click. But there was only that familiar feeling of twisting in his guts and rippling on his skin as he relocated himself to another expanse of emptiness. At least, he thought he moved. He couldn't tell when everything looked the same.
Then a month went by, filled with nothing but black and agony and black, and he faced the truth: no one was coming for him. He messed up one too many times, and this was his punishment—to float forever in shadow, denied any realm to call his home. Not Asgard, not even Jotunheim. Just the forgotten space in between.
And Loki knew what this place was doing to him. He was tenacious, using everything that he learned in his thousand years of life to keep his mind togethe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Needs a Hug
Avenger Loki
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Queerplatonic Relationships

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark

