Chapter 1





Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)"I'm sorry, Mr. Stark," Dr. Wu said after glancing again at a wall of x-rays that Tony felt were only there to give him something to look at other than Tony. "You have recovered better than expected, but there are limitations to the human body's resilience. You will never be as fit as you were even a few years ago, when I had expected you to retire from your other career as Iron Man."Tony knew that very well. He'd been opened like a gutted fish once in a cave in Afghanistan, a second time in Dr. Wu's much more congenial surgical suite in Beijing to remove the shrapnel and arc reactor case and then insert a sternum and partial rib cage grown from pig bones or something like that, and then a third time Dr. Wu had applied his skills to patch up the bits and pieces left after Siberia. Tony didn't have good days anymore. He used to at least have days when he could choose distraction through saving the world over painkillers or booze to numb the pain.Used to."I can't retire Iron Man. That's not an option." Tony glanced at Pepper, who was sitting next to him and holding his hand. She didn't look happy, but she nodded."The world needs Iron Man, now more than ever," she said. Something big was coming, they all knew it even without Thor dropping in on Dr. Strange who had then floated into the hospital and given advice to the surgeons working to save Tony's life. He'd returned later to tell Tony that the vision he'd seen wasn't implausible, however much input Wanda had in it.Dr. Wu sighed. "Perhaps something can be done in a few years. Better materials, better techniques. On your suggestion I have been speaking with Dr. Cho and her Cradle is a remarkable breakthrough. But I fear it is not suitable for Mr. Stark at this time.""Can we get Dr. Cho in on this conversation?" Pepper asked."I believe so, I had anticipated your request." Dr. Wu tapped on a recessed keyboard and one of the x-rays changed into a blank screen, and a moment later Dr. Cho's new laboratory at S.I. filled the screen. Dr. Cho entered the picture and smiled, nodding. "Dr. Wu. Miss Potts. Mr. Stark," she said politely. "I have studied your medical records, as provided by Dr. Wu, with your permission. We are in agreement that the Cradle is currently unable to do as you require. Soft tissue printing has its limitations."Tony leaned forward. "Limitations are meant to be exceeded. Nothing succeeds like excess."Dr. Cho looked down at something on her desk out of range of the video pickup. "Mr. Stark, there are technical difficulties. The Cradle has never been used for anything as drastic as you suggest. Rebuilding your heart, restoring the lung tissue sacrificed to make room for the arc reactor, and then completely replacing your sternum and ribcage... it's simply more than the Cradle, in its present state of development, can do.""It made Vision.""Yes, that's true," Dr. Cho agreed. "But it was only possible because Vision is entirely an amalgamation of human tissue and Vibranium. Pure Vibranium infused as a large part of a living being is incompatible. The simulations were uniformly negative."Dr. Wu had been listening. Now he added, "I have conferred with Dr. Cho and agree. It absorbs vibrations, including muscle contractions, and does not permit them to continue.""Hmm," Tony said. "What if there was a Vibranium-steel alloy that didn't behave like that? An alloy that instead converted vibrations into a cycle? So, you know, if you threw it, it returned to your hand." Tony made a throwing gesture, followed by pretending to catch something.Pepper lifted her chin, and smiled, slowly. She said softly, "Oh."Dr. Wu and Dr. Cho exchanged glances. Dr. Wu shrugged. Dr. Cho said, cautiously, "If such an alloy existed, it might be possible. I'd have to run tests to be sure.""Oh, it exists. I have twelve pounds of it. It was created seventy years ago, in a never duplicated accident." Tony tilted his head back and laughed. "Thanks, Dad. "
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Injury Recovery
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
None
