Work Text:
Getting up at the buttcrack of dawn after fighting aliens with the Avengers so that he could ride back down to Queens and go to school was definitely not a high point in Peter’s life.  Objectively it should be awesome, getting chauffeured in one of Tony’s fancy cars, but with every mile that Peter put between himself and the Avengers HQ, the more surreal the whole thing felt.
The impromptu sleepover had been amazing, of course. Once the Avengers had found out about his age, there hadn’t really been any reason to keep his mask on. Halfway through the party he had abandoned it, somewhat self-conscious about being the only masked person in the room.  
Besides, he wasn’t famous or anything, and there was zero chance that any of the Avengers would know who he was, beyond him being a high schooler named Peter with some terrible mask-hair.
Taking off his mask had the added benefit of shushing Karen, who had started offering decidedly unhelpful things like “Do your Thor impersonation!” or “Ask Hawkeye to shoot an apple off your head!”  He’d be angrier but he found it almost sweet that Karen remembered the things he idly commented on while in costume.
At one point Scarlet Witch had cornered him in the kitchen, approaching him just after he’d shoved an entire handful of cheese puffs in his mouth.  He’d tried to say ‘Hi!’ anyway with predictable results, and then had frozen in terror when he realized that she could, like, send him flying into the moon or something for getting secondhand cheese puff on her jacket.  Instead she had laughed, patted him on the head, and said, “Perhaps now I won’t be referred to as the kid.”
“You’re welcome?” Peter had said after hastily trying to swallow entirely too many cheese puffs --why was he the way he was? -- but she’d already turned away, joining Vision in front of a screen showing the Hulk tripping over a lamp post he’d just knocked over.
“You showed great valor today,” Thor had told him gravely, patting him on the shoulder hard enough to send him stumbling forward. “And I applaud your choice in entertainment.” He gestured to the screens, which were still rolling through what was essentially an hour-long blooper reel of superhero fails.  
“No problem, just trying to do my part,” Peter had said, trying to figure out if he should be staring at Thor’s perfect face or his biceps, which were roughly larger than Peter’s entire torso.  
Thor had laughed, a great booming sound, and offered up his hand for a high-five.  It was the greatest high-five of Peter’s life.  
The rest of the We-Saved-New-York celebration was a blur of Peter meeting lifelong heroes and laughing and he was pretty sure that he had challenged Black Widow to a dance-off at one point, obviously when he was giddy from exhaustion, and he was actually somewhat disappointed that she hadn’t taken him up on it.
Tony had, but the less he thought of that, the better.
He’d fallen asleep in the room Tony had intended to be his when he’d offered up a spot on the Avengers, only to have been awakened after too-little sleep by Tony’s A.I. informing him that Happy was ready to drive him to school.
He was set on clothes, at least -- Tony had given him a Stark Industries shirt that fit along with some plain black sweatpants that he strongly suspected belonged to Black Widow, given that they actually fit him, which was something he was definitely not going to think about all day.  
The problem was that prior to battling aliens, he’d stashed his backpack -- and more importantly, his homework -- in an alley near Midtown.  
He glanced at his phone again and decided it was a decent enough hour to wake Ned up.  
“Peter!” Ned was breathless, like he’d been waiting for Peter to call.  “Dude, I saw you on the news! And not like regular news, but freakin’ international news. You fought aliens!”
“Yeah I did,” Peter said proudly.  
“Aliens! So awesome, dude. Did you punch one in the face and say, ‘Welcome to Earth?”” 
The smile fell off Peter’s face. “I didn’t!”  He was so disappointed in himself.  He’d had the opportunity of a lifetime and he hadn’t lived the dream.  
“Peter, are you serious? We talked about this,” Ned sighed.  “Next you’re going to tell me you didn’t ask what happened to Thor’s flowing locks.”
“It didn’t come up,” Peter admitted. “I did, however, ruin Captain America’s life, because apparently the Fitness Challenge was something he was keeping on the down low from the other Avengers.”
“Ballsy move,” Ned said. “Not sure I would have taken that route to friendship, but you do you, buddy.”
“I realize it was probably a mistake but it was my only move at the time,” Peter said. “Also, I need you to do something for me. I left my backpack in Midtown?”
“Dude, that’s so far out of the way,” Ned groaned. “Are you sure you can’t just web your way over?”
“Happy’s driving me to school,” Peter said. “No time for pit stops. You know what thin ice I’m on, attendance-wise.”
“You owe me,” Ned said.
“I’ll let you touch Black Widow’s pant
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Fluff and Humor
Team Bonding
Accidental Spider-Dad Tony Stark
Steve Rogers is a Troll
Secret Identity Fail
Revenge is Sweet

fandom: 
None
