Chapter 1: Civil War
    




Chapter Text
“Hey Tony, this is Bruce. I want you to call me as soon as you get this. It’s very important. Just… just call back.” Tony saw Bruce had left a voice mail just after talking to Ross who had given him 36 hours to capture the rest of the Avengers? The Rogues? Steve and the Cronies? Whatever. Bruce sounded tense. He decided to call him. Maybe he will be able to get his mind off the mess.
Bruce picked up just after one ring.
“Hey love, you called. Is everything alright? You sounded tense.” Tony could hear Bruce inhale sharply at that. 
“Listen Tony, where are you now? What is going on your front? I need you to come back. If you can’t, I’d get there. I need to tell you something. It’s urgent.”
“You are scaring me B. Are you hurt?” Dread settled in, if there is one thing he is incapable to deal with, it was Bruce being hurt. 
“No love, I’m fine. Just tell me, what is going on and if you can come back?”
“Ross has given me thirty six hours to capture Rogers, Barnes and Wilson, I fear they might try something so I am coming to New York to get that Spiderling.” Tony would have preferred someone who is not a teenager but getting the League or the X-Men involved in the Avengers business would not be good for future, publicity and all that shit, so he decided to go for the third party.
“New York? Before you go to meet him, I want you to come to the Tower. I will meet you there.”
“Bruce tell me, is everything alright? Baby, you are scaring me. Please.”
“I am fine and I will meet you at the Tower. Just get there.”
By the tone of Bruce’ voice, Tony was sure something was wrong. Things were already bad and he knew Bruce wouldn’t have called Tony back had whatever he wanted to say been something he could have dealt with easily. Situation must have been really dire and something akin to dread was settling in his stomach. He just hopes Bruce is unharmed.
~*~
Bruce was there when he landed at the Tower. He had a somber look on his face which made Tony’ nerves jump up even more. The bad feeling he had on the way to New York intensified tenfold for some unknown reason. 
Bruce stood up when he saw Tony and led him to the couch. He had a protective arm around Tony as if he could protect him from what he was about to tell him. 
“I… Uh, I started to gather intel on Barnes after the blast and… I found… Tony listen, I know… I won’t expect you to be calm but… please don’t make any rash decision after… just…”
Tony had never heard Bruce talk like that. He was always confident and calm in any situation. He was certain of what he said but this, this was unnerving. It was so unlike Bruce that he almost did not even want to know. Almost.
“B, what is it?”
“Barnes, or rather Winter Soldier killed your parents.” Bruce said in a rush. Silence rang in the room after that. Tony’s face lost all color. He could not believe that for a second. But it was Bruce who said it, he would never lie, at least never to Tony, not about something this important. 
“I asked my contacts as I was trying to gather information on Winter Soldier and I found a video, he was sent there to retrieve the Super Soldier Serum and he killed your parents. It was not an accident.”
And he retched. He spilled all of his breakfast on the rug. His parents’ faces swam before his eyes. All this time he believed it was Howard’ fault, that he killed his mom. He fucking hated that man for this. All his life. It felt like the world tilted on its axis. His life could have been completely different. He would have had his mom but Barnes took her away. His mom. It feels like losing his parents all over again.
“I am going to kill him. I am going to kill that son of a bitch.” Hot anger burned in his veins, the desire to avenge his mother was the only thing he could feel other than utter despair. He concentrated on anger, otherwise he will break down crying. Is this how Bruce felt? Is this how T’Challa felt?
“Let it out Tony. Let yourself grieve. Cry.” Bruce tightened his arms around Tony and whispered in his ears, his voice soothing.
And the tears streamed down his face. All the grief, the pain, he let it out. He cried for his mom. He cried for Howard too. He was a shit father but he was Tony’ father nonetheless. He cried for what it could have been. What he couldn’t have given to have his mother’ arms around him, to have her hold his face in her hand and caress his hair. He used to lie down in her lap and she would run her fingers through his hair. What he wouldn’t give to have it once more. Barnes took it away. 
“He killed my mom. I-I thought…” 
“It’ll be okay. I’m here. I’m here.”
Tony buried his face in Bruce’ neck. Bruce’ arms were like a security blanket, he was Tony’ center in the middle of the storm. 
After a while he calmed down a little bit. By now they both were lying on the couch with Tony’ head firmly on Bruce’ chest and his arms were holding Tony tight against him. 
“He was brainwashed…” Bruce started.
“I don’t care. He killed my mom.”
“He w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Bruce Wayne & Clark Kent

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Bruce Wayne is Batman
Protective Bruce Wayne
Angst
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Angst
Sokovia Accords
Husbands
Rich - Freeform
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bruce Wayne
Not Steve Friendly
Wanda Is A Bitch
Bruce Wayne Feels
Dark Bruce Wayne
BAMF Clark Kent
BAMF Lois Lane
Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Bruce Wayne & Clark Kent

