Chapter 1: Conflicts
    




Chapter Text
Never before had Peter considered the possibility that Venom, one of his worst enemies, may have been holding back when attacking him during their previous encounters. But now he was certain that that had been the case. Why the sudden change of mind? For the past month, where Venom had only appeared once and a while, he was showing up several times a week. Each battle between them was heated and Venom's attacks relentless. From what Peter could tell, he seemed angrier and angrier every time. He had the usually energetic Spider-Man exhausted from his constant pursuits.The famed hero contemplated this strange change in behavior as he headed home from school. He had decided to simply walk home today instead of web-swinging due to the aching in his arms. His backpack weighed heavily on his slumped shoulders. Whatever the reasoning behind Venom's aggression was he had to put an end to it soon; otherwise he'd end up collapsing from fatigue mid-web-swing one of these days.Peter heaved a sigh, unlocking the door to his apartment and stepping in."I'm home, Aunt May!""I'm in the kitchen!"The unmistakable smell of wheat cakes reached the college student; Peter's favorite. Aunt May never failed to cheer him up, bless the woman. He smiled to himself and padded into the room, finding her wiping the flour-dusted counter off."Welcome home, sweetie. I--"  Her voice cut off when she looked up. The elderly woman's eyebrows furrowed as she straightened. "Peter, you don't look so good. Are you all right? Did something happen at school?""What? Oh, yeah, I just... Schoolwork's been tough, is all. Nothing that new." Peter shuffled up to the counter and gave his beloved guardian a swift side-hug. "When'll the cake be ready?"Aunt May clearly wasn't convinced by his claim and had noticed his haste to change the subject, judging by the look she gave him. She knew Peter all too well. Despite her apparent suspicions she dropped the topic, much to Peter's gratitude."'Bout fifteen minutes. I'll call you when they're ready.""Thanks!"He trooped down the hall and into his room, slinging his backpack onto his desk chair and collapsing onto his bed facedown. Subconsciously, he wondered whether he could squeeze a few winks into fifteen minutes.It wasn't but a few moments until Peter found himself thinking about Venom again. He suppressed a groan. He couldn't escape the villain in real life and now he couldn't in his mind, either. The truth was that the great hero was scared of what could happen if this war between them continued at this rate. If he couldn't fit a complete recovery in between their disputes he was sure to falter enough to make his downfall. Peter's eyelids drooped. He was already in his decline and, in their past several brawls, he had cut it closer than he would have liked. In their last battle he had hardly managed to make an escape by losing Venom in a maze of a high school building. (It was lucky that everyone was out for summer break.)Before he knew it, Peter was falling into a deep, much-needed slumber. He was going to do it. He was going to kill Peter Parker. Spider-Man. His arch-nemesis, both to his human host and his symbiote. Venom had been crouched outside the window of Peter's apartment, sticking to the wall on his fingertips for about an hour now, waiting for his target to arrive. Finally, he was home, unknowingly walking into the jaws of the beast. Said beast listened closely to his prey's movements. After a surprisingly short amount of time he observed the steady sound of breathing that could only mean he was asleep.The dark mass of muscle squeezed through the window and crept toward the student's bedside. He leaned over the unconscious body. This was perfect. Peter wasn't fighting back nor making snarky comments; he was so perfectly...accepting. Venom would almost have felt ashamed to make such a dirty move--killing someone in their sleep, that is--but, in all honesty, he was so aggravated at this point that it didn't matter anymore. He needed to get rid of him, this nuisance called Spider-Man, once and for all.His soft human heart twanged deep within him and he winced. Hesitation washed over him. No, he would do this, finish this. He couldn't bear it any longer, the burning that the little spider lit in his chest.Venom brought a hand close to Peter's neck, claws ready to slit his throat...that pale-skinned throat, so vulnerable without his trademark red and blue suit....his neck, warmly-lit by the faint dusk light filtering through the window...his face, expression so peaceful now that he was free of worry in his dreams...his breath, billowing sweetly and tickling Venom's chest...Anger shot through Venom like a bullet. He lifted his hand to strike."Peter! The cake is ready!"The symbiote twitched at the voice that echoed down the hall, freezing with his hand still poised in the air. He internally willed her to go away with a silent snarl."Peter?"Footsteps approached.A gro
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Venom/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Venom
Peter Parker/Eddie Brock
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Spider-Man/Venom
Venom/Spider-Man
Eddie Brock/Spider-Man
Spider-Man/Eddie Brock
Venom Symbiote/Spider-Man
Spider-Man/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Venom Symbiote/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Marvel - Freeform
mcu - Freeform
College Student Peter
Anal Sex
Unrequited Love
Internal Conflict
Sexual Content
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Sex
Possessive Venom
Gentle Sex
Loss of Virginity
Adult Peter
Virginity
Relationship(s)
Aged-Up Character(s)
Conflict
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Fluff
Smut
Porn With Plot
Fluff and Smut
Developing Relationship
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Eventual Fluff
First Time
My First Fanfic
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Venom/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Venom
Peter Parker/Eddie Brock
Eddie Brock/Peter Parker
Spider-Man/Venom
Venom/Spider-Man
Eddie Brock/Spider-Man
Spider-Man/Eddie Brock
Venom Symbiote/Spider-Man
Spider-Man/Venom Symbiote
Peter Parker/Venom Symbiote
Venom Symbiote/Peter Parker

