Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Good morning, Boss. The date is –”“Mute.”FRIDAY went quiet immediately. Tony might have felt a speck of guilt over muting her, but the truth was he already knew what day it was and he had zero desire to be reminded of it again. He’d been awake for the past three hours dwelling on it, and that was only because he’d almost welded his hand to a gauntlet at 5am. Rhodey had made it a rule a long time ago that Tony was forbidden from being in the workshop when he was distracted, so Tony had relocated to bed.Sleep hadn’t come, though. Instead, he’d been treated to his brain conjuring up image after image of last year, only worse. Like flipping through a photo album, Tony could feel Steve’s gentle kisses waking him up. He could smell the nail polish from the hour he and Natasha had spent getting ready. He could see Clint’s grin as Tony joined the team at dinner. He could taste the chocolate cake that Bruce had spent most of the night working on. His arms still tingled from Thor’s excitement, like static electricity in the air. He could still hear them singing Happy Birthday.He rolled over and buried his face in the pillow with a groan. So much had changed in one year. Wanda and Pietro Maximoff. Ultron. The Winter Soldier. The so-called ‘Civil War’. In the span of that year, Tony had gone from having a family to this. Waking up on the morning of his birthday alone, with only an A.I. he had created and a pillow stiff from dried tears as company.Quill and the other Guardians were away on a mission, and Tony had no idea when they'd be back. He doubted that Peter or any of the other new teammates even knew when Tony's birthday was. Pepper might call later. Maybe. Things had been very tense between them for a while now. Their break-up had been largely amicable, but they hadn’t quite navigated their way back to ‘friends and coworkers’ territory yet. So it was hard to say if Tony would hear from her. Rhodey would call, and so would Happy. But in the face of last year, the well wishes were just more splinters poking at an already open wound.He wondered, just to torture himself, if Steve had remembered. If Steve was sitting somewhere right now, looking at that pathetic flip phone and thinking about Tony. Probably not. It was far more likely that Steve hadn’t given Tony a single thought now that Bucky was safe. Tony was a smart man; he could recognize when he was nothing more than a placeholder.He contemplated staying in bed for the rest of the day. Maybe with a bottle of vodka. He could lock the door and pretend that the rest of the world didn’t exist. Just for one day. Would that really be so terrible? He’d put on a good front for the press for the past twelve months. He’d attended every press conference, every legal meeting, every summons from the U.N. Surely people would understand if he just needed this one day to himself…As though summoned by thought alone, someone knocked on the door. Then, without Tony voicing an invitation, it opened. Tony pushed himself halfway up, ready to blast the intruder, but – thank god – managed to bite back the words in the nick of time when he realized who it was. Peter smiled nervously, hands all but wringing together, looking like he wanted the floor to open up and swallow him.“Um, sorry. I didn’t realize – Jim said I should come in and see if you were up…” He trailed off.Tony barely held in a snort. Of course Rhodey would send Peter in, since yelling at Peter was like yelling a kitten and usually ended with Tony feeling worse than Peter did. He settled for a sigh instead. “It’s fine, kid. I was just about to get up,” he lied.“Great,” Peter chirped. “I’ll just wait here.” And he settled himself against the doorframe, arms folded loosely across his stomach, staring at Tony expectantly.It occurred to Tony that he might have been played. He shot a suspicious glare at the kid, but realized he couldn’t exactly go back on his word now. Well, he could. But the days where Peter was falling all over himself with awe for ‘Mr. Stark’ were long gone (and oh, how Tony missed those days!). Now Tony dealt with a snarky teenager who would probably web his ass up and drag him out the door if Tony didn’t get moving.Since he had zero desire to be seen by the general public in just his boxers, he rolled out of bed, grateful that he hadn’t slept naked the way he usually did, and stumbled into the bathroom. The sight that greeted him in the mirror wasn’t exactly a cheerful one. Tony ducked his head and did his business, finishing up by hauling on the jeans and t-shirt that were hanging on the back of the bathroom door. They didn’t stink and weren’t covered in grease, so fair game.That done, he opened up the bathroom door and said, “You better not be expecting a world-class breakfast. I think I have expired milk in the fridge and not much else.”“That’s fine. Bruce cooked enough for everyone.”“Wait, Bruce is here. Wait! What do you mean, everyone?” Tony demanded.Peter had clapped a ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
no spiderman homecoming spoilers
no GOTG2 spoilers
shameless fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
seriously it's like 1/10 angst and the rest is fluff
everyone loves tony
well everyone who matters loves tony
Established Relationship
Proposals
Engagement
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
protect tony stark forever
Tony Stark Centric
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Tony Stark's Birthday
steve is bitter
not team Cap friendly
natasha is also bitter
but on behalf of tony
steve is not happy for tony
steve made some poor choices

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

