Work Text:

 Tony 

 
"You’re miserable."
Tony sighed, throwing the wrench he had been using down onto the bench in front of him, and swivelling in his chair to face Pepper as she strode into the workshop. 
"I’m not miserable," he replied, but it sounded unbelievable even to his own ears. "I’m fine." 
"Don’t you dare bullshit me," she disagreed, pointing a finger in his direction. "Ever since you started this thing with Steve -"
"We’re not a thing," Tony cut in quickly, because it hurt his soul when people assumed they were. "It’s just sex." 
"But it’s not, is it?" she asked, quietly, gently. "Not to you." 
And the truth was, it wasn’t just sex. Sure, it had started off that way - he and Steve had come to an agreement that they would help each other let off a little steam every once in a while - but since then their friendship had come on such a long way, and Tony had seen parts of Steve that he doubted many other people had. Hell, he had shown Steve parts of himself that very few people had seen, and now… well, now he had gone and fallen head over heels for the guy, and he hadn’t even seemed to notice. 
"This, whatever it is that you’ve got going on between you… it’s going to kill you, Tony," Pepper sighed softly, stepping up into his space to wrap her arms consolingly around his shoulders. "Since Steve went on that mission a few weeks ago, you’ve barely even been out of the workshop. You miss him, I get it, but he -" 
"Doesn’t feel the same way, and I shouldn’t be shirking my responsibilities to come and sulk down here?" he asked quietly, and felt Pepper wince a little at his words. 
"You need to talk to him," she told him, stroking a hand through his hair comfortingly. "Either tell him how you feel, and see if he wants the same things, or end it and move on. Limiting yourself to friends with benefits with him when you feel this way isn’t healthy." 
Tony sighed, long and deep, and brought his arms up to wrap around Pepper, too. “I know,” he murmured, shutting his eyes as they began to sting and water traitorously.
— 
Steve arrived back from his mission later that evening, and trudged into the kitchen while the rest of the team were having dinner. Tony immediately perked up - he knew he did, and he knew the rest of the team save for stupid, oblivious Steve did, too - as soon as he saw the man, because he had just missed him so much, and it was good to finally be able to rest easy, knowing he was home. 
"Hey, guys," the soldier smiled tiredly, before his eyes locked on Tony’s. "Tony, can I talk to you for a minute? It’s, uh… regarding the mission." 
It wasn’t regarding the mission. 
Tony still immediately got to his feet, because this was an excuse to spend time with Steve (and tell him about his feelings, a little voice in the back of his head, that sounded a lot like Pepper, told him), and studiously ignored Clint’s mutter of, “As if anyone here isn’t aware of what that’s code for,” as he followed Steve out through the communal living room and into the corridor. 
As soon as they were out of sight of the others, Steve drew Tony in for a breath-stealing kiss that left him feeling lightheaded and giddy all at once. 
"Missed you," Steve mumbled against his lips as he pulled away, and oh God, this was it, wasn’t it? Steve had finally realised that he was in love with Tony, and - "Not had sex in three weeks, for God’s sake - missed your tight ass so much, Tony." 
To add insult to injury, Steve grabbed his ass and gave it a squeeze. Tony really shouldn’t have been as desperately disappointed as he was - it had been stupid of him to ever assume Steve would want him for more than just his body, after all - but he still had to choke back the lump that was forming in his throat. 
"I promised I’d take Sharon out on a date later, but there’s time, if you want to… you know," Steve grinned, oblivious to the fact that Tony’s heart was breaking right in front of him. 
"You’re… you’re still seeing Sharon?" he asked faintly, putting on as real a laugh as he could muster. "I guess you don’t really need me anymore, then -" 
"What?" Steve frowned. "It’s only our second date, Tony. I won’t be getting anything like that from her for a while. Don’t you… do you not want to keep doing this?”
Tony should have told him the truth, there and then - spilled his feelings out in the hopes that Steve would break it off with Sharon and be with him like Tony wanted him to - but the soldier’s eyes were just so big and sad all of a sudden, and Tony was so, hopelessly in love with him, that he realised he’d rather get whatever he could while he still had the chance, rather than risk their friendship altogether.
"Sure, buddy," he nodded, but his voice was brittle and barely held together. "Of course I do." 
"Great," Steve grinned, grabbing him by the hand and tugging him off to his suite. 
— 
"Hey, Steve?" Tony mumbled, sweaty and physically sated, around an hour or so later. 
"Mmm?" Steve hummed in reply as he slowly pulled out. "What?" 
"Do you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Suicide Attempt
Angst
Tony Feels
Steve Has Issues
and by issues I mean is a hella douche canoe
Clint is a protective Mama bird
Fix It
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
OOC

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

