Chapter 1: The Cell (Peter's POV)
    


Summary:

Peter wakes up alone and afraid. He's an Avenger, thought, and Avengers can't afford to be afraid.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Something was wrong.The room was bare except for a small bed, a matching nightstand, and a red carpet that stood out like a pool of blood on the grey tiles. Everything else was white: the walls, the ceiling, and his hands trembling in front of his face. The smell of fresh paint was too strong, the room too small, and it was all wrong. This was not how he’d gone to bed last night.Cringing as if expecting a blow, Peter scrambled to a sitting position. But why would he expect to be hit? What had happened? His eyes traveled about the room, taking everything in, and widening...He wasn’t alone in the room. Relief flooded him once he recognized who it was.“Mr. Stark!” His voice sounded hoarse, as if he’d spent a lot of time screaming. Maybe he had. He scrambled to his feet... and barely resisted the urge to sank to his knees. The throbbing headache just behind his right eye was a clear invitation to crawl out of his skin, or perhaps curl into a ball for the next eternity or two. The dried blood he found at the base of his neck, and the coppery taste coating his tongue, twisted his nausea into agony. Panic bloomed into his chest so fast he was left panting.He didn’t remember how he’d ended up here. Couldn’t. In this impersonal room, this cell, where the only source of light was a halogen bulb dangling precariously from the ceiling. And it kept flickering. Peter had never been afraid of the dark before, but the combined effect of nausea and the growing suspicion that he suffered from amnesia caught him like a blow to the chest. He doubled over, expecting to throw up, but his stomach was empty.Fuck.The silence, eerie in face of his ignorance, seemed to draw shapes on the wall, mysteries that could kill, if fear was a bow and imagination a speeding arrow.No, he thought, hugging himself. He couldn’t stay like this, paralyzed, a helpless eighteen-year-old caught in a bad spot. He was an Avenger, even if he hadn’t been given the title officially. More importantly, though, he didn’t know where this was, had absolutely no clue as to how long they’d been there, and Mr. Stark, the reliable person in the room, was still as a doornail.“Mr. Stark?” he tried again, taking a hesitant step towards the bed, as if not to jolt the man awake. He was breathing, right? He could see his chest rise and fall under the thin fabric of his shirt.He looked down at himself and exhaled shakily. He wore the same grey, worn shirt, and an identical pair of black linen pants. He was barefoot. He didn’t want to be barefoot in this place.The light almost flashed out of existence. Peter froze, half in a defensive crouch, forearms lifted to protect his face, and waited either for the darkness to swallow him or the light to stay on.After a final epileptic show, the light stopped flickering for good. It even seemed to get brighter. Peter rubbed the heel of his palm into his eye and shuddered. Two steps later, and he’d reached Mr. Stark on the single bed.The man looked peacefully asleep. His hair was a sticky mess, and it was partly burnt over an ear. An angry line marred his right cheek, and his lower lip had bled, but beside those superficial wounds, the man appeared whole. Anyway, it wasn’t as if Peter had a first aid kid handy.It was only then that he noticed the absence of door. His headache shot pain straight into his bloodstream, and he collapsed on the bed beside Mr. Stark. He tried to think past the voice screaming ‘prisoner!’ in his head, but the headache kept getting worse, and his lungs couldn’t seem to draw enough air.He laid a hand on a broad shoulder and shook it. “Mr. Stark?” His voice sounded pleading, young… very much like he was feeling right now. He didn’t know it yet, but those were the only words he would utter for many hours to come. Calm, first. But he would scream later when panic rode him. “Mr. Stark?”The silence was deafening.*He must have fallen asleep at some point, because the next thing he knew, he was lying on the carpet once again, one arm twisted awkwardly under his head to cushion it. The headache had receded, but there was fresh blood at the tip of his right index finger. Peter stared hard at the droplet trickling towards his open palm. Had he prickled himself in his sleep? He touched his throat, reassured that the hand of his nightmares wasn’t trying to throttle him anymore.He was pretty sure the average Avenger wouldn’t break down into a situation such as this. In fact, the rest of the team was probably trained to handle themselves in even more dangerous, maddening cases.Well, he wasn’t. So he shivered, hands white-knuckled over his calves as he rocked back and forth, seeking a place of comfort in his swirling mind. It was not easy to find, not with all those question circling around 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Loki
temporary Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Loki/Tony Stark (one-sided)

freeform: 
Confinement
Peter-centric
Tony-centric
Comforting Each Other
Sleeping in one bed
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Tony still has the arc reactor
Partial amnesia
Age Difference
Peter is 18
Slow Burn
Fuck Or Die
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Non-consensual sex
Both Tony and Peter are the victims
Rough Sex
Despair
Guilt
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Minor Characters Death
Grief/Mourning
Suicide Attempt
Peter Needs a Hug
Tony Needs a Hug
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Loki
temporary Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Loki/Tony Stark (one-sided)

