Work Text:
  





 


 


It sleeps in me.

     

How many times had Loki uttered those words to his mother during his youth, but like his father and Thor, she cast him aside without listening.
 With a smile reeking of malice, Loki stroked his engorged cock admiring the naked woman bent on all fours and panting like the bitch she was. Her limbs chained, leaving her spread eagle as a Chitauri impaled her ass, another drilling her from beneath, in front of a group of six eager Chitauris, all stroking their dicks to harden for their turn.    


It awakens in me.

 He had whispered those words to Davina, Agent Coulson’s daughter, during his confinement in the glass prison when she had took pity on him and brought him a sandwich. The memory of her pristine beauty, her innocent eyes, her unused body had clung to his soul like a subtle vapor. “Bring her!” Loki commanded. Seconds later, a Chitauris returned dragging a short, small-boned college-age girl donning waist length curls through the main hall way of mutilated body parts and bloody entrails; all that remained of the Midgardians who defied Loki’s rule. He dropped the whimpering girl to her knees in front of the bound woman. Davina stared in horror at Agent Maria Hill. Musty sweat drenched her flesh, her now gaping pussy and asshole dripped with cum from previous invasions as the Chitauris fucked her. A mixture of dried semen and blood clung to her raw thighs. Agent Maria threw her head back, trying to lament only to be choked by a Chitauri’s burly dick. “You're next, little one.” slithered the Chitauri restraining Davina. “NO!” Davina wailed, her lungs filling with the aroma of Agent Maria’s over-fucked pussy brimming the room. Loki stepped forward, Davina’s cat-shaped eyes beamed as she shook free of the beasty Chitauri and fled, throwing herself at Loki’s feet.   

 Demons crawling on my brain, snarling at my soul...
Loki smiled perversely. He had witnessed that same look on her pretty face once before. During the battle of New York, a Chitauri was attempting to slash the life from Davina’s veins when Loki dropped from the sky, ripping his head off, saving a starry-eyed Davina. She ran into him, grateful, thinking he spared her because of her kindness during his captivity when in reality, he had saved her for this moment. Loki had accepted her embrace, transporting her to safety. The entire rescue had been caught on camera and shown to Coulson. Loki knew because he had lurked in the shadows as Coulson’s superiors spat accusations in his face. “The entire fleet killed, all but one pretty girl, your daughter, saved by the monster himself! Why is that, Agent Coulson?” Agent Maria cried out as an impatient Chitauri made room in her sloshing cunt hole for a second dick. Now two dicks whipped her pussy, one in her ass, and a fourth down her throat, all ramming with punishing passion meant to conquer and prevail.    


She deserves it and more…..

 “Please, my lord!” Davina begged in a child-like voice. “Very well” Loki smiled wickedly. He raised his hand and a flash of light later, Davina and Loki were alone, the room now constructed of mirrors. “Take your clothes off.” Davina stripped bare. Loki stalked, encircling her, drinking the sight of her firm ass, medium size bosom, shapely hips, and hairless pussy.    


Perfect.

 Loki reclined on a backless chaise that snuggled the wall of mirrors. Snapping his fingers, calling to her as one would a dog. Davina cheeks grew scarlet. Lowering her head, she started to advance. “On all fours like the bitch you are.” Obeying, Davina sank to her knees and crawled to him. He directed her to sprawl out of a foot stool in front of the chaise. “Fuck yourself!” Using one hand to part her intimate folds, Davina slowly stroked her clit. “Say my name” Loki said in a low voice as if he was just merely stating a fact. “Loki” she replied, now tantalizing a little bit faster. The mirror ceiling now reflecting a dozen images of Clint fucking a moaning Natasha. “Say my name” Loki commanded, utilizing a firmer tone. “Loki” the girl exclaimed louder, accelerating her speed, her eyes glued to the ceiling Loki smiled smugly at the expertise of her fingers; it was obvious she had done this before. “Say my name” raising his voice, his tone superior. Davina shouted “Loki!” now rubbing her meat viciously.    


That’s it.



 

Kneeling, his face only inches from her clenching pussy hole, moisture glistening around her edges, Loki inhaled her intimate scent deep into his lungs, relishing her unfucked aroma. “Say my name!” Loki roared watching her stomach muscles ripple with the anticipation of climax. Natasha threw her head back like a rabid animal, raking her nails down Clint’s chest, drooling as she climaxed. Davina’s entire body constricted, her fingers fucking savagely. She hissed lustfully, “Loki!” Pussy pulsating, thrashing her head from side to side until a milky bubble erupted. Loki could not resist. Lowering his face, he slurped up th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki - Relationship

freeform: 
Rape
Violence
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Orgy
Fuck Or Die
Multiple Orgasms
Loki Does What He Wants
Vaginal Fisting
Tongues
Squirting
Fucking
Rough Sex
sadistic Loki
Torment
Torture
Dark
Twisted
Violent Sex
Psychic Violence
Murder
Gang Rape
Porn
vulgar
Mutilation
Loki Angst
twisted loki
Smut
Filthy
rape porn
Loki Fucks Hard
Loki Rapes
Loki Porn

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki - Relationship

