Chapter 1: Walk down memory lane
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony watched as Thor rushed his adopted sibling through corridors – gagged and submissive. He was relived, but suspicion did not let him go.At first, he, like everyone else, was happy that the Hitler wannabe will be taken back home, where people knew how to deal with a bratty God.After the initial euphoria subsided, though and shawarma reminded him that he had run past his twenties fifteen years ago, Stark’s brain kicked in. The questions that popped in his observant mind didn’t let him sleep, but, alas, he couldn’t ask Loki because he conveniently was silenced under the excuse that words gave him power. Seriously!? Did the Wonderland folks think them to be idiots?They apparently did, and, honestly, S.H.I.E.L.D sold them short. Nicky pooped his pants so bad, he was happy to give Thor everything –the tesseract, Loki, vast knowledge of new and unbreeched - just to see the guy off the planet. Stark heatedly disagreed but why listen to him, right? He was only one of the most influential people on this ball with resources that can put most countries to shame and a genius IQ to top it, but…yeah…feel free to scold him like a child and send him into the corner.In retrospect, the theft he pulled after Nicky had the nerve to reprimand him in front of his newly formed cult proved that he was a child, but who cares? He displayed reckless behaviour way before S.H.I.E.L.D. decided to make a decent human being out of him, so nothing was new in the world.“Let’s start, J.” Tony commanded rubbing his hands together. The sceptre Loki inconspicuously forgot on the roof of his tower was finally his to toy with and he couldn’t wait to dive into the dissection.The energy it emitted was close to the readings he got from the tesseract, but way out of line. Tony would bet his ass it was sentient.Stark snorted. The level of idiocy the people around him displayed lately started to rub him the wrong way. How could they rely on the words of an otherworldly entity without asking the other side for, at very least, clarifications? He regretted not breaking into Loki’s cell. Sure the guy was nuts, but after Hulk recalibrated whatever short circuited inside him, Stark was willing to try.The energy from the sceptre spiked and moved, catching Tony’s undivided attention. It spread tentatively, forming a tentacle like limb and blindly searched almost like it was sniffing around. Stark stared in wonder, his fingers unconsciously moved to touch but he snatched them away at the last moment. Too bad the octopus felt his heat or something. It dived after his hand and, when it caught him, Stark’s world drowned in brilliant blue.<**>When he came to two things became instantly apparent. First, he wasn’t in the tower. Second, it wasn’t his body - if the childish hands, making an intricate gesture in front of him, were anything to go by.He tried, experimentally, to move the limbs, but they were uncooperative, and it quickly dawned upon him that he was simply here for the ride. Great. That was just marvellous. The fucking sceptre dragged him inside what he presumed was Loki’s childhood memory. Stark sighed a long-suffering sigh and settled in to watch.The child repeated the movement again and again. Tony could feel the slight annoyance coming from him, but other than that he looked determined. It was sort of endearing to watch how young Loki grumbled and cursed while practicing magic but, at some point, he got bored. There was only so much finger wiggling a guy could watch.Stark tried to focus his attention on something else, but the gaze scope didn’t allow him much. Loki was focused on his practice completely and that was something Tony could relate to. He was also easily obsessed with a project: doing and redoing it until it was perfect. But, fuck was it tedious to sit through when it was someone else.Stark was on the verge of exploding when the child must have done the gesture right and the space around them lit up in flames.Holy shit!The fire roared around, licking the drapes and walls. The child sprung to his feet, laughing joyfully. Tony could feel the excitement and happiness cursing through Loki’s body, and couldn’t help but smile, congratulating the boy on mastering the spell, and remarking at what an astounding display of power it was and the fact that, during the invasion, Loki hardly used any of it.The fire was dancing widely around the room but, nothing got damaged. Loki stretched his dainty hand and it curled around his limb, warming the skin. He felt the thin lips stretch in satisfactory grin and regretted he could not see the look on the boy’s face.“LOKI!” The growl startled them both. Tony sensed the fear and panic leaping in the boy, fire getting out of the control and collapsing into itself, burning his skin. He heard the child hiss in pain but, still managed to erase the spell. The door opened with a bang, and a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Eventual Romance
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Torture
Abuse
darkish
Panic Attacks
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Bullying
Implied/Referenced Mind Control
Mental Instability
Loki Needs a Hug
Loki Feels
Loki Angst
Loki Has Issues
Jötunn Loki
Tony Does What He Wants
Tony Being Tony
Tony is a knight in shiny armour
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
shameless butchering of Norse mythology
and marvel movies
especially Thor: The dark world
JARVIS - Freeform
Trust Issues
Lots of dilogue
It's pretty messed up if you think about it
Triggers
Odin's A+ Parenting
Thor is bad
Mushu (Disney) - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

