Chapter 1





Chapter Text

”Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves." Confucius





He had been keeping a close eye on SHIELD for awhile now. There were signs of corruption that Fury either didn’t notice or wasn’t concerned with, but SHIELD knew far too much about him for Tony to be comfortable with them slipping on down the morality scale. So he took to hacking them every couple of months or so, just to make sure there wasn’t anything concerning. 
One time he found the video of his parents’ murder. 
It was buried beneath a hundred other insignificant files, all of them quarantined from the rest of the SHIELD servers. The information had been downloaded from an enemy base, and he doubted even SHIELD knew about it yet. Then again, he wouldn’t put it past them to have known all along and kept it from him. 
Tony’s had a lot of worst moments in his life. There was the phone call about the crash. There was waking up in a dark cave with a battery rigged up to his chest. There was Obadiah’s parting grin as he turned away with Tony’s heart in his hands. There was falling through a hole in the sky, sure he would be dead before he even hit the ground. 
This would be added to the list, somewhere in the middle. He had just sat there, not understanding what he was seeing, as the killer ran them off the road, beat his father, and then calmly strangled his mother, before shooting out the camera. 
Then Tony saw red. 
He didn’t sleep for nearly a week, searching through every last piece of data, calling in every favor he had. He was even desperate enough to reach out to Natasha Romanoff, but she didn’t know much. She did give him a name: The Winter Soldier. She said he was a ghost story. But she’d seen him, once. He was the only one to ever shoot her, which is terrifying enough. 
The strangest part was that he had assassinations attributed to him throughout fifty years, but the description of Natasha’s shooter from 2008 perfectly matched the man he’d seen from 1991. 
The search led him down the rabbit hole. 
The corruption he’d been tracking in SHIELD seemed to come to a head, like the entire organization was wound through with a poisonous thread. They had connections to assassinations attributed to the Winter Soldier, and they had benefited from his father’s death. He found snippets of information that seemed to imply the man was kept in cyrostasis, which explained his lack of aging. 
Then there was Hydra. 
The first time he found the reference to Hydra, he dismissed it. But it kept coming back to them, and they didn’t seem to be the footnote in history that everyone thought they were. 
Eventually, he slept. Then he woke up, and started again. It took him two months, all in all, to track Hydra activity and power usage through the entire United States and finally pinpoint where the Winter Soldier was likely being held. 
He didn’t ask for back up, because he didn’t want anyone to try and stop him from what he planned to do. 
This was personal, anyway, and he didn’t want anyone to interfere. As satisfying as it might have been to shoot his way through the base, he couldn’t risk drawing the attention. So he rigged up knockout gas to their ventilation system, waited ten minutes, and then went in through the front doors. 
Everyone was passed out wherever they had been standing. They wouldn’t wake up for hours. 
Tony pulled his tablet from his suit, and pulled up Jarvis. “Where is he?” he demanded. 
“Based on the power grid, there is a room two floors down using an inordinate amount of energy,” Jarvis said calmly. “Certainly enough to power a cyrostasis chamber, Sir.” 
Tony nodded, heading to the elevator and then door, following the energy signal into the room. It was large, with a huge clear cylinder sat center stage. A man was inside of it, frozen still, with brown hair to his shoulders and a metal arm. Tony clenched his hands into fists, and forced himself to step closer. 
He could shut the power down. He could fire a bullet straight through the glass. He could make sure that the man that killed his parents never woke up. 
But with that mask on, he couldn’t be one hundred percent sure that he had the right man—and it felt a little too much like it would be murder, if the man wasn’t able to fight back. 
“Gotta wake him up,” Tony decided, heading towards the controls. 
“Is that wise, Sir?” Jarvis asked, in a tone of voice conveying quite clearly how unwise he thought it was. 
"Almost definitely not," Tony said. “I’m going to do it anyway."
He started the sequence to wake up the soldier, and the glass rose up with an ominous hiss. Tony backed up, watching as the man was revealed without any barrier between him. His eyes were still closed, but he was clothed in a thick, black jumpsuit, with no sleeves so his metal arm was in full view. The mask covered almost half of his face and lent him a sinister look. 
Tony swallowed and waited for him to wake up, raised a hand to keep his repulser at the ready. 
Then the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt/Comfort
Mind Control
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Past Torture
Brainwashing
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Slow Build
POV Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

