Chapter 1



Summary:

During a battle, Peter gets injured and Tony freaks out...just a little.





Chapter Text


1


Tony had thought Peter would have learned his lesson by now. Don't take on villains that can obviously crush you like a toothpick. 
 
But no, Peter loved to stick up for the “little guy and stay close to the ground”. If Tony knew how many times his own advice would come back to bite him in the ass, he'd never have said it. 
 
He'd been doing doing a great job of keeping common criminals off the streets and helping out the NYPD here or there. 
 
Tony hadn't been seeing him a lot lately, as he was caught upstate as the Avengers attempted to try and reunite and fix the Accords. 
 
He wasn't going to even come to Queens until FRIDAY had alerted him that Peter was fighting and not doing so well. That was the Tattletale setting on the suit. It came in handy when the suit was being worn by a teenage boy hell bent on fighting every single villain that walks with earth. Without calling in any backup.
 
So he hopped in a suit and hauled ass to where he saw Peter’s location on the GPS. The entire flight, he prayed to see Peter in one piece. 
 
When he finally arrived on the scene, he saw that Peter was holding his own, but with this douchebag in an armor that looked like a Transformer, he was starting to struggle from fatigue and all the hits he was taking. 
 
Tony swooped in alongside Peter and started to shoot his repulsors at the man. Peter stopped briefly to look over at him and Tony could hear the smile in his voice as he said, “Mr. Stark! Thanks for coming. What should I do to help?”
 
Tony shot the man in his robotic arm. “Just keep doing what you're doing, kid.” 
 
Peter nodded once and then swung on his web to attack this 8 foot monster from another side. He seemed to be fighting even harder than he was before. 
 
Tony started to shoot his repulsors, hoping that the painful shots of energy caught its attention more than little webs. 
 
After almost twenty minutes of fighting and out trash talking one another, Tony thought they were golden. Peter was webbing up his feet and Tony was shooting him repeatedly. Once they had him down, Tony could finish him off. 
 
But, just as Peter was starting to slow down on all the webbing, because it was thick and how could anything tear through that, things went to hell. 
 
The man shouted and with one kick of his giant leg, not only did the webs rip off, but Peter went flying into a wall. He hit the bricks with a loud crunch that would killed any normal 15 year old and fell to the ground in a heap. 
 
Tony felt his heart stop when Peter didn't get back up. He wanted to shout his name to see if he was okay, but he didn't want this ass to even to know Peter's 

name

.
 
He started running toward where Peter was lying in the street but the man turned to him and smirked. “Youre too late, Iron Man.”
 
And suddenly, Megaton was lifting up his arm with a giant gun, Tony had yet to see in action, and pointed it directly at him. Tony flinched as he was covered in a green sticky mucus looking slime. 
 
Tony was ready to ignore whatever the fuck 

that 

was but his suit wasn't moving. 
 
“FRIDAY, what's going on with my suit?” He was frantically trying to move his legs but they stayed locked in place. 
 
“Whatever this is all over your suit has seeped into the cracks and shocked the systems. I cannot get it to function like normal.”
 
“Well, try harder!” Tony yelled as he watched the monster of a man grin down at him before turning back to where Peter was 

still 

lying on the ground. 
 
With another loud cackle, he raised his metal fist and brought it down on Peter’s chest all while looking Tony in the eye. 
 
Tony wanted to be sick as he did it over and over. Peter was shaking now, struggling to pull himself away. He was only a few feet away and he couldn't 

save

 him.
 
After a particularly nasty fist to his chest, Peter choked on a small whimper, “M-mr. Stark!”
 
“I'm right here. I'll be there in a second. Just hang in there--.”
 
“I think it's time to crush the little spider.” Megatron, as Tony referred to him as because he didn't have his villain name and Megatron was fitting, dragged his metal fingers down Peter’s chest. 
 
Tony could hear Peter wheezing into the comm. and it was the most painful thing to listen to. “Let him go!”
 
Megatron started to pull at Peter's mask. “I think it's time we see what's hiding in here.” Tony shouted but that didn't stop Megatron from ripping off Peter's mask. 
 
Megatron paused as he looked down at Peter’s bruised and bloody face. He threw the mask over his shoulder and he cackled. “Where are the Avengers finding their recruits now a days? Chuck E Cheese?”
 
Tony gritted his teeth. “Leave him alone,” he repeated. 
 
“36 seconds until system reboot, Boss,” FRIDAY finally ssid. 
 
“It's okay, Mr. Stark. I'm okay,” Peter mumbled, trying so hard to sound strong but Tony could hear his voice crack at the end of the sentence a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony Stark
Angst
5+1 Things
Hurt Peter
Dad!Tony
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Hurt Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

