Work Text:
Michelle has always existed in the periphery of his life, of everyday, always there, but blending in. The warm neutral colors of her clothes and her books fade away in the background, hide her from sight until she decides to call attention to herself.
She floats around the school, and his life, like a ghost, waiting for the set up to some joke or a pause just long enough to squeeze in. She's unnoticeable until she's all you notice.
But then she disappears.
She's still there, right there on the outskirts of every moment, but not stepping in anymore.
At first he doesn't notice, just feels something vaguely off. And then he says something extremely, ridiculously nerdy at lunch and he and Ned both pause, anticipating Michelle's jab but nothing comes.
He glances over and she's there, slumped over her book like always. But nothing comes. It's like when one step on a staircase is just a little shorter. He's stumbling before he even notices what's wrong, the absence of something he didn't realize he depended on, tripping him up.
He seeks her out now, finds her in the background instead of waiting for her to step in, and it's strange. She's always there, always was there, but she's never felt so distant.
“What did you do?” Ned asks one day. Peter frowns like he hasn't been asking himself that. “I- What did I do?” He repeats indignantly. “I dunno. I don't think I did anything. Did you do something?”
“Maybe it's because you missed decathlon practice?” Ned asks. Peter's already thought of that.
“No, she would have just yelled at me if it was that,” Peter says.
“Well, you should fix it,” Ned decides. No kidding. “It's weird. It's like we're Luke and Leia but we're missing Han.”
“Why is she Han?” Peter demands.
“Peter,” Ned says slowly. “Peter.”
 
He's always considered her a friend. Even though she probably thinks he's super lame.
After Ben died, there was a full week where everyone was weird around him. He walked into a room and everyone went silent. He trudged down the hall and everyone stared at him. There were all these looks of pity and concern, and he hated every second of it.
He started eating lunch in the gym because he could only take so much of people offering condolences when he just wanted to stop thinking about it. Even Ned got to be too much, always asking if he wanted to talk, and Peter knows he meant well, was being a good friend, was grieving a little in his own way, but he couldn't take it.
The gym was quiet and empty and he ate alone and tried to think about anything else but this new gaping hole in his chest.
On the second day, Michelle found him, somehow, climbed up the bleaches two at a time. His stomach turned with the thought that he was cornered, he was going to have to say something about it.
But she didn't say anything, just settled next to him, opened her book and stole some of the apple slices May packed for him.
She didn't say anything, not even when he felt his eyes well up, not when he finished his sandwich, that tasted like cardboard, and buried his head between his knees. The bell rang at the end of the period and she didn't move to get up and neither did he.
There would be a gym classing coming in a few minutes and he had to get to Spanish, but instead they sat there.
She set her book aside and stared at him, not unimpressed like she usually is, not concerned and pitying like everyone else. Just crazily intense eye contact for an uncomfortable amount of time. He felt like he was being read, like she was scrutinizing his soul.
“It sucks,” she said finally. “I'm sorry that the world sucks.” He blinked a few times, eyes darting down even though she was still staring at him. “It shouldn't have been that bad to you.” She said it quietly and it felt heavy. She said it like a criticism of the universe, and he swallowed hard and shrugged because he didn't know what else to say.
They stood up at the same time.
For a while after that she was always there. When Ned wasn't available she walked next to him in the hall, glared at everyone who stared at him until they looked away. She teased him at lunch and sat next to him in class and still gave him the hardest questions in their decathlon drills, so he thinks she might be his friend.
Not as close as Ned, not a friend who he's ever hung out with or really talks to all that much, but someone who has his back. Someone he can trust.
 
He thinks a lot about DC. About seeing her jump to her feet from the park bench. About the momentary breath of relief he got. One person who was safe. One person he didn't have to worry about. On the list of people he cared about who were in immediate danger, Michelle got checked off. One down, five to go (he might as well count Flash).
But it's the first time he sees her off balance, sees her eyes wide and swallowing hard. Hears a note of panic in her voice when she says, “My friends are up there.”
She's still remarkably calm considering the circumstances, and by the time everyone is back on the ground and he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Friends to Lovers
Established Relationship
Light Angst
Fluff

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

