Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter woke up with a start. Echoes of a nightmare quickly fading, leaving him with an unsettled feeling.Once he fully awoke he checked the time on his phone, the clock reading an ungodly hour, 5:00 AM. He let out a long sigh, knowing there was no way he’d fall back asleep. Not wanting to get up just yet, he laid back down and pulled the covers over his head, shielding himself from the morning sunrise. After trying and failing one last time to fall back asleep, Peter finally gave in and forced his body out of bed, immediately reaching for his bottle of suppressants. He'd been taking them religiously since he presented at age 13, fearful of anyone but May and Ned finding out. He was 17 now, and hadn't had a heat besides the torturous first one when he presented.Peter wasn't stupid. knew how he'd be treated if anyone knew. He would've been targeted more than he already was at school, and he would never be taken seriously as an engineer and scientist. Not to mention the fact that his omega status would destroy his chances of being an avenger. Omega’s we're seen as weak and treated like children, and if the avengers knew, they would never allow him to do the dangerous work of a superhero. He’d seen the debates on TV, most thought omega’s were too fragile to fight alpha villains, and what if they unexpectedly went into heat during battle? Peter thought that was bullshit, but there wasn't anything he could do about it.He was terrified of anyone finding out, most of all his fellow avengers, because Peter had no idea how they would react. Almost all of the avengers were alphas, with a few exceptions. Clint was a beta, and Natasha had no scent at all, making it impossible for Peter to tell what she was. Peter groaned, as soon as he'd swallowed his suppressants he noticed how much he was sweating, and he could feel the start of a really bad headache. He ignored it, taking a few Tylenol and grabbing his suit from his backpack. Today was a Saturday, so Peter had all day to patrol without needing to worry about homework or school. After the events in Germany a year prior, Peter had kept his word to Mr. Stark and remained a friendly neighborhood spiderman. Occasionally he would stop a robbery or help people out of a burning building, but that was the extent of any action Peter usually got. Sometimes it got boring, but he knew that keeping a low profile would impress Mr. Stark, hopefully enough to let him join the avengers when he turned 18. Plus, passing Mr. Stark’s test a year ago and refusing to come out to the world as spiderman had already started to pay off. Mr. Stark was so impressed that he gave Peter an actual internship at Stark Industries. He even got to help Mr. Stark in the lab once a week. Every time Peter was around him he couldn't help but be starstruck around the man. He had looked up to Mr. Stark since his childhood, and meeting him had been even better than he could have imagined.Peter started to get dressed, pulling on clean boxers and an undershirt. Next, he climbed into the spider suit, grateful that Mr Stark had given him back the super awesome suit. Once he was completely ready, he slipped out his bedroom window with high hopes for the day.《》Peter was in an alleyway, in the middle of fighting a man who’d just robbed a convenience store, when he started to feel it. Suddenly it felt as though he was bathed in sweat, his suit becoming suffocatingly tight. His body was hot all over and his thoughts became jumbled.Why was his head hurting so much? He tried to remember if he had checked the weather today, but he was pretty sure it was supposed to be cool. Besides, his suit had a built in air conditioner and heater. He was going to have to ask Mr. Stark about fixing the AC, because it was obviously broken. Peter felt like he’d been locked in a sauna for hours, his breath becoming labored and uneven. Maybe he had the flu? Come to think of it, Peter was starting to feel a bit nauseous and there was a weird feeling in his lower stomach. He couldn’t quite place was it was, he could only really describe it as an almost painful pressure in his abdomen… and a little bit lower.Peter forced himself to focus back to the task at hand, there was no time to dwell upon his impending illness when he was in the middle of a fight. Using his web shooters, Peter pulled the criminal closer to him, grabbing onto his arms. All he had to do was tie the man up and get him to the police, then he could sort out... whatever was happening to him. “Come on, dude. Can just you stop struggling so we can get this over with?” He grit out as one of the robbers arms swung free, getting him right in the stomach. “Like, we both know this is gonna end with you in jail, can’t we just spare this whole” He motioned his arm between the two of them, “...thing?”The robber didn’t respond, instead giving him an annoyed glare. Peter sighed, trying to reason with the guy wasn’t likely to work, but hey, it had been worth a shot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Origional Male Character

freeform: 
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Peter is 16 in homecoming
Hes 17-18 in the story
Underage Rape/Non-con
Rape is not between tony and peter
Peter and tony get together when he's 18
Angst
Depression
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Drug Abuse

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Origional Male Character

