Work Text:
It was past midnight on Friday, and the crisp chill in the mid-October air was beginning to seep into the durable material of Peter’s Spidey Suit.Thankfully, he had just finished patrolling, and is more than excited to go to his apartment and sleep.  Between college, patrolling, and his part-time job at The Bugle, Peter is breathtakingly exhausted. Peters’s apartment is small, pre-war, dingy, and freezing. But it’s his, and it smells like home, and his bed is soft and inviting. He can already imagine peeling his suit off and taking a shower, washing the city grime and sweat off his body. Within mere minutes he could be home, cocooning himself in the warmth of his blankets and falling fast asleep under the hidden-starlit smoggy city.But after fighting with a group of bank robbers who used gloves that gave them all mutant-like strength, he got a bit beat up before finally webbing them to the stairs of the nearest police precinct.There’s a bruise to his left temple that would surely make his Aunt May scream bloody murder, and his lip was split, making his mask sticky with blood. At least two of his ribs are bruised, making each breath shudder and burn. There was also a strong and very unnecessary kick to the crotch that Peter did not appreciate at all. So, Peter goes with his better judgment and decides to just… lay down for a moment. When you’re swinging from skyscrapers and have some injuries, it’s always better to be safe than sorry. He limps over to the brick walls of the alley he’s in, and tentatively climbs each brick, wincing as he does.  He pulls himself over the edge and drops onto the roof. A few feet further in, he sees two thick metal pipes sticking out of the roof, slowly emitting steam - probably from a kitchen below. “Perfect.” Peter smiles, and his lip splits open again.Peeling his mask up to his nose, he wipes what must be a combination of blood and snot away. On wobbly feet, he shoots thick cords of webbing between the metal pipes, until he makes a hammock. With the distant sound of honking cars, muffled laughter, and the occasional chirrup of a misplaced cricket, Peter drops down into the hammock, curls onto his side, and falls asleep.When he wakes up again, he knows it’s only been a few minutes later, but something is wrong.He must have tossed and turned in his sleep - something he does when his nerves are getting the better of him. He’s on his belly, and his legs have managed to weave through the webs of his hammock, arms crossed under his head as a pillow with his fingers gripping strands of webbing. This is fine,  he thinks. He gets tangled in his webs sometimes, and he always pulls himself out without an issue. But he’s been so anxious and stressed these past few weeks, between his job, and college, and being Spider-Man. Sometimes everything just sits too heavily on his shoulders.His heightened senses always get worse when he’s under stress, which causes him to stress and panic even more, which results in causing him more stress, which which  whichwhichwhich. It just spins itself madly around in an endless cycle, until every car honk in a five-mile radius is too loud, and every siren is blinding, and every task requires  way  too much focus.He yanks against the webs hard, but he doesn’t budge. Pushing a slow breath through his nose and closing his eyes, and tries to pull again. Nothing. His chest starts to feel heavy, and his already-bruised body hurts all over again from straining against the webs.“Oh, no,” Peter breaths, voice low and tired.  Focus, Peter, you’re alright, this is just some webbing,  he thinks.He gives his body another experimental tug, but to no avail. “Oh, no, no.  No!” He groans, squeezing his eyes shut and tossing his head back in frustration.As of now, he’s straddling the thick cords of webbing, his arms, thighs, and calves stuck inside them. He takes a shallow, ragged breath, and can feel sweat prickling the small of his back and matting his hair to his forehead.His bottom lip quivers and he’s instantly embarrassed. He’s gotten stuck in his webs before, but that was when he was young. But with all the stress he’s been facing, and the sensory overload his heightened abilities give him, he’s just  panicking  about being stuck.A small whine escapes him, and he decides to blame his frustration instead of his anxiety."Was that a pathetic cry I heard?” a  far too cheery voice exclaims.Peter jumps in shock, and his heart beats a wicked tattoo against his chest. He knows that voice - he knows that voice really well.Wade Wilson - Deadpool - emerges, tossing a leg over and hoisting himself up easily. He gets to his feet, bites down on a Taco Bell bag to brush off his gloved hands, and inspects the surely miserable scene in front of him.Peter grinds his teeth, but his pink cheeks and heaving chest take away from his anger. Peter and Wade aren’t friends,  but they’re more than just acquaintances. They have a frankly surprising compatibility that surprises Peter. Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Prompt Fill
Prompt Fic
Fluff
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Humor
Inappropriate Humor
Fluff and Humor
Fluff and Angst
Action
Canon-Typical Violence
Secret Identity
Hurt Peter
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Wade
Wade Saves Peter
Responsible Wade
Pansexual Wade Wilson
The Author Regrets Nothing
Author loves to chat in the Comments

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

