Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony stifled a groan when Secretary Ross’s number appeared on his caller ID. He was in the lab tinkering with one of the gloves of his suit, trying to bring the lag time in firing lasers down. “Shall I send him to voicemail, boss?” Tony smirked. He’d dodged Ross’s calls so consistently that F.R.I.D.A.Y. now defaulted to sending him to voicemail. He sighed. “Better not… this is the fifth time this week. Patch him through.” “Right away, boss.” “Stark. Where have you been? I’ve been trying to reach you.” “I’ve uh—been very busy…” “So I’ve heard. Reports have reached my desk that you planned to initiate a new member of the Avengers at a press conference last Wednesday.” Tony sighed, remembering Peter’s refusal. It still stung a little. “Yeah. It didn’t work out, actually.” “Would this be Spider-Man? The same Spider-Man who tried to help bring in Rogers and Barnes in Berlin?” “The very same.” “The department of defense has been talking, Tony. Now that you’ve brought this person into official government business… we feel that we can no longer ignore his vigilantism in New York. Whether or not he wants to call himself an ‘Avenger’ is a matter of little interest to us. He’s on our radar now, and he needs to sign the accords.” Tony froze. He hadn’t expected this. “He’s not an Avenger,” Tony snarled. “The accords are for the Avengers. This was a one-time deal, Ross. He helped us out once. He was on our side, remember?” “Tony, it’s not about our side or their side. It’s about making sure that physically enhanced individuals are held accountable for their actions. This isn’t a punishment, it’s the law.” Tony rolled his eyes. Ross was so damn self-righteous. “Look, he’s not signing the accords, ok?” “I’m afraid he won’t be given a choice. He has two weeks to sign the accords or we will send a team to bring him in.” Rage was thundering through Tony now. He’d rapidly lost control of this situation. “Wait—“ Ross ended the call.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

