Work Text:
The first time they had sex was right after their first kiss. Steve dropped to his knees and then Tony reciprocated after making Steve lie down on the bed. The second time it was Steve that initiated it, slow handjobs under the hot spray of the shower, and Tony looked surprised by it. Like it was weird that Steve wanted it. Wanted him.But how can Steve not want Tony? It’s not just that he’s in love with him, it’s that Tony’s body is— amazing. Steve has seen him naked many times, usually in the gym showers or S.H.I.E.L.D.’s decontamination units. He always tried to be subtle and respectful, but he did  look.He has witnessed all the small changes Tony’s body has gone through the years. His muscles have lost some definition despite all the exercise, his skin has lost elasticity and gained wrinkles, his joints make him hiss in pain from time to time. Over the years, his hair became salt and pepper at first, and then a compact and shiny gray. His goatee is sprinkled with white too, except for the mustache. He has resigned himself to his recent need for reading glasses.Steve has seen Tony go through all this, and it has only made Tony more attractive to Steve. The graceful way he has of moving, both in and out the Iron Man armor; his calloused and bony fingers, long, and full of expertise, capable of creating the most astonishing things; his arms and the shape of his shoulders, always displaying experience and elegance; his lean legs, nimble and beautiful; the way he carries his person, the way he dresses himself— everything,  everything about Tony leaves Steve breathless. It’s not just his brain or his personality, but the small yet solid shape of him too, and all the transformations brought on by age have not changed that.They haven’t been dating long. After being Avengers members and friends for years, they finally pulled their heads out of their asses — as so many of their teammates like to say — and confessed that they had been in love this whole time. But, contrary to what Rhodey said when he first heard the good news, that had only made their flirting and general grossness around each other worse.But still, Steve expected Tony be more—  Tony Stark  about the idea of them having sex, to seek Steve out, to tease him and lead him to bed with his sultry voice and wicked promises, to do things to Steve and let Steve do things to him that would make the most experienced person  blush.But none of that had happened.The two times they had sex during the three weeks they have been dating, Steve could feel that Tony wasn’t very hard. That it took him some time to come. But he didn’t think much of it right after it happened, because they had been busy with work. Maybe Tony was just tired.But after much thinking, and pondering, and brooding, Steve started to wonder whether Tony’s age really was affecting his libido.Maybe Tony doesn’t want to have sex with Steve very often; maybe he doesn’t feel the need anymore. Maybe Steve’s body doesn’t arouse him that much, Steve has so many muscles and not everyone likes all those muscles. Maybe Tony really just can’t get it up all the way anymore, and can’t take pills because of his heart. Maybe he feels ashamed and doesn’t want to talk about it with Steve. Maybe there is some other reason Steve can’t understand.But anyway, googling “having sex with an older man” was probably a mistake, Steve realizes. After filtering away all the porn (and just how much porn is there on the internet exactly,  oh my god ), he has found a useful article. And then another article. And then that entry on WebMD.And now he is worried about Tony. Because, well, apparently:
 "Testosterone helps support nervous tissue. When its levels start to drop, there will be an accompanying decrease in sensitivity, making it more difficult to reach orgasm. Also, the erection won’t be as hard. 

 “This is a case of use it or lose it,” says Dr. Castellanos. She explains that guys can protect their penile health by having erections every day. They don’t have to be point of orgasm, but daily erections keep the arteries in shape and bring blood flow to the area. 

 “It’s just like if you don’t go to the gym, your muscles will get thinner and your arteries will close up. The same thing happens with a penis." 
So yes, some articles tried to be helpful.Steve has also found a tumblr post about how old age can make the prostate hypersensitive, so while growing old may result in less sensitivity for the penis, that is not the case for the prostate. Prostate stimulation can help with erections, which must occur at least daily to keep the penis in good shape.At this point, Steve has been staring at the screen of his tablet for a good twenty minutes. He doesn’t know exactly what to make of all this new information, but he’s confused, and upset, and there are just too many things going through his mind.Steve is in love with Tony. Completely and impossibly so. He is so far gone on Tony that words can’t really describe it. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Difference
(Tony is 60 and Steve is 40)
Established Relationship
(but very newly so lots of "first times")
Steve and Tony actually talk about their issues
some dark thoughts about being old and death and dying
overwhelming sex
Crying During Sex
Passing out during sex
Wall Sex
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Rough Sex
realistic sex
But also
super-soldier serum sex
Cock Cages
Spanking
Face-Fucking
Facials
Come play
Slight D/s Elements
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Office Sex
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Somnophilia
Consensual Somnophilia
discussion of come inflation kink
Possessive Steve
Growing Old Together
minimal angst
Porn with Feelings
Old Tony Stark
Aging

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

