Work Text:
Peter was not shy about letting Wade know when he wanted a spanking.They had a code worked out, which they’d stumbled on one night when they’d been watching the news and Wade had corrected the announcer’s grammar. Peter had turned to him with a big, mischievous grin, poked him directly in the nose and said, “Old!”Wade had caught him by the converse as he tried to scramble away and dragged him over his lap while Peter screamed with delighted laughter. The first few swats were playful, but when Wade heard the deeply inappropriate sound that escaped Peter and saw the even more deeply inappropriate look he threw Wade over his shoulder and felt what Spidey Junior was doing against his thigh, he had outright whaled on Peter’s oh-so-spankable ass. Peter had loved it, and told Wade so by fucking the bejesus out of him until almost the next morning.This became a thing. Peter would find an excuse to poke Wade and call him “Old!” or “Canadian!” and Wade would pretend-wrestle him down (because, Peter realized, half of the hotness for Wade was the conceit that Wade could overpower him, knowing Peter could actually flip their positions in a moment) and spank the living daylights out of him until neither of them could stand it anymore and got naked. On one of these occasions, Peter made Wade chase him off of the couch and around the apartment a bit before allowing himself to be caught. That was a game-changer.“Did you like that?” Peter had asked him.“You mean the pleasure-delay while I chased you around our home? Yes. Did you?”Peter had nodded sleepily. The anticipation had been awesome, the adrenaline of knowing what would happen once Wade caught him in his crazy-giant arms. Peter kind of forgot about this, until a few nights later after they’d finished up patrolling together and Deadpool landed next to him on a rooftop.“Will you be going by Mr. Cruise now?”Peter had stared at him through his mask. “Huh?”“That was some risky business you pulled back there.”After Peter had finished groaning and Wade had finished laughing at his pain, Wade turned mock serious. “But really, you almost got yourself hurt.”“Oh yeah,” Peter had snarked, “never been hurt on the job before. You?”“I’m serious,” Wade had said, stepping closer to him in a way that made Peter’s skin tingle. “I think a trip over the ol’ knee when we get home might help you remember to be more careful.”Peter was pretty sure he had gone temporarily deaf, because all he could hear was a roaring in his ears. “Wade,” he finally choked out, “if you are teasing me and don’t follow up on this, I swear to god—““Gasp! Taking the lord’s name in vain! You’re just making it worse on yourself, honeybunch.”Wade had had to mostly carry Peter home because he was too turned on to properly operate his web shooters. That night. Had been. So great. Totally worth not being able to sit down at the office the next day and having Anna Maria bore into him with her eyes as he gave some bullshit excuse that she totally saw through.After the enthusiastic review he gave Wade’s idea that night after patrol, Peter should have seen this coming. However, true to form, he did not, and was completely caught off guard when he got Wade’s text message during the Parker Industries morning meeting:
You’re getting a spanking tonight
Peter was not sure where the sound that came out of him had originated in his body. It was like a gasp/moan/sound-that-a-cow-makes combo. He looked up at the room full of his employees and saw that they also had questions about where that noise had come from. Peter tried and failed at a casual laugh.“ ‘S a joke,” he lamely gestured at his phone. “Sorry. Got a joke meme from – Tony Stark. He’s such a cut-up.”Peter caught Anna Maria's eye as the meeting attempted to resume and knew that she somehow knew exactly what had been in that text and would absolutely use this against him later.As soon as morning meeting was done, Peter locked himself in his private bathroom in his office and dialed a certain former mercenary.“Spanky-Central, this is Wade.”“Babe, you cannot text me stuff like that when I am at work,” Peter said through gritted teeth, “because now I have a boner and can’t do anything about it.”“Don’t you have a private bathroom?”“Wade!”“Okay, wait,” Wade said, “are you really upset or are you just being adorably grouchy as usual?”Peter frowned in a way he knew Wade would think was cute, which made him flail his fists, which he knew Wade would also think was cute. Damn it! “I am not ‘adorably grouchy!’”“For real though,” Wade insisted, sincerely, “if you’re not into this, it’s totes okay, I didn’t mean to—““No! No no no I do I do want to—“He could hear Wade smile. “I need a ‘yes,’ cutie.”“Yes, yes sir.”There was silence. The “sir” word hung in the air. It had just slipped out. Mother-titsing-damnit. Peter rested his forehead against the bathroom tile. “Wade?”“Yes! Sorry,” Wade said, hoarsely, “I’m fine. It’s just -- my crotch exploded.”Peter smiled, relieved and terri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spanking
Established Relationship
Dominance
Submission
D/s
Size Difference

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

