Chapter 1: Tempest Lewis
    




Chapter Text
She’s the one that always gets into trouble, seemingly without meaning to. And it’s mostly outside of work, on days off when SHIELD isn’t watching her movements as closely because she’s trained now and she’s off the clock and she doesn’t do much of anything important.But Phil knows better and he keeps close tabs on her, because if there’s something he’s learned about Darcy Lewis it’s that she’ll stick her foot into quicksand because she’s running to save someone else. So trouble finds her like she’s the brightest spot on a radar and in reality, it really isn’t her fault. Thor fell on her (literally), and then Loki slid on by before she started working for them, a passing name and playing on her good will towards other humans. It makes him ill after he learns that one, and a cold order is given to up her monitoring for a week or two.It’s how he learns her habits, how he learns that she isn’t purposefully seeking these things out but generally runs to them when she sees them.And she seems to see a lot of them. Which is why he isn’t surprised when Sitwell tells him she’s gotten into something else.“Sitwell, you said you got a hit?”“Did, yes. And your Lewis is there again. But you’re not going to believe this…”And of course she’s there. It’s only February and she’s already been on four out of six cases of imminent danger this year, all on her day off. Phil makes a mental note to bring her into Strange, check her and her family history for hexes as his eyes narrow at the screen before him. And then he has to take a seat because the stranger that she’s run into looks damn familiar and not just from his own purusing would he recognize him.That was James Barnes, one and the same as the man in the photo that sat on a fireplace where Steve has set up a few of his meager photos when he moved into the tower the agent often visits. Hair a bit longer, but besides that, basically the same. Actually, almost exactly the same if given a few years of growing up more.How worrisome and Phil spins his chair slightly, giving Sitwell a hard look.“What can you tell me about him?”

----------
Winter Soldier. The name is familiar, associated with several files in the bowels of SHIELD that have gone unsolved for years. And when he thought years, he meant back to before he was alive, years.And Darcy Lewis is giggling and flirting with a man she thinks is Russian and buying him a drink.He doesn’t pull her out of there. It’ll cause a scene and suits might startle the other into acting… harsh with her. It couldn’t be coincidence that he ran into her, no matter how many times Darcy has tipped around a corner or opened a door and ran into people at work. It’s too good a chance and Phil’s fingers flick across a keyboard as he monitors the situation. There will be someone to pick her up outside when they’re done and he takes out his personal cell to call her in.

[Text - Tempest Lewis] Forgot to sign something. Need it by Monday.
[SMS] Fffffffff. Be right in.
And that is that. He watches on the screen as she makes her goodbyes, the panic that shoots across her face at the text and the flailing for her bag in the booth at the place actually quirking up Phil’s lips half a bit. She’s out the door and in Ward’s car when Phil realizes that Barnes has something in his hands and it’s not his drink.A business card. And blue-grey eyes find themselves locked onto green on screen.Phil is the first one Darcy sees when she steps from the car. And she’s in nothing noticeable, jeans and a sweater and her bag is brown and plaid. She is the decorum of blending into the crowd unless someone wanted to count the shade of red-orange on her lips.She gets locked down in her SHIELD quarters after the situation is explained to her, though Phil has to step out when Captain America himself gets there for a full debriefing.Phil Coulson is more concerned about Steve Rogers bulling out into the world to track down a lost friend than he is about Darcy breaking protocol and leaving. The young woman had skills, good ones that she used like a laser pointer to get the job done. But there were few that could handle the Winter Soldier and Phil was sewing together their plans to make a full one, sending Natasha and Steve out to make the best of things.He does check on Darcy when the other two are in route. She’s a shade too grey and a tad too quiet, but she is working on backlogged paperwork to keep herself busy and his hand on her shoulder relaxes her enough to get her to say that she didn’t mean to do this. Again.“I know.”Her gaze is on him and she nods, bowing her head because it’s almost always her. She once said she was Daphne in this Scooby-Doo bus of an agency. Always caught but only when trying to help. And Phil had sent her into training to at least protect herself better, and she was pretty good with Judo, if he did say so himself from her tests.But he’s gone just as soon as he arrived and she’s the one taking the deep breat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
SHIELD Agent Darcy Lewis

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

