Work Text:

Daredevil isn’t blind. Daredevil is the man without fear, a ruthless guardian on the streets of Hell’s Kitchen. Never blind.

Matt Murdock is blind, however. Utterly and truly.

He doesn’t trust the Avengers. Especially Tony Stark, the man with the means to ruin him, all with the snap of his fingers. Yet, he’s been summoned to the Avengers tower after deciding that fighting Doombots in New York was 'not' a waste of his time.So, when he arrives in the med bay, as dictated by SHIELD, he’s nervous.Copying the other Avengers, he goes to an empty bed (the one beside Clint) and sits, pointing his head at his hands and trying to keep it still so that he appears to be looking at his billy clubs.The nurse does make quick work of inspecting his ribs and tells him he’s badly bruised but nothing more, nothing he didn’t already know, but he’s more concerned about the fact that Hawkeye is dragging him into what feels like a storage cupboard, but is more likely an elevator.His suspicions are confirmed when the room drops slowly, putting him on edge. The doors open into an expansive flatness, with several shapes dotted around the room. In the entire are two couches, he recognizes immediately.It’s his first time actually being in this part of the Avengers Tower, despite his honorary membership. So the buzzing in the walls is new to him, as is the landscape, so he makes an attempt to remember the layout.A woman is also in the room, crouching down to reach a shape on the floor. He hears the movement of fabric and her steady heartbeat, but not much else.“I’ll get you something to wear – it’s movie night and you’re not skipping this time!” Clint insists. The sick feeling in Matt’s gut, once dread, turns to guilt.He likes Clint. The man is funny, relaxed, and a little odd, which only works in his favor. Lying to Hawkeye feels like something he’s supposed to repent for. Maybe he can buy the man some chocolates.He rubs his head through the mask, an ache forming in the middle of his forehead.
”Are you even really blind?”
The question ripples in his head. Of course he is. Of course he’s blind. He can’t see. No light perception. He knows Foggy didn’t mean it but it hurt, especially in moments like these. When he’s reminded how blind he really is.“Get comfy. You ok?” Hawkeye hands over a bundle before wandering over to the couch on the left, sprawling out.“Yeah… Here?” He asks as he realizes the bundle is spare clothes for him to wear, figuring it comes across as nerves, not confusion.“Shy?” Romanoff asks. He turns his head to her blankly, wondering why she’s standing so still.Then he realizes Natasha was also changing out of her tight suit, making him instantly turn his head away, for show. Embarrassed, he changes out of his suit, keeping the mask on, and into what feels like denim jeans and a t-shirt.“You’re joining us?” A voice asks as it walks through an open door. “Awesome! Pop a squat.”Matt grimaces, trudging over to the couch. Reaches halfway before he kicks something and promptly stumbles, but keeps his footing. He senses a table, but he rounded the table top. It’s only when he sits down, Clint laughing at him, when he notices that the feet of the table are pointed outwards.His face burns with embarrassment as his fists ball up.
Couldn’t he trust the Avengers? Why does everything have to be a secret?
Clint makes room for him before slumping over his lap like a cat, feet dangling off the end of the sofa.Scratch that. He thinks as he longs for his cane.“Jumps off of buildings but trips over tables.” Tony comments. “I love it.”“Play nice.” Romanoff warns him. “Where’s Cap?”“De-briefing Bruce.” Tony replies. Makes a movement; shrugging?“What are we watching?” Clint asks as Romanoff sits under his legs, making him sprawl out over her and Matt. Clint’s steady heartbeat travels through his lap and buzzes through each limb.“We agreed on Disney this week.” Tony sighs, then tilts his head. “How about Prince Charming? You can make parallels.”“How about Aladdin and you can take notes?” Romanoff scoffs. “This is Matt’s first time, let him choose, Boys.”Matt feels his blood drawing away from his face and hears the squishing of saliva being squeezed down his throat. He tries to think of one he’s actually seen, knowing well that discussions will arise, knowing Clint. “Jungle Book?”“Righty-ho, Jarvis, you heard the man.” Tony says to no-one in particular.To Matt’s interest, the buzzing sparks in several different places around the room.“Of course, Sir.” A voiced recording responds. The voice is synthetic, like his text reader, but much clearer and coherent, complete with the correct tone.The collective whirlwind of noise, however, is enough to make Matt’s jaw drop.Laid before him is the room’s layout, empty voids where furniture is presented. Matt looks around quickly before looking directly at the closest source of sound.“Is your helmet x-ray or something?” Tony jokes. “How’d you know Jarvis’ main speaker is there?”“I was just look
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Blindness
Secret Identity
Secret Identity Fail
Blind Character
Friendship
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock Friendship
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Matt Murdock & the Avengers team
Matt/Clint if you squint but not really
Domestic Avengers
Mentions of Foggy - Freeform
Matt Murdock Angst
The Avengers Are Good Bros
dumpster bros
Identity Reveal
Movie Night
The Jungle Book (1967) - Freeform
Matt is innocent
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

