Work Text:
Chapter TextPeter's POVHe had just been stabbed, it hadn't even been from a villain!
It was just some mugger that he saved a lady from; but when he wasn't paying attention (even though his spider sense was lightly buzzing.) and was checking to see if the panicked woman was alright, the mugger approached from behind and once he turned around the mugger stabbed him in the gut and ran. He slid to the ground and clutched his abdomen. The woman had run away by this point, which honestly he was glad.He couldn't handle a panicked woman while he was in immense pain, and also trying to figure out how to stop the bleeding. He knew one thing though, he couldn't make it home. He also knew that he had to find a way to change out of his suit. If the cops found him as Spider-Man they would arrest him after they fixed him up, but if the cops found Peter Parker he could just say he'd been mugged, then get treated and sent home. He scooted behind a dumpster and reached into his backpack.Once he took the clothes out of the bag he changed very slowly, trying to avoid touching his wound.
Once he was done he shakily took out his phone and tried to click on the dial button...but he was shaking so much he accidentally clicked the wrong number...Tony Stark's number. None of the Avengers knew his identity, except Tony.When Tony had recruited him to fight against cap they both bonded over....you guessed it science!
It all started with Tony's curiosity on how Peter made his web fluid...and then from there they somehow both started talking about how they both had lost their parents.Peter felt close to Tony, to the point that he feels like he's the father he never had.The thing is though...he's out of the country on business which means one of the other Avengers will come and get him.He's panicking, he can't deal with the Avengers finding out his identity! They might stop asking him to come on missions because he's only 15!He didn't realize but Tony had picked up and was yelling through the phone to breathe and to tell him what was wrong.Once he slowed his breathing he finally answered."Got......stabbed." He chocked outHe heard Tony suck in a breath on the other line"Crap...ok kid are you in your suit."
Tony said"No""Ok then...I'm sending the closest avenger to your location...the reason I asked is that way I could tell them my new intern got hurt and not Spider-Man...don't fall asleep ok?"
Tony said softly".......ok"
Peter finally answered Natasha's POV She had just gotten a notification from tony telling her that his intern had just been stabbed, and that she needed to get him to Avengers medical ASAP. He also attached the kids' location.She automatically got on her electric Harley Davidson motorcycle, and started zooming towards the location. She was actually quite worried, she had talked to Peter many times and had become quite fond of the kid.All should could think was"What if I don't make it in time?!""What if he bleeds out!?"She slowed her breathing and focused on her mission.Get to Peter before it's too late. Peter's POVHe heard a motorcycle approaching; by this point he had stuffed his suit in his backpack so he had nothing to worry about when it comes to his secret identity.
He was laying on his back because he knew when he was stabbed that the wound was in the front and didn't go all the way through, he also knew he had to lay on his back while putting pressure on the wound to keep from bleeding out. He heard footsteps approaching, he didn't feel his spidey-sense so he knew whoever it was wasn't a threat. (To him at least.)Natasha's POVWhen she spotted Peter she held in a gasp...she couldn't stand seeing Peter in pain. She noticed that he seemed oddly calm and knew what to do to keep from bleeding out."Odd, normally you have to have a history with injuries to be that calm and prepared."Natasha thoughtShe rushed over to Peter and said"Hey Peter look at me....it's Natasha...Tony has an Avengers ambulance on its way, what I need you to do is concentrate and try to stay awake ok?"Peter nodded
Natasha knew she had to keep Peter's mind busy to keep him awake. So she started asking questions."Ok Peter, what's 7x6?"Peter seemed to understand what she was trying to do and after a couple of seconds he grunted out."42""Good, and what's the square root of 144?"
Natasha said looking at Peter intently."12"
Peter said a little out of breathFinally the ambulance arrived and three men hopped out, quickly getting out their supplies."Peter, these men are going to help you into the ambulance ok?"Natasha said with concern in her voicePeter just nodded in response and his eyes flickered and he passed out."Come over here quickly! We need to get him to medical as soon as possible!"She practically screamed The men then rushed to Peter's side and put a brace on his neck to keep him secure.
Then they put him on a flat board and slowly lifted him up.
They walked towards the gurney, and carefully slid him on and secured him.
Then one of the two
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Secret Identity Fail
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Aunt Natasha Romanov
Dad!Tony
injured
One Shot

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

