Work Text:
Pepper had had to put up with a lot over the years.She had run the company with a seemingly arrogant boy, gone through emotional turmoil over that same boy being kidnapped for three months, had him come back only to announce at a press conference that the company aim was changing completely, watched as he was betrayed, hired an undercover assassin, learned he was dying, learned he wasn't dying, watched him fight aliens in New York from a cellphone cam, and was now having to host his team in her home.This was not to mention that periodically Tony would leave for his girlfriend -because being honest it was kind of obvious from when Pepper had first accidently met her that he loved Raven- and Pepper had to hide the adorableness of their relationship and say she had no idea where Tony was.So when she cracked, she felt it was justified.Steve was ranting about Tony. Again."Why does Stark think himself above everyone else? These team meetings are scheduled months ahead of time! He should be here!" At this he turned to look at her as if it was her fault that Tony didn't know. She gave him the Look that she used to use when she thought Tony was actually sleeping with all those girls he took home instead letting them sleep their drunkenness off before heading home the next day.Steve didn't last five seconds.As he spoke Pepper looked around the room, bored already. Clint and Natasha were playing paper football, it being Clint's turn to flick. Thor was sleeping, snoring loud enough to block Steve's conversation from that half of the living room. She made a mental note to tell Jarvis to create sound blockers around him when he did that. Bruce was doing something on his Stark Tablet, probably some game if the hand motions were any clue.She didn't know why she had to be here as a stand in for Tony. The man was old enough to make his own decisions so it wasn't like she was supposed to make him do what they decided, besides trying to make Tony do anything was a lesson in futility.She wasn't a secretary anymore, damn it! She was the CEO and CEO's didn't take notes."If he is too selfish and busy with himself to be on the meetings, he just shouldn't be on the team! He never cuts the wire for the other guy, and is too wrapped up in himself to be a successful team player and Avenger!" Steve ranted. That was the final straw."Oh, shut up." Pepper snapped. The paper football missed by a long shot, Bruce lost his game -the sad music sounded- and Clint smacked Thor's foot to wake him up. Steve looked dumbstruck."Excuse me?" He asked."I said shut up, Kid America." She repeated. Clint was grinning and Bruce leaned forward. "I have sat in this uncomfortable seat that you insisted on for almost a year, listening to you rant. Now you may not have anything better to do then talk about Mr. Stark, but I do. I have a damn business to run, and if you can get the flag pole out of your ass and say something productive in the next minute I will stay for another hour, but if you -as I expect- can not I am leaving. Mr. Stark is busy, a concept you don't seem to understand if you have time enough to rant about your team member in these terms. He has to be many places at once, and when he gets enough time to visit the hospital, he does. Believe it or not you are not the most important thing in the world; some of us have lives outside of this room." She took a deep breath and arched an eyebrow. "Well, Captain? You now have fifty seconds."She ignored Clint's snickering, Natasha's smirk, and Bruce passing five dollars to Thor. She just stared at Captain Spandex.He stared back."As I thought." She picked up her bag and walked to the elevator leading downstairs. "Goodbye. Oh, and Captain? If you say that Tony should be kicked out of the Avengers after all he had given up, you won't have to deal with me. You'll have to deal with Jarvis. Good day." She stepped into the elevator and the doors swooshed shut.It wasn't until she had gotten downstairs and sat at her desk that she realized she had told them about the hospital.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------Raven pet Marwolaeth 's head lazily.Tony had just left again and Marwolaeth was trying to distract her from missing him. Nurse Cali knocked on the door and poked her head through."Everything alright, Suzie?" Raven smiled and nodded. Suzie was the only name she was called these days that actually started with the letter S.Raven rather liked Suzie, but hated the first 'S' names she had been called -("It's the Savior! We don't have to die today!").Since Suzie was Cali's best friend's name in their youth. Raven allowed it for the time being, still preferring Tony's Raven nickname over the rest.
[Cloudy. Chris looks up and rubs arms. Cold.]
A knock on the door outside made Raven look up. She shook her head at the door, then nodded to the tea kettle Tony had brought. It started shrieking and a tilt of her hand had it pouring itself and the cup floating over.An
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Awesome Pepper Potts
fem harry
Protective Tony Stark
Steve Rogers is a jerk
Quirky Harry
Tony Feels
Protective Pepper
Avenger team - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

