Chapter 1: What Ned Saw
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

One:

What Ned saw.
It happened out of nowhere, so sudden and swift that Ned’s brain had to take a few minutes to collect itself before his body burst into action.“C’mon, Peter, c’mon.” he encouraged, manhandling his best friend into a nearby restroom, feeling wretched when he heard Peter whimper. “You can do it, c’mon.”It was a miracle that the episode happened minutes after lunch break, so there was a mild stampede of busy students making a beeline towards their respective classrooms, leaving Ned and Peter to navigate around the crowd of people with one of them dragging the other.Some had thrown annoyed looks when Peter or Ned bumped into them. Flash had even let out an indignant, “Watch it, Penis!”, but in the end no one got in their way, and finally Ned had his best friend propped up on the wall of the restroom.“Peter?” Ned tentatively asked.He was ignored. Peter had immediately curled up on himself, putting his forehead against his knees and wrapping his arms around his legs, back heaving as he took in deep breaths - and Ned had never seen his best friend so small. It was difficult to see Spider-Man when Peter was like this.It had to be an anxiety attack. It was something Ned had read somewhere in the prolific fanfictions he’d paged through, but he only ever really scanned it, and now he was regretting it so bad because he had no idea how to help.“Peter, can you hear me?” He tried again, reaching out a hand to place it on Peter’s back, but it had been a wrong move.Peter flinched violently away from him, scrambling backwards on all fours until his back hit the corner of the room with a loud sound. Ned was sure it had dented, but damage to school property was the last thing on his mind when Peter put both hands on top of his ears and closed his eyes and just started sobbing.“Oh god oh god oh god.” Ned chanted, feeling horrified at his uselessness and being completely out of his element. He was supposed to be Peter’s best friend and he couldn’t even help and oh god he needed an adult-He had been seconds from leaving Peter and hunting down their school nurse when there was suddenly loud music playing through one of Peter’s pockets. The sound had Peter crumpling against himself more, and Ned had the wherewithal to clamber as close as he dared towards Peter, and then snatched his phone from his hoodie’s pocket.Ned answered the phone without looking at the caller ID and barely had the phone on his ear when somebody barked, “Peter, what’s happening? Your vitals are off the charts – ““He’s having an anxiety attack.” Ned stammered out, feeling like he should know who this voice was, but he was too scattered to focus. “He’s – he just shut down suddenly after lunch and he’s hunched in on himself and crying and I don’t know what to do- ““Calm down!” the guy on the line ordered, and Ned immediately fell silent. “What’s your name?”“I’m – My name’s Ned.” He gulped, trying to put a rein on his emotions. “I’m Peter’s friend.”“Alright, Ned, I need you to do as I say.” The guy continued calmly, and his voice was the steady ground Ned had needed. “You need to stay in front of Peter. You have to be in his line of sight, but do not touch him. Are you alone? You told me it’s after lunch break.”“I locked us in the men’s room.” Ned answered, shuffling backward so that he was indeed facing Peter and as far away as he could be. “We’re alone and I’m in front of Peter. What else do I do?”“Good, good. Now, I need you to talk to him. Keep talking, don’t stop, any topic would do. Make sure your voice sounds okay, because if you panic Peter’s going to panic as well if not more. Do you understand?”“But what do I say?” Ned asked, aghast and floundering.“Anything.” He answered back steadily, and there was the sound of cars honking on his side of the phone. “You’re Peter’s guy in the chair, right? You know him better than anyone. You’ll think of something. Just remember: Peter’s counting on you right now.”Ned gulped. “Okay. Okay. I’m – I’m calming down. I’ll talk to him.”“You’re doing good, Ned. I’m on my way to your school as we speak, expect me there in five minutes or less. Hopefully. Fu - freaking traffic. Now put Peter’s phone on vibrate, I’ll call you when I’m there.” And then he ended the call.“Right.” Ned said, pocketing the phone and then stared at Peter’s hunched form. He was starting to rock himself, and it took every inch of Ned’s will-power not to make his voice crack. “I have no idea who that guy was, Peter, but he sure sounded like a cool adult. How come you know so many cool adults? It’s already so unfair that you know Tony Stark. The only person I know who’s like that is probably my mom.”“Speaking of moms, do you know what the current fan theory on Princess Leia is? I mean, I have no idea what they’re going to do now Carrie Fischer’s gone, but they should make some proper farewell to her character on the mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

