Work Text:

One. 
"Mr. Stark, I just want to say that you're beautiful and mean-" T'Challa trailed off as he lost himself in the swirling universe within Tony's amber-colored eyes. It felt as though he was falling, but without the fear of a crash landing. Perhaps floating was a better descriptor of what it was like to be ensnared by Tony's beauty. There was a furrow forming between Tony's neatly groomed brows and those brilliant eyes dimmed as they narrowed in consternation. Wait, consternation? "Well, at least you paid me a compliment before you insulted me." Tony grinned but there was no humor in enticing curve of his mouth. "Insult?" T'Challa reared back in offense on Tony's behalf when his brain processed what the other man said. "Who dares?" Now Tony looked concerned, reaching out a warm hand to grip T'Challa elbow. "Are you feeling alright, Your Highness?" "T'Challa, please." "T'Cha-"  Shuri's snort robbed T'Challa the pleasure of hearing his name from Tony's lips. "My brother is doing just fine, Mr. Stark." She slipped her hand through the crook of T'Challa's elbow, the action prompted Tony to let go. T'Challa would have growled if not for her nails digging into the sensitive pressure points on his forearm. "He suffers from a severe case of awkwardly-long-pauses, also known as the poor-timing syndrome." Tony looked contemplative.Sweat beaded along T'Challa hairline. "I do not know of what you speak, Sister." "Perhaps this will jog your memory, you were telling Mr. Stark how he was beautiful and mean?" "So much to the world!" T'Challa supplied hastily, feeling his cheeks warm with embarrassment. "You're beautiful and mean so much to the world. Because of your clean energy initiative and medical technology advancements." "Oh." Tony blinked owlishly.  
Two.
"Hey, Kitty Cat." Tony wiggled his fingers.T'Challa found himself tracking the movement of those elegant, calloused, and skillful digits. "I'd like to take you to dinner, Mr. Stark." He blurted out instead of returning the greeting like a civilized person. Luckily, Tony didn't seem to find fault in T'Challa's faux pas. "If you're taking me to dinner, then you should call me Tony." His smile was both confident and shy at the same time, a juxtaposition that was absolutely alluring. "Well, then. Tony. It is a date." "Great." They stared at one another with a softness that seemed to envelope them in a haze all their own.A personal bubble of promises to be made and vows to be said.One that Shuri burst with her usual bluntness. "Where are you taking Tony?" T'Challa resisted the urge to hiss at his sister, for interrupting the moment and presuming such closeness. "I'm thinking pasta, do you like pasta? Of course, you do-" "I love pasta, my mother was Italian." "-you look like you eat carbs." Tony gaped then closed his mouth slowly before opening it with a pop. "Did you just say I look like I eat carbs?" "Um." T'Challa floundered. "I said you look like you need carbs. Yes, need. Because you must work hard and need the energy. Carb-loading is not just for marathon runners." "O...kay." Tony nodded slowly. "There's a little Italian place two blocks from Stark Tower. Meet you there tomorrow night, um, seven-ish?" "Perfect. As you undoubtedly are." It wasn't his best line but T'Challa thought it was leaps and bounds above what he had already said. "Yes, I'm quite perfect for someone who looks like he eats carbs." Shuri disguised her scoff of laughter with a cough, poorly.  
Three.
The first date prompted a second, then a third, and before T'Challa realized it, he had spent almost three months in New York and nearly every moment with Tony in some capacity. They chatted via text about political strategies during the mornings when T'Challa was stuck negotiating Wakanda's reentry in D.C. and the afternoons by Tony's side in the workshop being awed by Tony's brilliance. Night time was spent exploring the city and its many fine establishments, with a few questionable ones thrown in for the sake of adventure. They had a whole other kind of adventure between the sheets and atop of every piece of furniture in the penthouses at both Stark Tower and the Four Seasons. T'Challa preferred mornings when they drifted out of slumber together, blurry eyes meeting as they blinked sleep away, it made his body tingle at how in sync they were. He also adored the times when he woke before Tony and had the privilege of watching the other man sleep. The rise and fall of Tony's chest, the little flares of his nostrils, and light flutters of his impossibly long eyelashes. "Morning, Lion King." Tony yawned and leaned in for a kiss, even his sweet-sour huff of morning breath was precious. T'Challa knew, in that moment, he was irrevocably enthralled and had no plans of breaking such a lovely spell. "Tony, I'd like to bite the bullet and call you my boyfriend."Tony shuffled back to his side of the bed and turned to lie on his stomach with his arms cushioning his chin. "Bite the bullet? Oh, Simb
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Fluff
Humor
Getting Together
Awkward Flirting
Parent Tony Stark
Parent T'Challa
5+1

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

