Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Authors Note: All Art Provided by My Sweet Friend LATELIERDERIOT on Tumblr. Go check her out, I love her and you should too.  ***************** Tony Stark was having a bad day.Really, just the worst.It started with ripping the sleeve of his favorite shirt as he turned a corner, because apparently it was too much to ask for no nails to be sticking out of a door jam.How was there a nail? Why was his shirt ripped? Why had he paid out the ass for some high end contractor to leave nails sticking out?Then a business meeting, which should have been barely more than a meet and greet with a quick signing of a new contract, disintegrated into chaos when the representatives of the German tech company took offense to… something.Or they were annoyed about… something… or whatever.Tony already had a headache and was barely listening, and jumped in surprise when all the shouting started.Pepper dove right into full reconciliation mode to try and salvage everything, but even her best efforts weren't enough to save it and almost a year’s worth of negotiations went right down the drain.The Germans tore up the contract and left in a huff, muttering angrily under their breaths while Tony just stared in disbelief.He was furious, and rightly so.His job was to design all the tech, not sell it to the other companies, not to barter contracts, not to deal with all this bullshit. That's why he had a team, and today his team had let him down.But it wasn't like it was Peppers fault, and really, his team had tried their best, so Tony just loosened his tie and opened the bar in the conference room, handing out drinks for everyone before moving on.A speeding ticket from a motorcycle cop as he raced down the freeway trying to get home before dinner with Rhodey.Lovely.Traffic cops were...were… well, they were hard working civil servants who deserved his respect (as Pepper had reminded him so many times) but still the biggest pain in his ass. And expensive ones too.A phone call from a reporter came in round four in the afternoon when he was still on the road, the brash woman on the other line asking if he cared to comment on the stories his ex girlfriend was sharing about him.“Ex?” Tony asked with a confused frown. “What do you mean ex?”The reporter went on to tell him that his ex- girlfriend Shawna had called them with a story about him. Something about his habits in bed and weird beauty rituals. That he demanded certain things from her, and was a selfish lover. That he had an AI that controlled his life and that he was building weapons in his lab.Did Tony have any comment about any of it? Was there any truth to the rumours?Tony hung up the phone without answering, and then called Pepper in a panic, but she was already on damage control, already making sure that everyone knew that Shawna was simply angry that she had been a fling and that Tony hadn't kept her around for very long.Pepper was also making sure to tell anyone who asked that Tony hadn't even let Shawna stay overnight in their rather short relationship, so there was no way she would know anything of importance about him.She told them that everything being built in Tony's lab was the sole property of Stark Industries, usually patent pending to the United States military and if they printed anything that even resembled information about his projects, they would be taken to court and sued for copyright infringement and anything else she could nail them with.Pepper was the best, always putting out fires, and Tony promised her a new present-- something that involved diamonds and a day at her favorite spa for taking care of him.Then he hung up the phone and pounded at his steering wheel.He had really liked Shawna. She was sweet and funny and matched him snark for snark, and he was just thinking it was time to ask her to spend the night, maybe even the weekend with him.He had been sure she would see past the money, and the Stark name and stick around for the long haul, but apparently that wasn't the case.Tony had thought they were taking everything at a reasonable pace, and since she hadn't complained about it, that she was fine with waiting to move forward.Apparently that hadn't been the case either, and here he was single again, on the front of a tabloid again, frustrated over the emptiness in his life again.Thank god for dinner with Rhodey.Except no, there was another disappointment.“Real sorry, Tones.” Rhodey said over the voice mail. “My baby niece has a recital tonight and I missed the last one so I gotta be there tonight. Can we reschedule for next week?”Tony was just dialing his phone to call Rhodey back and give him hell about missing dinner before asking where the recital was so he could send flowers to his favorite little niece, but then he stepped out of the elevator----and tripped over the edge of the carpet and fell flat on his fae.It shouldn’t have been a big deal, but after such a long day it was just the one final thing that broke it all, and To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/ Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
stuckony - Freeform
winterironshield - Freeform
texting au
Non powered au
Long Distance Relationship
Drunk Texting
Wrong number
Stony - Freeform
eventual stuckony
Video messaging
flirty texting
sexy pictures
First Meetings
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Threesome - M/M/M
Teasing
Blow Jobs
handjobs
Dirty Talk
Buckys Brooklyn Accent
Shameless Smut
Fluff and Smut and Feels
Light Angst
Fingerfucking
Buckys Left Arm
Sweet Steve Rogers
Flirty Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/ Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

