Work Text:
Bucky made….cookies.Like really, really insanely good cookies. While humming, and listening to slow music as he took over the kitchen in the Tower. He even wore an apron most times.And really, the team didn't know what to do about it.Mostly because even a year and a half after Steve brought him home, Bucky was still quiet more days than not. He still wore his hair long, his chin a little scruffy. He hardly ever smiled, hardly ever engaged with anyone. He was never in anything other than a long sleeve because he didn't like the attention his arm inevitably drew, even though Steve had told him at least a hundred times that no one here ever noticed. He didn't wake up screaming with nightmares anymore, but no one ever actually saw him sleep either so…Anyway. Cookies.Like, the best cookies in the world. And he absolutely refused to share.In fact, no one was even allowed in the kitchen while he was baking. Clint had tried one time to scoop some cookie dough and Bucky had (accidentally) almost broken his hand.So the team retreated, hovered outside the kitchen door and plotted ways to get to the cookies.Steve had assured them that back in the day, Bucky had in fact been the best cook he had known, always making something in his mamas kitchen, and then cooking for Steve after his parents passed.It didn't matter what it was- thick, crusty bread, impossibly light pastries, and of course these amazing cvookies--- Bucky could make them no problem, and was happy to do every time Steve looked just the littlest bit hungry.Of course Steve had been allergic to or at least sensitive to nearly everything back then, so little bites and nibbles was the best he could do. And now that he was a 100% healthy, super serum powered soldier who needed upwards of 4000 calories a day to keep his body running… well Steve was just as desperate as the rest of them to get his hands on some of Bucky's cookies.But alas, it wasn't going to happen. Because Bucky only ever baked enough for himself, just enough to pile on a plate that he then hoarded on his lap during team movie nights, an entire gallon of milk sitting next to him because that's how much milk it took to wash the cookies down.So it had become a game, a sort of challenge for the team to try and steal the cookies. They took turns, came up with elaborate plans and carried them out-- and they all failed every single time.Hawkeye had crawled through the ductwork and then lowered himself a la Mission Impossible to try and snatch a cookie off a cooling tray.Bucky had calmly and quietly and really without even looking??-- thrown a knife and severed the rope, sending Clint crashing to the ground.Tasha had worn something low cut and proceeded to look everywhere for whichever dish she supposedly needed, while inching closer and closer to the cookies.Bucky had simply told her that showing too much skin around a hot oven was an easy way to get burned, and Tasha had retreated.Steve's ploy was nostalgia, asking Bucky for cookies in the same tone of voice he used to, eyes big and round, one hand pressed to his stomach while complaining that he was hungry.Bucky almost gave into that, but only almost, and Steve didn't get any cookies that day either.Sam, being Sam, had just swaggered into the kitchen, sat on the counter casually and struck up conversation with Bucky, laughing and chatting and reaching for a cookie, only to have a spatula come down across his knuckles.So they all failed. All the time. But it didn't stop them from trying.In fact the only one who didn't try was Tony. He was always too busy in his lab to remember to eat anyway, much less spend hours plotting on how to get cookies from Bucky.Today was another movie night, which meant it was another cookie day, and all of their attempts had failed again, so they all watched miserably while Bucky loaded his plate high and grabbed a gallon of milk and headed to the movie room. They all sat in silence, suffering, because they could smell how amazing the cookies were, could almost taste them… and Bucky munched happily on his cookies, a little smirk on his face as the movie rolled.About forty five minutes into the movie, maybe a little more, Tony stumbled through the door.He looked awful. Just exhausted and weary and cranky and they all knew he had done of his marathon work days again, where he worked for close to thirty hours at a time before his body finally crashed.Automatically, they all shifted to make room on whichever seat they were in, because Tony always needed snuggles after a long day, and he would usually just gravitate to whoever was closest and pass out on them for several hours.No one ever complained because… well it was Tony. Why would they complain? And all of them had been stuck on couches for the better part of a day before, their favorite genius snoring away in their arms.Just a perk of living at the Tower really.So everyone got ready to catch Tony when he fell onto them, everyone except Bucky rather, because he wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark

freeform: 
Baking
Bucky can cook
Friends to Lovers
Sleepy Tony
grumpy tony
Getting Together
quick fic
Originally Posted on Tumblr
Trying to Steal Cookies

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark

