Work Text:
Deadpool and Spider-Man were sitting on the roof of a crappy apartment building, waiting for the sun to set so they could start their patrol.   It was actually  Wade's  crappy apartment building, but Spidey didn't know  that  was why he always insisted on meeting here. He was honestly too lazy to meet any further away from his own place, so this worked just fine.  Wade was talking about... well nothing, really. Really he was just running his mouth a thousand miles a minute like he tended to do whenever Spidey was around because even fully wrapped in clothes (spandex) and with his mask firmly in place, Spider Man still gave Deadpool the sort of heebie jeebies that his favorite stripper gave him, or the kind of heebie jeebies one of those giant chimichangas from that street vendor gave him. The kind of heebie jeebies that started at his fingertips and ended well below his belt and always left him feeling as if his brain had shorted out and he was starving for more. But Spidey had made it clear, like painfully awkwardly crystal  screaming  clear, that if Wade didn't start keeping his hands to himself, that his hot little piece of spandex clad Spidey ass was gonna leave him strung up somewhere where he couldn't get down, and their days of hanging out on patrol would be OVER.   So Wade kept his grabbiness to himself and instead kept a running stream of nonsense from behind his mask, talking about literally anything in the world to keep himself distracted from the way the Spiders legs were long and muscled, and that trim little waist, and the way his voice was soft even when he was upset and --oh. Oh wait.    Wait  .  What was happening?  What was happening right now?   Somewhere in between talking about the ugly sweater he'd seen on some old lady, and day dreaming about Spideys legs, the kid had fallen asleep... and was leaning against Wade's shoulder, snoring softly.   And yeah, Wade knew Spidey was over eighteen, he had bugged him non stop until the kid had snapped that he had just turned twenty two, but hey, twenty two was still just a kid, still too young to be risking his life to be saving other people. Twenty two was like... college classes, and sex all the time, and skateboarding places and sleeping till noon.   Not dodging bullets and helping the cops, and having to be stitched up on Thursday nights by the mercenary who followed you around and didn't step in front of the knife fast enough.   Wade still kicked himself for that. He hadn't seen the knife the ski mask wearing asshole had  been carrying, and Spidey had just barely dodged in time and the knife had buried into the muscle of his calf instead of his femoral artery. Wade had… well Wade had done something to the now knifeless asshole that Spidey would have been  really  upset about. And then Wade carried Spidey back to his shitty apartment and cleared of days of fast food wrappers from his bed to stitch the kids leg up.   And Spidey had thanked him in a soft shaky voice and had squeezed his hand lightly and Wade had just given up pretending he wasn't already in love.  Because he was.Boy howdy was he in love.But Wade had been really  really good and not done anything grabby or awkward and now…holy shit was this his reward?? Because  now...  now  Spidey was LEANING on him, relaxed and warm and well, Wade was helpless and really sort of shameless, so he just shifted so he was leaning a little harder against the AC unit on the roof, and eased his arm around the kids shoulder so he was leaning into Wade's chest now.   And the Merc with a Mouth, in full Deadpool regalia, lay on the roof and held the Spider-man as he slept, as the sun went down and the nightlife started stirring below them.   The moon rose and still Wade held him, and then the stars started lighting up and  still  Wade held him. it was almost two and a hours later when Spidey moved a little, and Wade instantly loosened his hold, ready to basically drop the kid and bolt if Spidey was mad, but it must have been a  fucking miracle  because instead of moving away, the Spider-kid stretched and wrapped his arms around Wades waist and snuggled closer.  "Your couch is so uncomfortable, Wade." That soft voice complained, and Wade could have screamed in amazement, but he was cooler than that, so he just cleared his throat. "Um. Sorry. My couch? You um...want to move to the bed?"  "Yeah." Spidey mumbled. “Take me to bed.” and Wade thought about it for all of about two seconds before making up his mind. "Alright, I'm gonna carry you okay?"  "Yeah. Carry me.” "Alright, Spidey, here we go." Wade smiled, and  just lifted him into his lap, and stood up easily, hefting the 150lbs like it was no problem.   "It's Peter."   "What?" Wade froze.   "It's weird you call me Spidey.” Still such a soft, sleepy voice. “It's Peter. Just call me Peter."   "Right. Peter."   "Yeah."   "Yeah." Wade pushed out a deep breath. "Hold on, Peter. We will be in bed in just a minute."   Less than a minute really, cradl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wade Wilson/ Peter Parker
Deadpool/ Spiderman

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Deadpool being Deadpool
Sleepy Spidey
Sweet Wade
First Kisses
Getting Together
Trusting Peter
Semi-Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Wade Wilson/ Peter Parker
Deadpool/ Spiderman

