Work Text:
*****************“Hey honey.” Tony ran his fingers through his hair tiredly. “Aren't you looking pretty? Clean up nice, don't you?” His words were nearly slurring, but not because he was drunk.No, Tony just hadn't slept in pushing thirty six-- oh scratch that-- forty two hours.So he was way past exhausted and edging quickly into so -tired -I'm- just- wide- awake- and- hallucinating-things territory.Which was a very plausible excuse for the fact that he was not only chatting up, but almost coming on to Mjolnir as she sat on the table where Thor had left her earlier. Of course Tony knew he was talking to Mjolnir, but hey, if he could talk to his bots like they understood him, he was damn sure gonna talk to a hammer that had some sort of life energy or force of it's own. Sorry, of her own.So sure. Tony was chatting up the hammer.“You wanna go to bed?” Tony asked and then giggled to himself. “No not with me. I better take you back to Thor, he will probably get all sorts of jealous if you end up in my room. Is that weird? Do you like.. Do you have anything going on in there?” Tony blinked at the hammer for a minute.“Alright. I need to sleep. Standing here waiting for a hammer to talk back to me. Alright. Upsie-Daisy let’s get going.”Tony picked up Mjolnir carefully, cradling her close to his chest. “Not as heavy as you look.” he said in vague surprise. “Which I suppose is what every girl wants to hear, right? Lets go find your daddy. Is Thor your daddy? Keeper? Handler?”Tony kept talking quietly as he walked up the stairs, headed for the common area, asking Mjolnir about her adventures with Thor, wanting to know if it was Mjolnir that flew or could Thunder Muscles actually fly? How did Thor really feel about Loki? Because if Tony were being honest it was sort of a toss between preferring a blonde or brunette god, but it didn't matter because Loki was crazy and Thor wasn't interested.“Which honestly--” Tony was saying as he walked into the common room. “--is a damn shame, because I would let that guy just about wreck me. Say Thor--” he raised his voice a little and Thor turned around to look at him, as did Clint and Natasha and Sam. “You left Mjolnir in the lab just sitting on the edge of the table. I mean, seriously, she could have fallen. What if she had broken? I don't understand why you’re so careless. Here.” Tony handed Thor the hammer and turned right back around, heading for the kitchen. “I need coffee then sleep. Nobody talk to me for like a week, alright?”No one answered, because no one had managed to close their mouths yet, and Tony sent them all a weird look before filling his cup and shuffling off to his bedroom.“Are we gonna-- are we gonna talk about--” Sam made a vague motion with his hands. “We gonna talk about-- um-- what--”“What the hell just happened?” Clint looked up at Natasha, who had frozen in the middle of what had been a killer shoulder massage. “Did you see--”“Did I see Tony, who was barely coherent and basically dead on his feet just walk in here and scold Thor for leaving Mjolnir dumb places, and then  hand Thor the hammer. That he had apparently carried all the way up from the lab. Without even noticing. He didn't even notice.”“Well regardless--” Clint nodded towards Thor. “I think it broke the big guy.”Thor was staring, completely speechless, alternating between the hammer in his hand and the door that Tony had walked through.“I think it broke him too.” Natasha said with a giggle.“This is a big deal though, right?” Sam asked, coming closer. “I mean, nobody but Thor can lift Mjolnir.”“Actually, anyone who is worthy can lift Mjolnir. Thor just happens to be the only one who is worthy.”“And my bride.” Thor finally spoke. “Myself and my bride are worthy to lift Mjolnir.” He rubbed his palm over the runes and symbols that decorated the seemingly unassuming hammer. “I have been trying to court Anthony for months, trying to determine if he is even open to being wooed, or if his affections lie elsewhere. And then I started doubting myself, wondering if I was simply wasting time with Anthony when I should be searching for my bride. But now…” Thor's deep voice trailed off, and the other three avengers shared wide eyed looks.“Sorry-- that was… you have…” Sam folded his arms. “You have been  courting Tony? Like, gifts and flowers and stealing kisses under the moonlight?”“We have not progressed to exchanging physical affection, no.” Thor said slowly. “But in light of this new development, perhaps I should attempt to engage Anthony more often.”“Uh perhaps…” Clint offered and he and Sam stared wide eyed at each other.“Well I think it's wonderful.” Natasha patted Clints shoulder and moved to lay a kiss on Thor's head. “Of course Tony is worthy, god knows the rest of us aren't. Go get him, honey.”“Tell me something--” Sam gave a quick check to make sure Natasha was out of the room. “When did she turn from scary and you know...Spidery to this soft, compliment giving, kissing people’s heads la
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ Thor Odinson
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Prompt Fill
tony is worthy
Mjolnir - Freeform
ThunderIron - Freeform
Sleep deprived Tony Stark
Tony is oblivious
First Kisses
Bottom Tony
Fluff and Feels
so sweet

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ Thor Odinson
Tony Stark/Thor

