Work Text:
**************“We need to have a talk.” Tony ripped his sunglasses off his face, tossing them onto the couch and folded his arms over his chest.Bucky, Thor and Steve all looked at each other guiltily, then up at Tony as innocently as possible.“What's wrong, Tony?” Steve asked, dropping the recliner and leaning forward with a concerned look on his face. “Is everything alright?”“Yeah, what's wrong?” Bucky quit stuffing his face with a sandwich and wiped his hands on his jeans.“Anthony, surely you know you can tell us anything.” Thor offered, sitting up from where hed been lying on the floor.“Don't act innocent with me!” Tony snapped. “The three of you have been… conspiring against me and I am done with it.”“I have no idea what you are referring---”“Can it Rogers!” Tony pointed a finger at him. “You, Big and Blond, have been taking my t shirts and replacing them with ones that smell like you. I am starting to look homeless wearing your huge ass shirts all the time. And you, Dark and Scary--” he jabbed his finger at Bucky. “Have been moving everything in the kitchen up to the top shelves so I have to ask you for help every damn time I want to eat something.”“That is disgraceful.” Thor said, frowning, and Tony whirled on him.“Oh no. No no no Thunderhead, don't get me started on you. You have been leaving Mjolnir places where I have to be just so I have to call for you to move her. And then usually you don't even move her, you just pick me up like a fucking cat and move me!”“Like a cat?” Bucky muttered and Thor shrugged sheepishly.“Not entirely like a cat, Anthony. I don't pick you up by your neck, I simply scoop you into--”“Stuff it!” Tony yelled. “Now I don't know why you guys are making life difficult for me, but it stops NOW.”“Tony.” Steve coughed. “We aren't trying to make things difficult for you, we just want--”“Um, we are trying to make it seem like---” Bucky hesitated. “I mean, we are only trying to--”“You need us.” Thor said simply. “And if you need us, then the transition into a romantic relationship will be much easier on us all.”Tony stared at him for a full minute, the muscle in his jaw jumping as he ground his teeth. “My brain just broke.” He said finally. “It's broken. I can't process this right now. You are telling me, that you three giant dummies have been messing with me for weeks because you want to… you want to…. I can't even say it. I literally can't say it. My brain is broken. I'm going to go get a drink. You three stay away from me.” He turned and stomped away.“Well. That didn't work out as well as I thought.” Steve muttered, and Bucky threw a piece of sandwich at him in annoyance.“No, it totally didn't.”“I don't understand.” Thor pondered. “If he needs us outside of the bedroom, why wouldn't that same principle apply inside the bedroom. It seems a fool proof plan.”“Yeah, it totally did.”They fell silent for a long time, each lost in their own thoughts.“Boys.” Natashas voice interrupted the quiet, and she sounded like she was laughing. “Silly boys. So pretty and yet so dumb. Tony doesn't need anyone. Ever. Haven't you learned anything from living with him all these years?”She sauntered into the room and lay out on the couch, all red hair and dangerous curves wrapped in leather and spandex. “You will have to seduce him. Appeal to his softer side. He certainly doesn't  need  you, so make him  want you.”“And what makes you think that will work?” Bucky challenged, folding his arms stubbornly. “What do you know about this sort of thing?”“How do you think Clint got me?” Natasha replied with a lazy shrug. “Do you think it was by showing off? By inconveniencing me until I gave in? No. No no oh Clint.” she sighed happily, her green eyes fluttering closed. “Oh, he bought me flowers. Rubbed my feet after a long day. Braided my hair. When I came in from a mission there would be a bath waiting. He even painted my toe nails once when I asked.”Steve looked uncomfortable and Natasha laughed at him. “Stevie, being gentle and sweet with your lover is expected. Get used to it. Tony is high maintenance. And honestly if the three of you big goons can't handle that, you don't deserve him. Honestly I don't see how it will work with the three of you, but I am definitely interested in this whole mess.”“So…” Thor raised an eyebrow. “We will be wooing Anthony. Courting him.”“Thunder-thighs gets it.” Natasha teased. “Pretty presents, sparkly things, compliments. Make him want you, and he will melt, I promise.”“Nat?” Clint called for her and she sat up.“Speak of the devil! Hello my love.”“Hey.” Clint bent down and kissed her, long and sweet. “Can I get you something to eat?”“I am a little hungry.” Natasha admitted, looking pleased. “But can we eat here? My feet hurt.”“Oh come here, then.” Clint just lifted her right into his arms, kissing her nose. “I'll carry you wherever you want to go.”“My hero.” Nat said with a soft sigh and a giggle, and the two of them left without even acknowledging the other men.“May
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ Thor Odinons/Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes

freeform: 
Prompt Fill
WinterIronThunderShield
Foursome
courting
Tony is oblivious
Everybody loves Tony
Fluff and Light Smut and Feels
No Angst

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ Thor Odinons/Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes

