Chapter 1: Squirrels
    




Chapter Text
Chapter One: Squirrels Surrounded by SHIELD agents, Loki gathered the power he needed, pulling deep on the ley line he was standing upon. He grinned broadly as hundreds of his doubles outnumbered the SHIELD agents, "Really, Agent Coulson? You think your weapons can take me down? Do you truly believe you have anything in your arsenal that could do anything to bring me to your earth justice?"Coulson walked forward, his weapon, the last one SHIELD had ever invented to bring Loki down - back when he was considered the worst threat earth had ever faced - held at hip height, pointed toward his old nemeses. "This gun was made with the co-operation of Asgard. Thor allowed us to test it on him before he left. Just a short burst and he was incapacitated for hours. Every single one of my agents is armed with one of these guns, and one of us will be able to hit you, and more than a few seconds pulse from one of these babies? And you are just a big green smear on the pavement.Loki pulled his hands back, his grin turning positively feral, but before he could speak,Coulson walked forward, raised the gun in the air, then, with great ceremony, never breaking eye contact with Loki, placed it on the ground.Every agent followed, each of them putting their weapons on the ground and taking a step back.Coulson walked forward, hands at shoulder height, palms forward. "We come in peace, Loki. I'm here on behalf of Director Fury. SHIELD would like to have a word with you, if you don't mind."Loki stood, confused and baffled expression on his face, hands still at 'zap with eldritch powers' position, his whole body stance ready to shoot first and shoot later."I should have thought SHIELD had better things to do than waste my time," Loki sneered, bravado to cover his confusion at their behaviour."Yes, I'm sorry to have interrupted your shopping. One of our agents will take your milk and croissants to your apartment for you. We have copies of the keys so they can let themselves in. But right now we really need to have a discussion regarding your contribution to earth's security."Loki dropped his hands and stood up straighter, his expression now purely WTF. One of Coulson's agents sidled over, nervously side-eying Loki, picked up his plastic shopping bag, nodded respectfully, and sidled away again. "I'll just put this in the fridge for you, sir," he said, sidling quickly."What is going on?" Loki said. "What kind of foolish behaviour is this?""If you would come with me, sir, I'll explain everything. We are no longer carrying weapons that can harm you, but I must insist that you come with me.""And if I refuse?""Then I will continue to ask you politely until you acquiesce."Loki stood and looked puzzled for a little while, then shrugged. "Oh, all right then." It wasn't like he hadn't spent years interacting with SHIELD in various capacities, usually violently, so it wasn't as if Coulson had any threat he didn't already know about or had already experienced.Coulson didn't look at all surprised at Loki's quick capitulation, which disappointed Loki a little, but was to be expected. It took far more than Loki was capable of to discombobulate Fury's favourite agent.Coulson walked back towards a SHIELD car, and while he did, another small group of SHIELD agents started pulling panels away from the car, rapidly expanding it until it was a neat little office, four times its original size, table and chairs and tidy windows. Another impressive bit of improbable SHIELD technology.  Coulson led the way inside and pulled up an office chair, offering another to Loki, and they sat at opposite sides of the table.  An anonymous agent came in, put coffee on the table in front of Coulson, and a Coke for Loki. Real Coke, cold, from a bottle, no glass, no ice, just how he'd learned to love it. So sweet, so fizzy. Nothing on Asgard could compare."Now, Mr… how do you prefer to be addressed? I believe you consider Odinson or Laufeyson inaccurate?""Loki is fine," Loki said, with an expression like he'd smelled bad milk."One of your fake IDs has the name Skywalker, would you mind if I used that? I'd like to keep this professional."Loki shrugged indifferently and wondered how many guns were secretly pointed at him, or if the whole office/car was rigged with explosives."Mr Skywalker, I would like to talk to you about the Jaeger initiative.""From what I've heard, that does not seem to be faring too well.""We've had considerable success against the Kaiju, but as you are no doubt aware, the attacks are happening with greater frequency and they have started to come through in multiples. Stark Industries has been able, with the help of various governments, to create the Jaegers we need to fight the Kaiju, but the difficulty is with the pilots.""Surely you can find enough siblings and intimately married people to pilot the Jaegers as required?""Drift compatibility is not always guaranteed, even with twins. It's not just having a simil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
love and rockets - Freeform
love and robots
Squirrels
Angst
Pacific Rim - Freeform
jaeger - Freeform
Jaegers
Kaiju
Pacific Rim AU
AU
FrostIron - Freeform
IronFrost - Freeform
Loki-centric
Loki Feels

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

