Work Text:
 
Tony was a little surprised to see Clint’s name on his phone. He had thought Clint had said he was retired so the accords were none of his business.  He didn’t know why Clint was calling him. He still sometimes thought about their last conversation.
 

“Hey man, I-I am sorry.”


 


Tony looked at Clint for a while. He had no idea why Clint was apologizing to him. Clint looked guilty. Okay….that was not an expression people usually wore around him. They always expected him to apologise and whatnot. Even when it was not his mess.


 


“Okay Hawkeye, what’s the apology for?”


 


Clint massaged his head as he answered.


 


“I I am sorry. What Thor did and what I said ….  I I ..You weren’t at fault. He cleared later it was the fucking gem and I …we all should’ve had a little trust in you and Banner. That you would never harm anyone.”


 


Tony sighed. That’s what it was about. It’s going around. Right.


 


“You don’t need to apologise, it’s not like anyone else said anything anyway.” Tony shrugged as he wiped his hands with a towel.

 

Yeah he remembers that sensation very well. How many times have people held him by the neck? Killian, Loki, Thor….


 


Tony didn’t even realise as his hand went to his neck unconsciously.


 


Clint shook his head. He missed Tony’s reaction. He was too busy looking at the floor.

 

 “No. Thor…Loki they are not humans Tony…they are gods…….they can even defeat Steve with just minimal use of their powers.” Clint ran a hand through his hair.


“Hell, Loki can even mind fuck Wanda. He just has to flick his fingers and Wanda is done for. He is a fucking God of mischief and magic. Not an experiment of Hydra. He is the real deal. What I am trying to say is that…… That was wrong of me. I I am sorry.”


 


He looked at Tony and waited for the other man’s reaction.


 


Tony smiled softly. “Thanks. You are the only one who had the decency to apologise.”


 


Clint flinched but didn’t say anything. He remembered Steve asking about the fucking legionnaire then siding with Wanda and Pietro knowing she’d fucked with everyone’s heads at the time.


 


He remembers Maria, Natasha, Helen, Steve, Sam…everyone rolling their eyes when Tony had said he’d saved the world.  Or acting as if what he was saying was gibberish.


 


None of them had even acknowledged the fact. Was that the behavior of team mates? Friends? Most of all none of them had reprimanded Thor.


 


Tony had saved the world. They are all alive because of him. Was that how they paid the man back? By insulting him and turning blind, deaf and dumb when Thor assaulted him like a barbarian. That’s how team mates are supposed to behave?


 


Clint clenched his hands. He’d never really gotten along with Thor. The man was too arrogant. Huh, maybe that’s why he and Steve were buddies. Explains why Steve didn’t give a shit when Thor held Tony up.


 


“Did you know Loki had held me by the neck when I had gone to threaten him?”


 


Clint’s eyes widened. “What the fuck?” Tony sounded amused.


 


Tony looked okay. Relaxed.


 


He couldn’t help but notice how soft Tony’s voice had been minutes before when he’d apologised. But now his eyes were shining with familiar mirth.


 


Did no one had the decency to apologise? Did Thor? Huh….maybe he and Loki were brothers after all. Arrogant. Thinking they are above humans. What the fuck was both the brother’s obsession with people’s necks?


 


Thor was angry but that doesn’t mean he can hold normal humans by the fucking neck. If he was that worried about the bloody staff he should’ve taken it with him when he took Loki back after the chitauri invasion.


 


Tony laughed good naturedly. “Yeah, that happened. I was a little scared. I’ll admit.”


 


“Little scared….Tony-” Clint was looking at Tony incredulously.


 


“I couldn’t even touch my kids or Laura for months after that nonsense Loki did. I was fucking scared of hurting them. I’d already killed so many people.” Clint looked ready to pull his hair out. That time. He avoided thinking about it. It was a nightmare.


 


Tony smiled softly at him. “Hey, you are okay now. And don’t ….just don’t talk like that. ”


 


Clint shook his head and went and hugged Tony.


 


“You are alright buddy, you are alright.”


 


He again looked at Tony and smiled sadly. “I am sorry man. I really am.”


 


Tony patted him on the back. “It’s okay. It’s …its okay.”


 


 

 
“So, Steve says you have Wanda under house arrest.”
 
Tony sighed. House arrest? There were fucking death threats against Wanda. What the fuck?
 
 “You know what happened Clint. People are out for her blood. She... she killed innocents because Steve was not doing his job. Yes, she didn’t mean to. But people died Clint. They are dead. Then he keeps on ranting that she is a kid. She is young woman, not a kid.  She is 26 year old adult woman. Not a 7 year old kid or 16 year old teenager.
 
Tony massaged his head. God, he needed coffee. Though why Wanda was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not A Fix-It
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

