Chapter 1: Fools in Love are Zeros
    




Chapter Text
Michelle is admittedly jealous of Gwen Stacy.
It’s not for the reason one might think.  Michelle isn’t threatened that Gwen is pretty and approachable.  Michelle has never found those traits to be of any value as applied to her personally but doesn’t begrudge Gwen for having them.  She doesn’t hate or even dislike Gwen; it’s just that while neither girl exerts effort to draw in Peter Parker, he falls effortlessly into Gwen’s orbit and drifts farther away from Michelle.
Just by existing, Gwen has won something Michelle can barely admit to wanting.
Peter’s resulting infatuation is like Liz all over again, except not, because Peter can actually talk to Gwen without stammering.  When he stares at her he receives adoring looks in return; Gwen picks up on his crush immediately and makes things easy for him by starting conversations and helping him study for Decathlon, even though she’s not on the team.  It’s an unselfish offer because she’s so damn nice and deserving of someone as good as Peter.  They meet in the middle of sophomore year—a mere two months after Liz leaves—and date for another four.
Peter shows up to every Decathlon practice so he can tell Gwen that their study sessions are helping.  They hold hands on the way to class and peck each other on the cheeks.  They thankfully don’t make out in the hallways but just the act of witnessing them look at each other makes her and Ned queasy, and they’re not shy about saying so.  He’s so light and easy and not secretive at all—Michelle would find him boring, except he smiles more than she can ever recall seeing and it’s actually kind of nice.
-
Gwen dies in a horrible fall that Spider-Man isn’t able to save her from, and Peter is more depressed than Michelle can ever remember—even after losing Uncle Ben.  It happens three weeks before the end of the school year and all of Midtown School of Science and Technology mourn alongside him, but Michelle, secretly compassionate creature and apparently huge masochist that she is, winds up helping him through it when no one else can manage to say or do the right thing to help.
The time Peter and Michelle spend alone together exists in a vacuum; it’s totally different than the time they spend together at school and practice where she needles and snaps.  She invites him over with no expectations of any progress and doesn’t force him to talk about his feelings.  They nap, eat comfort food, watch movies, and read books. There’s usually very little talking involved, so he doesn’t have to worry about a verbal minefield like he does with Aunt May or Ned.  It’s as relaxing as she can make it, which is pretty damned soothing considering how unobtrusive she can be what she wants.  It’s gratifying to be able to help him at all, to watch the anxiety drain out of him so that maybe he can find a few moments of peace.  What begins as a few weeks of idyll slowly sprawl into months of stolen evenings; he still spends time with May and Ned, but it’s just different with her.
During this time she confirms her suspicion that he’s Spider-Man.  There’s no grandiose discovery or explanation, it just kind of…happens when he’s a little too careless about his suit falling out of his backpack.  Peter doesn’t have the energy to be worried about her finding out and under different circumstances, Michelle might be pissed that he’s keeping such a big secret.  But he tells her everything that happens the night Gwen died.  He cries and she vaguely remembers wiping tears from his freckled cheeks and wrapping her slender arms around his trembling rib cage.  They fall asleep on her bed and to her surprise he’s still there three hours later when she wakes up, sound asleep and more relaxed than she remembers seeing.  They part without a shred of embarrassment.
Michelle thinks he’s brave for continuing the fight when he feels like a failure every time he puts on the suit, but even in his grief, he never quits.  She can tell he’s being reckless by the sheer number of cuts and bruises he comes back to her with, and after his arm is grazed by a bullet she really does lay into him about staying safe.  But she will never ask him to stop; she can tell he needs this.  And even if he takes off the mask and burns the suit, he’ll still be a superhero.
-
Once he’s somewhat back to normal, Michelle finds Peter doesn’t stop hanging out with her.  That’s weird.  Usually people use or take what they need from her and leave, which is why she’s avoided making friends for so long.  The tone has changed a little between them; without the pall of sadness and his overwhelming grief keeping their interactions strictly platonic, she’s suddenly vulnerable.  She becomes painfully aware that what could formerly pass for comfort does not quite feel so innocent anymore.  Within the safety she provided for him, Peter has morphed into a threat.  He continues on as they always have—their activities haven’t changed, but she finds hersel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Idiots in Love
Book Recommendations
Sharing Clothes
Tea Parties
Off-screen Character Death
Canon-Typical Violence
Insecurity
Feelings
Mutual Pining
Bad Communication
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Love Confessions
Sharing a Bed
Ensemble Cast
Peter Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Movie Night
Cooking
Team as Family
Star Trek References
Futurama References
Star Wars References
Pianos

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

