Chapter 1: She is Trouble
    




Chapter Text


  "I have warned you about her in the past and you have failed to take heed, that girl is trouble!" Loki heard his father, King Odin, shout at Thor.Loki smiled mockingly as he turned the corner to witness Odin only inches from Thor's face. Purity! Yes, they had to be discussing Jane's tameless fifteen year old niece. She had come to live in Asgard a few months ago after Jane's eldest sister realized she could not handle her vivacious daughter any longer. Being the good samaritan that Jane was, she sent for Purity in hopes that she could gain some control over her."What would you have me do, father? Discard my niece? Send her back to Midgard? Jane and I are not about to give up on her!"Odin shook his head, "No, I did not ask you to send her back, but I am ordering you to tame her! She is an embarrassment to the kingdom!"Loki's smile melted. Purity was spirited, but not an embarrassment. She had never actually intentionally inflicted shame upon the crown, but her Midgardian manners were crude compared to Asgard standards. "What has she done this time?" Loki interrupted."She has sneaked off with a group of raggedy teenages of the servants and spent the day wandering the lower town. Who knows what all she has done! She was discovered and now the entire kingdom is laughing at us!" Odin roared. And then to Thor, he ordered, "You will punish her this time, and I mean a severe punishment! One that will teach the rebellious imp a lesson!"At dinner, which was unusually utterly silent, Loki stole glances of Purity as she sat arms-crossed, reflecting a childish pouting face, glaring at her untouched meal of smoked turkey legs and potatoes. She was sassy, but still a pretty girl.Loki had never actually talked to the child, had never really want to, but there was something that caught his eye  ever now and then. He knew her mother had recently remarried only six months after the death of Purity's father. It was rumored that this had been the reason for Purity's sudden rebellious streak."Can I be excused?" Purity asked, her voice slightly raised."No, young lady! You will wait until your King formally brings dinner to an end, and you will mind your manners until so," Jane replied in a scolding voice. She was at her wits end with her niece's behavior. She was no longer on Earth but in a realm of gods. "Really?" defied Purity as she stood, glaring at Jane, and then she abandoned the royal family dinner without a second glance.Loki could not contain himself; he chuckled drawing everyone's attention. She was indeed defiant. In fact, she reminded him of himself. "You find her behavior amusing, Loki? Seriously?" Jane snapped, never quite forgiving Loki for his attack on New York.Folding his napkin over his finished meal, Loki replied, still smiling, "It is just rare to witness such strength and rebellion from a Midgard; they are usually quite easy to tame."Jane glared hostile at her brother-in-law, knowing that he was referring to New York. He loved to set her off. It was like a game to him. "Well, I for one do not find her defiant nature amusing. Thor, you and Jane,are going to have to break her!" Odin entered the conversation.Jane and Thor nodded in agreement. Loki caught his mother's frown, and said, "Break her? She is not a wild horse, father. She is just a spirited young girl on the brink of adulthood. Breaking such a spirit would be very tragic.""I agree. There are other ways to teach her how to behave like a proper lady without breaking her  spirit," Frigga snapped. She pitied Purity, knowing the child had been neglected by her family. Loki smiled at his mother. He knew she had grown quite fond of Purity since her arrival. She had always wanted a daughter, but had never been blessed with one.After dinner, the men withdrew to enjoy a glass of brady. Jane cut Loki off in the hall. "Why do you suddenly care so much about the welfare of my niece?"Loki smirked. Although Thor had forgiven him, Jane never would. "I don't," he replied, smiling as he shoved by her. But now, maybe it was time that he did. He constantly searched for ways to get under Jane's skin, and now, her reckless little niece offered him just that.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Shameless Smut
Underage Sex
Dubious Consent
Rough Sex
child molestation
Masturbation
Rough Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Loki Does What He Wants
Jealous Loki
Twisted
Violence
Rape Fantasy
Statutory Rape
Orgasm
Vulnerability
Porn With Plot
Dark
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Kinky
Falling In Love
Infatuation
Romance
Loki Fucks Hard
Loki Falls In Love
Loki Porn

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

