Work Text:
Phil pushes the door to his apartment closed behind him, turning the key in the lock with a definite sense of relief. It has been a long week, meeting after meeting as he and Nick hammered out the finer details on the Avengers initiative. Come to think of it, it’s been a long month -- a week spent babysitting Stark (again), another week wasted in New Mexico, then Clint had been loaned out to one of the alphabet agencies that more often than not made their lives more difficult, but whom they couldn’t refuse. Frankly, now that Phil has somehow achieved two whole days off, he does not plan to leave the apartment for anything. He only wishes he had Clint with him, but if Phil’s lucky, Clint might wrap up his assignment tomorrow and swing by. (Phil always feels lucky when Clint manages to spend time with him. It’s been a few months since the op in Ukraine and the dramatic events afterwards, and Clint still hasn’t gotten sick of him, of all the damn planning they have to do every time they go to bed. It’s enough to make Phil believe in divine assistance again.)He rests his briefcase on the bench by the door, toes off his shoes – which is the moment when he realizes that not everything is as he left it this morning; the nook next to the door to the living room now contains a pair of unlaced combat boots, scuffed and broken in and intensely familiar. Phil starts to smile.The bow case on the living room table, considerably better cared for than the boots, only makes his smile widen. He leaves his briefcase next to it, taking a second to admire the tableau before his attention is snagged by a pair of black tac suit pants lying in a puddle on the floor, followed by a wrinkled t-shirt two feet farther away. They dot the path to the bedroom like breadcrumbs that Phil is helpless to resist, even less when his ears catch a stifled whimper coming from behind the half-closed door. He steps over two little cotton balls of black socks, pushes the door open with a finger to find what he expects, a pair of boxer-briefs pointing like an arrow to the bed, where—Oh. That Phil did not expect at all.Unsurprising, since he doesn’t think he could ever expect this. Just like he never expected Clint, never thought someone he had known for years could surprise him like that out of the blue, never thought he would ever have what he has now, the instant connection gone deeper, until he doesn’t know where he ends and Clint begins anymore.He never expected, never dared to hope that someone could accept him as he is, everything he is, and want all of him. Never imagined that after so many years of being looked at like a freak, like he was not worth the effort, there could be this one person to waltz into his life and not just take him, but actively demand Phil gives him everything he has. He never thought that instead of being looked at with caution, with apprehension, he could be looked at with naked lust in a man’s eyes. (If you get told over and over again that you are unnatural, that you could never fit, that you couldn’t keep someone safe; if for years you have people balking at seeing you, that thing between your legs, and backpedal as fast as their feet would carry them, eventually you begin to believe that you are unnatural. That no one could want you enough to put in the effort to work around it – or with it.Clinton Francis Barton is a revelation in every way, and Phil knows that, all too well.)Still, Phil did not ever expect to come home and find Clint in his bed, naked as the day he was born, spread out on his sheets with his knees drawn to his chest, the most enormous purple dildo that Phil has ever seen buried halfway inside his ass.Phil realizes his mouth has gone entirely dry when he tries to speak and only manages a hoarse croak. Clint’s eyes flutter open, fixing him with a hazy look, pupils blown, lips shining and wet.“Hey, you’re home,” Clint says, slow and drugged, voice sex-drenched like Phil will never, ever get tired of hearing it. “Hope you don’t mind that I got started. It’s been so long, and honestly, I’ve been dreaming about this and winding myself up for days. I want you now, right now, Phil; just drop trou and get inside me. Think you can do that?”Phil cannot answer. Not because he doesn’t know what to say (there is only one answer he can give, only one answer there is to a question like that), but because he can’t speak for the lump in his throat, the desire suddenly scalding through his veins. How did Clint know? How could he have guessed that this is Phil’s deepest, most obsessive fantasy, to be able to just go for it, crawl over Clint, hold his legs up and apart until he’s wide open, and push right inside him with nothing more than a layer of lube over his cock? Clint groans, deep and intense, the muscles of his arm working as he pushes the dildo deeper. It’s thick, so thick that watching it slide into Clint’s ass makes sweat break out all over Phil’s skin, until it feels like the temperature in the r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Sequel
Phil Coulson's giant cock
Dildos
Lots of Sex
Established Relationship
Barebacking
Pheeeeels
Clint Barton is a great boyfriend
past rejection
Fantasy Fulfilment
Snuggling
post-coital Clint is the best

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

