Work Text:
They all knew how Tony felt about the machines in his Tower.  It wasn’t just JARVIS and the workshop bots, which Steve could sort of understand—they had personality.  But if something went even the slightest bit wrong with one of the kitchen appliances—like the time Thor put a bagel in the toaster with cream cheese on it, or when Clint used the coffee pot to make ramen noodles—Tony fussed over the offended party like a hen with one chick until he had made it good as new.  
Steve would have put it down to a preference for cleanliness, except that he’d seen how Tony took care of—or rather, didn’t take care of—any of his possessions that didn’t happen to run on electricity.  And the entire time Tony had been cleaning up the coffee maker, he’d talked to it, saying things like, “It’s all right, buddy, we can fix this,” and “I know it tastes nasty, but this will make you feel better,” glaring at Clint like he’d kicked Tony’s dog.  
But he’d figured that was just part of Tony’s weirdness.  Then one day he was in the break room at SHIELD headquarters, drinking coffee and trying to read the newspaper while he waited for Tony to finish his meeting and give him a lift back to the tower.   It was difficult to concentrate on the paper because a group of junior agents were putting a series of increasingly bizarre things in the microwave: eggs, grapes, those pastel-colored marshmallow chicks.
The last made Steve react.  “You’re never going to get that cleaned out,” he pointed out.  “The whole place will stink like burning sugar every time someone uses it.”
“It’s OK,” said one of the agents.  “We’re getting a new one—this one has a dead spot from Bill putting a fork in there.”
“So we might as well trash this one before we throw it out,” another one added.
Steve supposed that was all right, then.  He wasn’t entirely comfortable with the way 21st-century people threw things away and bought new at the first sign of trouble—he’d been raised on “wear it out, fix it up, make it do, or do without”—but it was one of those arguments he knew he’d lose.   When they’d put a battery in there, it immediately began to glow and smoke, and Steve wondered if the situation was becoming unsafe, but the agents were laughing and cheering.  
Then—as the plastic interior of the microwave began to melt and drip down, flaming—the break room door slammed open and the small space was suddenly full of Tony, screaming, “What the fuck?  You don’t—seriously, what the fuck?” 
Tony lunged for the electrical cord, pulling it out of the socket.  Steve, deciding that Tony probably had a better sense of the dangers of the situation than the agents did, fetched the small fire extinguisher that was located near the fridge.  When he got near enough to Tony to hand it to him, he could hear him murmuring, “It’s okay.  Okay.  You’re going to be all right.”
Steve thought that Tony was talking to himself—he knew Tony had some combat stress problems, from Afghanistan and the fight against the Chitauri.  Maybe a fear of fire was part of it.  Or radiation.   Quickly scanning the instructions printed on the side of the extinguisher, he activated it and sprayed down the microwave.  
As soon as the fire was out, Tony was on top of the microwave, stroking its casing and muttering some more about circuits and magnetrons.  “Okay, baby, we can fix this.”  He reached inside, where the glass plate of the microwave was pitted and cracked.  “I know, it hurts….”
Batteries had acid in them, didn’t they?  And that plate had to be hot.  “Tony,” he said, repeating, “TONY!” when he got no response.
Tony turned to look at him, apparently noticing for the first time that Steve was in the room.  “Steve, what the fuck?  You—”
“Should you really be sticking your hands in there?”
Tony blinked at him for a second, then said, “Right.  Healing factor.  You do it.”  He pushed himself off the counter and ricocheted over to the fridge, where he began rummaging around.  
Steve, having no idea what Tony wanted him to do, turned his attention to the agents.  “Okay, playtime’s over.  Don’t you guys have work to do?  Clear out.”
Tony turned away from the refrigerator, clutching a box of baking soda.  “Steve, what are you—arghh!”  He ran back over to the microwave, alternating reassurances and obscenities, as the agents scattered.  
Tugging his sleeves down over his hands, Tony took out the plate and transferred it to the sink, then began shaking baking soda over the interior of the microwave.  “Okay.  Okay, that’s better, yeah?  Yeah.  Base neutralizes acid; basic chemistry.  Okay.  Um.  We’re just gonna let that sit for a few minutes.  I’ll have to get you into the workshop before I can do anything else….”  He rounded on Steve.  “Were you here the whole time?  You just let them do this?  They could have killed him!”
Even at that point, Steve didn’t get it.  “Who?”
“Him,” Tony said, pointing at the microwave.
#
Tony only realized his mistake when Steve said, “Tony.  It’s a microwave.”  He took 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Technopathy
Household appliances
Misunderstandings

fandom: 
None
