Chapter 1: Changing the Status Quo
    




Chapter Text

It had taken Peter four hours to get May to calm down enough to let him explain the situation. When she had finally let him talk, he had told her everything, from the spiderbite, to Tony offering a place with the avengers. She had been ready to tear Tony a new one the minute his name had come up, but Peter, being Peter, had defended the man tooth and nail and May had begrudgingly relented. 

She’d have to sort out her problems with Stark with the man himself. It wasn’t fair to Peter to badmouth the man who clearly was more than just a rolemodel for Peter. This was the first time since Peter’s parents had died that a man had come into his life to fill that role of mentor, of pseudo protector, and as much as May wanted to scream at everyone right now, she wouldn’t talk badly about Tony Stark if it upset Peter. 

Of course that hadn’t prevented May from grounding Peter for the rest of high school, basically. Surprisingly, Peter hadn’t really fought her on it. He had looked more relieved than anything. Of what May had gathered from his rambles, he had half been expecting May to never want to talk to him again, but she had quickly dissuade him of such silly notions. She adored her nephew, and wanted him safe, which was exactly why she had told him no more of that spiderman business, and it was also why she had grabbed the little card Tony Stark had given her months ago with his number. 


You and I need to have a few words. In person. - May 



May? What happened? Is Peter okay?- TS



Spiderman happened. - May 



Right. I’ll be there in twenty. - TS



----------------------


“Before you start screaming at me-” Tony started, a finger raised near his head, his eyes looking pleading. 

“He’s a fucking child, Mr. Stark!” She barked out, looking ready to slap him. “You’re enabling a child! A kid shouldn’t run around pretending to be a superhero-”

“He was Spiderman long before I came into the picture,” Tony said immediately, half in his defense, half in Peter’s. “And he’s not pretending to be anything, May. He… he's a good kid. He has a good heart, and all he wants is to help keep people safe.” 

“And what about 

his

 safety, huh? Who's gonna keep my Peter safe?” She seethed, her eyes welling with tears.

“

Me

,” Tony said, his tone earnest. He sighed, the worry in his eyes matching the one found in May’s own eyes. “You know, I actually did try stopping him. I took away the suit I made him, thinking maybe that really was safer.” Tony rubbed his face. “He didn't stop, of course. That's what I mean May, he isn't pretending to be anything because he 

is 

Spiderman. I know you want to kill me right now, but I 

am 

trying to keep him safe. The suit I made him has everything he might need. It lowers the chances of him getting hurt. It has a tracker and a heart monitor and a ton of different protocols meant to keep me in the loop and him out of trouble.” 

“You took him to Germany. A 15 year old, to fucking 

Germany,

” she said as she stepped forward, her eyes unforgiving. “How is that trying to keep him safe? They were throwing explosive tanks in the air! That witch was there, the one that killed people! How is that keeping him safe?” 

Tony grimaced, looking properly chastised. “Believe me, I will regret that for the rest of my life. I was… desperate, and, honestly, I never thought we’d be fighting them. Our goal was to bring them in before the german government could hunt Rogers and his team down. I… misjudged how little importance Rogers would give his former team.” 


How little importance he would give me.


“I pulled him aside as soon as I realized things were spiraling out of control-”

“You tried to recruit him for the Avengers!” She yelled.

“Because that's what he had been hounding me about for months! I figured if I gave him what he wanted, I could keep a closer eye on him. I’m the leader of what’s left of the Avengers. I have the power to bench him every time I think a mission is too risky. It also gives me the chance to 

train

 him.” Tony stepped forward and grabbed her hands. He took off his sunglasses, his eyes showing a vulnerability May had never expected to see there. “You’re right, I should have never brought him to Germany, but I did. And now his safety is 

my

 responsibility too and I can't promise you that he'll always make it back without a scratch but I swear to you I will 

always

 do 

everything 

in my power to bring him back safe and sound every time.” 
“I don't want him to be spiderman,” she admitted in a whisper. “I don't want to lose him too.”
Tony sighed again. “We can't stop him May, all we can do is… protect him when he's out there. Compromise where we can, keep him near the ground.” 

May let out a sob and averted her gaze. She gripped Tony a little harder before bringing him in for a hug, more than to comfort him, to comfort herself. “I want to hate you,” she admitted “but-” 

“You wouldn't be the first,” Tony s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Family Fluff
Family Feels
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony Stark
breaking the cycle of shame
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
developing father son relationship
May parker is the greatest
platonic co-parenting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker

