Chapter 1: Peter Needs a New Suit
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Chapter One: Peter Needs a New SuitPeter Parker is having a long day.  Scratch that.  Peter Parker is having a long  month. His muscles are still reeling from the fight he got into with a guy trying to jack a few houses on the upper east side of Manhattan and what he needs right now is a long, uninterrupted nap.  “Peter, are you feeling alright?” says the familiar voice in Peter’s head.  Karen, his AI.  She’s technically not a real person, but she’s a friend and Peter likes her company when he’s flying around as Spider-Man.  He sometimes gets lonely.“Yeah, yeah, I’m fine Karen,” Peter replies, breathless.He lands swiftly on top of the edge of a rooftop of a high-standing apartment building.  The next building is of the same height and it’s as equally deserted as the one Peter is standing on now.  He flings webs back and forth along the walls of the two buildings.  He’s done this plenty of times, so it doesn’t take Peter a long time to finish.  Swaying gently in the wind is now a perfectly crafted hammock that curves slightly at the edges.  He makes a pretty thick ball of webbing and then throws it onto the hammock.  Carefully, Peter collapses onto the soft hammock.  He lies on his back, leaning his head against the pillow-ball he just made.  He looks up at the sun.  “Activate nap-mode,” Peter commands.  Karen does and the slots over his eyes suddenly darken, blocking the light from reaching his eyes.  He’s at complete bliss, and he’s ready to sleep for a few hours.“What time would you like for me to wake you up?” Karen asks.Peter yawns.  “Maybe in a couple of hours.”“Sounds good, Peter,” Karen says.School is weighing him down more than Peter expects.  He’s trying to balance calculus, on top of chemistry, on top of the Academic Decathlon.  He wants to quit the Decathlon, but he won’t.  He likes the Decathlon team, and he knows that Michelle Jones, the new captain now that Liz lives in Oregon (that’s a different story, and Peter feels so guilty about that he tries hard not to think about it), relies on Peter to win. But school isn’t the half of it.  Ned is always finding new ways to build a bigger and better Death Star.  Michelle is always around whenever Peter is trying to sneak off so he has to go through extra precautions to keep Michelle from seeing anything he doesn’t want her to see.  And Aunt May.  Now that’s a mess.  She’s always calling him.  She’s always checking up on him or tracking his cell phone.  She’s normally pretty protective of Peter.  Her worrying about Peter’s well being, especially since he still acts like a dumb teenager, isn’t new to him, but she’s been checking up on Peter a lot more.That’s his fault, and he knows it.  He still kicks himself for not closing the door when he was trying on his suit.  It isn’t his fault — at least that’s what Peter keeps telling himself.  Tony Stark sent Peter his suit back.  He called May’s name a few times and she didn’t answer.  Peter didn’t expect May to walk inside and see him in the Spider-Man suit.  “It’s — it’s just a costume.  I’m a fan.  Big fan actually.  Borderline stalker.  I swear,” Peter stammers when he hears May behind him.  His face is flushing red.May doesn’t believe him.  She always knows when Peter is lying.  It takes Peter a very long time to explain to May how he got bit by a spider on a field trip, his new unbelievable powers, how the Stark Internship is a cover for being the friendly neighborhood Spider-Man that Queens grew to love and how Peter is now the newest Avenger.  That one really scares Aunt May because she knows what the Avengers fight and she’s seen the damage in New York first hand.  Loki, the one dude with the horns and the glowing stick, did a real number on Manhattan a few years back.  And May still thinks about how Ultron could have wiped out most, if not all, of earth’s population after he turned Sokovia into his personal meteor.Pretty scary stuff, but Peter’s excited.  He dreams of being an Avenger almost every night.  After what happens in Germany, it doesn’t look like there’s a good chance Captain America and Mr. Stark would reconcile.  But come on.  It’s the Avengers. They always stay together in the end.  The meeting between Captain America and Mr. Stark that happens a year after what the media dubs as the latest civil war is highly publicized.  In walks Mr. Stark wearing this super cool white tux and behind him, Colonel Rhodes.  He kind of intimidates Peter because he’s so serious and doesn’t seem that interested in coming up with a peace agreement.  He has crutches now, but it’s amazing that he can walk.  Vision also accompanies Mr. Stark and Rhodes. Vision is  weird.  But that gem in his head is mighty powerful.  All the lasers and being able to change mass is  awesome.  He’s a pretty quiet guy, more into observing than speaking, but Peter thinks Vision is just shy. He’s diplomati
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Aunt May
Peter Parker & Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Family
Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Peter Parker is an Avenger
Team as Family
BAMF Peter Parker
mostly canon
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Protective Avengers
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Wanda Maximoff
BAMF Wanda Maximoff
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Avengers
Pre-Infinity War
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Aunt May
Peter Parker & Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds

