Chapter 1: Bad Influence (Pink)
    




Chapter Text

Tony, at the age of four, knew the perfect times to sneak into his father’s workshop. Howard was gone to Stark Industries from ten to four, came home for dinner and tinkered in his workshop until nine, then went to his office to get drunk until he passed out a couple hours later.
 
One would think that as long as Howard was there, he could go in and watch him work or tinker on things for himself.
 
No. 
 
Others might think that maybe if Howard 

wasn’t 

home he could go in the workshop.
 

Definitely no.

 
Tony had to wait until everyone else was asleep, way after his seven o’clock bedtime, and sneak in then. He could stay in the workshop until seven, a full six hours of learning. He had to wait until Howard wouldn’t be coming in for a while, because he would kick him out just on the basis of not wanting to see his son. And their butler, Jarvis, would never let him go in there, deeming it too dangerous for a four year old.
 
So he set his alarm clock to wake him up at one in the morning, then he would venture down, so long as nobody else was awake.
 
Granted, with the limited motor skills he had at that age, all he could do was get some of the smaller books he could reach and read up on whatever he could, eidetic memory cataloging everything for the next couple hours when he would try to replicate what he read.
 
It was during one of these adventures that he first met Loki. 
 
Still four years old, though his birthday was drawing near, Tony woke up in the small hours of the morning, and he was fairly confident in his skills that he would be able finally be able to finish the circuit board he’d been working on. 
 
What he didn’t expect, was to find someone else in the workshop when he got there. He hid behind the door, thinking it was Howard, but another glance revealed a completely different body type, Tony’s dad was shorter and bulkier. This man was tall and thin, more of a runner's body.
 
Cautiously, Tony stepped forward. “You’re not supposed to be here.” He told the mystery man. As soon as he spoke, he knew it was a mistake. Huge, bellowing footsteps came stomping towards him. 
 
Even though it was a stranger, and a grown man, Tony knew how impatient Howard could get with his own son, and he wouldn’t wish that upon a stranger, so he quickly whispered ‘hide’ to the man and turned around as his father rounded the corner. 
 
“What do you think you’re doing in here?”
 
As much as he didn’t want to answer, the four year old knew he’d get yelled at more if he didn’t. “I was-”
 
“I don’t want to hear it! All you’re going to do in here is mess up my work, you no good piece of shit.”
 
Tony only gasped as he felt a bottle being broken on his head. He had been patching himself up for a while, not wanting to bother Jarvis because of Howard. He already had to deal with so much while he was awake, why make him deal with a drunken Howard too?
 
“Get your ass in bed while you still have one!”
 
“But I-”
 
“Good God! You don’t listen to anything do you!?” With that, his father started pulling him by the ear towards his bedroom. He pushed Tony in there and locked the door from the outside. 
 
The four-year-old sighed. He wouldn’t be able to leave until Jarvis woke up in a few hours, and he wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep tonight. Tony made his way to the bathroom attached to his room, climbing on the stool and taking out the gloves he had taken from the doctor’s office so he didn’t cut his fingers taking out the glass. 
 
Tony flinched as he heard his bedroom door open again, sneaking a peak to see if he would have to hide or not. He didn’t, it was just the mystery man from the workshop.
 
“What are you doing here? You gotta go before mom and Jarvis wake up!”
 
“I have questions.”
 
“Dad says not all questions need answers, especially mine.”
 
“How do you learn if you don’t ask questions?”
 
“You keep your mouth shut and find out later.”



“Do you believe that?”
 
“Well, that’s what dad says, but Jarvis always answers my questions. He says that as long as I want to learn, there will always be new information and new teachers ready for me.”
 
“Yes, I believe I like this Jarvis better than your father.”
 
“Me too…..so what questions do you have?” Tony asked, looking back to the mirror to get the glass out of his hair.
 
“First, what’s your name?”
 
“I’m Anthony Stark, but people usually just call me Tony.”
 
“Well, Anthony, my name is Loki. Say…..do you need help?”
 
“I’ve done this before, I get out all the big pieces before washing out the little ones. I usually get all of them that way, but sometimes Jarvis finds more in the morning.”
 
“Sit on the counter, let me help.”
 
“Why? I don’t know you.”
 
“Because you told me to hide when your father came, you helped me out, and now I’m going to help you. Because this was a product of me being there in the first place.”
 
“Fine.” Tony said as he hopped on the counter. “So, why are you here?”
 
“I got lost. I didn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
More tags to be added
Childhood Friends
Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
tiny tony
Kid Tony
Protective Loki
Parental Anna and Edwin Jarvis
Angst
Slow Burn
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Bullies
Suicidal Thoughts- MENTIONED~kinda
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Obie is kinda a dick
Inaccurate Mental Diagnosis
Because I am not a psychologist either JARVIS
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Loki hates himself
Self-Hatred
Loki doesn't know what to do
Mind Control
Fix-It

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

