Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“I just want you to be careful. Ever since your parents passed, it’s been my job, you know? I’m the adult,” Aunt May said exasperatedly, arms outstretched in frustration at seeing her nephew, Peter Parker, dressed in the Spider-Man suit. 
“Okay, Aunt May, I know, and I respect that,”
“Do you? Is that why you have sneaked around behind my back because you respect me?!” her voice hit a shrill volume that made Peter wince. 
“No, I did it to protect you!” He exclaimed. “If one of my enemies,”
“Enemies!? You have enemies now? Jesus, Peter, boys your age have bullies, but they don’t have enemies!”
Peter put a finger to his lips. “Please Aunt May you have to be quiet,” he said in a low voice, hoping she may lower hers as well. “Look if anyone found out about me, they may use you to get to me, and I can’t let that happen.” 
Aunt May ran a hand through her dark auburn hair. “Peter, do you hear yourself? How can this be a good thing if you are worried about me, about your friends, getting hurt? What is so great about this?” 
“I fought with the Avengers,” he said, “Well I actually fought with half of the Avengers against the other half, but I mean,” 
“Peter!” Aunt May exclaimed. “I don’t care if you fought next to Tony Stark himself…. Wait a minute,” she narrowed her eyes. “The Stark internship, that’s not what you’ve been doing has it? Did Tony Stark get you involved in this? Did he turn you into this Spider-Man?”
Peter’s eyes widened. “No! He found out, I mean he’s really good at his detective work, but no, this happened to me a year ago; see a spider bit me,” 
“A spider!?”
“Yeah, but see, it was genetically enhanced, and its venom gave me these abilities,” he tried to explain as vaguely as possible.
Aunt May’s eyes widened. “So that webbing that you spew is coming out of your body?”
“No, no, I created that, pretty cool huh?” Peter gave her a weary smile.
“No, Peter it’s not cool, it’s scary, and weird, and I don’t even begin to know how to describe it.”
“Well, you’re doing a pretty good job now,” he muttered, rubbing his crumpled-up mask in his hands. He hadn’t felt this awful since Tony had taken away his suit. He could feel tears burning in his eyes. “I’m sorry May, I should have told you sooner.” He lowered his head so she wouldn’t see him cry. 
Then, he felt her arms circling around his shoulders. “Peter, just because something like this has happened to you, doesn’t mean you have to become some sort of superhero,” she said softly. 
Peter pulled away. “No, you don’t understand, I can’t have these powers and sit back and pretend that I’m just me. May I can climb walls, stop moving buses! I have stopped criminals, I mean I stopped a whole criminal enterprise from selling weapons made with alien technology! I can’t just sit back and let that stuff happen here in our city when I know I can stop it.” 
“You’re 15 years old Peter…”
“So? Weren’t kids younger than me fighting in wars way back when? How is this any different?”
“They didn’t have a choice!” Aunt May knocked her fist against Peter’s desk, quieting him instantly. He had never seen her so upset before and it was starting to freak him out. He watched as she took a few deep breaths. She seemed to be deciding in her head, the way her eyes darted back and forth along the floor, her lips mouthing words as if she were arguing with herself. “That’s it, I’m calling Tony.” She turned on her heel and stormed out of his room.
Peter’s eyes widened, “Wait, what?!”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Cindy Moon/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Harry Osborn
Peter Parker & Harry Osborn
Michelle Jones & Harry Osborn

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Romance
Action/Adventure
Peter-centric
Rating: PG13
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Betty Brant/Ned Leeds
Cindy Moon/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Harry Osborn
Peter Parker & Harry Osborn
Michelle Jones & Harry Osborn

