Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
So I started writing Open Book, and then marvel movies happened, and I couldn't really continue it without giving up entirely on canon. Then I started rewriting it here, and I'm probably going to just completely ignore canon again, but this time it will be voluntary.If you've already read Open Book, LOADS of things are going to be changed, so don't worry about spoilers.Thank you SO MUCH to silentwalrus for betaing this chapter so quickly and so well. You have them to thank for several beautifully crafted similes that were horrible and perfect and everything I want in my stucky.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Bucky woke up with a headache, a mouth that tasted like something had died in it, and hands-down, swear-to-god, the most beautiful man he had ever seen asleep in his lap.Bucky was also, he realized after a moment, strapped down to a hospital bed with about six different monitors making unsynced, yet equally piercing, beeps. Beyond that he couldn’t quite see—there was a hideous floral curtain pulled around the bed, and while he could just make out figures moving in the room beyond it, the pattern made his head pound even worse the longer he looked at it. So. That was concerning. On the other hand: really just stunning man in his lap. Christ, he was gorgeous. Bucky felt better already. When he woke up, this guy was getting Bucky’s best charm offensive straight to the kisser.After a moment Bucky shifted a little. His nose really itched. Maybe he could…? Bucky twisted and contorted his face, then the rest of him—no dice. He managed to wiggle his toes a little, but they were not getting anywhere near his nose unless someone came along with a set of bolt cutters. Maybe Adonis had some? Adonis sure looked like the kind of guy who could answer Bucky’s most fervent prayers and fantasies, so maybe he would let him scratch his nose, too.The Living Work of Art and Beauty made a soft, drowsy sound, and fluttered his holy shit gorgeous blue eyes open. He lifted his head, blinked sleepily, and—“Shit!” Adonis blurted, then snapped bolt upright in his chair and directly into the overhanging lamp with a clang. He jerked right back down again, clutching his head and cursing, pained. “Ow! Shit!”Hopefully Adonis could say more than “ow,” and “shit,” but Bucky supposed with a face like that, you didn’t really need to. If it turned out all his positive points had been poured into looks, Bucky would still happily take care of him for the rest of his life anyway. He watched, bemused, and the man of his dreams gave him a small, sheepish smile, which obviously went straight to Bucky’s dick.Not literally, of course. God, that would have been fantastic. But no.“Hey,” Sexy Eyes managed, rubbing the back of his head and leaning in close, and Bucky knew that look, oh god yes. Yes. Sexy Eyes was totally into him, it was obvious and glorious and Bucky couldn’t believe his good luck, which seemed to be getting better by the minute despite the fact that he was trussed up like a Christmas turkey on a medical gurney.Bucky, in the interest of helping his luck along, tried to smile without opening his mouth-- that lingering dead taste on his tongue would doubtless translate into really rancid, awful breath. Bucky was grabbing on to this with both damn hands. He was not going to miss out on Mr. Sexy Eyes McDreamboat because he smiled too hard.“Hey,” Bucky said, and the sexy eyes crinkled up, so Bucky’s breath was either okay or Perfect Face was into him enough not to care. “What say you unstrap me here,” Bucky suggested, lowering his voice so his living fantasy had to lean in closer, “and you can tie me up again somewhere else?”Perfect Face blushed all over his, well, perfect face. Bucky was smitten. And having a difficult time not thinking about everything else he wanted to do all over that perfect face, too.“I can’t,” Adonis managed, clearly struck by the thought, and Bucky smirked. “You’re right, you don’t need to,” Bucky murmured, twisting suggestively. He tilted his head back and looked him over through his lashes; Adonis’ eyes flicked to his mouth and his breath caught. “Look at you. You can hold me down and make me beg for it instead, easy. I’d be up for that too.”“Um. I’ll just. Uh, yeah. Just—“ The guy stood and turned, and wow, after the eyes and mouth, that was definitely Bucky’s favorite part of him. Chiseled Ass of Beauty poked his head out of the curtain, then ducked back in give him a reassuring smile. “I’m so sorry, Buck, it’s just until everyone is certain you’re not going to, uh.” He looked uncomfortable. “You know. Do something you didn’t mean to.”Bucky twisted his head and gave him a concerned look. “Babe, I’m pretty sure the only thing I want to do right now is get my circulation back so I can hit on you properly.”Glorious Buttcheeks gave him a sweet, anxious smile, his dimples making a hesitant show, and Bucky felt a little pang in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Amnesia
How many times can Bucky get amnesia
At least one more
This fic is not compliant with anything
Tony Stark has a lot of feelings
Supersoldier sex can break things
A lot of things
Arguing
This was supposed to be stupid Stucky fluff
How did it become a Bucky&Tony comedy hour brofic
what the hell happened
Upside still a lot of Stucky fluff
So I guess it accomplishes both things

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

