Chapter 1





Chapter Text
What the hell happened? Every inch of Spencer ached and he felt like he’d been tossed into a dryer and set on spin. He groaned lowly as he slowly blinked his eyes open, groaning again when the light blinded him. He threw his arm up, despite the way it throbbed to do it, and used it to block out the light until he could blink his eyes enough to clear it.The last thing Spencer remembered he’d been in the basement of their latest Unsub’s house. There’d been a lot of strange symbols in the house, random things that had made the locals call in the BAU. When they’d arrived, Emily and Dave had headed to the local station while Spencer, JJ, Luke, and Tara had gone to the house to check out the home of their suspect. The locals were pretty sure the man that had lived there was the one that was killing teenage boys in town, but he had vanished, and his home had left behind some rather interesting clues.The symbols that had been found on the bodies of his victims, plus the things drawn around them at the crime scenes, all suggested someone that was into the occult. The team discussed it on the flight over. What they’d found in the house had only backed that belief.Spencer had been down in the basement by himself, checking over the books and other such things, when he’d found a hidden room behind a wall panel. Inside had been what was obviously the place the man chose to work his ‘magic’. There’d been a scrying bowl, random ingredients, spell books, and other such items.Despite the aching in his head, Spencer pushed through the memories. He’d been looking at the writing on the wall, done in what looked to be blood, and he’d reached out to just touch the edge of it. Just take a look. Only, he’d missed the small blade lodged in the wall – likely put there for the man to easily cut a finger and write. It’d sliced over Spencer’s finger and blood had instantly welled up. Then… then Spencer had jerked his hand back, only he’d lost his balance and his hand had shot forward again, slapping on the wall right over those strange symbols, and…Nothing.He couldn’t remember what happened next. Darkness and then, this. The aching in his body and the bright, blinding light, plus a headache that was coming close to his old migraines in intensity.That migraine-like pain wasn’t helped when he heard a few car horns blare loudly. Groaning, the young genius rolled his body, hands immediately coming up to cradle his head. Doing so brought into focus the fact that he wasn’t lying on the hard floor of the basement, or the grass of the front yard, or even the kind of surface that would mean he was on a stretcher – and wasn’t it just a bit pathetic that he could recognize the feel of a stretcher while barely conscious? That said something about him that he wasn’t willing to address at the moment.No, the ground he was lying on was none of those things. It was… cold…and, wet? Damp, at least. And, as he drew in a ragged breath and almost instantly started to gag, he realized that it smelled, too. Those things triggered older memories, ones that he hadn’t had to use in a while, that told him clearly where he was. A place he’d ended up often enough as a kid running through the streets of Vegas while being chased by bullies.An alley. He was lying in an alley. But how the hell had he gotten here?Slowly, achingly, Spencer finally opened his eyes once more, careful to make sure that he wasn’t going to be blinded again before he opened them the rest of the way. What he found was enough to have him going completely still.He was right – he was in an alley. There was dumpster not far away, a bunch of trash bags, and two large buildings on either side of him, as well as a nearby street with plenty of people and traffic going past. Spencer stared at it all, stunned, as he slowly started to push himself up from where he was lying on the – oh God disgusting – ground. What was going on here? What happened? How had he gone from the Unsub’s basement to… here? Wherever here was, that is.The first logical thing that came to mind was that he’d been drugged somehow. But that didn’t explain how the Unsub could’ve gotten him out of the house and past his entire team to bring him here. Besides, why would he simply dump Spencer in an alley? Maybe – maybe one of the things Spencer had touched had had something on it, maybe he had been drugged without realizing it, and he’d brought himself here? Though how he would’ve gotten past his team was still a good question. They would’ve noticed if there was something off about him.The questions were all spinning around in Spencer’s head and they made the pounding worse. Whatever the hell was going on here, he needed to call his team. They’d be able to come help him take care of it.Only, when he managed to stay sitting up and balanced on one hand long enough to drop his other towards his pocket, he got yet another surprise.There was no phone in his pocket… no gun at his hip… and were those, jeans? Spencer lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Park & Spencer Reid
Tony Stark & Spencer Reid

freeform: 
Magic
Dimension Travel
hand wavy magic explanations
Young Spencer Reid
deaged Spencer
Superpowers
dorky Peter Parker
Protective Spencer
Protective Peter
Peter has no self preservation
Spencer worries for him
First time writing Peter
I'm sorry!
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Trigger Warnings
Attempted Sexual Assault
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Other Triggers
of a sexual or physical nature
PTSD
Trauma
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Mental Health Issues
these characters are messed up
but they're human
and they try to get better
Not A Fix-It
Authors aren't a fan of Civil War
or how it went down
Team Tony Stark
Mutants

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Park & Spencer Reid
Tony Stark & Spencer Reid

