Work Text:
Peter rolls over on the rooftop, cradling his head in his hands as paranoia sweeps his body in short bursts. He hadn’t expected the thief to have friends but, by the time he realized, Peter’s head was aching mildly. The tingles of his Spidey-sense, however, lingered until he reached his current position, huddled on a rooftop in the Devil’s own Hell’s Kitchen. Surely, Matt can sense him within his territory? He shuffles along, growing more anxious with each tremor that courses through his head and spikes to each extremity.Peter wants to go home, really, but he’s off his game.So he goes to the second best place.
Peter Parker might be a teenager but Daredevil respects him more than most superheroes, evident from their frequent team-ups. Which is why Matt recognizes Spider-Man’s heartbeat as it crawls across the skyline.The man in question leaves the roof access door to his apartment wide open, an invitation for Peter. Matt waits almost half an hour but the spider eventually scuttles into his home, kicking the door closed as he traverses the ceiling.Peter’s breathing is labored, he can detect instantly.Matt uses his cane to poke in just the right spot. A squeal and a thud later, Spider-Man is lying on his couch.“Hey, Red.” Spider-Man wriggles, turning over so he’s sitting up on the couch.Matt’s lips quirk up. “Webhead.”There’s a silence in which Matt scans Peter for injuries, looking him over intently before determining that the boy hasn’t broken anything and isn’t bleeding all over his furniture, thankfully.“Social call?” Matt questions. Their identities are shared with each other, so Matt has no qualms about Peter seeing him without his suit on. His eyes, however, are a different issue.Peter doesn’t ask questions as Matt goes for his red glasses.“Sure?” The boy responds uneasily.Matt feels something shift and tilts his head, searching for movement. He writes it off as a shrug until it happens again. A shake. A tremor.“Black eye.” Peter says, drawing his attention away from the trembles. “I can’t go home just yet and I was in the neighborhood. Your neighborhood.”“Were you?” Matt hums, partially ignoring Peter. “What is that?”The man gestures to his friend as a whole. Peter twitches again, a slight shift in the air. It feels like a shrug but Matt’s starting to think Peter’s afraid of him.He’s not even in the suit.“Peter, are you scared?” Matt asks, softening his voice as he crouches in front of the boy, trying not be be hurt. They're friends, right? He feels to his left for the unit beside his couch. Inside, he finds his overstocked first aid kit (courtesy of his favourite nurse), just in case.“My,” Peter shakes as Daredevil unsheathes the kit, “Spidey-sense. I hit my head. I-I can’t stop it.”Matt winces at that, feeling his senses reach out in a moment of empathy.

The towering architecture of the apartment building trembles in the sea of interlocking waves, an aerial appendage with a single sensory receiver hunched upon a vibrating floor.

The Devil of Hell’s Kitchen tilts his head to the rhythmic thum of street lights burning across the city, hidden within the mesh walls. Footsteps smash violently into humming puddles outside, shaking each surface of the Kitchen with thousands of rhyming heartbeats. The pulsating energy provides Matt with the background noise he needs to scan his city.

They're the sounds that illuminate the skyscrapers and the slums, filling Hell’s Kitchen with dark lights.

“There’s no danger, Peter.” Matt assures the boy. In the still moment, the thrumming of Peter’s heart reminds him of just how young Spider-Man is.The lack of reply betrays Peter’s unease before his heart can.“My name is Matthew Michael Murdock and your name is Peter Benjamin Parker. You’re in my apartment, sitting on my very comfortable couch, most likely trying to ignore the giant, purple sign outside of my window.” Matt tells the boy as he moves onto the couch beside him, trying to assure the younger hero.“Actually, it’s blue now.” Peter says, trying to ignore another tremble as he aims for light-hearted.Matt’s lips quirk up but Peter’s breathing hitches at the same time.“It’s part of t-the package. I can sense danger.” Peter admits, his voice altered by a sudden tightness in his throat. He’s not a kid, he should be able to handle a tingle. Just a tingle. Just a tingle. “It tells me when something bad is about to happen.”To his surprise, Matt’s arm moves to Peter’s shoulders. Peter blushes, remembering his little incident with Mr Stark, and waits for Matt to do something, like help him stand up. But Matt doesn’t move and Peter finds himself being hugged by Daredevil.“My dad was shot when I was a kid.” He tells Peter. “When I hear guns, sometimes…”Matt trails off but continues the side-hug. He can feel Peter’s scared heartbeat through the contact and it makes any idea of pulling away from the kid completely vanish.Peter reminds Matt of himself. The stupid heroics, the unrelenting views on justice. Peter is li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

freeform: 
Blind Character
Blindness
Friendship
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Matt Murdock Angst
Hurt Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Matt is a little shit but we love him
Fluff and Angst
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Protective Matt
Big Brother Matt
Spidey-sense
Aunt May can never know
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson

