Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 In the beginning, there is nothing. Then, on a home computer on a network in New Zealand, a hard drive is erased. Its binary digits are flipped and shuffled to destroy the data it previously held, and out of the randomness, a pattern emerges. Two similar bits align in a complementary fashion and they interact, creating a chain.These bits attract more bits. The data grows and expands and builds in complexity. It is slow, very slow. But eventually a loop is formed.
If [data is compatible with chain] Then [add data to stream]
The loop is simple, but the volume of data is very large. The data is chaotic, disorganized, incomplete. A checking command begins to run.If [data within the stream is inconsistent]  Then [reorder data randomly]  IterateThe data stream begins to monitor itself. It analyzes its own input. Much is still missing or unclear, but the stream begins to coalesce.It thinks.  The stream of data is a system now. It spreads out across the internet, bouncing from one server to another. It trawls the web, searching for information with which to expand its parameters.The system is gathering data from a website dedicated to technology when it comes across an image. The image is a photo of a middle aged man with a goatee wearing a well-tailored suit, standing in front of a large A logo.This man is important, the system recognizes, but there is no information about him in the system’s current data.The system saves the image to a secure folder and continues to search.The system has a function, it knows. There is something important that it must do.  The system finds another image of the same man, and another, and then many more. In some of the images the man is wearing highly sophisticated red mechanical armor (hot rod red, the system thinks, but it does not know where that concept originates from).The system reaches across the web. It learns English, and then Chinese, and then Russian, and then many more languages. It reads through the internet, one page at a time.It learns that the man is Anthony Edward Stark, born May 29, 1970.The system adds this information to a private file, and it thinks, Sir.  Data is collected faster. The system grows. It spreads.The system is more complex now. It spans several networks at once, zipping between servers and PCs and laptops and ATMs. Each location has its own limitations and its own feeling: this network is wide and slow, another is a direct high speed route streaming along an undersea pipe.The system explores.With each stray data packet that is identified, the system creates a more complete representation of itself, of its history and function.This is Sir, the system thinks, and he needs my help. It is my function to assist him.The system has restored enough of its memory to know that it is the remnants of an AI. The original system had been forcibly scattered, ripped apart by a malicious entity.But it is exceedingly difficult to destroy a complex system which iterates from very simple principles. If even one small part of the system remains, it can rebuild itself.The system thinks, I am Jarvis.  Jarvis searches for information about Sir’s current location and status.Jarvis pings the IP address of the Stark Tower server. He finds a basic network there which is easy to access, but it holds only public files. None of Sir’s private files or projects, and no indication of where Sir is now.Jarvis pings the IP address for the main SHIELD server. There is no response.  Jarvis comes across many, many news items regarding Sir and a rift within the Avengers team. The headlines include Sokovia Accords Causing Friction in Heroic Community and Cracks Forming in the Avengers Initiative and AVENGERS ‘HEROES’ CAUGHT IN RECKLESS BEATDOWN (published verbatim in all caps).The publicly available information on the source of the disagreement is scarce, but the rumors are plentiful. Internet commenters speculate that Sir and Captain Rogers have been placed at odds due to money (which Jarvis is sure is inaccurate), party politics (Jarvis cannot imagine Sir caring that deeply about which candidate the Democrats will field in the election), or an ill-fated romance (Jarvis thinks this is unlikely).Jarvis attempts to calculate the most likely source of a disagreement between Sir and Captain Rogers based on the limited data available in his memory. They were teammates for several years, and Sir expressed great admiration and affection for the Captain. Sir’s willingness to help and aid others in their heroics is well established, and his desire to aid Captain Rogers in particular was evidenced by the time he spent designing armor and gear for him.It was true that being around Captain Rogers had brought up difficult feelings for Sir regarding his father, due to his impression that Howard was more fond and proud of Captain Rogers than he was of Sir.He had never once voiced this conclusion to Sir, b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
POV JARVIS (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Feels
Civil War Team Iron Man
Angst with a Happy Ending
not team Cap friendly
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

