Work Text:

“Steve and Tony were 

dating?” 

Bucky repeated back, but the words didn’t sound any less crazy coming out of his mouth.

“Yup.” Clint squinted one eye, taking careful aim. “For almost a year.”

“But they hate each other.”

Clint took his turn. “They don’t. Or they didn’t. Neither of them will talk about what happened, but it was awful. They went from joined at the hip to opposite sides of the tower and they won’t say why. They’ve actually done a commendable job of not letting it effect the team in the field, but at home, 

brrr. 

The room drops several degrees if one walks in on the other.”

“That’s….” Bucky didn’t know what that was besides bizarre. He stepped up, eyed up the target, took a deep breath, released it, and took his shot at the end of his exhale. Bullseye.

Clint grumbled, eyeing his bullseye. “Yeah I was there when they split for good. It was… not pretty. I didn’t really get it and I was trying not to listen, but it sounded very painful. I think working together and being together just didn’t work out for them.” He shrugged then stepped up and took his turn.

Bucky was opening his mouth to ask what they’d been like when they were together when the door to the roof banged open, and he and Clint both leapt backwards.

Bruce stormed out onto the roof. “Are you playing 

lawn darts 

on my project?! That’s not grass, it’s half synthetic, half organic plant life. I’m trying to replicate Dr. Cho’s results in Korea!”

“Oh shit, he’s looking a bit green around the gills,” Clint muttered to Bucky, and Bucky muffled a laugh with his fist. 

“I heard that.” Bruce pouted. “You two need a hobby.”

“Irritating you is our hobby.” 

“Well, go do it somewhere else, you’re ruining the science.”

“Sorry.” The two snipers scrambled for the door and left Bruce to nurse his alien grass back to health. 

Bucky followed Clint inside and to the common rooms. Bucky plucked an apple out of the fruit bowl that never seemed to empty and took a bite. Clint hopped up on the counter next to him. 

“So what were they like when they were together?” Bucky asked around a mouthful of fruit. “Happy?”

“Oh yeah. I mean, it wasn’t always perfect, it’s not like they never fought, but they had that thing, you know?”

“No, I don’t.”

“You know, that, like, perfect for each other thing. They orbited around each other. It came as a pretty huge surprise, I’ll tell you that. One day they were cramming into the same armchair and eating off each other's plates and the next they were all ‘Mr. Stark’ and ‘Cap’ and leaving the room when the other showed up.”

“So what happened?”

Clint toyed with the lawn dart still in his hands. “You know I love gossip, but I feel like you should ask Steve or Tony about it. I don’t really know what happened, and I don’t wanna guess and be wrong. Whatever it was, it exploded overnight, there was at least one huge fight - I think the one I saw was actually number three - and then it was over.”

“Shit.”

“Yup.” Clint’s watch started beeping loudly and he picked up his phone and flipped through his notifications. “I gotta run. Catch ya later, Snowflake.”

“Fuck off, Barton.”

Bucky stood in the kitchen for a while longer, munching his apple and staring blankly out of the huge picture window. Stevie and Stark, huh… The more he thought about it, the more he could see it. Sure, now they were barely speaking, but he could see how their personalities would work together, balance each other out. They were maybe both a little too serious, got up into their heads too easily, but yeah… He could see it.

Though, to be fair, he didn’t really know either of them that well. He’d only been living in the tower for about a month. Steve wasn’t the same Steve he knew back in the war and before. There were echoes of him, sure, enough that they had fallen back into friendship easily, but it was something they had to rebuild. It was like when Steve had rescued him from HYDRA in a new body. He was still Steve, still his lifelong friend, but he also wasn’t. Bucky supposed he hadn’t been the same either, in more ways than he realized at the time. They’d made it through once, though. He was confident they could do it again. No matter how much time, distance, and super-serum came between them, Steve would always be his best friend from Brooklyn.

Stark, on the other hand, was pretty easy to get to know. He filled every room he entered and wore everything on his sleeve, even if he didn’t intend to. Knowing they had been together and split actually explained a fair amount of Stark’s behaviour around Steve. Bucky had assumed they had conflict about team leadership, or something, because that was the air Stark gave off. Still, Bucky liked him. He was obviously brilliant, in an explosive kind of way, and he had welcomed Bucky into his building without a second thought. 

Surprisingly, or maybe not so much, Barton was the one he’d found it the easiest to spend time with here. He never asked Bucky about his life as the Winter Soldi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

freeform: 
POV Bucky Barnes
Post-Break Up
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Getting Back Together
Scheming Bucky Barnes
Domestic
Bonding
Matchmaking
Clint Is a Good Bro
Happy Bucky Barnes
Light-Hearted
clueless bucky
sneaky JARVIS
They Didn't Have Cheetos in 1935
The Future Has All Kinds of Fun Things
Like Basketball
and polyamory
And Froot by the Foot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton

