Work Text:
Matt Murdock arrives at the Avengers tower at precisely 10 AM. However, Stark’s elevator has different ideas about that. Matt’s groping the walls, hopelessly looking for braille around a set of buttons.
His day really hasn’t went as he planned.



”Foggy.” Matt’s been walking around the office for three hours, trying to smell his coffee. “Tell me where you hid it.”


“No coffee for blind, driving maniacs.” Foggy harrumphs from his desk. Karen smiles fondly at her friends before getting back to whatever a receptionist actually does (Matt’s convinced Karen does nothing but help Foggy punish him).


He already searched their offices and found nothing. However, something does feel faintly cold in the middle of Foggy’s office…



Which is how this happened.
“There’s no braille.” Foggy tells him from his left. “Non-ADA compliant.”
“Foggy, I don’t need a babysitter.” Matt grinds out as he hears a button being squished.
“How do you usually get in here?” Foggy ignores him completely.
Matt hears him take out paper (A notebook?) from his pocket and the sound of graphite being crushed grates in his ears.
“Helicarrier. Or I’m with another Avenger.” Matt shrugs. “Jarvis helps, upstairs.”
“Indeed, Mr Murdock. Welcome back.” A voice resonates through the elevator once the doors have closed. “I was ‘laying low’, as to adhere to Sir’s orders.”
“Stark’s orders?” Matt asks.
“To assist you in keeping your identity classified.” Jarvis explains.
Foggy nudges Matt slightly, reminding him of introductions.
“Jarvis, this is my partner, Foggy.” Matt gestures to the man beside him. “Foggy, this is my good buddy, Jarvis. Otherwise recognized as Tony’s Artificial Intelligence.”
“Like a robot?” Foggy asks, looking around (presumably for a microphone or camera).
“Sure.” Matt chuckles as they step out of the elevator. “Like an omniscient, sentient robot.”
“You flatter me, Mr Murdock.” Jarvis responds lightly from a microphone planted in the Avengers’ communal floor.
“Asimov has nothing on you.” Murdock finds the couch, narrowly avoids the damned legs of the table, and then sprawls across it. “You go, Girl.”
“Mr Murdock, if you find yourself lacking in coffee, Sir’s personal supply is currently in the pot. Shall I reheat it?” Jarvis asks sweetly, making Matt grin.
“New best friend.” Matt points upwards. Foggy seems very unhappy as Matt scampers to the kitchen like a puppy, beckoned by treats.
“Wall-crawler isn’t here?” Matt asks Tony when he hears the man’s heartbeat approaching. Foggy’s lurches in his chest, making the redhead grimace.
“You’re Tony Stark.” Foggy addresses the man.
“You must be Franklin Nelson.” Tony holds out his hand before frowning. “And, yikes, you don’t look like a happy fan.”
“Because a certain blind idiot drove through New York.” Foggy directs at Matt, who is currently inhaling his coffee. Tony’s brand tastes the least like sweat and disinfectant and Matt really enjoys not worrying about who wasn’t wearing gloves. “And I want an explanation.”
“He’s… an idiot?” Tony offers. “Devil, is that my coffee? Jarvis!”
“Jarvis loves me.” Matt claims with a grin. “And, Foggy, can we not? You know I can drive perfectly well.”
“When you haven’t been hit on the head.” Foggy hisses.
“What’ve you been doing now, Horns?” Clint calls from the living room, where Matt ventures to escape the madness of Foggy and Tony having a conversation.
“Nothing. I’m a saint.” Matt shrugs. When he hears Stark and Foggy follow him, he points his head at the wall on his left. “Jarvis, call the team in?”
“Of course, Mr Murdock.”
Matt thinks Jarvis appreciates the fact that Matt treats him like a person. Really, that’s how he sees Jarvis. The electrical charge pulsing around the tower feels like a body, nerves twitching to attention in the walls.
The tower feels like an appendage, Jarvis’ host. Daredevil simply appreciates that.
Once the tower’s residents have gathered in the living space, Matt clears his throat.
“This is my partner, Foggy.” Matt says. “Foggy, meet Clint Barton, Natasha Romanoff, Steve Rogers, Bruce Banner, and Tony Stark, who you so kindly introduced yourself to.”
“Oh.” Clint’s voice sounds first from the couch, seemingly in realization.
“It’s such a pleasure to finally meet you.” Steve says, shaking Foggy’s hand enthusiastically.
Matt thinks they might just be as insane as Foggy when the others start clamoring for their own introductions and handshakes. He sits on the couch with his mug, breathing in the bitter yet comforting smell of coffee beans.
Foggy’s heart is fluttering as his heroes fuss over him.
Tony, however, sits down with a flat surface in his hands – his StarkPad.
“This ok?” Clint asks awkwardly. He’s just hugged Foggy and now he’s asking to drape himself over Matt?
“You usually don’t ask.” Matt points out, nonetheless gesturing for him to go ahead. Clint happily lies across him, later lifting his legs so Natasha can sit under them.
“So how long have you two been together?” Bruce asks, fiddling with something woode
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Blind Character
Blindness
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Matt Murdock Angst
Stick is an asshole
Matt is innocent
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Fluff
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Fluff and Angst
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

