Chapter 1: Reppin' Queens
    


Notes:
So here we go - chapter one of this actually planned fic! Eleven chapters in all.This chapter was seriously good fun to write - but Michelle's dialogue is hard because we've seen so little of her.Please rectify this, Marvel.For song recommendations, I have a few. Addicted to Progress by The Coronas, as a general theme for this fic; The City by Ed Sheeran, and Act My Age by Hoodie Allen. Also the first few tracks on the Spider-Man: Homecoming OST, like the Original theme and Academic Decommitment. I'm really looking forward to writing the rest of this- I don't know how long it'll take or how often I'll be updating it, but bare with and stay tuned!




Chapter Text
 If you asked Michelle Jones what she thought of Peter Parker, she would have three opinions to give you:a) that he was an insufferable Loser who seemed to be permanently ditching everything in sight;b) that he was so inherently ridiculous that it was actually painful to sit and watch him andc) she was crushing on him so hard it was giving her a headache.Michelle wasn’t sure how to decide to describe it – it had happened, and then it had never left.Just like that.Suddenly, Michelle had found herself sneaking glances at him as she read her book at the lunch table, 5 seats away, as he idly talked with Ned, a firm practitioner of hand-waving when he got particularly excited about the topic of interest.She’d pushed it off as observant habit. That everybody she met and talked to were observed just as much as he was.It was all lies. All of it.She couldn’t even remember when it happened, or how. Or why, even. Because Michelle did not fall into crushes quite so easily as other people did.‘Other people’ generally denoted people she’d rather avoid when it could be helped, but obviously, her hormones had decided that Peter Parker did not fall into that vicinity, so instead had went absolutely nuts about the poor guy. It was a craziness that Michelle had taken great pains to disguise.It had started off small, to say the least. A casual glance over a book one day, as him and Ned continued to rave about the new Star Wars film that had come out. They’d always been animated talkers, constantly flapping their arms about as character development got more of a look-in than it probably needed, and even though she’d seen it millions of times before, something had changed.Her eyes had scanned over the usual elements – half-eaten lunches, bags slung on the floor, hands slumped in chins as they listened to the other intently as their limbs flailed about. She’d actually looked at him – his gelled hair, swept back neatly from his face. His wide smile, all teeth showing radiantly – one of those kids whose braces had done him more than a few favours. His checked shirt collar peeking up through a mid-blue sweater. The geekiness of it was undeniable – it was overtly so.But in that moment – unfortunately exemplified by him casually running his hand through his hair, a seeming necessity for all teenage boys to do every five seconds – had suddenly looked horrifyingly attractive, and Michelle’s brain had nosedived, head stuck back into her book, thoughts whirring.
Where the heck did that come from?!
From then on, things had not improved.Everything he did had suddenly seemed attractive, from his gait – hands in pockets, unassuming and friendly – to his haircut, which hadn’t changed in ages, so why did she suddenly like it so much?Michelle had tried denying it to herself multiple times.
You’re a loner. By choice. You don’t need a crush. You don’t need a guy. 
Her hormones had yet to comply with that statement.She’d even tried hating the guy. Telling herself he was dorky and childish and ridiculous. That he was actually two inches smaller than her. That he was way too much like a loser to even be attractive.But no – even that hadn’t worked.She’d had to admit it to herself then.She was officially crushing on Peter Parker, but that did not mean that it had to go anywhere.Actually, Michelle would have gone so far as to say it wouldn’t go anywhere, because she was determined it wouldn’t. Full stop.So far, that was working out OK. Ish.As Homecoming had come and went, there had been a definite change in his behaviour. She’d noticed it almost immediately. Dropping from marching band and the robotics club. Then quitting Decathlon. It had all seemed a bit too strange for it to just be a coincidence. No one lost interest that quickly.She’d had to claim those remarks as a casual observation as well.She was not obsessed with him.That was still not working, mind. No matter what she told herself, but nevertheless, life had to move on, so Michelle decided that her crush on Peter Parker would not affect her daily life.She would remain indifferent.She would be cool about it. The artsy sophomore who didn’t give two hells about anyone or anything.As the school day came to a close (again, Michelle pointedly avoiding Parker as much as she could avoid), slipping out a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds

freeform: 
well here we go
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Friendship
Friends to Lovers
Secret Crush
Spideychelle
Cause I love that ship name
Danger
Superheroes
Teenage Drama
Developing Friendships
Developing Relationship
Sidelong Glances
Again - the beauty of romance folks
Teenage Dorks
Ned is still the ultimate best friend
Books remain a good distraction from Peter Parker's face - a sequel novel by Michelle Jones
Tags Are Fun
Nerdiness
Identity Issues
Secret Identity
Mystery
Michelle Jones is not to be trifled with

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds

