Work Text:
“I’m not sure this is a good idea,” Peter said, hesitating.“It’s a wonderful idea,” Ned said encouragingly. “You’re doing the world a favor. You have to redeem yourself. Also this is too good to sit on.”“And Mr. Stark did mention the other day how he was hoping to drum up some good press for the Avengers,” Peter said. “This is totally humanizing. What better press is there than that?”“Exactly,” Ned said. “And it’s not like anyone is going to know it’s you. This is basically Lorde’s secret onion ring Instagram, only with, you know, superheroes.”“Right, right,” Peter said, then uploaded the video he’d taken secretly at Avengers HQ of a befuddled Captain America staring at a microwave with flames pouring out of it while in the distance Falcon was yelling, “I told you that bag was foil-lined!”He captioned it with ‘way to go gramps. #seniormoments’  For a second Peter stared at his phone, like he was expecting it to somehow reject the post, but nope. It was now out there, forever, on the internet, on an account that could in no way be traced back to Peter Parker or Spider-Man. “This wasn’t treason, was it?” Peter asked after a moment. “Of course not,” Ned said.  “It’s awesome. And you said no one even saw you take that video, so it’s fine.”“Totally fine,” Peter said.It wasn’t totally fine. It turned out to be totally amazing.  By the next morning, Peter had gained thousands of followers -- on a single post -- and a good number of the comments were arguing over whether or not it really was Captain America.  “You know what we have to do,” Ned said when Peter met him at his locker. “Prove it’s really him?” Peter said.“Um, no,” Ned said. “You need to get pics of the other Avengers being awesome, and then continue to post Cap fails. It’s the only true way to seek revenge for the slight on your honor.”“That seems kind of mean,” Peter said, but then he remembered the way Cap had smiled right before roasting him in front of all of his peers. “But okay.”“When’s your next mission?” Ned asked.“Well,” Peter said, “I’m not really on any missions per se. But I’ll be at Avengers HQ next Saturday.”“Perfect,” Ned said. “Stock up on videos, so we can stagger it. We’ll learn from Lorde’s mistakes.” The thing was, Aunt May had been less than pleased about Peter fighting in an alien invasion.  She’d accepted that he wasn’t going to give up Spider-Man, but what she had done was somehow worse -- she’d called Tony up herself, behind Peter’s back, and had insisted that Tony give Peter actual superheroing lessons.Tony had of course argued back, but at the end of the day he’d agreed to have Peter come to Avengers HQ twice a month for training sessions.  The first one had mostly been Peter hanging out in Tony’s new lab, playing with unbelievably cool tech in between Tony making him test out new features on his suit.  Peter had taken the opportunity to say, “Dude, what’s up with the instant kill mode?” and Tony had gone squirrelly enough that Peter could reliably interpret it as “I worry so shut up about it already.”It was almost sweet. It would be extra sweet if he didn’t have to worry about his suit accidentally slipping into murder-mode.Testing out the suit is why he’d managed to get the video in the first place -- Karen’s constant monitoring was useful in so many ways.  In fact... He could probably go through his archives and find a few clips to keep the Instagram active until his next Junior Crimefighting Class.*Peter had just helped a frightened middle-schooler get their hoodie unstuck from a fire-escape -- “Smoking is bad, yo,” he said super-seriously, wagging his finger reproachfully -- when Karen chimed in that he had an incoming call from Tony Stark.He swung away, figuring the kid could probably find their way back inside on their own, and landed on a nearby roof as he took the call. “Mr. Stark, hi, I’m kicking ass and taking names out here tonight--”“Cut the bull, kid,” Tony said, pulling off his sunglasses and giving Peter a look.  “Why is there footage of Iron Man doing a pirouette online?”“I don’t know what you’re… I mean, what? That sounds like something I would like to see for the very first time,” Peter said, making what he hoped was an innocent face.“Okay, this is embarrassing, stop,” Tony interrupted. “I see what you’re trying for here and I appreciate and support the cause.”“Um, you do, Mr. Stark?” Peter said hesitantly. He spun a web-hammock -- he was getting really quick at those now, it was a shame he would never be able to put it on his resumes -- and hopped in. “I mean, I’m surprised, but this is awesome. You’re not going to shut it down?”“No,” Tony said, squinting at him. “Wait, do you think--- Oh god, am I the grumpy dad? Have I become the grumpy dad who shuts down the fun? Parker, not cool.”“I mean, wouldn’t that make you the not cool one? Like, hypothetically speaking,” Peter said.“I liked you better when you were all starry-eyed and thunderstruck,” Tony said as sternly as he could, which, being Tony S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Superhero Fails
Accidental Spider-Dad Tony Stark
Team Bonding
Social Media
Steve Rogers is a Troll
Revenge is Sweet

fandom: 
None
