Work Text:
He's not sure what he expected.When Ned found out about the whole Spider-Man thing he was excited, had a million questions, most of which Peter couldn't even answer. May was a different case, mostly worry and a little bit of pride all jumbled up and exploding in small arguments about safety and homework and curfews that left both of them exhausted.Michelle is completely unimpressed. But he's not sure what he thought would happen, if- when he told her.Certainly not that she figured it out on her own.“It's not that hard if you're paying attention,” she says, the same as if it were a math test she aced.“So you were paying attention to me?” He asks and she punched his shoulder. He wonders if she'll ever stop surprising him, if she'll ever do something that doesn't completely amaze him.He expects questions. Ned had so many questions and May had her own laundry list of concerns. Michelle has exactly one.“Have you met Black Widow?” she asks in the middle of a Starbucks, hunched over a book that's bigger than her head.“Um, we fought together once,” he replies. “It was really cool. But… Well, not really.”She looks up from her book, stares at him for a full moment with a frown. “Then what's the point, Peter,” she says, and finishes off her tea.So while Ned geeks out during patrols and asks for all the details, fully embracing his role as Guy in the Chair, Michelle just reads in his room and teases him when he gets his ass kicked and glares at him when he misses decathlon.She acts like it's another extraciricular, except less than because, “You can't even put it on your Common App, Parker.”He's not sure what he expected, but he shouldn't have expected anything else. This is Michelle, beautiful, smart, and forever unenthused Michelle.“It's good for you,” May says over dinner. “Can't let your head get too big, Peter. You won't be able to squeeze it into the apartment.”It's a breath of fresh air sometimes. With everyone else, he feels like he constantly has to prove himself, prove that he's strong enough, prove that he knows what he's doing, that he's not a little kid, that he's doing the right thing.Michelle doesn't care. She just wants him to show up to decathlon on time and bring her tea. The latter he can do always and the former he's still working on.And if he feels overwhelmed and can't tell May because she'll worry and can't tell Ned because he'll worry, he can tell her. She'll let him rest his head on her shoulder or in her lap and mess up his hair until it sticks up at all angles and he’ll pour out whatever's bothering him.And she'll always have a solution.“You can borrow my notes,” she'll say. “Just let me redact some things. Can't be giving away my essay ideas.” Or she'll hand him some huge book on philosophy the next day. Or she'll kiss his forehead and say, “You're surprised? You've been a hot mess since birth, Parker.”And some how it always makes him feel better. He lets out a long groan that she pretends not to hear and he burries his face in his hands.“Well, I know it's not homework, you perpetual slacker,” she says without looking up.He groans again and it's pitiful, it's not cute. She totally doesn't think he's being adorable. He does not resemble a disappointed puppy or any other form of cute fuzzy thing.He pushes a piece of paper toward her, across the library table. She's gonna have to look up from her book, which is ridiculous. She makes a point to finish her entire page and turn it before looking over.It's a blueprint for his web slingers, probably improved in some imperceptible way. She squints at it and starts deciphering his scrawl.“I can't get it to work,” he explains. “I mean the ones I have are great and I'm just being a little nitpicky but there’s so much to play around with and I wanna make sure they're the best they can be. But I can't even get it to work on paper and-”“You forgot to carry the two,” she says, tapping the page, rolling her eyes. Peter Parker, everyone. Capable of understanding and applying high level mechanical engineering. Forgetting how to multiply.She pushes the paper back at him, turns back to her book and finds her paragraph.“Holy shit,” he breathes, staring at the paper and then up at her. “You're a genius.”“No kidding,” she says. “You-” The rest of her words die in her throat because he's kissing her. In the middle of their school library. His hand on her shoulder for balance as he leans across the table.
It's brief, and she's a little shocked but she schools her expressions easily, ignoring the heat in her face.He raises his eyebrows like a question. ‘Is this okay?’ his eyes ask, with his small soft smile and his hand on top of hers.“Gross,” she says and returns to her book. Tony calls him during his eighth period free and he nearly pulls a muscle rushing to accept the call.“Hey kid,” Tony says and he hears something crash in the distance. “I'm throwing a party in the city. West 34th Street, you wanna come help me out?”“Yes!” Peter says. “I mean, yeah. I d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Infinity Wars Speculation
Sharing a Bed
Love Confessions
Established Relationship
Mild Angst

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

