Chapter 1: Arrival
    


Notes:
STANDALONE INFO:Matt has a former police dog/guide dog called Dice.




Chapter Text
The Avengers have gathered in one of Tony’s shiny, black limousines. Happy Hogan is acting as their chauffeur, sitting silently in the front seat.
“Get it out now, while we’re not in range.” Stark says, too caught up in his own worries to be toying with his StarkPad.
“This is a bad idea.” Natasha claims from beside Steve, who speaks up in response.
“He asked us to spend time with him, I think that’s a positive thing.”
“Yeah.” Clint agrees. “I’d rather he wasn’t alone.”
“I’m not disagreeing, there.” Natasha argues. “But I expect this to end in disaster.”
“Daredevil’s identity got out, ok. Not good.” Tony checks the GPS on his phone, double-checking they aren’t in the aforementioned man’s hearing range. “But it’s not the end of the world.”
“Tony’s right.” Steve nods. “This is a vacation, we shouldn’t be worried. It’ll be fun.”


Matt’s breath catches in his throat as he hides from a hoard of eager reporters. He feel like Stark and it’s not a feeling he enjoys.
Luckily for him, Dice is cuddled against his knee and he can smell the Avengers (Particularly the chemical smell radiating from Bruce.) walking around somewhere outside. He hadn’t planned on actually spending time near civilians, but the light rain was becoming a headache and then a migraine.
Dice is whining and pulling on his sleeve, so he pets the dog to quieten him.

This is fine. It’ll be fine. Don’t talk, they can’t judge you if you don’t talk.

Matt leads Dice through the swarms of families and businessmen waiting to go through security. He only hears his name called a couple of times as he hurries past. He makes it to the sliding doors and rushes outside, glad when he doesn’t hear footsteps running after him.
“Matt!” He hears Clint call his name as he makes his way over. He hears something pitter-pattering across the ground and recognises the swishing of a furry tail. Clint brought Lucky.
Matt unclips Dice’s lead; he isn’t wearing his jacket so he’s allowed to greet the Avengers individually with a wagging tail and wet tongue.
“I was waiting to the rain to clear up.” Murdock claims, gesturing upwards.
“Sure.” Steve is the first to talk. “I expected it to be a better day.”
“What can you do?” Matt shrugs, but his shoulders are stiff.

Are they really talking about the weather?

“Stark, are we ready to board?” Natasha asks as Lucky and Dice sniff each other’s butts.
“Stop it, Dice, you have more class.” Matt chastises his dog, who returns to his side happily.
“What’s wrong with my dog’s butt?” Clint pouts.
“You feed him pizza.” Matt reaches down to touch the other dog gingerly. It slobbers all over his hand, so he pets his own dog instead.
“And let me guess, Dice eats prime cuts of steak?” Clint scoffs as they head after the other Avengers, who are, by this point, climbing the stairs to Tony’s jet.
Matt considers this.
“If I’m eating steak.” He agrees. “But usually fish.”
“You can’t just feed him kibble like a normal owner, can you?” Clint grumbles.
The jet is thin but spacious, Matt discovers as he steps inside.
The engines are somewhat daunting, but Dice continually nudges his hand, distracting him from the rumbling.
“You haven’t been out of New York before?” Tony asks incredulously when Matt tells him.
“No.” Matt admits. “The farthest I’ve ventured is probably to the Avengers tower. Or on visits to our resident Spider-Man.”
“First time to Hawaii, then.” Tony says lightly.
Daredevil doesn’t answer and, instead, urges Dice (who is much cleaner than Lucky) to jump on the seat beside him.
With the whole world knowing his identity, he figured he wouldn’t need the yellow harness so Dice is wearing a black vest.
Dice sits patiently beside Matt until the plane is ready to take off, at which point he lies across both his seat and Matt’s lap.
There’s minimal conversation as the jet starts to move but Matt occupies himself with stroking Dice gently and finding comfort in his strawberry-scented fur.
Dice has adjusted easily to the monthly, occasionally more frequent, baths. Matt has adjusted to being nudged repeatedly during the day.

He was in the shower that morning, face wet. His laboured breaths must have attracted Dice’s attention because the dog wouldn’t stop—

Whining. Dice is whining. He’s burrowing his face into Matt’s chest, just as Matt realises that he really doesn’t like the sound of the engines.
It doesn’t escape him that the Quinjet is much quieter.
“Matt, you ok?” Clint sits across the table from him. When he reaches over, Dice actually growls, so he pulls back.
“Good boy.” Matt mumbles into the dog’s head before lifting his head at Clint. “I’m fine, it’s just loud.”
“Ok, Buddy.” Clint nods at that.
Matt doesn’t think the others are talking but there’s a niggling hum from somewhere.
“Matt.” Clint talks to him again. “Steve has sleeping pills, if you want them?”
Matt shakes his head.
Clint doesn’t understand when he makes a hand
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Dice the Devil-dog
Blind Character
Blindness
Deaf Clint Barton
Deaf Character
Friendship
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Service Dogs
lucky - Freeform
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Dogs
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
Hurt Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock Angst
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Stick is an asshole
Vacation
Tony Stark Has A Heart
super senses
Sensory Overload
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Panic Attacks
Anxiety
Team as Family
Clint and Matt cuddle a LOT
Suicidal Thoughts
Childhood Trauma
Trauma
Hotel Transylvania - movie night
Past Child Abuse
Implied Childhood Sexual Abuse
Clint/Matt if you squint
Feels
Canon Disabled Character
I know nothing about law
Autism Spectrum
Suicide Attempt
Child Soldiers
Bisexual!Tony is mentioned in passing

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Matt Murdock
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

