Work Text:
Tony carefully guided Peter's hands, helping him tweak their newest invention. A spy drone, bullet proof with a thermal camera. Peter clumsily apologized for the mistake, Tony brushed him off. He knew Peter was nervous, he'd be meeting the Avengers today."They won't bite, promise," Tony assured, giving him a grin. Peter shyly smiled, looking down and nodding gently before continuing on with threading the wires.Tony wondered when they'd be arriving, they didn't exactly give him a time but he hoped it'd be soon. He'd wanted them to meet Peter for a long time. Rhodey, and Bruce especially.The two soon found themselves engrossed in their work, not hearing the group of heroes enter the lab."Peter, blow torch on your left," Tony called, Peter turning to grab it. His eyes catching the gaze of Earths mightiest heroes."You'll catch flies like that kid," Clint spoke up while Sam laughed at the comment, drawing Tony's attention. Peter blushed, shutting his mouth and handed the torch to Tony. Tony set it down and wiped his greasy hands with a towel before handing it to Peter to do the same."Team, this is Peter. Otherwise known as Spider-Man," Tony explained casually. Stern blue eyes staring him down, then flickering over to Peter.But Steve only smiled lightly, "Nice to meet you," and offered Peter his hand. Peter shook it, stuttering out.

"Ni-nice to... to meet you too."Clint was next to shake his hand, then Rhodes, who also hugged him and clapped him on the back. Sam giving a firm nod, his arms crossed over his chest.Bruce smiled warmly, shaking his hand after."You're Doctor Banner," Peter said in awe before following up, "Your work is amazing! My chemistry teacher has your photo on his wall of the greats!"Bruce blushed and honestly looked flustered, offering a happy, "Thank you."Natasha gave him a nod, Peter returned it carefully. Vision also gave him a nod, Peter returning it again. Wanda hugged him, squealing with excitement for a new friend.Tony watched carefully, especially when Thor lifted him up into a hug. The team laughing fondly, Natasha and Clint watching Tony intently.A loving gaze in his eyes, it was also weary, somewhat paternal.---Bruce examined Peter's webbing in amazement, the two happily chatting about its properties and how he'd made it in his chemistry class since he didn't have anywhere else to make it."There's always here kiddo," Tony piped up, pretending to busy himself with polishing the drone. Bruce raised a brow at Tony's behavior but smiled softly at the change. The two were good for one another.Peter was certainly smart, could he be Tony's son? He'd have to ask him later, later came soon enough when Tony checked the time. Ushering Peter to his room for the night, giving him a hesitant hug.When the two scientists were alone, Bruce spoke softly his eyes downcast into the microscope."Is he yours?"Tony stiffened, his body slowly relaxing with a sigh."No, he's my responsibility though."Bruce simply nodded.---Sam hummed as he cooked the teams breakfast, watching carefully as Peter trudged tiredly out of the elevator. His brow raising at the hello kitty pajama bottoms, and the "I survived New York" shirt hanging off the boy."Hungry Spider-Boy?"Peter's head fell slightly in what was probably shame and embarrassment, Tony's voice suddenly piping up causing both of their heads to turn towards the billionaire."It's Spider-Man, so what's for breakfast?" Tony corrected, his arm settling around Peter's shoulders."Waffles, pancakes, eggs, and bacon. Anything you want," Sam replied wearily, watching as Tony led Peter to the common area to watch some TV.He hadn't even noticed he burned the bacon.---Steve called the shots, watching his team take down the giant monster destroying the city. Paying special attention to their newest recruit Peter.Well mostly Tony's interaction's with Peter, he called out what Peter should be doing. Always staying where he could see Peter, listening sadly along with the rest of the team when Peter took a hit meant for Iron-Man.Tony growled, nearly winning the battle himself in his rage before rushing over to Peter.He'd never expected it from Tony, but he was also glad. Peter seemed good for Tony, he was something for him to fight for. Peter proved Tony didn't just look out for himself and was capable of looking out for others. Capable of caring and watching out for something pure.A repeated litany of "Peter, are you alright?" falling from Tony's lips, the iron suit hugging the red and blue boy to his chest."Yeah, I'm alright. I'm okay Mr. Stark," Peter called softly over the comms.In a choked voice Tony replied, "It's Tony."---Clint crawled throughout the vents, stumbling upon both Tony and Peter in the lab. He knew it was rude to listen in on their conversation, but he couldn't help it."You know you didn't have to jump in front of me kid, I'm in a suit of armor."Clint knew they were talking about their most recent fight, Peter had broken his arm in two places and got 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

