Work Text:
On the first day of high school, Michelle Jones’ old book bag finally gives up, the unraveling seam on the side tearing apart to make way for all seven books inside to tumble to the floor, succumbing to gravity. This all happens just as everyone is rushing to their next class, and it’s all she can do to make sure no one steps on any of her precious.She’s saved four books already when the remaining three are offered to her.It’s the boy who sat in the first row and asked a lot of questions during chemistry this morning. He’s remarkable in being the exact picture of a high school nerd stereotype: glasses, messy brown hair, pasty freckled skin, and a gangly, wiry frame wrapped in a Star Wars tee and a pair of jeans too big for him.“Here you go. I don’t think anyone stepped on—oh, no, I hope this one’s not your favorite,” he says with a voice that obviously hasn’t finished breaking. On top of the stack in his hands is Suki Kim’s Without You, There Is No Us, sporting an ugly, diagonal fold mark on its front cover, and it only adds to all the reasons to glare at this good Samaritan.He begins stammering an apology, but she’s heard enough from him. She wrenches her books from his hands and stacks them with the others, then she walks away without a word. Her stomach rolls with guilt. She shouldn’t be so mean to him. He’s just trying to help. It’s not his fault the book cover got bent.It’s also not his fault that he said her Words. Capital W, because it’s a Big Deal. The first thing he said to her is the exact line written in a scrawl around her ankle for as long as she remembers, marking him as her soulmate. She doesn’t have to check his notes to know that his handwriting would match. Statistically, it’s almost certain that the first words she says to him would be something already written in her handwriting somewhere on his body.And above all, it’s definitely not his fault that MJ always strives to stick it to the man, or in this case whoever or whatever it is that thinks they can decide who she will fall in love with. Fuck that. It’s not like having a soulmate immediately guarantees a happily ever after. Often enough people have jerks as their soulmate—or soulmates, as it is possible, though unusual, to have two or three or in one documented case from the 1970s, eight in one lifetime—and the relationship crashes and burns, unless they’re a jerk themselves. Sometimes soulmates die way sooner than you do, which creates a lifetime of mourning and emotional scars. Very rarely, soulmates die even before you meet them, which is what she had secretly hoped would happen to hers just so she could be free, except the words around her left ankle stubbornly stayed ink black.Then her book bag betrayed her, bringing her face-to-face with the boy she’s—bleargh—meant to be.In hindsight, she should have fixed her book bag or even buy a new one before it rips. Hasn’t she lived her life careful never to trip or fall or drop anything, just so she would never have to be in a situation where her words would be said? But she was careless, and her words were said, and so she only has one option, doesn’t she?She just has to say nothing at all to this boy. Ever. Even though they’re in the same year and he’s taking the same classes as she does. That way, he never has to know, and they both avoid the disappointing romance they are no doubt destined for.Easy-peasy. 
 She still feels guilty for making him feel guilty about her book, so she picks the lock to his locker and fills it to the brim with potato chips. The face he makes the next morning when all the potato chip bags fall on him is priceless. 
 It’s not very hard to maneuver her life so that she never has to talk to Peter Parker. MJ’s default mode is avoidance of social contacts anyway, which coincidentally is also Peter’s default mode. Sort of. He joined three clubs in the first week of school, but he’s there for the activity and not for the people. Socially, he’s almost as much as a loner as she is, except for one Ned Leeds. That makes it even easier, because he always has a partner for group projects, therefore reducing the likelihood of her having to work with him. And sure, Peter and Ned both joined the Academic Decathlon club—which is the one club she joins because all knowledge is power and she aspires to be the queen of bar trivia nights when she’s old enough to drink—but when the two boys don’t quiz each other, resident rich brat Flash Thompson always jumps at the chance to quiz Peter and potentially humiliate him. Not that Flash has succeeded so far, considering Peter is a genius even for Midtown Science’s standards, but that seems to only rile up Flash even more.And it’s not like she can’t talk around Peter. She can even talk to a group of two people or more including Peter, if she needs to. She just can’t address him personally.Okay, so it’s not hard, but it does require constant vigilance whenever Peter Parker is in the vicinity. This leads into her knowing far to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Liz Allan & Michelle Jones
Liz Allan & Betty Brant
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Feels
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Liz Allan & Michelle Jones
Liz Allan & Betty Brant
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds

