Work Text:
On Sunday, Richard calls her from Los Angeles. He leaves a voicemail on her machine. Mary doesn’t listen to it. On Monday, Mary stops at the drugstore after work. She buys a pregnancy test and a bag of M&Ms. She spends the night eating her way through the bag, crying, and staring at two little lines that should belong to anyone else.  On Tuesday, Mary sleeps in past her alarm. She scrambles into her clothes; she’s 22 and it’s a new job and she can’t afford to fuck this up. She walks out of the subway to dust and smoke and screaming. She’s right there in the minutes after it happens, but in all the chaos on the ground, most of the world watching from their televisions knows what it is before she does — the World Trade Towers are burning to the ground. There's no 20th floor for her to report to; everything is gone.  There’s no subway home after that; she, like the rest of New York, has to walk home. It takes hours and hours to cross the bridge to Brooklyn. Hours of breathing in smoke and hearing people bawl into cell phones that don’t have any service and touching her stomach and thinking oh my god oh my god oh my god because she has never been late for anything in her entire life except for her period this month, and work this morning, and that may be the only reason that she isn’t dead. She doesn’t stop in Brooklyn, though. She carries on to Queens. She finds herself on the doorstep of the apartment Richard used to share with his brother Ben, before the fight, before he moved out to the west coast last month. But Ben isn’t there. It’s his girlfriend May who opens the door. May takes one look at her standing there, all grimy and soot-covered and barefoot from taking off her heels halfway home, and bursts into tears. “Thank god,” she says, pulling Mary into the tightest hug she’s ever had in her life; and then Mary is crying too, in earnest now, because the world is upside down and yesterday she was worried about so many things that seemed so impossible and so big and now they just seem selfish and petty and small. “I’m sorry,” says Mary. “I didn’t know where else to go. Is Ben — ?” May pulls her inside. “Ben’s at work, he’s fine, we’re fine,” says May quickly, already taking her shoes from her, her bag, the ratty sweater tied around her waist. “Oh my god, Mary, we thought you were dead.” I should be. She can’t stop crying. Her whole body is shaking. I should be dead. May frets over her in that older sister way she has for the two years Mary has known her; she’s a few years older, closer to Richard’s age than Mary’s, but grounded in a way Mary feels like she’ll never be. After Mary takes a shower and changes into some of May’s pajamas and settles on the couch to watch the news coverage, May wordlessly sets down two shot glasses and pours. She hands one to Mary. Mary stares down at the clear liquid and then, without meaning to, makes a choice. “I’m pregnant,” she blurts. And then: “It’s not Richard’s.” May’s face Is a mirror of the same sympathy she has seen her whole life; poor little Mary. Her parents are dead. Her life is a mess. The one good thing she had moved to Los Angeles and didn’t take her with him. And now she is pregnant by the last man on earth who should be raising a child. “Oh, honey,” says May. “C’mere.” And she holds Mary and lets her cry and tells her it’s going to be okay, that they’ll figure it out, that she’ll hold her hand if she gets the abortion and hold her hand if she has the kid and that everything’s going to be fine, and Mary cries and cries and feels more rotten than ever for crying over this new life when so many people’s lives ended today. She ends up staying the night, and then the next night, and the night after that. May and Ben are as kind and patient as ever, and it makes her heart ache, because this was her little family until the breakup and it’s been weeks of feeling untethered and unloved, so long that it almost hurts to let herself be here again. But then Richard flies in a few days later, the first flight he can get. He’s at the door of the apartment within an hour of his plane landing. They don’t talk about the fight they had a month ago, before he left for his residency; they don’t talk about anything that’s happened since. He kisses her like a dead man brought back to life and makes too many promises, but it’s Richard, and she knows that he’ll keep them all. She’s about to tell him, but then he presses a hand to her stomach. She closes her eyes in dismay. Ben must have said something over the phone. “I love you,” he says. It’s a different kind of I love you than the ones she is used to hearing. It’s heavier. More permanent. And in that same brash, determined Richard Parker way, he says, “This kid, too. If you’ll let me.” It seems crazy to say yes so quickly, after everything they’ve been through; but looking into his earnest eyes and hearing the weight of his words and seeing the impossible length of her life spread out before her in this new and terrifyin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt Peter
Peter Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

