Chapter 1: Stiles just has too many siblings
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Sev--
"Damn it, Stiles! Answer me!"
-en.
Eight.
Nine.
Ten.
Elev--
"Why are you out here, Stiles? Why are you all out here?"
en.
Stiles gulped and finally opened his eyes to look at the scene. His dad was heaving in anger. His face had gone partially red. Derek was next to him with his fists clenched, and he was surreptitiously easing himself slightly to the right in an attempt to block his father's view of him. Scott was stepping forward with his arms raised as though he wanted to interject something, but he clearly didn't know what he could possibly say to ease this situation. Lydia was standing still to behind him, her eyes darting around looking for a clean exit. Allison looked surprised, but at least, she managed to react enough when the sheriff announced his presence to slip her pocketknife away. Issac was standing furthest to the left and closest to the cliff. He was also darting his eyes too often to the cliff as though calculating the distance and whether anyone would notice if he just made a running jump for it. Boyd, obviously also noticing Issac's glances at the cliff and its steep drop, grabs a hold of Issac and pulls him away from the edge. He stays close enough that it's clear he'll grab Issac if he so much as flinches in the cliff's direction. Erica has gone a little pale, but she holds her ground behind Derek. Jackson, the bastard, had not been in the sheriff's sight at the time he arrived and had apperently decided to stay behind the tree he was hiding behind. The sheriff glanced at the tree briefly, but he didn't call Jackson out on it.
"This is a crime scene. You have all been found crawling around a crime scene. This looks really bad, Stiles. You could be contaminating the evidence. Explain yourself already. Why aren't you at home?"
Stiles breathed out slowly and licked his lips in an attempt to stall the inevitable blowout. Finally, he quietly mumbled, "It... I..." Okay, maybe he should stall a little longer.
The sheriff frowned deeply at the scene before he just sort of deflated. "Fortunately, the crime scene has already been processed, but damnit, Stiles, how many times have I told you to stay away from crime scenes?"
"More than 300 times?" Stiles tries to joke weakly. His father starts glaring again. Stiles winces. Not the reaction he was aiming for.
Stiles looked around helplessly hoping for some deity to look upon him for once and give him an exit strategy. He finally spots it on the tree Jackson is still hiding behind. Coward, Stiles thinks to himself before he sees the symbol. His face lights up and he straightens his shoulders as he realizes his prayers have been answered. Oh, thank god, Stiles thinks privately to himself.
"The Labyrinth!" Stiles shouts in giddy relief.
His father screws his face in confusion. Everybody else looks at him in disbelief as though he's finally decided to declare himself king of the insane. He starts flailing around with huge gestures as he tries to scramble an explanation together. 
"Annabeth was going to meet us here. She said she would come by this week, and she told me about the delta symbol on that tree!" Here, he points out the tree and by extension gives away Jackson's position. "You found it, Jackson! Good job. We were looking around for the delta symbol so that we'd know where to expect her. We're sorry it's so close to the crime scene. We were honestly just looking for the symbol, and unfortunately when the other trees didn't hold the symbol, we had to look over here at these trees in case they held the symbol. Which they do! Tada! Delta! Labyrinth! Annabeth." He finishes with a grand flourish at the tree in question and an excited look (probably exaggerated) on his face.
"You didn't mention Annabeth was coming by. Did you set up the guest room, Stiles?" His father seems to have accepted his explanation and is looking relieved himself that his son apperently does have legitimate reason to be skulking around these parts of the woods.
"Yep! Of course I did!" His father's back to looking skeptical.
Stiles is now outraged. "I always set up the room for when she comes by! I would never leave her to fend for herself! Annabeth would kill me if she noticed I didn't set up her room up. She'd be exhausted when she arrives, and she will wish to lay down for an hour or two, and the bed better be set up for her to do so!"
"You didn't set up the bed, did you?"
"I forgot," Stiles admits sheepishly.
"Well, it's on you. Give her your bed if she is tired when she arrives, and set up the guestroom when you get home. Tell Annabeth I said hi, and I'll try to make it home for dinner."
"Of course," Stiles smiles and waves as his father backs away slowly with an assessing look on his face before accepting the situation, turning around, and climbing back into his cruiser. 
They all stay frozen in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski/Athena
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Kid Fic
Crossover
BAMF Tony
Adoption
Alternate Universe - Family
Family Feels
Demigod!Stiles
Alternate Universe - Twins
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Multiple Crossovers
Crossover Pairings
Multiverse
Parenthood
Alternate Universe - Siblings
Parent Tony
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Pack Mother Stiles Stilinski

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Sheriff Stilinski/Athena
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

