Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Toni'd always wanted a soulmate. Hell, she'd even settle for a soulmark, just to feel normal.Well. Not that Starks were ever truly normal.No, her father had ingrained that in her from the moment she was born, and going decades without a rendezvous writing itself across her skin had only reinforced that, over and over again. It seemed like every other person who'd reached thirty-eight had had at least one soulmark appear, even if they'd let the opportunity pass them by to meet their soulmate.But.Starks were made of iron.And iron didn't have soulmarks. Her father and mother hadn't had soulmarks, and even if they'd had them at one point, duty and dynasty was more important than mystical or divine meddling.So no, it had been expected of her to never succumb to any soulmarks she might gain—but they weren't around anymore, were they? She could give in to the mystical if she so chose.If a soulmark ever appeared.And she'd checked.Oh, yes, she'd checked every day. But there was always the chance the mark had appeared for a brief window of opportunity, and she'd missed it, not making it to the correct place on the right date or time simply because she'd been busy.Hell, the mark could have appeared while she was in Afghanistan, as there had been no easy way of looking herself over every day.Plus, well, she'd been a tad bit preoccupied.A new soulmark, a new chance, a new rendezvous could still appear, but she was well into her thirties now, and her chances were looking slimmer and slimmer as the days went by that she'd be able to enjoy herself with a soulmate.She hadn't let it stop her, though, and she had enjoyed herself plenty, and hell, she had the most beautiful woman in her life right now, Pepper Potts, even if they weren't soulmates.Well.She'd had her.Past tense.Right. She kept forgetting about that.Toni'd been the one to find Pep's soulmark, her rendezvous, and she'd been the one to help her dress, to push her out the door, and wish her luck and happiness and love.Because Pepper deserved it.But damn if it didn't hurt, losing her in that way. It had only been a week, and the woman was still firmly planted in her life as CEO and official Toni Wrangler. It hurt not to be able to touch her, to look at her, like she used to.Shaking her head at her internal musings, Toni threw herself back into her creation, and her thoughts became focused on the task at hand once again.
It was Rhodey who found it first.Toni had been slouching over her work table, scrolling through her holo display and reading over some test results, when Rhodey entered the lab."Hey JARVIS, kill the music, will you?" Rhodey asked as he walked in.JARVIS did as he asked, the traitor."Hey!" Toni shot up, glaring at her best friend. "I was listening to that!" She swiveled her chair around, releasing nervous energy as she did. It was the only thing that helped to still her mind, at least sometimes, when she was interrupted mid-thought. Toni clenched her eyes shut, breathed in, and then out, centering herself with the steady hum that was reverberating subtly through her body from the arc reactor."What gives?" she finally asked, opening her eyes and taking in the man in front of her. He was dressed down, in dark jeans and a blue button-up, so obviously it wasn't an official visit.Rhodey raised an eyebrow at his friend, and Toni raised one right back at him, and then finally she grinned, getting up and hugging the tall man. "It's been a while," she said as she stepped back."Since after you nearly died, you mean?" Rhodey asked dryly, rhetorically. "It wasn't even that long ago. And you still haven't groveled enough for that, Tones. I mean, come on, who even does that?"Toni mock-pouted at him. "I'll build you a new suit!" She turned around, pulling her holo display towards her as she went. "I mean, it's only been two weeks since I got a new heart, cut me some slack, boo bear!"She barely registered the gasp that Rhodey let out, already hopping onto a train of thought that swiftly began to carry her away. But she couldn't miss a large hand settling onto her shoulder, gripping her, and pulling her away from her work once again.Toni yelped as the back of her t-shirt was pulled down, and then, before she could say or do anything, Rhodey exclaimed, "You have a soulmark, Tones. A soulmark!""What!" Toni was off like one of her suits, running towards the bathroom and turning on the lights as she twisted around, trying desperately to see the words written there.But she couldn't.They were at the nape of her neck and she could only see a hint of the black print—holy shit it was finally happening, she'd waited so long, and now she was going to meet somebody who would accept every part of her, damaged goods and all, brains and all, faults and all, and she didn't care that that may be naïve of her. She didn't care, and the mark was out of sight, and she wanted to see, and luck o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Timothy "Dum Dum" Dugan
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Howling Commandos - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Post-Iron Man 2
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
World War II
Violence
War
Tags May Change
OT3
Threesome - F/M/M
Let's put this history degree to good use
Getting Together
Slow Burn
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Canon-Typical Violence
POV Alternating
POV Third Person Limited
Unreliable Narrator
True Triad
Tony-centric
Let’s emphasize that Slow Burn tag again y’all
Heavy Angst
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
but it will get better
Steve is finally not acting like so much of a jerk anymore so that’s something
Much agonizing over time paradoxes
The Battle of The Bulge
Engineer Tony Stark
Tony Can’t Have Nice Things
At least not right away
hey look we're finally heading towards an OT3!!
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Eventual Smut
Swearing
a lot of swearing
Fluff
Finally some fluff!
Kicking Hydra Ass
bucky barnes is a sweetheart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Act One Complete
Lesbian Pepper Potts
Author Is Recovering From Abuse
So Please Be Patient With Me - I’m Trying
Domestic Avengers
Recovery
Butterfly Effect
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Author Apparently Really Likes Tagging
The Author Regrets Nothing
The Author Regrets Everything

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Timothy "Dum Dum" Dugan
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

