Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
The first time Tony saw a picture of the Spider-Man, he had nearly choked on his coffee. The sight of some grown-ass man running around in horrendously baggy pajamas was a bit too odd (and hilarious) an image for him to take seriously. Then he had watched a couple of videos on YouTube of the guy swinging from buildings and taking down small-time criminals around the Queens area, and he had to admit to being somewhat impressed; the man's technique was sloppy, his outfit abhorrent, his sense of self-preservation lacking, but he had potential. More than that, he was someone who was taking initiative—helping people who couldn't help themselves, not for praise or reward, but simply because he could. So yeah, Tony was intrigued, at least a little. He made a mental note to keep an eye out for the guy, and then asked Friday to keep tabs on him too—just in case.And that was that for the most part. Occasionally Friday would alert him of news stories or new photos (always in the same shitty pajamas). However, it wasn't until many months later, when he got word of the Sokovia Accords, that Tony made the decision to dig a little deeper.It had started with a hostage situation at a downtown bank. The robbers were holed-up in the building with 25 hostages. The police had, of course, been notified and had sectioned off the area. Civilians still crowded around trying to get as close as possible, hoping to see some action. No contact had been established and no demands had been made, but Tony had eyes on the inside (well, Friday did) in the form of a very small reconnaissance droid. So while Friday gathered information, Tony kept an eye on the situation from a distance. He was waiting for a sign from their “friendly neighborhood Spider-Man” as Tony had heard him called recently. So far, he was disappointed to have seen nothing. He checked the time: 3:15 P.M. He sighed, it had been 30 minutes since the event had gone down. Then, just as he was getting ready to call it, a ping appeared on his screen and Friday’s voice spoke crisply into his ear.“Sir, I have picked up additional movement. I believe another individual has entered the building. Should I investigate?”“Go see if it’s our guy.”The camera moved into another room and panned up. Tony’s brows raised; clinging from the ceiling was Pajama-Man. Tony snickered at the rather ridiculous sight, but quickly stifled it when the people next to him gave him dirty looks. Right, hostage situation. He backed away from the crowd a bit. Sure, he was hiding his face pretty well, but he didn’t want to cause any more of a scene. Quietly he whispered for Friday to pan back to the hostages. Usually he’d leave something like this to the police or whatever vigilantes were running the streets, but he was here now and if this Spider-Man guy couldn’t take care of it, well, he wasn’t going to stand around and let innocent civilians die.Watching Spider-Man work was interesting to say the least. Though he sometimes seemed a little clumsy, and spouted enough one-liners to rival Hawkeye, he was proficient. More than that, it was obvious that his first priority was keeping the hostages safe, even going as far as to purposely put himself in harm's way in order to draw attention or to protect someone who hadn’t run off in time. All and all, the situation was handled quickly, and in just a handful of minutes after Spider-Man had made his appearance, the would-be-robbers were tied up, stuck to the floor and each other with the strange webbing the vigilante used (and wasn’t Tony interested in taking a look at that in his lab) and the hostages were running from the building to safety. Once the police had ushered the hostages away, they stormed the building, but Tony had already left the scene. He had done what he came to do, now it was just time to wait.“Make sure to keep following that tracker and let me know when he comes to rest. We are going to find out who this guy is.”“Of course, Sir.” Friday replied easily.Later that evening, while Tony was holed-up in his lab, Friday alerted him that Spider-Man had stopped at an apartment complex in Queens and had been there for sometime.“Okay, bring it up.” He said.Immediately his screen switched to show a layout of the building. The screen zoomed into the building.“He seems to have stopped at this unit here.”“Okay Friday, I want a report on who lives in the apartment and whatever you can find out about him.”It didn’t take the AI very long at all to compile the dossiers on the two tenants, and Tony sat baffled as he flipped through the information on his StarkPad.“Okay, there must be a mistake of some kind, Friday. The only two people who live here are a high school kid and his ridiculously attractive Aunt.”“This is where the tracker remains.”Tony frowned. “Maybe he’s a friend of the family, or found the tracker and ditched it,” he mumbled, “Okay Friday, keep watch and let me know if he goes on the move.”---Tony blinked at
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superfamily
Dad!Tony
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Needs a Hug
Fluff and Angst
The Avengers Are Family
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Civil War Fix-It
Kinda
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha keeping her fam together
Canon-Typical Violence
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Rating will change
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Sexual Content
Dom/sub
Kink Negotiation
Safe Sane and Consensual
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Angst and Humor
Attempted Sexual Assault
ANGRY ASSASSINS
Iron Dad
Harry Osborn is a little shit
But he's trying
Oblivious Peter Parker
Alcohol Withdrawal
Grief/Mourning

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker

