Work Text:
When the doctor steps out of the room to get the release paperwork, Phil hops off the examination bed and roots around until he finds a mirror. It's just a bit bigger than his hand, but that's large enough for him to clean up and put his suit in order. Bad enough that he'd  gone haring off after a damn demigod alone, like a newly-bonded Alpha too addled by protective instincts to think. Worse that he'd woken with Clint's name on his lips, leaving no doubt about what had put him in that state. Phil didn't need to wander around SHIELD looking like he'd spent the entire battle unconscious in the detention room, even if he had.A flush of shame goes through him at the thought. Falling for Loki's illusions he could forgive himself -- Thor had done the same. But not bracing for potential recoil on a brand new weapon was a rookie move. Thank God for Natasha, because Phil had been utterly useless to Clint. To all of them, Phil reminds himself. Setting the mirror aside, Phil hitches a hip up on the exam bed again, not quite sitting as he waits for his doctor to return. He's going to have to be careful for the next week or two. Even at the best of times, Clint sometimes takes Phil's protectiveness as a lack of confidence in his abilities, a lack of trust. Between Clint's inevitable guilt about being used against his own people and the way Clint's abduction had sent Phil's instincts into overdrive, they're going to be walking a fine line for awhile.If Clint was an omega... Phil sighs and gives in to the momentary urge to rub at his aching temples. He isn't. He isn't an omega, and he isn't going to react to Phil's pheromones, and goddamnit, you'd think after all the time they'd known each other Phil's instincts would have learned that Clint doesn't belong to him.The doctor comes back and Phil is in the midst of scrawling his signature when Nick steps into the room. "Busting your way out of medical already?" he asks.Phil holds up the clipboard and signed form. "It's not busting my way out if I complete the appropriate paperwork." He hands both to the doctor, who nods politely to the two of them and yet hustles his way out of the exam room with notable speed.Nick snorts. "Just because your version of busting out of medical involves glaring and AMA forms instead of escaping into the drop ceiling doesn't make it any less busting out.""How is Barton doing?" Phil asks, adjusting his jacket cuffs carefully. "I was told that Romanoff got him back, and that he came through the battle all right, but that's all."Nick hums and Phil looks up sharply, because he'd been expecting teasing over his ridiculous, dead-end reactions to Clint. Even his abrupt open interest doesn't elicit the amusement he's used to seeing from Nick in moments like this. "His doctor alerted me to an...unexpected element of Loki's influence over him. I think everything will go a lot smoother if you're in on this." Nick knocks on the wall and another doctor--not Phil's--steps into the room. Phil recognizes her--Doctor Banerjee, solid work but she's never been the primary physician for any of his (or Clint's) major injuries. That's just luck; SHIELD employs a lot of doctors. "Doctor," he says. "What is Agent's Barton's status?"The doctor takes a breath, fingers tightening on the chart she holds for a moment, but she speaks before Phil can chide her for the hesitation. "At some point during his captivity," she says, and Phil gives her credit for using the term 'captivity', "Agent's Barton's gender changed from beta male to omega male.""Excuse me?" Phil says automatically, because he can't have just heard that. It's impossible."Agent Barton is now an omega male," Banerjee repeats. "I understand how this sounds, sir, but we've run the blood work twice and conducted a physical exam, and it's been confirmed." Phil can't speak, still working on absorbing the words. After a moment, Doctor Banerjee goes on, hesitantly. "I haven't told him yet, sir. The Director suggested that Agent Barton might have an easier time with the news if an alpha that he trusts is present.""Of course." Phil glances at Nick, then back at the doctor. "May we have a moment, first?""Of course," Banerjee echoes, and steps out of the exam room. Nick reaches over and closes the door behind her. "You okay, Cheese?""I know this is completely irrational," Phil says slowly, looking Nick in the eye, "but...is this my fault?"Nick's brows go up. "How the fuck could Loki changing Barton's gender be your fault?"Phil laughs, just a hair hysterically, and rubs a hand over his face. "I don't know. But I've wished for it so many damned times, I can't help..." he shrugs.Nick puts his hands on Phil's shoulders and squeezes. "This is not your fault," he says. "Loki didn't know who the fuck you were when he took Barton, and if he did, if he read your mind through half a dozen sub-levels in the middle of a crisis when Barton's gender was the furthest thing from your mind, then he wouldn't have cared enough ab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Watersports
omega!Clint
alpha!Phil
Knotting

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

