Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve had his most confused puppy dog expression on, and he couldn’t bring himself to ignore that.
“What’s wrong?” he said, resigning himself to another hand-holding session.
"I don’t understand. I was trying to have a discussion with someone, but she insists that privilege doesn't mean being rich. She says that it now means  -- " Steve paused to read off the screen, " -- the ability to assume other people will give you the benefit of the doubt. But that’s not privilege."
“There’s a kind of secondary meaning to the word that has become the most common. When people talk about privilege these days, they’re usually talking about the advantages people get for being born into the more powerful demographic.  So it can mean rich, but it’s just as likely to mean white, male, heterosexual, abled, or whatever. Usually, they’re trying to make the point that someone  with all those privileges has forgotten – or never realised – that other people don’t have the same advantages. You know, when you’re saying that Person A won the 100 meter sprint fair and square, but they know that Person B was forced to start half a mile back. The benefit of the doubt thing isn’t all there is to it, but it is part of it.”
“I don’t even get that bit!” said Steve, managing to sound grievously offended.
“Well, okay, let’s try some examples. They have two candidates for a job, and both have a wonderful resumé but were a little disappointing in the interview. They believe the man knew his stuff and just couldn't explain himself very well. They believe the woman screwed up because her CV overstated her qualifications. Or they have two people who walk out of a store with something they haven’t hasn't paid for hanging from the front of their trolleys. They believe the middle class white women did it by accident, so she pays up and forgets all about it. They believe the poor black teenager was shoplifting, so he gets a criminal record and loses his college placement. If people, especially police and other authority members, are just generally more likely to assume that you’re a decent, intelligent human being, then your life is just going to be so much easier in every possible way."
“Authorities should treat everyone decently!” said Steve, chin out and fists clenched.
 Like you’re so evenhanded when you give people the benefit of the doubt, he thought cynically. Out loud, he just said, “Maybe. But they don’t.  Look up Trayvon Martin or the Ferguson report. Actually, no don’t, we don’t have that many punching bags on hand. Look, Steve, this has been around for a long time, and it will be around for a long time more. All we can do is try to improve things as we go along. What brought all of this on, anyway?”
Steve pushed the tablet towards him like it was an annoying paparazzi camera. “This woman describes me as the most over-privileged person in history. She says I’m a parody of privilege - a blond haired, blue-eyed American male with eternal youth, physical perfection and world-wide fame.She says that I abuse that privilege to do whatever I want!”
He looked down to swallow his laughter. Poor Steve, having no-one left that thinks he’s just a kid from Brooklyn. His eyes caught on what Steve had been looking at, and his humour morphed into pity. "You’ve been reading the youtube comments. Oh Steve. Never read the youtube comments."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Outtakes
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
