Work Text:
 The fight with Thanos was over. Thor had tried to choke Wanda after Loki’s revelation and it was only Steve’s cries which had stopped him. Thor had given Clint and Natasha a cold look when they had tried to say something. They didn’t speak again.After the chitauri creatures of that place had been vanquished and Loki had gone on his merry way to torment the Guardians, the avengers had a little chat.They had divided then. Thor, Bruce, Tony, Vision and Bucky had gone one way. Bucky had refused to be anywhere near the Hydra scum who fucks with people’s heads after he had woken up. He hadn’t listened to his lover instead he’d slapped Steve. Steve had shut up after that. Bucky had always felt uncomfortable around Steve’s friends. No one bothered him because they didn’t want Steve to be upset, Bucky had clearly said he dislikes all of Steve’s team mates.  He spent his time alone or with Tchalla. They gave him the creeps, he now realized why that was. He couldn’t erase the image of Steve’s dead body from his mind. He could only imagine what Tony must’ve gone through seeing all of his team mates dead. The man was too kind and good to care about these monsters. 
“Keep that bitch away from me. She and all your friends are gross. I love you Steve but I hate all of them. They are monsters.”
 
Wanda had kept her eyes on the ground the entire time. Clint and Natasha were stone faced. Hope, Rhodey, Scott and Sam weren’t with them. They were with Strange and Guardians.
 Loki had been causing havoc in that ridiculous helmet of his which he’d worn during the first chitauri invasion. It was Wanda’s bad luck she again came face to face with Loki.His attacks were vicious towards Clint, Natasha, Wanda and Steve. He was fighting all four of them at once and was winning by miles. It was like he was toying with them. In the end Thor had gotten through Loki and reminded him of their mother. That she wouldn’t want him to become a monster and be responsible for so many deaths. For destruction of Midgard.Loki had turned on Thanos and had helped Thor, Dr Strange and guardians in defeating him.  It had been hours since the battle had finished.  Tony was sitting with his head in his hands. Bruce who was sitting beside him looked as if he’d aged 100 years.His eyes kept on flickering to Wanda. He wanted to smash her to smithereens. She….. She was responsible for that atrocity. She unleashed him on innocent people. That’s why Tony had said he’d seen a colder world. And what had they all done? Nothing, just stood as Thor assaulted him.Someone should ask her how many children she and her twin orphaned when she unleashed the Hulk. Bucky was glaring daggers at Wanda. He wasn’t listening to Steve who was babbling something. He couldn’t get that vision from his head. He wanted her dead. Tony had been a good friend to Steve, Steve wasn’t. It was because of him they fought but he hadn’t asked Steve to lie  for years. He had been downright angry with Steve for hiding Tony’s parent’s murder from him. One of the reasons he had went into cryo willingly. He couldn’t control his own damn mind.  Just because they were lovers didn’t mean he was a blind fellow who will always agree with Steve. How could that woman do this to him? He was already ill. Bucky had come to know from Bruce that Tony had severe PTSD. Bucky knew all about it. Steve’s friends and Steve were horrible to Tony Stark for no reason. It was like they thought they were better than him. Bucky had snorted at the time when thought had made itself at home in his head. Delusions of grandeur. The lot of them were rubbish. Liars, backstabbers, presumptuous, egoists, arrogant ; people who didn’t  care about their own family. It was like if Steve will ask them to jump they will say how high ? They followed Steve like a bunch of hunting dogs whether he was right or wrong.  
They’d been cordial when they’d met after Siberia. He had apologized to Tony for everything while the kind man had just smiled at him and forgiven him.

“You didn’t want anyone dead. I get it. I was very angry but I understand. I do. Better than most what it means to be tortured, to go through bodily transformation. I would not have attacked you if I had known before and had time to process everything. I know myself. And what Rogers did…..

Be happy with Rogers. By the way how does the arm work? I had a great time building that…..”
  Clint and Natasha were sitting together. Clint and Natasha would never get up again. They’d lost the ability to move. Thanks to Thanos and his lackeys. Dr Strange could not heal them. Some things were even beyond him. Wanda was sitting alone with her head in her hands.Vision was looking at Wanda as if he couldn’t understand what she was. There was happiness that Thanos was gone and they’d made it out alive. Earth was safe.But the vision of Wanda shown by Loki could not leave some people alone.  Loki and Thor approached Wanda and she started shivering. Both the brothers looked frightening. She
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
BAMF Loki
not team Cap friendly
Not A Fix-It
Thor Is Not Stupid

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

