Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter has been Spider-Man for exactly seven days and thirteen hours when he first meets James. The teen only notices the man because he looks kind of shady; no one stands still in New York City in the winter unless something weird is going on. Especially not in what looks like one flimsy hoodie and a pair of driving gloves.  However, Peter has been called a lot of awful names in the last week for jumping to conclusions – how was he supposed to know that that one mugging was actually Shakespeare in the Park? - and he's trying not to make assumptions anymore. So he approaches cautiously.  The stranger is standing on the sidewalk, completely motionless. He doesn't seem to notice as people walk around him and he barely even twitches when one woman stops to cuss at him for getting in her way. He's not on the phone or drinking coffee while looking for a taxi – those would both be normal. Instead, the man is empty-handed, staring at the buildings like he's never seen their like before.  “Hey, are you all right?” Peter asks, keeping a careful distance in case this guy is some kind of druggie out for a bad trip. One week as a New York vigilante has made the teen more familiar with quiet people going psycho than he'd ever planned to be.  However, this man's eyes are clear if tired when he turns to look at Peter and he shows no sign of flipping out. So if Spider-Man can't catch a criminal, maybe he can have a conversation and help another way.  “Do you need directions or something?”  “That's an... interesting... outfit,” the stranger says after a long moment, choosing each word carefully. “Is it... Halloween now? Who are you supposed to be??”  “What? No. It's December, dude. You're off by a couple months,” Peter answers, a bit more worried now. But the man just shrugs in answer. He looks both faintly amused and completely done with everything, like he wouldn't be surprised to go to sleep in December and wake up in October afterward.  “You're not some kind of addict, are you?” the teen asks. “I mean, no judgment if you are... actually, that's a lie, I probably would be judging and you better not be dealing in this here neighborhood. But there are places to get help. Or hey, are you hungry? I've got-”  Peter shoves one hand in the pocket of his costume and does a bit of rummaging.  “About six bucks. You could buy a sandwich if you want. I know a place with the best sandwiches in Queens and you shouldn't make big life choices when you're starving; in my experience that ends badly for everyone involved. At least, that's my excuse for a couple things I've done.”  He holds out the bill but the stranger doesn't take it. The man just stares at Peter for a moment before asking, “Why... do you... even care?”  This guy sounds completely baffled and his expression matches, what the teen can see of it beneath his baseball cap. Honestly, it's like no one has ever offered the man anything without a bunch of strings before. Which is really kind of sad.  “You seem to need help so I'm helping,” Peter tells him with shrug. “Friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, it's kind of what I do. Looking out for the little guy. At least I'm trying to.”  “How do you know I'm not a... criminal?” the man replies, still with those odd pauses like he's searching for the words. “You shouldn't go round handing... cash to strangers. What if you get... mugged?”  “I told you, I'm Spider-Man. I'd like to see them try,” he answers, fighting back a smirk. “And you don't seem like a criminal. I'm pretty sure a coke-head would have taken my six bucks.”  The stranger barks a laugh and then looks startled at the sound.  “I guess you're right,” he murmurs. “Though I could just have high standards. Maybe I don't work that cheap.”  “Are you a criminal then?”  “Depends on who you ask,” the man tells him quietly. “I am... was... a soldier. I've... killed a lot of men.”  “My grandfather fought in World War II. I don't think that makes you bad.” Peter's not sure why he says it. This guy is just a stranger, lost though he may seem. “Look, if you don't want a sandwich, can I do something else? Cuz otherwise I should probably go see if someone actually needs Spider-Man right now. I just started this gig, you know, and I need to get my name out on the streets.”  “I was on my way to... Brooklyn but I got turned around,” the man replies, squinting up at the skyline. “This city doesn't feel... it doesn't look the same.”  “Well, that one's pretty easy,” Peter tells him, relieved to have an answer. “You can't get there directly, but if you take the N train to the city you can transfer to the J train after that. There's a subway stop a few blocks over th-”  “No,” the guy says flatly. “Not the subway. Nothing... underground.”  “Okkaay, then. How about a taxi?” the teen offers. “You won't see many in this neighborhood but you can call one easily.”  “I don't have a phone,” is the reply.  The fuck?  Peter thinks, gaping at the stranger. Who doesn't have a phone t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bromance
Friendship
Pre-Series
Humor
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Chance Meetings
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man Interacting with New Yorkers
New York City
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Being a superhero has a major learning curve
But Peter is giving it his all
Even when being Spider-Man isn't all that glamorous
Sandwiches
Seriously - way too much about sandwiches
More angst and feels
Peter being a teenager
Revelations
Plot What Plot - the unsexy kind
Protective Bucky Barnes
Awkward Conversations
Peter is really trying to help out
Studying
Foreign Language
Fluff
Bucky has skills
minor Civil War spoilers
Protective Peter Parker
Poignant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

