Chapter 1: Should have stayed in Wakanda
    




Chapter Text
It wasn’t supposed to happen like this, Steve thought as the dust settled. There was debris all around him and people screaming in terror and pain. Men with guns were running away, jumping over the bodies littering the ground. Steve looked around for his team and found Clint staggering to his feet further up what was left of the street. He couldn’t see the others.
There was a wailing sound in the distance and flashing lights. An ambulance, maybe. It was about time.
A man was trying to help a woman crushed by a concrete slab. Steve went over to help only to see both recoiling from him in fear. “It’s okay, I’m here to help you.”
The woman only screamed louder while the man tried to get in front of her, as if to protect her. From him? The man hissed something at him, pain and anger lacing his voice, but Steve didn’t understand the language.
“Cap.” It was Clint, coming closer. He was limping. “We have to go.”
“What?”
The man was sitting with the woman now, trying to calm her down. There were tears tracks washing the dirt from her face. Steve took a step closer to them and the man yelled again, taking up a poor fighting stance.
“Cap, come on, we gotta go, before the police gets here. We’re wanted fugitives, remember?” Clint said, tugging on his arm. “Come on, we gotta find the others.”
With a last apologetic look at the couple, Steve allowed himself to be lead away. “Sam? Wanda? Can you hear me?” he said into the comm. There was no response. Damn.
“I’ve already tried, I think the comms are fried. Fucking shitty cobbled together tech,” Clint muttered angrily. Scott had tried his best to put together the stuff they needed, but it was clearly a patch job. Damn, Steve missed decent equipment.
They didn’t get far before spotting the police vehicles coming their way. With no time to search for the others in the chaos, Steve and Clint had to make a run for it. They headed for the jet they’d borrowed from Wakanda, hoping the others would know to meet them there.
It wasn’t supposed to go this way.
*****

The day before

“Goddammit!” Clint exclaimed for the tenth time, cursing under his breath.
“Nothing?” Sam asked.
“What the hell do you think?!”
“Clint, calm down,” Steve said before a fight broke out.
“Fuck you, Steve.”
Steve tried not to let it bother him. Clint was upset, so he was lashing out, it was understandable. He’d already learned that it was better to just let the archer vent when he got like this.
“Well, you can try again later,” Scott said, not sounding particularly bothered by it.
Clint narrowed his eyes and started another round of cursing. He’d been trying to contact Natasha for several months, using all their old radio channels or whatever they were, with no luck so far. Nat had dropped off the face of the Earth as far as any of them could tell. She wasn’t with Tony or in prison, that much they knew, but that was about it. They didn’t even know if she was alive, though Steve found it hard to believe that someone could have taken her out. Still, not knowing was frustrating, especially to Clint, who’d known her longer.
It had been difficult, these past months of forced inactivity. Steve had expected that the Accords would have blown over quickly once people realized how restrictive and dangerous they were, and that they would be able to go back home, back to being Avengers, soon. It hadn’t happened. After getting the rest of his team out of the Raft, they had come back to Wakanda to regroup and then… they’d just stayed. At first it had been fine, a little breathing room as they waited for the Wakandan doctors to fix Bucky and for the worst of the media frenzy to die down. But Bucky was still in cryo (the doctors kept saying they were working on a cure) and the media was still on the Accords side. Steve had stopped watching TV months ago, tired of the vitriol against him and his friends from people who had no understanding of what had really happened, who didn’t seem to grasp that the Avengers were there to protect them.
Then Sam had told them that the Avengers were back in business: Tony, Rhodes, Vision, Bruce and Hope van Dyne with a suit similar to Scott’s. Scott had taken that pretty hard, and for a long time he had stayed in his room and refused to have anything to do with the rest of them. He was still distant and hardly spent any time with them anymore.
Steve had expected that the “New Avengers” wouldn’t last, that Tony wouldn’t be able to keep them going without the rest of them there to get things done, but so far he seemed to be holding on. Steve had waited for Tony to call, carrying the phone with him for weeks after that, only to be disappointed with the continuing silence.
“We need to do something, we can’t just stay here forever,” Wanda said, for what was probably the hundredth time. She was constantly demanding they do something, though she had yet to provide a single suggestion as to what exactly it was that they should do.
“Like w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & New Avengers
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Cap is full of shit
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Pro-Accords
POV Multiple
Instrospection
actions have consequences
steve gets punched in the face

fandom: 
Tony Stark & New Avengers
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

