Chapter 1: so he's a bit of a fixer upper
    




Chapter Text

The first time James Buchanan Barnes is hospitalized for hypothermia he is three months old. It’s June and the sun is beating down on the brick buildings of Brooklyn, making it feel like the inside of a stone oven. His ma, elated with her first child, goes to get him out of the back of her car, only to find him cold and blue in his carseat. She rushes him to the hospital, where the doctors are baffled by his condition. The only possible explanation is the mirroring effect - somewhere out there his soulmate must have been very cold indeed. 

That it happens once is strange, but not all that notable. People have suffered all sorts of things across the bond, and he’s not the first to get chilled because their soul mate is cold. 

But it doesn’t just happen once. 

Bucky Barnes is admitted to the hospital suffering from hypothermia at least twice a year for the next twenty-two years. In fact, when he’s three, he visits the hospital on no less than eleven occasions, each time blue and cold to the touch no matter what the weather is outside. The hypothermia is worse when it’s cold outside, of course, but it can be deep in the dog days of summer when people crowd the movie theatres and ice cream parlors, and Bucky will be tucked into a sweater and two pairs of socks. 

When he’s seven, his parents move to Arizona, hoping the heat there will keep the cold of his bond at bay. And while it does help, there’s no stopping the cold that creeps into Bucky’s bones from nowhere at all. 

They see specialists and experts, but the only way to treat a mirroring ailment is to treat Bucky’s soulmate, and they’re nowhere to be found. His parents register Bucky with every matching service there is. When he’s ten, they even hire a private eye, but they have no luck. 

When Bucky is eighteen, he insists on moving back to New York. His mother is, understandably, infuriated. But Bucky knows that’s where he needs to be and no one will convince him otherwise. Bucky’s ma isn’t about to let him go off where he might catch his death of cold, and his whole family follows him back to New York just as they’d followed him to the heat of Arizona. 

Things stay pretty much the same until shortly after Bucky’s twenty-second birthday. He’s in his last year at Columbia, where he’s studying mechanical engineering. It’s April and, while spring has definitely arrived, the sun is still weak and the breeze still cool. Bucky’s tucked up into a thick jacket and is wearing gloves and a knit cap that his Bubbe made him. Locals look at him askance, as they’re out in force in shorts and t-shirts. And while 65 may feel wonderfully warm to New Yorkers after a long, hard winter, Bucky can’t begin to strip his layers until it’s 

at least 

70. His closest friends know the reasons Bucky stays bundled up, but he lets acquaintances blame his odd habits on the thinning of his blood from too many years spent in the Arizona desert. 

He’s out at the park, joining his friends in enjoying the spring sunlight with a boisterous game of ultimate frisbee, when he starts to sweat. 

Bucky has never sweat in his life. At least, not without a fever. Not even the glaring summer heats of Arizona could make Bucky feel hot. He was perhaps the only child who relished the 105 degree days, and often he was the only child out playing. His sisters would join him for short spans, before they disappeared back into the air conditioned house. Bucky had mostly played on his own, in those days, enjoying being outside in shorts and a t-shirt, feeling pleasantly warm and content. It had, perhaps, been a lonely childhood, but it was better than the chronic hypothermia he’d faced in New York. 

Bucky doesn’t even realize what’s happening at first - he’s deep in the game of ultimate and generally doesn’t pay that much attention to his body unless it’s telling him that he’s dangerously cold. Shivers and teeth chattering are part of Bucky’s near daily experience. It’s when the shivering stops and his hands start to turn a little blue and he starts getting tired that he pays attention. 

The game comes to a stop and he jogs over for his water bottle. Imani, one of his friends, comes up besides him and frowns. She’s got dark skin, a multitude of braids, a heart the size of New York, and a mind so sharp it could cut glass, and Bucky’s always a little bit in awe so her. They’ve known each other since freshman year and she was the one who called 911 for him when they went out drinking on New Year’s Eve and he’d stumbled into a snowbank. 

“Bucky, you’re 

sweating

!” She says incredulously. She lifts her hand to his face and her eyebrows shoot up. “You’re hot!”

“Why thank you,” he says playfully.

 She rolls her eyes and bats at his shoulder. “I mean it Bucky, you feel really warm.” 

“I guess I feel a little hot,” Bucky says, though he doesn’t really have experience with that particular sensation. He unzips his jacket. 

“You’re all pin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmate AU
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Bucky is an Awkward Millennial
Shy Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Virginity Hangups
First Time
Explicit Consent
Enthusiastic Consent
Awkward Flirting
Awkward Sexual Situations
Awkward Boners
Everybody is Awkward AF okay?
Frozen references
This Is Incredibly Self-Indulgent
Minor Injuries
Non-Graphic Medical Care
the bad guys have religious motivations
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Everyone Gets a Letter from LGBTQIA
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

