Work Text:
Tony eyed his opponent warily as he carefully circled to the left. His back still ached from the hard throw he'd suffered earlier, and he was well aware that he'd be feeling every bump and bruise from this encounter in the morning. His opponent was quick and strong, not to mention ruthless at pressing his advantage and Tony knew, after several years, that he was completely untrustworthy when it came to situations like this.Regardless of all of that, Tony was grinning exuberantly. He hadn't enjoyed himself this much in far too long.He blinked away a drop of sweat as it rolled down from his forehead, not taking his eyes off of the other man. His shoulders were beginning to protest at the lengthy fight, the tension that filled him bunching up beneath his shoulder blades as he kept his hands up, not missing the impatient frown on the face of the man across from him, and he lunged.Twenty seconds later, he was wondering if adding some sort of motivational artwork to the ceiling would make it any more interesting. He'd already memorized how many tiles it was comprised of, although that didn't stop him from automatically beginning to count them all over again as he tried to catch his breath, wincing at the ache in his ribs."Too slow, Tony," Steve grinned down at him. The bastard was barely even sweating, Tony noticed absently, trying not to notice Steve's body pressed against his as Steve held him pinned down. Steve shifted his weight, standing up and leaning down slightly to offer a hand to him. There had been a time when Tony would have resented the gesture, but that time was long past. Instead, he rolled his eyes, then reached up and clasped Steve's hand, ignoring the heat from the strong grasp, and let Steve pull him upright again."Everybody's too slow compared to you," Tony griped, wiping the sweat from his face. Steve laughed and Tony found himself smiling reflexively at the sound."Maybe, but today is all about you," Steve replied, his blue eyes twinkling. Tony put on his best long-suffering expression, not missing the way that Steve's lips twitched, and looked heavenward, raising his arms toward the ceiling in a melodramatic pose."Gold help me," he drawled, giving Steve a sidelong glance. The man was watching him with an exasperated expression that did nothing to hide the amused affection beneath. The sight warmed Tony a little and he added in a stage whisper, "What did I ever do to deserve this?""You asked me to spar with you," came the prompt reply, and Tony sighed."I did, didn't I? I must've been insane," he said, not quite able to hide the curl of his lips. "Does temporary insanity excuse me from sparring practice with Captain America?"A snort was his only answer, and Steve moved away from him to resume his ready position, waiting expectantly. Tony shook his head, but raised his hands again. This time, he thought, he'd just go for it. None of his planning or tactics ever seemed to work with Steve, so what the hell?With that in mind, he swung at Steve, using his expected dodge to get closer in before attempting a leg sweep. Steve sidestepped easily and Tony narrowed his eyes. At the very least, the man could occasionally look like he hadn't anticipated every move Tony made before Tony had even thought about them!Moving in again, Steve caught him by surprise with a quick twist and a sidestep that left him looking at empty space. Whirling around, Tony led with a kick toward where he knew Steve would be. He grinned again as it connected with a solid thud, but Steve dropped down, rolled, and grabbed -- and Tony found himself immobilized. With one hand wrapped around his fingers, forcing them back toward his wrist, and the other at his throat, he knew that he could drop out of the hold, but only at the cost of more pain than a simple sparring session was worth.Swallowing, very much aware of Steve's fingers pressing against the too-fast pulse in his throat, he raised his eyes to meet Steve's. The smartass comment on his lips faded at the blazing fury he saw there, and he blinked, wondering wildly what the hell he could have done to piss Steve off that badly while they were sparring. He wasn't that bad any more -- Steve had spent the last few years making sure of that, after all.An uncomfortable silence grew between them as Tony stared mutely at his friend, at a complete loss for words. He was increasingly aware of the closeness of Steve's body, the heat radiating between them, their thin workout clothes doing nothing to muffle the effect, and of the indefinable smell of leather and sweat that always said "Steve" in his mind. Trying to rein in his wandering thoughts, Tony swallowed again as he tried to think of something, anything, to say. Steve's sudden sigh surprised him and Steve shook his head slowly at Tony's expression."Tony..." Steve paused, and Tony could almost hear him thinking, considering different statements and discarding them. He realised he was holding his breath and forced himself to r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Identity Porn
PWP
First Time
Secret Identity

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

