Work Text:
"Peg, come on! I promise you, this one is big!" Howard exclaimed, dragging her to his lab.Peggy sighed. Howard had been trying to get her active and doing something since the war, since Steve. His latest ploy was showing her whatever he was building at the time. Peggy had to admit, the man was insufferable, but in an endearing way. She sighed and followed."As big as your flying car idea?" She asked, the sarcasm dripping from her voice.Howard scowled. "That has promise... It just needs tinkering. This however, this is better." He assured her. The agent rolled her eyes.Once they were down in the lab, Howard grabbed some small silver box-like thing. "This. This could change the world, Peg, I'm telling you!" The genius insisted.She sighed, pursing her lips. "Well what does it do?" She begrudgingly asked.Howard grinned deviously. "Time travel, Peg. Time travel."Peggy snatched the box from his hands. "You've gone mad, haven't you? Get some sleep, Howard. Enough fantastical ideas." She snapped.The genius looked scandalized. "Peggy, it's not crazy!" He tried to tug the box from her hands. "I swear it-" In their struggle, a button was hit. The box started making noises. Howard paled. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but I really hope what I built doesn't work." He squeaked.Peggy was about to berate him again, but then there was a flash of light. She swore it felt like something that would be described in a book, her body tingled and she couldn't see or feel anything around her. She tried to scream for Howard, but her voice wouldn't work.Then it was over. As soon as it had began, it seemed to finish. Peggy cautiously opened her eyes. What the bloody hell?She was on a street, but everything was wrong. The people looked different, colors were bright and everywhere, and she didn't know where to look. It felt like a dream. It had to be dream. If it wasn't, she would kill Howard."Oh my god. Peg. Peggy it worked! Look! It worked. This... This has to be the future!" Howard exclaimed from beside her. He was beside himself with excitement.Peggy drew a deep breath. "Howard. Please tell me you know when we are." She said quietly. She didn't want to believe he was right, but there was no better answer."I... Well... It was a prototype." Howard said quietly, trying to defend himself.Peggy stared at him. "Do you mean to say you haven't the slightest clue when you blasted us to, and we're stuck here?" She demanded. Howard shrugged. "Damnit Howard! This is the worst mess you've gotten me into!"  Nick Fury was having a bad day. An intern had doused him in hot coffee, a science lab had exploded, and that was before he had even gotten to his damned office. So granted, he wasn't surprised when a scientist called him down to a different lab for something."What the hell is so important that I had to come down here in person?" Nick demanded, crossing his arms.The girl flinched. "Well, sir, we've picked up unusual energy signatures in New York City. Two, they look like people." She explained shakily."Extraterrestrial? Mutant?" Nick asked.She shook her head. "Doesn't seem so, sir. It's... difficult to explain. They're normal people, but not from here. Well, if the theory is correct, not from now is the more correct term." She tried to explain.Nick closed his eye. Time travel? Seriously? What, were they going to show in a blue phone booth? He had dealt with Asgardians, super soldiers, Hulks, and yet this job still managed to surprise him. God he needed to fucking retire. "Get me a jet, someone. I'm going to personally go say hello to our new friends." He growled. There was a chorus of "yes sir" and Nick stormed off. When he got to the location he was given some tracker to follow the energy signatures, but in hindsight he didn't need it. It wasn't hard to pick out a man and woman looking like they came straight from 1940 arguing in the middle of the street. Nick almost stabbed himself in his good eye when he realized they were a young Howard Stark and Peggy Carter. God, he wasn't paid enough for this job."Excuse me!" He called out. "But you seem a little lost. Any chance I can help you get back to where, or should I say, when you're from?" Nick asked, narrowing his eyes as he walked towards them. Howard and Peggy spun around to face him. Peggy took in the sight of the man before her, African American, black clothing, an eye patch, and looking very annoyed. He had his arms folded and glared at them with one eye."And who are you?" Peggy demanded, refusing to be intimidated by this man."Nick Fury, Director of  Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division. SHIELD, if you prefer." He said, smirking slightly, as if he found something funny.Peggy tilted her head to the side. "I haven't heard of it. Is it something new? A government division?" She asked.The man actually laughed. "Of course you haven't heard of it, Agent Carter. You haven't founded it yet. And no, not quite government. When exactly are you two from?" He
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers - past

freeform: 
Angst
Time Travel
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Some Humor
some canon divergence
I Don't Even Know
Peggy feels
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Hurt Tony Stark
Established Relationship
Nick Fury Swears
Dum-E Is Cute
What Was I Thinking?
I'm Bad At Tagging

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers - past

