Chapter 1: Lost and Found
    




Chapter Text
It’s funny what you remember sometimes, and what you forget. Clint remembers it happened on a Wednesday. Movie night. Stupid, right? Who cares about movie night when your teammate has disappeared? 
 
But it’s Clint’s turn to choose, and he has the movie all picked out: Pulp Fiction. It’s the perfect revenge on Steve, who made them all suffer through The Little Mermaid the previous week. Clint is really looking forward to watching Steve wince at every swear word. He even warned Bucky ahead of time about a few scenes so he didn’t jump out of his skin like he had when DiCaprio got shot in The Departed—also one of Clint’s picks, which is why he was tasked with scraping Bucky off the ceiling. Clint learned his lesson on that.
 
When they get a call out halfway through the first scene, Clint is already annoyed, partly at the anonymous tipster who reported a hydra cell half-way up a cliff in the Adirondacks so they need all the flyers, and partly at Steve who insists Clint come along as spotter. Steve goes along too, which meant either he is going to be pestering Clint constantly for updates, or someone, probably Sam, is gonna to have to carry him around in that stupid harness thing, like an enormous baby in a front pack. Sam had offered Clint a ride one time. No fucking way. 
 
Bucky declines (AKA throws a pillow at Steve) when Steve asks if he wants to come along, which proves to Clint that Bucky has more sense than the rest of them put together, even though they usually have to pry the words out of his mouth with a crowbar.
 
In the jet, before they even leave the helipad, Steve reminds Thor (for the umpteenth time) to keep his comms in and let them know when he’s going to be out of sight. 
 
“Thor, we can’t help you if we can’t see or hear you,” Steve says in that overly-patient tone. Clint has been on the receiving end of that tone a time or two himself, so he’s got some sympathy for Thor. 
 
“I am the god of thunder. I have no need for a nursemaid,” Thor replies mildly. Clint reflects that Thor is keeping his temper quite nicely, probably because he has no idea he already has a nursemaid. A huge Star-Spangled nursemaid who can’t even control his own fucking hair, much less a team of misfits such as the Avengers, but that doesn’t stop him from trying.
 
 “Well, you got lost last time, so—“
 
“I was not lost!” Ah, there’s the heat. A trio of little puffy clouds scuttle past the windshield, so Thor is still keeping himself under control, which is a nice improvement from a few months prior. “I am not responsible for the simple fact that Clint moved the jet while I was away.”
 
Nuh-uh. No way is Clint letting Thor get away with that, even if it means risking a thunderstorm. “No I didn’t,” he throws back over his shoulder from his seat in the cockpit. “It was right where we left it.”
 
“When I returned, the jet was not where it had previously been.”
 
“That’s because you were looking in the wrong place!”
 
“Ok, ok, it doesn’t matter,” Steve says in that overly-patient tone, like both of them are acting like children, when it’s clearly Thor who is wrong. “Just keep your earpiece in this time and there won’t be any problems.”
 
“It is uncomfortable,” Thor grumps, then quickly adds, “But I will try to keep it in.” Clint can’t see their faces, but he assumes Steve used “The Eyebrows of Disappointment”, which are highly effective, even, apparently, with Norse gods.
 
 
 
It doesn’t take them long to figure out that their anonymous tipster was right. Clint has his hands full identifying hostiles and pointing them out to his teammates in the air, which is made more difficult by the fact that Tony will. not. shut. up.
 
“So, Point Break,” Tony says over the comms, “I was thinking tomorrow we could run some more tests on your new hammer. Maybe head out to the midwest and see what she can do. I was considering calling her Ultie. What do you think of that name? Better than ‘Ultimate Mjolnir’. Now that’s a mouthful.”
 
“Shut up, Tony. Sam, Two o’clock.”
 
“I see it.” Sam dodges and weaves while Clint looses a couple of arrows to take out the sniper.
 
“Ok, clear. Vision, do you—“
 
“Yo, Thor,” Tony interrupts, “you still haven’t told me what you think of my plan. Sound good to you? We could make a stop on the way back. I know this place that has homemade peanut butter and jelly ice cream that’s to die for.”
 
“Seriously, Tony, shut it. Vision, do you see the entrance to the cave about twenty feet to your right? I think that’s where they’re coming from.”
 
“I see it, Clint.”
 
“Ok.” Clint scouts the side of the cliff and spots another cave above where Sam is picking up Steve. No activity, but it’s worth checking out. “Sam, can you—“
 
“I’m not getting a response from Thor. Legolas, what do your elf-eyes see?”
 
“Tony, I’m busy!”
 
“Cut the chatter, Tony,” Steve interrupts. “Clint, finish your sentence.”
 
“Sam, there’s a cave entrance about fifty feet above you. Can you and front-
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor & Clint Barton
Thor & James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
de-aged Thor
Widdle Four
Uncle Cwint
Protective Clint
uncle Bucky
Protective Bucky Barnes
Team as Family
Past Sexual Assault
no graphic descriptions
No pairings - Freeform
Hurt Thor (Marvel)
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Protective Thor
Good Dad Clint
Specious Science
Articulation errors
Nightmares
Four needs a 'nuggle

fandom: 
Thor & Clint Barton
Thor & James "Bucky" Barnes

