Work Text:
Rhodey has been friends with Tony long enough to know that there are some things you just don’t ask questions about. There are about a billion things going on in Tony’s head at once, which works out fine if you don’t add aliens and super-villains and governments that want to control your every move into the mix; then there’s too much sensory overload. He and Tony have developed this system over the years that whenever Tony is troubled by something he tries to hide it, and Rhodey subtly picks and prods at it until Tony finally gives in and they talk. It makes it seem like Tony has control over the situation when Rhodey really holds all the power.But the system is faulty. Sometimes Rhodey gets too caught up in federal business to really sit down and talk, sometimes Tony is too busy saving the world or fight off aliens to hash things out. It’s been a crazy world since The Incident (code for the aliens in New York, Tony’s idea) and sometimes Rhodey can’t keep up with what shit his best friend is pulling out next.That’s why he finds out about Spider-Man purely by accident.Since The Incident, crazier people are coming out of the woodworks. It seems like now every guy with a gun thinks he can rule the world and go up against the Avengers. Getting called in as Iron Patriot to stop a terrorist is almost routine for Rhodey on a Tuesday. He’s in the suit and flying in pursuit of a hyjacked bus full of civilians in Queens, which is barreling down a street going top-notch speeds that could kill everyone onboard in one single impact.Flying up next to the driver’s window, Rhodey calls to the masked driver, “Stop the vehicle.” When the view screen of the suit zooms in on the diver’s hand, which is holding a gun to a civilian’s head, he adds, “Drop the weapon and back away.”The bad guy, like most in situations of this nature, doesn’t listen. Rhodey boosts the thrusters in the suit and swings to the front of the vehicle, catching the bus by the front bumper. He lifts the top half off the ground, the wheels spinning helplessly as it tries to accelerate.Rhodey drops the bus and almost casually swoops down to the side, blasting through the door and landing in front of the driver. He’s still in the chair, but now has one arm wrapped around the civilian’s throat and the other keeping the gun pointed at his hostage’s side. Said hostage is a kid with swoopy brown hair, looking barely old enough to be a teenager. His eyes go wide when he sees the Iron Patriot suit.“Whoa,” the kid gasps. “Colonel Rhodes—““What did I say about running your mouth?” the masked man snaps, tightening his grip on the kid’s neck so hard that he chokes. “This is what happens to smartasses who try to be heroes.”Rhodey already has weapons locked on to the man’s head, but he figures he’ll ask nicely again. “Drop him and the weapon, then get out of this bus before I shoot you in the face.”The man sneers behind the mask and says, “You want him so bad, take him.” He whirls the kid around and kicks him at Rhodey, the gun raised. Rhodey fires from one of the suit’s gauntlets, knocking the man through the other side of the bus and catches the kid, all in one move.“Everybody out!” Rhodey calls, releasing the kid and backing out of the bus door to make room for people to file out. As other civilians frantically scurry off the vehicle and away onto the street, Rhodey calls in to the governmental comms and says, “Threat neutralized. No casualties but request paramedics to check for injuries.”It seems he speaks too soon, because a moment later he watches as the kid who was held hostage comes stumbling out of the bus, clutching at his side. His side, which was blooming red across his light blue T-shirt.“Shit.”He acts fact, darting forward and catching the kid before he falls. He must have gotten shot the second before Rhodey blasted the criminal away. When the kid finds himself being laid down on the ground, his eyes go dazed for a second before they focus on the mask.“Mi-Mister Colonel Rhodes,” the kid stutters, staring down at his side in bewilderment. “I think I got shot.”“Don’t worry,” Rhodey says, his tone calm and reassuring, “An ambulance is coming. They’ll help you, just keep your hands right there and try to keep pressure on them.” Rhodey lifts one of the suits hands and presses it firmly over the kid’s own hands, putting more pressure on his wound.The kid winces and cries out. “I was—I was trying to k-keep him focused on me an-and not on anybody else. Didn’t want anyone to get hu—hurt.”Something about him seems familiar, but Rhodey can’t quite put his finger on it. Brushing the feeling off, Rhodey says warmly, “You did a great job. Real super work. No one got hurt except you, and you’re gonna be fine, I promise.”The kid nods and mumbles, “Wouldda been easier if I—there were too many people, I couldn’t—someone would see—” He breaks off and moans again, taking his hands off his side and weakly trying to push Rhodey away. “’M fine, fine, re-really.”Rhodey 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Father-Son Relationship
Worried Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Rhodey is So Done
Hurt Peter Parker
Gunshot Wounds
If Tony is Peter's Dad then Rhodey is Peter's exasperated Uncle
Humor
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Whump
Whump

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

