Work Text:

  Two young women, both wearing strapless dresses loomed overly close to Tom as he sipped a glass of aged red wine at the bar. They giggled, eyes rolling in the back of their heads exaggerated-dumbly as if imitating Jessica Simpson, being sure to arch their burly breast as close as they could muster to Tom's face.The bleached blonde with extreme split ends asked in a perky tone, a tone that was obviously fake, "So Tom, what is your favorite music?" As if she cared...as if she even listened to his reply.The redhead giggled loudly, "Oh my God, I have all of M83s hits! I adore them! It is amazing how much we have in common!", trying to suck up. She probably had never even heard of M83.Tom wrinkled his eyebrows, he wasn't so sure about that, but being the gentleman that he was, he smiled. The two intoxicated women burst forth with laughter, purposely clasping his shoulder as if they were suffering from a blissful frenzy and could not contain themselves.After several more ridiculously fangirl conceived questions, a security guard, employed by the production, managed to shoo them away, but not before both slipped their numbers in his shirt pocket.He grinned at Tom, "Sorry, I am not sure how they got in here. It's production workers only tonight."Tom smiled. "They were no problem."Tom turned back to his wine, a cocky smile etching his lips. One glance at the woman a few chairs down and his smile melted. She shook her head, her brows arched, as if mocking him. She was one of the set's makeup girls. She had maked him over only once, but he could not recall her name. They had barely even spoken."What?" Tom chuckled."I did not utter a word." She replied, smugly."You did not have to, your expression spoke for you. You think I like that. You think I am one of those egoistic actors who gets off on fans flaunting over me."Now she smiled, "I did not say that, you did. You do know that it is not you though, that it is the characters you portray that they are infatuated with. Do you see that nerdy guy in the back?" She pointed toward the back of the hotel's bar to a lone redheaded boy littered with freckles and donning thick glasses. He served on set in tech."Yes, what about him?""Well he could play Loki or Prince Hal, and they would still swoon over him and slip him their numbers.""Ah, now, come on." he chuckled, moving to sit beside her. "It has to be me a little." To the bartender, he said "Two shots, please.""Why are you ordering me a shot?" She asked, arching her brows again with the same demeanor she used to mock him."Because I like you talking to me." He winked. She was cute, sassy, but cute.She downed the shot. "Ok then, so how many times have you been seduced by one of those empty-headed, full bosom fangirls" His eyes immediately fell to her petite cleavage. " and lured to her room, only to disappoint her that it was Tom she screwed and not Loki?""What makes you think Tom is a disappointment?""I never implied that. I am just saying that they want twisted, sadistic Loki and not Tom, the actor. The actor who coordinates his fights, utilizes wires to fly, and is best friends with his stunt double.""So you would come up to my room if Loki asked you, but not if Tom asked you?"She glanced away, blushing. "I never said I liked Loki. I said fangirls admire him."Tom gently captured her chin. "You did not have to say it, your eyes sparkle when you say his name."She laughed, "You are drunk.""And so are you.""What makes you say that?" She did not try to break the grasp he held on her chin.He caressed her face, slow and seductive. She had silky flesh, it was hard not to desire to touch her. "Because I have never seen you utter more than a few words on set and tonight you openly tease me. Now answer my question, would you come up to my room if Loki asked you?"Still unable to look him in the eyes, she admitted, "Maybe, if you were Loki, the god of trickery and mischief.""But not for Tom?"Ignoring his question, she bit her lip, removed her chin from his entrapment and finished her drink."I see. You think Tom is a boring bloke and there is no way that under this average joe appeal, that I could be a sadistically twisted pervert.""Something like that." She said, standing.Tom threw some money on the bar, following her. "But I guess you draw to this conclusion from experience."She stopped, cocking her head. "What do you mean?"Now it was his turn. He smirked. "Well being a makeup girl, I am sure you have had your fair share of actors."Shocked and a bit angry, she exclaimed in a voice trying to mask her anger. "I cant believe you just said that! No, I don't know from experience."They waited as a couple walked out of the elevator before boarding. Once inside they both laughed, but then Tom's laughter faded, his facial expression growing serious. "There was a reason I was picked out of 84 auditions for Loki's role."Her smile diminished. "And why was that?"Tom smirked, looming a good foot above her head, as if imitating her. "Com
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Smut
Oral Sex
Orgasm
Fucking
Breast Fucking
Drunk Sex
Porn
Rough Sex
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki - Freeform
tom hiddleston - Freeform
Loki Fucks Hard
Tom Hiddleston Fucks Hard

fandom: 
Tom Hiddleston/Original Female Character(s)

