Work Text:
It starts slowly and, with all the aftermath to deal with, Tony doesn’t really realizes something has changed. Tony has always been adored by people, specially because of all the technology he offered the government and how those creations kept the American people safe. But this is different; a little stronger and kinder.Someone on Twitter calls it a Civil War and it sticks. The hashtag trends for a full week and the media fuss about it for over a month. Tony heard of it, of course he has, but he didn’t realise it was about Steve and the others (“Kid, how would I know! I thought that the Hamilton guy, Lin something, was doing a new musical or something!”).Pete’ is the one who shows him and Rhodes insists he has to see it (“you’re very nice buddy but I don’t feel like dealing with asshles right now”). They ignore his protests with a knowing smile and that’s how he finds himself, sat on the couch with Peter by his side and Rhodes in his chair, a few inches from him, while FRYDAY shows him the most popular posts under that tag. There are thousands, millions, billions of posts and fanart and even videos discussing what happened in the previous weeks.People no longer call Steve Captain America or The First Avenger. They call him Rogers, with the same kind of spite and anger they would use when talking about a criminal. They accuse him of being a threat to the free world; of abusing the power he was given; of betraying the American ideals.They see the videos and photos of Rhodey’s fall (“I’m not certain how they got those pictures, sir. I believe they might have hacked the security cameras from the airport”) and they go crazy. His Twitter profile gained over 5k followers in the night the video was uploaded and a sht ton of fanart is submitted, in an effort to show love. The video is also retweeted and people tag NATO and other official profiles from different organizations and plea for Sam Wilson to be found and held responsible for Rhodey’s injuries.(Tony thought about stepping in on this one because Wilson really looked upset when he saw Rhodes on the ground but he doesn't brings himself to actually do it. Both Tony and Rhodes, and even Vision, gave their testimonies about what happened that day and, if NATO or the UN decide Wilson must be blamed for it, they will know.)Someone (Tony suspects it was an inside job but their people on the UN say it was a hacker) leaked photos from the official process and everyone can see the marks of Captain America Rogers’s shield on his armour. They remember his injuries in Afghanistan (nothing was ever confirmed but people could see the arc reactor and a few theories circuled the internet after his return) and that’s how #ProtectTonyStark is born. The fans call themselves the “Tony Stark defense squad” which makes Tony laugh for the first time since this stupid war started.But the most interesting part of this whole thing is that it works.The few magazines and individuals who go against Tony are received with so much hate that they are forced to publicly apologize or delete their social media.People sheer him and Rhodes on, screaming for “Tony” and “Rhodey” instead of iron man or war machine.They buy Tony’s publicly accessible tech (like phones and tablets and small stuff) and go to inaugurations for new production centers for Stark Industries and charity events.Countries all over the world sign contracts with him, not because of his weapons, but because of his clean energies program and medical engineering advances.Pete comes home (“he’s not your kid, Tony. He just kinda likes you. Don’t get yourself too attached”) laughing because parents and schools and psychologists from all over the country are signing a petition to stop schools from showing propaganda featuring Steve or any of the rogue avengers and from removing and ceasing all merchandise with their faces on.(Tony laughs too when, a month later, this actually happens and soccer moms all over the world take deep breaths, knowing their kids won’t have to see war criminals themed merchandise)On the other side, Iron man, the War Machine and Spiderman have more merch than ever. There are lots of Tony Stark! and Rhodes! toys, plushies and t-shirts too. They all sell like crazy and Tony can’t go outside without spotting someone proudly wearing something with his face on.When the rogue avengers come back and Tony, Rhodes, Pete, Vision and the Guardians have to work with them in order to stop Thanos, things have changed. They don’t understand why and they don’t like it but the people won’t let them hurt Tony again. Because it was Tony who stood up for the people. It was Tony who fought and almost died to protect their interests. It was Tony who signed first when told they didn’t feel safe anymore. And they love him for it.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Tony Stark & Avengers
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Pepper Pots
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Quill
Tony Stark & Guardians Of The Galaxy
Tony Stark & JARVIS
Tony Stark & Bots

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Headcanon
Healing
Mental Health Issues
Self-Esteem Issues
team as a family
Rogue Avengers
Anti-Team Cap
Team Bonding
Team Fluff
dad tony stark
I Don't Even Know
How Do I Tag
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
I Blame Tumblr
confused author is confused
Author loves to chat in the Comments
Not Beta Read
Fix-It of Sorts
Post-Canon Fix-It
Cheesy title is cheesy
POV Third Person
POV Third Person Omniscient

fandom: 
past Tony Stark & Avengers
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Pepper Pots
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Quill
Tony Stark & Guardians Of The Galaxy
Tony Stark & JARVIS
Tony Stark & Bots

