Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 I woke slowly, sleep drifting away bit by bit. I yawned and stretched. That was when I first noticed something was off – I couldn’t quite stretch properly. My limbs wouldn’t move exactly as I meant them to. I tried to lift a hand to my face to rub my eyes, but my hands wouldn’t budge. They were restrained somehow. I jerked fully awake in sudden alarm. I was in an unfamiliar room, my wrists and ankles bound to each corner of the large bed on which I found myself. I was spread-eagled on my back, completely naked, and I had no idea how I’d got here, or where ‘here’ was. I tugged experimentally at the ropes binding me. I was tightly tied – there was no possibility of escape. I took several deep breaths, trying not to panic, and thought hard. The last thing I remembered was falling asleep in Loki’s bed ... Of course! Loki! This must be one of his tricks. “My lord?” I said tentatively. There was no response, so I called out more loudly: “My lord! Loki!” “Ah, she’s awake,” said a voice in the next room. Not Loki’s voice, but one I recognised. It was Iron Man himself, Tony Stark. “We’d best go greet our little plaything.” Plaything? My heart began to beat faster in excitement. Loki had involved the Avengers in our sex life once before. Perhaps that was his game – we were going to have some fun with them again. A door opened and Stark strolled in, followed by Steve Rogers, Bruce Banner, Clint Barton, and Thor. “Well, hello, little lady,” said Stark, grinning at me. The grin unnerved me slightly. He didn’t look like he was playing a role. He looked lustful, and a little crazy. “Er ... hi,” I said uncertainly, squirming on the bed as I instinctively, and pointlessly, tried to cover my nakedness. “Where’s Loki?” “Your so-called master isn’t here, little slave,” said Stark. “You’re the Avengers’ toy now.” I froze. “What?” I said. The excitement was draining rapidly from me, and fear was blooming in its place. He sounded so serious. “You’re ... you’re kidding, right?” Stark shook his head, and Rogers spoke up. “I’m sorry we have to do this,” he said, “but we need to find Loki. We must put a stop to his schemes, and he constantly evades us. But we know he’ll come for you, you see.” “Especially if he senses you’re ... fired up,” added Barton with a leer. “You kidnapped me?” I squeaked, really scared now. “Yes,” said Banner, rather apologetically. “You’re the bait.” “You can’t do this,” I said, struggling against my bonds with renewed vigour. “You’re supposed to be the good guys!” “Oh, we aren’t gonna hurt you,” said Stark, placing a hand on my thigh. I flinched, but the ropes prevented me from pulling away. “We’re just gonna have some fun with you, the way old Reindeer Games does. You’re gonna love it.” A hot, churning sensation crawled through the pit of my stomach. I looked up at Thor. He was Loki’s brother – surely he wouldn’t allow this? “Thor,” I said desperately, “you’re not really going to let a bunch of men assault your brother’s woman, are you?” Stark delivered a stinging slap to my thigh before Thor could respond. “You don’t call him by name,” he ordered. “You address us all as sir, understood?” I glared at him and didn’t answer. Stark raised his hand, threatening to strike me again, and repeated: “Understood?” “Yes ... sir,” I ground out, and looked back at Thor pleadingly. “I don’t think it counts as assault if you like it,” he said. “You’re a cock-loving little slut, as I know first hand. You had rather a good time with myself and Fandral only a couple of months ago.” “But ... but that was at Loki’s command!” I protested. “He shared me with you, he was there! He let you, we let you ...” “You loved it,” said Thor bluntly. “Because he was involved!” I cried. “I agreed to it because it was part of our ... our sex-play. I didn’t agree to this. This is rape. Please, Thor – sir – don’t do this, don’t let them ...” Thor turned away indifferently. “He’ll kill you!” I screamed. “You know he will! Loki will come for me, and he’ll kill you all!” “Gag her,” said Stark. Barton approached the bed with a ball-gag in his hand. I tried to bite him as he went to put it on me, but Rogers leaned over and wrapped a hand around my throat, pressing me down against the pillows and squeezing just hard enough to subdue me without completely cutting off my breath. This wasn’t right, my brain kept insisting. Captain America, the overgrown Boy Scout, pinning a naked, bound woman to a bed and planning to rape her? It couldn’t be happening. But it was. The gag in place, the two men stepped back. The roiling in my stomach had intensified to the point where I wondered if I was going to vomit. If I did, I would choke. Quivering, I drew deep breaths through my nose, trying to calm myself. Don’t throw up. Don’t throw up. Don’t throw up ... Now that I thought about it, I didn’t actually feel nauseous. The sensation was sickening, but not in that way ... The five men were undressing now. Soon, they were all nude, and ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
OFC/The Avengers
OFC/Tony Stark
OFC/Steve Rogers
OFC/Bruce Banner
OFC/Clint Barton
OFC/Thor
OFC/Loki
OFC/Everyone

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dubious Consent
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Vaginal Fingering
Forced Orgasm
Masturbation
Bukkake
Come Swallowing
Come as Lube
Multiple Partners
Gangbang
Double Penetration
Bondage
Non-Consensual Bondage
Dom/sub
Master/Slave
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Creampie
Shameless Smut
Dirty Talk
Voyeurism
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Triple Penetration
Gags
Multiple Orgasms
Thor has a big dick

fandom: 
OFC/The Avengers
OFC/Tony Stark
OFC/Steve Rogers
OFC/Bruce Banner
OFC/Clint Barton
OFC/Thor
OFC/Loki
OFC/Everyone

