Chapter 1



Notes:
To readers, old and new: thanks for reading! :) Yeah, uh... This fic has really become something, hasn't it? When I first posted, I wasn't really expecting it to become much, but wow. It's a bit of a monster now, isn't it? It's old, too... my writing style is kinda different from this first chapter now... hopefully for the better. :'D 10.15.19 note: This fic is also currently being translated to Portuguese6.12.20 note: As I'm currently on hiatus, I'm going to be combing through the chapters to edit misspellings and old notes! :)11.10.21 note: No longer on hiatus but boy did I not comb through and fix mistakes enough so continue at your own peril. :')




Chapter Text
  
 … 
 
 Blindness.

 Ice flooding my throat, choking out everything that was — because, honestly, I didn’t even realize I was warm before until it was suddenly gone — and surrounding me, sharp and biting. Intense pain, my bones felt like they were being crushed, and a humming all around me that intensified. I didn’t even realize that it was there, just like the warmth, until it was too much. Everything was too much…

 (It hurts!)

 I screamed.

 Are my senses stupidly slow or something today? I thought, because I didn’t realize until I was screaming that someone else was, too.

 And the humming, and low murmuring, assaulted my ears as tears did the same to my eyes. I couldn’t open my eyes for some reason, and it made me scream more because apparently I couldn’t control myself properly, either.

 (It hurts!)

 Noise.

 The screaming of the other stopped, so it was only me. But that stopped, too, when I heard something soothing. It wasn’t as pretty as the humming around me — soft and quiet and, really, barely there — but it was familiar, and with how fucking weird this all was, I craved something familiar. So I quieted down, clamping down some internal urge to keep wailing my head off, and was instantly rewarded with warmth all around me. A different kind of warmth, I think, but it was as close to the before that I would probably ever get, so I let out a sigh of content that I felt all the way down to my bones.

 Okay, this is better. It hurts like a bitch, but this is much better…

 Something grazed my cheek — large and rough-textured — and I frowned, wishing I could see.

 I didn’t like not-seeing. Considering the last thing I remember seeing with my own eyes was my own death, I really didn’t like whatever this was.

 Purgatory? Because if this was hell, I’d think that the intense pain would be more… long-lasting. And if this was heaven, I wouldn’t be in pain in the first place, right? And… Well, I honestly didn’t know any other terms for other religions’ ideas of the afterlife. Valhalla was out, since even I knew that that place was for warriors, and it wasn’t extremely warrior-like to be killed in some stupid-fuck car accident. Nirvana? No, it couldn’t have been… Nirvana was for enlightened people or something, and I was anything but enlightened. I couldn’t even get through high school without anti-depression medication, there was no way I was “enlightened.” OH! Wait, there was one more — limbo was a thing, right? In some religion, it was like…

 Fuck, I didn’t even know.

 Dying sucks. I thought, sighing. But at least the music’s nice.

 It was to that strange humming — all sorts of soft songs, unrecognizable, layered on top of each other and blending strangely but not badly — that I began to drift off, into whatever version of sleep there was after one died.
 
 … 
 
 Black and white blurs.

 My eyes opened and that’s all I could see. The world was made of blobs of grey and black, white shining in my eyes sometimes and making me cringe. I didn’t experience any more intense bouts of pain or cold anymore, though, so maybe I passed some sort of test? And the music had gotten easier to hear, and sometimes I could pinpoint where its source was; different humming got louder depending on where it drifted by, usually all of it above me or sometimes besides me. If the humming was an indication of some sort of after-life ghost-angel-thing, then I was learning to recognize them (there were four I knew very well, three of them much stronger than the fourth). And there was always one present, enough that I sometimes forgot about it — that’s how soft and subtle the humming was, but being dead, I could only really spend my time listening for it.

 Warmth and cool alternated, touching at me randomly; really, this entire after-life shit was random. Random fucking humming, random sensations of touch, random shapes dancing across my eyes — not that I had any physical body anymore, right? — and random… Well, a random after-life. This wasn’t what I learned in those fucking religion classes I’d been forced to take as a kid.

 It might disappoint some people, if they knew that no version of the after-life was quite correct, I thought pityingly.

 But as much as a dead person could sleep and be awake, the random, what-the-fuck-is-this-crap-that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & OC
Harry Potter & Weasley Family
Weasley Family & OC
OC & OC
Sirius Black & Harry Potter

freeform: 
POV Original Character
Original Characters Everywhere
Reincarnation
Good Slytherins
BAMF!Weasleys
No Bashing (intended)
#1 Best Dad Arthur Weasley
Self-Insert
WIP
There's lots of fluff
But there's also DUELS
Slytherins Being Slytherins
World-building EVERYWHERE
My OC is having a hell of a time
Alternate Universe
Explicit Language
Author loves to chat in the Comments
EXTREMELY self-indulgent
Tags Constantly Change
hiatus was 363 days lol but it's OVER

fandom: 
Harry Potter & OC
Harry Potter & Weasley Family
Weasley Family & OC
OC & OC
Sirius Black & Harry Potter

