Chapter 1: First breath
    




Chapter Text
Cap huffed. Peter’s going to be a tougher nut to crack. Cap has been training him and watching him improve is really satisfying. Peter has gained a little more muscle mass and is sweaty and breathing heavily, but he’s no where near Cap’s level of exhausted, with a light bounce still in his agile step. “that’s all cap? Thought you has more in you” Pete said in a mocking tone still breathing heavily. Cap giggles and lunges at Pete once again. A series of punches in quick succession flew at peter, who gracefully caught, dodged and finessed them. Bucky stopped his crunches to applaud. Peter bowed. Cap smiles to himself. Fuck that little shit really knows how to get me up, Steve thought as he readjusted himself. Peter moved on to some weight training with Bucky. Cap had a moment to himself, but he couldn’t take his mind off Peters tight cute ass in his compression shorts. Steve groaned softly and sat on a bench in the gym, checking out peter. He bites his full pink lips, envisioning some really dirty things he wanted to do to the boy. They didn’t build them like this in his day. Peter had a definite boy face that was contorted in the stress of his work out, Steve imagined the same face but in a more erotic situation ( not that the fuckers hot workout wasn’t erotic enough ) gym was not very big and smelled like how a superheroes gym is supposed to smell: manly, deep and raunchy. Peter’s thin workout top was grey and worn, well it wasn’t grey anymore but a charcoal black from the sweat. Steve too was drenched with his light blue V-neck that was one (or two) sizes too small for him. His muscles on full display, bulging pecs and biceps that threatened to tear the shirt. He stank. Plain and simple. Cap grew up in a era where men smelled like men and didn’t give a single shit of what anyone thought. Sure being the puny guy that he was he didn’t give off the musky scent that he does now, but boy does he love to stink like this... Bucky smelled similar to him when they were growing up together, he still does actually (except a bit more metallic). He loved to smell other guys: a sneaky whiff of Tony in passing, Sam’s after run sweat and most amazingly Thor blonde armpits (he figured no deodorant was invented in Asgard). They all smelled amazing and musky... but peter... Peter was different he gave off a nostril burning scent but also something deeper, sweeter and downright sinful. During hand-to-hand Steve would get unnaturally close to Peter and discreetly have a sniff of the pungent pit and nape of this neck. He wore two jockstraps and a pair of oversized boxers when it was his turn to train the young man. But Steve is a gentlemen and never let himself lose control. Apparently no one in the 1920s told him that his ability to smell would also be improved upon. He enjoyed these sessions immensely. He also loved Pete’s dancer feet; they were soft and small compared to his own war calloused feet. They stank worse than his though... it was a shock to him when Peter took off his ratty old sneaker aunt may had bought him like 2 years back and he wore them everyday, everywhere. Cap eyed his feet a great deal and dreamed of the say he helped Peter with his kickboxing (nat handled anything that required kicking higher than 4 feet). Cap sat on the bench transfixed at the small tower of muscle known as Peter Parker. His boner hurt but he could not risk moving and missing this jaw dropping display of upper body strength. He was surrounded in a cloud of his own muskiness. Pete let go of the machine and walked up to Steve who’s eyes were glazed over and jaw a little slack. Peter called him once and he did not stir, Pete snapped his fingers and Steve moved with a start. “What was that?” Peter enquired, eyeing Steve. “Are you okay? Sorry if I over did it today, it’s just that thus is so cool and I really like it here and you’re kinda like me hero and... and” he rambled. Steve cut him off by putting a had on Pete’s sweaty ribcage. Peter stopped and looked at Steve with an unreadable look, he state for a moment and nodded at Steve. “Sorry, I get nervous...” he giggled. Steve reassured him in his most Captainly voice that he deserved to be in the team and it takes a lot more to knock Captain America down, he lied to Pete saying he was spaced out thinking about something he read last night; about the Curiosity Rover singing happy birthday to itself every year on the 5th of August on Mars and how he couldn’t begin to fathom that it was on Mars. Peter giggled at Steve. “I need to catch you up with the times grandpa, anyway I’m going to hit the showers.” Steve blushed (for a few reasons) and smiled at peter. “Are you coming?” Pete asked Steve. Steve was blindsided by the question and mumbled his response; he took a couple steps back and fell onto the bench. Peter’s face pulled into a grin and he helped Steve up. Steve took a deep breath of the boy smell surrounding him in that moment. He smiled awk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers - Relationship
Peter Parker - Relationship
Steve Rogers/Thor
Thor/peter parker/steve rogers

freeform: 
Armpit Kink
Scents & Smells
Scent Kink
Attempted Seduction
Sweat
Foot Fetish
Pervy cap
Not so innocent peter
Peter has just turned 18
musk
Gyms
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Older Man/Younger Man
More characters to come
I'm Sorry
dirty Steve
Thor's a freak
Peter makes everyone a little gay
Steve rogers solo
Butt Plugs
Shoe Kink
Wrestling
Cockblocking
Kinda
Light Dom/sub
Turned into a weird power dynamic
Watersports
Sex Toy Mjolnir
Thor thor thor

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers - Relationship
Peter Parker - Relationship
Steve Rogers/Thor
Thor/peter parker/steve rogers

