Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Five times peter called Tony dad, and one time Tony call Peter ‘son.’
1.
Peter’s day was ruined. 
It wasn’t so bad at first. Actually, it started out as a great day. Aunt May made him some pancakes for breakfast, which were really, really good. He ate a good three, solid plates before he was full. For once, he didn’t nearly miss the bus, which was cool. He even got his chemistry test back, and scored 98%! Who would have thought that with all the vigilante stuff that he would have time to study for anything? Which leads us to now.You know, being shot at by some wacko with a gun, roughly a thousand feet above ground. The usual. He really should have listened to Ned. 
Earlier that day
The library was nearly empty, creating a peaceful area to do homework. It was the best time to be there, no football players to annoy them or to many people to overhear private conversations. And he’s had way to many close calls to be doing homework with Ned in a crowded place. Maybe Ned won’t risk it this time?  “So… What’s knowing Tony Stark like?” Guess not. Sighing, Peter closed his calculus book. Ned probably wasn’t going to let him continue his homework without answers. “Ned, I thought we agreed we don’t talk about this stuff at school?” After that time when Ned blurted out that Peter knew Spiderman in front of everybody, the subject became strictly private. Except Ned conveniently forgets every time.  “Yeah, I know. But what’s his suit like? Have you slept over at his house?” “Ned…”Ned stared at him with large, disturbing, puppy eyes.  He wasn’t going to break. Not this time! “Please peter?”Still staring. Okay, it’s getting creepy. Don't do it Peter. Don’t let Ned convince you. It's just creepy staring.“OK! Ok! Just stop staring at me!” Ned grinned happily, while Peter felt like he dug himself a hole. “Does Mr Stark ever-“VRRRRRHHHPeters phone vibrated. They both ignored it. “-hang out with you outside of missions-“VRRRRRHHHIt vibrated again. “-and play board games or something?” Board games? What?“Er, no.” Peter said. “Mr Stark doesn’t play board games with me, but sometimes we work together in his lab.” Peter offered eventually. Being in the lab with Mr Stark was nice, really nice. Sometimes they talk the whole time. About Aunt May, Spider man, food, school… anything really. But other times they work in silence. They might not talk, but they don’ t really need words to communicate. Peter passes a screwdriver; Tony puts a hand on Peters shoulder. It’s comforting, and he wouldn’t trade it for anything. Its almost like Mr Stark is his da- nope. Not going there. Ned’s eyes light up with excitement as a grin threatens to split his face in half.“Whoa! That’s awesome!” he exclaims, he’s practically vibrating with excitement. Both of them used to be massive fans, not that Peter will ever tell Tony that (or show him his Ironman shirt). VRRRRRHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!The phone once again vibrated. Hmmm, maybe he should check that. 
Peter pulls his phone out of his pocket and checks the notifications, he pulls a face. It doesn’t look good. Ned watches Peter in concern, usually when he got a notification from his phone he gets hurt. “What is it?” he questions.Peter brushes his hair back and gives a small smile. “There’s some kind of crazy guy stealing from a bank, he’s armed.”He had Ned hook his phone up to the police network so it would alert him when something serious happened. Something like a man robbing a bank.  “I don’t know Peter, maybe you shouldn’t do this one? There is the police you know, and its raining.” Ned frowns. The Vulture made Ned realise that the risk of Peter getting hurt was real,  Spiderman was not just a game. Peter stands up and shoves his phone into his pocket.“Ned, I can do this! Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.” Peter says reassuringly. He sounded braver than he felt. He places his book into his back, and starts walking to the exit. “Besides, Karen’s got my back.”And boy would he be in trouble with out her. 
 
5 minuets later Peter was swinging through the streets of New York, dressed in his Spider-Man suit. Or at least he was trying to swing. Rain apparently didn’t agree with his webs.He should probably make his webs water proof. He found that his webs hit the buildings, and hung on for five seconds max before the water washed them off, it made it tricky to move quickly. He already slipped a few times, luckily no one saw him. That would have been embarrassing, Peter swung onto the side of a building and surveyed his surroundings, or at least what he could see. Stupid rain. “Karen, where’s the bank?” Peter asked eventually. A map of New York appeared across his lens, showing where to go from where he is to the bank. “Swing right, then go approximately 300 meters until you reach your destination on the left,” she answered.  Peter smiled in underneath his mask, it's nice to have somebody to rely on, even if it's just an A.I. “Right, thanks Karen!” Having an AI was seriously the best thing ever. T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Uncle Rhodey
Hurt Peter
Ice Cream
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Injury

fandom: 
None
