Work Text:
i. the thing with the movie night cuddling
It all happens a bit suddenly. One Thursday, Michelle is sitting at the end of the table, reading Of Human Bondage and decidedly not listening to Peter and Ned as they talk about how excited they are about marathoning the Harry Potter movies this Saturday. Then the next day Michelle sits down across from them and asks what time she should be over at Peter’s place. And: “What? I like Harry Potter.” And that’s how Michelle joins their every other week movie marathons. (They’re all taking AP classes, they don’t have time for weekly movie marathons right now.)What makes less sense to Ned is when exactly Peter and Michelle started to cuddle at their every other week movie marathons. It starts out subtly. Bodies lined up neatly next to each other. Then a head resting on someone’s shoulder. Then an arm over someone’s shoulders. And then, before Ned can even take the redvines from his backpack, Peter is sitting at one end of the couch while Michelle lies down across it, head in his lap and feet up on couch arm across from Peter. (Damn her legs are long.) And Ned’s just. What the fuck, guys?But Peter and Michelle seem to think everything is fine. When Ned questions it, they just exchange a look, Michelle extending her neck and Peter glancing down. Then they look back at him and Peter shrugs. “It’s comfortable. Besides, we’re friends.” Yeah, sure. Because Peter and Ned put their heads in each other’s laps all the time.But Ned leaves it be. He doesn’t bat an eye when Michelle giggles, Peter trying to stuff popcorn into her mouth, eyes bright as she smacks him on the shoulder. Ned just keeps his eyes focused on the movie playing because he doesn’t have time for this set of friends.ii. the thing with their hairIt starts with Michelle, really. Peter’s lying down, his head on her lap this time as Casablanca plays on the television. (They’re doing a Turner Classic Movies marathon this Saturday.) And then all of a sudden he feels pressure on his scalp and Michelle is running her hands through his hair. When he moves to look up at her, her eyes do not meet his. She’s got her own trained on the movie screen as Humphrey Bogart tells Ingrid Bergman to board the plane or she’ll regret it for the rest of her life. And so Peter goes back to watching the movie. Because her fingers feel nice and it reminds him of when his mom would play with his hair when he was a kid.And then it happens again on the bus to an academic decathlon competition. Peter’s lying his head down on Michelle’s shoulder and she reaches her hand up and starts rubbing his scalp, no big deal. And they’re friends. So it’s all good. She’s doing him a solid because she must have realized that he really likes having his hair played with.Then a few weeks later, they’re both in the library at lunch today because Ned has a doctor’s appointment and got to leave school early. And MJ’s reading The Bluest Eye and Peter can tell she’s super into the book because some of her hair has fallen into her face and she hasn’t pushed it away. She only does that when a book really captivates her. So he does her a solid and stands so he can reach over the table and brush her hair behind her ear. So that she doesn’t have to take her attention away from the book and then her hair isn’t in her line of sight. She glances up for a second, smiles, and says, “thanks, Parker” before going back to Toni Morrison.iii. the thing with the napsPeter doesn’t really think anything of it when Michelle groans mid-Calculus study guide and declares, “I’m taking a break.” And by break, she apparently means nap. Because she walks over to Peter’s bed and pulls his covers back, climbing in and turning on her side. Peter doesn’t think anything of it because Ned sleeps over all the time. Granted, when Ned sleeps over, he does so in the top bunk. Not the bottom bunk, which is exclusively reserved for Peter when it comes to sleeping. But this isn’t that much different, so Peter doesn’t think anything of it.Two weeks later, when Peter’s the one who needed a break and is tucked away under his covers, he hears Michelle groan again. The pads of her feet indicate walking and then the covers are being pulled back and Michelle’s whispering out, “scoot over, loser, I need a break, too.” So Peter scoots over. Because Michelle is his friend. And friends help each other when they need to take a break.So Peter and Michelle start taking naps in Peter’s bed. Sometimes together. But it isn’t really a big deal. Nor is it when, two days later, Peter climbs into bed because he can’t take reading any more about the Antebellum Era. And when Peter wraps his arm around Michelle’s waist, she snuggles back into him. But that’s only because they’re both stressed and it’s November and it’s cold and they’re friends. So they help each other out.iv. the thing with the backrubsThey’re already cuddling when they take naps together, so giving each other backrubs doesn’t really feel like too mu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
non explicit description of sex
have 5600 words of peter and michelle being painfully oblivious

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

