Chapter 1: Today’s problem: A hot and angry Italian woman
    


Summary:


Aunt May catches Peter in his Spider-Man suit and Peter calls Mr. Stark for help. Tony and May discuss the danger of the situation and their possible options. Unknown to Peter who has been sent to his room, there's a special future waiting for him.






Chapter Text


Being a father figure was hard. It was much harder than creating an A.I. or coming up with ideas to save the world. It was even harder than dealing with a demi-god dressed like a grasshopper or carrying a nuke into a space portal. Really, he had thought that he had done it all and seen it all.
Tony sighed as he put up his feet on the coffee table. He wondered if he missed the days when the only hardship was running a multibillion-dollar company in an increasingly competitive era. But no, Peter was an amazing kid and he wouldn’t have it any other way. Besides, it had to be fate if that small kid at the Stark Expo from years ago had somehow gotten back on his radar.
He turned the page of the book ‘When your child is extra special’. It was written by none other than Charles Xavier who ran a school for mutants. While he admitted that the book seemed to cover various topics that could come in handy, he just wasn’t feeling it. He had already read ‘Parenting in the 21st century’ and was yet to read ‘Cry on the inside but smile on the outside’, but did books really help? He was dealing with a 15 year old boy whose biggest weapon was fake spider webs, who thought that he was done with regular education, and who would hack his Spider-Man suit just to keep a dangerous secret.

Ping.

FRIDAY: Sir, incoming call from Peter Parker. It seems urgent, given the speed and pressure he used to press the numbers.
“Patch him through.” Tony sprang up from the couch as he summoned one of his Iron Man suits with his watch. He had left his number with the returned Spider-Man suit. Who knew the kid would’ve needed it right away? “Peter?”
“Mr. Stark! I’m so sorry if this is a bad time and I know you must be super busy but…”
“What’s the emergency?”
“What…? How…? Uh, Aunt May is freaking out. She caught me in my suit.”
“Where is she?”
“In the kitchen.”
“Doing what?”
“Uh, breathing into a take-out bag… Um, do you think you could come over? Please? Maybe explain to her what the Stark Internship is really about?”
“I’m on my way. Don’t let her faint.” Tony ended the call, got into his suit, and flew out the window. There was no time for doors or rooftops.
 

Knock-knock.

Tony had parked his Iron Man suit in the corner of the hall and was standing in front of Miss Parker’s door. He winced as he heard a very angry woman shouting inside. He knocked again and hoped that he wouldn’t have to ring the bell. He felt like the sound of a doorbell –not particularly musical- might aggravate the poor woman.
“Who is it? Such bad timing!”
The door flew open and Tony came face to face with the fire burning in May’s eyes. “Good afternoon, May! Looking lovely as always!” He sniffed the air. “New perfume?”
“Air freshener,” May deadpanned. “Come in, Mister Stark. You're just the man I want to see.”
“Fantastic! And, here I thought we didn't have much of a bond.” He gave her his best smile and took a peek over her shoulder. Peter was sitting on the couch, looking positively terrified. At least he had changed back into regular clothes.
May slammed the door behind her guest, narrowly missing his foot. It only felt slightly satisfying.
Tony gulped and gave Peter a small smile as he sat down next to the boy. He wondered if he could ask for something to drink. Hot and angry women always made him thirsty.
“Would you like something to drink?” May asked even as she was seething with anger. She hoped that Stark would want something hot so that she could accidentally spill it all over him.
“A cup of coffee, please? No sugar or anything. Thank you.” As soon as May left for the kitchen, Tony ruffled Peter’s hair. “Hey, what went down here exactly?” he whispered, knowing that Peter could hear him loud and clear with his heightened senses.
“I was thrilled to see my suit again, so I tried it on! I didn’t know she was home! She yelled ‘What the fuck!’ and it’s been pretty much non-stop yelling ever since. I had my back to her so I thought about jumping out the window, but she already knew it was me. I tried to explain from the beginning, but I’m not sure if I made much sense…” Peter’s shoulders drooped as he fiddled with the edge of the coffee table.
“Don’t sweat it. We’ll figure this out together.” Tony patted the boy on the back. He had been delegating Peter’s supervision to Happy, but he was planning to take a more hands-on approach from now on.
Peter nodded, feeling much better with Mr. Stark by his side. Then he realized that they had another matter to discuss. “By the way, you really had reporters in there. I watched the press conference. So it wasn’t a test?”
Tony waved off Peter’s suspicious look. He didn’t want Peter to feel the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Charles Xavier
Peter Parker & Kitty Pryde
Peter Parker/Quicksilver
Peter Parker & Harley Keener

freeform: 
Fluff and Humor
Happy Ending
Iron dad and Spider son
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter goes to Charles' school

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Charles Xavier
Peter Parker & Kitty Pryde
Peter Parker/Quicksilver
Peter Parker & Harley Keener

