Chapter 1: one
    




Chapter Text
An army of robots.Cliché, perhaps, but Peter had to admit there was probably a reason it had been done so many times. Robots were less likely than henchmen to disobey or complain. Or betray. But still, using this many robots to rob a bank seemed...excessive. As did the amount of damage they were doing.Peter couldn’t see anyone obviously controlling the robots, and one against a hundred seemed like pretty crappy odds. But the Avengers were on their way, so Peter kept his distance, webbing up the robots he could and ushering civilians out of the way. Weirdly, the robots didn’t seem all that intent on actually getting into the bank, just on causing chaos, perhaps so whoever was controlling them could sneak inside undetected?A repulsor blast signalled the arrival of Iron Man, followed closely by War Machine, Falcon, and a Quinjet.“Hey, kid,” Mr. Stark said in his ear, “Need a hand?”“This is a lot of hands,” Peter said.“What can I say? We were bored.”“We’ve got this Spider-Man,” said Captain America, who knew Spider-Man, which was still one of the coolest things about Peter’s life. “Focus on getting civilians out of harm’s way.”“You got it. I don’t think everyone’s out of the bank yet.”“Clearing you a path,” said Mr. Stark.As soon as there was a relatively safe path in and out of the bank, Peter swung in. He had just opened his mouth to start yelling for people to get out when the building shook. Several people screamed, and Peter flinched.“Everybody out!” he called, “Stay calm, no need to panic, the Avengers are here! Someone cover their escape route,” he added into his comm. The building shook again.“Spider-Man, they’re attacking the bank now. Get out of there!”“Still got civilians inside!” Peter replied. And if they were attacking the bank now, what the heck had they been doing before?There were only a dozen or so people left when something nearby exploded, and the building shook worse than ever, dust raining down from the ceiling.“What was that?” Peter asked, eyeing the supporting columns nervously.“They’re going to bring the building down!” shouted Cap, “You need to get out!”Peter moved towards the doors with the last two bankers, but just before they reached them, three of the robots charged in with sharp-bladed arms (arms? limbs?) raised.“Go!” he shouted, running forward to meet the robots head-on. Ignoring the two civilians, the robots rushed to meet him. He took one of them out with a taser web, but received a gash in the right arm from one of the others. The two remaining increased the speed of their attacks, driving Peter farther away from the doors with every other swipe.“Oh, come on!” Peter shot a web to the ceiling, but it was cut before he could even attempt to swing. He flipped backwards over the counter, and they followed, still slicing away at him. Another taser web took out the smaller robot as another even louder explosion shook the whole building again. The walls around him seemed to sway alarmingly, but it could have been his overactive imagination. He heard Mr. Stark swear.“Spider-Man! Get the hell out of there, kid!”Before Peter could reply, he had the wind knocked out of him by a surprisingly strong kick to the solar plexus that sent him flying backwards. He struggled to his feet as a heavy metal door swung shut in front of him.“No!” He threw himself forward. Surely there was a way to open the vault from the inside? There had to be, there had to be safety codes for this kind of thing. Another loud boom sent something crashing to the floor outside.“Kid, I’m trying to keep this thing standing. Where the hell are you?”Panic clogged Peter’s airways like water dripping from broken pipes over his face, crushed his lungs like so many tons of concrete. “I can’t - I’m trapped, it’s lock - locked. I can’t get out, I’m st- I’m stuck.”...“Stuck where, kid?” Tony asked, trying to keep the panic out of his voice despite Peter’s increasingly desperate breaths.“Vault,” Peter gasped, “It - it locked me in a vault, and I can’t - I can’t get out. It’s gonna fall.”“Rhodey! A little help here?” Tony called.“Sure thing.”“Almost done with these things,” said Natasha.“We need to get that vault open, now,” Tony said, then - “Shit!” He shot the robot, but not before it shot something inside that made a heart-stopping cracking noise followed by the groaning of a roof with one too few supports holding it up. Tony flew up to the ceiling inside, braced his hands against it, and pushed upwards, thrusters at full power. It wouldn’t hold for very long. “Cap! Vault door! Now!”“I’m on it.”“And I’ve got eyes on our culprit,” Clint said, “Building opposite me, fourth floor. Falcon?”“I see him.”“Nonononono, I’m stuck, I can’t...it’s gonna fall.”“Kid, listen to me,” Tony said, more frightened than he would admit by the panic in Peter’s voice, “You’re going to be okay. We’ll get you out of there.”Peter didn’t respond. He was hyperventilating now. The others were still talking over their comm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Panic Attacks
A building falls on Peter
surprise
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers

