Chapter 1: O N E
    




Chapter Text
More times than he doesn't, Peter wakes up in his dad's bed, pressed to the man's chest. It's comforting because he knows his dad his usually awake by then and is just savoring the moment. Peter knows that his dad's just soaking up every last second of uninterrupted peace with his son because who knows if they'll die today. Peter usually falls asleep in his bed or on the living room floor, with stacks of books and papers littered on the floor around him. Exams are coming up and it's nearing Christmas so it's freezing outside. Peter's been slacking off a bit on patrolling even though he has the heater in his suit. Tony's been staying in a lot more lately, too. Wherever Peter is, you'll soon find Tony. They usually make peppermint hot chocolate and Pepper will help Peter with his English homework and his dad will help him with anything but History. But that's what he has Happy and Ned for.  Ned and Happy get on like a house on fire when Happy's drunk enough. This morning is a Saturday morning like any other Saturday morning. Peter frees himself from his fathers vice grip and when he stretches his bones feel leadened with sleep. He knows he should be sore from the cold outside and last night's tough patrol. He still hasn't gotten used to not hearing his bones crack in the morning anymore. "'M making blueberry pancakes and sausages. Don't say anything if you want some." Peter leaves before waiting to hear anything from Tony but he's halfway down the stairs before he hears a yell from up the hall. "Save me more than two each, you scoundrel!" "Then get your old ass down here and help me make them, then!" "Language, Peter." Tony comes almost barreling out of his room in his comic strip pajamas and bed bead. His stumbles up the hallway and sits on a barstool across the cabinet from Peter. "Walk much?" Peter slides him a mug coffee with only milk and Tony takes it gratefully. "Why do I feel like the parent in the morning before you have coffee?" "Because I don't exist before coffee." "Dad. That doesn't make any type of sense." "Exactly, son." Tony downs the rest of his coffee in one go before slamming his "I'd do me." mug down and letting out a short yell. "Fuck that was hot. Ready to get started on those pancakes?" "I was born ready." "How are you so lame? I raised you." They bickered the entire time they made breakfast but they ended up with twelve blueberry pancakes in all. Tony took four and left the rest to Peter's super metabolism. Tony set their dishes in the sink and started washing them and Peter went back to his studying he started the night before. Everything was still set up at the coffee table so Peter sat on the floor with his back resting on the couch. Peter called out some of the questions he had to his dad who helped guide him in the right direction. If Peter had a History question he just asked F.R.I.D.A.Y. who gave him a much more direct answer and much more information. Just as Tony sat down on the sofa behind where Peter was sitting on the floor, F.R.I.D.A.Y. came online. "Boss, Captain Rodgers, Sam Wilson, Colonel Rhodes, Natasha Romanov, and Wanda Maximoff are currently coming up elevator one." "What! Friday! Why'd you give them access to my floor? Stop the elevator. Override that shit." Tony slouched back into the couch and let out a big breath. "Dad, chill. I can hear your heart beating and if you keep that pace up you'll die in like four minutes." Tony chuckled as he rested his elbow on his knee and pinched the bridge of his nose. "You also can't keep them trapped in there forever. Don't you think it's time they know. C'mon, Padrino. You know we can trust them. It's like Adriana said, we have to learn to trust and forgive. What if we die tomorrow and you die not trusting Steve? It'll be okay, Padrino, I promise. If not then, I don't know," Peter paused for a minute before looking off into the distance. "I'll finally be able to activate 'instant kill mode' if they wanna talk shit." Tony barked out a laugh and Peter stared at him straight on. Tony let his smile fall. "Okay, point taken. 'You can handle yourself'. Got it. Let 'em up, Friday." It takes a while for the elevator to climb all ninety-six floors of the Avengers Tower they were visiting for Christmas break. Tony moved to the floor to help Peter begin to theorize string theory when the elevator door finally dinged. The doors to the elevator parted revealing some confused Avengers. "-don't know why you're not getting this, Pete. Just imagine some wet spaghetti and a butthole. The-" "Alright, Dad! That's enough! I'll just ask Ned on Monday." "You're going to ask Ned about buttholes?" Tony was honestly just messing with Peter now. He loved to see his kid squirm sometimes. "Oh my god. Father. If you do not shut your mouth. String theory. I will ask Ned about string theory. Which-I don't know how you can explain this to me with wet spag-" Tony cut him off by turning his toward the group of people at th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Therapy
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dad!Tony
Son!Peter
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark is a Good Dad
Adoption
Father-Son Relationship
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Therapy
Tony Stark Gets Therapy
So does Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Therapy
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

