Chapter 1: i know this much is true
    




Chapter Text
Peter doesn’t get very good rest anymore.
It used to be that when Peter wasn’t patrolling, or doing calculus homework, or balancing his fragile high school social life, he could fall asleep in seconds. The moment his head hit the pillow, he’d be lights out. It’s one of his more useful skills. He generally has very few hours to sleep, anyway, especially now with all the Not-Avenger Training he’s been doing at their facility, so really, it seems like he should be putting these hours to good use.
But no. It’s a Tuesday. 3 AM. The apartment is dark and quiet. School starts at eight o’ clock tomorrow. And he is not asleep.  
Instead he’s counting the cracks in the ceiling. 
Peter tries closing his eyes again. His spider-sense screams at him. It takes effort to unclench his fists, to forcibly relax the bunched up tension between his shoulder blades. All he can hear are the warning bells going off in his head, and they sound like crumbling cement and feel like crushed ribs. He sees fire on a beach.
He snaps his eyes open.

I’m in my apartment. Aunt May is asleep in the other room. There’s no danger here.  

Somehow, it doesn’t work. He feels so awake, which doesn’t make any sense, since he hasn’t slept more than three hours a night in – God, he doesn’t even know how long. He feels like he does when he hears shouting in an alleyway, or the snap of a lock breaking, chains rattling. The course of adrenaline in his veins right before a fight. 
There’s no fight to be had in his bedroom at 3AM. He tries closing his eyes again, but it takes another hour before his body finally caves in exhaustion and he’s asleep.
 
---
“Dude,” comes Ned’s voice, “Dude.” 
Peter snaps out of it. His spider-hearing had him about a million miles away, or rather, a couple hundred yards, listening to the drip of sink that someone had forgotten to turn off in the math hallway.
“What’s with the thousand yard stare?” Ned is whispering at him. “If you cut off a finger, I don’t think your spider-healing will grow you a new one.” He pauses. “Actually, could it do that?”
Right. He’s in Robotics. Ned is hanging on to his elbow tight like they’re in danger, but the only thing dangerous is the core drill in his hand, or maybe the sheer amount of gel in Flash’s hair across the room.
Peter shakes the feeling off. Unclenches his hand from around the drill.  Carefully does not think of the image of his own face, reflected back at him in murky pipe-water, the feeling of his limbs crushed under a building’s weight. He takes a deep breath, feels his totally unbroken ribs expand, and looks up to see Ned staring at him.  
Ned’s eyebrows are drawn together and creating creases in the middle of his forehead. Peter can feel the worry radiating off of him.
He gulps.  What were they talking about?
“I don’t think my finger would grow back,” Peter says quickly, trying to wipe the look off Ned’s face before the eyebrows get any closer together. He needs to get it together. “I’m a fast healer, not a gecko.”
“Gecko?” Ned says. His eyebrows start to look less worried and more confused. Peter breathes an internal sigh of relief. “Are you rebranding? I think the spider thing has already stuck, dude.”
“No, like – you know how gecko tails grow back after getting eaten by predators? I don’t think my healing factor, uh, extends that far.” 
“Oh, yeah,” Ned nods, like this is a perfectly normal conversation for a couple of high schoolers to be having. “Let’s never test that.”
“It’d be a lot harder to rebuild the Death Star with nine fingers,” Peter agrees, thoughtfully. 
Crisis averted. Ned is sufficiently distracted by pondering the extent of his healing capabilities and Star Wars. Peter lets the babble wash over him, soothing the buzz of his senses in his ears. Ned’s hand doesn’t leave his elbow, and Peter lets it ground him. 

I’m here. I’m right here. 


 

---  
 
On Friday, Peter takes down one of Toomes’ men. The guy keeps robbing people and places and slinging around a giant, explode-y piece of tech while doing it. He’s been calling himself the Shocker. Of course someone was going to notice that eventually, and take him down. And since someone called the Shocker isn’t exactly Avengers material, Peter follows him in a seedy back alley and does what he does best.  
Watching from a fire escape above, Peter recognizes him as the guy in the bus lot behind the school, from Homecoming night. The one Ned saved him from. Peter swallows, and reminds himself that this guy is small fry compared to Toomes, and yet –  
The fight is more than Peter expects. The moment Peter drops down from above, the man whirls around, gun blasting, and suddenly Peter is thankful that the alley is sitting next to an abandoned building and not a busy apartment complex. The alley becomes a lot less wall and a lot more rubble, and Peter has to move fast to avoid the next shot as well as the tumbling bricks.
“That’s not the way to greet someone,” Peter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Canon
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter
Panic Attacks
Fluff and Angst
not too angsty there's a happy ending dont worry
gen but everyone is a little in love with peter because i am a little in love with peter

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

