Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Peter loved the way Deadpool smelled. 


Not like the way he smelled after a hard night of patrol, or after they each devoured their share of a dozen burritos, or after he returned from one of those missions he never ever talked about. 


No, it was something under all that.  Something Peter couldn't quite name. But the Alpha had a heavy scent that reminded him of something electric and wild and dangerous. And for whatever reason it was also completely comforting and safe, which of course didn't make any sense at all. 


It was like the time Peter had shot a web as high as he could on the Empire State Building, then scrambled towards the top. A thunderstorm had been brewing, and he had balanced on the edge of the spire and watched the lightning snap across the sky, and heard the thunder roll and felt that eerie electricity in the that made his hair stand on in and sent chills down his back. It was not his smartest moment, and looking back he knew he could have been killed in a heartbeat. 


But standing there, balanced between feeling so very alive, and what was probably certain death-- Peter had felt completely safe. Completely at home. 


And for some inexplicable reason, that was how he felt with Deadpool. That's was the Alpha’s scent--electric and dangerous and 

addicting

. 


And Peter was… well he was addicted. 


So when Deadpool climbed up the fire escape to meet him on the roof, carrying a bag of post patrol mexican food, Peter had to swallow back the urge to lean in, to scoot a little closer to the big Alpha. And 

wow 

was Deadpool a big Alpha. All over. Thick thighs and huge arms and a broad chest and so many muscles it made Peter want to just 

weep 

and---


“Whatcha thinking about Spidey?” The Merc shoved a burrito at him, effectively startling Peter from his thoughts. “I could hear brain the gears turning from the street. Don't hurt yourself now. Pretty thing like you needs to just lay back and let the Alphas do all the thinking.”


Ah yes. There it was. 


Deadpool was also a grade-a Asshole.  A complete and total, Alpha swaggering, pheromone pouring, muscle flexing, inappropriate comment flinging, turning everything into a sex joke while filling out that stupid spandex suit until it nearly burst-- asshole.


And dammit if Peter 

still

 wasn't half in love with him, giving back just as much teasing as he got, even occasionally pushing for more. 


He couldn't really explain it. He just loved it. Wanted it. Wanted the Alpha. 


But Deadpool had no interest in anything real and anytime their little moments edged into something serious, he was quick to back off, either delivering a scathing retort or literally, physically backing off to the point of jumping off the roof if he had to. 


The Alpha wasn't interested. But that didn't stop Peter from flirting with him anyway.


“Pool, if I let the Alphas do the thinking the world would burn. Let us pretty boys have a little bit of input.” He retorted and turned around to lift his mask to his nose so he could eat. Deadpool turned away as well, and they sat leaning on each others backs and eating as fast as they could. 


It was easier, eating back to back. No awkward staring at the glimpses of each others skins, no worrying about letting anything slip about their identities. And of course they both ate like maniacs, because after a night on patrol they were always starving, and no one wanted to see that. 


So back-to-back it was. 


“You see that hot piece of omega in the last store?” Deadpool said, several minutes later. “All blond hair and blue eyes? Sweet, perfect little thing. Damn.” 


“Nope, I didn't notice.” Peter said and took another big bite of food. 


“What do you mean, you didn't notice?” Deadpool bumped the back of their heads together. “She looked like a porn star and smelled like a bitch in--”


“Hey!” Peter elbowed him. “Come on now!”


“Right. Sorry.” Deadpool shifted against his back. “Working on that. No talking about omegas like they are a piece of meat around Spidey. Not when I should be talking about 

you 

anyway.”


“That's exactly right.” He sniffed, trying to push as much 

hurt 

into his voice as possible. “It hurts my feelings when you talk about other people in front of me.”


“Spidey!!” Deadpool cried. “You 

know 

you are my entire heart!”


“Maybe chew your food before trying to sweet talk me.” Peter chuckled and Deadpool shook his head--and Peter's head-- adamantly. 


“Don't you tell me how to live, Spider-boy. If I want to spit pick up lines at the same time I spit food just let me be. Stop oppressing me! It's practically a crime the way you try to change me. Just accept me for who I am. I mean honestly---”


“Jesus Christ stop talking!” Peter knocked their heads together 

hard 

and laughed when Pool yelled. “Just eat so I can go home and sleep.” 


“Damn Spidey! Are you already done with your food? Check out the mouth on 

you 

boy. Are you good at devouring anything else
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Deadpool/Spiderman
Wade Wilson/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Omegaverse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Identity Porn
omega!Peter Parker
Alpha!Wade Wilson
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Protective Wade
BAMF Spidey
harry osborn - Freeform
explicit - Freeform
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Smutt and Angst
oh my god the feels
Heat Sex
Knotting
Blow Jobs
Fingering
Rough Sex
Make up sex
Canon-Typical Violence
Deadpool being Deadpool
Friends to Lovers
Jealous Wade
Bratty Peter

fandom: 
Deadpool/Spiderman
Wade Wilson/Peter Parker

