Work Text:

I.
It wasn’t like Tony wasn’t used to it. He had years and years of experience in being ignored. Hell, he’d grown up with Howard and Maria Stark as his parents. He couldn’t even begin to count the number of times his six-year-old self had been dismissed from Howard’s presence, even when he’d been bouncing up and down with obvious excitement. And Maria-- well, Maria was always so busy. She’d give an absent ‘mm-hm’ every once in a while, but even those were rare compared to the complete apathy he usually got.So this. He was used to this. And hey, at least he wasn’t getting hit this time around.“--but it can’t be kevlar because while it’s strong, it’s not light enough, and isn’t nearly as flexible as human skin, so  then I was curious and I started researching, and then I thought it could be nano cellulose, because it’s completely organic and way more flexible, but actually, it would react with the water in his body and it would get all bloated, and considering John Smith did not, in fact, blow up into a balloon, it couldn’t have been that. So then, I kept researching, and--”Tony faltered as Clint glanced away, distractedly looking at the TV. Tony tried to smile, before halfheartedly continuing, “--And-- and it actually could be graphene, because it’s only made up of locked carbon crystals and is almost totally unreactive,  and it’s so light you could--”And now Clint isn’t even looking at him at all, not even trying to make it seem like he’s paying attention.“You-- you could actually have a layer as big as a football field, and it would still way less than...”He isn’t listening.“... a gram,” Tony mumbled, his hands shaking around his mug of coffee. He shut his eyes and set it down, shaking his head.It didn’t matter. Really, it didn’t.Tony refused to let out a breath as he silently stood up and disappeared from the room. 
II.
God knew Tony liked to ramble, and despite him trying to stop himself, he constantly caught himself going on for a half hour without even stopping.“And then this guy-- I don’t even know who the fuck he was-- just came up to me and told me-- he didn’t  ask,  he  told  me-- to sign his middle finger. I don’t know  why,  like was he gonna get it tattooed or something? That’s  still not as weird, though, as the time when a guy…”He didn’t even know when he’d started, but when he looked up, no one was even in the room. He looked towards the couch Steve had basically taken over the last few months. (He liked to draw in here. And watch Tony work. Not listen, though, apparently.) There was an abandoned, half-finished sketch on the coffee table.. Tony had no idea when he’d left.Tony closed his mouth, setting down the Allen wrench he’d been fiddling with. He remembered, back in college, hanging out with Ty. “Jesus Christ, Tony, do you  ever  shut up?” Tony clenched his jaw before picking up the wrench and going back to work. 
III.
The power had gone out all across the city, including the coffee shop he and Nat liked to disappear to sometimes in the middle of the night for coffees that were more sugar than coffee. When Tony pulled out his phone to find the cause of the power outage, his findings made it easy for him to pass the time with some chatting. Or rather, ranting.“God, this is ridiculous. God fucking dammit, Justin Hammer can suck my-- you know what, no, he can’t, because I deserve better than that. Justin Hammer can suck a duck’s dick-- except no, even a rabid corkscrew-dicked duck deserves better than that. Wait, can ducks even get rabies? Justin Hammer can get rabies. Fuck, Hammer probably  does  have rabies, that’d explain his complete idiocy, not to mention how much he spits when he talks, Jesus Christ, and just how the hell does he manage to make a virus that causes power to go out all across Manhattan? How did that man ever finish the seventh gra--”“Shit.”Tony looked up from the floor, only to see Natasha’s face illuminated by her phone. She was-- she was playing a game, something that revolved around colors. Something that was completely absorbing her attention.Attention that was not, as he thought, on him..“Uh, Nat?” he said, his coffee suddenly feeling cold.“Hm?” she hummed, tapping her thumb against the screen furiously. She didn’t bother to look up.“Uh. Were you listening?” he asked, his voice sounding stupidly hopeful.“Justin Hammer, idiot, something about duck dicks, I got it,” she said, before huffing as she lost again. “Dammit.”Tony nodded, his voice sounding small and subdued. “Right.” IV.“And-- oh! Oh, you probably haven’t gone to Coney Island yet, have you? It’s fun, as long as, y’know, you don’t do the hot dog eating contest right before you ride the Cyclone. But the Wonder Wheel’s always fun. I mean, I was terrified of it when I was little, but that’s because I was scared of heights. It wasn’t like it was unfounded, though, I mean, I did fall off the roof of the mansion once. Not like. All the way to the ground. Just to one of the lower dormers. I don’t remember
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark-centric
Hurt Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
just a hint of it
Tony Feels
chatterbox tony
because I love him
Protective guardians
because i love them

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

