Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“So,” Tony said. “Got a proposition for you, big guy.”Steve looked up at that. He looked tired—his eyes were tight at the corners, his lips drawn. “Yeah?” he said, then licked his lips and looked around like he thought Henry Gyrich might be hiding behind a curtain somewhere. “You mean. Like . . .?”It had been a hard week. Steve had been on edge—Tony wasn’t totally sure what was going on with him, just that he’d spent most of it in his own bed rather than sharing Tony’s, and on anyone else he might have called it “jumping at shadows.” He tended to do that when he was in a mood where he thought—well, thought that he might be violent if Tony woke him in the night. Steve, of course, pushed it down until it bubbled up as him being brusque, short-tempered, and generally low-key pissy with everyone, especially Clint. Tony had seen it before, and he knew he’d see it again, but he was getting a little tired of seeing Steve’s knuckles healing from tearing open on one of the twenty-two separate punching bags he’d managed to destroy this week (they were the reinforced ones, too, that Tony had designed to resist that kind of thing).It hadn’t been a good week for Tony, either. He was exhausted himself; he’d been at Stark until about eight at night minimum every night that week, getting ready for a new product launch, and on top of that—well, he didn’t know. His brain hadn’t been cooperating with him. It was hard to sleep now without Steve there beside him. He’d been—he’d had a hell of a lot of work to do, and it had been getting in his head. Work, the state of the world, the Avengers—he didn’t know, all of it, bubbling in the back of his mind all the time so that his brain was going a thousand miles an hour and he couldn’t slow it down. Sometimes sex helped when he got like this, but he hadn’t wanted to bother Steve with it, so he’d tried to work it out through rubbing one out, but that hadn’t worked either; like so often when he got like this, something in his brain had shut down, and he hadn’t been able to make himself come—that horrible catch-22 that kept sex from being an easy way out. And that hadn’t exactly been relaxing. Tony felt tense, and tired, wound tight until his whole body ached, and his eyes were scratchy with the sleep he couldn’t get no matter how hard he tried. He ended up lying awake, staring at the ceiling with his mind going a thousand miles a minute until he gave up and got back to work.He put his hands on his hips, sauntered over to smirk down at Steve, made sure it was warm, seductive, a hopefully perfect mix of affectionate and suave. “Yeah, I was thinking so,” he said. “Like sex, gorgeous. What do you say?”Steve looked down at his fist, clenched tight against the table, then, slowly, flattened it out and took a deep breath. “I don’t know, Tony,” he said. “I don’t know if that’s a good idea . . . .”“Sure it is,” Tony told him. He leaned down, grabbed Steve’s tie, then traced his finger gently along under the loop of it where it encircled Steve’s neck. “You’re tense, have been all week. You need to let off steam and the gym hasn’t been doing it for you. You need to let off more than that, because it’s deep down, under your skin, and dealing with Gyrich and the government suits hasn’t been helping.” Steve’s face twisted a little, settled, which was as good as a confession. Tony softened his voice, made it go huskier, more enticing, as he smiled. “Well, sweet stuff, lucky you, because you have me, and I’m great for letting off steam. Made for it.”Steve swallowed; Tony could feel it against his finger. His eyes were very big and very blue where he looked up at Tony. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he said. “You said—I mean, you noticed. You must have. I’ve been having some trouble with—with—”“Your temper?” Tony murmured, and swallowed, because sure, there was a little flutter of anxiety in his belly when he thought about that, but that wasn’t the point. Steve needed this, or something like it, and so did Tony. “And the control thereof?”Steve flushed miserably. “Yeah,” he admitted, hunching his big, strong shoulders and looking like a lost puppy, his brows squinching together. “I’ll get through it, though, Tony. It’s okay.”“I’m not made of glass,” Tony pointed out, and somehow, yeah, now he felt more certain. Just seeing Steve like that made him want to reach out, give him everything he could to untighten those wretchedly tight muscles, relax that miserable set to his mouth. “Ever think that you losing some control is exactly what I’m looking for?”Steve bit his bottom lip, looked down, pressed his hands together. “I’d like to,” he said, breathed, really, “but I’m not—you don’t know what you’re . . . .”“Oh, come on,” Tony said. “I’ve only known you how long by now? Steve. I know you could bend me in half like a pretzel and break me just as easily.”Steve went white, then redder than he’d been before. “Tony,” he said. He still stood up when Tony pulled on his tie, like he couldn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Content
Established Relationship
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Avengers Vol. 3 (1998)
Marathon Sex
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Denial
Bottom Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Subspace
Dom/sub
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Sub Tony Stark
Sub Tony
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Steve
Rimming
Ass to Mouth
Oral Sex
Large Cock
Size Kink
Blow Jobs
Aftercare
Bathing/Washing
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Anal Plug
Anal Gaping
Ass Play
Wet & Messy
Comeplay
Come Swallowing
Begging
Obedience
Oral Fixation
Finger Sucking
Manhandling
Dirty Talk
Anxiety
Multiple Sex Positions
Kissing
Barebacking
Neck Kissing
Objectification
Loving Objectification
Soft Cock
Erectile Dysfunction
Sexual Dysfunction
Felching
Come Eating
Deepthroating
Power Play
Light Masochism
Bruises
light pain kink
Affection
mentions of past relationships - Freeform
Past Relationship(s)
Mentions of Casual Sex
past open relationship
current exclusive relationship
Porn with Feelings
Praise Kink
loving dom
Mention of switching
mention of sub Steve
mention of top Tony
Intense Sex
performance anxiety
Orgasm Anxiety
Consensual Kink
Insecurity
Insecure Tony
Insecure Tony Stark
Biting
Face-Fucking
Mild humiliation kink
Rough Sex
Tender Sex
Pet Names
Endearments
past drinking
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
mentions of drinking
Implied/Referenced Underage Drinking
Mentions of underage drinking
Nipple Play
Service Top
Enemas
Food
Food and Eating
Comfort Food
Cuddling & Snuggling
Post-Coital Cuddling

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

