Work Text:
Tony was sitting on the ground with his dog sprawled out nearby, drawing a robot. His fathers had to work and Tony didn’t like daycare – he had a panic attack every time they left him there with those people so Clint and Phil had stopped trying for the summer, knowing they would have to get him to go to school in the fall and wanting to pick their battles – so he was in Nick’s office. Usually he would hang out in Phil’s office a few doors down but Phil had some important meeting and Clint was training some of the newer agents in stealth, so Tony had made himself at home in Nick’s office. As he was adding the red lines for the wires that would help run the robot, the building shook and alarms started blaring. Hulk jumped up, sniffing the air. Nick rushed out of his office door to the hall where people were walking quickly and shouting over the alarms. Tony got to his feet, his hand going to thread into Hulk’s thick dark fur. His breathing started to pick up speed and while he tried to count out the inhales like Dr. Bruce had taught him, it was difficult. The alarms were loud and he was alone and it was scary. Tony pulled Hulk to the corner and crouched down, hoping his smaller size would hide him.The door burst open, a strange man dressed in dark green entered. Hulk hunched over Tony as the boy cowered behind him, biting his hand to keep silent. The man took two steps forward before he spotted the two figures in the corner. He raised his arm, gun pointed at Tony’s head, finger on the trigger.BANG!Tony screamed as the man collapsed to the ground in a heap as though he were a puppet with his strings cut. Behind him stood Phil, slowly lowering his own gun.“Tony,” said Phil softly, stepping up to the frozen little boy. “Baby, are you hurt?”Tony didn’t respond, eyes locked on the dead man before him, blood slowly seeping across the floor towards the kid.Phil scooped him up and turned to leave, trusting Hulk to follow but not overly worried if he didn’t because getting his son to safety was his primary concern. Dogs were replaceable – albeit difficult it would be to find another dog as perfect for Tony as Hulk – his little boy was not.“It’s okay, I’ve got you now,” reassured Phil, slipping into the hall, heading in the opposite direction of the gunfire. “Yeah, I’ve got him, he’s safe. We’ll be there in two minutes. Be ready.”Tony clutched Phil’s jacket while the man ran down different halls, dodging other agents and people who were going in their own directions. Then Phil stopped and attempted to pry Tony loose from his jacket. Unsuccessfully.“Tony, baby boy, you need to go with daddy,” said Phil softly.“Come on, honey,” said Clint, his voice forcing Tony to look up.The archer was mostly in a vent, just his arms and head sticking out.“Stay with daddy,” said Phil, handing the trembling child off to his husband. “Be good. I’ll see you soon. Love you both.”Tony didn’t respond and Clint closed the vent cover and crawled away, one strong arm holding the kid to his chest. They made it two turns before stopping and Clint unzipped his bullet proof vest. He wrapped Tony in the thick material, which made him look even smaller.“I need you to follow me,” said Clint in a whisper. “You stay right behind me, okay? It’s going to be okay. You’re fine. I promise, alright baby? I need you to at least nod for me.”Tony nodded shakily; Clint kissed his forehead.“Good boy.”They crawled together, Clint frequently checking over his shoulder to be sure that Tony was still following him. The five year old was doing his best to keep up but he was clearly terrified and the bullet proof vest was heavy on his small frame, hindering his movements.“You’re doing great, buddy,” said Clint. “Up ahead we’re going to be getting out of this vent. We’ll be in the next build over’s parking garage. When we get out of the vent, I’m going to get us a vehicle and we’ll go to a place where we’ll me with papa.”Clint was trying to keep his kid informed, hoping that would ease some of the anxiety he knew Tony was experiencing. When they emerged in the parking garage, Clint inwardly groaned because the Tuesday vehicle that was left – Clint was going to murder Steve for it – was a motorcycle. Years ago Steve, Phil, Clint, and Bucky had decided to keep a spare vehicle in the parking garage next door in case one or more of them needed a getaway. Every few days they traded out the vehicle that was parked there and Steve was Tuesday.“Okay, Tones, we’re going to ride the motorcycle,” said Clint in as upbeat of a voice as he could manage.The helmet was entirely too large for Tony to wear, so Clint put it on his own head. Then he mounted the motorcycle and turned Tony so the kid was sitting facing Clint’s chest. The archer then fashioned a harness out of some spare climbing rope, securing Tony to him as best he could. It would at least assure that the kid didn’t fall off, though Clint wasn’t too concerned with that with how tightly Tony was holding on to him. H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Kid Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Adopted Children
Blood
but only like a little
Motorcycles
Cuddling & Snuggling
Panic Attacks
Anxiety Attacks
Nightmares
Avengers Family
Insecure Tony
Clint Needs a Hug
BAMF Phil Coulson
BAMF Clint Barton
Protective Phil Coulson
Protective Clint Barton
Hulk is a dog

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

