Chapter 1: A Is For Abstinence
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve would never get over how beautiful New York City looked first thing in the morning.It was one of his favourite things about living in Stark Tower. Every morning, after his run, he would have a shower and eat breakfast in the communal kitchen, staring out of the windows at the magnificent city before him. Sometimes, mist from the sea would drift inland a little, obscuring the low-lying buildings. Other times, sunlight would glitter on the thousands of windows and he would be seized by the urge to whip out his notepad and draw.On this particular morning, it was a dull grey, the clouds muting the colours of the buildings and the cars honking down below on street-level. All the same, to Steve, it looked beautiful – in an industrial, grimy sort of way.His attention was torn from the cityscape before him in a whirl of perfume (Chanel; classy and sophisticated) as Natasha sat down opposite him, a small smirk on her face as she helped herself to one of Steve’s pancakes.“Happy birthday, Natasha!” said Steve, giving her a warm smile and sliding a neatly-wrapped gift across the table towards her.Natasha smiled brightly in return, hopping off her chair and walking around the table to pull him into a hug. Steve rested his chin on top of her head, earning himself a laugh and a light head-butt as Natasha dislodged him.“You remembered,” she said, sounding pleased but surprised. “Thanks, Steve.”Steve shook his head in bemusement. Even though he had known her for five years now, Natasha still mystified him sometimes. She was a fantastic SHIELD agent and a fellow Avenger, which meant that she was intelligent and super-observant. When it came to realising her own worth, however, she often fell short. It saddened Steve to think that Natasha had not expected him to remember her birthday.There was a yell from the corridor as Clint came skidding into the kitchen, several large presents in his arms, messily wrapped in brightly coloured wrapping paper.He dumped the presents on the kitchen table, striding up to Natasha and pulling her into a headlock before rumpling her red curls.“Happy birthday, Nat!” said Clint. “How many birthday beats do I owe you?”“Try to give me birthday beats and I’ll break your arm,” Natasha said calmly.Clint paled, hastily releasing her and giving her a wide birth as he sat down as far away from Natasha as possible at the kitchen table.Steve smirked, shovelling more pancake into his mouth as the kitchen slowly filled up with more people. Bruce and Thor arrived next, giving Natasha warm hugs and neatly-wrapped presents before taking their usual seats at the communal kitchen table. Bucky arrived next, his hair still wet from the shower, his t-shirt clinging slightly to his still-damp body as he threw his metal arm around Natasha in a friendly embrace.Steve watched the way Bucky’s t-shirt clung to his skin, tearing his eyes away with a small smile as Bucky sat down next to him, their knees bumping underneath the table. Bucky’s leg pressed against Steve’s for just long enough that it could not quite be accidental before discreetly pulling away.Steve ducked his head and smirked as he took a sip of orange juice, his mind drifting back to the vigorous night-time activities they had engaged in the previous night.“Is the Man of Iron not joining us this morning?” boomed Thor. “I have not seen him or the Lady Pepper of late.”Clint waved his hand dismissively.“Today’s not about Tony,” said Clint. “Today’s about my favourite Russian. No offence,” he added, winking at Bucky.Bucky shook his head frustratedly.“I’m not even Russian, you dick,” he muttered, piling pancakes onto his plate.Steve smiled.Moving in with the other Avengers after defeating the attempted Chitauri invasion of New York in 2012 had been easy. They had formed a strong bond and had agreed that living together made sense, so that they would easily be able to mobilise as a team should another situation that required the Avengers arise.When they had quashed the HYDRA uprising in 2014 and found Bucky on the banks of the Potomac River, Steve had been worried that his fellow Avengers would not accept Bucky, that they would brand him as the enemy due to his actions as the Winter Soldier. They had quickly realised, however, that his actions had not been his own – that he had been brainwashed by HYDRA and forced to commit those terrible acts against his will – and had wholeheartedly welcomed him into their group of friends.When Bucky had become a SHIELD agent, and then an Avenger not long after that, they had once more accepted him with open arms. Steve was incredibly thankful that the other Avengers had accepted Bucky and that they were able to banter with one another so easily, as they were doing now.Even when they had first seen the two of them leaving Bucky’s bedroom together one morning, they had not made a big deal out of it, simp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Top Bucky Barnes
Dom Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Sub Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Gay Steve Rogers
BDSM
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Marriage Proposal
Falling In Love
Friends to Lovers
Romance
POV Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers-centric
Mental Health Issues
Mental Breakdown
Kidnapping
Addiction
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Anxiety
Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Brainwashing
Suicide Attempt
Psychological Trauma
Psychology
Therapy
Recovery
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Friendship
Character Study
Drama
Angst
Hurt
Hurt/Comfort
Guilt
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Freedom
Stockholm Syndrome
Lima Syndrome
Voyeurism
Three Laws of Robotics
Free Will
Ethics
Philosophy
Developing Relationship
Dark
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

