Work Text:


Where is Tony?
Where was Tony Stark?That was that main question that the Ex-Vengers were always asking themselves. This wasn't because the man had vanished off the face of the earth. No, he was always around. The face of the New Avengers. Leading beside Captain Marvel with an ease that Steve wished he could have had with the man. So, yeah Tony was around and active but at the same time...he wasn't.What happened, you see, was the Rogues were brought back to the states by T'Challa. Only when it was clear there was going to be needed. The world would need all the help it could get. Yet, it was clear the countries affected by the Civil War had not forgotten what happened a couple years ago. They would hold off on their justice for now. When this was all over was another story.That was fine. The former Avengers were confident they would be able to face the charges placed against them. Their trump card is Tony Stark and his team of lawyers. So they thought at least. They didn't think the chasm between Stark and themselves was that big. Yeah, they didn't like him all that much but they were still teammates. They also felt like Tony had to help them. This mess could have been avoided if he hadn't signed the Accords. Well, were they ever wrong...After the initial 'welcome back' which was more like an 'oh, you're here', they never saw the man again. Okay, that was a lie. They saw him from a distance but never got to interact with him. He didn't stay at the Compound which made their lives difficult. They couldn't just go to his room. No matter what Steve, Natasha or even Clint had tried. Steve was no longer considered the Avengers Team Leader, so no one on the new team listened to him. Natasha couldn't sneak up on the man because he was always with someone. Clint tried pushing his way through one time which ended in disaster.Their newer members didn't have any better luck. Scott was not allowed to touch the Ant-man suit unless it was for training or battle. Pym and Van Dyne taking it back as soon as they were able to. Wanda had made mention of trying to get his attention with her powers. Not entering his mind but trying to affect the items around him. Yet, whenever her powers got close, they would be blasted away. One time was fairly violent, landing her on her ass. Sam was the only one who seemed to have the bright idea about trying to catch Tony on his way in or out of the building. It was clear he wasn't staying in the New Compound. So he would have to leave.So, with that plan in mind, the Rogues scouted out all the doors to the Compound. Of course, there were more doors than there were people to watch them. FRIDAY was not helpful in the least, seeing as she was still looking after her Boss and wouldn't aid them at all. So that had to try to figure out which doors to watch. Eliminating what they thought were obviously the wrong choices like the garden doors. It left them with the front door, back door, landing pad entryway and the garage door. There were the emergency exits as well but those were triggered to set off an alarm if used. If Tony used those they would have stumbled upon him. Not because he set them off but trying to disable them.Making the plan and putting it into action was one thing. Getting results...that was another.Tony still managed to get inside the Compound even with them watching the doors. This happened every day. Leaving nearly as easy too and no one ever caught him. The group was stumped. How? How was Stark managing to do this?They didn't get an answer until a few weeks later. By now, they had long given up watching the doors. For some reason, they were thinking the answer laid within Stark's Lab at the compound. Of course, he wasn't there and they didn't see anything out of the ordinary either. Least, not from the windows, they were not allowed inside the Lab and didn't even have access to it. As they were leaving, something strange caught their attention. It was shining gold that seemed alive as it created a circle shape. A portal of some kind. Stepping out of the portal and into the Lab was  Doctor Stephen Strange. He looked around for a second and didn't seem to take notice of them outside the window. That was not true as the man was very observant. The Rogues couldn't help but smirk. If Strange thought he could find Stark here, he was wrong. There was some sense of satisfaction that came from knowing Stark didn't even trust his new allies with his location.That wasn't true though...The Sorcerer turned around and seemed to be speaking to someone behind him. They couldn't see who he was talking to because of the angle of the portal. That changed when Strange reached into the portal and pulled through Tony Stark. After a brief exchange and some wavy hand gesture that ended with a kiss on the forehead, before the Sorcerer disappeared and Stark started working. Completely ignoring the ones outside his window.That is how it was being done!? He was getting portal-ed into work ever
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & New Avengers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Not Team Cap bashing but not friendly
New Avengers
Hidden/Unknown Relationship
Portals probably not meant to be used this way but oh well
Sassy Stephen
cuddly boyfriends
former teammates
protect tony stark
how does one tag?
Not Beta Read
Sorry Not Sorry

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & New Avengers

