Chapter 1: To Help Escape, Support, Conceal, Rescue Or Protect
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“My special friend from The New York Times is right,” Tony Stark announces with a smirk. “This meeting is not about the date and features of the newest StarkPhone release. I'm afraid the world will have to wait until September 1st just like announced by Miss Potts – I'm sure you're all heartbroken.” He stops for the obligatory titters of the gathered journalists and winks at the N.Y. Times correspondent who blushes. It clashes horribly with his red hair.“No, this statement is about something else entirely. It is about me announcing my intention to have charges brought against former S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Nicholas J. Fury and former S.H.I.E.L.D. Agents Richard B. Stoner and Letitia P. Senyaka.”The room falls entirely silent, but the frequency of the camera flashes onto the podium at least triples.Tony's smile never wavers. It looks like a rictus.“For what, you might wonder? Simple. For being accessories after the fact to the murder of Howard and Maria Stark, my parents. Were former Director Margaret 'Peggy' Carter still alive, I would urge the same charges be brought against her as well.”***Clint yelps and barely dodges the spray of glass shards exploding from Steve's hand.“Steve, what the fuck? Are you trying to kill us?!”Sam grabs Steve's hand and attempts to pry the remains of his drinking glass from his convulsively tightening fingers.Steve jumps to his feet and forcibly yanks his hand from Sam's grip, paying no mind to his friend's pained yelp at the action.“I've always known that Tony could be a bastard--”“Language,” Scott mutters in the background, but is ignored.“--but this is beyond the pale! How dare he spit on Peggy's reputation like that! How could he do that to his godmother's good name! Does he have no shame? No conscience?”***“Allow me to explain. When my parents died on December 16, 1991, their deaths were ruled an accident a mere week later.”He allows no questions and simply talks over the one brave journalist who tries to interrupt, “And yes, although SI and myself have brought lawsuits against anyone who ever dared put it in print, I am very much aware that the prevalent opinion since that day has always been that the one person to blame for the 'accident' was my father. It's been an open secret to anyone that Howard Stark was a highly functioning alcoholic, and just like the rest of the world, I was certain that he must have caused their car to crash due to him driving while under the influence.”Tony's face might just as well be hewn from stone. There is no light in his eyes, but his mouth keeps moving. Inexorably. Mercilessly.“Turns out the world – and I – have been wrong all these years. The 'car accident' was not so much an accident as an assassination. An assassination planned and executed by HYDRA by means of their prime asset, the operative known as the 'Winter Soldier'.”***“What?!” Sam exclaims. He's stopped trying to doctor Steve's hand and is instead goggling at the TV. The rest of Steve's team is similarly frozen and spellbound.One could hear a pin drop.“Steve? Is he right? Did Bucky murder his parents?” Clint's lips shape around the few words almost without his own volition.It would explain so much. Steve has always been uncharacteristically quiet about whatever happened between him, Bucky and Stark in the abandoned HYDRA bunker in Siberia, never saying more than 'And then Tony flipped and attacked us when we didn't agree to turn ourselves in, and Bucky and I were forced to disable his suit in order to get away.'.Right.Stark, who's always had a fanboy boner for good old Cap, suddenly being willing to hurt and possibly kill the idol of his youth?Clint's always known that he was missing part of the puzzle. But this? This?***“The Winter Soldier, formerly Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes of the US Army, was tasked with eliminating Howard Stark and gaining access to the Super Soldier Serum. Any collateral damage was acceptable. The order was given by a HYDRA agent by the name of Vasily Karpov – one of the many victims of Helmut Zemo that the man will soon stand trial for.”Tony delivers all the information in a monotone, never hesitating, never stopping.“I might not be able to get justice for my parents from their murderers. Karpov is dead, and Barnes is out of my reach, hiding wherever the so-called 'Team Cap' has gone to ground. But I hold more people responsible than just those two.”He takes a sip of water from a glass standing on the podium and wets his lips.“Justice for my parents means going after the people who helped cover up the truth of my parents' deaths. Justice means going after the people who deliberately ruled their murder an accident as though they had a right to just sweep under the rug that two lives had been taken long before their time – unjustly, brutally, and in secret.”***“I had no idea,” Wanda whispers. She l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Margaret 'Peggy' Carter

freeform: 
S.H.I.E.L.D. is shady as fuck
Peggy Carter knew and did nothing
Betrayal
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Team Not As Family
Tony Stark is Done with This Shit
Steve Rogers is morally bankrupt

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Margaret 'Peggy' Carter

