Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The irony of it all was that Steve had only ducked into Subway in attempt to  avoid  his past. Usually he hated the place; the process confused him and he didn’t understand how the future had created something that was supposedly made fresh in front of you and yet somehow tasted exactly like it had been mass-produced in a lab.Steve had spent the morning wandering around Brooklyn in a haze of nostalgia, mapping out his past in a place that had changed utterly and yet hardly at all. He was starving, but he knew if he went into a real deli he’d expect to see old Mr Nicolini behind the counter. He couldn’t cope with yet another thing that was close but not quite the way it should be. He needed something that would bring him back to the twenty-first century with a bump, and well, Subway was better than Mcdonald’s.He squinted up at the menu. “Uh, I’ll have a sub of the day please? On… wheat?”“You got it pal,” said the man behind the counter, and Steve had been hearing Brooklyn accents all morning, but that was a voice that made Steve snap to attention. His eyes darted towards the man slicing open bread for Steve’s sandwich.It was Bucky.It  couldn’t  be Bucky. Bucky was dead, Steve reminded himself. Bucky died seventy years ago.He blinked. It was still Bucky.“What cheese would ya like?” said Bucky.“Cheddar,” said Steve, voice slightly strangled.Bucky nodded, calmly peeling apart triangles of cheese with his plastic gloved hands. Steve stared.Sam was always telling him that a certain degree of not-okayness was to be expected after spending the better part of a century on ice. He wasn’t sure if that included hallucinations in which his dead best friend was working in a chain sandwich store.Bucky asked him next what kind of salad he wanted and Steve’s heart stuttered uncontrollably at the sound of his voice. Except it  couldn’t  be his voice.Steve was pretty sure he was cracking up.He managed to hold it together enough for Bucky (not Bucky) to finish putting together his sandwich, and then he threw down some money and got the hell out of there.He ran until his legs threatened to give way, and he collapsed against a brick wall. His lungs, which hadn’t failed him since 1941, were struggling to pull in air through thick, ragged breaths, and his heart was hammering.It couldn’t be Bucky. It just couldn’t.—Steve went back the next day to check. He fully expected to find no one who looked anything like Bucky, or maybe someone who looked a little like Bucky when you squinted through seventy years of nostalgia. Instead, what he found was, well, Bucky.Bucky, wearing plastic gloves and a visor embroidered with ‘eat fresh’ in green. Either Steve had forgotten what his best friend looked like, or he was having a minor mental breakdown.Unsure what else to do, he ordered another sandwich. This time he played it cool, and only slightly stammered over his order. He kept it together just enough to notice that the man who looked like Bucky had long hair pulled back into a bun, and a nametag that said ‘Jimmy’.Steve retreated with his sandwich to a tactical position in the corner of the store, where he could keep watching ‘Jimmy’ while he ate. He considered the possibilities.The first option, and perhaps the most likely, was that Steve was hallucinating, that the man that looked like Bucky was nothing more than a figment of Steve’s imagination. Sam was always telling him that if he didn’t start talking about his issues they’d manifest in increasingly unhealthy ways; was it possible he’d bottled up his grief so bad that his brain had simply willed an imaginary Bucky into being?Steve frowned, staring at the man behind the counter. Long hair. Surely that was a weird detail for his head to add to a hallucination? He saw Bucky in his dreams, sometimes, good and bad. In the good dreams Bucky looked exactly as he had the day he’d shipped out, uniform pressed, hair neatly trimmed and slicked back. In the bad, well; Steve didn’t much like to dwell on those in the daylight, but he’d never dreamt up a Bucky with long hair before. He took a bite of his sandwich. Something didn’t add up.What if it  was  Bucky? Steve tried to fight a rising giddiness at the thought — Bucky alive and well, his best pal, here, in the twenty-first century where Steve was so alone.No — Steve had seen Bucky fall, there was no way he could have lived through that. But then, he thought, clinging desperately to the whisper of hope — but then, Steve was alive, and he wasn’t supposed to have survived his thirtieth birthday, let alone seventy years in the arctic. Maybe Bucky had survived the unsurvivable too.Steve swallowed, bread forming a lump in his throat as he realised the true implications of that possibility. He’d never gone back to look for Bucky; there hadn’t been time. Howard had said that as soon it was all over he’d put together a team and go find him, and Steve had figured that would have to be enough. As much as Steve had hated the idea o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Identity Porn

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

