Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Dr. Calderon had been right about a lot of things. Bucky could admit that, on good days. Maybe even on bad days. Is he better off now than he was when he woke up in Wakanda? Yeah.


Things aren’t as tangled up in there, he understands the “why” of a lot more.


He knows he should separate the pain and regret he feels at the knowledge of what he’s done, 

what his hands have done

, from the pain and regret he feels for other things, things that he’s 

actually

 responsible for. 


Sometimes, he even manages to do it.


A year of appointments, and he can sometimes spend a couple days walking with his head held high. He’s got enough technical jargon to fill a book, so he can label his reactions, his thoughts, his moods, his existence.


And look. Look, he’s out. Like Dr. Calderon and Stevie had wanted. He goes out with dames, and they’re both so damned happy. In different ways. Dr. Calderon in that way she has, kind of smug and knowing, like Bucky is plodding along on some path only she can see. Steve, like maybe Bucky, 

his 

Bucky, is finally coming back. 


See, there are things he has to do. The United States government has its say. That’s why Bucky goes to see Dr. Calderon in the first place, in that fancy office on Shadwick and Renhauer, to sit next to her collection of watery paintings of gardens. It was one of the conditions for his not being in Uncle Sam’s custody.


Dr. Calderon has her say. There have been dream journals, months where he did three-a-weeks with her, mandated no-Steve days, and all kinds of other shit.


And then Steve has his say. Not like the others. No. Steve just suggests something, and then kind of looks at Bucky. Concerned, hopeful, but supportive no matter what. And Bucky has never been able to let Steve down.


Uncle Sam could care less about Bucky going out on the town. But both Steve and Dr. Calderon are all about it. So Bucky started picking dames up when waiting for the walk sign at the crosswalk on his morning jog (Dr. Calderon had mandated at least one outdoor activity per week, two months after he’d begun seeing her, and he actually liked it), in line down at the Tower cafeteria, and in the cereal aisle at the grocery store.


He meets them for coffee (a favorite now, apparently, though it doesn’t seem much like a date to Bucky), takes them to dinner, once dancing. He’s even gone home with a few of them.


Tonight, he’s in no mood to pretend, and he’d walked poor Anna, an acquisitions specialist at a gallery near Dr. Calderon’s office, to a cab after a dinner that had stretched on and on. These days there’s a lot of anonymity to dating, so Bucky hadn’t any idea of where she lived, which meant he couldn’t even send her some flowers to make up for his poor showing. Then he’d ducked into a sports bar he’d found down a narrow set of stairs. It’s near the Tower, a bit dingy, and people keep to themselves. Which suits Bucky’s current needs pretty damn perfectly.


He’s had more than he should, but it’s not like Steve is here to disapprove or worry.


And yes, Dr. Calderon, Bucky did realize Steve’s absence was affecting him.


The woman acts like Bucky shouldn’t worry. Bucky had tried to explain Steve’s recklessness and stubbornness and lack of regard for his own safety. He could tell from her expression that she wasn’t buying it.



Tough shit, lady

, Bucky thinks, leaning against the elevator wall and pressing the button for his floor. If there’s a harebrained theory, she’s applied it to Bucky and Steve. Six months back, their bond had been hyper-everything under the sun. Then Bucky was using Steve as some kind of proxy, that so long as Bucky could keep Steve safe, Bucky himself would feel like he’d protected some theorized sheltered piece of himself that he refuses to acknowledge. And just a few months ago, Bucky was avoiding the risk of living life himself and instead was living vicariously through Steve. 


That’s one area Bucky just doesn’t give a flying fuck about. Maybe friendship is different now, maybe war had twisted his with Steve, but Bucky isn’t changing it.


Steve hadn’t seemed too enthusiastic about Dr. Calderon’s new favorite focus either. And usually Steve is all about giving whatever the fuck it is a try.


Dr. Calderon doesn’t feel comfortable considering (she’s always so careful to say 

consider

) giving Bucky the okay for the field until he has a handle on his emotions and reactions concerning Steve. Until he has other people and things in his life that add meaning.


Bucky doesn’t get what’s so hard to understand. He’s not gonna feel better about Stevie when the punk keeps going out in the field without Bucky on his six. When he keeps coming back banged up and with bullet holes in him.


The elevator reaches Bucky’s floor, the one he shares with Steve; though lately, on Dr. Calderon’s advice, Steve hasn’t been around much. Bucky steps off it and braces one hand on the wall.


The floor tilts, then rights itself. He’s s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
Darcy Lewis & Thor

freeform: 
Enemies to Lovers
Neighbors
Prickly Cactus People Find Love
handyman bucky
Domestic Avengers
Food
Music
Plants
lady friendships

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Clint Barton
Darcy Lewis & Thor

