Chapter 1





Chapter Text
CONDITIONING TREATMENT
 
Pepper signed off on the last document a small secretive smile gracing her lips, glancing briefly across at Captain Rogers she noted the slight upturn to one corner of his mouth and the minute nod of acknowledgement.  Placing to platinum fountain pen to one side she slid the documents into their leather case before passing them across her desk to the Centre’s lawyer who had accompanied the Conditioning Centre’s Co-ordinator sitting opposite her.
 
“Gentlemen I trust that you will remember the terms of our contract and the NDAs that you and all your staff have signed.  There will be severe consequences if any word of Mr Stark’s time with you is leaked.”
 
The Co-ordinator bristled, offended at Ms Potts words, just as he opened his mouth to give a sharp retort he felt pressure on his arm.  
 
“Ms Potts I can assure you of the utmost confidentiality of all our staff at the Mountain Rise Conditioning Centre.  There’s never been any incidents of disclosure of treatment for any of our high profile patients.”
 
The lawyer rose from his chair to place the leather document folder in his brief case and motioned for the Co-ordinator to rise, after shaking hands with both the CEO of Stark Industries and Captain Rogers they followed her personal assistant through the large glass office doors to the elevator.
 
Settling back in her seat she motioned for Captain Rogers to come stand beside her to await their next appointment, this was the one that would need all her considerable negotiation skills and for Steve to play the part of the distraught loving partner who hated having to go to such lengths to ensure his husband’s personal health and safety.
 
Judge Edwards and his assigned court clerk/recorder were escorted to her office within minutes and once settled in the comfortable chairs facing her she drew a breath and began to speak.
 
“Thank you for coming to Stark Industries to discuss this matter, I know it is not the usual way of dealing with this kind of decision making but you can understand the necessity for keeping this out of the public arena for the time being.”
 
“Be that as it may this will be the only time this happens, I am doing this as I was a friend of Howard Stark and he would would be saddened to see the Stark name being dragged through the public courts. 
 
Now I have read through all the medical papers submitted to my office, I have viewed the video evidence and also the written submissions by yourself, Captain Rogers and members of the Avengers.  Before I make my final decision I would like to hear personally from yourselves how you decided on such a drastic plan of action.”
 
Pepper and Steve had been expecting this request and after much discussion had decided on tailoring the classic good cop bad cop routine to fit their needs.
 
“Judge Edwards firstly I thank you for allowing this meeting to take place here, as you know I was Mr Stark’s personal assistant for a number of year before being made CEO of Stark Industries three years ago.  During this time, I have seen the decline in Mr Stark’s health and mental stability which was greatly exacerbated by his kidnapping and torture in Afghanistan.
 
Whilst his marriage to Captain Rogers provided some stability in his personal life for a time and even improved his involvement with his Company, it has unfortunately not been enough and his more erratic and disturbing behaviour has once again come to the fore.
 
As CEO of Stark Industries and his closest friend I cannot let this go on any longer.  I have to put the welfare and the Company and its workforce above my personal feelings in this matter as much as it may pain me do do so.   Mr Stark is no longer capable of making rational decisions in regards to Stark Industries, he has been closed out by the Board on my instructions due his failure to produce or complete work and the dreadful behaviour and decision making he displayed during the merger talks with Hammer Industries and Stone Inc. which put the takeover of both Companies in danger and could have lost Stark Industries over nine hundred million of dollars.”
 
Steve placed a comforting arm round Pepper’s shoulders as she managed to squeeze a solitary tear from her eye, it would not do for the Judge to think she was a complete cold hearted bitch.  She jabbed Steve’s foot with her dagger like stiletto heel to remind him it was his turn take the stage.
 
“Judge Edwards I love my husband so much and only want to do what is best for him, it breaks my heart to have to do this but all else has failed and I am at my wits end as to how to get my poor darling the help and he desperately needs and deep down really wants with out putting this plan into action.
 
He is the love of my life and I would be devastated if anything happened to him because I had not done my utmost to get him the medical help he requires to face and deal with his physical and mental health problems but is to scared to do so on his own
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Medical Procedures
Age Play
Daddy Kink
Bottom Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Top Steve Rogers
Dark Steve Rogers
S&M
Diapers
Non-Consensual Spanking
Infantilism
Feeding Kink
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Past Drug Addiction
Mental Coercion
Doctors & Physicians
Explicit Sexual Content
Forced Pregnancy
Cock Slut
Vaginal Fisting
Anal Sex
Anal Fisting
Feminization
Lace Panties
Size Kink
Cock Rings
Cock Cages
Rough Sex
Vaginal Sex
Slut Shaming

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Steve Rogers

