Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Summary:

Peter thinks of the Sokovia Accords as just an academic issue until he witnesses a fight between a group of mutants and bigots.



Notes:
Author's Note: Eight days ago, I saw Spider-Man: Homecoming...and this fic exploded to life, over 60,000 words. I had a lot of thoughts after Captain America: Civil War came out, and Homecoming only solidified them. Here follows the result. Since I'm not bound by the copyright boundaries drawn by Fox and Marvel, this fic adjusts the Sokovia Accords to include their comics roots of registering all superpowered individuals, including mutants.Canon Note: This follows a very rough version of the X-Men movieverse, particularly the first two movies, except everybody lives (very unlike me for those of you who've read my other stories!) Mutants from both the comics and movieverse have bit roles in this fic. A little list of the ones who appear are at the end of each chapter. (Also, I have no idea what band instrument Peter used to play - I guess saxophone because he has kind of puffy cheeks, but not puffy enough for tuba.)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

  Consequences  


Chapter One

Peter Parker knew almost nothing about the Sokovia Accords when he went to Germany. In hindsight, that was kind of weird, since the whole fight between the Avengers was about those laws, on top of the whole Winter Soldier thing. But Mr. Stark and Happy Hogan hadn't explained it to Peter, and neither had any of the other Avengers on Mr. Stark's side before they went to cut Captain America's team off at Leipzig-Halle Airport.
Mr. Stark warned Peter that Captain America was stubborn, but also persuasive. "He'll try and convince you he's right, kid. He thinks he's right, and that makes him dangerous. Be careful."
Peter paid rapt attention to anything Mr. Stark or the rest of his team did say as they headed to the airport, all suited up just like he and Ned used to imagine. "They're not looking to kill anybody – well, Steve and his team aren't," Black Widow corrected herself. "I can't vouch for Barnes."
"Nobody can vouch for Barnes, and that's kind of the point," said War Machine.
"Even so, it's best that we consider the possibility that they will be highly aggressive," said Vision. He turned to Peter and Black Panther. "Wanda Maximoff's power is extremely dangerous. She's capable of mental manipulation, and the target becomes lost in their own memories."
"Not just memories," said Mr. Stark. "She can make you see what you fear the most. Once she gets you, forget it. There's no way out." He pointed at Peter. "Give her and Barnes a wide berth, you understand? Your job is to web up Cap and get the shield from him fast if I call you."
"Yes, sir," Peter said, in as grown-up a voice as he could manage. To his relief, his voice didn't crack.
Nobody talked about anything else for the ride except for the plan of how they were going to apprehend Captain America, Winter Soldier, and the rest of their followers. Nobody thought to ask how old Peter was until Captain America's friend got huge.
Even after taking Peter home from Germany, Mr. Stark didn't explain the Sokovia Accords. Well, to be fair, he didn't have time, since War Machine was hurt and Captain America and the Winter Soldier had gotten away.
The most Peter ever heard about the Sokovia Accords was in school.
Man, MJ went on a rant during European History about how the Sokovia Accords were a violation of all kinds of civil rights and stuff. Peter'd been bored, but the debate that Mr. Carpenter started then been kind of cool. MJ was usually blasé about stuff, so it was kind of cool to see her get all riled up. It was even cooler to see her beat Flash Thompson's ass and blow holes in every argument he had to make about international security and anti-terrorism.
"You don't get to arrest and detain people for what they might do in any civilized society!" MJ proclaimed. "Whether it's mutants or inhumans or enhanced people like the Avengers, it's a civil rights violation! It's all fine and good for rich white guys like Tony Stark to support the Sokovia Accords; he can take off his Iron Man suit and waltz away to his mansion! But a person whose enhancements aren't technology, or that they were born with, they don't have a choice! The NRA says you can't lock somebody up for just having a gun, and everyone says that's right! Even if a mutant or an enhanced person's powers can be dangerous, you don't get to just detain them without a trial forever!"
Peter'd been having fun watching Flash sputter and stutter up until then, but he and Ned exchanged uncomfortable looks when MJ started ranting about Tony Stark.
It occurred to Peter that he might want to ask Mr. Stark if he should register himself. It sounded…kind of creepy. But class ended, somebody spilled Mountain Dew in the hallway and everyone was yelling about Hulk pee, and Peter realized he'd left his Spanish homework 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & X-Men Team
Avengers Team & X-Men Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Sokovia Accords
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
X-Men/MCU Crossover
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Badass Aunt May
Aunt May Feels
Non-Graphic Violence
Kidnapping
Government Experimentation
FEELS DAMMIT!
Civil War Fix-It
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Implied/Referenced Torture
Bigotry & Prejudice
Mutant Registration
Mutant Rights
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags Contain Spoilers
Unreliable Narrator
Angst with a Happy Ending
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Whump
peter whump
Bucky whump
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Scott Summers Is A Good Leader
Steve Rogers Is A Good Leader
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Aunt May needs a hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
EVERYBODY Needs a Hug!
Peter Feels
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
Redemption

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & X-Men Team
Avengers Team & X-Men Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

