Chapter 1: Clint
    




Chapter Text
Venom, Clint decided, was an asshole.Peter had just officially joined the Avengers, a celebration that had been marked with cake and Asgardian mead (which they had to explain to Thor was not appropriate for an eighteen-year-old, even though back in the day you were officially a man at the age of fifteen). So of course, his first Avengers mission that should've been relatively simple ended him with him being mind-controlled by an alien symbiote. It made the Spider-Man costume look pretty badass; the red-and-blue design was clownish in comparison to the black and silver. But it'd also made Peter break Natasha's arm and almost shatter Tony's arc reactor. In the end it'd taken the Iron Man suit, Thor's resistance to alien crap, and more willpower than anyone knew Peter possessed, to pry the symbiote from the teenager and shove it into an appropriate cage. Clint was just glad that, barring this kind of shit, Peter was a good guy. Because fighting Spider-Man the villain? Not fun.As soon as they'd gotten back to the Tower, Peter had shut himself into his new suite. Not even Steve could go in and talk to him. Normally when someone shut themselves away, Clint let them mope. But having been in Peter's shoes, he knew that wasn't going to work here. So he slithered through the vents and dropped into the kid's living room."Nobody in this tower seems to understand the concept of locks," came a dry voice. Peter was lying on the couch, arm over his eyes. He was still in the Spider-Man suit, the mask lying on the floor. Clint picked up Peter's feet and sat on the couch, dropping the feet on his lap. "We do, we just take them as a personal challenge." Peter grunted. "Is Nat okay?" "She's fine. Mostly just pissed that Venom got the drop on her. Not many people can do that to Black Widow." "She thought I was an ally." "You are," Clint said. "Sometimes allies get compromised." Peter snorted. Clint squeezed his ankle. "You didn't kill anyone." "Bit of a low bar, don't you think?" "No," Clint said seriously. "Not everyone who gets brainwashed can say that." Peter removed his arm. His eyes were red and puffy. "What?" He gave a wry smile. "Did no one tell you what happened between me and Loki during the Chitauri invasion?" "No..." "Long story short: Loki brainwashed me and I killed fourteen SHIELD agents."Peter stared at him. "Shit." "Yup." "I'm sorry." Clint smiled. "It sucks. That feeling of your body and mind being used by something evil. Being used to destroy the things you love. You start blaming yourself, thinking that there must be something wrong with you to have done that to your friends. And if you manage to get past that, you blame yourself for not doing enough to stop it, for falling into the trap. The nightmares aren't going to be fun, either." Peter made a face. Clint squeezed his ankle again, making sure he had his attention. "But what you need to know above everything else is that we get it. We know that there is nothing else you could've done to protect yourself against that. And we know that the thing that tried to kill us, that hurt Nat and went after Tony, we know that thing is not you."Peter's chin trembled. He nodded. Clint stayed until Peter decided to wash up and go to bed. He went to the common floor and was unsurprised to see Steve in the living room, pouring over the mission reports. "How is he?" Steve asked. "Went to bed. Hopefully what I said got through that thick skull of his," Clint said. "Hard to tell, though. I'm not a therapist." Steve smiled. "No, you're better. You're a friend." Clint snorted. "That doesn't beat a professional." "I beg to differ." "And if I said the wrong thing?" he challenged. "It's not what you said that matters," Steve explained. "It's how you made him feel." Clint snorted again. "No offense, Steve, but that's a load of bullshit." Steve was quiet as Clint went into the kitchen to get some water, and maybe a late-night snack before bed. Then, "Do you remember when Chris Cornell died?" Clint closed the fridge. "Is this you trying to make me feel better? Because you suck at it.""That was a trigger for me." Clint paused. He walked out of kitchen, back into the living room. Steve hadn't moved from his spot on the couch, but he'd set aside the reports and was looking up. "They've done studies on it. Once one person in an area commits suicide, others immediately follow. It makes sense: we see him do it, and we think, 'Well, if he can, then I can.' We realize it's a viable option. You think it's a coincidence that Linkin Park's lead singer hung himself on Cornell's birthday?"Anyway, I was thinking about it. At the time I was going to text Peter, as part of our system. I felt guilty about it, considered not doing it and trying to power through on my own, which probably wouldn't have ended well. And then you and Tony walked in."We didn't talk about depression or mental health or any of that. You didn't even know what was going on inside my head. Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
probably wrong and completely inappropriate use of comic book character
I never read the comics
Deal With It
also wrong/inaccurate use of spidey-senses
also don't care about that
It's my fic
and I like it this way
so there
Hurt Thor (Marvel)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

