Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter stared down at his phone in disgust. It had been several months since Vulture and the invitation to join the Avengers, which meant it was early January. Ever since he'd refused Mr. Stark's offer, there'd been radio silence from both him and Happy. Peter was completely fine with this, of course. Really, he was......not. He flopped down onto his bed, unable to prevent his lip curling upwards in disgust as he slowly, painfully scrolled through the dozens of unanswered texts he'd sent Happy just a few months before. Just looking at them made him want to curl up and die in a hole. No wonder Happy hadn't answered him or taken him seriously when he'd been in trouble! No wonder Mr. Stark thought he was an immature kid incapable of taking care of himself! Just four months had Peter cringing in agreement. He'd put a whole new definition to double-texting. Now, he stared not just at the unanswered texts, but at the reply bar. Although initially it had simply slipped Peter's mind to contact Happy, eventually forgetfulness had turned into decisiveness- had turned into Peter choosing not to contact Happy. Or Mr. Stark. And, though originally it had been out of shame, that shame had turned into anger and hurt as the months passed by with neither of them even attempting to make contact with him. He knew it was partially because of shame and pain that he was angry, but it was like an itch under his skin, burning to get out. Every time he looked at his phone and saw Happy's contact, he remembered being unnoticed by Happy- or, more accurately, being unwanted.And, yeah, Peter understood that some random adult who didn't really know him had no reason to answer Peter's constant texts. That was why he'd stopped sending them. But...would it have killed Happy to answer once? Even just to explain to him that he wasn't actually wanted by Mr. Stark, instead of having him be lead on for months? Would it have killed Happy to act like a decent human being who actually cared? Peter tightened his grip around his phone and closed his eyes, pain mingled with anger and loneliness rising up in him. Didn't they understand? Mr. Stark had been his idol. And yes, he knew that Mr. Stark had no obligation to be kind. After all, Peter was some unknown kid with super-powers who screwed up more than he helped. But still...Peter couldn't help but wish he would've cared, even just a little bit.Instead, he'd basically called Peter a nobody and taken his suit. It had taken a caved-in building and a plane crash for Peter to get it back. To get even some acknowledgement. And now...nothing. Not even one word. Nothing - not when he'd nearly died on patrol, not when he'd almost gotten kicked off the decathlon team, not when he'd skipped three days of school because of a broken rib. Nothing. Peter clicked out of the conversation and turned off his phone. It had been four months since he'd last spoken to either of them. That thought shouldn't have weighed so heavily on him, but it did. Somewhere in the back of his teenage brain, he'd wanted them to care about him at least a fraction of the amount he cared about them. He'd wanted Mr. Stark to ask him about his day, to get concerned when he was injured- he even would've been okay if Mr. Stark had hit on his aunt while doing it, as long as he'd cared just the smallest bit about Peter. But...nothing. He sighed. He'd tried to put it off, but at this point he had to face it. Happy and Mr. Stark simply didn't care. At all. To them, he was a weapon to be used when needed, an annoying kid to be ignored when not. He was not a teammate. He was not a coworker. And he was not - God forbid - a friend. He was unwanted by them. He was not needed, or wanted, or cared about by them.And why should he be? A part of his brain argued. Why should Iron Man care about him, a vigilante screw-up of a hero? A sudden bout of anger seized him and he threw his phone against his bedroom wall as hard as he could. He winced and immediately regretted it as the phone made a sizable dent in said wall before landing on the floor and shattering. Fucking super-strength. Fucking phone. Fucking Tony Stark. Why couldn't he care about Peter?Why...why couldn't Peter just be enough?His anger slowly abated, replaced by unadulterated pain. In the end, he couldn't blame Mr. Stark for not caring. It was hardly like humans could control whether they liked someone or not. Mr. Stark was completely blameless in this. Peter had no right to get angry at him for something that couldn't be controlled.But that didn't mean it couldn't still hurt. Peter dropped his eyes to his broken phone and, with a touch of cynicism, thought it accurately represented his life. He ran a hand through his hair, biting his lip, before deciding he'd deal with it later. After all, it was midnight on a Tuesday and he had school the next morning. Instead he turned his back on the broken object and flicked his light switch off, striding back to his bed and floppi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Insecure Peter
Hurt
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Loneliness
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Tony Stark Has A Heart
but really when doesn't he
Unreliable Narrator
Depression
Peter Parker Has Depression
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

