Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Summary:

In which we meet our protagonist.



Notes:

Glossary:
Soakers: (slang) soft skate guards, used to draw water/condensation away from the metal blade. Skates are usually stored in soakers to avoid rusting.Edea: a brand of figure skatesBauer: a brand of hockey skateCrossover: a technique in which one leg crosses over the supporting leg, then takes weight once set down on the outside of the supporting leg. Often used during turns, circles, or to gain speed quickly after a direction change.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The envelope was thick, made of an expensive paper that was completely unnecessary but gave the impression of importance. The letter inside was much the same. Carter University was printed on the back, embossed on the envelope. It was pretty obvious what it was. It took James Barnes only a moment to open it, tumbling the equally heavy paper into his hands. Shaking hands unfolded it, heart beating hard in his chest as he skimmed the opening line before sagging a little, against his bedroom door.Bucky stared at the letter in his hands after he finished, shocked, as key phrases caught his eye. Pleased to offer you a position, jumped out at him first. Then, on the second page – a whole separate letter, even, unable to provide financial aid… no development program for figure or dance skaters… numerous hockey scholarships on offer. His fingers tightened a little on the paper, scrunching it just enough to startle him out of his thoughts. He dumped the document on his desk, sat heavily on his chair.He knew he couldn’t afford college on his own, or even with his parents helping. They had enough on their plate, putting his sisters through school and paying for as many competitions for him as they could afford. If he gave up competing, they could probably put him through a year? Two? Still, only half of a degree. He picked up the letter again, flipped to the second page and skimmed it again. They were pushing him off with one hand, and dangling another stupid scholarship in front of his eyes with the other, like he was a damned horse to be led with only a carrot and a promise. His gaze drifted to his skate bag, the white logo glaring at him from the black bag.As a kid, he’d wanted to be a hockey player, right from the start. But as soon as he’d put on a pair of rental skates, that first time his ma had taken him down to the rink – to make him quit whining, she would say fondly at every retelling – he’d known.There had been a skating class on, using half the rink, when they’d gotten there. He’d had to wait until they were done, but he’d been pressed up against the boards, barely tall enough to look over them, and he’d watched, eyes wide. It had been a figure class, that much he remembered, for a group of older students, and they’d been learning jumps. He didn’t remember much else, as he’d only been six at the time, but he remembered telling his ma, in that no nonsense way children have, that that’s what he wanted to do when he grew up.He’d pulled through so much, refused to feel ashamed for his choice despite teasing from schoolmates, never felt like he’d made the wrong decision about which skates he chose to lace up. Until now. Now it seemed like his decision was going to screw him over in the end.Bucky bit his lip, tapped his foot, knee bouncing in and out of the bottom of his field of vision. Eyes on his skate bag. An idea came to mind, one so irrational and ultimately Bucky that it might actually work. He stood abruptly, shoving his feet into his shoes before crossing the couple of steps to his bag. He scooped it up, tossed it over his shoulder, and headed out of his room.“I’m going to the rink,” he called out, and waited until he heard a muffled yell in response from his mother before shoving his wallet in his pocket, grabbing his keys, and heading out, phone in hand.If they wanted a hockey player, they’d get one. *He headed into the familiar building, head ducked and turned away just a little from the small crowd of people in the foyer. There were enough people that he recognised within the group to be recognised himself, and he didn’t want that, not now. He made a beeline for the rental booth, head down, and only looked up when a warm voice said his name.“Jamie, it’s been a while since you’ve come to visit me,” and Bucky smiled warm, genuine, as he saw who’s behind the skate rental counter. He planted his hands on the wood, leaned across, and bussed his lips against a wizened cheek, before settling back on his feet with a grin.“What a charmer,” the woman said, dry, but there was a gleam in her eye that said she was pleased, and he laughed.“Not on purpose Marlene, you know that,” he responded, leaning his elbows on the counter. “College applications kinda suck the life out of you.”The older woman lit up at that, looking as pleased as if she’d been told her own grandchildren were going to college, though they
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Hockey
College Hockey
Alternate Universe - College/University
College Hockey Level Violence
mild homophobia
(from people not central to the story)
Closeted Character
Hidden Relationship
Mild Descriptions of Injury/Medical Treatment
standard nsfw tags
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Bottom!Bucky
it is a skippable chapter if it's not your thing
descriptions of a stress-induced mental breakdown
(similar to a depressive episode)
description of an anxiety attack from an outside perspective
(aka bucky is helping not having it)
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

