Work Text:
The slab of cement Steve has appropriated isn't the most comfortable place to rest, but at least it's in the shade. The fight against the bulk of Thanos' army went on for days, and Steve is exhausted. It's with half-opened eyes that he watches their circumstantial ally land his ship and step down its hatch. Steve's shield is within reach, if need be.The unknown orange and blue spaceship had pieced through enemy lines mid-battle only to turn around and start firing at Thanos' ships. The Avenger's comms – and probably everyone else's - had been overtaken by a frantic message, the newcomer saying he was named Star-Lord and that he came in peace, and not to shoot him please. Of course no one had trusted him much, especially not the military, but they were pathetically outgunned and the little spaceship was a godsend.All through the rest of the fight, Star-Lord and his copilot or gunner had been smartasses on the airwaves, but at least still ready to follow orders. The man that struts out of the ship is not quite what Steve expected. Younger, for sure, he must not be much more than over 35 years old if it's a race that follows Earth metabolism. The guy is tall, well built, and pretty handsome, too. He's garbed in dark red leather, and visibly likes to be the focus of the attention of the Avengers that are present at the moment, which is himself, Natasha, Clint and Rhodes, who hasn't opened his facemask."Aww," Star-Lord says, when he reaches the ground. "I wonder if I should kiss the asphalt or something."Biting down on a groan of pain as he gets up and puts his shield on his back, Steve walks up to the guy and offers his hand to shake."Thank you for your help, Star-Lord," he says.It makes him grin widely. "My pleasure."He's distracted by Tony landing Iron Man right next to them. Tony pipes up in Steve's ear.
"Not quite what I expected. Do you think he's really on our side?"It's not like Steve can answer out loud, but he does a minute shrug, knows Tony has seen it."Very cool, by the way," Star-Lord says, gesturing to the armors, and then at Steve. "And the costume, too, very inspirational."Steve never quite got over the embarrassment of being dressed up as a national symbol, and he can feel his cheeks heat. It's hard enough to explain what the uniform is supposed to mean to the rest of the world, so it's downright weird for people from other planets."It's a long story," Steve says. "Means a lot to some people."He doesn't miss Tony's snort of amusement on comms. He's one to talk, though, Steve knows that under the now jaded exterior, Tony had quite the hero worship for Captain America growing up."Yeah, yeah, I get it," Star-Lord says with a nod. "My Grandpa loved the comics."Natasha, who's standing at Steve's side, tilts her head. "Captain America comics?"Star-Lord is beaming now. "Yes! I even had a shield when I was five. Nowhere as good as yours, though. Man, seeing you throw it is a thing of beauty.""You're from Earth?" Steve asks. It's the only thing that makes any sense, with what he's saying."Originally, yes!" Star-Lord says with a nod. "I got… let's say…" he makes a face. " Forcibly adopted when I was eight. Yeah. Let's call it that.""Name and last known address?" Iron man asks. Then, in Steve's ear alone or at most the Team, he adds, "I can't believe I am hearing this with my own two ears. Forcibly adopted? He means abducted by aliens, I suppose? Jesus.""Peter Jason Quill, St-Charles, Missouri.""Huh," Iron man says, a second later. "That checks out. In 1988, an 8 years old boy named Peter Quill ran away after the death of his mother, Meredith Quill. No info of whether he was found or not.""Yeah, no. Yondu never came back close enough to Earth for me to pass a message along." The pause that follows is long, and Peter makes a pained expression. It almost looks like guilt. "Maybe I could have, but. I wonder if-""Gregg Quill is still alive, yes," Tony says, quite kindly, considering."Hey Quill! Can you stick to the script? I am sick and tired of being cooped up in your damn ship."It's the same voice from the comms, earlier. Reflexively, Steve unhooks his shield, ready to throw. Both Tony and Rhodey raise a repulsor and Quill grimaces."Oh, right. Okay, so I'm Terran but my friends are not. I swear we just came to help. So please don't shoot my Team?""Fair enough," Steve says, gesturing for everyone to stand down. As a show of his own good faith, he puts the shield on his back again."Okay, guys, come on down!" Peter says.The first of Quill's crew to appear is a lean woman with green skin, who looks stern and mistrustful, followed by a second woman with blue skin who scowls even more, part android or so it seems from here. By their side is a bulky man with grey-green and red skin covered with intricate tattoos, who doesn't look much friendlier, a petite woman with honest to God antennas, and a middle-aged man in an almost punk get-up and more red leather. In fact, it seems like they all wear an uniform 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
no infinity war (movie) spoilers
tony&peter flirting
Pining Steve Rogers
Jealous Steve Rogers
Possessive Behavior
Love Confessions
First Kiss
First Time
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

