Chapter 1





Chapter Text
For days the falling star made the night brighter, but wise-folk could not discern its meaning. Some said it foretold of darker days ahead, others that it was the dawning of a new era. The dwarves of Erebor took it as a sign that their reclaiming of the Mountain was blessed, while the people further east took it to their hearts each in his own way, as was the custom of the peoples there. When the star finally fell, its path took it across the sky to the east. Many were afraid at seeing its fiery trail, but as it led away from all good folk and landed where no man saw it, people quickly forgot it had ever appeared in the sky at all. Only a wizard walked the long way to find its final resting place. It lay just beyond the peaks of the Blue Mountain, overlooking the sea of Helcar, on whose eastern shore lay the Waters of Awakening where once elves had awakened to the world. It was not an elf that awoke in the Mark of the Star, but a being from another world. The wizard was an old man in appearance, white of hair and beard, with blue robes and a brimless blue pointed hat that flopped backwards in the wind and did little to protect his ears. He carried always with him a brown bag slung over his shoulder, and his wooden walking stick, topped with a blue stone. The blue-clad wizard found the Mark of the Star on the top of a mountain, or what was left or it. The top of it had gone completely, replaced by an enormous crater, which he called the Mark. He climbed all the way to its ridge, and saw that in its centre lay a man, or a creature alike in shape at least. He used his staff to quickly descend the gravelly side of the new slope. The man in the middle of the crater was long and slim, wearing green armour. His hair was short and black, and his skin pale as the elves, and as beautiful. He looked young, no more than twenty for a man. The wizard looked him over, walking all the way around him to observe from every angle, before poking him not-too-gently with his stick. The young man opened his eyes. At first he seemed confused, then amazed, then afraid. He sat up quickly, taking in the strange place he was in before noticing the blue wizard. He looked at him as if he was a ghost. 'Where am I?' the man asked in the common tongue, or by some magic made it seem that way. 'I take it you mean somewhere wider than this particular mountain,' the blue wizard said with a kind yet mischievous voice. 'So, I shall begin as wide as I can go. You are on the world called by some Arda. For most of its inhabitants, it is the only world they know. You are on the second continent, which by some is called Ennorath, or simply Middle-Earth. You are in the north-eastern part of that continent, in an area known to some as Rhûn, or East-Dorwinion. The mountain you are on is part of the lesser Blue Mountains, overlooking the inland sea of Helcar to the east. The land and climate are good, and well-suited to the making of wine, but I would warn you of creatures that travel by night. Orcs and goblins they are called. There are bears and wolves as well, but they seldom trouble those with fire and blade. Some men of this land serve the Darkness to the south, but mostly they are a friendly, if reserved folk.' The long speech left the visitor wide-eyed and even more confused. He looked about himself as if to spot the joke. He rose and tested his footing, but the ground was solid. 'I am alive,' he said. 'Indeed. You do not appear to me as a ghost or spirit.' 'I... I fell,' the young man looked up at the sky. 'Yes, for many days.' 'Days?' 'Almost a week.' 'The Bifrost must have done something to me.' He looked about the ground for some sign. 'It was broken, but there must have still been vast amounts of energy-' he stopped, fixing his stare on the wizard again. 'Do you know of what I speak?' 'I have not heard of a Bifrost,' the wizard said. 'I have the ability to travel to only one other world, and that is only once, and in one direction.' 'But you have magic? I sense it.' 'Indeed, I am known as the Blue Wizard. Some call me Morinehtar, or Alatar, or for a more dramatic naming, they might use Darkness-Slayer.' 'Darkness-Slayer?' the man almost smiled. 'You have great power?' 'As great as my brother, Pallando, but we are not the greatest among our Order. If it is a way home you seek, then it is the Head of our Order you must ask.' 'Home,' the young man looked stricken at the thought. He looked to the sky. It was a cloudless day, and far too bright to see which star he had come from. 'Yes, I suppose I must get back, somehow. To one of the Nine Realms at least.' 'I will take you to him,' the blue wizard offered. 'Why? Why would you help me?' 'There is a Darkness in this world,' the blue wizard said, 'its power grows almost daily. A foreign magic such as yours can only be trouble. For you, or for us.' He gave the young man such a fierce look, the man knew at once the old wizard was more than just old, he was ancient. 'Be warne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thranduil

freeform: 
Crossover Pairings
Porn With Plot
Action/Adventure
Romance
Big Brother Thor
Parent Frigga
Loki Angst Over Jotunness
First Time
Epic Battles
Magical Artifacts
Crossover magic makes weird things happen
Torture
Switching
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki/Thranduil

