Work Text:
 
There’s snow drifting in through the broken windows that empty out onto the vacant loading docks illuminated by dim streetlights. November is a little early for snow, even in the Northeast where the weather seems to do whatever it wants whenever it wants, but the novelty of the first year’s snow is lost on Peter. He hears the crunch of glass underfoot from the window he broke, littered on the floor of the warehouse he shouldn’t be in in an area of upper bay he’s never been before. There are sounds from outside the building that could be close or could be far; he hears a police siren that sounds like it’s heading in the opposite direction that gets drowned out by the sound of the warehouse door crashing to the floor in a flurry of dust and splinters. There’s the distinct cacophony of gunfire and yelling around him that bounces off the metal walls until he can’t discern how far away anyone is or even how many people are rushing towards the katana wielding madman who apparently got tired of waiting for the party and brought the party to them. 

The moment Deadpool kicks the warehouse door down, boots trailing bloody footprints and with three bullet holes already clear through his left shoulder, Peter knows he’s fucked up. Before the mercenary’s grand entrance there had still been some irrational part of Peter’s subconscious that would have swore up and down that he totally still had this entire thing under control. He’s been tied to a metal chair, bleeding out of the gash they left on his side, for an indiscernible amount of time and he can’t remember the last time his ears were ringing this badly, but he totally still had it under control. The threshold for his mistakes should probably be smaller at this point, but even he has to admit that when Deadpool shows up things are probably about as bad as they’re going to get.

Peter had sort of made Happy a promise to lay low and keep himself out of city-destroying trouble  and, while he thinks he could argue about the details of that promise until he’s blue in the face, he’s pretty sure this is the exact opposite of “laying low.” Karen would tell him the definition of “laying low” and precisely how he’s fucked this night up, but she’s in his mask and he’s pretty sure they destroyed that sometime between taking turns bruising his face and injecting him with their science experiment of the day. She would probably also give him some fairly concerning information regarding the exact amount of blood he’s lost and how blood is required for squishy humans to live, but she can’t so he’s going to pretend everything is fine. Anyway he slices it there’s no real denying the difference between stopping little old ladies from getting mugged in dark alleys and getting kidnapped by the drug lord he wasn’t even supposed to be tailing for the last two weeks. This isn’t even anywhere near his own neighborhood - or even anywhere he’s that familiar with - but he’d managed to get the warehouse location out of a particularly mouthy goon and sitting on that information and doing nothing had felt crazy when he knows how dangerous the chemicals these guys distribute are. 

Peter doesn’t really have any idea how long he’s been tied to this metal chair or how long he’s been bleeding. He’s lightheaded, and feels mildly delirious from both panic and blood loss, and his accelerated healing has apparently taken a sabbatical because he hasn’t seen or heard from it in however-agonizingly-long he’s been here. There are two sloppy puncture wounds on his upper arm and he’s a little apprehensive about the fact they have probably injected him with the very same drugs he had intended to stop them from distributing in the first place. There’s a really good chance that whatever drug they injected him with is messing with his ability to heal himself; there’s a really good chance that whatever they’ve injected him with is the reason he feels like peeling his skin away from his bones piece by piece. 

There is a spreading puddle of gore and blood trailing to the floor grate in the center of the room and Peter thinks it says a lot about his current state of well being that he doesn’t feel bile rising up in the back of his throat like normal. It probably says a lot about his current state that seeing Deadpool brings him some sense of relief instead of hesitant trepidation. Although he knows there’s a really good chance that Deadpool is probably angry, since he’d been tracking this operation for weeks before Peter had gotten involved and Peter had promised that he would keep him in the loop. This is probably one of those shows of trust that Peter has invariably messed up without intending to. He should really stop promising people that he’s not going to do dangerously stupid things on a whim. 

“What did I fucking say?!” Deadpool yells from across the room as though on cue, skewering someone in a lab coat with one katana like they’re made of paper and flinging the second katana through the eye socke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Frottage
First Time
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Underage Character(s)
Age Difference

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

