Work Text:

I want nothing you have to offer. Damn you and all of Asgard, old man - you can all burn and I will laugh to see you fall. 
Loki rehearsed the words over and over, repeating them in his mind until he was certain he could speak them without hesitation, without his voice shaking or wavering. When Odin returned he would say them. Odin’s mercy was a lie as everything else he had offered Loki was a lie. He would not reach for it. Would not ask for it. He would not let them forget him, would not let them bury him in a cell to rot.He would take the axe, first. Perhaps he would challenge Odin to wield it himself. Think on what you want, Odin had said, and Loki knew it was not truly a choice. It was bait, and Loki was not going to take it. Content with his decision, he slept. Or at least, intended to sleep. He woke up screaming, howling like an animal, and Eir herself (he was told) had to use magic to sedate him. Loki only vaguely remembered all of this, except that he woke with his throat raw and no sign of Odin. Of course, Loki thought bitterly. Odin would make him wait. Make Loki ask for the gift of his presence. Well, he would not ask. Let Odin, for once, be the one to come to him. Thor, however, did come. “Loki,” he said with a wan smile. “I am glad to see you...looking well.”Loki barked a laugh. “You are no better a liar than you ever were.”“I am glad,” Thor said more forcefully, striding over, and against his will Loki remembered the brush of his thumb wiping blood away from the corner of his mouth. He pushed the memory away, hard. “Then was the looking well the lie? Or being glad to see me in such a state? After all, I must be so much easier to pity when I am dying in your arms.” Loki thought he saw Thor flinch. “Do not say such things,” he said. “You know it is not true.”“Do I.” Loki turned his gaze back toward the ceiling. “What do you want, Odinson?” He could hear Thor falter. Startled, no doubt, that things were not going according to his plan. “I wanted to see you. Father has not allowed it until now. He said you needed rest.”“I am sure he did,” Loki said coldly. So his isolation was intentional. Perhaps meant to break down his resistance. And Thor to do the same? Well, the old fool would be disappointed. “And you have seen me. Begone.” “Loki…” Thor sounded reproachful. Loki twisted to snarl at him, and gasped at the spike of pain through his still mending innards. Thor was at his side in a moment, hand on his shoulder. “Brother, lie back - I will call the healers-”Loki grabbed his arm. “No,” he said harshly. “It is unnecessary.” Thor looked doubtful, his expression prodding at something Loki tried to keep buried. “I am sorry,” he said. “I did not mean to upset you, while you are still healing. I only wanted...I have missed you.” Loki laughed, even if it hurt. “As a light misses its shadow.” Thor’s expression darkened again. “No,” he said. “As I missed my brother, whom I love.” Loki turned his head away to better mask his expression. “Did the All-Father send you here?”“What? No!” Thor sounded startled by the question. “I had to ask him to allow...what did you speak of? He would not say.”Loki wondered why Odin had not shared the news of Loki’s treachery, the depths of his perfidy. “I do not see that is any of your business.”“But I would know,” Thor persisted. “It seemed to distress him. I know you do not believe he cares for you, but he-”Loki hissed. “You are here for him,” he said. “To plead his case? To try to persuade me to beg for his clemency? Tell him that he can come and speak to me himself. I will not accept you as a messenger to bear my words hence.” Thor seemed startled. “I only wish to understand,” he said. Loki turned to his side, facing away from Thor, closing his eyes and pressing his lips together. Thor continued to try to speak, but Loki held his silence close until he gave up and went away. What trick was this? What test was Odin giving him? Loki worried at the question until exhaustion overcame him and he slept a sleep of nightmares where Odin and Thanos tugged him back and forth between them until they ripped him in two.
The healers fussed over him interminably. They poked and prodded and examined until Loki wanted to hiss and curl away from them, their hovering faces flashing to something else and then back again. It made his skin crawl and left him edgy and restless, struggling to stay still even if moving set him to aching. He hadn’t realized how far he had pressed his body, heedless of his own needs, until he had nothing to occupy his mind. Nothing except chewing at his own tail, picking over Odin’s words and rehearsing what he would say to the old man, trying to shut out his doubts. 
What do you want, Loki?
As though it mattered what he wanted. It was Frigga, next. Loki flinched from her and then forced his lip to curl. “I am amazed that he did not send you first, thinking to soften me for his manipulations.” Frigga did not ask which he Loki meant. She sat down graceful
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Odin
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Family Feels
Family Drama
Angst
Loki Angst
Odin's B+ Parenting
Post-Avengers (2012)
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Mental Health Issues
things are sort of better than they are in canon
Father-Son Relationship
this isn't what therapy looks like
Loki Has Issues
Implied/Referenced Torture

fandom: 
Loki & Odin
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

