Chapter 1: Recruiting
    




Chapter Text
Peter comes back to consciousness slowly.  His thoughts are thick and sticky, like his brain is a bowl full of pudding.  He’s aware he’s somewhere comfortable and warm.  Out of the cold, sharp rain and if his eyelids can be trusted it’s no longer dark beyond them.  Now to just ease them open...“Fuuuuuuck,” he groans.“Language,” says a voice somewhere above him.Peter forces open an eye.  Just his right one, because his left one is stuck shut.  Swollen shut?  Hopefully not gone.  He doesn’t know because his entire head is pudding and pain.“Mmmmnot– where?” Peter asks.Eloquent.“Avengers tower,” says the voice.That gets Peter’s attention.  He struggles a little.  Tries to make sure his mask is still in place.“Don’t hurt yourself, kid.  Or– don’t hurt yourself any more than you’re hurt.  I had to cut off your mask to make sure you hadn’t brained yourself.”Peter’s hand stops in mid-air.Shiiiiiiit.“Yeah…” the man says says.  "I know who you are, Parker.  But I’m not going to tell anyone.  I probably should, considering you’re like six, but I’m not going to subject you to one of Cap’s lectures. I’m nice like that.“It’s Tony Stark speaking.  Oh, god, it’s Tony Stark.  Now that Peter knows where he is the rest of his mental functions start to catch up.  There’d been a bad guy.  A concussion canon.  The vibrations had done something weird to his web and he’d swung into a building way too fast.  He’d been twenty stories up.  It was a miracle he’d survived the fall.Peter’s breath starts to come more quickly as the weight of all this begins to sink in.“Hey– are you okay?  J, is the kid dying or is this a panic attack?” Tony asks.“His vitals are within normal limits for his age, sir," a disembodied voice replies.“Which is six.  Right?  We’ve established he’s practically a fetus?”“Peter Benjamin Parker is sixteen years old and three months.  A fetus is generally–”“Spare me the birds and the bees,” Tony says to the voice in the ceiling.  "I know how babies are made.“Why is there a voice in the ceiling?  Wait.  Did he say that out loud?"You did,” Tony says.Peter tries to push himself up again and Tony leans over him and nudges him right back down.“Stay where you are.  You’re going to hurt something.”“Ceiling voice says I’m fine,” Peter reminds in a pained whisper.  Trying to sit up was a mistake.“Ceiling voice has a name.  That’s JARVIS.  Show some respect.”“Sorry, Mr. Jarvis,” Peter groans.“Better,” Tony says.  "So look.  I think we need to have a talk.“"Are you going to tell my Aunt what I do?”“I’m not going to tell anyone what you do,” Tony says.  "But you’re going to stop doing it in your pajamas.  You wanna be a superhero, I’m the last person who's got a right to stop you.   We’re going to upgrade your gear, though.  Together.  Consider yourself hired.“"Hired for what?”“You’re my new intern.  Congratulations.  The hours are terrible, the pay’s fair, and you get a whole new Spider-suit out of the deal.”“You’re going to pay me?” Peter asks.  He’s starting to realize this might be a dream.“Unpaid interns depress me,” Tony says.  "Is that a yes?“Peter doesn’t really need to think about it.  "Yes.”“Good. You start tomorrow.  I’ve got an uber coming for you in twenty minutes.  I don’t know where you hide your civilian clothes so I had JARVIS order whatever he thought would fit from the souvenir shop across the street.  Get dressed.  Get home.  Be back tomorrow at ten AM.   Understand?  And no spider powers between now and then.”“Yes, sir.”“See you tomorrow, Parker.”“Wait– does this make me an Avenger now?” Peter asks.Tony sighs.  "Since I’m not Clint “if you walk out that door you're an Avenger” Barton, the answer to that is no.  But if we need you– I guess the better answer is ‘we’ll see’.“Peter can’t help but smile at that.  An internship.  A superhero gig.  A new suit.  Money.For a day that involved a pretty massive blow to the head, things ended up just peachy.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Fluff
Panic Attacks
Bullies
The Birds and the Bees Talk
You Will Pry Jarvis Out of My Cold Dead Hands
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Harley Keener
Tony Stark Defense Squad
mentions of child abuse
Coming Out
Bisexual Peter Parker
avengers reconciliation
It'll take more than 21 chapters but they will get there
Slow Burn
I only write happy endings for Tony

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

