Chapter 1: Autograph
    




Chapter Text
The bar was cozy, it smelled nice, moonlight entered from his high windows and the smell of good coffee and food lingered in the air. It was definitely one of the best place Wade had ever stopped by.The guy at the counter was nice too, an old man who offered him free peanuts with the beer he ordered. Wade knew he was looking at him with friendly worry, probably alarmed by his pale face, the dark circles under his bloodshot eyes and dry mouth, but he didn’t ask anything and kept talking about normal things, such as the weather outside, politics and superheroes. Wade answered and commented as best as he could, trying to ignore the pounding headache that had been haunting him for months.“And I’m not saying I’m not grateful to Captain America, no freaking way, son.” the bartender was saying as he cleaned the counter with a wet cloth. “But he should really be more hard with those bad people he fights. A real punishment or they will never learn their lesson!”“Captain America isn’t ruthless, old pal.” Wade chuckled, suppressing a bad fit of coughs. “The bad people he fights shit themselves just seeing him appear. That’s lesson enough.” He wheezed and drank more beer hoping it would clear his throat.The old bartender eyed him sadly and passed him more snacks.“It’s good seeing him again, you know?” he then continued while Wade started eating some chips. “It’s like a fragment of my past just came back from the war. I hope he’s not so confused anymore, poor boy.”“Yeah, he’s my hero too.” Wade nodded looking at his reflection on the mirror behind the counter. “I remember seeing him on TV when I was little. He was cool as fuck.” The reflection frowned and the mercenary adjusted his jacket and collar, grunting when the motion made his head sting again.“You okay?” the old man finally asked; probably curiosity and worry won over him. “You don’t look good.”Wade bit his lips and the paper in his back pocket suddenly felt heavier, hot against the old jeans. That paper was a promise, the key to a better future without pain and death, but it also contained so many uncertainties and he was scared. He didn’t want to die, of course, but what if that program wasn’t true? What if they were all a bunch of lies and shit?However the reflection in the mirror convinced him. It always did, together with pain, endless headaches and blood spitted in the basin every morning.“I’m… not feeling well in this period, no.” he admitted. There was no point in denying it, plus the old man looked like a gentle person. Wade coughed some more before concluding with a smirk: “But I will be okay soon. I found a solution.”The bartender hummed softly.“I hope it will work then. You are young, it’s old people like me who should give space to the new generations.” A smile appeared on the man’s dark lips and Wade found himself returning it among stabs of pain. “Good luck, son.”“Thanks.”The nice grandpa didn’t continue his chatting, maybe deciding to leave the ill man in peace, and Wade sighed, rested his chin on his hand and closed his eyes, finding comfort in the small noises of glasses being moved and washed, the soft speaking of the few people sitting at the tables, the inviting smell of food.He was so lost in the dark sea of nothingness his mind had fallen into that he didn’t hear the door open.“Oh? Hi there. What can I do for you?”A sniff then a small, scared voice spoke: “I-I’m lost, sir.”Wade opened his eyes and looked at his left; a child with big glasses, combed hair and clean, maybe too-serious clothes was gripping the edge of the counter, barely able to reach it. His brown eyes were scared and full of tears.“I-I was walking with my aunt and uncle, but there were so many people and I didn’t see them anymore.” the child sniffed again, his lower lip trembling dangerously. “It was dark and… and Aunt May always says it’s not safe to walk in the city at night. So I came here.”The bartender instantly softened and cooed.“Oh, don’t worry, sweetheart, you can stay here as long as you want. Where did you lose your aunt and uncle? They may be nearby.”“The flower shop.” the child’s voice cracked and he started sobbing. “What if they never come back, sir? What if they will never find me?”The old man tried to calm him with gentleness, then told him to sit and drink something warm while they waited for his relatives.“Do you like hot cocoa?” and the kid of course nodded with a small smile and tried to climb the stool next to Wade. The mercenary noticed his difficulty and helped him lifting him by the armpits, making him yelp in surprise.“T-Thanks.” the child babbled shyly and Wade smiled at him, returning to his beer. Minutes passed and the kid calmed down completely, thanks to the warm drink and the bartender’s jokes and reassuring words.He occasionally glanced at Wade - the merc could feel his timid stare -, probably curious about his look. The man was big and tall, there were some cuts on his calloused hands, he coughed a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Child!Peter
Alternate Universe
Angst
Humor
Pre!Weapon X Wade
Fluff
Mentions of Cancer

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

