Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Two could be complete without the rest of the world,  Oh, you know I said it just to get you to laugh.
Monday, September 24, 2011: 9:22 pm
It started with the dress.The froofy, lacy,  ridiculous  dress that Deadpool had no business wearing when they were supposed to be dealing with a serious problem.Peter rolled his eyes hard behind his mask.  “This is unbelievable.”“Hey, I warned you,” Deadpool began, following Peter to the window now that Hit-Monkey had vanished (though Peter was going to have to take it easy for a week or two until the bullet wound healed. He blamed Deadpool, obviously).“No, not the monkey part,” he replied. “You.”Deadpool paused, fluffing his fingers into the folds of his skirts and glancing down at them. “Is it the dress?”Peter sighed.“Why are you wearing women’s clothing?”Deadpool paused to consider the question, then offered, “Just because?”“Is this like a Halloween test run or something?” Peter asked, glancing at him again, then quickly looking away. It was ridiculous. Totally unreasonable and unprofessional. So, right down Deadpool’s alley, basically, now that Peter thought about it.“Nah,” Deadpool said, twirling to make his skirts flare out. He seemed pleased with them. Peter had to admit it looked good-- Actually, you know what? No he didn’t. Didn’t matter at all what he thought about it.“You’re in some kind of theatre thing?” he tried again, because there had to be  some explanation. Peter needed to know, now. Some stupid, obsessive part of his brain wasn’t going to let him stop thinking about it until he had an explanation.“Nuh uh,” Deadpool said, clambering out the window after Peter. The assassin monkey thought Deadpool was dead, and obviously wasn’t after Peter. As far as he was concerned, the job was done. “Wanna go get tacos?”“What?” Peter asked, watching Deadpool drop down to the ground. His skirts flew up around his chest as he fell and--Well, he was wearing his suit underneath, obviously, Peter had already known that, but something about the sight still felt almost indecent, and-- “Tacos! It’s Taco Tuesday, Spidey, come on, I’m buying.”“Uh, yeah, it's Monday, but whatever,” Peter agreed. Deadpool clapped his hands together once, then tugged at Peter’s arm to unstick him from where he was crouched on the wall, staring.“Let’s go, baby boy! I know a great place not too far from here that’ll serve you your weight in tacos.” Peter let himself be dragged a ways down the street before he tried again. “Was it some kind of tactic?” Deadpool looked back at him, confused.“What? You mean letting myself get shot?”Peter huffed. “You didn’t  let  yourself get shot, you just got shot.” He tugged his arm free of Deadpool’s grip and fell into step next to him. “The dress, I meant.”“Oh! Nope.”“Then....” Peter waited for Deadpool to explain himself, but all he did was start to flounce his skirts as he walked, as though remembering they were there.“Just because,” he repeated, examining one of the holes where a bullet had torn the fabric, the eyes of his mask squinted with displeasure. “It’s pretty, isn’t it? Gotta sew it up a little now, but it’s nothin’ I can’t handle.”“It’s pretty,” Peter echoed. Deadpool nodded as though Peter had just agreed with him, leaving the hole alone and bouncing up to a hole-in-the-wall looking place.“I’ll grab the grub: you just gotta wait here and look sexy,” he informed Peter. He opened the door, glanced back, and gave him a thumbs up. “Just like that, hot stuff, good goin’.”Peter made a face at his back as he vanished through the door, well aware that he wouldn’t have seen it even if he’d looked.He waited for a minute on the sidewalk outside the restaurant before it occurred to him that now would be a good time to leave. He wasn’t entirely sure how he’d agreed to this little outing in the first place.Deadpool wearing the dress because it made him feel pretty was... distracting. Did he have any other clothing that made him feel pretty? What if he wanted to feel something else? Did Deadpool ever want to feel ‘cute’? What would he wear then? Why would a man who was built the way he was ever want to feel ‘pretty’, anyway? Peter could understand wanting to feel ‘sexy’, for example, anyone could easily want that.What would he wear then?Abruptly, Peter cut that thought process off. He was going to leave now, wasn’t he? That was what he’d been thinking about just a second ago.He could see Deadpool through the grimy windows, speaking with the young woman behind the counter. She was laughing as he spoke, and a moment later, he curtseyed.Peter turned his back on the restaurant, crossing his arms and tapping one finger impatiently against his elbow. He didn’t seem to be leaving, though he knew reasonably that he should.It was a free dinner, at least. Peter shouldn’t turn that down, that’d be dumb. Starving college student and all. And it’d be rude to just disappear. Aunt M
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Felicia Hardy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
past Peter/Gwen - Relationship

freeform: 
Age Difference
Slow Burn
pining!Peter
Three OCs - Freeform
Angst
Fluff
Long story is long
The Avengers - Freeform
Music
Spideypool - Freeform
Spideypool Big Bang
Peter is 20 at the beginning of the story
Responsible Wade
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Bisexual Peter
Musician Peter
Science Nerd Peter
Character Study

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Felicia Hardy/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Flash Thompson
past Peter/Gwen - Relationship

