Work Text:
   Wade has been observing Peter for some time now, given that they'd been “dating” long enough for Wade to spend most of his days taking up as much space as possible in Peter's tiny apartment. He had observed, for example, that the younger man was incredibly intelligent, loving, and somewhat needy when it came to affection. He had a few quirks, certainly. Peter mostly ate pureed foods, and seemed to wind down to an almost stupor when the weather turned bitterly cold, his limbs held close to his body as he stared off into the void. But those things aside, Wade had been most intrigued by the way in which Peter slept. Or, perhaps, didn't sleep. Less time spent sleeping meant more time spent fucking each other into a blissful state of incoherence.    See, Peter didn't sleep as frequently a regular person - considerably less so, it seemed. He wasn't exactly human, so he got a bit of slack. But that didn't mean that he didn't need to sleep  at all. Wade glares at his baby boy from his sprawling position on the couch as Peter stumbles toward the kitchen for a cup of coffee (which was distressing in its own right, given how caffeine affected him).    “Go to sleep, snookums,” Wade makes a feeble attempt at having it sound like a suggestion, rather than a command.    “Nah - jus’ got like… a lil chem…” Peter slurs, obviously no longer capable of complete sentences.    Wade glares again. “You're not even speaking English anymore. Go. To. Sleep.” He crosses his arms for effect: “Or I'll make you.”     His pet spider shuffles back in the direction of the desk, grumbling incoherently. Something about hydrocarbons and just a few more. Whatever. Wade didn't particularly give a shit. He snatches a wrist, spins his smaller partner around and lays him over his lap, keeping the thin wrist in an iron grip. Peter makes a noise of surprised irritation, swatting blindly at the older man.    “Go to bed now, or get a spanking.” Wade offers darkly.    “S’jus’ like… three more… things…” Peter responds, drunk on sleep deprivation. He’s struggling weakly, one hand pinned to his lower back, while the other fails ineffectually. Wade plucks the offending appendage out of the air, and tucks it away next to the already captive wrist.    Wade sighs, “Oh, my little prince.”    He had known that this was the way his ultimatum would go - Peter wasn't easily swayed at the best of times, and when he got tangled in his homework he turned into a right stubborn  ass. It was testament to Peter's level of exhaustion that not only had he missed the use of that particular pet name, but he seemed to have forgotten that he could easily lift Wade's entire body weight - had done so any number of times, as a point of fact. Peter wriggled peevishly, his fingers flexing in fits and bursts.    Wade lands the first blow gently, just a warning shot to let his little pet know what was coming. Peter gasps, jerking against Wade's thighs, and going very, very still. He holds his breath, perhaps breathing through his skin like he was wont to do when startled. Wade decides that he'd much rather hear Peter whining and gasping.    “What did Daddy say about being quiet when we're at home?”    The second blow lands with a stinging crack.    Peter squeals.      Wade grins, beginning to lay down the punishment. He doesn't count, doesn't make Peter count. Just lands slap, after slap, after slap. Eventually he decides that Peter’s getting too quiet, and pulls down the hideous plaid pyjama pants, and tie-dye boxer briefs (for someone with such incredible colour perception, Peter's fashion sense was  atrocious ). Peter began to squirm again, his knees pinching together as his wrists jerked in Wade's steely grasp. Wade shifts his stance, sliding his thigh farther down Peter's torso so he could press into his baby boy’s eager erection.    “Daddy told you to go to bed, pet.” Wade growls. Peter tenses for a moment, then collapses as he usually does when Wade trots out the power play. “Good boys always listen to Daddy, don't they?”   “Yes, Daddy,” Peter whispers, throat dry.    Wade spanks him harder, earning a yelp.    “Then why didn't you listen to Daddy?” Wade demands, now smoothing his palm over the abused flesh of his little prince's ass.    “I thought I could do it…” Peter's coherency is coming back in with the adrenaline spike.    “You thought you knew better than your Daddy?” They both knew it was a trap. There’s absolutely no way to answer that question that won't end in some sort of discomfort.    “I'm sorry, Daddy…” Peter is still whispering, like that will lessen the gravity of his transgression.    Wade sighs. Arranging his arms under Peter's body, he stands and brings his precious cargo to the bed. They had opted for a bedframe with posts for just such emergencies. Quickly yanking the comforter off the bed, he sets about positioning Peter to lay diagonally across the mattress on his side, he shackles the bottom ankle to the bedpost. Leaning up, he fastens both 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
ddlb
Anal Fisting
Bondage
Spanking
Subspace
Topspace
Aftercare
A Bit of Fluff
More spider-like Peter
Under-negotiated Kink
Love Confessions
Some Plot
filthy sex
Post-Coital Cuddling
Dirty Talk
Blasphemy

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

