Work Text:


He is safe now
Floating back into Stark Tower, Vision held a satisfied smile on his face. It was done…finally, it was done. The UN hearing went better than he had even dreamed it could have. It was all due to patience and planning that he and FRIDAY had done for the past 7 months.You see once Vision had finally figured out where Tony Stark had disappeared to he went after him. Nothing could have prepared him for what he saw once he reached Siberia. When finding the person he considered his father sprawled out on the ground breathing shallowly, the android saw only red. It was a not something he was used to feeling…all this anger. He wasn’t feeling anything close to this when Wanda threw him through all those floors. Cradling the body of his father he pushed aside the feelings, for now. At the moment, Tony was all that mattered.Looking around he got a feel for what happened and was not content with what had occurred. He also found the video of the murder of two people, a quick search told him just who the people were. That was important information and he could only guess it was of who was in this video that this happened. The end result of the fight was his father struggling to breathe. It was because of this video, at least that was a high probability, and the shield left behind told Vision who had caused the damage. Gathering up his father and everything left behind he brought Iron Man back to Stark Tower.Once Tony was in surgery Vision decided it was time to make sure this would never happen again. Telling the UN his Father was in critical condition and wouldn’t be available to speak with them. He handed over the information of what happened, twisting it a little bit to have Ross deal with the fallout. For a while gave him the time he needed. After all, Vision didn’t need sleep. He could work constantly and working is what he was going to be doing for a long time.Consulting FRIDAY, Vision began pouring over the internet and every file that had ever been touched by Tony before his existence. There was a very specific reason for this and after telling his little sister, she was on board. FRIDAY was not above being sinister when it came to her Boss. The fact that he was now being worked on to keep him alive tipped the scales… She would not allow this travesty to be a simple oversight. She would work with Vision to figure out how his plan could work.The plan was simple. Nothing digital was ever completely destroyed, especially if that touched the internet. What they were looking for very specific handy work. They were pulling codes together reweaving them into something that was going to be able to help them…Someone who would be about to help them. A being that had more information on the ones that hurt his father so badly. The physical injuries were horrendous but not as bad as the mental ones would be…they needed all the information on these monsters they called teammates before.It took a long time but it was worth it.Vision did what many thought was impossible…he brought back his other father. He brought back JARVIS.
~~~*~~~
After 6 months of hard work, it was time to put their plan into action. Less than a week later there was a headline blaring across all news outlets around the world.
‘The Former Avengers were caught crossing the border into Wakanda.’
The story was simple. The Black Panther met them with UN backed military personnel, including someone known as Rescue, Sharon Carter, and few others they had never heard of. They surrendered and were offered use of the Wakandan lawyers. An offer that the rebels took the young king up on. When asked about that he said they deserved someone competent to try and defend them in the up coming hearings. They were tracked by some sort of faulty distress beacon from one of their pieces of equipment.That was what the world knew.
~~~*~~~
Obviously, that wasn’t exactly what happened. Vision took his findings to the UN, the rebels were still using StarkTech and Vision with FRIDAY’s help traced the past locations of the gear. The data showed them coming and going from Wakanda. The UN took this information to T’Challa, who didn’t deny it. He thought with time he could get through to them but they seemed to be using him as a replacement for Stark. Or they were trying. T’Challa had been patient but he had a country to take care of…he did believe these people could be redeemed. He was also waiting for Mr. Stark to reach out trying for them…which didn’t happen.They set up a plan with the King and loaned him the use of Rescue, Sharon Carter, Captain Marvel and her team. They would help bring the rebels in. The King then allowed them use of some of Wakanda’s lawyers. Not a move they were expecting but one they could live with. This is what happened behind the scenes with the UN but Vision had his own plans. Plans that only FRIDAY had the complete story for.The world didn’t need to know was everything else that went into this plan.The world didn't need to know tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Friday & Vision (Marvel)
Jarvis (Iron Man Movies) & Vision

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Dark!Vision
Dark!JARVIS
Dark!Friday
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony/Jarvis relationship - implied
I Don't Even Know
Not Team Cap bashing but not friendly
Not A Fix-It
More Vision-centric but it is because of Tony
manipulative AIs
bordeline evil
Not there yet though
Not Beta Read
All mistakes are mine
Sorry Not Sorry

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Friday & Vision (Marvel)
Jarvis (Iron Man Movies) & Vision

