Work Text:

"Thanks for cooking dinner. It was -"

"You should go. To him, I mean. No hard feelings. We're still a team. Nothing will change even though we're over."

"...."

"Seriously. It's fine. I know you want him. You should find him and then have what you want."

"... Thank you."
Tony's throat ached. Taking a shot of vodka didn't help. If anything, it just made him feel even more maudlin. He didn't know why he kept doing this. Re-watching the precise moment that his and Steve's relationship had officially ended was like the worst kind of torture. It brought that awful feeling of suffocation roaring back, especially since he could see details now that he couldn't see at the time, when he'd been too busy drawing on every ounce of strength to hold himself together until Steve hurried out of the room.Things like the wariness on Steve's face when Tony first spoke, which all too quickly changed to shock and then - like a knife to the heart - relief. That relief confirmed everything Tony needed to know: if he ever started thinking that maybe he'd made a mistake, watching this minute-long video would set him straight. Steve had never really wanted him. Tony was a convenient stand-in. Second best, if that. And as soon as Steve had found out that Bucky was alive, it was like Tony ceased to matter. They'd barely hard a relationship in the end, as Steve's time away searching had grown longer and his greetings to Tony colder."Play it again, FRI," he said hoarsely, grabbing the bottle. In spite of how easily that shot had gone down, that was only his first. He watched it again, hand shaking a little as Steve turned and rushed out of the room. Didn't even give a second look to the man who'd funded Steve's life in the future and loved Steve with everything he had, just ran away like an imprisoned man offered freedom.And now here it was two years later. The civil war that had torn the team apart was done and over. Tony had a new team now, and a new life. Even a new lover. Peter Quill, leader of the Guardians, was as different from Steve as anyone could be. He was funny and sarcastic and he loved to dance; that was actually how they'd kissed for the first time, after Peter had grabbed Tony's hands and hauled him up to dance to some music. When a slower song came on, Peter hadn't let go. He'd just leaned in and given Tony the perfect first kiss. It was straight out of an 80's romcom and it made Tony blush a little just remembering it.Or at least it did usually. Now it was just cause for more heartbreak, because he was about to lose Peter exactly the same way he'd lost Steve."You sure attract winners, Stark," he muttered, tossing back a second shot. Yet it was hard to be too angry. He couldn't blame Steve or Peter for wanting someone better than Tony Stark. He was hardly the cream of the crop. If anything, he should be grateful that he'd gotten a year with Steve and eight months with Peter. It was foolish to be disappointed that here was another failed relationship. Three for three. Clearly it was time to give up.He contemplated taking a third shot just for luck, but decided against it. Instead, he stored the bottle and wiped his hands on his hands. "Can you let Peter know I'd like to see him?" he asked FRIDAY."Sure thing, Boss."Less than five minutes later, Peter walked into the workshop. "Stardust!" he cried, spreading his arms wide when he saw Tony, as though they hadn't seen each other in days instead of two hours.Tony smiled in spite of himself. "My lord," he said playfully."I love it when you call me that." Peter grinned, walking over to him quickly. "It gets me all fired up. Wanna roleplay? You can be the servant and I'll be your master. Or..." He wiggled his eyebrows. "We can both be servants, running away from our evil master. I personally feel we should cast Rocket as the evil master." He reached for Tony's hands."I don't think Rocket would appreciate that," Tony said, looking down at their joined hands. It had to be now or he would never say it. "You can go to her, Peter. Nothing will change with the team. I understand.""... What?""I don't want to stand in the way of your happiness. I know you want her and that's okay with me." His voice broke just once on the second syllable of the word "okay", but Tony wasn't crying yet so he considered it a win. Somehow, this was harder than it had ever been with Steve. Maybe because he'd allowed himself to dream about a future with Peter, whereas he'd never dared with Steve."No, seriously, what?""You can go," Tony finished, still staring at their hands. Waiting for Peter to rip his hands away and run out the door.But Peter didn't. He did let go with one hand, which caused Tony's heart to skip a couple of beats in dread, but all he did was lift Tony's chin so their eyes met. "I think we're having two different conversations here," he said very seriously. "Or at least, you're having a conversation without me. What are you talking about?"Now Tony had to spell it out? Fuck. It 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
past-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
tony stark is a good man
past break up
Post-Break Up
tony breaks up with steve
steve fucks it up
mentioned Steve Rogers/Bucky Barnes
Implied Sam Wilson/Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst
Angst with feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
well happy for tony anyway
suck it steve
my heart is so bitter
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
peter quill gives good hugs
Protective Peter Quill
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Miscommunication
Communication
yes I used both tags
one turns into the other
tony stark moves on from the avengers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
tony stark is full of compassion
like just once I wish he'd be selfish
Protective Peter
Fluff and Angst
all the feels in the world IMO
steve rogers has a one track mind
tony stark deserves the world

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
past-Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

