Work Text:

Peter cursed under his breath when he felt the blade slice his skin. He lifted his hand to his mouth and sucked on the spot where he was bleeding. 
 
He has been working on this stupid computer monitor since that afternoon and it still was no closer to being finished. Before Spider-Man, when Peter had time to mess around with electronics, he would have been able to finish this in an hour. 
 
Now he couldn't even concentrate to get the simple parts down. The headache that hadn't left for the past few days was still slamming the inside of his skull at full force. And it was hard to see straight. Everything was fuzzy and he got dizzy when he tried to focus on one thing. 
 
He looked back down at his hand and saw it was still bleeding. Which was weird since it was only a small slice and his healing should have already started to kick in. 
 
He just shook his head and went back to work. He didn't have time to really worry about that. He wanted to finish this computer. It was the easiest way to keep his mind off of sleeping. 
 
Because sleeping was no good. Sleeping was just an excuse for his mind to torture him over and over and over again until he woke up. 
 
The last night he slept, which was too long go for Peter to remember when it was, Aunt May came rushing into his room when he woke up screaming. And she was holding him and shaking him before he was even awake. 
 
Her hands were too hard to tell apart from Dustin’s when he was asleep and especially, reliving the worst night of his life. So he screamed and kicked and threw her off of him. 
 
Her yelp brought him back and he still could remember her looking up at him with horrified eyes. Peter had hurt her. He had tried his best to always control his strength around her but it had taken one nightmare for him to let go. 
 
He locked his door every night after that. 
 
But it was easier to just stay awake because if he started to scream in his sleep again and May came running to a locked door, she would freak out. 
 
As long as he stayed busy, he could stay awake. Even if it meant fixing up a crappy computer monitor that would help him with nothing. 
 
Well, actually it did help him. It was a distraction. A much needed distraction.


Peter was late to school the next morning. Not because he overslept. But because he missed the freaking subway. 
 
He was out of his room early, hoping that Aunt May had already left for work but when he walked out of his room, she was just setting a plate of eggs on the table. 
 
She smiled up at him and tucked a strand of her behind her ear. “I made you some breakfast. It's been awhile since you've sat with me to eat something.”
 
Peter tried to sleep out. “I gotta run, Aunt May. I have a test first period--.”
 
“Nonsense. You have some time to eat. Most important meal of the day.” She pulled out the chair for him.
 
Just looking down at the plate made him nauseous and it wasn't because of his Aunts inability to cook. He swallowed down that feeling as he walked past the table. 
 
Before he could make it out of the kitchen, Aunt May grabbed his arm. He turned around around to stare at her, hoping that would be enough for her to let him go. 
 
“Eat.” It wasn't a suggestion. 
 
Peter quickly fell into the seat. He wasn't going to ignore an order. Bad things happened if did that. He lifted up the fork with some egg on it and brought it to his mouth. 
 
He chewed and swallowed it, taking much longer than it should have. But May didn't seem to mind. She smiled down at him. “Good, boy.” 
 

“Stop kicking or else I'll make it hurt.” 

 

Peter went still. 

 

“Good, boy.” 

 
Peter dropped the fork to the table and it fell to the floor. Aunt May didn't seem to notice anything wrong. She rubbed his hair and said, “Be careful. I've gotta run to work now. I don't want you gone until those eggs are. And don't try to fool me. I know when you throw your food in the trash.” 
 
She leaned down to give him a kiss and it took all of Peter's self control to not pull away. 
 
“I'll see you after school,” she said as she left the room. 
 
Peter didn't move until a few long moments after he heard the front door close. He pushed the food away from him and shoved himself out of the chair. But he stumbled and fell onto his knees. On his way down, he smacked his head on the corner of the table. 
 
He gasped at the pain and lifted his hand to cover his forehead. He pulled back his hand and saw blood covering his palm. He groaned as he attempted to push himself back up. But it was difficult to do with such shaky legs. 
 
Sure, he always felt weak after remembering that night but this was worse. He knew he was back home and he still couldn't control it. He grabbed the chair and pushed himself up, wavering slightly,  but kept his balance. 
 
The small wound on his head was already trickling blood down his face. He could feel it reach his upper eyelid before he used the back of his hand to wipe it. 
 
Grabbing the plate of eggs, he slowly wobbled 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/OMC

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape Recovery
Rape Aftermath
Eating Disorders
Suicidal Thoughts
Talks on Self-Harm
Hurt Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Hospitalization
Depression

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/OMC

