Chapter 1



Notes:
Created for the Stucky Big Bang 2017
Words by 743ish
Art by sallysparrow017
Beta by Dreadnought

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text




June 20, 1945

Even though it’s only been a couple of hours since sunrise, it feels like an honest-to-God eternity before the ship finally approaches New York Harbor.
Most everyone’s out on the decks now, and there’s no room to fucking breathe in deeply, let alone turn around or stretch or find somewhere more comfortable to stand. Bucky’s managed to get a spot by the railing on an upper deck, and his hip’s all bruised up from being pressed hard into the metal barrier. The atmosphere is nice, though. With fifteen thousand men shoulder-to-shoulder, you’d think it’d be rowdy as hell, but right now it’s pretty subdued. Guys are laughing, chattering, excited, but every pair of eyes is trained on the shoreline creeping closer ahead of them.
He sighs heavily. “Shit. It’d be faster to swim.”
A First Lieutenant named Foley snorts. “Barnes, what the hell kinda crawl you thinking of doing with one arm?”
It’s a good point. “Watch me, I’ll race ya,” Bucky grins anyway. “You’re a good officer and all, Foley, but you ain’t in the best shape. I bet I could drown and still get there faster than you.”
They’re all feeling good-natured, so the laughter isn’t mean. “Faster than the damn boat, at any rate,” Foley grumbles. Bucky claps him on the shoulder.
When the Statue of Liberty slides into view, the whole ship roars. It’s deafening. Bucky throws his fist in the air and yells along with everyone else. His heart is in his throat. The Statue of goddamn Liberty. Bucky wants to climb up her robe and kiss her sour green face.
The cheers rise up again as they go by her, and then die back down; most of the guys are just happy to sit and smile and watch the city float lazily into focus. They know they’ve got days more of barracks and bunks and cheap train seats before they’ll get to see their families in Pittsburgh, or Columbus, or Chicago. But Bucky’s home, he can see Brooklyn, and he laughs and shades his eyes from the sun and feels crazy with happiness, and this has to be the slowest fucking boat in the world, but at least he has a good view while he dies of impatience. Manhattan Island, the Brooklyn docks, growing bigger and more real with every minute. The shimmering, sunlit skyline. Home.
An airplane drones overhead. Everyone looks up and watches it disappear into the sun. The wind had dropped after they entered the harbor, but there’s still a cool breeze and it carries the sound from the shore. They can hear the crowds on the docks now, and a band. Buildings are slung with flags and pennants; one of them has a big red banner shouting WELL DONE in huge white letters.
Everyone’s starting to get to their feet again, and the guys in the middle are climbing on each other’s shoulders to get a better view. The figures on the docks are waving and waving, and all the guys on the boat are hanging off the edges to wave back. Bucky’s getting an ache in his arm from it, and it matches the one in his face from smiling. He can’t make out any details of the people on shore—just the shape of the men’s hats and the colors of the women’s dresses, their white gloves fluttering back and forth in the sun—but it feels like every goddamn one of them is waving just for him. He knows one of them is his ma.
Oh God, his ma–and Bucky climbs up to balance on the bottom railing and leans way out to scan the crowd, as if there was any chance she could see him, as if he’d be able to spot her by getting up a bit higher. He wonders who else will be there to meet him; if his dad could get the day off work, if his brother is waiting too. Maybe Becca's there with her little daughters, the two of them in their Sunday clothes, waving tiny American flags.
He doesn’t know if Steve will come down to meet him. He hasn’t had mail all year, too many transfers from hospital to hospital meaning that the mail drops just couldn’t keep up, but he knows his folks must have had a telegram about the boat coming in. They would have told Steve about it.
Bucky kept on writing, even though he wasn’t getting any letters back. God knows he didn’t have anything else to do besides sit and wait and hope that he might actually get back soon. The waiting drove him nuts, so he wrote. Dear Ma, I hope this finds you well. I am as well as I can be, although I miss home. He’d figured they’d all be upset he was wounded, and reassured them carefully in every letter.

I’m just glad I’m still alive. Could have been a lot worse.


It’s nice to be in a real bed.


I don’t have much pain any more. They’re weaning me off the morphine.

He wrote to Steve too. It’s a mess but it don’t hurt. They took everything from just above the elbow.

Don’t go getting any ideas about beating me in a fight. I always said I could take you with one hand behind my back, I guess now I’ll be able to prove it.

He didn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-War
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
no powers
Steve Rogers/OFC - Freeform
Non-Serum Steve Rogers
1940s Bucky Barnes
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Mutual Pining
Jealousy
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Internalized Homophobia
Period-Typical Homophobia
Physical Disability
minor infidelity (by an OC)
Disabled Character
World War II
Period Typical Attitudes
Ableist Language
war injury
References to Illness
Hospitalization
Homecoming
Brooklyn
military parades
1930s
1940s
Alcohol
Pre-War
teenage fumblings
Emotional Sex
Stucky Big Bang 2017
Prosthesis
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The First Avenger
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
both survive wwii
Post-World War II
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Amputee Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

