Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Meanwhile, during Iron Man 2...
Tony was planning the birthday party to end all birthday parties. Literally, for him, since chances were good that he wouldn’t live to see another. Well, maybe “planning” was too strong a word. His current plans consisted of getting drunk and having a ton of people over. “Sir, you have received an email that I think you should read.” Jarvis’ voice came, as usual, interrupting his little pity party.“Really? Does it contain the cure for palladium poisoning?”“No, sir, but I think-““Is it full of amazing party ideas?”“No, it’s -““Then I don’t think it’s relevant, Jarvis. Come on, we’re planning a party here! Let’s stay focused.”“It’s from Sandra from MIT.”“Sorry, that’s not ringing any bells. Is it another donation they want? At this point, sure, let’s leave them a nice chunk of change in my will. I’ve got a will, right? Jarvis, start a will and put MIT on the list.”“Sir, Sandra isn’t a representative of MIT; you had a brief relationship with her when you visited MIT to speak several years ago.”That brought him up short. A “relationship” was probably stretching it by a mile, and several years?  People were usually much quicker to resort to extortion.“Okay, okay, fine; I’ll bite. What does she want?” “She regrets to inform you that she’s dying, and she wants you to know that you have a son that she put up for adoption at birth so she could continue her education. She is sorry that she has not - “Tony cut Jarvis off before he could hear any more about her regret. “Put it up on the screen, let’s see it.”The dates matched up with a vague memory he had of a good time with an MIT grad. She claimed she knew the kid was his because she hadn’t been with anyone else - not that he had any way to verify that. The baffling thing was that she wasn’t asking for money or… anything at all. She just wanted to get her biggest secret off her chest before she died.If it was true, Tony supposed the kid had gotten lucky that he’d been put up for adoption; both of his biological parents were dying at the same time.“Great. Well, that’s depressing, thanks for that, Jarvis. Look, I don’t know if this is even true. Do me a favor, see if you can track the kid down. Find out who he is and add him to my will. He can have a nice chunk of change when I die too.”And with that out of the way, it was back to party planning. A few weeks later found Tony flying low over the ocean running some real-time tests on the newest iteration of his armor - all while staying comfortably under the radar and out of the military’s hair - when Jarvis broke in on his HUD. “Sir, I have the identity of your son if you’d like to see it now.”He came to a stop, hovering over the water. “Sure, throw it up here.”The kid - Tony still couldn’t be sure that he was actually his son - seemed to be in fairly capable hands. He’d been adopted at birth by a Richard and Mary Parker in Queens, New York, and from the school picture Jarvis had managed to pull up, looked like a typical kid of... whatever age he was now.“Vital stats?”“Peter Parker, born March 2, is 9 years-old and currently in fourth grade at Highland Elementary School in Queens. The Parkers have chosen to keep him in a public school, although there are indications that he excels in math and science.”“Math and science, huh? Do they even do science in 4th grade?”“Apparently he enjoys running his own experiments at home, according to school records.”“Hmm.” Tony’s mind raced. The kid wasn’t his spitting image or anything, but from the sound of it he was fairly bright, then again, he didn’t have much of a concept of how smart kids were supposed to be at that age.Jarvis’ voice broke into his thoughts. “Sir, his parents completed a child safety kit with a DNA sample. If you’d like to verify paternity, I could match his record to yours.”Tony sighed. Better to know for sure before going any further, he supposed. Though he really wasn’t sure what he was hoping for. No matter what the results said, he was no father. He was only just starting to get his life straightened out, and the thing with Pepper was still brand new… and he’d been dying just a few weeks ago. He was pretty sure if he were to look up “unstable lifestyle” in a dictionary, he’d see his own picture staring back at him.“Sure, go for it, Jarvis. How long will it take to get results?”“I’ll have to get through the security on the database where Peter’s DNA results are stored, and compare it to the to data I have for you. I’ll also see if  Sandra’s DNA was collected by the hospital where she was first diagnosed in order to get the most accurate results. Approximately ten minutes, sir.”And whoa, that was fast. In ten minutes he’d know whether or not he was a father. Well, again, he wasn’t a father. He doubted he could ever really be a father. But at least he’d know if Peter had come from him biologically. Though he wasn’t even sure what he’d do with that information, if he were honest.Tony realized he’d been h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony is Peter's father
Tony Feels
Alternate Universe
Iron Dad
Tony's POV
covers some past POV
starts in Iron Man 2
covers parts of Civil War from Tony's POV
No character bashing
covers Homecoming from Tony's POV
also goes beyond Homecoming
pre-Infinity Wars
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Angst with a Happy Ending
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

