Work Text:
“Daddy.” She said, soft as a whisper and happy to see him. Her voice, normally low pitched raising an octave and losing the sarcasm. His little girl was happy to see him. Tony adjusted his hardened cock in his trousers. He hoped she didn't notice.“Ooooh. Is that for me?” She purred. His girl shifted from lounging on the settee to the floor on her knees in a move so smooth he wouldn't ruled out that she practiced.“What are you wearing baby?” He watched as she moved, slow and panther like, crawling. The nightie was sheer and black, obscuring her creamy pale flesh. It was also skin tight. He was going to enjoy peeling her out of it.She paused before him, on her knees but torso lifted. Her breasts were clearly visible through the sheer fabric, both nipples pebbled and pink. Her red mouth was parted and smiling and she was looking up at him so prettily. “Do you like it, Daddy? I bought it today.” She plucked at one of the bows on the collar.“Did you? That's very pretty. But I'm confused, Babydoll. Did you buy it?” He paused and watched her eyes grow wide around the blue. “Or did you take Daddy’s credit card without asking.”Her mouth clamped shut and her nostrils flared. She lowered the hand reaching for his belt. “But Daddy…” she started, pouting that sinful mouth.“No buts Baby. You broke the rules.” He said firmly. She held herself extremely still because she knew what happened next. If he were a betting man, she was anticipating what happened next.“Since I'm a nice Daddy, and your nightie is very pretty on you Babydoll, I'll let you pick your punishment.” He smiled when she cocked her head to the side. His little girl thinking hard. Too hard. Her face began to flush and a worry line appeared on her brow.“What's wrong Babydoll?” He laid his hand on her cheek. She leaned into the touch like she was craving it. She even nuzzled his palm leaving lip stick smudges below his thumb. His needy little girl. “Do you want me to give you options?” He asked gently. She nodded her dark head.“Yes please!”“Alright. Rise up Babydoll and join me on the couch.” He had to help her stand, and to walk, her six inch blood red heels too precarious for her to safely walk in. He loved guiding her this way. How his strong and independent little girl would dress up for him and let him take care of her. Also, he loved how, even with the added inches she was still shorter than him.Tony sat on the couch, near the arm, then guided her into sitting on his lap. She curled up, again cat like, her little hands resting on his chest,“Take those off.” He told her and felt satisfied to hear the heels hit the carpeted floor. She tried to curl into him again but he stopped her and slid his hand between her meaty thighs. His little girl made a noise of surprise and braced her tiny feet on the cushions. Tony didn't hesitate to slid his finger through her hot folds and into her soaking quim.“So your punishment…” he said before her eyes could glaze over. He enjoyed her struggle to focus, the way her mouth panted through her want and the way she clamped her thighs shut on his hand to keep him from teasing her. Tony wouldn't let her get away with it but he enjoyed her efforts to pay attention. He tsked at her and pushed her bare knees apart until her bent legs were spread and he could see his hand resting against her mons.“Do not hide from me again.” He commanded as he squeezed the plumpness of her sex. “This is mine.” He growled. “Say it.”“Yours, Daddy.” She didn't tear her eyes from his face like he knew she wanted to. His Babydoll was embarrassed and turned on.“Good Girl.” He praised just to watch the blush spread down from her cheeks to the tops of her breasts. “So you can't decide on your punishment.”“No, Daddy, there are too many.” She was shaking her head and looking worried again. He kissed her forehead and rested his chin there.“I see.” He mused. “Well, there is the ever popular spanking. A tried and true method.” His Babydoll shifted slightly, as of remembering the last time. Good. “There’s the nipple clamps, I know you hate those.” He paused to gauge her reaction. She was sucking in her stomach and not moving to breathe. She really did hate the bite of the clamps on her tender little nipples. He liked the way her eyes would water and she would beg so pretty for him to take them off.“Or we could try something new.” He tapped a finger to her exposed clit. She twitched but didn't protest.“What's that, Daddy?” She breathed through the next several taps by clutching his white dress shirt, leaving wrinkles. He certainly did not mind when she clung to him.“It's called ‘cockwarming’. Do you know what that is Baby?”“No Daddy!” She cried and snuggled closer. His little girl unsure of the new game.“It's when you take my cock into your mouth and you let it rest there. You keep me warm with your throat. For as long as I want. No talking and you have to breathe through your nose. Do you think you could do that?”She lifted up to look at him face to fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark

freeform: 
i did a thing
Daddy Kink
dd/lg
Cock Warming
Vaginal Fingering
Dom/sub Undertones
Tony Fucking Stark
Couch Sex
Couch Cuddles
Tony is a good dom
Breeding
Butt Plugs
showering together
clit spanking

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark

