Chapter 1





Chapter Text
T’Challa is looking over his National Security report when there’s a knock on his door. He calls out, “Enter!”
“My King.” Nareema bows. “A young man appeared at the southern border a couple of hours ago. He’s asking to see you.”
That gets T’Challa’s attention fast. His eyes narrow. “Sounds interesting.” He leans back in his seat.
“His name is Peter Parker. Mr. Parker claims to be Spider-Man.  He has proved his abilities to Teela’s satisfaction,” Nareema announces. “He also claims that Tony Stark is missing, and no one will believe him. You, sir, are his last resort.”
 T’Challa stares.
*
T’Challa hasn’t talked to Tony Stark since the events in Leipzig, two years ago.
One month later, T’Challa received the Binarily Augmented Retro Framing Device with an instruction manual and no other note. None was needed. It was clear that Stark knew—that T’Challa had been there, that he was the one who offered Rogers and Barnes shelter, that T’Challa inadvertently betrayed his father’s memory when he helped the very person responsible for his people’s death evade authorities. At the next UN meeting Stark was called to testify, however, he didn’t talk to T’Challa, didn’t make some subtle reference, Stark didn’t even look at T’Challa. And T’Challa felt ashamed for the first time since he became king.
It has happened a few times since then, but that first time still stung.
T’Challa feels the bitter taste of guilt and shame in his mouth as he enters the interrogation room.
“Good morning,” T’Challa greets.
Peter Parker is a young man with brown hair and eyes, and, from what T’Challa remembers, a lot of unseen strength.
“G-good morning, sir.” Parker stutters. “Ah.” He swallows. “Thank you for receiv—seeing me.”
Parker seems to be having trouble holding eye contact. And yet. Parker is here. It must’ve taken a lot of money, time, effort, and resourcefulness to make it to T’Challa, which means that Parker cares about this meeting a great deal. Maybe a better way of phrasing the problem is: he cares about Stark a great deal.
T’Challa can’t help but respect that and think that Parker gave his respect wisely.
“I am afraid you are going to have to repeat your story,” T’Challa says as gently as possible. “But first, would you like something to eat or drink?”
Parker shakes his head and takes a deep breath. “It happened on Monday between eleven a.m. and eight p.m.,” he says, stressing the hours. “Tony—uh, Mr. Stark, went to a meeting with the Representatives of Orthopedics for the New York Hospitals in the morning because he wanted to donate high-tech prosthetics, and he ended up being invited to Mount Sinai. He was there until eleven. I confirmed. But after he left no one knows anything.”
“Why are you sure he disappeared?” T’Challa asks.
“We were supposed to look over the suit specks for the Spider-Man costume at eight. I knew he wouldn’t miss it.”
“Do the police know?”
“They laughed me out of the station.” Parker looks down with a guilty blush. “Our relationship is not known because nobody knows I’m Spider-Man. And Tony is a hero. They wouldn’t believe me.”
T’Challa raises his eyebrows. “And what is that relationship?”
Parker sends him such a vicious look that T’Challa is taken aback.
“Tony’s my mentor,” Parker says coldly. “He’s been kind enough to protect me, and advise me, and offer me all the resources I need. I would be—”
Lifting a hand, T’Challa interrupts him. “I understand.”
Parker is incandescent in his rage for another few seconds before he deflates. “I’m really worried about him.”
T’Challa smiles his understanding. “How did you know where to confirm?”
“Tony told me. He wondered if he could promise the kids a visit from Spider-Man.”
That may be, but T’Challa is sure it’s not the full story. “You know his schedule.”
“Sometimes.” Parker shrugs. “It’s not like he checks with me every time he leaves the house, but he likes letting me know where I can find him if I need anything.”
Something occurs to T’Challa. “How did you get to Africa?”
“With Mr. Stark’s private jet,” Parker admits with a sheepish smile. “Then a car with a guide, and a boat. Tony told me I could use the money and the jet, and apparently told the pilots too so…” He trails off. “I wouldn’t have used it in any other case.”
T’Challa studies him for several moments. As usual, Stark presents a conundrum. He is very generous, but he’s extremely generous to people he’s close to, and those people, in turn, exceed expectations in some way.
“What do you expect me to do?”
“Find him.”
“And why am I your last resort?”
“There’s nobody else: Mr. Rhodes is in Japan; Ms. Potts only speaks to him through intermediaries; Mr. Hogan won’t speak to him until Ms. Potts does; and Vision is on a round-the-world trip. I don’t know how to get in contact with half of them and the rest wouldn’t believe me.” Parker makes eye contact. “I don’t know where the former Avengers are, but Your Majesty was briefly on his team.”
T’Challa feels the accusation floating unspoken
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Loki/Victor von Doom
(Pre) Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
T'Challa & Peter Parker

freeform: 
POV T'Challa (Marvel)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tramatic Loss of Memory
Consent Issues
Kidnapping
Implied/Referenced Torture
Brainwashing
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Movie: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Thanos War
Team Tony Stark
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Wakanda
Additional Warnings Apply
Christine Everhart Friendly
Therapy
Recovery
Worldbuilding
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Loki/Victor von Doom
(Pre) Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
T'Challa & Peter Parker

