Work Text:
Cassie vacations in Florida and a giant monster attacks. Of course. Since it's Florida and not Manhattan, response time from other heroes will be slow. If at all, there was something big on the news earlier that's probably got all the Avengers on it. So she has to abandon her beach time and suit up.Cassie's not fought a giant monster before—a true giant, not just a couple stories. But she put in years of training to retain her giant size for longer for exactly this occasion. Even if she can't get him down in five minutes of her 175', she's got three hours at 50' and days at 20'. She'll figure something out. She's come back from the dead, she's trained more than when she was a Young Avengers, she's got this.Going from beachwear to super suit isn't a fun transition. She has to strip down, rinse, and put the suit on while still damp and naked. The suit doesn't breathe well so she's going to be stuck feeling damp the entire time she's fighting that thing. Ugh.Better than having sand rub me raw in all the wrong places, she consoles herself as she grows to her full height and takes off running toward the smoke and screaming.The monster has demolished some of the coast and made its way down one of the paths of the Miami river, destroying a few bridges along the way.  People are screaming and fleeing everywhere so Cassie has to step carefully and try not to freak people out even more. She needs to grab its attention so it'll focus on her and not destroying more buildings as it heads inland. She has no distance weapons or brilliant strategies, so nothing to do but meet it head on. Cassie strides forward, considering how to approach taking it down. Tackling will cause more damage. There's a few emptier spots by the river a little further down, but not enough to give her much room to maneuver. "Hey ugly! Pick on somebody your own size."The monster looks a little like Godzilla, if Godzilla looked like a lean bipedal crocodile/bearded dragon cross. The spikes on its back, while small, would certainly damage her hands. Its arms and hands are human enough to give it plenty of options to grip, grab, or throw her. It's a bit shorter than she'd expected but 100 feet is nothing to sneeze at.She'll have to manipulate her size a lot and accept that she won't be able to hold her a superior height more than a couple minutes.She aims a kick, relying on her large size to make up for the lack of finesse. The lizard dodges behind a building and Cassie has to shrink down to regain her balance. She sizes back up and tries a sweeping kick from the side—it connects, but sends the lizard reeling toward a building. She hisses in pain at the sting of where the hard ridges pressed through the reinforced areas on her shin. Better to concentrate on the front where there's less armor and spikes. Her punches and grappling aren't as good as her kicks but the limited area demands it. Now she just needs to get him out of the river.There, a couple parking lots and green space pushed together near a low rectangular building. Room to work without standing in a river or crashing into buildings. With careful steps she backs toward it, hoping the big lizard will follow.It watches her, the weird waddles under its chin moving. Suddenly it charges dead at her.Cassie balks a second too long and barely dodges. While she's crouched it spits at her, forcing her to roll and jump away. A green glob hits the ground and wobbles like gelatin. No reaction from the ground so it's not acid at least. But it looks gross and surely means nothing good.Shit, it's got range and she doesn't unless she wants to hurl parked cars like rocks. It spits at her again and they spend a few minutes playing cat and mouse, Cassie sizing down or ducking to avoid them. No good, she's spending too much time running. If she's not careful there will be so many she'll end up stepping into a puddle.Gotta try grappling. While she did take some wrestling training the she's dubious about beating this lizard. Gotta try, she tells herself. When it spits again she's the one who charges. She punches, her gloves reinforced enough the spikes don't really register.It swipes at her, pushes with the superior weight of its body, but she shrinks down to overbalance and it goes sprawling. She almost has it pinned until the tail comes from behind and bashes her head.Cassie reels, skull throbbing. She goes all the way down to her normal height for a very dangerous minute. If the lizard wasn't recovering she could've been squashed.The rise and resume grappling. Cassie is hyper-aware of their surroundings and too cautious, she knows, but she won't let the thing tear down another building on her watch.As their bodies brush it moves its hips into hers. Cassie disengages and jerks away, startled.One of the whip-fast hands reaches out. Cassie jumps back but not fast enough—it seizes the fabric over her chest. She shrinks to avoid his grasp, but the fabric in his hand tears from the combined strain. Cassie h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Cassie Lang/Original Male Monster(s)

freeform: 
Monster Rape
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Come Inflation
Public Sex
Public Humiliation
Non-Consensual Bondage
Lizards
Bestiality
Size Difference
Stomach Bulge
Rough Sex
Hair-pulling
Kaiju
Giants
Public Nudity

fandom: 
Cassie Lang/Original Male Monster(s)

