Work Text:


 

Bucky’s fingers hesitate over his keyboard.Search: weird purple comic book characters, he types out slowly, and stares at the search engine, unsure of why exactly he’s looking into this. A lot of different kinds of people come through the LaGuardia Airport, and he hasn’t looked any of them up on Google in the time he’s worked there, so why now?He guesses it’s because he hasn’t ever seen someone that looks like they stepped right out of a comic book at five in the morning. Of course, New York hosts conventions, where people show up decked out in extravagant costumes—Bucky even went to a couple when he was a kid. Except people are usually getting dressed for that during the day and not before they fly into New York. Bucky imagines that it would be extremely uncomfortable to sit on a cramped plane wearing skin-tight leather and a giant cape.Which is why Bucky cannot stop thinking about the Tinky Winky that showed up at the airport yesterday. The guy was relatively tall, though Bucky couldn’t see any of his other features due to the costume he was wearing: a bright purple leather onesie which clung to his body, three-inch purple platform shoes (he kept tripping over them), pointy shoulder pads, and a purple cape that was much taller than he was (which might have been why he kept tripping).To top it all off, the guy was wearing a full cotton face mask with misaligned eyeholes.  No way he got through security on the other side wearing that.In other words, the guy stood out. It’s Bucky’s job, as the TSA agent for baggage claim Terminal J, to keep his eyes peeled for any suspicious activity. The job’s importance was certainly amped up after the Battle of New York, though Bucky has yet to encounter more sinister deeds than trying to steal someone’s luggage. Besides, Loki didn’t arrive in New York on a regular plane. Bucky sits back on his couch, scanning through the endless images of weird purple comic book guys, only to see that none of them match up with the man from the airport. Bucky should have figured that, since comic book characters don’t generally look so... lame.Maybe it was a self-created character or something. Bucky shrugs, closing his laptop and tossing it aside offhandedly.  New York could probably handle one more weirdo, right? Well. Bucky should have known better than to disregard his gut feeling that something was off with Tinky Winky, because he’s proven right the very next day.Bucky’s busting his ass on the treadmill at his local gym, because in order not to feel bad about his day job as a couch potato, he’s gotta compensate somewhere.  It’s noon, so there are only a couple other people in the gym with him. Everybody else is probably at lunch or working, and though Bucky is dreaming about the pasta he’s going to be eating soon, he continues to push through. Having his playlist, “Stop thinking about food” pulsing in his ears is certainly helping him stay strong.Apparently, he must be pretty in the zone, because it takes him much longer than it should to realize that everybody around him has completely stopped what they were doing. When he does, he sees that they’re all looking at the tv screens, which are spread out through the entire gym.Glancing up, Bucky misses a step and falls off the treadmill. With a groan, Bucky lets his head fall back and continues to lay on the floor. The gym has now turned the volume up on all the TVs, giving Bucky a sense of surround sound. He locates the closest screen, happy to find that he’s still got a good line of sight from the floor. Displayed on the screen now is footage from what looks like someone’s camera phone.Tinky Winky is standing at the check-in desk at Stark Industries, apparently trying to goad the receptionists into doing something, still decked out in the same getup Bucky saw him in: the endless amount of clashing purple colors, pointy shoulder pads, and face mask. “C’mon. All I wanna do is see Captain America! It’s a surprise visit! I’m here to fight him!” Tinky Winky says, as though that’s the most normal thing. He must be under the impression that it’s acceptable to declare an attack on an Avenger. Bucky wonders where he got that idea from.Bucky starts to chuckle, because the guy looks like some high schooler who said something like, ‘Come meet me behind the bleachers. You ‘n me are gonna fight over the sandwich you stole from me at lunch’. In other words, he looks like an idiot.The people at the gym are laughing.Even the guy videoing the event is laughing, judging from the way the camera is shaking.That is, until Tinky Winky busts out some sort of gun (it’s also purple) from underneath his cape. At that point, everybody quiets, and everyone at the gym is watching with rapt attention as Tinky Winky aims the gun at the receptionists.The man braces himself against a recoil that doesn’t come, turning his head and closing his eyes as he pulls the trigger.  Everyone in the room seems to let out a sigh of relief as he hits the gun with hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe- Airport
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Humor
cheesy villains
Bucky Barnes & Sam Wilson Friendship
Soap Ducks
Stucky Big Bang 2017
I've taken a lot of liberties in this fic

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

