Chapter 1: Part One
    


Notes:
Part 1 playlists: Spotify / YT lyrics / YT MVsReminder: Spotify will play out of order unless you have a premium account, and you will not be able to listen to the YT playlist from your phone unless you have YT Red.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Movie nights at the Avengers Tower were usually the highlight of Peter's month. Or rather: We-Just-Saved-NYC-Let's-Netflix-and-Chill nights, as he liked to call them. Just being able to sit back and relax and eat his fill of whatever food Tony's seemingly-magic kitchen was able to produce on short notice was like a vacation from both halves of his life: small fries tended to stay indoors during massive almost-apocalypses because they couldn't keep up with the chaos, and his coursework, well, he just pretended he didn't have any homework or studying he had to do; the college had stopped letting aliens get in the way of their students' educations. For just a night, Peter didn't have to worry about anything. Except maybe being squished into the couch by Tony's steady weight at his side or stray projectiles from whoever was arguing about whose turn it actually was to pick the movie."I made the kill shot," Natasha said calmly, remote firmly in hand and the selection square on Tony's massive screen lingering on Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon."That has no relevance on the pick order!" Clint shot back, waving around a battered VHS copy of Iron Giant.Peter leaned closer to Tony - not that he had to go far with Tony's arm wrapped around his shoulder - and asked curiously, "Do you even have a VHS player?""I had to put one in after Bird Brain over there refused to just use the digital library," Tony replied with an exaggerated eye roll."Actually, Mr Barton, I do believe per the agreed upon list, that Miss Maximoff has the next pick," Vision said as he walked into the room with Wanda, his arms laden with bowls of snacks and more bowls and plates floating on clouds of red in front of Wanda.Natasha and Clint expertly ignored him and Wanda just smiled and shrugged as her and Pietro helped Vision and Steve transfer bowls from arms to coffee table."Naaat," Clint whined. "I don't want to read two fucking hours of foreign film after I just saved the city.""Oh, I'm sorry," Natasha said in the sort of faux-contrite tone that made Peter's heart pick up in anticipation and his ears prick forward. "Did you leave your hearing aid at home?"Peter's pocket buzzed and he pulled out his phone and dismissed the flashing AUNTIE EM alarm."My-" Clint spluttered, face turning splotchy. Then he ripped the device from his ear before flipping her off with it dangling from his fist.The room burst into laughter and Peter used the distraction to slip out from under Tony's arm and away down the hall. As he rounded the corner into the unlit hallway, he dialed his aunt while he pulled the bottom of his mask up to his nose; he still hadn't shown the Avengers his face or given them his name, and he wasn't sure he was ever going to."Hello, Peter," Just hearing Aunt May's husky voice soothed something in Peter, just under two decades of comfort ingrained in his psyche. "I saw there was another battle on the news and you know I worry about you living so close to downtown.""I know, I know. I was actually hanging out with some friends while it was happening and we were all staying safe. And actually we were just about to watch a movie, I just wanted to check in first.""Alright, dear. I'm glad you're safe and thank you for calling." There was a resignation to her voice, the same tone Peter had been hearing from everyone he knew for years. Apparently aliens and near-apocalypses were just something they just dealt with now, but it didn't take the edge off anything. Gotta love New York."I'm glad you're safe too," he said, and he meant it. He was always scared that something would happen to her like it happened to Uncle Ben and that he wouldn't be there to stop it. Or worse, that he could have and didn't."This old woman isn't going anywhere, Peter," she laughed, and it simultaneously amused and saddened him because one day, she was going to be gone, whether by aliens or nature, and the older she got, the more he worried that that was going to be sooner than he'd be prepared for. Not that he could ever prepare himself for her loss. "Have a good night and enjoy your movie. Love you.""Love you too."Peter pocketed his phone and sighed as he leaned against the wall and pressed his fingers into his eyes. Even after half a decade, living a double life and keeping secrets from Aunt May never got any easier or less exhausting. Maybe it could be if he ever got to eat or sleep enough, but he hadn't been that lucky ever and he probably never would be.The sudden touch of large hands at his hips had his eyes snapping open and his body jerking back, which turned out to be a slight miscalculation when his head thunked against the wall he was leani
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Big Bang Challenge
Embedded Images
Canon Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Slow Burn
you'll see - Freeform
One-Sided Relationship
Secret Relationship
Fuckbuddies
Dirty Talk
Size Difference
Dubious Consent
Dark Wade
Dark Peter
kinda but not really?
Sex Toys
Anal Plug
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Barebacking
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker
Power Bottom Peter
Large Cock
Size Kink
Size Queen Peter
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Hate Sex
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
Light Angst
Angst and Porn
Panic Attacks
about secret identity getting revealed
Dom/sub
Light Dom/sub
Bondage
Light Bondage
Dom Wade
Sub Peter
Kissing
Rough Kissing
Time Skips
Blow Jobs
Biting
Breathplay
Unsafe Kink Practices
First Time
Identity Reveal
injured peter
Safeword Use
sorta - Freeform
Hurt/Comfort
Cuddling & Snuggling
Feeding
Gentle Sex
Subspace
Subdrop
No boxes
Minor Peter/OMC
have a little faith in your author
Cheating
Netorare
Cuckolding
Kinda
Cumdumpster
Creampie
Jealous Wade
possessive wade
Marking
Bruising
Phone Sex
Anal Fingering
Disassociation
Aftercare
Discovery
Voyeurism
Break Up
Topping from the Bottom
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
no actual non-con
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Love Confessions
Hate to Love
Two-Sided relationship
Relationship Reveal
ALL the tags
Art
Fanart

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

