Work Text:
Sometimes, whether it’s a familiar place that has lulled him into a false sense of security or just being distracted, Peter’s spidey-sense doesn’t kick in until all the rest of his regular senses, which isn't particularly useful.


He’s at Bobst, doing research for his mid-term project and it's taking all his dwindling willpower not to fall asleep face first in his books. Elbow-deep in the most god-awful dry study of splicing spider DNA with goats for super strong udder silk, vaguely thanking whatever powers that be that he didn’t grow an extra set of nipples or some shit when he got bit, because frankly having to engineer the stuff himself might have been a pain, but far better than milking spider silk from his chest...and honestly? Anyone that can make this study sound boring doesn’t deserve to be published.There’s a group of sorority girls across the way. They’re trying to be quiet, but there’s an occasional squeal of laughter over something in the biology text they’re pouring over. Peter has gathered it’s some sort of project on reproduction for one of the low-level courses. At least someone is having fun with their research--when he hears the first scream, and then it’s too late for him to really do anything about it.A handful of students come rushing into the room, followed by three guys with guns and masks. Peter tries to be inconspicuous when he stands and sidles along the desk. His costume is in his backpack. If he could just slip into the stacks unnoticed…The sound of a round being chambered stops him dead in his tracks. Peter lifts his hands and offers his meekest, I’m-just-a-nerdy-science-major-not-looking-for-any-trouble-here expression.“Over with the others,” the guy grunts, and Peter hurries to comply with the nudge of the barrel against his shoulder.While the one who caught him is rounding up any other stragglers on the floor, Peter takes in the details of the other two. There’s nothing identifying them as part of any organisation on their suits. It looks like the sort of thing you could find at an army surplus store--and what would a group like Hydra or AIM want to do with the library at NYU anyway? He bites his lip and his fingers itch for his mask. It would be a simple thing to ask Karen for some deets on who these guys could be. As it is he as to rely on his own enhanced hearing, instead of the Stark Technology spy-level espionage mode. “--supposed to be taking hostages. Let’s just fucking kill them and get out of here before the cops show up.”“Quit being such a pussy,” the second one hisses, getting up in the other guy’s face. “You knew what you were getting into.”“I didn’t sign up for suicide by cop, asshole.”The third guy comes back and the other two shut up pretty fast at his appearance. It’s hardly enough information to go on, but they’re young. Probably students themselves, or around that age. The guns, though, those are some serious pieces, not the sort of thing you come by easily, or cheaply. Or legally. He guesses it’s possible they’re rich, but it’s more likely someone else is funding this operation, whatever it’s about.“Kelsey’s not here,” Number Three mutters. “Andy and Tom are looking for her and the other two. Mark’s got the doors covered.”“Let’s do this shit, then,” number one says. He goes right for the sorority sisters who huddle together behind one fierce looking brunette glaring them down.“I don’t know why you bothered wearing a mask Ted,” she spits out. “I’d know that whiny-ass voice anywhere.” Number Three shoves his gun at her face, and she doesn’t even flinch. Peter doesn't know whether that's impressively brave or incredibly stupid. “I kept telling Kelsey--”“Shut the fuck up, you bitch, this is all your fault.”Peter considers how long he’s been holding onto this whole secret identity thing, turning down Mister Stark’s offers of joining the Avengers in some vain hope of avoiding the limelight, but his backpack is across the room, and if he has to take these guys out without a mask, that’s what it comes down to.“Okay, and I’m just spit-balling here, so stop me if I’m way off course but is it possible you fuck-weeds signed up to commit an act of terrorism because some chick dumped your fuckboy ass, Ted?”The three of them whip around to find Deadpool perched casually atop the nearest shelf. Relief isn’t Peter’s usual response to Deadpool’s presence, but right now he’ll take what he can get, breathing a thank fuck under his breath. He doesn’t think it’s his imagination the way Wade shoots him a sidelong wink at that, before turning his attention back to the gunmen. He hops down from the stack with a fair amount more grace than Peter would expect, smoothly pulling his katana from his back once he’s on his feet, never missing a beat as he strides forward.Peter takes advantage of their momentary distraction to get himself between the gunmen and everyone else. He gestures urgently toward the door and it takes a second, but finally a few of them are moving cautiou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
First Time
Identity Reveal
Library Sex
Frottage

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

