Chapter 1: I'm hurting, baby
    




Chapter Text
When Steve walked into his condo and saw Sharon sitting at the kitchen table, a serious expression on her face, he immediately realized three things. 
Number One – Judging by how dark it was when he left the office, he was getting home much later than he promised. 
Number Two – Judging by the look on Sharon's face, she was very unhappy. 
And most importantly, Number Three – Judging by the fact that he could see literal bags packed on the floor near the hallway, this was not good. 
Steve stepped into the kitchen and calmly set his keys on the corner of the table and Sharon looked directly at him. 
"Steve," she started, voice heavy with the sigh that followed his name,"we need to talk." 
There was a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. That phrase never lead anywhere good, as least not delivered like that.
"Sharon," he ran a hand through his hair, knowing where this was going and frowning in response. "If this is about dinner last night -" 
Because maybe if he acknowledged it before she brought it up again, it wouldn't turn into one of their awkward not-fights that were full of clipped tones and emotional dissatisfaction.
She cut him off before he could finish. "Are you really about to ask me if this is about you skipping our fifth anniversary dinner because you had an emergency at the office?" 
He had had an emergency at the office, he hadn't been lying about that. But, as Sharon's voice, thick with disappointment had reminded him, he always had an emergency at the office. 
"I told you -" 
"It was an emergency? Yes, you had mentioned that. You also have two of your closest friends working for you who would be more than capable of putting out fires when, oh I don't know, you had important plans with your girlfriend." 
She was right, they had had important plans. Plans that were supposed to signify something, that were supposed to celebrate this commitment they've had to each other for a whopping five years. The petty voice in the back of his head, that he ultimately shut down because he was so much better than that, wanted to ask why Sharon had insisted on celebrating such a milestone anniversary if she was so unhappy with Steve's life choices. How could you celebrate two people together if you didn't want to celebrate one of them individually?
"Sharon," his voice sounded sad, maybe a little hurt, because he knew how much Sharon wanted him to pass job responsibilities over to Peggy and Sam, but it wasn't that simple. 
How could she have thought it was just that simple?
“Think about it. If you have three people dealing with all your crises, the you personally should only be dealing with every third one.”
He started to respond but she shook her head.
“And, that's not even the point.”
Sure, he hired the best people he knew, but at the end of the day, Steve was CEO and owner of Shield, a marketing company that was both his entire life, and currently booming with business. He was responsible for the company, and he proudly held that weight on his shoulders.
If Sharon was suggesting (again) that he stepped back from work? 
… Well, then It was almost like she didn't understand what Shield meant to him at all. 
"Steve," she started again, and her face held that serious expression before twisting into a frown, "this isn't working." 
She said the words so softly, so opposite of the harsh line of her frown and the broken down hunch of her shoulders that it made his chest hurt. 
Whatever it was that wasn't working, had hurt her - was currently hurting her - and she didn't deserve that. Sharon was a wonderful woman. She was intelligent, tenacious, professional in every sense, independent, and, it may have sounded trite but was a quality that he really respected, always very punctual. She was the kind of woman you brought home to meet you family, and she'd shake all their hands, and handle greet everyone with just the right amount of aplomb.
She may have been more distant than Steve preferred, physically and emotionally, mostly emotionally, but she was a good person.
A good person who thought their relationship wasn't working, and didn't that just sting a little.
He exhaled slowly, feeling a weight on his shoulders that hadn't been there previously, and pulled out the chair across from Sharon, dropping into it ungracefully. 
Honestly? He wasn't completely surprised and somehow that made it a little bit worse. Possibly a lot worse. The stinging turned to a sharper pain, located centrally in his chest, because what kind of an asshole was he if he wasn't surprised by this. What kind of asshole was he, if he knew what Sharon wanted from a relationship and he had refused to give it?
"I know you're not happy," he admitted uncomfortably, because he hated to remind himself that he'd become an active participant in someone's unhappiness. 
"I don't know what to tell you, Steve," her shrug looked as helpless as he felt. "Five years is a long time to be with someone. I kept telli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Past Relationship(s)
Drinking
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Masturbation
mentions of Daddy KInk
Drunkenness
Romance
Age Difference
Steve is 34
Bucky is 21
Steve Rogers Feels
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Humor
Sassy Bucky Barnes
SugarDaddy!Steve
SugarBaby!Bucky
Prequel

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

