Work Text:





“Hieroglyphs,” said Sam. “These are fucking hieroglyphs.”He turned the instructions leaflet on one side, then the other, as if that might force an epiphany out of it. Steve dangled himself over the side of the IKEA box, dredging his hands through the debris at the bottom. “Sam,” he said, despairing. “There’s a whole other bag of screws in here.”Sam wasn’t listening. He turned the leaflet upside down. “So these diagrams make no sense whichever way you look at them,” he said, “and paramedic school didn’t cover furniture appeasement, but I’m pretty sure step 6 is a blood sacrifice.”“I’m anemic,” said Steve.“It’s a bookshelf,” said Sam. “I don’t think it understands human suffering.”They glowered at the proto-shelf. It radiated malice back at them. Rain lashed across the filthy window-panes of the Night Light, though the rest of the street was baking in four o’ clock sun, and the ceiling lights flickered in a most unpropitious way. Steve had been informed, on signing the lease, that localised thunderstorms came with the territory. So did flickering lights, sighing walls, and the sinuous four-legged shadow he kept glimpsing around the building, watching him through bright phosphorescent eyes.He groped desperately for a shred of optimism. “Well,” he said. “At least it’s bookshelf-shaped?”Sam scratched at his wing-stumps. They made small humps in the back of his shirt, like miniature hillocks. “Pretty sure it’s not supposed to wobble like that.”“It’s just nervous,” said Steve. “If I’m very gentle, and always apologise before I move it—”He lost his handle on his optimism then, because the Night Light chose that moment to introduce him to another of its delicacies. Something large and hairy fell from the ceiling and landed on the proto-shelf in a scudder of legs. It was a spider, the big ugly kind, with fang-like pincers and bright red hourglass markings on its back. Steve squawked. “What the hell!”He grabbed his heaviest textbook—Numerology: A Guide to Decrypting the Future—and would have launched it straight at the spider, but Sam caught him by the wrist. “Chill, that’s just Nat.”“Who?”The spider was gone. Steve owed offerings to all his mother’s saints for that alone. There was a blur of red, and then a young woman he had never seen before was straightening up behind the proto-shelf, shaking her hair out of her face. She was tiny, with sharp green eyes, a smattering of freckles, and violently auburn curls. “Sorry about the scare,” she said. “I would’ve lowered myself on a dragline, but—”She shrugged. Her smile was sharp too, like barbed wire. “Natasha Romanoff from unit 401,” said Sam, at Steve’s questioning look. “Webless spider extraordinaire.”“I thought all spiders spun,” said Steve.“I have a Dark Past,” said Natasha.She put her hands on her hips and surveyed Steve’s worldly belongings: the proto-shelf, the IKEA box, and the other box that contained his textbooks and sketchbooks and a bundle of ratty clothes. It was embarrassingly spartan, even if Steve’s “studio apartment”—every apartment in their building, really—was little more than a glorified dorm room with just enough space for a bed and a closet and a desk, and a communal kitchen and bathroom down the hall. “Are you that wizard Sam keeps talking about? Why don’t you just magick your bookshelf together?”This was egregious false advertising on Sam’s part. Most magic users Steve’s age had earned their wizarding degrees and had licenses to practice; but then, most magic users Steve’s age weren’t walking catastrophes like him. “I don’t know how,” he said. Not without pride—“I’ve been rejected from every single wizarding college in all fifty states. Some of them multiple times.”“He’s self-taught,” said Sam. “Anyway, the bookshelf’s fine. Just—bendy.”Natasha raised her brows. She took Numerology from Steve’s hand and, with all the care of a Jenga player, laid it on the proto-shelf. There was an angry squeak. The shelf swayed on its jelly legs. A screw flew loose, plinging against Steve’s shin. Then—almost in slow motion—the whole thing sagged, tore loose at the joins, and crashed to the floor in a wreck of planks and rivets.“Wow,” said Steve. He rubbed his shin. “Thanks, 401.”Natasha gave him a beatific smile. The windows rattled in the storm, like tittering neighbours. “That’s for trying to kill me.”“Sorry.”Sam groaned, slumping across Steve’s bed. Even the creak of the bedsprings sounded defeated. “I give up,” he said. “I’m broken. Tell you what, Steve, just stack your books up and use them as furniture. The starving Romantics made it look good.”This idea appealed to the artist in Steve. But he had scarcely descended two steps into emotive despair when there was a gentle tap on the door, and it swung open like a game show curtain to reveal a movie star in the hallway.It was probably not an actual movie star. The guy was in sweatpants, a threadbare shirt, and a faded grey hoodie so baggy that at first glance he appeared not to have arms. His lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Magical Realism
Tentacle Monsters
shrinkyclinks
Minor Sharon Carter/Natasha Romanov
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

