Work Text:
The creation and subsequent destruction of Ultron paved the way for the world to forget, or at least be sidetracked, about the Winter Soldier after the fall of SHIELD. Bucky was not ashamed to say that he took full advantage of that. It was pathetically easy to stay under the radar - at one point, he was pretty sure he walked right past an ex-SHIELD agent and the man didn't even notice. It also helped that, prior to Ultron, the Avengers had been just as dedicated to destroying Hydra as Bucky was. Hydra suddenly had much bigger problems than worrying about getting their Winter Soldier back under control, and it was glorious. He would carry the sight of Captain America slamming his shield into the face of the Winter Soldier's ex-handlers for the rest of his days.Post-Ultron, the world was in a state of disarray. It was the optimal time to carve out a hiding place and hunker down until the winds decided which direction they were going to blow. Steve's incessant searching had been halted momentarily to deal with Ultron, giving Bucky ample opportunity to screw around with the trails Steve had been following and then disappear. So Bucky could've chosen to go anywhere he wanted to at that point, whether it was to hunt down more Hydra scum or grow a garden beside a lake in France.Instinct, or something else he opted not to put a name to, drove him to the newly born Avengers Compound. He wasn't wholly certain why until he saw her. Well, them. All of the Avengers were sitting out front of the compound, engaging in a training session of some kind. Bucky hung back - the compound had been outfitted with various landscapes to better serve for training, and one of those landscapes was a sizeable forest that afforded easy cover - and watched, eyes narrowed, as War Machine and the Falcon went at it.But his attention was mostly focused on her. Wanda Maximoff, codename Scarlet Witch. One of Hydra's budding best and brightest. Bucky had never met her in person (that he could remember, because he would be the last person to claim that his fuzzy, scattered memories were trustworthy) but he'd seen her from a distance once or twice: the memory of what'd been doing, what she'd done, was impossible to forget. She cut a striking figure even amongst the other Avengers, clad in a deep red bodysuit, hair hanging freely around her shoulders, cocky smirk on her face. Red magic danced around her fingertips, though there appeared to be no target. Or at least, not one that Bucky could discern from a distance. He selected the high-grade binoculars he'd stolen from a surplus store and peered through them.Yes. There. He could see the faint haze of red that hung in the air now, like a dissipating fog that refused to vanish entirely. Now he knew why he'd been driven to come here. So long as a dangerous Hydra operative survived, Bucky's work was not over. He could have shot her then and there, but he didn't. He preferred interrogating operatives whenever possible so that he could learn what they knew. He wanted to get Maximoff alone and carve the information out of her slowly, the way she'd carved into the minds of her victims.He would come to regret not killing her on sight.For the time being, he stood and watched as the training session finished. It didn't last much longer. Most of the team headed inside joking and laughing with each other. Stark and Maximoff remained outside. Bucky wasn't sure why until he saw the haze vanish and Stark came to life like a wind-up toy, looking around in confusion. Maximoff smirked at him as Stark came to the conclusion that they were alone."Like what you see, Stark?" she asked. It was an easy feat to read her lips, and Bucky's imagination filled in the mocking tone. His fingers tightened on his binoculars until the plastic threatened to crack. He regretted not setting up his sniper rifle now."What the fuck did you do?" Stark said, now pale and terrified. His hands were shaking. “I didn’t – we came out to train – none of that was real, was it?”"Consider it a reminder of what the team really thinks of you. I can read their minds, remember?" Maximoff tapped the side of her head. "I know what is in their hearts. I know what they really want to say to you. They won't because they need your money and your status, but they want to. I'm doing you a favor by passing the information along." Her eyes glittered with malice, and Bucky knew this was no favor. This was torture, pure and simple, and Stark was afraid of her. It was obvious in the way he backed up when she advanced towards him. Bucky made noise. A lot of it. As in, he deliberately tripped an alarm… because he couldn't reveal himself and show his hand this early on, but a compulsion he didn't understand drove him to protect Stark. Maximoff jerked backwards the high-pitched ringing split through the air, putting distance between her and Stark as Steve and Romanov raced outside. Immediately Maximoff's expression transformed into one of pure innocence, and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
wanda maximoff is a hydra agent
wanda maximoff is evil
Not Wanda Friendly
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst and Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Protective Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
sort of he's somewhere between bucky and the winter soldier
bucky is on a quest to kill hydra
and that includes wanda
he gets very protective of tony in the process
Mental Torture
PTSD
Brainwashing
Mind Control
wanda is skilled with her powers for a reason ok
she did not magically learn how to use them
she obviously had a lot of practice
and I'm guessing she did not learn to practice on volunteers
Pre-WinterIron
Pre-Slash
I couldn't quite get them there all the way
but the ending is very leading
the rest of the avengers are cruel to tony
it's up to you to decide how much is wanda's influence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Hates Magic
and with good reason
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark has PTSD
wanda takes ruthless advantage of that
completely ignores civil war
I do not like wanda
so please don't read if you do
tony is not in a good headspace here
wanda has been torturing him for months
bucky the avenging angel
Character Death
character death wanda maximoff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

