Chapter 1: "You Have A Visitor."
    




Chapter Text
Sighing, he looked at his bedside table clock, seeing it read only Five-Thirty in the afternoon. Chewing on the inside of his cheek, Peter checked to see if Aunt May was home. When the cost was clear, he shut the door behind him, stripped out of his clothes, and threw on his Spider-Man suit. Opening the window, Peter climbed out of the small apartment bedroom, leaving the glass cracked slightly. Jumping off the small lift, he shot off his webs, swinging from one building to another. Peter loved to do this. Feel the air rushing against his suit, hearing the busy chat of the passerbyers on the street below him. All of his trouble seemed to drift away. Landing on top of a roof, he plopped himself down on the ledge, looking down at the ground below him. Sure, he was a little iffy about heights, but nothing could beat this view. Sooner or later, the sun went down passed the horizon, the cold night air replacing the hot musty air before it. Once the sun was down completely, darkness took over the sky, a few stars dotted the sky. Smiling under his mask, he looked up, holding onto the ledge with both hands. It was peaceful, just the way he liked it. That is, until his 'Spidey Senses' acted up. "Oh Spidey!!" an all too familiar voice hollered making Peter groan loudly. "Oh, do that again, makes me all tingly inside." the owner of the voice smiled, sitting down next to Parker."What do you want, Deadpool?" Peter basically sneered, not in the mood for Deadpool's bullshit."Wow, who pissed in your Fruit-loops?" he asked, taken aback. "Any who," the masked Mercenary started talking again before the younger could get a word out of his mouth, "What brings you to this side of the roof?"Spider-Man rolled his eyes, forgetting that the Merc couldn't see him, he let out an audible sigh, "Are you seriously going to keep asking that every time you see me on a roof?"Wade pretended to think, placing his pointer finger on his chin. After a couple of seconds his shook his head, "Nah fam."An awkward silence engulfed the two, which was surprising to say at the least, seeing Wade never shut up."So I was thinkin--" Wade started but was cut off as Peter stood up,"Sorry, Wade, duty calls." Spidey interrupted, jumping off the roof and swinging from web to web, building to building.---After finally shaking off Wade, he reentered his bedroom, taking off his Spider-Man mask and suit. Stretching he plopped himself on his bed, grinning at how comfortable the mattress was. He must have dozed off, because the next thing he knows Aunt May is shaken him awake with a strong arm. "Peter! Oh, good, you're awake." May smiled, letting the young boy sit up before speaking once more, "You have a visitor down in the living room."With a big yawn, Peter rubbed his eyes, "Who?" he questioned tiredly.  "Tony Stark."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Trans Peter Parker
Friendship
Avengers Family
Spider-Man - Freeform
Deaf Clint Barton
Bullying
Transphobia
Anxiety
Depression
Anxiety Attacks
Panic Attacks
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional
Trans Character
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Acceptance
ACCEPT MY SON PLZ
Minor Injuries
Minor Violence
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Possible Character Death
LGBTQ Themes
LGBTQ Character
Heavy Angst
Anorexia
Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Depressed Peter Parker
Minor Character Death
Major Character Injury
Character Death
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Suicide Notes
Suicide
Death
Near Death Experiences
Nightmares
Peter Parker Has a Family
Poor Peter Parker
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superfamily
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Angst and Tragedy
No Smut
Anorexic Peter Parker

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

