Work Text:
The way Charles sees it, there are three rules to their arrangement.One: Erik stays off of campus.Two: Erik stays off of campus. Three: Erik keeps himself and his minions off of the fucking campus. The way Erik sees it, apparently, is that there is only one rule to their arrangement, and that is rule is this: there are no rules.That explains why his face has suddenly appeared in the narrow window on the door of Charles’ lecture hall, and why he’s waving for Charles to come out with a look of imperious boredom on his face. Charles wants to ignore him, or maybe stride out and punch him, or perhaps both.On further consideration, he can’t do both.Come out, Erik says, his mental voice like a shout through a megaphone. He’s like a broken radio that only has two settings: loud and louder. His previous resident telepath Ms. Emma Frost, who’s now running freelance operations somewhere in Colombia for one of Erik’s rivals, much to Erik’s chagrin, had never taught him to project clearly and properly. Maybe, Charles thinks as he steadfastly ignores Erik’s pointing, he should have taken some time to give Erik a couple of pointers.“The G-protein receptors,” he continues, “are transmembrane receptors, which, remember, means that they pass through the cell membrane, unlike peripheral receptors which are simply—”Come out, Erik says again, deafeningly. Or I’ll knock. Don’t you dare, Charles says sharply, buffeting him with a burst of annoyance. Give me a minute. Go wait in my office—it’s down the hall to the left, A128. “Sorry,” he says aloud, setting his laser pointer down. “I’m not feeling that well. Let’s let out early today, shall we?”His students don’t even pause; they’re packed up in under ten seconds and hurrying out the door, chattering with each other as they go. Only a few of the sleepier kids linger around, lethargically putting away their pencils, and Charles waits until they’re out the door, too, before picking up his own things and slipping out the door after them.He scans his surroundings mentally before making his way to his office. He’d locked the door before going to class but of course Erik’s made short work of it, and he finds the man inside, settled annoyingly in Charles’ comfortable leather armchair behind the desk.“We agreed,” Charles says irritably, tossing his lecture notes onto the edge of the table and then shifting a pile of folders over so he can put his satchel down. “We agreed you’d never set foot on campus, or interact in any way with anyone from my life. If you have a favor to ask of me, you text me and I come to you, remember?”Erik shrugs, maddeningly unperturbed by Charles’ frustration. “This was quicker.”“Quick—” Charles takes a breath. “You can be a real ass sometimes, did you know that? Most of the time, actually.”Erik gives him a smile, which is more accurately described as a slow, predatory reveal of teeth. “What can I say? You’re my favorite employee.”“I’m not your employee,” Charles tells him, rolling his eyes. “You keep calling me that and you can consider our deal revoked.”Erik gets up, rounds the desk, and wraps his arms around Charles from behind, his long legs bracketing Charles against the desk’s edge. “You’re my favorite telepath then, is that better?” he whispers right up against Charles’ skin.Despite himself, Charles shivers. “If you interrupted my class for sex,” he says steadily, “you’re going to spend the rest of the day making daisy chains and singing Disney songs.”Erik’s amusement is palpable. “So harsh. I don’t pay you to mouth off to me like that.”“You don’t pay me at all,” Charles reminds him.“There’s that,” Erik agrees, a sharp grin in his voice, and Charles sighs. That’s the thing about being associated with a man who owns almost the entire city; Erik’s so infuriatingly entitled all the time, about everything.“What’s this about?” he asks, trying to pull free of Erik’s arms. “Is there a job?”“No job.”“There’s a new mutant you want me to talk to then?”“No, no one new.”“Then what?”Erik bites his earlobe. It’s Valentine’s Day and I thought I would take my favorite telepath out for a day trip. Charles winces and pushes back against him. “Get off me. I’m going to seriously need to teach you one day how to communicate mind-to-mind without giving me a migraine. And you can’t just take me out for a day trip without giving me prior notice. I have a day job, Erik, in case you’ve forgotten. I’ve got classes.”Erik shrugs again. “Call in sick. Cancel them. I don’t care. Just come out with me.”“I can’t just do that, I’ve got responsibilities—”“Charles.” Erik’s voice is suddenly steel, the sort of sharpness that cuts like glass across an open palm. This is the voice he uses on his “business partners.” This is the voice he used on Sebastian Shaw before he put a bullet in Shaw’s leg and tossed him out into the streets.Erik is dangerous. There isn’t any forgetting that. Among the halls of the sciences building, he seems merely out of place and strange, but Charles knows wha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Valentine's Day
Car Sex
Riding
Rimming
Fingerfucking
Erik Being Cocky
Alternate Universe - Mob
Professor Charles is Taken Out for a Day By his Mob Boss Boyfriend
ride hard

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

