Chapter 1: Odin Contemplates
    




Chapter Text
     Odin, called the Allfather, has ever appreciated the early mornings in Asgard.  Save for a few memorable occasions when he and his lady spent the night previous and the morning after indulging themselves in a hedonistic marathon of sorts he has never been one to lie abed well into the day.  There is always too much to accomplish, too much to see done or begun.  Perhaps it is because of this that the time before Asgard awakes, just before the sun peeks over the horizon, has ever been a favorite of his.  It feels peaceful before the problems of the realm, and indeed all nine of the realms, can be brought to his attention.  It is the only time he can be, first and foremost, a husband and a father.  He smiles softly thinking of his wife lying in their bed, long hair flowing out around her like a river of softened gold, a small smile on her face as she dreams pleasant things, just a few creases in her beautiful facade.  Numbering just enough to display her love of laughter on her face.  He thinks that he wouldn’t mind if there were more.  They are not as young as they once were, after all, and there is beauty to be found in the marks that give away age.  To him it simply shows the universe that his wife is a mighty warrior in her own right, a shield maiden of Asgard capable of keeping herself alive these many years through her strength, wisdom, and magic.
     He often envies Frigga her capability with magic.  It is something that he has never had an aptitude in.  There is an innate power in him given by virtue of the fact that he is the Allfather.  It is a magic passed down from father to son just as the rule of Asgard is passed.  It allows him to nearly any and all powers needed to protect and preserve the realm, and the inner wisdom to know when to use them, but he has no real control over them.  He can never say, if asked after the fact, what he has done.  Somehow his words become power and as that power flows through him it works in ways he doesn’t understand to become exactly what he needs.  With Frigga it is different.  She controls every aspect of her magic, down to the most nominal detail.  Her copies are exact, so much so that even he can’t tell the difference.  The beautiful little entertainments she and Loki make together at almost every evening feast as their younger sits on her lap happily are absolutely exquisite.  He often wishes they were solid just to study them closer.
     Loki.  His thoughts turn to his youngest and he turns swiftly, leaving the private balcony off of the chambers he shares with his queen, suddenly needing to see his youngest for himself.  It has ever been a fear of his, hidden so deep in his heart that he cannot express it, even to Frigga, that some day he will wake to find Loki gone.  That somehow Laufey will have come in the night to steal back that which Odin saved from death.  He enters Loki’s room silently as the dawn and makes his way to the large bed.  His youngest looks so small and pale against the dark green sheets.   Loki is curled up on his side, his arms and legs pulled in tight, and his face is peaceful, sweet and impossibly young in his sleep.  The knot in Odin’s gut loosens.  His son is exactly where he should be, safe, protected, and taken care of.  He cannot help himself.  He lies on the bed and studies the features of that which he claimed as his own.
     When Thor was born his birth was somewhat overshadowed by the grief of losing Gaia to childbirth.  As much as Odin loved his eldest from the moment he took his first breath he cannot help but see his first wife whenever he looks at him.   He and Gaia had too little time together, and they’d always known that she was fragile, but the healers had thought her strong enough for one child.  He cannot regret that she insisted on carrying and birthing Thor.  Thor is everything he ever thought he wanted in a son.  Thor is bright and strong, willful and golden as Gaia was.  He looks just like her with his ice blue eyes and his spun gold hair.  He loves Thor more than anything and he would have liked to have seen Gaia raise him.  But, Fate often has a way of making things as they should be and he would never trade the family he has now in Frigga, Thor, and Loki for what he and Gaia might have had.  They are all everything to him, but there is an especially tender place in his heart for Loki.
     The first time he laid eyes on Loki, at the height of the war with the race he had been taught to hate, his life was changed forever.  Along with his heart.  The battle was nearing its end, the Frost Giants were defeated but not yet willing to surrender.  Laufey was unconscious and being guarded by some of his most trusted men as he searched for The Casket, the loss of which would keep the Frost Giants at bay and return peace to the nine realms.  As he was making his way back to the great doors, the Casket in his hands, victory assured, he heard it.  The small cry of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Sif/Thor

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Flashbacks
Romance
Illnesses
Alternate Universe
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Sif/Thor

