Work Text:
You hummed softly as you twirled your hair between your fingers and flipped to the next page of your book.  You loved the selection of books Tony had.  Of course, he had gotten them for you specifically.  He had pestered you relentlessly to join the Avengers, and had promised you anything; money, fame (or not, if you wanted to remain far away from the limelight), an endless supply of shawarma.  You, in the end, had just asked for a library.  A library stocked with an endless amount of books.Of course Stark delivered, in the most Stark way possible: With many-a Beauty and the Beast jokes. And nicknames.He would tease you about how at any given moment, one could almost certainly find you curled up in your armchair in the library.  He had even gone so far as to give you a figurine set of the enchanted characters from the animated film for your birthday one year.  Those figurines now sat comfortably on the shelf in your little reading nook in the library.You weren’t the only one who enjoyed the library, though.  You would often run into Wanda in the vast rows of shelves, giggling to each other as you exchanged book suggestions.  Bruce even stopped by now and again to check out the ‘Self Help’ and ‘Meditations and Other Non-Medicinal Solutions’ books.  One character you hadn’t ever expected to run into in here had been Bucky.  
The first time you found him was when you had run headfirst into the super soldier in the History section.  He had been frowning while holding a book on the Howling Commandos.  You bit your lip as you looked up at him, those blue eyes rooting you to the spot.

“They got it all wrong.” He huffed, returning the book to the shelf.

“Excuse me?”

“They got it all wrong.” He reiterated, jamming a thumb toward the book he had just replaced on the shelf.  “I am 

not 

Steve’s sidekick.”  Ok, you couldn’t help but giggle at that.

“I know Bucky, I know.”  You bumped his hip with your own as you passed him to return to your nook with your new book.  Oh!  That reminded you. “Bucky, I’ve got the perfect read for you!”  You snickered as you led him to the comic book section of the library and handed him the first three WW2 Captain America comics (that Tony had miraculously been able to get his hands on after Coulson had pestered him for weeks on end).  “Enjoy!” You winked before continuing on your merry way.

About 5 minutes later, you knew he had reached the point you’d been waiting for.  The point where Bucky Barnes, the ‘boy wonder’ as they had 

so

 inaccurately portrayed him, had made his first appearance.

“I am not Steve’s sidekick!”  He cried from somewhere in the shelves.  You couldn’t help but giggle audibly at his frustration.  “And I most certainly 

do not

 wear tights!”
Bucky had been spending a lot of time in the library since that day and had become insanely chatty.  The two of you had grown insanely close over time, and you always welcomed his company while reading.He had picked up on Tony’s Beauty and the Beast banter and had taken to calling you Belle himself. Whether or not he has actually seen the animated movie or not was a mystery to you, but he seemed to enjoy Tony’s jokes all the same.  He would occasionally flirt, winking at you as he read alongside you some days.  Others he would pop up when you least expected it, and always when you were reading a less than family friendly book.  You were always able to stuff it back in your pile before he noticed, thankfully, but that didn’t keep your heart from damn near beating out of your chest.Today was no different.“Hey Belle, do you know if Tony was able to get his hands on the next issue yet?”  His head was down, looking at the comic in his hand.  Good. He wasn’t looking at your ridiculously red blush.“No idea.”  You muttered as you shoved your book to the bottom of the stack you had beside you and pulled something bland out.  You always had a book for back up.  When those deep eyes found yours, you almost melted.  “Have you checked the shelf yet?”  The cocky smirk you received confirmed that theory.“You mean where new books always are before they’re filed onto the shelves?”  He teased with a wink.  
Of course, Y/N, of course, he’s checked there! He’s not an idiot!
“And it’s not with the other comics?”  Another smirk.  
Great.  Keep going, Y/N! By the end of this conversation, he’ll have proof that you are, in fact, the dumbest person in this tower!  If he weren’t so damn distracting…
You caught up with reality in an instant when you saw his eyes travel to your stack of literature.  Right to the bottom.  Right to the romance novel you had tried so damn hard to hide.“Whatcha readin’?” He asked knowingly, a mischievous sparkle igniting in his eye.“Nothing.”  You rushed as you hauled whatever book was in your hands up to your face, desperately trying to hide your intensifying blush.“Uh-huh.”  He chuckled, the sound of his footsteps cluing you into the fact that he was getting closer.  Shit!  “Didn’t peg you for an equestr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Public Nudity
Cunnilingus
Oral Sex
Friends to Lovers
Friends With Benefits
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Metal Arm Kink
NSFW
NSFW GIF
Unprotected Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader

