Chapter 1: Safe
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

"Sacrifice is at the heart of repentance. Without deeds, your apology is worthless." -Bryan Davis
  Peter might have blacked out for most of the flight home.  He had no memory of it except for vague impressions of the wind cooling his skin and Tony murmuring soft words.  The next thing he knew, he was inside, being laid down on a cot inside a bright room.  Everything was dim and fuzzy, and he had to focus very hard to get any of his senses to work.“I don’t know the extent of his injuries, but it’s bad,” Peter heard Tony say to someone Peter couldn’t see.  “He was drugged, but I don't know exactly when, or how much he was given, or how much might still be left in his system.”“We’ll have to risk it and sedate him anyway.  He’s in too much pain, and we don’t want to risk him trying to fight us while we operate.”Tony made a grunt of agreement, and Peter only realized he was limply holding the billionaire’s hand when the man tried to pull away.  “No!” Peter protested, tightening his grip.  Tony pulled his hand out anyway, resting it for a moment on top of Peter’s head.“I’m right here.  The doctors need space to work, but I’m not leaving, okay?”Peter wanted to say something else, but he suddenly wasn’t sure what as he felt a needle sink into his arm and he got the overwhelming urge to fall asleep, his eyelids drooping instantly.Tony’s firm voice saying, “I’m not leaving you,” was the last thing Peter heard before being consumed by darkness.…It was nice.  The darkness.  It was a place without pain, or discomfort, or nightmares.  He wasn’t aware of time, couldn’t really grasp how long he had been there or would continue to be there, but he appreciated it all the same.He floated in that nothingness for a while, but all too soon, it came to an end, and just as he had slipped into the darkness, he was now slipping into the light.  Not like, the light kind of light, “the light at the end of the tunnel” kind that led to pearly white gates and people with wings.  Actual, physical light, just beyond his eyelids.  It wasn’t as bright as Peter expected it to be.His eyes felt uncomfortably stiff and dry, and he had to blink a few times before he could get them to focus.  He was in a room that looked very much like a hospital room, except for the luxury and expense in the design and devices around him that screamed Stark money  Curtains were drawn over the one, large window to his left, and there was no clock nearby to tell him the time.  The lights in the room were dimmed, casting a soft yellow glow over everything, including Tony Stark himself, head resting on his arms at the foot of Peter’s bed while the rest of his body was stretched uncomfortably on a chair.He wasn’t snoring (Peter could never imagine such an important man as Tony Stark doing such a thing), but his back rose and fell softly as he breathed, deep in sleep.  Peter had never seen him so un-composed.  He had dark circles under his eyes, and a hint of stubble marred his usually impeccably-shaped facial hair.  His hair was unkempt, like he’d run his hand through it multiple times, and it almost looked oily.  His suit jacket had been at some point been replaced with a soft grey hoodie.  The normality of it all almost seemed unnatural.  It looked like he really needed the sleep, uncomfortable though it was.  Peter didn’t want to wake him, but he was starting to feel more and more pain, and though it wasn’t nearly as bad as he had felt before, it was enough to make his heart rate pick up.  He couldn’t stop the acceleration of the monitor’s beeping behind him, and the sound seemed to rouse Tony.  He rose slowly at first, seeming confused, but as soon as he noticed Peter was awake every hint of exhaustion was wiped from his eyes.“Peter!” he said, and he had to clear the hoarseness out of his voice, “You’re awake.  What’s wrong, what do you need?  Water?”“Hurts,” Peter responded, voice sounding worse than Tony’s had.  Something changed in Tony’s expression.  Something in his eyes looked…sad.  Or defeated, maybe.  Peter couldn’t really put a word to it, but it was more vulnerable than he had ever seen his hero.“The doctor hoped…” he trailed off, almost saying the words to himself, but then he snapped back into focus.  “I can give you a little more painkiller, but more than that will start to send you into overdose.” He stood up stiffly and moved to Peter’s side, pressing a button on his IV that brought a wave of relief to his body.  The pain was still there, but it was now more of a minor annoyance than anything.Tony pulled his chair closer to Peter’s bedside and sat back down, voice cautious as he asked, “Do you remember what happened?”Peter only had to think for a moment before it all came back.  He’d been kidnapped.  By a serial killer.  Knives, and burns, and blood, and so much pain.  He’d been drugged, he’d been helpless, and then…oh my god, I killed a ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter-centric
Tony-centric
Hurt/Comfort
Recovery
Angst
Anxiety
Nightmares
Dad!Tony
Vomiting
Injury
Family
Trauma

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

