Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It started out as a distraction. Something to keep his mind off of, well.  Everything. Plus it wasn’t like he hadn’t made about thirty different sets of prosthetic legs for Rhodey first. So it’s not like he  immediately  locked himself in his lab and cut himself off from the rest of the world. Just, y’know. Eventually. Once Rhodey could walk alright and all that. And it’s not like it was unusual for Tony to put his stress into his suits, either. Pepper had been enabling him too. She might’ve claimed ignorance to the fact--not that Tony would have ever been able to work up the nerve to ask--but she had been kind enough to let him skip as many meetings as humanly possible. The ones he couldn’t skip? He was allowed to attend remotely through holo-projection. His only remaining obligations took the form of a single highschool student that had a little too much brain for his own good and a penchant for studying the biological mechanics of arachnids. (Read: Peter Parker.) That hadn’t really helped either, if Tony was honest with himself. The whole bio-engineering side of things hadn’t really appealed to him until he was ass-deep in trying to figure out nerve ending hook ups for Rhodey’s legs but, as it turns out, stuff got infinitely more interesting once you abandoned the limits of human capacity. Still didn’t mean that he was about to abandon the whole Iron Man schtick in favor of taking on some kind of animal theme. That would be  batty. So really, identifying the suits as having potential for advanced prosthetics was a natural progression. The fact that the most advanced responsive prosthesis that he’d ever seen belonged to the man that had murdered his mother was just a coincidence. It wasn’t that hard to understand why he would want to replicate the arm. He had to start somewhere, right? He’d had the clarity of mind to scoop up the remnants of the blasted off arm before his jet had arrived to take him home, thank god, so he wasn’t starting entirely from scratch. He could’ve, though. If he’d wanted. His memory was pretty good and the videos of the whole fight helped a ton. He’d watched it hundreds of times. Had every moment memorized. Every word. Maybe replayed some moments more often than others. But that was only so he could watch the way the plating on the arm shifted as the Winter Soldier moved. So he could study the articulation in the fingers that tried to rip the reactor out of his armor. He could replay the whole thing in his mind from all the various angles and fuzzy video feeds he’d snatched from the suit’s recording functions and from the security cams Zemo had been watching from. But no matter how often he slowed it down to quarter-speed, there was only so much that the footage of that fight could tell him. (“He’s my friend!” “So was I.”) So he moved onto the footage of the car crash. For more data. He studied the way the arm supported weight, how the fingers didn’t give any against Howard’s throat, how the movements seemed clunkier when the dead body dropped from his grasp. How it weighed on the Soldier’s movements in a way that seemed hindering even if the inconvenience didn’t register in the blood splattered blank stare. Blank wasn’t the right word for it, Tony thought, but it wasn’t until he’d watched the clips of the Soldier’s fight with Ste--Captain America  that the difference was clearer. The arm was in better condition in that footage anyway. The upgrades that had been applied since the murder of Tony’s parents were not only apparent in the way the soldier carried himself, but the image itself was clearer even if the video from onlookers catching everything on their StarkPhones left a lot to be desired in the way of steady hands. It didn’t hurt either that the arm hadn’t yet had the shit beat out of it by the vibranium shield that had been sitting in the corner of his lab since he’d returned. Hadn’t fallen out of a helicarrier yet, either. He had paused and rewinded for the hundredth time or so, the copy-cat prototype in his lap still only barely resembling the real deal, when the right word flicked through his mind. Mechanical. Not the arm. The stare. The whole look. Shit, even the movements. The Winter Soldier fought with the precision and ruthless efficiency that reminded Tony of the first computer that had been programmed to outmaneuver humans in chess. He moved smoothly, without hesitation. When he got hit, it was an intentional sacrifice that would bring him within deadly reach of his target. He didn’t seem to register pain. Those cold eyes just flickered across the battlefield and took in variables. Variables that took the shape of people. Variables that took the shape of the Winter Soldier himself. The side-by-side image comparison between the Soldier’s fight with the Captain and his own fight against the two of them really drove the difference home. Whatever had happened in that he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Compliant
Fix-it fic
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark-centric
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Inseparable best bros
Honestly everyone needs a hug or seven
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Ukulele bullshit included
tw: suicidal recklessness mention
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
and a reanimated dead squid

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

