Work Text:
Bucky Barnes lives a thoroughly ordinary life.He wakes up every day at quarter to seven. He goes for a jog, his feet hitting the pavement in sure, measured steps, favoring his left side. He wears a long sleeved shirt, even under the warmth of the morning sun. His neighbor always greets him with a smile upon his return, her mouth stretched too wide to be genuine, eyes always straying towards his left arm.At nine, the chime over the door to What the Book? jingles, and Bucky, with his hair in his eyes and half-awake, stumbles in, a dark jacket and a glove on, regardless of the weather. Scott, his sole employee, has two cups of coffee in cheap Styrofoam cups ready by the counter. By nine ten, Bucky is finished with his coffee, which he’d heaped with ludicrous amounts of cream and sugar. By nine fifteen, Bucky will be five articles deep in Buzzfeed on his mobile phone.It will go on like that for most of the day. Customers and travelers will stop in (and more often, people looking for a roof when it is raining; What the Book? Gets more sales on rainy days than not; Bucky supposes there’s just something wrong about browsing a bookstore, dripping wet, for the better part of thirty minutes, with the eyes of the owners on you and not buying anything) and on good days, only five people will ask if the shop sells anything other than young adult books.At eleven thirty, Scott will leave to grab them lunch, and they’ll be eating in the backroom thirty minutes later, the smell of vegetables, fried food, and styrofoam permeating the tiny room. By one, Bucky will be shelving, while Scott looks over the accounts and entertaining the low trickle of customers that pass through the shop. They’ll close the shop at eight, and Bucky will have a drink at the pub or dinner with his friends. And the cycle resumes the next day.And then one day, Steve Rogers walks into the shop and his life changes forever.

*
Steve Rogers does not have a thoroughly ordinary life.He was born in 1918, got injected with an experimental drug, served in World War II in a costume, and got frozen in ice. Still, he’s alive and only twenty nine in 2014. He saves the world and fights aliens.But hey, today, he’s trying.He looks around the subway platform, shoving his hands in his pockets—light gleams off the steel surfaces of the ticket machines, grime clings to the tiled floor, and the awful lighting bathes everything in yellow. A young couple stands holding hands a few feet away from him, both of them looking down at their phones. Even further away, a petite woman with her hair in a high, sleek ponytail stands with a Chihuahua inside a shoulder bag. It’s not full of people today, given the hour.Steve hears the train long before it arrives.It creaks to a stop in front of him, doors opening and welcoming him to a world of hard plastic chairs, metal poles, and more strangers. The couple from the station sit a few rows behind him, the blond leaning against the window, the brunet leaning against him. The brunet holds up his phone for the other to see. He’s gesticulating, the sleeve of his red hoodie slipping down his wrist, and rolling his eyes at something on the screen. The blond listens with a patient yet amused smile, catching his boyfriend’s wrist in one gentle move before he accidentally hits one of the many hoops adorning his ear.Steve lets his eyes linger for only a moment, letting his heart warm, before giving them their privacy. It’s a sight he’s gotten used to the past couple of years, the urge to stop and do anything to protect them from prying eyes settling down to an uneasy knot in his stomach. He knows that that feeling will probably never go away, no matter how long he lives. But along with that warning feeling of don’t let the police catch you, it’s now followed by the blossoming of happiness, at how love can be expressed so openly.Steve feels the rhythm of people settling into seats, the drone of the announcement on the speakers. As the subway hums along the tracks, he muses about the musical he watched, how miserable the Phantom was at the end, maybe even more than when the musical started. Nothing changed for him, in a way that would make him happier (not that the Phantom was innocent by any stretch). Not for the first time, he thinks about how it would be nice to have someone to talk about things like this to—those inevitable thoughts after watching a play or looking at art, sharing a funny encounter at the gym, or even after trying some really good food. Mundane, everyday things.But he’s alone today, and there’s no one to talk to.Not the man standing near the doors, one hand on the rail, the other in his coat pocket, his eyes sliding over to him every so often before skittering back to the doors. Not the lady across from him, staring at him with wide eyes, face framed by straggly blonde hair, trying to hide her smartphone behind the handbag on her lap as she takes photos.Of him.Steve bites his lip, trying to fight the frown that’s mak
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Alternate Universe–Canon Divergent
Notting Hill AU
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Modern Bucky Barnes
suicide ideation
Canonical Character Death
racebent Riley
POV Alternating
bucky barnes wears glasses
Character Study
Shrunkyclunks
Texting
long distance
book lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

