Work Text:
Things are a little different now; Steve has a beard, Natasha is blonde, and Tony, apparently has a new sidekick.With everyone back in the tower, they’re now used to Peter’s near constant habitancy, despite his own home. It’s not unusual to find Peter sitting on the kitchen counter  at one in the morning, eating Cap’n Crunch and wearing those Hello Kitty pajama pants or scaling the side of the tower midday and knocking on the window to be let in.Some, like Clint and Rhodey, like to tease Peter about it. Other than friendly jabs that made Peter blush and duck his head but smile, everyone accepted him as just another member of the household.It had only been a few months since they’d all officially moved back in, so maybe that helped, since even what was old felt new.But still, there are some things that are entirely new.The team was hanging out in a communal living room, Peter in an armchair off to the side, tapping at near light speed on his phone.Tony wandered in, wearing square glasses with dark frames (and when had those become a thing? So much had changed while Steve and those on his side had been away) and tapping at a Stark tablet.Peter looked up from his phone, towards Tony with a hopeful expression. “Hey Dad?”There was no screech of a record, nobody broke any plates, time didn’t slow. It was the calmest bombshell any of them had ever experienced.And that was only the first wave of the blast.Tony looked up, amidst his teammates staring and exchanging confused glances with each other. Peter, realizing what he’d said, had cheeks pooled with a deep burgundy, though he stared straight at Tony without looking at the others, trying to maintain the sense that he’d done it on purpose.Then Tony sent out the second wave by answering.“Yeah Pete?”The fallout was devastating and entirely silent. Each experienced the shockwaves internally; eyes bugged, jaws dropped and snapped shut in the same moment, air left lungs.“Um,” Peter’s eyes flickered around the room, landing on each reaction; Clint’s hands on his head as if to keep it from exploding, Rhodey and Sam were exchanging looks, Bucky’s face was screwed up (probably trying to go back through his information to find out when he missed that they were father and son), Natasha had her lips pressed tightly together, and Steve was staring right back at him. “I was wondering if I could see the new upgrades to the web shooters today?”An enormous grin spread over Tony’s face. “Sure kid, I finished ‘em last night.” He winked. “You’re gonna like them.”Thrill was plain on Peter’s face. “Thanks.”Tony waved a hand. “Don’t mention it.” His gaze turned critical when he looked Peter over. “Where’s your jacket?”Peter looked down, jeans and his shirt that said "nerdy" on it, spelled in periodic table squares. “I, uh, I’m not wearing it.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “I can see that. Why aren’t you?”Peter wrinkled his nose and looked at his shoes. “I forgot it.”Tony’s features split into exasperation and fondness. “You forgot it. Peter, it’s freezing out. I only installed a heater in the suit so unless you want to walk around naked while I have all of your clothing updated, you’ll have to wear a jacket.”Peter’s lip pushed into what could only be described as a pout. “Yes Mr. Stark.”Clint let out a hysterical laugh and the rest tried to hold back the laughter that threatened, some escaping Steve in snorts as he pressed his hand to his mouth.Both Peter and Tony looked around in confusion.“Is there something you all want to share with the rest of the class?” Tony raised an eyebrow.“You just went from Dad to Mr. Stark in two minutes flat,” Sam snickered.Clint inhaled a long whine before laughing again. “Did a fucking one-eighty.”Tony’s nose wrinkled, just as Peter’s had a moment before, sending new ripples of laughter through everyone. “What are you talking about?”“Okay, wait,” Bucky said, looking at Tony. “Did you adopt the spider-kid or is he biologically yours? Is that why you recruited him?”“I-what?” Tony jerked his head. “What is happening?”“Peter called you Dad.” Natasha’s mouth twisted in an effort not to laugh and ended in a quirked lip smirk. “He said ‘hey Dad’ and you answered.”Tony looked back at Peter; his chest was raising visibly from effort to control his breathing and he was still staring at the ground. Tears swam in his muddy brown eyes, dotting his eyelashes, threatening to slip down his crimson cheeks.“Well... Yeah,” Tony looked back to the team. “Of course I did.”The laughter in the group drained like water in a tub, swirling away till it died with a final glub.Peter looked up, surprise staining his features, all but his eyes, wide and achingly hopeful.The look on Tony’s face was nearly identical to the one he got when he looked when a new creation of his awoken, but intensified. He was proud, Steve realized, of this boy that was good and pure and saw him as a father.“Okay kid,” Tony walked over to Peter and clapped a hand on his shoulder. “Let’s go take a look a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Tony is a good dad
Fluff and Humor
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Team as Family
Family
Family Fluff
Parent Tony Stark
Parent-Child Relationship
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Feels
Precious Peter Parker
Peter-centric
Peter Feels
One Shot
Attempt at Humor
Happy

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

