Chapter 1: The Truth
    


Notes:
When Tate and I wrote The Company You Keep I was new to the Marvel universe and she was a Bucky/Steve shipper so that's the direction we went.  Now she's moved on to other fandoms and with her enthusiastic permission, I'm rewriting the fic to be Steve/Tony, which was very nearly there in their friendship anyway.If you loved TCYK just the way it was, thank you SO MUCH for reading it and know that it still stands all by itself.  These are two completely different universes, but about half the content is the same!  The other half is all new!!!




Chapter Text

*NEW YORK*
One week. Tony waits one week to hear from SHIELD after the triskelion falls. When he does, it’s nothing official (because there’s nothing official left) (SHIELD is ash and rubble) (SHIELD is Hydra) it’s Maria Hill showing up at Stark Industries looking for a job. They hire her, of course, because Pepper’s not stupid and also because Hill is good people and Stark Industries can desperately use good people right now.That’s it though.Tony lays awake at night waiting for Rogers or Romanoff to call. He’s got so many connections. He can pull so many strings. He would do-- could do-- whatever it took-- if they would just ask.But they don’t call, and he doesn’t hear from them, and between the loneliness (Bruce had run) and the boredom (Bruce won’t be back anytime soon) and the overwhelming curiosity (it kills cats but Tony’s not a cat) Tony ends up poking where he shouldn’t.“JARVIS? Do me a favor. All that data that Romanoff dumped-- see if there’s anything that mentions me. Actually-- scratch that. I know enough about myself to last me a lifetime. See what HYDRA had on dad, will you? And go straight to the Restricted Section. I only wanna read what I was never meant to see.”Curiosity kills cats. Turns out there are plenty of fates worse than death.*“Did you know?” Tony demands through gritted teeth.He’s called Steve because if they do this face to face Tony’s gonna punch him straight in the teeth and break his damn hand on that perfect smile.“Know what?” Steve asks. His voice is weary. Confused a little, but not as confused as he should be, for a call coming out of the blue from Tony at 5:14 AM on a weekday.“That Bucky Barnes was alive for one? I mean we could start there but probably-- the part with my parents. That’s-- that’s the part--” Tony snaps his mouth shut. Not because he doesn’t have more words but because words fail him. What are words when the world is closing in around you? What’s... what’s anything... when your lungs burn and your peripheral vision blurs and--Tony throws the phone like it burns his hand and it hits the wall hard and thunks to the floor all in one piece.Fucking StarkTech. Next time he’s buying a HammerPhone for the satisfying crunch it’ll make when it hits a goddamn wall.Tony doesn’t realize he’s on the floor until JARVIS speaks. He’s also not sure how much time has passed. Tony’s got his back to the wall and his head resting against his knees. “Sir, Captain Rogers is calling. He’s insisting I put him through.”“Just ask him if he knew!” Tony growls at the ceiling. “If the answer is anything but no then kindly tell him to take his phone and shove it up his--”“I didn’t know,” Steve’s voice pipes in. “I thought-- I was sure Bucky was dead. I watched him fall. No one could have survived."There's a pause and a deep intake of breath. Tony can picture Steve in crystal clarity, setting his jaw stubbornly as he plows through the painful words ahead. "But then-- I mean, you know now obviously-- he’s alive. He’s some assassin fairy tale called the Winter Soldier. And then before I knew he was alive, I saw some information on a screen that might connect him with your parents. But Nat and I were at an old Army base and about three seconds later Hydra was blowing us up. I haven’t had the chance to sort it out yet-- I’ve been in the hospital-- and all Nat could find me was one old file-- It’s mostly in Russian--”Steve’s connection is fine so it’s not static that’s garbling the conversation. It’s Steve’s guilt.Or Tony’s ability to process words mid panic attack. Everything hurts. Everything’s bad. Air is hard to find.“I’m coming to the tower,” Steve says. “I’m already in New York. I’ll be there in ten.”He ends the call.Tony’s brain puts the thoughts together in some semblance of an order and after a few more minutes of just sitting on the ground and making himself breath, he’s able to push up off his rear and stumble over to the nearest sink to splash some cold water on his face. It doesn’t do anything for the splotches on his cheeks but it grounds him. Helps him stay on his feet as he paces and thinks.Bucky Barnes is alive. Bucky Barnes is the Winter Soldier. The Winter Soldier killed mom and dad. The Winter Soldier... went down in the helicarrier? Is assumed dead? Steve said is not dead?It’s too much. And part of him doesn’t want Steve within a hundred miles of the tower and the other part wants him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Fix It Fic
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Angst with a Happy Ending
Science Bros
Trying to do the right thing
Slow Burn
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective Clint Barton
Past Medical Abuse
Preventing a Civil War
Friendship
Sam Wilson is a Gift
References to Past Child Abuse
Pining
Terrible Timing
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Not as tragic as it sounds
i only write happy endings

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

