Work Text:
Tony doesn't actually mean for them to see it.It's bad timing, or whatever, that he happens to need a new ice pack just before lunch. He figures he'll have enough time before everybody shows up to get the pack in place, but he doesn't take into account the fact that the bruising has made moving even his right arm kind of stiff and difficult, and he drops the new pack. Twice.The second time it skids under the table.He's underneath, cursing a blue streak and really wishing he had some fucking painkillers when Clint says, "Uhhh, hey, Stark, you need a little help there?" 
“No!” he snaps, and manages to grab the ice pack. He drags himself out from under the table, pulls himself upright, and finds Clint and Thor both standing there watching him with raised brows. Their eyes drop to his chest—exposed because he's pulled the left side of his t-shirt up over his shoulder so he can get to it more easily—and widen almost comically. 
“Friend Stark, you are injured!” 
“Holy shit,” Clint says, “what the hell is that?” 
Tony gives him the look a stupid question like that deserves. “Uhh, a bruised shoulder?” "What the hell is what?" comes Steve's voice through the door, and oh, god, everything's about to get a gazillion times worse.He scrambles to cover the bruise with the ice pack, but his goddamn fingers slip on the condensation and it hits the floor at his feet with a splat."Crap." He looks up, biting down a wash of guilt when he sees the flat, lowered set of Steve's brows and mouth."You said you didn't crash," he says, very, very steadily.
"Holy shit, Stark," Natasha blurts, appearing behind Steve."I didn't! Say that...in those exact words," Tony says and then mumbles, "I merely implied that because I didn't hit the ground, that I didn't maybe go through three brick walls and possibly hit a steel girder. Or something."
He knows the bruising looks bad, technically, kind of is bad, because they'd forced him to go through some nerve damage tests, but come on! The tests had all come out negative and sure, his shoulder is purple and red and, yeah, there's kind of a shadow effect from the way he'd impacted where you can see the outline of his ribs, which is slightly disturbing, but it's just some bruising.
"Oh, fuck, you stupid fuck," Clint cries, "That is considered crashing!"
"Sit down," Bruce orders. Where the hell had he even come from, he wasn't there two seconds ago, was he?"There's nothing wrong with my legs—" he starts and Steve glowers at him."Sit. DOWN."He swallows a little and then sits when Natasha pointedly pulls out one of the high bar chairs for him. Bruce moves in on him. "Put your arm up. Tony, put it up.""Why, what are you doing, I just need the ice, okay, there is nothing wrong with me if you will just let me get on following doctor's orders—ow!"Bruce pulls his t-shirt off."Jesus," Clint mutters behind his hand, "look at it. Are they sure you didn't break anything? Nat, do you see—" He waves his hand, a finger pointed out at him.Bruce, bent alarmingly close to him, is breathing a little too loudly for comfort. Tony tries to ignore it and says, "They did like, four x-rays, okay, no broken bones."
Thor frowns at him. "Why would you hide a thing like this from us? This type of injury must be very painful.""Tony," Steve says, voice flat, "you can see the outline of your muscles. Of your bones."Tony stares at the five of them, all gathered around him and looking worried and annoyed in equal measures. "What is wrong with you guys? I'm fine, it's not like I'm dying again."Bruce shudders and his eyes flick up, glittering green. "Again?" he growls, and his voice has dropped a pants-wetting two or three octaves.Natasha shoots a look at Clint, who immediately steps forward, putting a light hand on Bruce's shoulder. "Hey, Doc, why don't you let Cap finish up, huh? Let's get him some more ice for that, huh?"Tony sits very still, while Bruce allows himself to be drawn away, though his eyes don't leave Tony until Clint opens the freezer door.
Then Tony opens his mouth, glances up at Steve, Thor, and Natasha who are all eyeballing him like a very naughty child, and then licks his lips and says in a small voice, "Um. I guess I should have mentioned that?"
"You guess," Steve says.
"Probably?"
Steve's nostrils flare and he takes a deep breath eyes moving to something that's apparently less rage-inducing than Tony like the pantry or maybe the range top, who knows. When he's finished, his knuckles are no longer white around his biceps and he loosens his crossed arms very deliberately as he reaches for Tony's arm."I saw doctors, like, plural, this is really not necessary," Tony says. Steve ignores him, holding onto his arm at the elbow gingerly while he skims his hand down Tony's left side. The bruises are sensitive and he flinches despite his best attempts not to.
Steve's jaw tightens, but he doesn't do any more poking or prodding, he just very gently lowers Tony's arm back down to his side."Looks worse than it is?"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony Has Issues
Tony-centric
Poor Tony Stark
Hurt Tony
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony Stark
Fluff
Protective Avengers
Worried Avengers
Team Fluff
Teambuilding
Team Feels
Injury
Bruises
No Sex
Explicit Language
AO3 1 Million
Avengers Family
Friendship
Platonic Relationships

fandom: 
None
