Work Text:
Contrary to popular belief, Tony doesn’t do everything with pomp and grandeur. He knows how to be sneaky due mainly to years of avoiding paparazzi and manic ex-lovers. He’s no secret agent willing to change his face like Natasha, but he’s certainly stealth enough to hide from a certain spider-mutant-teenager in the back of an Italian restaurant in an impromptu stakeout.It started like this: Peter somehow weaseled his way into coming upstate every other weekend for the past three months, spending time in hand-to-hand combat training and generally learning how not to die in battle—the kid is stupidly danger prone, a notion fueled by his self-destructive tendency to put everyone else before him.(Tony tries not to think of how much it reminds him of someone whose name starts with an St and ends with an eve, but that is neither here nor there.)Sure, the notion of martyrdom is noble and whatnot, but its Tony who May bitches to when her baby gets hurt, not the bad guys who ultimately get canned. So realistically speaking, taking Peter upstate every once and awhile is the logical decision. It’s not like he would ever say no to it; the kid is in heaven, literally bouncing off the walls every second. He gets into a routine, a safe zone, spending his time away from training always arm wrestling with Thor or playing monopoly with Vision and Bruce until the early hours of the morning when he ultimately konks himself out at the table from exhaustion.And, okay. Tony’s not completely heartless. Having Peter around is…nice. It’s honestly good to have a break from the heaviness that never seems to leave his shoulders, with the Rogue Avengers still being AWOL and Ross looking toward him to bring his friends in like fugitives. Plus he still has to run his company, deal with shitty employees and shittier business tycoons. Not to mention the little lady named Crippling Anxiety who seems to have his number on her speed dial. Peter’s easy expression of youth is refreshing, and it makes his chest swell with emotion that he doesn’t quite know how to place. The kid is so eager to please. It’s adorable, really.But having someone to look up to him in the way Peter does is horrifying. Suffocating. Like the stuff of nightmares.So he’s not entirely sure why he doesn’t feel relieved when Peter tells him he’s not coming up this weekend.“Excuse me?” Tony whips off his glasses and squints up at Peter, who is standing just outside of his car. He’s shifting back and forth on his feet, his bottom lip snagged between his teeth.“I…I can’t. Go this weekend, I mean.” Peter fiddles with the sleeve of his sweater and looks anywhere but him, glancing around the side street of his school for an escape. “I’m kind of busy.”“Busy,” Tony repeats. From the front of the car, Happy raises his eyebrows in the mirror. “Busier than spending time with your favorite billionaire?”“Funny,” Peter jokes shyly, “I don’t remember Mister Osborn ever being upstate with me. Maybe May and I should invite him over for dinner. It’s been a while since I’ve seen Harry, and I bet Oscorp pays their interns.”Happy barks out a quick laugh and Tony shoots him a look that shuts him up just as fast. He trains his eyes back on the kid, and Peter seems to shrinks back, looking rightfully guilty. The little twerp.“I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that,” Tony says coolly, sliding his glasses back on. “Now unless it’s life or death, I suggest you cancel your plans and get in the car before I have to ask nicely.”Peter raises an eyebrow. “This isn’t asking nicely?”“This is strong suggesting. Asking involves much more effort.”The kid looks desperately around one more time, rocking up on the balls of his feet. “Um…It’s just…”Tony snaps his fingers. “Life or death. Time is money.”Peter shoots him a helpless little look before ducking his head and mumbling, “Ihaveadate.”Tony stops then, really stops, and turns to look at the kid straight on. His face has gone red and he’s still not making direct eye contact, and for a second Tony actually thinks he misheard him. “What? I’m an old man, kid. You need to speak louder when you’re conversing with your elders.”Sighing in defeat, Peter’s shoulder’s sag as he gives in. “I have a date, okay? I didn’t even know she was into me but she asked me out this weekend and I’ve liked her for a while—”A dangerous sort of smile curls on Tony’s face. “She asked you?” If at all possible, the kid’s face turns a deeper shade of crimson. “That’s… chivalrous.”“I didn’t know she liked me!” Peter hisses, his shoulders climbing higher and higher to his ears as he becomes more uncomfortable. “She does this thing where she pretends to hate everyone but actually cares a lot, and it’s hard to figure out what she really means because she says the opposite of what she’s feeling.”Happy smirks from the front seat. “Women.”“Damn straight,” Tony snickers.“Shut up,” Peter moans, covering his face with his hands. “God, this is exactly why I didn’t want to tell you. I knew you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff and Humor
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Oblivious Peter
Dad Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark Friendship
BAMF MJ
MJ is in it for like .3 seconds but she rocks the house
First Dates
It's a bit silly
Tony having fatherly revelations
Clint eating pasta
Stakeout
Humor
Civil War feels

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

