Work Text:
Once General Ross has resigned from his position as the US Secretary of State, Tony is invited to speak in front of the General Assembly of the United Nations in New York.The leaked videos of Siberia earn him more goodwill than he would have otherwise gotten. His unilateral decision to confront two super soldiers on his own on foreign soil gets him no more than the equivalent of a stern reprimand. Tony is relieved.The same most certainly doesn’t apply for his fellow former team members in absentia.In the draft of a new resolution the majority of the UN agrees on, they get explicitly labeled as terrorists.That’s got to stick in Steve’s craw, Tony thinks. But he’s not sure he cares anymore.Steve and his team trampled on the last speck of his softer feelings for his former ‘friends’ when they once more proved they didn’t give a shit about anyone besides themselves with their actions during their breakout from the Raft. In total, the jailbreak amounted to five dead, three catatonic and six injured guards. Not surprisingly, the most damage had been done by Wanda. Turns out ripping through a normal person’s head with her powers could lead to irreversible damage to the nervous system – who knew?Tony scoffs.Just when he’s prepared to leave the building, he’s accosted by two beautiful, but unsmiling women. He instantly recognizes them as members of King T’Challa’s Wakandan protection detail, the Dora Milaje.“His majesty would like to have a word with you, Mr. Stark,” one of them announces.Tony has to bite his lip, hard, to keep in his first irreverent reply, which would have amounted to, ‘The number of my secretary is listed on the Stark Industries website, ladies. Call and make an appointment,’ and instead smiles and dips his head.“I would be honored. Please tell his majesty that I have a craving for Italian food.” He names his favorite restaurant in the vicinity and promises to be available at his table there for the next two hours. The bodyguards look as though they’ve bitten into something sour, but tell him that T’Challa will join him shortly.Tony suppresses the overwhelming need to roll his eyes until they’ve walked away and steps into the car idling in front of the building with Happy behind the wheel.“I’m in serious need of some original New York style pizza, Happy,” he announces. “You know where to go.”***He’s playing with his second espresso, the pizza and the tiramisu already only vague memories, when T’Challa and his entourage step up to his table.Four bodyguards, really? Tony thinks uncharitably. Sometimes he thinks the Wakandan king simply likes surrounding himself with what, to the uninitiated, looks awfully close to a harem of young, beautiful women.Tony left Happy and his suitcase suit outside. Admittedly, he still has his repulsor watch and the bracelets, but there’s a difference between prudence and paranoia.Anyway, he’s glad he picked two adjoining tables.***Ten minutes later, he wishes he’d declined T’Challa’s request for a meeting. Their interaction has been overly polite, and nothing of substance has been said. Most of all, T’Challa has not even hinted at having been in Siberia himself, having left with Steve and Barnes, and having welcomed his former teammates to stay in Wakanda.Finally, T’Challa breaks. “Forgive me, but I feel the need to speak freely,” he announces.Tony nods politely to him. He knows that what he’s doing – refusing to engage – enrages people almost as much as when he talks at them incessantly. Pepper hates it when he gets like that.“I do not understand why my offer to temporarily join the Avengers until you have managed to assemble a more in-depth lineup is something that you--“ He breaks off, frustrated.Tony decides to throw him a life-line. “You’re wondering why I haven’t jumped at your offer to bolster our ranks, Your Majesty.”T’Challa hasn’t offered to let Tony call him by his name. Tony wonders what his former ‘friends’ have told their landlord about him.“Easy. You have divided loyalties, Your Majesty. Or rather, you have two different motivations that may, at times, run contrary to what’s in the best interests of the New Avengers,” he declares.T’Challa’s so offended he’s speechless.Tony continues mercilessly: “You are, first and foremost, the political leader of Wakanda. You have to understand that there would surely be situations in which the government of another signatory country of the Accords would not be best pleased to have you gain access to their technological, intelligence, or military matters during the course of one of our missions.”He smiles self-deprecatingly. “Thankfully, so far, even my worst critics have agreed that SI, at least in part through my personal efforts, has been at the forefront of technological innovation. They’ve also appreciated the Avengers’ break from S.H.I.E.L.D. in 2014. For those reasons alone, they’ve given us the benefit of the doubt. Until now.“But what would happen if one of our members was the king of a country attem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & T'Challa

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
T'Challa is not a good fit for the New Avengers
divided loyalities
Not Steve Friendly
actions have consequences

fandom: 
Tony Stark & T'Challa

