Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Coulson was the one who found him when SHIELD brought his dad in, beaten bloody and wheezing as they pried the armor off of his body in order to treat him. Peter should've been surprised, having been to his funeral, but with everything going on… He couldn't bring himself to feel.
It was Coulson who held his hand while they worked on his dad and uncle. It was Coulson who swore to him that everything was going to be okay. He was the lifeline that Peter clung to in the midst of all the uncertainty.
The only time he let go of Coulson's hand was when Pepper finally arrived so that she could pull him into her arms and cry silently, body shaking. Peter couldn't bring himself to hug her back. It was too much. “I'm sorry, Peter,” Pepper said, finally releasing him and kneeling to look into his eyes. “It's going to be okay. Tony's going to make it.”
Peter tried to believe her, but when the doctor asked to see her, his hand found Coulson's again. He couldn't tell if he was using his super strength or not, but Coulson wasn't batting an eye. “What's going to happen now, Uncle Phil?” Peter spoke softly, as if speaking louder would somehow cause even more of his world to break.
Coulson squeezed Peter's hand gently. “I'm going to take care of you,” he told him. “I'm going to take care of everything. It's going to be okay.”
Peter looked up at him, his sad eyes meeting Coulson's. “I don't want to be alone,” he admitted, voice cracking.
Eyes softening, Coulson used his free hand and ran his fingers through Peter's hair. “You won't. You'll never be alone, because I'm always going to be here for you.”
Peter clung to those words, leaning into his Uncle Phil's hand. Coulson would protect him. He never lied. He might've been a super spy, but he wouldn't make promises he wouldn't keep. That was him.
“What about Steve?” Peter couldn't stop himself from asking. He wanted to know what Coulson thought of the former Captain America now. He couldn't even bring himself to think of the man as his papa anymore. He'd thrown that title away when he'd almost killed his dad with the help of his friend, thrown it away when he'd abandoned his own child.
“I'll deal with him,” Coulson's eyes went cold, pulling Peter into his chest. “I swear it.”
Peter closed his eyes, burying his face in Coulson's suit that smelled like something clean, something safe. He'd already lost one parent, he didn't want to lose another. “It'll be okay, Peter...” Coulson's voice murmured into his hair. “It'll be okay...” And Peter lost himself in Coulson's words, because that's what he needed to hear, what he needed to believe.
“Thank you,” he mumbled into the agent's chest.
Coulson held him tightly until he calmed down. He convinced Peter to get something to eat and to sit down while they waited for whatever news would come of his dad's condition. It was a struggle, but Peter ate a little bit and then returned to wait.
Hours passed and Peter slipped into an exhausted sleep against Coulson's shoulder. The agent shifted so that Peter was stretched out on the chairs, head in his lap. He brushed Peter's hair from his face gently. Never before had Peter been so broken.
He understood. Coulson had never expected this to happen. He'd heard of growing unease about the Accords, but he knew that Tony was trying to compromise, was calling in favors and paying some very pricey lawyers to try and get it to be more equal. He thought Tony would make it better, like he always did, pulling off some incredible feat to solve even the most difficult of problems, but then Steve Rogers happened.
'What Captain America,' Coulson bitterly thought. The man had taken some of his closest agents and turned them against Tony. He blamed himself for not showing himself earlier, for not teaching them how to determine what was the best plan of action when governments got involved, but mostly, he blamed them. All of them.
'This wasn't supposed to happen.' His throat closed up as he shook with anger and guilt. The last thing he could ever imagine was Rogers abandoning his family, hurting them.
Sure, he left behind his country, but his family? That was a betrayal that cut him all too deeply. Peter should never have to suffer the way he was now. Coulson was decidedly very pissed at the so-called Avengers who betrayed them. Somehow, he was going to make sure they knew that.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
protective!Phil
hurt!Peter
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
More tags to be added
Rating May Change
More characters to be added
Superfamily (Marvel)
Divorce
not team cap friendly (requested tag)
News Media
Broken Families
Mild Language
Secret Identity
Secrets
Secret Identity Fail
Threats
Car Chases
Car Accidents

fandom: 
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

