Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Loki opened his eyes and there was colour.He hadn't expected to see colour but then again, he hadn't expected to have been able to open his eyes.His chest held the evidence of the wound Kurse had inflicted, a hole that had been skewered straight through his sternum – it pierced straight through; Loki could recall the sick feeling of the blade breaking the skin on the other side and the sensation of the air on his exposed flesh before the pain had started.It was a morbid thought that if he was to reach into the wound with a finger, he might have been able to poke through to the other side. Idly, Loki wondered how much it would hurt.The wound was numb. No pain, no discomfort, nothing to indicate that anything was out of the ordinary, nothing except... Where was he?This was not Svartalfheim. Svartalfheim did not have grass or trees or a sky so clear it looked like a void filled with nothing but a filter of soft blue light. Was this a meadow on Asgard he did not know of? Or if not on Asgard then perhaps on Midgard? Somebody must have moved him while he did not have the capacity to be aware of it, when he'd been so absolutely certain that he had been about to die. See you in Hel, monster, he'd vowed.Ah, Loki thought. So that was it then: he was dead. A small bubble of laughter escaped him because if this was Hel then it was more pleasant than he had been expecting – he'd go as far to describe it as picturesque from his current position sat on a path that ran between the two forests, a trail in the grass worn down by trampling footsteps rather than a path that was there by design. There was a rustle in the leaves somewhere behind him and when he turned he saw a cobbled road that stretched into the distance. And there, at the end of the road, was what had to be the largest hall Loki had ever laid eyes upon. Its golden walls did not gleam in the same way as the royal halls of Asgard did and where Asgard’s walls were built to demonstrate power and might, these walls radiated invitation and warmth.Perhaps this wasn’t Hel then. Hel’s reputation was not one that was known for its hospitality. And if by some mistake of the gods this was Folkvangr, then where were the warriors that reigned over the field?Loki eyed the golden building some more. No figures were entering or leaving the two large doors at its centre.He brought himself to his feet. If he was able to discern who the owner of the hall was then he stood a chance of being able to deduce where exactly this place was. But he had to remain cautious. He had no desire to be outnumbered or attacked or captured or–Another burst of laughter came out of his throat. He was dead, that much he knew for certain, so what did it matter? He could not feel pain and the worst that could have happened already had.After supposing that he had nothing left to lose, he began to walk towards the hall with as much dignity a man with a gaping hole in his chest could.The doors opened before he could touch them and there, with a smile on her face despite her wet eyes, was Frigga.Loki didn't know who moved first, himself or his mother. Their arms wrapped around each other and Loki could feel her, how warm and solid and whole she was, how she had rushed to embrace him despite his last words to her.He swallowed past the ache in his throat. “Mother…”"My son." The sound of her voice made Loki squeeze his eyes shut to savour it, the sound he never thought he'd be able to hear again. "Oh, Loki…" Frigga said with a sigh that landed next to his cheek. “I had not thought to see you for thousands of years yet.”Loki wet his lips. “It would seem that I have a talent for disappointing you.”Frigga moved her arms from his neck to his shoulders, gently pushing him back to look him in the eye. “Do not say such things. I am prouder of you than I have ever been, I merely wish that your life had not been cut short. Please do not mistake me wanting you to have lived a full life for not being happy to see you.""And I am happy to see you," Loki said, "in spite of it all.""Oh, Loki." Frigga wrapped her arms around him once more."Mother?" Loki asked once Frigga had lessened her hold."Yes?""Where are we?"“I don’t doubt you possess the intelligence to figure it out for yourself, my son. But if you find yourself failing, you should probably hold your self-regard responsible for that.”Loki floundered.“Or try thinking about it differently," Frigga continued. "Rather than asking in which realm your soul would rest, try the question of where my soul would come to rest.”"Valhalla?” He let out a quiet scoff. “You being in Valhalla I can believe. But myself? That's not possible, I–""Listen to me and listen very carefully," Frigga commanded and Loki obeyed, stilling and closing his mouth. "You died in battle. You died a noble death, sacrificing yourself for another and slaying a terrible monster as you did so.""Tricks," Loki mut
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
FrostIron - Freeform
Loki Redemption
Infinity Gems
Time Travel
Teamwork
Realm Hopping
Slow Burn
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst
Loki Angst
Death
Grieving
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
space travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Temporary Character Death
Fantasy
Adventure
Loki and Tony's misadventures across time and space
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Uneasy Allies
Sci-Fi
PTSD
Angst with a Happy Ending
Loki (Marvel)-centric
Space Pirates
Plotty
Don't copy to another site
Asgardian politics
Banter

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

