Chapter 1: Gasoline and Matches
    




Chapter Text
 

“It was against all scientific reason for two people who hardly knew each other, with no ties at all between them, with different characters, different upbringings, and even different genders, to suddenly find themselves committed to living together, to sleeping in the same bed, to sharing two destinies that perhaps were fated to go in opposite directions.”―  Gabriel García Márquez  , Love in the Time of Cholera


Nora was mucking the pig pen when she found out she was going to be queen. “Nor!”  She heard her father yell from the entrance to the barn, and she gave a huge sigh, her eyes meeting Piddy, the largest and most patient sow they had.  She was already getting a late start, having had to do extra time with the goats since her brother Liam had talked their Da around to his going into town for the day for… for nothing they would actually need or could afford Nora was certain. “What?”  She yelled back at him, and then noticed he wasn’t alone. There were three people with him, all very well dressed, looking like they were from the capitol, or one of the other cities, and were not at all suited for an old barn in Shikaakwa.  One of them, a rather old man with a heavy beard was speaking into one of those little metal-looking boxes that were supposed to let you talk to someone far away if they had one, too.   Periodically he looked down at his now ruined suede boots with disgust. The woman was a rare beauty, wrapped in heavy white furs and smiling in an amused way at her surroundings. She was probably from Sudan, either Dinka or Nuer, like all of the great lookers  were, with the typical deeply black skin, great height, and those gorgeous scars marking her forehead.  In fact, she was so utterly perfect Nora wondered if she might be the mate of the Jotunn who was the third member of their party.   Or at least his mistress.   There were a few young Jotunn males in Shikaakwa, of course.  They handled what passed for a local government and made certain the quarterly tithes to Jotunheim were shipped out with no fuss, but mostly they kept to themselves in their little enclave, all clearly just dreaming of the day that their period of service in the hinterlands was up and they could either return to the capitol or, in a few cases, the homeworld.   Periodically one of them would take offense at something Midgardian and would kill a young man or two for their amusement (the king fined them for killing females, since they were more valuable both for producing young and because they were generally less trouble), but mostly they counted time, fought each other for pleasure, and stole anything they wanted. But this was grown, warrior Jotnar who towered at least five feet over her father.  With high caste marks on his face and curved, spiralling horns, he was in some way related to the royal family.   He was dressed in the traditional garb of a loin cloth, and metal arm and shin guard, which was pretty rare on Midgard.  He was damned handsome and looked utterly disgusted by everything. Nora looked down at his enormous, heavy feet and couldn’t help herself from snorting.  Even a haughty, capitol city Frost Giant probably wanted for a pair of boots in a pig barn. Her father gave her a quick scowl, and she made her obeisance, like a good subject.  If she was insolent it would get taken out on one of her brothers, and while she wouldn’t cry too many tears for spoiled Liam getting a beating, Sam was the only one at home right now. The beautiful woman gave her an even bigger smile, “ Froa Walsh?” Nora couldn’t help it, she snorted again, “Nothing so fine as like that, my lady.  Just plain Nora.”  She climbed out of the stall, wiping her hands on the cloth that hung from the belt of her work-skirt.  She heard the Jotun mutter something, and she remembered just enough of her Sunday classes in Jotnar to recognise the world, “Savage…” To Nora’s everlasting shock, the beauty elbowed him in the thigh - she didn’t reach his gut - and said, “My apologies for Lord Kyrhyn’s rudeness.” “Um, sure,” Nora said, wary.  This was a strange turn of events. The older man took the little box away from his ear and put it in his pocket, “Alright Samiah, everything is set.  The ship is ready to take us back to the capitol as soon as she gathers her, um… belongings,” he said looking at Nora doubtfully. “What?”  Nora and her father said at the same time. Mickey had been unusually quiet, but even his gab would be curtailed by these visitors.   The beauty, Samiah, shook her head with a pained look, “I hadn’t told her yet.” Nora looked at the three of them.  She hadn’t had a chance to wonder what they wanted here and with her yet, and now she had a sinking feeling…. Except that possibility was impossible. Samiah put her hands up in a reverent fashion, bowing her head, “Your name came up,  Nora ,” she said the name carefully, as if she thought it could harm her or she could harm it, “you are to be th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
JotunnLoki/Original Female Character

freeform: 
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jotunheim Won the War
Fucking
Oral Sex
Rough Sex
Anal Sex
MCU AU
Shapeshifting
Multiple Partners
Betrayal
Assassination Attempt(s)
Voice Kink
Hair Kink
Hair-pulling
A few other kinks
Horn kink
Treason
Revolution
Marking
Scent Marking
Sex
Mildly Dubious Consent
Identity Reveal
Blood and Violence
Revenge
Gentle Sex
Tenderness
Dubious Ethics
Dubious Consent Due To Identity Issues
Loss of Virginity
Poison
Magic
Glove Kink
Bondage
Spanking
Rebellion
Jealousy
War
Clones
Alternate Identities
Sex Magic
Loss of Identity
Threesome - F/M/M
Death
Resurrection
Torture

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)
JotunnLoki/Original Female Character

