Chapter 1: A Billion Little Pieces
    




Chapter Text






 “I was a billion little pieces until you pulled me into focus” – Venus, Sleeping at Last





Darcy Lewis grunted when the shock wave slammed into her body. She squinted against the blast of air, glancing over at Jane, eyes widening with fear. "Jane!?""I know!" Jane screamed, brown hair streaming in the wind, reaching out to grab Darcy's hand. "Just hold on!"Pulling herself as close to Jane as she could, Darcy threw her arms around her friend's waist and held on for dear life. This was bad, fuck, this was so bad. This was worse than New Mexico, even worse than London. And seeing as those were already pretty horrible ’apocalypse is coming so make sure you’re wearing clean underwear’ battles, that was saying something.All of this started for six measly college credits. Yes, she’d gotten a best friend out of the deal, and a man who looked at her the way she assumed a father would look at a daughter, and yeah, okay, she’d also been around a Norse god who could fly and wore a fabulous cape, but damn she was sick of almost dying.But this time it didn’t look like almost. It looked like full-on dead.She could hear sounds of fighting and screaming. She and Jane weren’t even in the thick of the battle, but she could hear it, and that was bad enough. Even being on the fringes was dangerous, and she yelled as something flew by their heads and crashed into a building. Fuck! Darcy was pretty sure the buildings around them had been evacuated (or flee’d from in fear), but as the bricks began to cave in, she figured it was too late now.  "What's the possibility we die?" she yelled at Jane, needing the distraction."I don't know, Darcy!"She could hear the terror in Jane's voice. Both of them shouted when a softly glowing stone skidded across the rubble of what used to be a street and came to a stop a few yards in front of them. It looked like it was made of the brightest amber and Darcy could see things swirling within it, and it made her blood run cold. She remembered Jane mentioning something about important stones, the kind of important that only the Avengers (with their powers and strength and ability to not be terrified every fucking minute) could handle... yet there it was, beautiful and terrifying, sitting right in front of them.Darcy was still holding onto Jane as tight as she could, shielding her eyes against the wind and the sand that it threw at them. "I need a percentage!""What?" The fighting continued around them, a blur of bodies and sounds of pain, the blast of lights and lasers. Darcy couldn’t even imagine what was happening in the war raging; there had been things she’d seen that she couldn’t wrap her head around, including a tree and a raccoon. So much of this was above her pay grade and level of understanding that she needed something to ground her.Both women screamed when something scorched the ground a few feet in front of them, leaving a line of charred dirt and smoking sand that had turned to glass. If it was symbolic of some kind of line they were about to cross (fuck, she was so bad at crossing lines!), then Darcy chose stubbornly to ignore it. Instead she yelled out to Jane again. "Give me a number! How likely are we about to die?""What are you talking about?! Ah!" Darcy oofed when an energy blast detonated nearby, throwing them off their feet and backward through the air. She grunted as she and Jane hit something, knocking the breath out of them. As she struggled to take in a breath, she looked up at the thing her body had just slammed against; it was a panel van, on the side was a flaming skull, wearing a leather jacket and holding a flaming chain.Ugh. So tacky. Darcy could taste blood in her mouth. She was going to die. She’d gotten lucky the first two times, but the third time would not be the charm. She was terrified, her heart racing, and some small part of her couldn't help but think this is what you get for trying to hang out with people who are cooler than you.She wasn’t supposed to be here, not with Gods or superheroes or super soldiers. She was nothing, just a lab monkey, a person who could only tangentially be connected with the Avengers. Darcy should have known better, she should have learned her lesson the first two times and just become a barista at Starbucks, or some equally as mundane of a job. 
At least Starbucks baristas get health care.
She coughed, rolling in the dirt, watching as Jane did the same. "Janey..." Darcy followed Jane’s line of sight, seeing the tears wet on her friend’s cheeks. Jane was looking at the carnage ahead of them, the rolling mass of smoke and lights, looking for any sign of Thor. Darcy could see the hope draining from Jane’s eyes as she realized just how bad everything was. Jane needed a distraction, and that was something Darcy had been called her entire life. Just a distraction."Jane Foster, what percentage are we looking at? One-hundred? Fifty? Two? Just give me something!" She reached out a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanoff
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanoff
Jane Foster/Thor Odinson

freeform: 
WinterShieldShock - Freeform
UST
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Darcy Has Powers
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Pining
Drama
Humor
Angst
Polyamory
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Smut
All the swears
Slow Burn
framily
Non Stop Pop Culture References
OT3
Found Family
all the Avengers need therapy
Oral Sex
Threesome
Blow Jobs
wintershield - Freeform
WinterShock - Freeform
ShieldShock - Freeform
Stucky - Freeform
Sex
Anal Sex
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanoff
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanoff
Jane Foster/Thor Odinson

