Chapter 1: one
    




Chapter Text


1.





“Mr. Stark, can we stop at the bank before we head upstate? I need to cash a few checks or else May will kill me.” Peter asked as Happy was driving them upstate to the Avengers compound.
 
“Checks? What, you got a job I don't know about?” Tony retorted as he looked at Peter.
 
“No. They're birthday checks.” Peter scratched the back of his neck. 
 
Tony ran through the date in his mind. “Birthday? I didn't miss your birthday.” 
 
Peter quickly shook his head. “No, these are from last year.”
 
Tony blinked. “Last year? You haven't gotten your checks cashed from 

last year

?”
 
“I've been busy,” he defended himself. “Like saving the world and stuff.”
 
“You mean, saving a few old ladies from crossing the street by themselves?” Tony smirked. Peter narrowed his eyes and stared at the floor of the car. “I'm joking, kid. You also get people's bikes back, help with directions.”
 
Peter tried to hide his smile but it didn't work. He looked back up at Tony and Tony smiled down at him. Then he turned to the front of the car and said, “You heard him, Hap. Head to the bank.”
 
“You got it, boss,” he said from the front. 
 
It was only a little detour so they were there in a few minutes. Happy pulled into the parking lot and said, “I'll be out here. Be quick, Cap was gonna have dinner ready at the compound.”
 
Tony rolled his eyes and opened the door for Peter. “Come on, kiddo.” 
 
Peter looked at him questioningly. “You don't have to follow me in. I'll be okay.”
 
“Maybe I want to.” Tony pushed him through the car door and followed him out. 
 
Peter didn't argue and he kept walking until he was inside the bank. There wasn't a long line or else Tony would have taken off the sunglasses and escorted Peter to the front. 
 
“So, kid, how's your project doing? The one for your tech class where you need to make something from the ‘50s. Right?”
 
Peter smiled up at him. “Yeah, I decided to combine the television 

and

 3D. So all I have to do is make a functioning television and film something and turn that video into 3D.”
 
“You should swing by the tower when you're going to start it, I've got some stuff in the lab you can use. And I'd love to help you out with it,” Tony said, enjoying how excited he was getting over it. 
 
Peter started to thank him and then started to go on about his ideas and how he planned to build it all. Tony was listening to every word he said but then something caught his eye. He turned around to see two men in scrubs with doctor masks covering half their faces. And then a woman in matching attire walked inside and shut the door behind her, flipping the lock. 
 
“Shit,” Tony cursed just as Peter abruptly stopped talking. 
 
“Mr. Stark, something's wrong,” he said, probably because his Spidey senses were telling him danger was close. 
 
“This bank is about to be robbed,” Tony whispered as he pulled out his phone and typed out a quick text to Happy. 
 

bank rob. 911

 
He shoved his phone back in his pocket before he could get a response. He hoped Happy had his phone on and close by. 
 
“Listen to me,” Tony said quickly and quietly, grabbing Peter's shoulder. “Keep your mouth shut and don't try anything. You're not Spider-Man and there is nowhere for you to change so unless you want the entire world to know your secret, keep out of their attention.”
 
“But--.”
 
“No buts. I don't have a suit or 

anything 

on me. Please, Peter, just--.” 
 
“Everyone on the ground now!” There it was. 
 
Tony pushed Peter down. “Get over there.” 
 
Peter looked scared and Tony wanted to pull the kid close and keep him behind him. But he couldn't. He had to let the robbers believe they weren't here together. If they found out who Tony was, they'd want something. And that would be easier to handle without them using Peter against him.
 
“Go,” he urged one last time before they were all laying on the bank floor. Peter crawled away until there were several people between them. He looked once last time at Tony before looking down at his feet. 
 
“We don't want trouble,” one of the robbers called out. “You all stay quiet and we'll take what we came for and no one will get hurt.” 
 
A man and a woman ran to the desk and screamed for the teller to empty all the money into their bags. “And don't you dare try to pull that shit with the bills that set off an alarm.” 
 
The teller was crying as she continued to fill their bag, insisting she didn't signal anyone about what was happening. Tony peeked over at Peter and could see him struggling with staying still. The kid didn't want to hide when someone was in danger. 
 
After a few moments, the three of them started to leave with their cash when sirens started blaring outside. The woman growled, pointing her gun at everyone lying down. “Who the fuck called the police?” 
 
Nobody answered. 
 
“What did you do, bitch?” One of the men roared, hurrying to the teller. He whipped her across the face with his gun and she let out a sob and fell
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Hostage Situations
Paparazzi
Assumed Relationship
Coma
Hospitalization
Nightmares
Panic Attacks
Domestic Avengers
Strip Poker
Drowning
Flashbacks

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

