Work Text:
The very last thing that Peter expected to find when he got home was Aunt May sitting on the couch, serving a cup of tea to Bucky Barnes, the Winter Soldier himself.“Uh,” Peter said, looking around to make sure there weren’t any other former assassins hanging around. “Hi?”“Peter!” Aunt May flashed him a thousand-watt smile. “We have a visitor!  Have you met Mr. Barnes yet?”“Um, no, no I haven’t,” Peter said, nearly tripping over his own bookbag in his hurry to get to the living room. “Why is he here?”Bucky Barnes sat there calmly sipping his cup of tea, though he did look somewhat amused by Peter’s outburst. “Just thought we ought to meet.”Peter realized a few things in quick succession:  that he had left the Winter Soldier webbed to the ground in a German airport, that Bucky was Captain America’s best friend, and that, given that he was in school clothes and had no web shooters on him at all, he was currently hopelessly outclassed by a century-old assassin with a freakin’ metal arm.“Hi, nice to meet you, please don’t kill me,” Peter said in a rushed jumble of words.“Lighten up, kiddo,” Bucky said.  “I don’t do that anymore.”May smiled at Peter, as though that statement hadn’t been horribly unsettling.  “Peter, is that how we treat guests?”“Uh,” Peter said. “Sorry?”“It’s okay,” Bucky said. He turned to Aunt May. “I’d be nervous if I was him, too. He has been calling out my good buddy Steve on the internet.”“Yeah, I’ve been meaning to talk to him about how we should treat our elders,” Aunt May said.Peter couldn’t even honestly say, “He started it.”  He was defenseless.  His hands pinwheeled at his sides, seemingly of their own accord, and he made a few uncertain, half-hearted syllables that did not add up to any actual words.The Winter Soldier was definitely seconds away from laughing at him.  “He deserved it,” Peter muttered.  The Winter Soldier laughed at him.Peter wondered if he could just leave the apartment, come back, and try this again.  “You might find this hard to believe,” Bucky said once he’d stopped laughing, “but I’m not here to make your life miserable.”“I find that very hard to believe,” Peter agreed. “I’ve been publicly trashing your best friend, dude.”“You got a best friend?” Bucky said.  He set his teacup down. “Yeah,” Peter said, wondering where this was going.“Me and Stevie, we’ve been close for a real long time,” Bucky said. “And this is the first real opportunity I’ve had since the war to give him some payback for all the grey hairs he’s given me.”Aunt May looked like she wanted to argue against the existence of any hypothetical non-perfect hairs on Bucky Barnes’ head, but she kept her peace.Peter thought he wouldn’t do something like that to Ned, but Bucky-- something about Bucky reminded him obscurely of MJ, and MJ would throw him under the bus without hesitation if an opportunity like this arose.  “I’m listening,” Peter said finally.“I understand you’re interested in some dirt,” Bucky said.  He looked at Peter expectantly.“Are you offering some?” Peter said, perking up, because if anyone had the embarrassing deets on Captain America, it would be someone who’d known him since the Depression.  “Because I am all ears, my man.”Thirty minutes later, a video of Bucky Barnes cheerfully telling the world about the time a young Steve Rogers puked on a nun after eating too many caramel creams appeared on Peter’s secret Instagram.It had made the news cycles less than an hour later; Peter couldn’t have asked for a better gift.*Tony called three hours later. “Please tell me you didn’t hunt down Barnes.”“He showed up here,” Peter said, choosing discretion over valor and tactfully did not mention the fact that Bucky and Tony had pretty much pulled the same recruitment move.  It wouldn’t go over well.Tony sighed. “I don’t like him.”“He’s scary,” Peter agreed, “but he wants to help me win against Captain America.  Who better than someone who knows all the dirt?”“That he does,” Tony said.  “Listen. I’m never going to like the guy, but I’ll tell you he’s at least safe to be around these days. I would tell you to stay away otherwise, capiche?”  “Capiche,” Peter said awkwardly.  He knew why Tony would never like Bucky, and he felt a little disloyal bringing the dude in on his team, but this was war and Tony definitely understood.  “And never trust him,” Tony added. “Okey dokey,” Peter said, immediately regretting it and hanging up before Tony could do more than laugh at him.  *“Dude,” Ned said that night, grabbing a slice of pizza and folding it before taking a huge bite.  “I almost fell out of my freakin’ chair when I saw the Winter Soldier on your Insta.”“I came home and he was here, just hanging out with Aunt May,” Peter said, gesturing with his own slice.  MJ flinched slightly away, which was totally unfair, because Peter was a superhero, he had total control over his pizza.“Wow,” Ned said. “Is this going to become a thing? First Tony Stark, now the Winter Soldier.  What if Thor is next? Du
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Prank Wars
Fluff and Humor
Team Bonding
Accidental Spider-Dad Tony Stark
Steve Rogers is a Troll
the spidey vs cap prank war ends

fandom: 
None
