Chapter 1: Ned
    


Summary:

Because the mask covers Spider-Man’s entire face, Ned doesn’t see the moment that he opens his eyes. So Ned jumps about a mile high when Spider-Man suddenly sits up in a whirlwind of flailing limbs, head twisting every which way before his gaze finally settles in Ned’s direction. “Oh, N –” Spider-Man stops, looks down at himself, and finishes loudly, “No! Oh, no, is what I mean.”





Chapter Text

Sometimes, when Aunt May gets really mad, after Peter has broken his curfew for the umpteenth time with nothing but the flimsy excuse that he wasn’t paying attention, she calls Peter 

the smartest idiot she knows.

 She’s been calling him that a lot recently.
 
Right now, Peter thinks she might be right.
 
The worst part is that the fight wasn’t even that 

bad. 

It started with three ski-masked guys standing around an elderly man, who looked like he’d been forcibly pushed into the alley wall by the way he was shaking and eyes darting all over the place. It happened in broad daylight, too – Peter’s never thought about giving into a life of crime, but if he did, he’d like to think he’d do it better than those three. 
 
Peter had approached from above, listening to the three of them threaten the poor old guy until he eventually handed them his bag. They’d dumped everything out, bright orange medicine bottles rolling over the pavement, and Peter had decided that was enough and dropped down from his perch on a nearby roof.
 
The annoying thing was that the squabble hadn’t been brief like he’d expected it. Really, once he’d disarmed them, gun stuck to wall in a flash of white webbing, he’d thought they’d get the hint and try to make a break for it.
 
But no. They were persistent. And 

quick. 

Now Peter’s sporting two good-sized bruises from a lucky knee to the ribs, but really, that’s 

it

. Despite how long the fight dragged on, Peter apprehended them pretty easily. The three men are probably squished into the back of a cop car right now, rethinking their life choices to harass elderly men in back alleys.
 
The only problem is that Peter didn’t eat lunch. He’d been making up a Spanish test that he’d missed the week before because he’d been following what he thought was a drug-smuggling ring that turned out to be a couple of college kids smoking weed in a shady looking apartment. And all he’d had for breakfast was some cereal, too, because he’d gotten in late from patrolling the night before.
 
This is where the idiot part comes in. He’d just been showing off for the old guy, okay, because he had his phone out and even though the old man probably didn’t even know what Youtube 

was, 

Peter will do a couple of fancy flips for a camera. People like that. The guy had just been mugged, Peter was trying to cheer him up.
 
In the middle of his third backflip, Peter’s stomach began to growl, and then his vision went black.
 
Thankfully his vision flickered back in long enough that he managed to land mostly on his feet, but that was enough. Peter grabbed the guy’s bag off the ground, shoved it at him with a hasty 

stay safe, citizen, 

and rushed off, because Peter learned the hard way in the first few weeks after the spider bite that super metabolism has crazy consequences if you don’t listen to your stomach.
 
Apparently Peter didn’t learn that lesson well enough, because he passes out in a trash heap two blocks away from his apartment.
 
---
 
Ned is thinking about calculus homework and whether Peter will bring over Metroid 1 or 2 for video game night when he stumbles upon Spider-Man, dead, in a pile of garbage.
 
“Holy shit,” Ned 
shouts
, which he thinks is the appropriate response to finding an unmoving superhero in the street. Before Ned can panic any more, thankfully, Spider-Man groans and shifts, the garbage bags squeaking underneath him.
 
He’s not dead. Thank God, Ned isn’t sure what he would’ve done if he was. It probably would’ve involved a lot of crying, and talking to the police, and it’s a 

school night. 

He’s got homework he has to finish. Being a witness to a murder really would’ve sucked, for all the obvious reasons and more.
 
Up this close, Spider-Man’s costume looks way less cool than it does in the YouTube videos. It kind of looks like blue sweatpants and a hoodie. Ned guesses low-brow heroes like Spider-man don’t get payed much -- or at all, really. That might actually make him cooler, for doing what he does without the benefits that people like the Avengers get. Like Robin Hood, or something.
 
Ned crouches down hesitantly next to the garbage and Spider-Man, who is still groaning and clutching at his stomach. Ned gives him a quick once over, almost expecting to see blood seeping into the fabric, but finds nothing. His heart beats loud in his ears. 
Ned's not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing that there are no visible injuries. He thinks about all the possibilities of wounds that could be hidden beneath the skin -- broken bones and concussions and fracture
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Pre-Canon
Post-Canon
five + 1
the jackpot of all the gen and all the healthy platonic relationhips
5+1 Things
Hurt Peter
Hurt/Comfort
Self-Indulgent
Comedy
hopefully
Fluff
kind of?
Fluff and Angst
Angst
its a good balance of half and half with the funny fluffy stuff and the angsty painful stuff
Really cute
trust me it is
this is gonna be really fun hop on for the ride y'all
basically peter x everyone but platonically
Shenanigans
the fic we all need
Homesickness

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & Michelle Jones
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

