Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Like all of the floors in Stark Tower, the ‘pool floor’, as Clint had deemed it, had been spared no expense. There were several water slides, two different diving boards, a separate hot tub, a ‘kiddie’ pool, a smaller saltwater pool, and a chlorine pool that was three times the size of the pools that Bucky was used to seeing. All surrounded by coral-colored tile, cushy lawn chairs, soft towels, a fully stocked bar, and – to top it off – a skylight, which meant that they were swimming underneath the sun.All housed under the roof of a man who couldn’t stand to be underwater.Tony was reclining back on one of the lawn chairs, tablet propped up on his knees. His head was bent and he hadn’t looked up in several minutes; whatever he was researching had to be interesting, because the screams of Wanda and Natasha were pretty hard to ignore. Bucky had to sit on his hands to keep himself from walking over there and stealing the tablet, running his hands through his baby’s hair and smoothing away the stress lines on his face.He'd thought about it before, and he was almost positive that Tony would be okay with going in the pool if Bucky was there with him. It had taken about a month of baths in less than a foot of water before Tony trusted him enough to raise the water level. Now they were up to Tony’s chest, just below the arc reactor, and Tony could still play without too much concern. If Bucky were to sit Tony on his hip, and they got into the water together…“Okay, stop it Barnes,” Bucky muttered, earning a curious glance from Bruce. Bucky smiled back weakly. There was no point in longing for that, at least not right now, because there was no way Tony was going to let his secret slip out.The world had no idea that Tony Stark was a Little. Somehow, even with all of the reconnaissance SHIELD had done and the fact that they all lived in the same tower, the team didn’t know either. Tony had done a masterful job of concealing what he considered to be his dirtiest secret right up until Wanda, Bucky, Sam and Vision moved in. Tony was used to hiding from Steve; one very late night not two weeks after Bucky first arrived, Tony’d forgotten that there was another supersoldier in the house.It was shocking information at the time, yet when Bucky stopped and thought about it later he couldn’t believe he hadn’t put two and two together before. Tony was a natural Little when he let himself be. He just kept himself so tightly wound up that no one saw it. Until Bucky walked into the kitchen at 4am and found Tony sitting on the floor, sobbing, a spilled bottle beside him and a burn on his hand.‘Rocky’ didn’t begin to describe their start. As far as the rest of the team knew, Bucky and Tony spent very little time together. Steve would have said, very confidently, that they didn’t even like each other. Steve would’ve been wrong. It was Bucky’s insistence that Tony not be left alone to struggle anymore that had gotten them this far; Tony hadn’t, and still didn’t, understand his perseverance. But Tony also wanted someone, anyone, so badly that he hadn’t argued nearly as much as he could’ve.So here they were, eight months later, and things were still awkward but they were getting better, Bucky thought. They tried to average one night a week. Steve thought Bucky spent those nights at a book club. A book club. Steve was an idiot. Bucky spent those nights playing, bathing, feeding and cuddling a beautiful baby boy who, mentally, was probably no older than twelve months, no matter how much Tony argued that he could be big if he wanted to.It was heaven. Everything Bucky had ever wanted, wrapping up in a short (“I am not short! I am compact!”), cute, brown-eyed bundle. They clicked together beautifully. Bucky got to motherhen to his heart’s content, as Tony put it, and Tony got the caregiver he desperately needed (and frankly, Bucky still had no idea how Tony had struggled along on his own for as long as he had), except for one thing.The team still didn’t know, and after Ultron Tony really didn’t want them to know. He’d all but begged Bucky to keep his secret, convinced that this would be the last straw to getting him pulled from the team altogether, and what could Bucky do but agree? He’d seen the way the team treated Tony now. He didn’t even think anyone was even aware of it. But that extra layer of suspicion was definitely there, and Tony had noticeably pulled back from being so friendly with the team. And since no one except for Bucky went out of their way, or even noticed, to cross that bridge…Needless to say the whole situation was a mess, but Bucky was determined to fix it somehow. “Hey Buckaroo, if you frown any harder your face will get stuck that way.”Bucky looked up, startled. He’d been so deep in thought he hadn’t noticed that Tony had moved was now standing beside him. “That’s just my thinking face, so I doubt anyone would notice.”Tony smiled. “They are kind of oblivious,” he said, though his tone was fond.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
civil war does not exist here
alternate universe - littles are known
non sexual age play
Age Play
Infantilism
non sexual infantilism
little Tony
Little Wanda
little natasha
Daddy Bucky
Daddy Steve
Daddy Clint
mommy laura
Baby Tony
bottles
Diapers
Bathing
Cuddling
Platonic Cuddling
platonic sleeping together
platonic sharing a bed
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
no he seriously needs a hug
Assumed Character Death
character is not actually dead
they all just think he's dead for maximum FEELS
Angst
Angst and Feels
Angst and Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
steve is a daddy to wanda in this
steve needs to get his head out of his butt
because he tends to think he's the only one who suffers EVER
Miscommunication
character MIA
SHIELD Missions
Tony suffers alone
all the feels
seriously I'll break your heart
but then I'll put it back together
Almost Drowning
partial drowning
Flashbacks
Panic Attacks
PTSD
Tony Stark has PTSD
Tony Stark Has Trust Issues
I mean can you blame him though
Little Headspace
tony tries to deal on his own
Hidden Relationships
Tony still has the arc reactor
i miss the arc reactor ok
CPR
a hand wavy version of CPR
hidden classifications
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

