Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“My granny was born the same year as you.”When the soft voice spoke to him across the common area, Steve Rogers jumped. It was a forgivable reaction - he'd thought he was alone on the floor. The undignified squeak of alarm he let out, on the other hand, was entirely unforgivable and he knew he was bright red when he turned around to see who had spoken.He suppressed a groan. It was Darcy Lewis, Dr. Foster's assistant, who had come with the tiny doctor and Thor when Thor decided to make Avengers Tower his “Midgardian” home. Steve kind of liked Dr. Foster - when she came out of her science bubble she was personable and nice - but Darcy, for some reason, set Steve's teeth on edge.It wasn't that she was unlikable, or rude, or disagreeable. In fact, she was very polite and mostly agreeable and possibly very likeable. But she was loud and sarcastic and obnoxious, she flaunted her physical assets, she poked fun at everything, she seemed to take nothing seriously, and she just grated on Steve's nerves the way nobody else did except maybe Tony Stark.And now this. Her granny was born the same year as him. Was this a prelude to some kind of mockery about his age? Because he was really getting sick of that. He opened his mouth to say something to that effect, but then he stopped and looked at her - really looked, and realized that something was very wrong.Darcy was curled up on one end of the couch under the window rather than sprawled across the one in front of the television. She wasn't wearing her usual obnoxiously bright colors - instead, she was dressed in a pair of fleece pajama pants and an oversized black hoodie. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail and her feet were bare and she wasn't bouncing along to the music on her iPod - in fact, it was nowhere to be seen. And her eyes, instead of being lined with black, were rimmed in red.She scrubbed at her face with the back of one hand. “Sorry,” she said, her voice still soft and almost dull. “I didn't mean to scare you.”“It's fine,” he said, waving a hand. “Darcy... is something wrong?”She sniffled, rubbing at her face again. Then she shifted, and he saw that there was something thin and square in her lap: a picture frame. She held it out to him. Intrigued, he came back across the common area and took it, looking down at the picture. In it, two female figures stood at a table in a brightly lit country kitchen, scooping what looked like jam onto pastry squares. One of them was obviously Darcy, around seven or eight years old, wearing a flour-sack apron over a patchwork jumper, her brown hair tied up in two tight braids that fell over her shoulders. The other was a woman in her seventies, gray hair pulled back in a bun, also wearing a flour-sack apron over her workaday dress. Both of them were beaming broadly at the camera.“That's your granny?” he asked unnecessarily.Darcy nodded anyway. “Her name was Žofie, but everyone calls her Sophie. She and my grampa Rudolf came to the U.S. in 1938, just after they married. It wasn't exactly safe to be a Jew in Eastern Europe.” She shrugged, making a face, and he nodded, sitting down beside her and waiting for her to continue. After a moment, she did so. “they came in through Ellis Island, but there was a big Czech community in West, Texas - that's the town of West, not the western region of the state.” She smiled slightly. “So they lived in Brooklyn for a few years, saved up some money, and took the train. My uncle was born in West in 1941, just a few months after they got there, and my aunt in 1945, and then my mom in 1948.”Steve did some very fast math in his head. “You must have been quite the late-life surprise.”Darcy grinned then, wide and bright. “You'd think so, wouldn't you?” she said. “I was actually adopted. My mom couldn't have kids, so she and my dad waited until they were financially stable and then they picked me up at the bargain basement sale.”“Oh,” he said, slightly embarrassed. “Sorry.”She waved it off. “Nothing to be sorry about. You were almost right.” The smile slid off her face after a moment and she sighed, leaning against his shoulder and looking down at the photograph he was still holding. “They died when I was six. There's a train track crossing out near where we lived, and at the time it had lights but no bars, and it was late one night and the lights didn't work and they were crossing the tracks and a train hit the car. I was told later - once I was old enough to understand - that they probably never knew what hit them.”Steve's heart clenched. “God, Darcy, I didn't know. I'm so sorry.”“How could you have known?” she asked reasonably, glancing up at him. “It's not like I've got a sign on my head.” She shrugged. “Anyway. My aunt and uncle had both moved away and had their own families, so I went to live with Granny and Grampa.” She reached out, one finger gently touching her granny's face in the photo. “This was when she was teaching me how to make kolaches. She also taugh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
bit of angst
Misunderstandings
Steve Has Issues
AO3 1 Million
Doombots
What am I doing?
I Don't Even Know
My First Avengerfic
Darcy Feels
PTSD Steve

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

