Work Text:
Removing the back-breaking textbooks from his backpack, Peter shoved them into his locker. Flash running by and slamming the locker shut, Peter's sleeve stuck in the metal.Peter sighed, tugging futilely at the now tearing fabric. He couldn't pull the latch up because the cloth was stuck in the mechanism."You stuck Penis Parker?" Flash taunted, yanking Peter's hood back. Peter fell back, sleeve tearing as he fell onto the cool tiles. A kick being sent to his ribs.Flash' bullying had become physical last week when Peter had tripped over his feet and his lunch went flying onto Flash' face and homework.Flash had clocked him in the jaw, he'd have blocked the hit but he really wasn't expecting it. His sense had flinched but the fear and anxiety had dulled it enough for him to brush it off.Luckily it hadn't bruised until after he'd gotten home, he stayed in his room long enough for the purple skin to lose its color and return to normal.Peter figured that day Flash had figured out he liked doing harm because Flash had been pushing, shoving, and kicking his legs out from under him since."Seriously Parker is the ground really that comfortable?" Another kick, Peter froze when he felt his already cracked ribs break under the assault.Peter's head fell back, a gasp escaping him, but apparently, Flash hadn't heard the break and kept kicking. His senses were in overload, the buzzing in his pocket seemingly making his body shake further.He hadn't remembered it was not Happy picking him up today, Dad was. Of course, he wasn't going to get out of the car, but he must be getting impatient waiting for Peter.Something Peter never knew was that Tony had never felt impatient when it came to Peter. With his lifestyle when Peter took a while or didn't answer. All he felt was the worry in his old ragged heart.When Peter didn't answer the phone, his heart hammered. As if something had gone wrong, had Peter gone on patrol? No, the suit wasn't live, and it would have alerted him.Weighing the options Tony couldn't stop himself from parking the car and stepping inside the school. Luckily most the place had cleared out, and no one was insight.He heard an awfully familiar whine from the hall, retreating footsteps and a short kid with spiked up hair ran straight into him."Holy shit it's real, he really has an internship. I'm so sorry," the kid sputtered, then stopped. "Wait, why are you here?"More gasps sounded from the hall, and concern took over. Speeding past the greasy looking kid, finding his son on the floor holding his torso. Huffed breath's, and slight wheezing escaping his throat.Eyes watery with unshed tears, Tony dropped to his knees."Peter?""Sir I've detected several broken ribs, and bruised organs," FRIDAY beamed from his watch. Peter squirmed, he knew how uncomfortable broken ribs were."Sweetheart you have to inhale fully," Tony said carefully, FRIDAY already calling their own medics to the scene. If Peter didn't inhale fully his lungs could collapse, and he wasn't going to let that happen.Tony felt grateful his lungs hadn't been punctured, the bruised organs frightened him but as long as they weren't punctured he would be fine.The memory of the little greasy kid apologizing came to mind, he'd also brought up Peter's internship. A failsafe set in place to keep the real truth under wraps.Peter's most recent injuries came to mind, Happy had told him about them. Some of the bruises were in places he knew Peter could defend were, he'd feared something had been going on. This only proved it."That greasy looking kid do this?" Tony interrogated, and Peter nodded as he saw the familiar Avenger's medics burst in with a gurney."So last week when you had a bruised jaw?" Tony asked carefully, as they got him onto the gurney. Peter's eyes widened in response, he hadn't known Tony saw. Originally he hadn't, FRIDAY had shown him."Baby why didn't you tell me sooner?" He asked, soothing his finger's through his son's hair as he was wheeled into their own
ambulance."I'm sorry," Peter apologized wearily, groaning slightly as the gurney was lifted. Tony took Peter's small hand into his calloused one, pressing kisses to his forehead."What's his name baby?" He asked calmly, holding back rage.Peter looked up with soft eyes, shaking his head no."Peter it's either you tell me his name, or I go through every person in this school until I find him," Tony warned, and Peter gave in."Flash Thompson," His voice still weary, as the surgeon pressed on certain parts of his side to find the correct spots."Thank you Peter pan," he spoke softly, pressing more kisses to his son's hair, gripping his hand a bit tighter when Peter winced in pain."Go to sleep Bambi, your ribs will be better when you wake up," Tony instructed. Peter nodded, letting these people help in the safety of his father's promise.Tony stopped in front of his armor, "Well FRIDAY, Flash Thompson was it?"FRIDAY agreed, sending up the boy's home address for her boss. The AI remembering the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dad!Tony
Son!Peter
Bullying
Hurt Peter Parker
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Father-Son Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

