Chapter 1: Intro
    




Chapter Text

It was a rather dreary day in Brooklyn, but Spider-man still lounged on the roof of an office building. He never minded the weather, seeing how he would always be able to wash his suit, and criminals didn’t stop fucking up the lives of civilians depending if it was a sunny day or not. Spidey was always busy between school, his minimum-wage job at the Daily Bugle, occasionally helping out Mr. Stark and patrol, so downtime was a much sought-after period. At the moment, he was typing an essay on his phone on the recessive traits of field mice for his genetics course. He wasn’t slacking off on patrol- he had just finished his normal route and was ready to spring to action after hearing any cries of ‘Help me!’ or ‘I love you, Spider-man!’  Being the friendly neighborhood Spider-man was a lot more responsibility than one thought it would be, seeing how Spidey was caught patrolling the city for almost five hours each day, just to return home and try to get some work done, which was also quite the struggle due to his rather loud roommate.
 
After a good fifteen minutes of his attempting to write an essay, a loud shriek could be heard, about three blocks away. Stowing his phone into a hidden pocket, Spidey leapt from his spot and shot a web, swinging towards the sound of distress. After almost swinging into a fire escape, he perched on the roof overlooking the alley that the call had come from. In the alley wasn’t a crying woman being mugged or someone being held at gunpoint- instead Spidey saw a red and black clad man with his legs impossibly crumpled beneath him. He looked like he had fallen from the roof.
 
“Spidey! Care to help a buddy out?” came the call from below. Spider-man sighed and began climbing down the wall. The man in the alley wolf whistled and a shout of “Lemme see that spidey-ass!” could be heard. Spidey groaned in annoyance and instead of giving the man another glimpse of his spandex-clad ass, jumped the last ten feet to the ground. 

“What do you want , Deadpool?” came the tired response. Spidey had had his fair share of run-ins with the merc with a mouth, most of them ending with Deadpool trying to either touch his ass or get his number. To date, Deadpool hadn’t gotten his number, but he did touch Spider-man’s ass once. In return, he got thrown into a brick wall. He still claims that it was worth it.
 
“Just a hand getting back on my feet,” Deadpool said with a wink. 

How did he wink?

 Spidey wondered, 

He’s wearing a mask, that shouldn’t be possible

. 

“Deadpool, you have a healing factor. You’ll be fine in ten minutes,” Spidey started, clearing a spot on a nearby dumpster and then taking a seat.

“Yeah, but I’m hungry. Mind grabbing some tacos for a brother?” Deadpool asked, rubbing his belly enthusiastically. Spider-man rolled his eyes and picked himself up.

“You can go without eating for ten minutes, so deal with it.” Spidey really wasn’t in a mood for Deadpool’s shenanigans, but that social clue, like most others, went soaring of the merc’s head. He began to walk away. Deadpool didn’t complain about his sudden leaving and didn’t mention his booty, which didn’t seem like him. Spidey heard the 

click

 of a camera, and whipped around to see Deadpool taking photos of his ass and grinning. 

How the fuck does he grin through a 

mask

?

 Spidey thought as he ran towards Deadpool and smacked the phone out of his hand. Deadpool sighed. 

“Does that mean no Spidey-booty?” Deadpool asked, disappointment clear in is voice.

“No. No ‘Spidey-booty’ for you, Pool.” Spider-man reprimanded. He shot a web to the roof of a nearby building. “See you around!” He shouted, swinging away into the fast-moving city. Shooting webs had always cleared his mind. Whether it was the lack of worries, the lack of loud people with panda-eyes, or the lack of oxygen, he always managed to feel calmer. He decided that he should be heading home to finish his essay, so he began swinging his way back home to his messy apartment with a loud roommate. 
 
Spidey stopped in a nearby alley to pull on a pair of pants and a hoodie and remove his mask, so he looked pretty much like a civilian, minus the part of his suit that was visible between his shoes and the bottom of his pants. He shoved his mask into a backpack he had webbed into that alley, and then trotted home.
 
Shoving his key in the lock, Peter Parker opened the door to his disgraceful home. He heard no telltale banging of pans or screaming at mariokart on the TV screen, so he safely assumed that he was home alone. Stumbling through the haphazardly stacked empty pizza boxes on the floor and avoiding the occasional porn mag, Peter made his way to his room and slammed the door shut. He threw his backpack onto his bed and began changing out of his suit. Hoping that his roommate wouldn’t be home for the next thirty seconds, he made a mad naked dash for the bathroom across the living room and closed the door behind him. Five seconds 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Wade Wilson - Freeform
Peter Parker - Freeform
Marvel Universe
Roommates
Cliches Galore
Spiderman/Deadpool - Joe Kelly (Comics) Spoilers
Deadpool Thought Boxes
college age peter
Bisexual Peter Parker
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Deadpool being Deadpool
Spideypool - Freeform
trash
otp
Fluff
maybe a bit of angst
Peter is 21
Wade is 35
or something like that
my little trashcans
Super Soldier Serum

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

