Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
      Today was bright, beautiful, and complete shit already.“It’s gonna mess up my arm,” Bucky repeated.Next to him, his unfortunate client—Josh? Jim?—was still struggling to wake up properly. He seemed to think maybe the cops in his hotel room would disappear if he just managed to blink hard enough. Bucky would have felt sorry for him, but the guy had been kind of a jerk in bed, and he had other things to worry about anyway. In the presence of two men—both disheveled and scantily clad at that—the cop had hesitated for a good two minutes as to which was the prostitute and which was the john. “I gotta cuff you, it’s procedure,” he said again, walking around the bed to come and restrain Bucky.“You don’t get it.” Bucky got up. He’d been badly shaken out of sleep and his heart hadn’t calmed down yet. “I have exposed wires. If you cuff me they’ll connect, and it’ll short-circuit my arm.”“Afraid that’s not my problem.” The cop seized Bucky and made him face the wall, none too gently. Bucky went, trying to swallow a pang of fear. Unlike his client—Jared? Jace?—he wasn’t nude; experience had made him put his underwear back on before he drifted to sleep. He was glad he’d done it, but he still felt very much naked right now.“There’s no need to cuff me, I’ll come along,” Bucky repeated, trying to sound steady, reasonable. “C’mon, man, I don’t even have the money for a goddamn silicone shell, if you fry my arm—”“You have the right to remain silent,” began the cop, tightening the first bracelet around Bucky’s flesh-and-blood wrist.“Come on,” Buck repeated. His every instinct screamed at him to just deck the guy, but he couldn’t afford resisting arrest. Still, when he felt the cop’s grip on his metal wrist, it was too much—he violently jerked free, knowing right away that it was a mistake.“Hey!” The cop slammed him face-first into the wall. “Are we gonna have a goddamn problem here?”“You’re not listening to me,” Bucky yelled against the rough plaster, straining to stay still even as the urge to fight grew. “I told you I can’t—”“Everett? What’s going on?” said another voice.The cop holding Bucky gave him another shove, making him scrape his chin against the wall. “Just a grumpy hooker, I’m fine—”“I can’t be cuffed or it’ll short-circuit my arm!” Bucky yelled, twisting his neck to try and meet the new guy’s gaze. So much for dignity. “I tried to tell him but he won’t listen!”The newcomer sighed. “Ross, please bring Mr. Barnes’ client to the car. We’ll be down in a minute.”The hand on Bucky’s shoulder gave a last shove, then went away. He shook free of the metal cuff on his real wrist at once. When he turned around, Everett “Asshole” Ross was leading Bucky’s sheet-wrapped john away—wait, was his name actually John?—and the new cop was right there, getting out a pair of plastic handcuffs.His nametag said Rogers.“Will those do?” he asked. He had very blue eyes and looked genuinely concerned with Bucky’s answer.Bucky was so pathetically grateful he forgot to be angry for a second. “Yeah, that—yeah.”Rogers cuffed him in the front, which was kind of against procedure. Not that Bucky was planning on grabbing his gun or anything, but still. Maybe this guy was new. Bucky watched grimly as the bracelets tightened around his wrists. Terrific, just fucking great. Busted at work again. He hated being processed, he hated cops, and he hated this fucking self-righteous city.Rogers tightened the plastic straps, eyeing Bucky’s bare prosthetic. “Are silicone shells that expensive?”Bucky scoffed. “Hard pass on the small talk, thanks.”Rogers looked hurt, like he’d expected them to be perfectly good friends now.“What?” Bucky said. “This ain’t speed dating. You’re arresting me when I’ve done nothing wrong. I have the right to remain fucking pissed off.”Bucky wasn’t married to the job like other hookers he knew, and he would have gladly given up on it for a less annoying career option. But in his peculiar situation, there wasn’t much else he could do to earn a living, and since he could take care of himself it wasn’t so bad. Most of the time.“Well, you did break the law,” Rogers pointed out.“It’s my fucking ass, Boy Scout. I can sell it if I want to.”Rogers’ expression hardened. “Prostitution is a gateway to human trafficking rings—”“Prostitution is a gateway to human trafficking rings,” mimicked Bucky in a stupid voice. “Look, pal, if you really cared about us whores, you’d make sure we can practice safely. What you really want is for us to disappear.”“Hey, watch your tone,” Rogers said, incensed now. “Why don’t you show some respect for—”“Rogers!” came a voice from downstairs. “You guys making out up there? Bring him down, we haven’t got all day!”Rogers seemed to realize he was about to get in a slap fight with a prostitute and stopped mid-sentence. Bucky half-expected to be charged with insulting behavior, but Rogers just shut his mouth, collect
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Solarpunk AU
Alternate Universe - Future
Utopia
Dystopia
(yes both of those at once shhh)
Under-negotiated Kink
Virgin Steve Rogers
(not for long)
Sex Worker Bucky Barnes
Cop Steve
Intercrural Sex
Shower Sex
Rimming
Eugenism
and the morality thereof
Very Imaginary Genetic Illnesses
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
not quite in that order though
Touch-Starved
Human Experimentation
Disordered Eating
Cuddling & Snuggling
BAMF Bucky Barnes
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Anything Stark Industries Can Do T'Challa Can Do Better

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

