Work Text:


Protect what is needed.
 

New York, Stark Tower, Private Lab, Camera D Date 12-##-##16

Tony was looking at a small box that was resting on his desk. One that he hadn’t opened since he got it. The billionaire already knew who sent it just from the writing on the outside of the box. He has had it for months. Not wanting to deal with the past and too thankful all those who had hurt him were far, far away. 
Stupid was not the correct word to describe Tony Stark with. Absentminded, yes, but stupid? No. He knew where the where the Rogues fucked off to. He knew they were in Wakanda and using the King’s assets as they had once done with him. Where he didn’t want to see any harm come to them, so sue him, he didn’t want them around. He was happy they were far away and not anywhere around him.
Unfortunately, there was a chance they might be back, especially with the news of Thanos on the horizon so the entire Stark Team had been bunking down and doing what they could to keep them away. They repurposed the compound and had all the former Avengers belonging sent to SHIELD. If they wanted to go through everything they sent…well that was alright by them. Along with the notice that if they, the Ex-vengers, came back to the states somehow…they were not allowed near Tony. Otherwise, Pepper would make sure they never saw the light of day again.
Yet…here he was staring at what could only do him more damage…
“Finally opening the damn box?”
Looking up from where he was staring at the box he took in the sight of his older brother and son. Rhodey and Vision respectively. They had concerned looks on their faces as they took in the sight of Tony gazing over the box that may or may not add more salt to the wounds.
“Yeah…here for the grand unveiling?”
“Sure, let’s see what those assholes have sent,” Rhodes stated coming to rest near his little brother.
Opening the box Tony let out a half laugh, half scoff at what he saw in it. Inside the box was a phone and letter. Tentatively, the billionaire picked up the letter, slowly opening it. He read it over and there was no reaction on his face. Passing the note to Rhodey and Viz he turned his attention to the brick that Rogers apparently called a phone. The dinosaur piece of tech was programmed with only one number and Tony just tossed it on the table and ran his hands through his hair.
After Tony read the note he gave it to Rhodes and Vision…both who read it and Vision held it up to the camera for Friday to take a look at as well. She did her version of a scoff after she analyzed the wordage of the piece of paper. He was currently waiting on them to see how this was going to play out. If he kept these things it would mean he would be trying to hold onto the ones that left him for dead…physically and politically, thanks to Widow he had Ross on his ass and that was a headache in and of itself.
“Well, what are you going to do with them?” Rhodey finally asked handing the letter back and Tony put it on the table next to the phone.
“What do you think I should do, Honey Bear?” Tony questioned back placing the ball in his older brothers court. It was time to consult his family on what he was doing more than making his own decisions…because he would have let them back in and Tony only wanted them away.
“Being honest, I don’t want them around you anymore. They walked all over you, used your resources as if it were their own and the big one was leaving you to die in Siberia. Hell, what is this shit about the Avengers being your family more than his? Where are they? Did any of them help you when Rogers slammed his shield into your chest? I would have lost my baby brother if it wasn’t for my nephew. They left you there to die! As far as I am concerned they are not allowed near you anymore.”
“I have to concur with what Colonel Rhodes-,” Vision paused with a slight smile when he received an eye roll from the aforementioned male, then with a correction, the android mended his statement, “with what my Uncle has concluded.”
“Viz…”
“Father,” Vision countered, “You trust far too easily. I am still young but I learn very quickly when the right information is placed in front of me. They all had personality traits that took advantage of such a trusting individual and they did. That letter is not an apology, it was written to make the writer feel better, not you. I will not allow you to be so easily taken in again, I refuse to let that happen anymore. So please, take your time to consider your options.”
“Just remember, Boss,” FRIDAY began, “They left you to deal with their fallout. Their damages. They couldn’t take responsibility for anything if it would save their lives. They currently hiding out in Wakanda probably living off the King’s income similar to what they did to you. Remember everything that happened? How many times did you have to go represent the Avengers alone and when you got back they criticized how you handled it but not once did they offer to go with you? How many times did you go b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & FRIDAY

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Protective Rhodey
Protective Vision (Marvel)
Protective Stephen
Protective FRIDAY
Hurt Tony Stark
Anxiety
Not Beta Read
Sorry Not Sorry
Feels
Tony Feels
Family Fluff
Tony is loved

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & FRIDAY

