Work Text:
“Tony, please.”“No.”The blond man huffed and turned to face his husband, currently lying on their bed with a massive frown, pretending to be reading a book using the light from his chest to see.He yelped when it was snatched from his hands and thrown carelessly on the floor.“Hey! That’s a rare book!”“Listen to me.” the blond man hissed poking his arm. “Tomorrow is Valentine’s Day and you know how much Peter cares about this. About Wade.”“Don’t.” Tony interrupted him, rolling his eyes. “Don’t say that name, Steve, or I’m gonna have a rage fit. I swear, I can feel my blood boil and I’m sure a vein is throbbing right here, see?”“There’s no throbbing vein on your temple, but it’s going to be on mine if you don’t listen to me.” Steve looked really angry now and it wasn’t the kind of ‘angry’ that Tony considered sexy. That kind leaded to awesome sex or cuddles, this kind was only the premise for something scary and dangerous.So Tony gave up, not wanting to face Captain America’s rage, and sighed.“Okay, honey. I’m all ears.”“Good. They have been seeing each other for almost a year, Tony, a year, and you still don’t want to see that poor boy.”“First of all, he’s not poor.” the billionaire replied; he didn’t want to make Steve angrier, but his pride and tongue were too strong for him to stop them. His husband narrowed his eyes, but let him continue: “He isn’t as wealthy as us, but you can be damn sure he’s not poor, not with the job he has.”“He doesn’t do that anymore.”“And how do you know it?” Tony was the one whose voice was annoyed now. “Did Peter tell you? Hell, Steve, that boy would tell you his boyfriend has a puppy day care to reassure you about their relationship!”“No, Peter is intelligent. He… knows lying would be useless and rude, I trust him.” Steve’s expression softened. “So I believe him when he says that Wade isn’t a mercenary anymore. He helped us in some battles, don’t you remember?”“That doesn’t mean anything, but maybe you’re right. Let’s pretend he really isn’t a killer for hire anymore.” Tony grunted and changed position to better see the blond man. “We arrive to my second point. He is not a ‘boy’, as you called him.” His eyes rolled again and Steve fought the strong urge to smack him on that thick head of his. “He’s a man, Steve! A man! Older than Peter, with more experience than Peter in several things, less naïve than Peter.”“That’s also wrong. The experience and ‘less naïve’ thing, I mean.” and the soldier was smirking smugly now. “You would know if you spent at least one hour with him.”“C’mon, Steve!” Tony groaned and rubbed his face, already regretting this conversation. He glanced at the clock on the nightstand and complained again. He needed to be at a meeting in less than three hours…“This time I can swear I’m right, Tony!” the soldier insisted as his husband hid the face in the pillow not to hear him anymore. “He helped me in some missions, we met  and talked several times. He… he is a good man.” He laughed softly and the sound made Tony curious, because it was fond and amused. “Peter adores him. Okay, maybe he’s not what we imagined for him, but I have always trusted Wilson. He may be… particular. Odd. But he can be very good too.”“He can?” Tony raised an eyebrow. “Or he is? There is a difference, Steve.”“Why do you nitpick every little thing I say?” the other man hissed smacking his arm again. “He is! He is good and he had a hard life.” Steve looked sad now and Tony felt a bit guilty. “Like everyone else we know, Tony.”“We didn’t become mercenaries though.” the billionaire pouted, but he wasn’t serious this time and his eyes lingered on the picture on the wall behind Steve. It was a photo of a smiling Peter.“He really is that happy?” he mumbled and Steve nodded, cuddling next to him.“Yes.” he answered kissing the dark hair. “I’ve seen them alone. They are really in peace with each other. Wilson looks like another person when he’s with Peter. And Peter is bright with joy and excitement.” The soldier sighed and Tony shivered pleasantly as his breath caressed his face. “Give him a chance, Tony.”The other man groaned again, pretended to be thinking hard about it - or maybe he was really doing it - then gave up.“Fine!” he snarled and he looked like he had eaten a lemon. “He can come tomorrow if he want to.” Before Steve could hug him and thank him, he raised a finger: “But no frick frack! No cuddles where JARVIS can’t see them!” He looked up at the ceiling. “Okay, JARVIS?”“Of course, sir.” the AI responded with its usual calm tone.“And don’t let Peter fool you with some kind of promise or deal! I know he did that in the past.”“… It won’t happen again, sir.”“Thanks, Tony.” Steve said with a smile, embracing his husband in his strong arms. The other man hummed, still not sure, but willing to make Peter happy.“I won’t let him go near my lab though.”- - -“Wade, please.”“No.”The older man rolled on the bed, giving his back to Peter, and repeated before the other could speak again: “No
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Spideypool

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Spideypool Valentine
Valentine's Day
Humor
Hurt/Comfort
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Spideypool

