Work Text:
Here’s my contribution for Prompt 5 (17th-20th February 2014): Alternate Universe.  It's going up early again, because I have RL issues tomorrow! So enjoy...I’m using Comic!Tony’s height for this one, rather than RDJ’s.  

“And Many and Mighty They Are”

Disclaimer:  Avengers, Thor, Loki, etc belong to Marvel, Stan Lee, et co. I make
no money from this and own nothing, don’t sue.Summary:  Written for the 2014 Loki Month. Loki comes of age and Laufey throws a party to find him a mate. No one thinks he’ll attract one, being a runt but a Rime Giant comes from the North. Vicious and dangerous, his territory is protected by magical constructs of his own making; that walk and fight like soldiers but never eat, sleep or speak. He wants Loki. But Loki wants to play hard to get, because why should he hand himself over to the first Alpha to vie for his attention (even if he is the only Alpha to do so)?Warnings:  Loki Month. Slash. Frostiron. Omega!Loki. Alpha!Tony. Jötun Loki. Jötun Tony. AU. Knotting. Runt!Loki. First time. I couldn’t help myself, sorry. Teasing. Height difference. Mentions of Mpreg (but none in the fic). Intersex!Loki.Rating:  NC-17.A/N: This is a mash-up of another (art) prompt (Jötun!Tony meets Jötun!Prince Loki (filled by omgitsmudpie, go find it)) and the Loki Prompt (AU). The title is from Rudyard Kipling’s “The Law For The Wolves”. 
XXX
Words:  6,480Chapter 1
Omegas were always smaller than the average Frost Giant, so no one thought it too odd that Loki had not grown tall. At least, until he entered his first heat and his head still only came to the chests of his younger brothers. As a runt, Loki had less of a chance of attracting a mate than any other omega, but he was the crown Prince and he was a witch, both of which were coveted upon Jötunheimr. But still, he was a runt. The likelihood of him surviving a pregnancy was very low, unless he was lucky enough to find an Alpha who was also smaller than average (but those were few and far between and usually stayed up North where the weather was, oddly enough, warmer and wetter, and the wildlife was never in short supply). Labour had killed its share of omegas on Jötunheimr, most of them small, delicate looking Jötuns, not unlike Loki (with his thin wrists and his bird-boned arms and legs, his slim waist and sharp cheekbones), but at least they had been tall enough, large enough to successfully mate and conceive. The last runt omega Laufey had witnessed mated in heat had been little more than a bloody mess when the alpha was done with him, gasping and wheezing and bleeding from places he shouldn't. It had been merciful to kill him, Laufey had decided; far crueller to make him suffer while they failed to heal him. This was the fate that awaited his son. His Loki, his little Princeling. The eldest child of three, so clever, so beautiful, but so very small and there was nothing to be done about that. It would be better to keep him away from alphas altogether, to keep him alone and safe. So it went that Loki spent his first heat alone, locked in his room with his magic bound to keep him from escaping. His brothers (who were sure to be alphas but had not come of age) kept guard outside, scaring off any who attempted to sniff around the unbound omega's rooms. He spent his next heat alone too, and the one after that, and the one after that.Loki's first heat came just after he entered puberty, and until he came of age, Laufey managed to keep him away from any alpha that might possibly have shown interest. It was the equivalent to a life time for humans, but not that many years for a Jötun, who were near immortal after all, and Loki barely had time to notice that he was lonely. As a Prince of Jötunheimr, and moreover as the heir to the crown, when Loki came of age he was required to have a ball. Prospective mates were supposed to attend, alphas travelled to win the hand of their princesses or omega princes, and pretty she-Jötuns or omega males came whenever an alpha prince came of age. They usually timed the event so that no one would end up in heat, because it was hard to guarantee the safety of your guests when said guests were driven mad with the desire to rut like wild animals. Laufey didn't want to have a ball. But he was Laufey-King, and not introducing his son to society was the equivalent of declaring him unworthy of his name and his future crown. So Laufey invited the Rime Giants of the south and the Ice Giants of the north. The Stone Giants came from the west, and the east sent a convoy of Storm Giants, and each of them came to the centre of Jötunheimr, to where the Frost Giants lived. In the very middle of their world, lived the royal family, and each waited impatiently as their guests arrived, greeting the others and shaking hands, clasping shoulders and butting foreheads against those who were old friends. Loki stood quietly, completely hidden by the bulks of his two younger brothers. Helblindi was the middle son, quiet and studiou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Intersex!Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Loki Month
Omega Loki
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony
Alpha Tony Stark
Slash
AU
Jötunn Loki
Jotun Tony
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Teasing
Height difference
Knotting
First Time
Runt Loki
Mpreg
But none in the actual fic

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Intersex!Loki/Tony Stark

