Chapter 1





Chapter Text
So the Avengers were back together. Okay, that was a lie, The avengers were “together” technically. As in all in the same place. The Avengers compound. Stark had, amazingly, accepted all of “Rogue Avengers” back. This time, however, he had rules, well, one rule really. A note was written taped onto the door when Steve and company arrived: 
 “Dear Jackasses, 
 
 Tony Stark will be perfectly willing and content to pay for whatever the fuck you guys want to do, He will gladly pay for your food, housing, equipment, repairs, and anything else needed as long as you follow this one rule. I personally wouldn’t be so kind, but Tones a nice guy like that. And honestly, I’m glad as hell that he decided he wished to establish this rule, you ungrateful and or uneducated fucks that decided fighting a mentally unstable and exhausted man would be better than having an actual civil fucking conversation. And don’t give me that “but he attacked after he found out his parents were, you know, fucking murdered.” wow, he attacked after he found out his parents were murdered? What a villain.” 
  Okay,  so Tony didn’t seem to have written this note, and with Stark being referred to as “Tones” Steve knew it was Rhodes. And Rhodes seemed….Irate. It had been months, and Stark  had agreed  to house all of the Avengers again. Having rules didn’t seem like too bad of an idea. If it wasn’t a dictatorship. As long as it kept Stark in check as much as everyone else. Steve kept reading. 
 “Ready for the fucking rule? We’re not giving you a choice to agree to it since some people seem to have a hard time understanding they’re accountable for breaking the rules, not Tony for enforcing them because he’s just a guy trying to be on the right side of the fucking law.” 
 Steve closed his eyes for a second and sighed. It wouldn’t even be noticeable other than those who are enhanced near him. So Bucky and Wanda. Steve remembered when Stark had said “If we don’t agree to it now, It’ll be done to us later.”  Is this what he meant? Of course not. Tony was talking about the accords. He hadn’t even known then. Known  the truth . But it still flashed in Steve's mind while reading this. What is Stark going to make them do? The worst possibilities flashed through Steve's mind. Maybe being back at the compound, a place some of them called “Home.” once upon a time. Was actually just a glorified prison? Was actually Hell?Steve read the last few lines of the note:
 “Here’s your one and only rule. The rule that must be followed AT ALL TIMES. “No exceptions,” as Tony put it “Unless the literal world is about to blow up if you don’t break it, which would be a stupid solution. But there have been dumber baddies.” 
 Steve gasped at the last line. How were they expected to follow that? 
 “You are not permitted to talk to Tony Stark unless stated otherwise, ever.” 
 ………………………… This was actually an easier “rule” to follow than Steve thought. But it didn’t mean he wasn’t still upset. He didn’t even see Stark all that often. If he wanted, or needed, to communicate with Stark, he would make a mention to Rhodes or Vision (or send a written message via F.R.I.D.A.Y. But it could take Stark days or even weeks to check that inbox). It was noted very quickly that Vision was the less hostile of the two. Rhodes wouldn’t look at you, he would look through you. And his mouth would twitch in annoyance at the mention of Stark's name. He made it very clear he didn’t care about what they had to say. It was impressive for a man who couldn’t walk properly without his friends tech to be so intimidating to even a super soldier, but Rhodes managed to pull it off. Even if Rhodes was more difficult, Steve had always been told the messages were always successfully passed on, with a bit more profanity on Rhodes part, if what Vision said was true. When Steve and the others did see Tony Stark. He would never open his mouth. He even breathed only through his nose around them. Steve didn’t know why the little details like that bothered him so much, but it did. It just seemed so petty. Even with what happened, it had nearly been a year since that fight. Steve was half convinced that Stark was just doing it to do it, or to try to make Steve feel like an ass, which he already does himself. at this point. He tried to shake the thoughts of Ton-- Stark  out of his head and continued to finally start unpacking.
 But he couldn’t. 
Rather, he couldn’t stop thinking about how Stark looked at them when they were all unfortunatally together. Unlike Rhodes, who would look through them, Stark stared right into Steve's soul. With the same look, never opening his mouth, Steve hadn’t even seen a change in expression on Stark since they moved back in. His eyes were so damn calculating and so damn cold. And it chilled Steve to the core. Every time he makes eye contact with Stark, all he can imagine is what he was thinking, 
 You betrayed me. You were my friend. I trusted you. I trusted you w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

