Work Text:
The air in Asgard was always warm. Honey hadn't liked it much, when she and Maximoff (Pietro his name was Pietro) had first arrived. It reminded her too much of...before. But now she was grateful for it, if only because it stopped the shivers from wracking her body.Pain and Fear had been two of her greatest allies back in Britain, if only because they reminded her that she was still alive. The pain of her bond to Ste-Rogers breaking (red mist wrapping itself around part of her mind and pulling pulling pulling until she snapped) along with the rushed, unexpected birth of her son (it had been like she was about to tear herself in two...or bleed out, whichever came first) made her never want to put her trust in Pain ever again. Fear, however, would still be loyal to her and her needs.Because Honey Stark was afraid.Afraid for herself (who wouldn't want to use the woman linked to Captain America).Afraid for her father (who gave and gave and gave until he was a shell).
Afraid for Pietro (his sister would come for him and try to claim him back).

Afraid, most of all, for her son (his father was a war criminal, his grandfather a target and he was so so small).

As she sat in her rooms in Asgard's Royal Palace, she started to plan out what she had to do. For her son. For James. 

A soft cry came from beside her. Immediately she cooed and stroked a finger down her son's face, allowing her magic to trail after it and sooth his own. 

"Hush little baby don't say a word...mama's gonna give you the whole damn world."



 1. THADDEUS E. ROSS



 When she came back to Earth, Honey was greeted with a disaster. 

Ross was on the warpath. According to the resources FRIDAY could pull, he was pushing for a Registration Act for all Enhanced, Mutants and Heroes. His spiel stated that it was in accordance with the UN's wishes and would help protect the public, yet the Act would only cover the US and there were no actions being taken else where in the world to create similar Acts. 

Honey smelt a rat. And she hated rats.

But there was not much she could to about it at the time. Wards had to be put up on the Compound. James was still too young to be travelling to DC (and his health was constantly in flux) and she had to create a precedence for her actions in Accords matters. 

With that in mind, at the next meeting a month after her arrival, she signed the Accords. 

(Pietro did as well, but that would have to be examined later)

Two months later, Honey Stark walked down the Halls of Power in her red high heels and with a Sokovian shadow. 

Politcal glad-handing was the last thing you'd expect a snobby Californian girl to know. But Honey was the heir of Stark Industries and had learnt the game before she was ten years old. 

No one would see her coming. 

She met with senators across the spectrum of politics, made sure she was seen at all the right events and even attended one of the First Lady's events. Honey never stressed on the necessity of her (extensive) titles, preferring to be seen as a friendly face compared to Ross, with his grim nature and insistence of being called 'General'. 

And when she was sure that she'd swayed them all the way she wanted, she told FRIDAY to send out the files she collected all those months ago. 

The reaction is beautiful.

Fox News screams about 'traitors' and 'a lack of patriotism', the public riot and Thaddeus Ross is stripped of all rank and honour and is thrown into a dark pit. 

Pietro knows that she had a hand in this, but he seems to approve, if his dark laughter means anything. 



2. NATALIA A. ROMANOVNA


Honey was nearly asleep when she felt it - a wave of magic crashing over her. 

Someone has passed through the wards. Someone dangerous. 

Her first thoughts, as she grabs the Invisibility Cloak and the Elder Wand, go to the Rogues. But how they would have entered the States without being noticed she doesn't understand. 
Her next thought - as FRIDAY discreetly informs her that the intruder is heading towards the Infirmary - is that it's one of Ross' leftover lackeys. Who else would be idiotic enough to try to infiltrate a Stark-owned property.
So you could imagine her surprise when she saw the Black Widow standing by the hospital cot her son was sleeping in. The Widow's face was soft, almost filled with wonder at the small boy - which made Honey foolishly relax . 
But then Romanoff reached down to James - as if to pick him up - and Honey saw red.
"Stupefy!" The spell left her wand and made contact with the Widow before she could pick the baby up. 
Honey threw the Cloak off of her and ordered FRIDAY to send for an Accords team, saying that she'd caught the Black Widow. And her son had slept through it, she was proud to note as she walked around the crib. 
There was the question as to why she was there. Clearly Rogers had sent her, but what for. 
While she was protected by the laws of the Wizarding World in cases of torturing for information...but it wouldn't look good for the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pietro Maximoff/Harry Potter
Past Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Female Harry Potter
Veela Harry Potter
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
honey throws the rule book out of the window
and lights it on fire
the marauders would be proud
possible unfeminist warfare though...
who knew

fandom: 
Pietro Maximoff/Harry Potter
Past Harry Potter/Steve Rogers

