Work Text:
Tony leans back. His smile is his publicity one, Steve knows, and is but a cover for his insecurity. The other man hasn’t been a bad leader for the New Avengers during the Invasion, but he’s most at home in his lab, inventing and creating new technologies that awe the world, and not in command of a team in the field.Tony will be much happier once he can go back to the things he loves, Steve thinks. He might never admit it, but deep down, he’ll be grateful.The Accords Panel is meeting in a hotel in downtown New York. The environment is unnecessarily upscale in Steve’s opinion. He gets why they refused Tony’s invitation to meet in either the Compound or the Tower – something about keeping their impartiality and maintaining clear and visible boundaries, also in the eyes of the world.Frankly, Steve prefers full gatherings of the Panel to smaller meetings with just their Accords Liaison present. Their liaison, a prematurely balding, soft-spoken man by the name of Cosmin-Silviu Mihai, seems to have inexplicable reservations regarding Steve’s side of the Avengers, and while they hardly show, Steve knows when he’s put at a disadvantage. Sooner or later, he’ll manage to win him over, but until then, he’s aware he has to tread lightly.Mihai clears his throat and continues: “The proposal regarding a re-structuring of the Avengers Team I’ve received has been signed by—“Bucky, Sam, Clint, Natasha, Wanda, Scott, and T’Challa, Steve continues silently in his head. More than half of the team wants me back in command. That should prove to be enough, even if Tony and Rhodes object.“—All permanent members of the New Avengers,” Mihai finishes.Steve is torn out of his thoughts and opens his mouth to demand an explanation.Their liaision doesn’t seem to have realized that Steve might want to speak and talks over him instead. “I also have received another request on a related note that Mr. Rogers might want to clarify later on in person. But first, please let us focus on the motion introduced by Dr. Stark. Dr. Stark?”Tony gets up and pulls his suit jacket into place. His left arm is still in a sling from his confrontation with Thanos. Steve doesn’t want to be petty, even in his own head, but he’s sure the brunet could have ditched the sling – as he is wont to do with any and all medical devices that he considers unreasonably restricting, no matter who yells at him for it – , but uncharacteristically, decided to keep it in order to evoke sympathy from the Panel.Steve is disappointed. Three years ago, Tony would have never resorted to such cheap tricks.“Dr. Mihai, esteemed members of the Panel, my team has asked me to put to a vote the foundation of a new, separate team of US-based superheroes at a second location.”Steve wasn’t aware that Rhodes and his blonde girlfriend – no, it’s fiancée now – wanted to move out of the Compound, although of course it makes sense. Didn’t Rhodes use to be posted somewhere on the West Coast once he’d returned from his tours to the Middle East?“Considering the size of the American continent as well as the response time should something happen in, say, Los Angeles, establishing a new team at the other side of the country seems like a good idea.” Tony grimaces. “Also, our fight against Thanos’ forces has proven that the parallel running of two teams under two separate commanders on the same mission is often counter-productive if not outright dangerous.”True, Steve thinks. More than once, Vision and Wanda got into each other’s way in the final battle, and having two people with pretty much the same technological suit allowing them to shrink and grow at will – Ant Man and the Wasp – doesn’t benefit anyone. The van Dyne girl doesn’t act like she wants to return to her job at her father’s company, however.Thankfully, Tony’s got deep enough roots in New York that Steve isn’t likely to lose him to Rhodes’ team. He and Pepper got back together, and there might even have been a proposal there at one point or another – Steve isn’t entirely sure.“There is also another point to consider,” Tony continues somberly. “Not a single member of my team is comfortable with the idea of serving under Mr. Rogers. If I understand it correctly, that is the second proposal received by Dr. M—“Steve just barely keeps from leaping to his feet. “Tony, that is way out of line,” he exclaims, drowning out the rest of Tony’s sentence. Several Panel members, looking indignant, start talking all at once.A shrill whistle restores an embarrassed feeling of quiet to the room.Former Commander Ross, now the US representative on the Accords Panel, leans back and nods respectfully at Mihai.The European takes his time and looks at the faces of all the people gathered, one after the other. They all shrink a little in their seats and look attentive. Even Steve isn’t immune. There’ll be time to have his voice heard later, he’s sure. He’ll insist, if necessary. It might be wiser to first listen to Tony’s arguments to he can refute them late
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
actions have consequences
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Unreliable Narrator
Not A Fix-It
Team Not As Family
Not Steve Friendly
Tony Stark is Done with This Shit

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

