Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Dear Mister Sergeant Barnes,

 

My name is Peter Stark and I am six years old.


At school, my teacher told us that we could write to soldiers. She said that some of the soldiers liked to have letters because not a lot of people wrote to them. I said I wanted to try and she gave me your name!


My dad said that it would be a good exercise for my writing and that it would make you happy. Are you really happy I'm writing?


I asked Daddy what I could tell you, and he said I should tell you about my life, so I am going to try to do that.


I am in the second grade class in my school in New York. Most of the others in my class are bigger and older than me, but I have lots of friends, so it is not a problem for me. I like math and science lessons, but my favorite one is drawing lesson! I love to draw like my dad, and I'd like to be an artist like him. My dad draws on people's skin, and sometimes he paints on me, but it is not the same thing, because I'm too little and have to wait a few years before he can really draw on me.


I love to read, and animal stories are my favorites. I like jokes too! 


Do you know what we call a fish without eyes? A fsh!


We only have one dog at home, but it is the best dog in the world. Her name's Cocoa, I was the one who chose it! I love her very much.


When I am not at school, I like to draw with my daddy, or play with Cocoa, she loves it when I throw a ball. I also like to read, especially science and space books. Space is so cool! Do you see lots of stars where you are?


I hope that you answer my letter and tell me about your life too. Do you like animals? Do you have pets? Do you like books? Do you know lots of jokes?


I wish you a nice day, Mister Sergeant Barnes,


Peter

 

P.S. My dad read the letter and corrected the mistakes. Sometimes I don't know how to write some words!

 
***
 
Far away from New York, deep in a desert in Afghanistan, Bucky smiled while reading the letter. He had actually forgotten that he had signed up to get letters, and had been more than a little surprised when Steve had handed him a letter, eyebrows raised.
Peter's letter, though, was a very, very good surprise. He had felt kinda alone and sad in his bunk, reading to try and forget where he was, but the kids' words had put a huge smile on his face – and his joke had made him burst out laughing, even if he'd refuse to admit it to anyone else.
 
''Uh oh,'' Steve exclaimed, stopping in his tracks when he saw his face. ''I don't like this grin. What exactly are you planning?''
''God, Stevie, so much trust, it's nice to hear. Any other compliments in store for me, or is that it for tonight?''
''Come on, Buck, you know I love you. And you also know that I've known you for so long I can't miss when an idea crosses your mind. Out with it.''
''Actually, you're wrong. No evil plan in my mind. It's the letter though – remember that program I signed up for, to get a letter from a kid? Well, there's one who wrote me. His name's Peter, and he sounds like the cutest kid ever. There, read it.''
 
Bucky watched as Steve read it too and smiled when he burst out laughing at Peter's joke – apparently, he wasn't the only one who liked stupid kids' jokes. Steve was grinning too when he gave him the letter back.
 
''Seems like a great kid. You're gonna write back, right? It looks like he's waiting for some answers.''
''Of course I'm gonna answer, who do you think I am? D'you have a pen for me? Mine died and I forgot to steal another one.''
 
***
 

Dear Peter,

 

I was really happy to get your letter! It is sometimes hard to be a soldier, and it made me smile all day thinking about what you wrote.


You know, as I am still pretty young, you can call me Bucky – my full name's James Buchanan, but all my friends call me Bucky.


You seem to have a really nice life!


Do you think you could send me a picture of your dog? I love animals in general, but dogs are my favorites. I had a dog when I was your age, a black Labrador who also loved when I threw him a ball. He could run after it for hours without getting tired!


I said that I loved animals in general, but that's not totally true, I hate snakes… and, unfortunately for me, there are a lot of snakes around here. Are you afraid of any animals? Or maybe anything else? 


You said that you liked to draw and your dad's an artist. Am I right in thinking that he's a tattoo artist? It's funny if he is, because I love tattoos! Would you like to get some of them when you're older?


I have to say, I loved your joke, and my friend Steve did too. He told me to write one of his favorite jokes, I hope you don't know it already. Here it is:


Do you know what fish only swims at night? A starfish!


I'm not sure if it is a very good joke, but Steve made me promise to write it, so here it is.


I do love books, and I miss having a good library around. I still read, though, books people send us in here. My favorite book when I was your age was Peter Pa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Tattoos
Tattoos
Dad!Tony
Kid Fic
Tatto Artist Tony Stark
Kid Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Tattoo Parlor
Soldier Steve
PTSD
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Peter Stark - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Mutual Masturbation
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

