Work Text:
1 Multitasking while drunk 
Stephen Strange is not present for the first time it happens. Well, not physically anyway. Not astrally either, and this is long, long before Tony is even aware that’s a possibility. 
He isn’t precisely mentioned either, Tony smoothing a cobbled together technical drawing out in a careful kitty-corner of the Cave cameras’ blind spots, relying on Yinsen’s own not-inconsiderable genius to make the connections without words truly being necessary. 
And it works. It fucking works. All of it, from the silent communication to the offered leaps in logic to the suggestions he doesn’t voice. There are so many, many things Tony misses about Yinsen in the years that follow, but the seamless way they work together, the way they build off each other in a symbiosis of science and thought that Tony hasn’t experienced ever, hasn’t even dreamed about since long before Howard’s death, but connection will be one of the things that burns the hottest, and the longest. 
Tony will someday spend the morning after he meets Bruce Banner completely doped on alcohol and anti-depressants, and it isn’t all because of the whole Aliens and Black Holes in Space thing either. 
So yes, words would have gotten them both killed so much sooner, but they weren’t truly necessary either. And there, right there, is another one of Tony’s bitterest and longest regrets. Because no words means he never gets to ask how much of the leaps Yinsen truly followed him through. How much of the wonder in his eyes as he drank in that sketch was truly a shared memory, and how much is that Tony overlaying his hopes and wishes in the intervening years over a cherished memory of his own. 
He can relive that moment over and over in his dreams, in his memories, with BARF and without, but he will never learn the answer to that question. 
Tony will never be able to ask Dr. Ho Yinsen if he was remembering the same thing Tony was, a stuttering, hesitant teenager in a slightly too-big tux, spouting on and on about things so theoretical, Tony being able to springboard off them right into the Arc Reactor technology in a cave isn’t even the most remarkable half of this informal, impromptu act of shared genius. 
It is a decade before he will know the significance of the potential connection though, so when Yinsen smooths the sketch out again, double checks so things, pushes his glasses up thoughtfully, and looks back at Tony, his, “This is very good Stark. Very accurate, even the more medically relevant aspects,” only prompts a cracked smile and a private joke from Tony, “Well, it was designed by a Doctor, Doc.” 
For all Tony will ever know, Yinsen thought Tony was poking fun at the fact that he finally found someone who seemed to actually be aware of the fact he had five PHDs in a fucking cave of all places. 
For all Tony will ever know, Ho Yinsen didn’t even remember hearing the first paper ever given on experimental organ structure replacements, by a novice but brilliant surgeon, out of place amongst a bunch of Tech junkies in a conference in Bern. 
But then, Tony will never forget that Yinsen remembered him, eight years and a lot of terrorists later, after a drunken brush off in a ballroom and a very badly delivered paper on Tony no longer recalls what, but it definitely wasn’t medically relevant in the slightest, at that very same conference. Tony will never forget that. And so, on the days when his regret is the bitterest, when the mistakes of his past seem to weigh down on him like literal iron, and the memories are once again thick enough for him to forget he’s not still drowning, Tony lets himself believe that Yinsen knew exactly what inspired Tony that day. 
He lets himself believe that Yinsen made the same connection he did, long before Howard Stark swanned in from beyond the grave to take the credit for the damn Arc Reactor, and remembered just enough of an exquisitely drawn diagram displayed on an old slide projector in a badly lit ballroom in Bern to spark the idea that a power source such as the Arc could be worn. That is could save a life. 
And sometimes, when the sun comes out and the bitterness washes away just a little, Tony lets himself believe that Yinsen remembered that talk was given by a very young neurosurgeon, by the name of Stephen Strange. 
2 Is that a Cape?
There is something flapping in Tony’s field of vision. Something red and heavy, moving in a hurtling stream towards the other end of the bus Tony is attempting to hold above his head. 
Which normally wouldn’t be a problem, except for the one small problem of his left gauntlet being completely missing in action, the arm beneath it a mangled mess of blood and burned skin. 
And the other small problem of the apartment building listing on top of the bus. Tony really hated the bad guys who liked to throw buildings around. 
They are barely a month out from the Accords, close enough to the aftermath of Siberia that Tony’s rebuilt sternum is a fragile, tender thing u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Pre-Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Cloak of Levitation
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Hurt Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Sokovia Accords
Arc Reactor Issues
Stephen Strange is a very good doctor
Protective Stephen Strange
Strange and Friday are bros
POV Tony Stark
Tony misses jarvis
Ho Yinsen was bamf
A technical conference in Bern
Cloak Feels
Hurt/Comfort
Recovery
5+1 Things
Gen or Pre-Slash
This is really as much about Yinsen as it is about Tony and Strange

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Pre-Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Cloak of Levitation
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Ho Yinsen
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

