Chapter 1: The Interview
    




Chapter Text

Fuck the MTA. 
The thought had become a mantra, repeated over and over again as Bucky sprinted down the street towards Stark Tower, home of StarkTech, also known as the place where he had a job interview in exactly five minutes. He’d left his apartment at 9:12 exactly, and it most definitely wasn’t his fault that the train had been stopped on the tracks for fifteen minutes. Or that it was approximately five billion degrees in the city and he was sweating through the polyester of his cheap suit. Granted, Natasha had told him to leave half an hour earlier than he’d actually gotten out the door, but what did she know? It wasn’t like she commuted to the city every day for work, except for the fact that she totally did.Flustered, he pushed through the revolving doors into the gleaming lobby. The place felt like money, with marble and chrome and dark wood all over the place. It wasn’t all that busy of a lobby, though Bucky imagined it would be a little crazier right before the work day started. At 9:57, though, (shit shit shit) it wasn’t too bad. There were a few employees around, some on the phone or walking back into the building laden down with coffee orders. Bucky was very much hoping to become one of those laden coffee carriers, as his interview was for an administrative assistant position in the Public Relations division. So he squared his shoulders, adjusted the messenger bag hanging from his shoulder and walked towards the security desk, where several bored looking guards were alternately surveying the scene or playing on their phones.“Help you, Sir?” one asked, glancing up from the screen he was monitoring to look Bucky over.“Uh yes, I’m Bu...James Barnes. I have an interview with Maria Hill in the PR department at ten?”The guard pointedly glanced at his watch, which Bucky thought was kind of a dick move, before he took his sweet time in examining his list. He clicked a few things, before pointing to his right, where there was a camera pointed out towards the lobby. “Step into the square on the floor, Mr. Barnes, and smile for the camera. We’ll get you a temporary ID and you can go on up.”“Can I...could I get that later and just go up now?” he asked hopefully. The guard didn’t deign to respond, simply pointed to the camera. Bucky sighed, before stepping into the square.At precisely 10:02 he was in possession of a cheap plastic ID printed with a grainy photo of himself looking like a disheveled monster. He was also nowhere near the actual floor he needed to be on, and the clock was ticking.The ID did work on the barricade the first time, though, and he sprinted through to the elevator bank, where a door was just beginning to close. “Hold it, please!” he yelped, and by some miracle the blond guy already in the car reached an arm out to open the door back up.“Thanks, so much,” Bucky said, breathless, as he stepped into the car. “Sorry.”“Not a problem,” replied the man, “what floor?”Bucky knew this part. He’d memorized the floor and office number before leaving the apartment, just in case, and he glanced over at the guy. The very cute guy, he now realized. Well, man, actually, since he was probably at least thirty-five, dressed impeccably in a dark navy suit, sporting a neatly trimmed beard and, wow, a great smile. But Bucky wasn’t there to flirt with cute, older guys. He was there to get a job, damn it.“Uh…” he stammered, realizing he’d hesitated just a second too long. “Thirty-four. Public Relations.”The man paused, reaching out his arm to catch the doors one more time, which confused the shit out of Bucky. “This elevator services floors forty and above,” he explained, gently, as though Bucky were a confused intern. Which, Bucky realized, was probably exactly what he looked like. “Tall building, gotta split ‘em up.”“Shit,” Bucky managed, feeling the color drain from his face. “Shit, I’m sorry. I’m really late. Sorry, thank you. Sorry for holding you up.” He darted out of the car without a glance back, and only then did he see the signs showing that the left bank of elevators serviced floors forty through eighty-five, while the right bank serviced floors two through forty.Glancing at his watch told him it was now a full five minutes after ten, and he wondered if he ought to just give up and stay a barista forever. Sure, the shitty coffee shop near his shitty apartment in the shitty part of Brooklyn was, well, shitty, but he didn’t humiliate himself on a daily basis. Plus, the commute was a lot fucking easier.It was 10:08 by the time Bucky pushed open the frosted glass doors stenciled neatly with “StarkTech - Public Relations” and approached the reception desk. A young woman was perched on the chair, typing something as Bucky approached. “Hi,” she greeted, glancing up at him with a smile. “Can I help you?”“I’m uh, James Barnes. I’m really sorry I’m late, I have an interview with Maria Hill at ten and the train was delayed and the guard couldn’t get the printer t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Corporate Espionage
Porn With Plot
Dom/sub Undertones
Bucky Barnes is oblivious
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Has Issues
Protective Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes-centric
Daddy Kink
Sugar Daddy
Older Man/Younger Man
Awesome Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Slow Burn
But then it catches fire
Spanking
Face-Fucking
Cock Warming
Sick Bucky Barnes
Hand Feeding
Drawing
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Rimming
Dacryphilia
Crying
Feelings
Blindfolds
Subspace
Angst with a Happy Ending
Light BDSM
Kink Negotiation
Praise Kink

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

