Chapter 1





Chapter Text


Pain, pain, pain. That was the only thing running through Peter’s mind right now. How could he think about anything else? 

 

That Spanish test was long forgotten. Ned would forgive him for not finishing his half of the English project. And May surely would understand why there was a sink full of dishes. 

 

All of that seemed so insignificant when he was hanging from the ceiling by a hook shoved through his shoulder. 

 

The man in front of him was cackling as he pulled the chain and Peter’s feet left the ground. He was evil. Peter had fought some bad people but this man gave pure evil a face. He had no mercy or sympathy. He had no qualms about making a 15-year-old kid scream. 

 

The man had a name. He had introduced himself to Peter, but from the pain and sleep deprivation he could barely remember his 

own 

name. His name had something to do with tools...Nail? Wrench? Hammer? That one sounded familiar, but who names their kid after a hammer?

 

He was being lowered again to the ground. Once his feet touched solid ground, he let out a deep gasp of relief. He had a brief moment when there wasn't pressure pulling at the hole in his shoulder. The only thing stopping him from bleeding out was the big rusty metal hook that made the hole in the first place.

 

And it was painful. Beyond painful. Peter wasn't even sure how long he was here. Hours, if not days. And the pain never stopped. But there 

was

 a way to make it stop. A really simple way. 

 

The evil man was reminding him again. He grabbed the hook and pulled it forward making Peter scream hoarsely. He leaned forward and whispered in his ear, “This all ends, Parker. Just tell me what you know about Tony Stark.” 

 

Peter grinned, showing off his blood stained teeth. No matter how scrambled his brain was from the pain and how he wasn't really fully coherent anymore, this answer always rang clear and strong in his mind, “Never.” 




And the pain was back and worse than before. But even through his screaming, Peter didn't regret his answer. And he never would.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Torture
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Sleep Deprivation
Psychological Torture
Seriously kiddos: if mental or physical torture makes you uncomfortable this is not the fic for you
Medical Torture
Past Child Abuse
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Recovery
Suicidal Thoughts
Therapy
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

