Chapter 1: The Morning After
    


Summary:

Peter wakes up to a little surprise from last night's party.





Chapter Text
Peter didn’t remember much, but his body remembered all right.“May?” His voice came out as a pitiful croak. Squeezing his eyes shut against the danger of a spinning room, he rolled onto his back, trying not to upset his stomach further.Two seconds later, he was spilling his guts on the floor, chest heaving frantically as his hazed mind tried to process what was happening, and why. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so sick. It was definitively before he’d gotten bit by that spider.“Damn.” He wiped his mouth clean with the back of a trembling hand. It felt cold against his face, most likely because he was burning up with a fever. He knew he should get up and take care of the unwelcome decoration on his floor, but his body jerked in protest, so he curled up on his side instead and waited for the nausea to pass. And to say he’d planned on a lazy morning sleeping off the terrific party Mr. Stark had thrown to welcome him to the team… There would be no sleeping in for him today. Not with his back and legs aching, and those impressive bruises on his arms and neck (was that a lovebite?), and most importantly, the distinct sensation that his body was shifting in sizes every few seconds. He felt as if his skin was trying to melt back behind his muscles, and his bones were in the process of turning into jelly.Plus, he had school. He could call in sick (which he was), but he had a kickass immune system. He rubbed at his eyes with the heel of one hand. This was no big deal, he tried to reassure himself. The nausea would go away. Those awful sensations would fade. They had to.God, what had he drunk to black out like that, and how much? He remembered bits and pieces, like Dr. Banner directing him to the non alcoholic section of the bar (which hadn’t worked out so well apparently), and Barton’s jokes and taunts. He remembered the secret smile on Widow's face as he’d taken a shot of something later in the evening, and a hand on his shoulder (Banner’s, perhaps?) as the room dissolved into a surreal painting.He also remembered Mr. Stark. Of course he remembered him. After years of fantasizing about the man, first as a scientist, and later as a wet-dream he wouldn’t mind doing a few things with (and being done a few other things by), Peter was at last working with him. For him. Whatever. He now met with the man on a regular basis, and he liked to think they were friends.With a strange sense of leaving his own body (his skin was still trying to go into places it had no right to be), he palmed his cock through his briefs and swore at how sensitive he was from that simple a touch. His hole, too, felt well used. Peter shivered for at least twenty reasons as a warm, heady laugh filled his mind. For a fleeting instant, he could swear that a thick cock was still sheathed in his ass, and that a voice praised him, telling him what a good boy he was, but the rest of the words eluded him, and too soon the memory was over, and refused to play back no matter how hard he tried to remember.Another question to add to the list of problematic mysteries: who had he let fuck him last night? Even at the young age of eighteen, Peter had fooled around a little, and if he hadn’t gone through every base with a guy, he still knew how to finger himself open and put on a condom.Apparently, last night was when he'd officially lost his virginity. Peter cursed against the back of one hand, even more nauseous than before. He would be damned if he couldn’t remember his first time, but hell, the only thing which had deigned stick to his memory was the heat of a rough, thorough love-making. It wasn’t rape, of that he was sure. He couldn’t say how, but he knew. Too bad there was no face to go with the bruises coloring his skin, and no name to go with a thank-you text.There was a knock to the door.“Peter?” May sounded worried. “Are you ok?”She must be concerned that he’d turned into a party animal last night and was now suffering the after effects of 'experimentation'. Peter cleared his throat, and barely swallowed down the bile surging up his throat.“I’m all right,” he croaked. “'ust need sleep.”He had exactly one hour left before he needed to leave for school. *Ned and Michelle were waiting for him at his locker. Well, Ned was waiting, arms crossed as he scanned the hall; Michelle was reading something on her cellphone on the floor close by, seemingly unaware of the chaos of other senior students running and shouting at each other in the vicinity. Peter rubbed at his temples, trying to convince himself that, no, his hangover wasn’t bad enough for him to stay home, and knowing it wasn’t the main reason by far that he’d decided to go to school. After all, he never expected to wake up after his first night of penetrative sex without the vivid memory of it. At least, the unexpected strong symptoms of his hangover had receded some.“S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Morning After
Temporary Amnesia
Secret Crush
Accidental Pregnancy
Mpreg
pregnant!Peter
Peter Needs a Hug
Fluff and Humor
Friendship/Love
Sweet Tony Stark
Epic cluelessness
Jealous Tony
Kissing
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Rimming
Pregnancy Kink
Possessive Stephen Strange
caring Tony
Drunk Sex
Peter is eighteen
Age Difference
superhero related injuries
Friday Is A Good Friend
Sharing a Bed
Accidental Revelations
Michelle is a good friend
Pregnant silences
Idiots in Love
Masturbating
Callitus Interruptus
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Childbirth
Starker Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

