Work Text:
Some days were just harder than others.It was to be expected after all, a tower full of heroes with pasts that varied from something in the forties to that of a professional killer and everything in between.So everyone had bad days. Natasha went from borderline scary to full on terrifying. Clints pranks went from mostly harmless to almost deadly as he worked out whatever was on his mind. Steve’s bad days were more manageable, usually holing himself up in his room to draw. Bruce of course... he had a Hulk proof room at the bottom of the Tower where he could go if he started feeling...green.Honestly, out of everyone, TONY was the one to have the worst bad days. He would lock himself in the lab for days at a time, refuse to eat and basically self destruct until JARVIS got tired of it and called for one of the Avengers (usually Steve) to bodily remove Tony from the lab and force him to face the real world.So yeah, some days were just hard, and the team dealt with them accordingly. Besides, its not like any one of them was going to hurt any of the other ones.Or at least, that had never been a concern until Bucky moved in.It was fine, usually. Sure Bucky was a little cranky, and if Sam Wilson got too close they fought like siblings, and Natasha and Bucky this weird animosity thing going on... but it was fine usually.And for whatever reason, Tony had taken a special interest in Bucky, bringing him down to the lab to work on his arm for hours at a time. They bonded in the near silence of the lab, Tony only asking questions that had to be asked, Bucky answering as best he could. If anyone noticed that Tony seemed to smile more when Bucky was around, or that Bucky seemed to always be around if Tony was around... well no one said anything.It was fine...usually.Until Bucky had a bad day. Because Bucky’s bad days triggered his Winter Soldier, and that was never a good thing.The first time Bucky was triggered, really triggered, no one really knew what had happened.Maybe it was Natashas gilb comment about her last mission, maybe it was Clint shooting finger guns at Cap after a snarky quip, maybe Sam finally crossed the line with his teasing. No one knew, but it happened regardless.To the team's credit, the moment they realized what was happening, they jumped into defensive mode-- definitely not OFFENSIVE, because no one was going to win that fight. They created a perimeter to keep the Soldier in the common area, JARVIS locked down the building as well as he could, and things were tense as Steve tried to talk to the Soldier, hands up peacefully as he stared into pale blue eyes that did not recognize him anymore.The Soldier had his gun drawn, his left arm up and out defensively, eyes darting around wildly trying to map escape routes and possible hostiles and then------then the elevator door opened and Tony walked right into the fray, rubbing at his eyes because god  damn it he was tired after a two day marathon in the lab.“Tony!” Natasha hissed to catch his attention and divert him, but nothing much could divert sleepy Tony from a warm blanket and soft couch, so he just kept right on going.“Move.” Tony mumbled and shoved at a shocked Steve, who acted without thinking and grabbed Tonys arm to stop him.Steve was flying backwards and smacking into the wall before he could even blink, and all he and the rest of the team could do was stare at a furious Winter Soldier, who was standing protectively in front of Tony, damn near snarling, his weapon pointed firmly at Steve, who he seemed to think posed the biggest threat.Tony froze instantly, his eyes wide, but not saying anything, and he barely managed to hide his shock when the Soldier turned right around and picked him up, cradling him close to his chest for the few steps it took to get to the couch.    He held Tony easily in his left arm, reaching for a blanket with his right and wrapped it around Tony several times before setting him down, a pillow beneath his head.Then the Soldier sat on the floor with his head leaned back against the Tony-burrito, his gun resting on his thigh, eyes closing enough to look relax, but not enough to fool anyone into thinking that he actually  was relaxed.“I think we should all just...back away.” Clint said quietly and held up a hand to silence Steve when he started to protest. “No really. If the Soldier was going to hurt Tony he would have done it right away instead of swaddling him and giving him a pillow. We need to back away. Slow and easy.”One by one, some slower than others, the team started backing down, hands up so the Soldier wouldn't get trigger happy.Once the room was empty, Tony very calmly asked JARVIS to lock the doors and play some calming music while he slept.And then he just… slept. Completely safe (if not completely confused) with the Soldier’s head resting against his knees.**************************************Tony didn't say anything to Bucky about it as they sat in the lab together the next night. It had taken most 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
tumblr prompt fill
winteriron
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Secret Crush
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Bucky Barnes
Cute
Fluffy
Fluff and Feels
Safe Places
Fluff and Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

