Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The hardest thing about being at Avengers Tower (Stark Tower?) was that, on the surface, nothing had changed. Steve's bedroom still looked exactly the same as it had eight months ago. The pair of jeans he'd been wearing that fateful day had still been in a heap on the floor when he first walked back in. It was everything else that was difference, and the room that had once seemed so comforting now frequently felt stifling. Steve made it a point to spend as little time in his bedroom as possible, instead preferring to join the rest of the team on the communal floor.Well. Most of the team.None of them minded that Tony was avoiding them, least of all Steve. They could work together just fine out on the field without having to talk to each other anywhere else, after all. And frankly, Steve was hardly eager to give Tony any opportunity to shove the accords back into his face. The only way for the Avengers to come back together was if they gave in and signed an amended version of the accords. It burned. God, it burned. It went against every ounce of Steve's beliefs, and signing his name to the bottom of that paper had felt a little like signing his soul away. It also felt like he was letting Tony win, and he genuinely wasn't sure which was worse.But there was a silver lining, and that was that Steve had been able to bring Bucky home with him. For Bucky, Steve could swallow just about anything, including his pride. Especially since he knew that Tony was not comfortable with having Bucky around, which may have been part of the reason he was so set on avoiding the team. It was an asshole move, probably even a little cruel, to delight in using his best friend as a weapon to be rubbed in someone else's face for a change, but Steve had never claimed to not be a spiteful man. He'd take wins where he could get them.Even something as simple as walking into the kitchen and seeing Bucky sitting at the kitchen table, staring at a banana with a deeply betrayed look, could make Steve's whole day turn around. Probably because there was a time not so long ago when Steve hadn't even dared to think that this could be a reality, and it was happening. He walked over to the coffee pot, pausing just long enough to clap Bucky on the shoulder, before he grabbed his mug down out of the cupboard. The mugs had been moved up to the top again, he noted with amusement. That would be Clint, deliberately putting them where Tony had trouble reaching."Want some coffee, Buck?" he said out loud, pouring himself a cup. The coffee in the tower was a hell of a lot better than the coffee anywhere else, Steve had to admit. Tony liked it brewed strong. "Do I like coffee?" Bucky asked, looking up with wide eyes. It was an expression that broke Steve's heart. They'd had this conversation over a hundred times now, but there were days when Bucky's memory was comparable to a sieve and he had difficulty recalling the simplest of things. "Yeah, you do. Here, I'll get it for you." Steve grabbed another mug, poured it three-quarters full of coffee, and added a generous pour of cream. He liked doing things like this for Bucky. After all of the shit that Bucky had been through, nothing Steve could do would ever be enough. Sometimes he tried to comfort himself with the thought that at least Bucky was away from Hydra, and that at least Steve was trying. It was cold comfort.He offered the mug with cream to Bucky, who accepted it and took a careful sip. Bucky broke out into a grin. "That is good!""Sometimes it's the only thing that keeps me going," Steve agreed, sitting down in a chair. Caffeine didn't have the same effect on him - the serum metabolized it too quickly - but he liked the taste. At the end of the day, sometimes a good cup of coffee was all he had to look forward to."You mean I'm not enough to keep you going?" Bucky asked, smile turning sly.Steve rolled his eyes. "Not nearly enough," he lied. Bucky was the reason he got out of bed in the morning. Bucky needed someone to fight for him, and Steve was never giving up on him again."I'll remember that next time Clint puts dye in your shampoo," Bucky said. He stood up, cradling his mug. "Thanks, Stevie. I think I'm supposed to... uh, I'm supposed to be. Somewhere. I think." He frowned for a moment, staring straight ahead, then said doubtfully, "Is Natasha around the tower today? Did she ask me to spar with her today?""It's Tuesday. You guys always spar on Tuesday," Steve said gently, heart aching. "She's probably waiting for you in the gym. Do you need me to walk you down there?""Nah, I got it. Thanks." Bucky headed out of the room. Steve watched him go, worried. At least in the tower he could be fairly sure that nothing bad would happen to Bucky, though he wasn't comfortable with the idea of Tony and Bucky meeting up alone. Who knew what kind of shit Tony might try to pull if he got Bucky by himself? And Bucky might not even know enough to defend himself if it was a bad day, and clea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not A Fix-It
not team Cap friendly
not bucky barnes friendly
Evil Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
bucky barnes who likes being the winter soldier
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
tony stark is not paranoid
you're not paranoid if they're out to get you
steve rogers is oblivious
tony stark gets kidnapped
bucky kidnaps tony
and not in the fun sexy way
Attempted Murder
but steve gets there in time
Platonic Hugging
taking steps towards some kind of reconciliation
steve realizes that he's seeing tony through a bad lens
steve rogers learns to listen
the winter soldier is not the bucky that steve remember
Miscommunication
no one in the MCU talks to each other
no one in the MCU knows HOW to talk to each other
Kidnapping
Broken Promises
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

