Work Text:
 
When Peter first meets Captain America, the sky is a dull gray, rain falling in sheets outside of the slightly foggy window.
It was a Saturday afternoon, the newly expanded Avengers Compound looming above both him and Tony as they pull into their usual parking spot, the tires crushing the rocks underfoot as water pours down. Leaning closer, the teen rests his head against the cool glass as he tries to fight down his anxiety, taking the extra few seconds to grab his backpack from the floor. His breathe makes the window cloud up, the rapid expanding of his chest signifying his nervousness. A hand on his shoulder startles him, and he jumps, turning around to face his dad as he begins to unbuckle.
"Are you sure you want to come in, Darling?" Tony asks, dark eyes narrowing in concern as he takes in his child's trembling body and jerky movements. "I mean, I can always run in by myself and grab the blueprints. . . "
The 15 year old shakes his head, his soulful brown eyes widening in alarm at the thought of his father leaving him here alone. Which is stupid, Peter thinks bitterly, it's not like I have never stayed in the car by myself. But still, the teen reaches over with shaking hands, gripping the Billionaire's dark dress shirt as his spider senses begin to tingle. His daddy frowns at the display, reaching over and pressing a kiss to his temple to try and soothe his son's raging nerves. Peter doesn't say anything, just leans into the touch with a small sigh.
The black glass separating Happy to both Starks is suddenly pulled up, the man's scowling face coming into view as he turns around.
"Are you guys going to get out anytime soon?" He asks, reaching over to unlock his own door when Tony glares at him.
"Give us a second, Hap. I am just making sure we have our umbrella. It took me 20 minutes to do my hair this morning and I don't think I can rock the wet cat look."
As he speaks, the Billionaire leans down and grabs a purple umbrella from under his seat, handing it through to his Driver when the man makes a grabbing motion. Rolling his eyes, Happy shuts off the car, opening up his door, the large umbrella held out in front of him. It opens when a snap, Peter wincing at the sound as his senses spike, gripping his dad's shirt tighter as the pounding of the rain becomes louder. Tony watches the action with growing concern, running his hand through his little boy's hair as Happy opens their own door, the misty air filling up the car and causing drops of due to form on the leather seats.
"Are you sure you are okay, honey?" Tony asks quietly right before he exits, the sole of his dress shoe squishing in a puddle as he leans out.
Peter gives a jerky nod, finally releasing his hold on the man's shirt as he steps fully out. "I-I'm fine, Dad."
The genius frowns, reaching out a hand to help Peter out of the car when he slips on the wet metal, his backpack settled on one shoulder, dipping with the weight of books. The gray light from the sky is sharp when it hits the 15 year old's eyes and he squints, trying to resist the urge to bury his face in the man's chest for comfort. The reflection of the purple clothe resting above them creates an almost surreal look to the Avengers Compound as they walk closer, Tony keeping an arm around his baby's shoulders to keep out the rain the umbrella doesn't catch, choosing to ignore the water dripping down his own back.
The automatic doors open in a whoosh as they step up the curb, the air conditioned breeze being created by the motion shooting though Peter's red sweatshirt and causing him to shiver. Tony just tightens his hold on him, pulling him close as they step into the building. The tapping of the rain on the glass surrounding them is normally a soothing sound, much like his father's heartbeat when he has a nightmare, but right now it is too much.
Crushing down the urge to put his hands over his ears, the teenage shifts from foot to foot as Tony stops by the reception desk, the young woman that sits behind the counter not even blinking in surprise when he sets the wet umbrella in the rack. Happy, after signing himself in, gently takes Peter by the arm, leading him over to the waiting area a few feet away while they wait for Tony to finish. A sudden spike in Peter's spider senses has him flinching, taking an unsteady step back as they reach the small room.
Steve Rogers, his blond hair slicked back and blue eyes intense, sits on a comfy chair a few feet away from the pair. His long legs are folded out in front of him, a pair of sweatpants and a green shirt highlighting the muscles that expand his chest. He stands when they enter, smoothing invisible wrinkles in his shirt as he steps closer. Peter tenses, moving so that he is slightly behind Happy, his honorary Uncle placing a calming hand on his shoulder as he searches the Captain over, his dark gaze weary.
"What are you doing here, Rogers?" He asks, shifting his body in front of his nephew's when the man stops in front of t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Happy Hogan

freeform: 
Prompt Fill
dad tony
son peter
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Worried Tony Stark
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Steve Rogers is an ass
Doctor Bruce Banner - Freeform
BAMF Tony Stark
trigger warning for guns
trigger warning for blood
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
I suck at tagging
Oops
Precious Peter Parker
Out of Character
Oneshot
Complete
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Is Out Of Charater
Don't Like Don't Read
Trigger warning for anxiety
Peter Stark - Freeform
Mama Bear Tony Stark
STEVE IS OUT OF CHARACTER
TONY IS OUT OF CHARACTER
PETER IS OUT OF CHARACTER

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Happy Hogan

