Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
Bucky Barnes was having a rough couple of days.Rough was a good way to describe it, Bucky thought as he walked down the sidewalk, free hand buried deep in the pocket of his leather jacket.Most embarrassing week of his life was another way, he figured.He should've known it wasn't going to get better after that date he'd had on Thursday.Most embarrassing date of his life, he practically grumbled to himself. The guy had seemed nice enough, maybe they would've even gone out a second time.Except that was never going happen, Bucky mentally pointed out, because he was never going to face what's-his-face ever again.In fact, he was just going to pretend what's-his-face never existed. He was going to pretend that that date had never happened.It would be a lot easier to pretend if his cheeks weren't flaming red at the thought of it."Jamie?" His mother's voice snapped in his ear, only made slightly tinny by the mediocre connection, "Are you listening to me?""Yeah, Ma," he groaned, knowing this could go on for a while, "I'm still listening.""All I'm saying is," and Bucky knew exactly what she was going to say because Freddi Barnes managed to work it into every single conversation they’ve had recently, "why can't you just find a nice Beta and settle down?""Ma -" he started because the tired question was one he'd had before.His folks loved him, he knew this, and his mom's nagging ultimately came from a good place, but he couldn't have this argument again.His parents, both Betas, didn't understand it. Didn't seem to understand why Bucky didn't want to settle down. Maybe it was a cliché, but Bucky liked to think he was just waiting for the right guy.The fact that the back of his mind reminded him that the right guy had to be an Alpha was neither here nor there.Of course, it was 2017, and Bucky wasn't ignorant. He was progressive enough to know that your designation didn't have to mean anything in relation to your partner.Hell, his bestie was an Alpha and she had had a long term relationship with another Alpha for years before they broke up.Bucky didn't believe your d-sig had to tie you to a certain person (unless, y'know, literal mating, but whatever), which is probably why Freddi had been bugging him to settle down with 'a nice Beta' for years.That being said, his parents didn't get it. He figured they may have if their d-sigs had been anything else.Biology existed for a reason, and it was hard to ignore. Granted, this was so not a conversation he'd be willing to ever have with his folks, but, shit, the needy Omega stereotype came from somewhere. Bucky was a self-sufficient guy, he could take care of his life (and his dick) on his own, but seeing a nice big Alpha? Well, consider that his number one turn on.It's not like he didn't find certain Beta guys attractive - of course he did, Omegas too, and he sure as hell slept with plenty of them - but he had yet to find anything other than an Alpha that made his blood run red hot.Not that sexual chemistry was everything, but it was one of Bucky's favorite things.Betas just didn't know what it was like to have your entire body begging to be filled with a nice, hard -"Jamie," Freddi cut him off, which was probably for the best considering where his mind had been heading, "I just worry about you being alone.""Ma-""We love you, but you're no spring chicken these days." And there it was.The spinster talk had increased tenfold since he turned 30 a month ago. Apparently, his mom suddenly realized that he was old news, and was desperately trying to set him up with anyone she could get her hands on.His 25-year-old little sister loved it. Well, joke was on her in five years. He could only imagine what it'd be like for Becca - at least Bucky didn't have to deal with his mom pestering him for grandkids. Score one for Team Gay."I just don't want you to be lonely, Sweetpea."Bucky's face had finally returned to a normal color after he'd stopped thinking about that disaster of a date, but that embarrassing nickname had his cheeks reddening again."Mom," he huffed, finally getting close to his destination."I know what you're going to say, James Buchanan," and, oof, there was the first and middle name combo, "but I want you to know that I love you." "Yeah, yeah, I know," he smiled at that because as overbearing as both his parents tended to be, they were still the best. "I love you too, Ma.""One more thing," Freddi added, which was no surprise because his mom was the chattiest woman he knew, "how was your doctor's appointment yesterday morning?"Bucky scowled to himself as his cheeks started to heat up again, because he was also pretending the second most embarrassing moment of his life hadn't happened either. Go in for your annual physical they said, it’s good for you they said.Bunch of lying assholes."It was fine," He responded a little tersely, trying to brush it off because that was not something he needed to think about."Your arm?" His mom inquired with as f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
A/B/O
Awkwardness
Awkward Dates
Blind Date
Bad Flirting
Romance
Humor
Attempt at Humor
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Anal Play
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Sex Toys
Explicit Consent
Enthusiastic Consent
Alternate Universe
Fake A/B/O Science
Gay Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

