Work Text:
The kick came before Steve could block it. One minute he was standing and the next, he was pinned underneath a beefy, impressively muscular body.“Oof!” Steve groaned, for a moment closing his eyes. His chest was heaving, after a heavy session and the sweat on his back was making his top stick to the matt in the private room he’d booked with his instructor. His instructor who happened to be holding his hands above his head.His instructor who he didn’t actually pay anymore. His instructor who gave him free sessions which almost always resulted in a steamy make out session with desperate hands on fevered skin.His instructor who’s sinfully red lips were seconds away from his own. His instructor who made him see stars at night when their bodies were joined, when he felt as though he couldn’t feel any higher. When the man above him claimed him as his own and whispered endearments into his skin.His instructor who made him feel safe and loved and wanted when all he had known for years was fear, anger and anxiety.“Baby?”Steve opened his eyes and stared up at the man now holding him, rather than pressing him down into the matt. The man had icy blue eyes, tanned skin and dark brown hair that was currently pulled up into a bun. The man who had woken up to and fallen asleep with for a year and a half.“Sorry, Buck. Got distracted,” Steve said, hiding his face in the man’s neck. “Worried about the meet up today. All those people.”“Sweetheart, they’re comin’ to see you, they love you. Your fans,” Bucky replied, kissing Steve’s temple, “and I’ll be there, right next to you.”Bucky was also Steve’s bodyguard.When Steve started university, he noticed that there was a man staying in his accommodation that was a little too friendly. His name was Ward and he had taken a dark, obsessive liking to Steve. He would wait for Steve to leave and follow him to class, saying he wanted to make sure Steve was safe. He would leave presents for Steve, things he needed, even though he’d never told the man what he wanted. Soon, Steve started to realise that the man had been in his room, had touched his things, taken things that weren’t his own.Steve started asking his best friends, Sam and Natasha, to stay over with him because he was frightened of being alone in a room that a stranger had been in. No matter how many times he tried to report the incidents no further action was taken.In the end, Steve set up a camera in his room. He hoped to catch Ward in the act. But when he came home, Steve found the camera trashed and a note left in blood on his bedroom floor. “You’ll regret this,” Ward had written. Steve was terrified but he had gotten the evidence he needed. He took the trashed camera, took pictures of the bloody message and took it all to the Campus police, who then worked with the neighbourhood crime watch and removed Ward from Steve’s floor.He was given community service and had a restraining order placed on him. But no jail time because he hadn’t physically harmed Steve, even though he had done awful things. Steve still felt apprehensive and frightened to leave his apartment alone, so he moved from the Campus building and into his friends shared accommodation in his second year at university; living with Sam, Natasha and Tony was better, safer.And for a while, things seemed better. Until the threatening messages began pouring in. He found boxes with dead birds outside his apartment. He found notes written, waiting for him in his pigeon hole. Rather than go to the authorities again, as they had proved useless the last time, Steve took up self-defence, which is where he met James Buchanan Barnes, an ex-soldier, three years older than him.Steve remembered how nervous he had been meeting Bucky. Bucky who was large and built. Who had sky light eyes and a reassuring smile. Who had tattoos all up his left arm and scars on his chest. Who towered over Steve, even though Steve himself wasn’t exactly short or skinny. He was lean and just shy of Bucky’s chin, having to look up at the man.But the moment they started training, Steve started to feel a little safer. It took a long time for Steve to trust Bucky, but knowing how to defend himself made him feel empowered. They shared their first kiss on Steve’s twenty-first birthday, a year after their initial meeting, a year that had been full of stumbling moments, tears and laughter, a year that had seen Steve grow from strength to strength, at his graduation with the fourth of July fireworks shooting off into the dark sky.That was when they started dating. For a steady year, they did all the couple things and got to know each other more than just friends, than just student and instructor. Things were good. Until the messages that had died down for a while, started again. This time, Bucky contacted his old CO and they tracked down Ward who was still actively stalking Steve. They managed to put him away for three years, even though they all wanted the sentence to be far longer.Now, a year and a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Artist Steve Rogers
Bodyguard Bucky Barnes
ex-military Bucky Barnes
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Ward Is a Stalker
Asshole Grant Ward
Awesome Howling Commandos
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt Steve Rogers
Anxiety Attacks
Asthmatic Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Bodyguard Romance
Alternate Universe - Bodyguard
True Love
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
Daddy Kink
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Breathplay
Forced Orgasm
Multiple Orgasms
Anal Sex
Safe Sane and Consensual
Making Love
Emotional Sex
Needy Steve
Adorable Steve Rogers
Steve Calls Bucky Daddy
Beefy Bucky Barnes
Subspace
Aftercare
Gentle Sex
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
Endearments
Pet Names
Morning Sex
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

