Chapter 1: Baby Zapper
    




Chapter Text
To be fair, when Tony first designed the prototype for the perhaps unfortunately named Baby Zapper, he ran himself through an exhaustive list of potential repercussions before putting it in the hands of any teammates. Being in the company of a smart mouthed teenage vigilante with enhanced senses and no regard for authority was, admittedly, not one of them. That aside, the whole idea of the Baby Zapper was a little — well, off-brand. Tony isn’t exactly a person in any position to justify breaking a party. Which is why he hasn’t put aforementioned Baby Zapper on any kind of commercial market, nor would he ever plan to — first off, it would be literal chaos, and probably super constitutionally unsound, and either parents would be up in arms about its existence or liberally abusing it and quite frankly Tony already has enough strangers yelling at him on a daily basis to deal with that. See, the whole concept of the Baby Zapper (really, who lets him name shit so liberally?) is that once it’s activated, it emits a high-pitched, nearly inaudible shriek of a noise that compels anyone under the age of 18 to leave the area immediately. It’s not actually harmful to the punks, just irritating — and seeing as the under 18 set are the exact demographic of People Who Tend To Linger Around Dangerous Situations Despite Their Imminent And Impending Dooms (thanks for that, Chatsnap or whatever the hell it was kids were taking “Look at me, I’m in the middle of a disaster!” selfies for), it’s necessary as all hell. Particularly today when, yet again, there is what appears to be a gang with super enhanced weapons tearing up midtown and literally every minor equipped with a cell phone has decided that now’s as good a time as any to test their mortality by getting super, duper close to it. Tony activates the intercom on his suit. “There are a few more on 32nd,” Rhodey reports, “taking care of it now.” “See any more airborne?” asks Tony. “Nah, just us. The hell with all these kids, man?” says Rhodey. “I swear to god they’re multiplying. I can’t get any clean shots.” “School just let out,” says Tony. He blinks, wondering why he knows that, and then —   “Hey Mr. Stark! Incoming!” Ah. There it is. He sees webbing cut through his line of vision before he actually sees the kid flying in behind them, just as he knew he would. “Listen, Webs — ” “How can I help?” By leaving this to the goddamn professionals, Tony almost snaps, but last he checked he’s not exactly getting paid for this, either. Besides, there’s no point in telling the kid to leave — the best Tony can do is give him a task that will keep him out of the thick of things until the coast is relatively clear. “Get your teenage brethren the hell out of here. Web up their phones if you have to. Can’t have ‘em in the line of fire.” “On it,” says Peter, descending down to the street. “I’ll help,” says Rhodey, without elaborating. Tony watches out of the corner of his eye as the kid starts corralling his peers, then starts focusing on the armed goons that need neutralizing yesterday. He manages to fry at least one piece of tech before he’s interrupted by a graceless teenage squawk over the comm system. “You okay, kid?” “Um — yes, yeah, ah, but — shit, where’s that noise coming from?” “What noise?” “The one that sounds like the screaming of a hundred thousand unholy — ” “Tony, on your right!” Tony doesn’t need the warning, he’s already got the guy on lock. One blast is all it takes for his tech to be reduced to smithereens; it’s a wonder to Tony that criminals even try this kind of shit at all. Are people really this desperate for attention? Tony has daddy issues the size of Texas, but even he’s managed not to debase himself as thoroughly as this. “Wow, that shit works like a charm. The punks are out,” says Rhodey, as the kids start to file out of the two block radius where the action is happening. “Nice work, Underoos.” “What?” “I’m kind of a one and done on the praise thing, kid, so — “ “What?” Peter asks over the comm, louder this time. “Need a hand? … Or a wing?” Tony’s shoulders tense before the man even comes into his viewfinder — the Falcon himself, swooping in out of seemingly nowhere. Tony knew that he and Steve and the others had been released a few weeks ago and hasn’t exactly kept up with their whereabouts, but he wasn’t expecting anyone to show up mid-battle like Germany was just some weird collective lucid dream, either.  “Not really,” says Tony. There is a brief moment the considers softening the words, but the image of Rhodey plummeting from the sky is a little too fresh in his mind. “What are you doing here?” “Light tourism,” says Sam. “Could use an extra set of eyes over here, man,” Rhodey says to Sam over the comm. “Wait, what?” says Tony, as another few men bust seemingly out of nowhere to keep up the fight. “Are you two just good now, or — ” “Yeah, Tones, we talked a while back.” “You’re making it difficult for me to nurs
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
More Avengers to come but I'm trying not to spam the tags I s'pose
I'm sorry I really thought I was done with these
my ancestors are weeping
my crops are not thriving my skin is not clear why do i keep doing thisssssssss
Hurt Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

