Chapter 1





Chapter Text
You really shouldn’t be surprised. You know what time of year it is, and you know your cycles by heart. It’s just part of being in a pack. You can’t help it. Steve goes into heat first, then a month or so later you do, like clockwork. Bucky’s rut took a little longer to pin down, but you managed to figure out that it happens twice a year, once in early November and again in early April. You’ve been a pack for four ruts and 27 heats combined, so you’re aware of how it goes.
So, when you walk into your shared apartment after work, you should have been expecting the wall of pheromones that hits you like a brick wall. You have to stop for a moment, bracing yourself on the small table in the dining room. You feel a wave of slick wash through your panties and fight the urge to moan out loud. You look across the dark living room towards the bedroom, where you see a faint light. You’re setting your bag down when you hear it: a coarse moan followed by a whimper.
Suddenly, you can’t get to the bedroom fast enough. You thank a higher power for telling you to wear a dress today as you yank it over your head, dropping it over the back of the couch. You kick off your flats as you break into a full run, using the door jamb as leverage when you reach the master bedroom. The sight that greets you makes you want to cry.
Bucky’s curled in a ball in the middle of the bed, covers kicked all the way to the foot. He’s completely naked, one hand clenching the sheets, the other wrapped around the knot that’s formed at the base of his cock. He groans when he meets your eyes and you see his head lift just a fraction as he inhales. You know he can smell you and that makes you clench, more slick soaking your panties.
You slide the offending piece of material off as you approach the bed, one hand reaching out to grasp Bucky’s calf.
“I’m here, Alpha,” you pant, pushing gently so he rolls on his back. He follows your movements, the hand in the sheets pulling away so that he can grasp your hip as you throw a leg over his, straddling his waist. He whimpers again when you reach down and wrap your hand around his, guiding him into you.
“I’m, ah, I’m right here, baby,” you pant again. Bucky keens when you sink down on his length, bouncing a little as you try to take his knot. You can feel his fingers digging into your hips, pushing up as you sink down. There’s a satisfying gush of slick as you finally take it, both of you crying out as you fall forward into his chest.
Bucky starts thrusting erratically, chasing an orgasm that he’s been on the cusp of for who knows how long. All you can do is hold on, your mouth latching around the scent gland on his neck. He comes when you bite down, howling out your name. His fingers bite into your hips, holding you to him as he fills you.
You’re both coming down from your high when you pick up another scent on top of his, one that’s sweeter and much less pronounced to your Omega nose, but you recognize it immediately. You turn your head, cheek catching on Bucky’s chest as you look over into the doorway.
“He went into rut early? I thought it wasn’t supposed to be until next week,” Steve asks, pulling his clothes off. You shrug lightly, hissing when Steve’s hand goes to where you and Bucky are connected. He doesn’t use much pressure, just sort of cups you both as he leans over you. Bucky whimpers into Steve’s mouth and you can feel him softening inside you.
Steve’s mouth is on yours the second you turn your head, tongue fluttering across yours as he manages to slip a finger into you. Bucky moans from beneath you at the friction to his knot, rocking his hips gently. You can feel him getting hard again and pull away from Steve.
“You want it?” you ask, tugging on his bottom lip with your teeth. Steve ponders for a moment before shaking his head.
“No, I want to watch Alpha knot you again,” Steve whispers against your lips, pressing a kiss against them. You can tell Bucky heard Steve by the way he groans. He pushes you up, sitting so that you’re straddling his lap, cock still buried deep inside you. His knot has gone down, but you know if you want to change positions you have to do it now. You turn to your Alpha, pressing a long kiss to his plush lips.
“I’m gonna get off of you for a second, Buck,” you say against his mouth. He whines but lets you rise to your knees. His cock falls from your body and you moan when you feel his come mixed with your slick dripping out of you.
“Lay down on your back,” you instruct to Steve. He furrows his brows but does as you say. Usually he watches from a little bit of a distance, but not today. Today you want him to really see Bucky knot you. You feel a sharp pull in your belly as you turn, positioning your knees over his head. You drop onto your forearms, face close enough to Steve’s cock that you reach out with your tongue, swirling it around the tip.
“Fuck,” Steve shouts, hands going to your biceps. You giggle as you look up, making eye contact with Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
Knotting
Face-Sitting
Cunnilingus
Multiple Orgasms
Blow Jobs
Impregnation
Daddy Kink
Forced Orgasm
Marking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

