Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Peter woke up not from another nightmare but from someone carding their fingers through his hair. He should have been panicked. This much he knew. But he wasn't. The motion was soft and comforting. Not harsh. The hand wasn't grabbing his hair and pulling. It was caressing him in a gentle manner. 
 
He opened his eyes up slowly and saw May looking down at him with tear filled eyes. When she noticed he was awake, she tried to hide the fact she'd been crying.
 
Wiping her eyes and clearing her throat, sh
e said, “Good morning, sweetie.”
 
Peter looked over to his window and saw it was indeed morning. He blinked at the light and turned back to May. “How long was I sleeping?”
 
“Just a few hours. It's only 10.” She continued to comb her fingers through his hair. “Ned stopped by this morning to see how you were doing. I told him you weren't going to school today.”
 
“I'm never going to school again.” Peter couldn't even imagine all of the humiliation he'd suffer from if he went back.
 
“Yes, you are, Peter. You just need are few days to rest,” her voice was strong but soothing at the same time. 
 
Peter was about to argue with her but then he remembered something more important. His eyes went wide as he asked, “Where's Mr. Stark?”
 
May paused and looked uncomfortable as she answered, “Mr. Stark left last night, Peter.”
 
Peter tried sitting up but May held him down lightly. “When is he coming back? Later today?”
 
“No, I don't think so.” She looked down at the carpet. 
 
Peter blinked. Why would Tony leave him after promising to stay? Maybe he thought Peter and May needed some time together?
 
“I called in sick so it's just you and me today,” she smiled weakly, obvious trying to change the subject. 
 
“What? Aunt May, you don't need to take off from work. I’ll be okay,” Peter insisted, feeling bad that May was wasting her emergency off days on him. 
 
She held his hand softly. “I don't want to leave you alone right now.”
 
“Mr. Stark can sit with me--.” 
 
“Peter, the internship is over,” May snapped but then took a calming breath. “It's too much right now. You need to focus on getting better.”
 
“So...so Mr. Stark isn't coming back?” Peter asked, his voice breaking. 
 
May immediately leaned over to pull him into a hug but Peter flinched backwards. He was still trying to wrap his head around the fact that Tony had left him. Not that he was surprised. He was Tony Stark. He didn't have time to deal with a kid having anxiety attacks and nightmares. He had better things to do. Peter wasn't worth it. 
 
May was saying something but Peter couldn't hear the words. He interrupted her and whispered, “I want to be alone.”
 
“But, Peter--.”
 
“

Please.

”
 
May sighed but stood up and walked towards the door. She hesitated in the doorway and turned back to say, “Call me if you need anything, Peter.”
 
Peter nodded once and she left, closing the door behind her. Peter laid in bed staring up at his ceiling and it was starting to sink in. Tony wasn't coming back. He'd have to deal with this alone. 
 
Pete turned onto his side and cried.


Ned took a deep breath before walking into school. He didn't blame Peter for taking the day off but Ned still had to come in. 
 
He knew it was probably best Peter didn't come in right away so Ned could see what was going on and how everyone was reacting. 
 
He knew people were staring. He was Peter Parker’s best friend. Of course people were going to stare. But he ignored them as he got his books ready for class. 
 
Just as he slammed his locker door shut, someone came up to him. His voice was low but Ned could hear him clearly because of the silent hallway. 
 
“Hey, Leeds, I'm sorry for what happened to Peter. I know we barely talked but I hope he feels better…” Rodney, a kid from their Chem class, said. 
 
Ned smiled at him. “Thanks. I’ll be sure to tell him.”
 
It only took one person and by the end of the day, over 50 kids had come up to him to offer their condolences. Ned was surprised to see kids that spent the past years making fun of Peter were now taking his side. 
 
Sure there were a few kids still laughing about it, but they were outnumbered. Even after an announcement was played during homeroom about a certain video that cause any student to be expelled if they were caught with it. 
 
The video wasn't being watched in the hallway anymore but kids were still talking about it. Either about how they pitied Peter or how they thought he was asking for it. Peter would hate either one so Ned was glad he took an off day. 
 
He was walking outside of school and saw a few kids chanting and holding signs. Ned recognized MJ in the front yelling for justice. He walked over to her and read her sign. 

Put him away! 

 
Ned smiled. “Already protesting?” 
 
MJ nodded once and handed him a clipboard. “Sign this.”
 
Ned looked down at the paper that had already collected 33 signatures. “What's it for?” 
 
“We want Tyler expelled and arrested. He had the video and did
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker/OMC

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape Recovery
Past Rape/Non-con
Rape Aftermath
Depression
Nightmares
Flashbacks
Muteness
Self-Harm
Sexual Abuse
Kidnapping
Captivity

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter Parker/OMC

