Work Text:
“Come on Penis Parker, use those big muscles of yours.” Flash’s mocking voice was getting more annoying with every second, especially because Peter was actually very strong thank you very much, but he purposely wore shirts that hung off him, so no one would be able to see. It was hard, knowing he could stop Flash but having to hold himself back, but he knew that he needed to stay the scrawny, lame kid, in order to keep being Spider-Man, which he accepted but still hated. He took a deep breath to calm himself, and made his arms shake a little as he pretended to struggle to hold himself up on the climbing frame. Stupid gym. Stupid Flash. He would lose his mind if he knew what Peter got up to with the Avengers. The thought made Peter smile a little as he heaved himself up to the next rung. He could make it to the top, from the ground, in one jump, but that would definitely make Flash shit himself. Peter held in a laugh at the image, and kept climbing. But Flash didn’t like being ignored, and his voice came again, sneering, and unrelenting. “So, what do you do at this ‘Stark Internship’ anyway? Do you clean his suit, or get him coffee? Oh, I know, you sit alone in your room and cry because it’s not even real.”Peter couldn’t take it anymore, he snapped at the kid from where he sat on one of the bars next to Peter. “Yes, it is!”Flash glared at him, voice raising as he got angrier. “No, it’s not! You’ve never met Tony Stark, he doesn’t even know you exist! Stop lying, just admit it’s fake!”Peter should have seen the foot coming. But he’d closed his eyes to try and block out Flash’s annoying smirk, so, when his foot collided with Peter’s face, his head snapped back and his fingers slipped. He let go of the bars and fell. Shouts echoed through the gym, as he fell the considerable distance, and the room seemed to explode with noise when he hit the ground. Hard. Peter’s lungs expelled all the air held inside, and seemed to freeze, unable to pull any back in. The teenager opened his eyes to see kids crowding around, all looking down at him with concern, but he couldn’t even pull in a breath. Ned’s worried face appeared above him, but Peter was still trying to get a breath in, until firm hands pulled him into a sitting position and started rubbing his back and chest. MJ looked furious as she coaxed Peter’s lungs to work, and he would have worried about that if his watch hadn’t started beeping and flashing. Because it wasn’t just any watch. It was a tracker that Mr Stark had given him to wear when he wasn’t in his Spider suit, in case anything happened. Peter was finally able to pull in a strained breath just as the watch let out Karen’s calm voice. “Subject not breathing. Notifying Mr Stark.”MJ kept rubbing at his chest as he wheezed, trying to turn off the damn tracker. “No…No, Kar…en…don’t!”Too late. Karen spoke again. “Mr Stark arriving in thirty seconds.”Ned leant down to get Peter’s attention, face twisted into a mix of concern and disgust. “Are you okay dude? Gross, that looks really broken.”Peter didn’t know what he was talking about, he just knew that it was very hard to breathe and there was an awful taste in his mouth like warm, wet, metal.  Flash climbed down the last of the bars, looking nervous and attempting to cover it with another smirk. He knew he’d gone too far, but wasn’t willing to back down and risk embarrassing himself. “Should have held on tighter, Penis.”Peter glared at him, as MJ and few other kids did the same. MJ’s tone was hard, even as her gentle hands eased over Peter’s back. “You could have killed him!”Some of the gathered kids nodded, mumbling about it being too high of a fall. “Yeah, Flash, that was really dangerous.”“Too far, man.”Peter would have been grateful that they stuck up for him, had his watch not been counting down, flicking past three as Peter ground out a few words. “You’re going to have to pay for that window.”Flash frowned in confusion. “What window?”The watch announced his arrival just as glass shattered across the room, Iron Man souring through the gym to land next to Peter as kids screamed and scrambled away. Tony was freaking out. Friday had sent him an emergency alert, interrupting his meeting with a very important member of parliament, to tell him Peter had fallen a considerable distance and then stopped breathing. He’d thrown a feeble excuse over his shoulder as he donned his suit and flown to the trackers location, arriving to see Peter on the floor, struggling to breathe, with blood pouring down his face. Kids screamed as he smashed through the window, but he didn’t take his eyes off his kid as he stepped out of the Iron Man suit, leaving it to stand behind them as he knelt next to Peter. “Are you okay?! What happened? Your tracker was activated and said you stopped breathing! Did you fall?!”He knew he was asking too many questions all at once, but holy crap, he’d almost had a heart attack when he got the alert.Peter heaved in a wheezy breath and looked 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Whump
Blood
Protective Tony
Worried Tony
Hurt Peter
Bullies
Swearing
Humor

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

