Work Text:

Harry liked to think he was cool under pressure. 
 
Just about everyone else thought the exact opposite. 
 
Hermione, in particular, was of the opinion her friend was a naturally occurring human disaster. 
 
In times like these, Harry had to admit she was right. 
 
He had been staring at his front door for over an hour. His stomach was in knots and he felt bile rise in the back of his throat. 
 
He had the most disgusting mixture of butterflies and stabbing pains, like the fluttery insects had grown razors for wings. 



All of this because of one thing. 

His soulmate. 

 
Because yes, soulmates was a thing. 
 
The mark on the inside of his wrist proved it. The mark promised him a life with someone quite literally perfect for him. 
 
And if that wasn't the most terrifying thing he'd ever heard. Even hearing he was going to die was less scary than this. That was death, this was... different. 
 
What if they hated him? 
 
Harry clenched his fist, digging his nails into the soft flesh. 
 
He closed his eyes and took a ragged breath. He'd never know if he didn't go. 
 
Because from the moment he woke up today he knew. 
 

They 

were coming. He knew his soulmate, the tortured soul on that dreamscape, was coming. Every minute that passed the more the mark on his wrist warmed. The more he freaked out. 
 
So many thoughts jumbled and bumped into each other, his excitement mixed with thick and heavy fear. He was shaking, trembling. 
 
He had changed his clothes five times, and had gotten so flustered ended up in a Weasley sweater to feel somewhat comforted. 
 
A whole hour went to hair that he had already known was untameable. 
 
Harry wasn't sure how he was going to even get through the door. 
 
It took several deep breaths before he turned the knob and stepped out. 



It was a cool autumn day, the wind kissing his face. Harry took rigid steps down the stairs of his flat building. He gave shaky waves to a couple of neighbors and shoved his trembling hands deep in his pant pockets. 
 

What do you even say to your soulmate? 

 

Hi, my name is Harry and I we've never got to meet before because my parents were afraid a mass murdering terrorist would use you to hurt me. Don't worry though, I killed him a year ago. 

 

He'd send his mate running for the hills. 




Harry breathed out another heavy sigh and set into the familiar path. 
 
He was rather fond of a nearby park. It was a bit out of the way of his grimy neighborhood, but definitely worth it. 
 
Harry ran countless conversation starters through his head, thought about what they looked like. What that were like. 
 
The dark haired male titled his head up, squinting at the hazy sunlight. 
 

Stop freaking out Potter. You're a Gryffindor. Act like it. 

 
Instead Harry focused on the sounds of leaves crunching under his feet, the squeak of swings and merry laughter of children, the distinct chirping of a bird. 
 
Harry let his feet go where they wished and let his mind dip into a sensory daze. His eyes were unfocused, he could see but he wasn't really seeing. Harry could only feel the burn of wind at his undoubtedly red nose, and a mass of colors that meant things but he couldn't care to find out. 
 
He wandered like this, nearly running into several things along the way. Eventually he came to the top of a bridge, which had another.pathway under it. Smiling people walked under him, joggers got in their morning run, children danced around exasperated parents legs. 
 
Harry felt at peace for the first time that day. 
 
He leaned over the railing and set his cheek on his fist. 
 
There he waited. 
 
His mark throbbed, not painfully, more of a warm pulse. 
 
The warmth from his wrist started to travel up his arm. 
 
A young man tossed a stick to an enthusiastic golden retriever. 
 
The warmth spread across his shoulders. 
 
A girl was reading, but from here Harry could see the smaller book tucked on top of the Sherlock Holmes volume. (If he squinted he could almost make out the positively dirty images drawn) 
 
The heat travelled down the expanse of his back. 
 
Two squirrels fought over an abandoned cheeseburger. While they did that, a third ran in and stole it. 
 
His whole torso felt as though he was wrapped in a blanket. 
 
The heat stopped spreading abruptly. Time passed, and Harry watched people pass by with it. 
 
The warmth had started spreading at random intervals, no longer a steady pace. 



Harry felt his earlier panic creep up on him. 
 

What if-


no. Don't go there Potter. 

 

-too good to be true 


(shut up! Don't jinx it!)

 

Who knew Vernon Dursley would ever be rig- 

 

(Idiot! Stop!) 

 

-show up 

 

-please don't leave him here standing like an idiot. 

 

Maybe they will if you don't stop! 

 
Harry was so distracted by the fear clogging his brain he almost missed the fact his body was warm, head to toe. 
 
Harry blew out a breath, it turning into a small fog. 
 
His fear rose up again, but he stomped it down. 
 
His heart 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Soulmates
First Meetings
hand holding
pure fluff
Fluff
harry is adorkable
Loki Needs a Hug
Barista! Harry
Social Justice Warrior! Harry

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

