Chapter 1: The Opposite Operation
    




Chapter Text
1.
The day had started out pretty normal; as do most days. Most people don’t finish their day off fighting crime in a tight high tech spandex suit, but for peter that was normal. But the day hadn’t ended exactly how he had expected it to.
Him and Ned were on their lunch break when he got the news. 
“So I took this poll online, to-“ Ned paused as the two boys squeezed through the swarming crowds of students to get to the cafeteria. When they burst through the doors and finally separated from the tsunami of other teenagers, they sat in their usual place, and Ned continued,
“To see which star wars character I would be-“
He quickly rummaged in his trouser pocket for his phone and pulled it out and was already drumming in his passcode. No one as supposed to go on their phones in school, but what the hell? Everybody did anyway.
“And I got Jar Jar binks! I mean, come on, I’m clearly more of a Han solo guy, right?” Ned asked as if he disapproved, but the hyperactive child within him was clearly showing on his face. Peter just giggled (in a very manly way, off course) and tugged out his phone.
“Take the test! Take it- I think it was on- wait let me find it…” Ned typed furiously into his new, and already very broken Stark phone.
Peter had managed to persuade Mr. Stark into giving Ned a Stark phone; not that Tony needed much persuading, he would do pretty much anything for the kid to make sure he and his friends were happy- but Peter knew he wouldn’t admit that.
He started typing into his own phone,
“Hey, was it Buzzfeed?” Ned shook his head, engrossed in his mission to find the website.
Peter scrolled a little further, “Was it on Zimbio?”
“Yes! Take it- I wanna see who you get.” Ned leaned over like an eager child and peter didn’t try to hide his own excitement as he began answering questions.
“What loser- related stuff is it now, losers?” Michelle slapped her lunch tray down on the table in a I-couldn’t-give-a-rats-ass-if-that-was-too-loud-for-you-losers sort of way. She wore her signature smirk.
Just as Ned and Peter both opened their mouths to answer, she held up her hands and said, “Hang on a second... I forgot that I didn’t care.” She laughed lightly and whipped out her bible of a romance book and stuck her head straight into it. Occasionally taking a bite from her apple.
Peter couldn’t help but notice how the small curls of her hair slipped ever so slowly and fell into her line of sight, and then as she brushed them behind her ear. She was always reading, was that why she was so smart? Did she absorb all the knowledge from everything she read? Her eyes seemed to scan the words so fast-
“Ohh would you look at that, Parker’s got a cruuushhh.” Peter recognised the voice immediately and his head snapped back to face said person; Flash.
He was standing along with some of his equally short yet over-confident friends, a smirk playing across their lips. They had caught him staring at MJ. Shit.
“Get lost, flash.” Ned huffed out at the bully and turned back around to grab his pack lunch from his school bag with the intention of ignoring him. Peter, however, stared back.
“I wasn’t staring. I-I Just spaced out… A little bit distracted, That’s all.” Flash wasn’t buying it, and just strode past him, but as peter turned his head around Flash casually smacked him upside the head to annoy him. 
“Hey, Mrs. Jones, I’d watch out for Penis over there!” He snickered and continued to pick on the other vulnerable kids in the room.
Peter looked back at Mj and attempted to cover his case,
“I wasn’t- I swear- “
“Yeah, yeah Parker, I don’t care anyway.” But then she did the unexpected. She gave him a reassuring smile and returned to her book. Peter felt as if he should have been honoured; He was to be fair.
To distract himself he grabbed his own lunch out of his bag and went back to his phone. Before he continued the test though, he remembered his notifications.
Ned and him together had managed to connect Peter’s phone to the immediate news and hacked into the police systems (With a lot of help from the technology inside of the Spiderman suit. Technology can do anything these days) so that his phone would alert him of any immediate dangers that required Spiderman’s presence. Sure, the old couple trying to cross the street might have to wait until he’s done with school, but an alien invasion or a monster from outer space attacking New York? Yes, he could afford to miss a lesson or two.
But he hadn’t expected there to be anything serious, per usual. Which is why he found himself staring, unblinking, at the huge header that topped his phone screen.

MASS OF CIVILIANS ATTACK THE STARK TOWER - AVENGERS ON SITE

He read on further. 
The Attack has been going on since 9:34 this morning. A group of New York civilians, up to 100, have been attacking the Stark tower with all sorts of military guns and equipment. The avengers, or at least whats left of them, have been on site for the past hour a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter
Fluff
I will add tags as I go
Bullying
falling
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
IM COMING BACK BITCHES
okay that was a year ago and I didn’t come back
whoopsie
i guess you could say this fic is discontinued
But thank u so much for reading if u did ❤️

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

