Chapter 1: Everything New Under the Sun (Tony)
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Tony tasted blood. It coated his fingers, warm and thick, as he kneeled to watch life leave yet another set of eyes. He'd always been familiar with death, but the extent of this new carnage made Afghanistan and the first Chitauri invasion pale in comparison. With a wheezing sigh, he trailed a finger down a pale cheek, contemplating the cruel play of time and ambition. 

So many had died. Friends he'd never expected to lose, allies he'd grown fond of in spite of healthy reservations, strangers and innocents... and now the last enemy he would ever take down. 

When death claimed him tonight, at least his personal revenge would have been exacted...
*The sight that greeted him made for an interesting puzzle."What the..."Luxurious green leaves sprouting out of transparent trunks? Giant black birds unfolding wings that spanned his entire body? What about those red and gold butterflies singing over his head?"... hell?" He rubbed the sleep from his eyes, blinked a few times, but the landscape remained unchanged.He pushed himself into a sitting position, eyes surveying the exotic meadow. With that kind of lush vegetation, the air should have been more humid, but it was almost dry, and pleasantly warm. What was this place? Where was he? His body felt heavier than it should, as if part of the sky was resting directly on his shoulders, like a... burden of sorts. He licked his chapped lips. A sense of purpose registered vaguely in-between the sensation of thirst and weariness, but his mind latched on his physical needs, discarding the flicker of something for more tangible resources. Water, for example.All of a sudden, a pool of clear water materialized in the ground nearby, as if it was what pools did, answering silent pleas. He shivered. The song of the red and gold butterflies lost its soothing quality, and the water, no matter how perfectly clear and palatable it appeared, left a sour taste in his throat. Why was he here, that was important, he had to know, had to...The sense of purpose returned with a vengeance. He pulled at his goatee, perplexity morphing into fear. He’s gone to bed in the penthouse last night, and last time he'd checked, jungles in parallel universes weren’t hunting geniuses, playboys, and… and… He massaged his temples, trying to extract the word from his brain, but a headache was building up between his temples, and the sudden urge to scream forced a panicked gasp out of his mouth. A moment later, he found himself on all four, heaving and panting as if he’d just run for his life. He took a handful of his shirt and squeezed. Underneath, he could sense a circular contraption, embedded between his pectoral muscles. Horrified, he pulled up his shirt (what did Black Sabbath mean?) and brushed a thumb on the glowing thing over his heart. An arc... Fuck, he thought, pushing down his shirt and looking away as a wave of nausea hit him. There was a strangely friendly butterfly that seemed to study him from its blade of grass. Butterflies were shy creatures, but this gold and red marvel, its wings shining like metal blades under the sun, decided to climb up his arm, its six antennae twirling as it studied him. Metal... Iron… He was...The hair on his neck rose to attention. An arc, he was thinking about an arc. He had a sudden vision of a room in a tower (what tower?), and then he’d forgotten all about the arc, the tower, and the words woven in the fabric of his shirt. His head swam, and he focused on breathing until nausea abated. Now was not the time to question his path of life, of that he was sure. What he should be doing was looking around, exploring this interesting meadow, and make contact with its inhabitants. He would realize where he was when it became relevant, because he was brilliant… right?He felt as though his mind was splitting in two, one half willing his body to stay there and figure out who he was, and the other half intent on going on a quest for something. The latter won, and how could it not? This place was amazing. Every scent, every living creature… It commanded attention, and he was there, so why not indulge his curiosity? He didn’t matter here - everything else did.Still, his own mind had never been good (how did he know that?) at following directions, even from within itself, so he narrowed his eyes at his calloused palms and started wondering. What was he? Surely not an office worker, not with hands like his. A mechanic? The word sparked an idea gone too soon to explore, and he curled his hands into fists. How frustrating, really, to fail to remember something so simple as what he did for a living. What if his job explained his presence here? Perhaps he was an explorer. That felt right-ish. Perhaps…He felt like lying down in the tall grass and so he did, eyes turning to the wide expanse of purple sky stretching far over him. He still felt di
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Past Tony/Pepper
one-sided Fandral/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Amnesia
POV Alternating
Eventual Romance
Tony is a the guest/prisoner of a curious prince
Power Imbalance
Tony doesn't mind
Loki shaves Tony with a straight razor
Sexual Tension
Banter
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Dominant Loki
Insecure Tony
BAMF Tony Stark
Slow Burn
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Accidental harm
Danger Kink
Strength Kink
Mutual Pining
Jealous Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Rough Kissing
Making Out
Masturbation
Mutual Masturbation
Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Marathon Sex
Rimming
Confessions
Rough Sex
Tender Sex
Enthusiastic Consent
Panic Attacks
Enemies to Friends to Lovers to Enemies to Lovers
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian
Fanfiction and Fanart

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Past Tony/Pepper
one-sided Fandral/Tony Stark

