Work Text:
The boat was bobbing in the water unsteadily, as Peter watched the last of the passengers being rescued. God, what a mess. The adrenaline was beginning to wear off, after taking an hour to get back to land, and it was making him feel drained and achy all over. But the guilt hurt far worse than any physical pain he could feel. Okay, maybe not all the physical pain, cause crap his arm really, really hurt. He could hear the Iron Man suit approach, before he saw it, and didn’t turn to look as Tony started talking. “Previously on Peter screws the pooch, I tell you to stay away from this and instead, you hack your way into a multi-million dollar suit, so you could sneak around behind my back and do the one thing I told you not to do.”He sounded mad, and Peters own voice came out small and shaken. “Is everyone okay?”“No thanks to you.”Peter frowned at that. What the hell was that supposed to mean? He swung his legs over wall and hopped down, ignoring the way it made his head spin. “No thanks to me? Those weapons were out there and I tried to tell you about it but you wouldn’t listen! None of this would have happened if you had just listened to me! If you even cared you would actually be here.” Peter felt betrayed. Tony had given him the suit, brought him in on his insane fight with half the avengers, gotten him beaten up and terrified, and then dropped him home and ignored him for months. And now he wanted to lecture him about trying to stop bad guys that he had ignored? The Iron Man suit opened, revealing Tony’s hard expression as he stepped out. Peter took a stumbling step backwards, wincing a little at the way his chest throbbed painfully. “I did listen, kid. Who do you think called the FBI, huh? Do you know I was the only one who believed in you? Everyone else said I was crazy for recruiting a fourteen-year-old kid.”There it was again. He couldn’t even remember how old he was; just more proof he didn’t really care. And it hurt. Or maybe that was his chest. “I’m fifteen.”Tony’s face hardened again, voice raising enough to give Peter a headache, and make him dizzier than before. The teenager blinked, trying to clear his vision. “No, this is where you zip it, all right? The adult is talking. What if someone had died tonight? Different story, right? Cause that’s on you. And if you’d died? I feel like that’s on me.”His tone had changed slightly, softening just a little, as if he actually gave a crap. “I don’t need that on my conscience.”Peter lowered his gaze, swallowing thickly as he mumbled out a few words. God, why was it so hard to breathe? And his arm felt like it was made of lead, his fingers wouldn’t even twitch. “I’m sorry, Mr Stark.”Tony kept talking, but Peter couldn’t really hear him anymore. His eyes wouldn’t focus on anything, and he felt as if he were about to pass out. Something was wrong. Tony watched the kid blinking heavily, swaying a little, and snapped his fingers in front of Peter’s face, trying to gain back his attention. “Peter, are you listening to me?”The teenager flinched a little at the snapping, but it was slow and clumsy, and he mumbled the same words as before, small and confused. “S-sorry Mr St-stark, I’m sorry. Sorry Mr Stark, I’m-”Tony frowned, concerned, and lifted a hand to the kid’s shoulder. “Peter?”His touch made the kid flinch, eyes scrunching shut and legs giving out as he let out a cry of pain. Tony caught him around the waist as his legs crumpled, holding him up against his chest as Peter groaned. “Hey, kid, you, all right?”He didn’t answer, and his arm didn’t move, hanging limply from his side as if the limb were nothing but dead weight. Peter’s other hand was fisted in Tony’s shirt and he looked down at the kid as those bright eyes blinked open, glassy and tired. “Peter, answer me.” He was getting worried. Something wasn’t right. But Peter didn’t say anything, just groaned in pain and sank into Tony’s arms, no longer able to hold himself up. The older man carefully lowered the kid to the ground, arms around his back, as Peter’s heavy head lay cradled in Tony’s hand. His eyes were blinking slow as he panted, but it was clear he wasn’t really seeing anything and he didn’t respond to Tony’s voice anymore. Tony’s heart thumped in his chest. God, why had he yelled at him? Why hadn’t he gotten the kid checked out first, or just asked Friday to make sure he was okay? He’d tried to hold an entire ship together, and single-handedly battled the vulture and his crew, why would he think he’d be fine? He tried again, breathing growing quicker as Peter’s grew more laboured, slow shallow breaths coming strained as Peter’s chest heaved with the effort. “Peter, come on kid. Talk to me, stay awake.” His eyes were getting heavier, and Tony knew he wouldn’t be awake for much longer. He called out to his suit, voice harsh and panicked. “Friday, scan him and send the results to the base. Call Bruce.”Her cheerful voice came quickly. “Scan complete. Initiating call.”Tony didn’t want to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Guilt
Angst
Arguing
dad tony
Worried Tony
Hurt Peter
Whump
Science Bros

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

