Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was very late. Should you look for him?Stephen had departed earlier in the day to attend to a case of an alleged demonic possession. He took these kinds of tasks often, serving as a paranormal detective and holy man for those who wanted to believe in what he did. As his newest apprentice, he would often have you tag along with him for these kind of assignments. You were disappointed when he oddly asked you to stay at the Sanctum this time. He wouldn’t give a reason why, but you trusted him when he told you so. So now you wait, pacing the halls, concerned for your master. He could handle himself – he was the Sorcerer Supreme, after all – but you had grown to care for him a lot. He had allowed you to stay with him, taking you under his wing to help develop your powers. He was always so patient and willing to teach you, but also took every chance to playfully rib you. You could swear he was flirting with you, but you were always to shy to take it any further. After all, you didn’t want to ruin any chances at an amazing education over a complete miscommunication.“I guess I should turn in for the night.” You pull aside the curtains to have a look outside into the night, realizing that it’s begun to lightly rain.“I hope he’s okay,” you mumble to yourself as you make your way to your room. You crack the door behind you, keeping it slightly ajar to listen for his return. You slip off your clothes, changing into your night attire, and crawl into bed. You leave the candles on your bedside table alight as you grab a book nearby. It wouldn’t hurt to do some studying before you pass out, right?Flipping through the pages, you feel your mind drifting away after some time until the sound of the front door opening startles you back to full consciousness.You jump up out of bed and sheepishly peek your head out of your room as you hear his footsteps get closer.“I’m still awake, Stephen! I was worried and decided to wai-“ Before you could finish, and without a word, he fully opens the door and grabs onto your waist, pulling you close. His eyes – something seems different – as he suddenly kisses you. It’s a deep, longing kiss. His hands dig into your waist, and you can’t help but release a pleasurably whimper. What is going on?He finally breaks the kiss, moving his hands from your waist to grab your upper arms. His grip is firm.“It’s good that you’re awake, sweetheart. Wouldn’t have mattered either way.” He purrs, pushing you towards your bed. Your heart begins to race, your eyes darting around his face, trying to figure out if this is real or not. What does he mean that it wouldn’t matter anyway?“Stephen, a-are you alright? What are you doing?”He shoves you onto the bed, draping himself over your body. His hands glide over your body, taking in your curves. You gasp, your face hot as he caresses you. You’d never been this close to him before. It’s frightening, but a little exciting. You feel ashamed.“He’s wanted to do this for a while now. He loves your body – he’s spent so much time wondering how you’d look not covering yourself up so much.” He growls. You feel a jolt through your body. “H-he?! What’s going on? You’re not really him are you-“He shushes you, a devious grin growing on his face.“You were just going to go with it, weren’t you? What a slutty little apprentice you are. What difference does it make? If it makes you feel better, he wants it too… it’ll just be someone else at the wheel.”“No! This is wrong... I don’t know what you are but let me go!” You squirm, but his strength is too much. He looks amused.“Let’s just have some fun, shall we? I can play the role if you want. I can play doctor.” He grins. It reminds you of the times he would poke fun at you. It’s not him, but he looks so good when he smiles like that. He’s very handsome… “Lost in my eyes, dearest?” He’s mocking you now. Strange’s stoney gray eyes meet yours, and soon venture back down to your body. “Enough talk.” He wriggles your nightgown off, exposing your naked body. He tosses it aside, kissing your neck and slowly moving towards your chest.“Please…. stop. This isn’t right. Stephen, you have to be in there!” He’s made it down to your chest now, fiercely grabbing at your tits. He’s rough, almost primal. He takes one of your nipples into his mouth, his tongue flicking at it carelessly.“He’s your mentor, isn’t he? Shouldn’t you be a little more… formal about it?” His mouth is full as he speaks at you idly.“I’m not calling you… that.” You look away, trying to hide your blushing face. It’s like he can read your mind. Can he?Strange releases his mouth from your nipple, one of his gloved hands sliding down to explore in between your legs.“Calling anyone that already sounds so… sexual. I know you enjoy saying it for that reason. He likes it when you say it for the same reason.”“Wh-what,” Your face is beet red at this point, “you’re lying!”He shrugs his shoulders, his hand making it to your pussy.“How else would I know? Say it fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stephen Strange/Reader
Doctor Strange/Reader

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Vaginal Sex
Praise Kink
Possession
Pregnancy Scares
Oral Sex
Teacher-Student Relationship
Creampie

fandom: 
Stephen Strange/Reader
Doctor Strange/Reader

