Chapter 1: from muggers
    




Chapter Text
 
i. from muggers
 
Tony Stark rarely walked anywhere, even within New York. First, it really was a very large city, and he didn’t have the time and he really didn’t enjoy showing up wherever he was going sweaty and/or freezing, depending on the weather. Second, he was Tony Stark. That tended to draw attention from those around him, and he hated being handed pieces of paper to sign and having to stop to take pictures when he was trying to get somewhere. Third, Happy didn’t allow him to go by himself, and while Happy wasn’t technically his body guard anymore, sometimes you had to pick your battles, and this wasn’t a hill Tony was ready to die on.
Which was all a very long way of saying, the chances of catching Tony Stark walking alone down the street one fall evening, hands shoved in his pockets as he meandered through Queens were incredibly, absurdly tiny. The chance of this happening on a night when one of the nearby side alleys was occupied by either the bravest or stupidest group of muggers in New York was even smaller, practically microscopic. And yet, here Tony was, suddenly staring down the barrel of a gun with one eyebrow raised.
He didn’t take his hands out of his pockets as the muggers began shouting at him to put his hands up and give them his wallet.
“I don’t carry a wallet. I’m told it ‘ruins the lines’ of the suit or something,” Tony said, eyeing each of his four assailants with a practiced gaze. Even without his armor, he could probably take two of them before they fired a shot, which just meant dodging the stray bullet that would inevitably be fired by Mugger #3 while taking down #4, who was only armed with a knife. The only problem would be that #3 had a semi-automatic .22 caliber pistol, and would likely be able to get a second shot off before Tony got to him. Maybe he would wait and look for an opening.
“Get your hands out of your bloody pockets right now,” Goon #2 snarled at Tony, who finally consented with a roll of his eyes. If Goon #1 would take just one step closer to Tony, he would be close enough for Tony to grab his gun and divert it while activating his wristwatch repulsor.
“Just out of curiosity, have any of you watched the news in the last like… seven years? Cause I feel like you would be making different choices right now if you had,” Tony asked. He could see the flare of animalistic anger behind the leader’s eyes and prepared himself to make his move.
“Wow,” another voice called out loudly and Tony’s heart stopped. “Is that Tony Stark?”
Tony was both tempted to roll his eyes and shout at the idiotic child currently swinging down from the roof of the apartment building Tony was facing to get the heck out of here. The muggers were equally distracted by the red and blue streak coming towards them, enough so that two of them aimed their guns at him.
Spider-Man, being the self-sacrificing moron he was, webbed the one that was still aimed at Tony to the wall. The other two opened fire as he swung over them.
“I’m a huge fan, Iron Man,” Spider-Man called down. Tony’s knees were a little wobbly, but he managed a dry, “Thanks, Spidey.”
The muggers, instead of being daunted by the fact that the odds were now two superheroes against four run-of-the-mill punks who had made terrible life choices, seemed to just get pissed off that their mugging was interrupted. One fired at Spider-Man again before he was webbed to a lamppost.  
“Are you guys fans, too?” Peter asked as he suddenly dropped to the ground between Tony and the remaining three. “Are you trying to get his autograph?”
The dude with the knife lunged, but Peter seized his wrist, twisted until the man screamed, and then kicked him into the wall of the other side of the alley, where he slumped, moaning.
“Oh, wait, no,” Spider-Man said, webbing both goon’s guns and flinging them down the alley. “Those are guns. Are you idiots actually trying to mug Iron Man?”
Peter moved so fast he was almost a blur to Tony, but suddenly Goon #1 was clutching his obviously broken nose, while his companion was webbed to the wall.
“How dumb can you get?” Spidey asked before spinning around to face Tony. The white lenses narrowed as Peter seemed to look Tony up and down before asking in an almost hushed, anxious tone. “Are you alright, Mr. Stark?”
“Fine,” Tony scoffed, brushing invisible dirt from his suit jacket as he tried to subtly take calming breaths in an effort to slow his traitorously fast heart. “Though I must say I’m disappointed in the stupidity of criminals these days. Honestly.”
Peter huffed an unconvincing laugh as he finished tying up the last of the muggers, leaving them for the police to find. Satisfied that they wouldn’t get away, he turned back to Tony. There was moment of silence as they stared at each other, and then Tony sighed.
“Come on, Happy’s just a couple blocks away.”
Peter followed him to the car. He had asked why Tony had been walking around Queen’s alone, but Tony had simply said “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Typical Violence
Father-Son Relationship
Protective Tony Stark
5+1 Things
Hurt/Comfort
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Mentions of Claustrophobia
Mentions of alcoholism
References to Civil War
Depressed Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

