Work Text:
 There are words in haphazard script - messy in the way you write when it’s just a note to yourself, just a reminder no one else is meant to read - across Peter’s hipbone that Liz Allan never once utters. She is gorgeous in a way that steals the words from his mouth, brilliant in a way that makes his chest tight and his hands sweat, and she isn’t his. He wants to know the words on her heart - wants to live in a world where this is all a misunderstanding, all a miscommunication that still leads to her hand in his, but that’s not the reality he’s found himself in. Because her first words to him are ‘Do you know when the meeting is?’ , and her second are ‘ Can I borrow a pencil?’ and he could wait a thousand years and he knows she’d never be the one he wants her so desperately to be. He stares in his mirror at the scrawl on his skin and imagines it might change, that they might grow into each other and not apart. They do grow, and Liz does smile at him in a way that makes his knees weak and his mouth dry, and then he tears the foundation of her life apart without a moment’s hesitation.Regret is not something Peter feels, but something he suffers. Peter lives regret like a broken bone he cannot set, like smoke in his lungs he chokes on with each exhale, like a crumbling foundation he cannot keep together. There is a guilt in the set of his shoulders that weighs like iron and there are no words that quell the distance he cannot help but him between himself and everyone around him - but it’s not about the guilt and it’s not about the regret. Peter knows the clutch of repentance in his chest through pathways he has been forced to tread and this is different; this is the coil of something stark and violent that he suffers, coiled in his chest so tightly it feels like a physical weight. This is the slow outstretch of wrongness that doesn’t settle despite his best attempts at ignoring it, that echoes around him in every single quiet moment until it’s more than he knows how to handle.Ten months have passed since he last stood in the middle of the wreckage of Adrian Toomes’ insane failure, but the smoke and the fire follow him back to his room like it’s his own shadow he can’t shake. Ten months is long enough for Aunt May to stop asking questions, for Mr. Stark to forget his recklessness and his mistakes, and ten months is more than long enough for his friends to forgive him for the things they know he’s refusing to say. Ten months is long enough for Peter to accept that ten months isn’t any amount of time at all.Time passes like an ocean around him, something constant and endless that pushes and pulls him further than he thinks he’s meant to be. He resents the transience of the things he loves that move on around him like nothing has happened, like everything is fine. Normality is something he is clinging desperately to, like floating jetsam in a storm, and apparently he’s not clinging hard enough. Time is unfeeling and unthinking, cold and neutral like a wave he suffers rather than controls, and there is nothing he can do to change things to the way he thinks they should be. Ten months is a drop in the ocean; ten months into two hundred doesn’t make him forget.So maybe he feels regret when he looks across the cafeteria to where Liz used to eat lunch and thinks about how it feels like he broke his own heart. Maybe he feels regret when he passes by the construction, where they are slowly working to rebuild the structures he damaged when he crashed an airplane into the city to stop a madman. Maybe he feels regret when he sees the lines of worry in Aunt May’s face, or when MJ stares at him in concern when she thinks he doesn’t notice, or when Ned asks too many questions that he knows he’s never going to be able to answer.When it rains Peter thinks he can feel where the sharp metal of Toomes’ talons dug into the soft junction of his shoulder, as though there’s a bruise lying there under the surface that doesn’t know how to heal. When he lays in bed and stares at the ceiling, with the lights on and a movie playing on the tv across the room, he tries to forget the shadow of wings blocking his vision, or the weight of a building crushing him into the ground, or the way the city looks when you’re falling out of the sky. Peter lays awake and pretends he doesn’t remember what it’s like to have someone want you dead above all else - to see you still breathing and to think, ‘this needs to change.’It’s not regret that keeps him from sleeping - it’s fear. The bitterness in the back of his throat grows worse with time and he doesn’t know how long he’s supposed to pretend like everything is fine before he starts to believe it himself. A lot of things are different now. He thinks that’s why he doesn’t sleep - why he can’t sleep - but sometimes it isn’t an option. Sometimes sleep is an inevitability more than an option; sometimes, after days of tossing and turning and far too many energy drinks, Peter falls asleep because his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Falling In Love
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Slow Burn
Age Difference
Underage Character(s)
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

