Work Text:
Peter didn’t like small spaces, and he definitely did not like being trapped under buildings. After the whole mess with The Vulture and getting trapped under the collapsed warehouse, he’d decided he never wanted to be in that situation again. But, aliens don’t really care about what Peter wants, and there he was again, trying to breathe while being trapped by rock and debris. Thankfully Tony was there too. He knew he shouldn’t be thankful that Tony was in danger, but he didn’t really want to be alone, and Mr Stark always made him feel a little better, so against his better moral judgement, he was happy Tony was trapped too. He was also thankful he was in his Stark-made Spider-Man suit, and not his home-made one, because Karen was there to help. “The debris is unstable, and I cannot find a viable exit from this position.” Peter sighed. “Thanks, Karen.” Totally helpful.It wasn’t really as bad as it had been last time, for instance, he wasn’t pinned down, which he greatly appreciated, and he stretched his arms out a little, trying to shake off the rising claustrophobia. They had been battling aliens, just a few but still, they caused a lot of trouble, and had cornered one in the building before it screeched horribly and self-destructed, sending the whole building down on top of them. So, maybe it was more accurate to say it had cornered them. And now, they were trapped in a small cave-like space in the rubble, surrounded by rock and metal. It was a tight fit, especially with Tony’s Iron Man suit sitting with them, but at least they could move a little. Tony was using Friday to scan the rocks around them, but she got the same result as Karen, and Tony let out a sigh. “Sorry Pete, we’re just going to have to wait till the others find us. I’ve already sent out a distress signal and Cap said he’d be here soon so, don’t worry. We’ll be okay.”Peter nodded and rolled his shoulders back, trying to calm down his breathing, but he really didn’t like being in a dim hole made of rock. His voice was higher than he’d like it to be. “Can’t you just use the Iron Man suit to bust us out of here? It’s got rockets and stuff, right?”Tony winced as he shifted, and knocked his knuckles against the metal chest of his suit where it sat beside him. “Sorry kid, the suit took a big hit when this thing came down. It stopped me from getting crushed but it’s mostly offline, I can only talk to Friday. Besides, if I used a rocket in here we’d be blown up or be crushed. We’ll be fine, Cap and the rest of the team are coming to get us.”Peter nodded and frowned at Tony’s hand clutched to his side. “Are you hurt?”The mechanic waved off his concern. “Nope.” Peter narrowed his eyes, unconvinced, as Karen’s calm voice broke the silence. “Mr Stark has two broken ribs, and an increased heart rate, but he will be fine.”Tony couldn’t hear Karen, only Peter could when he had his mask on, and he would have called Tony out on his lie except it probably wouldn’t help things anyway. The older man played distractedly with some wires sticking out of the make shift wall next to him, trying to think of some way to use them to boost the suit back up, as he spoke to Peter. “What about you? You hurt?”Yes. Peter’s face felt like it had been punched by a bus, and he could feel blood running through his hair as well as another trail down his lip, but it was probably nothing. He took his mentors lead and waved it off. “Nope, I’m fine.”Tony looked up at the teenager, narrowing his eyes as he noted the rapid rise and fall of Peter’s chest.“Then why haven’t you taken off your mask? No one’s going to find out your secret identity in here, and it might make it a little easier to breathe.”He looked suspicious, and Peter fidgeted as he stumbled through a lie. “Well…I won’t be able to talk to Karen with my mask off, and I like Karen.”“Thank you, Peter. I like you, too.” The AI sounded happy but Tony was frowning. “Peter, don’t lie to me. I can have Friday scan you but I’d prefer it if you were just honest. You know you aren’t supposed to hide injuries, it’s not safe and it’s not smart.”The teenager lifted a hand in exasperation, waving it around as he whined. “So, you’re allowed to lie about it but I can’t?”Tony crossed his arms, voice stern. “I didn’t lie.”Peter tilted his head, a little meekly. “Karen told me you have two broken ribs.”Tony rolled his eyes about being ratted out but Peter had more whining to do.  “What are we supposed to do about it anyway? We’re stuck underground? Who cares if I’m hurt? I have speed healing.”Tony frowned again at that comment. “I care. And if you’d forgotten, baby genius, broken bones can heal wrong and that’s no fun for anyone, so if you’re hurt we need to make sure we do everything we can to make sure you speed healing can fix it properly. Now, take off your mask.”Peter shrugged his shoulders, petulantly. “No.”Mr Stark's voice grew sterner. “Peter.”“I don’t want to.”“Don’t be such a child.”Peter spread his arms in front of him, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Whump
dad tony
Father-Son Relationship
Worried Tony
Protective Tony
Worried Peter
Protective Peter
Blood
Grief
Crying
Suspense
Intense
Stress
Prompt Fill
Humor
Bickering
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

