Chapter 1: Peter is scared of clowns
    




Chapter Text

1:00 am, New Avengers Facility
“I could blow this thing to pieces. I could blow this thing to smithereens and finally get a full night of sleep.” 
 “Hello to you too, Mr. Stark.” 
“Cut the crap, kid. As much as it pains me to admit it and as hard as it is to believe, I need my beauty sleep. This billionaire, former-playboy, philanthropist keeps his face pretty by getting at least five hours of sleep. Now, tell me, what was so important that you needed to call me at thirteen o'clock? (Which is one o’clock in military time, if you didn’t know.)”
 “Thirteen o’clock is at one pm, not am.” 
“The point. Get to it before I get to your suit.”
 “Okay! I’m sorry!” 
“...”
 “... Can you come pick me up?” 
“What the hell, Parker?”
 “I’m sorry! MJ wanted to see the midnight screening of IT and May is out of town!” 
“She wanted to see what?”
 “IT.” 
“What the fuck did she want to see, Parker?”
 “IT! The movie about the clown!” 
“A movie about you? How narcissistic.”
 “Please, Mr. Stark…” 
“...”
 “...” 
“...”
 “...” 
“Stop with the damn puppy-dog eyes.”
 “How’d you know I was-” 
“I’m showing up in a helicopter and my jammies. If I’m embarrassing myself by picking up a couple of teenagers, I might as well do it in style.”
 “I’m sorry…” 
“Stop with the pity party. If I didn’t want to, I wouldn’t be dropping a ladder to you.”
 “Ow!” 
“Whoops. I did that on purpose.” Once Tony pulled him up, Peter scratched the back of his head shamefully. The older man sighed, “It’s fine, kid. Seriously. I know what it’s like to want to go to a scary movie just to have some girl cling to you the entire time.” “Actually, I was holding him the entire time. He gets pretty squeamish around clowns.” a new voice snarked.Both teen vigilante and billionaire turned to see Michelle standing there, a smirk on her face as she began to recount the night to Tony, all while Peter sat there miserably.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Phone Calls & Telephones
Teenagers
Peter is a Little Shit
Tony Being Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Spider-Man: Far From Home

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ben Parker & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

