Chapter 1: It wasn't a Problem
    




Chapter Text

In any other situation, on any other day, in any other fight, he couldn’t have gotten away with it. Luckily, the shot of magic from Loki had been a final petty act of frustration after being captured. It wasn’t part of the fight that had blown both of them into an office building. It wasn’t even more than a four on the Avenger’s sliding scale of danger. But Tony had knocked him on his ass and started taunting him.

The bastard had rolled his eyes and muttered “Oh do shut up, would you?”

There was a brief flash, and when Tony opened his mouth to snark back… nothing.

It was definitely magic. He could feel his vocal cords vibrate. He could feel the air pass by them. The physics Tony learned in grade school assured him that sound 

should

 happen.

But. Well. Magic.

And since the team was going to be more smug than normal if they found out, Tony flipped up the mask to glare.  

Loki smirked, despite the whirring gauntlets raised towards him, and answered around panted breaths, “What’s the phrase you humans use? Cat got your tongue? Don’t worry Stark, it shouldn’t last more than two weeks, maybe three.”

Tony very nearly broke his promise to Thor not to brutally murder his brother before the blond god sauntered into the room and set mjolnir on Loki’s hands as a temporary restraint.

“My thanks, Tony Stark, I am heartened to see that my brother caused you no harm.”

No harm. Right. Except for pulling a Sea Witch, stealing his voice, and leaving him at the mercy of his team, their mocking, the ridicule, and three weeks of jokes about Tony and magic that he didn’t want to hear.

Tony sneered. Loki smirked.

Then he snapped the visor shut, nodded to the rest of the team as they jogged closer, and flew home.

 
It wasn’t hard at first.

Everyone knew Tony Stark hated magic. He was pretty sure there were men herding yaks on the Russian steppes, who, if they heard his name would say, ‘oh yeah, that guy, he hates magic.’ Except they’d say it in russian. So it wasn’t hard to play for time using a bad mood as a shield.

There was a lot that could be said with an eyebrow and a long drink of coffee.

Then there was the fact that most of the team sent him texts when they needed his attention since they knew Jarvis would display them over Tony’s current project until he read them and responded.

For the first two days, he was convinced they were going to have an epiphany, and the taunting would begin. He was braced for it, but it never happened.

Then came three days of realizing they weren’t as smart as he thought, and the subsequent concern because intelligence seemed important for superheroes.

Then came two more days of fear after he remembered they were actually very smart.

Then started the creeping recognition that something had changed.

It was around day eleven of his enforced silence that he put his finger on what he was seeing. Or, well, not-seeing. And not-hearing.

Damn near half of his interactions with the team ended with strained smiles from the not-Tony members of those conversations. They always looked a bit annoyed, which was usually his cue to return to the lab. The team wasn’t doing that anymore. They were smiling, clear through to the end of the – well, it wasn’t a conversation since Tony was 271 hours in mutism – but to the end of the interaction at least. They smiled. The entire time.

His team was one of the prickliest groups of people he had ever met. Not a day went by that at least one of them wasn’t hip deep in trauma and memories. There was always someone who was two steps from putting a chair through a window. They were the Avengers, it came with the territory.

When he talked to them before, they’d get progressively more terse and standoffish until Tony took the hint. Now? They never did that.

He pushed aside the assessment, his stress induced, over wrought emotions and a mild, simmering panic attack. That night, he started collecting data. Jarvis brought up feeds of the common room over the last months, and Tony knew it was behavioral observation, and so was definitely a soft science, but it was all he had to go on. Bruce didn’t get a stressed look as long as Tony talked about science. Anything else got him green around the edges in about half an hour.

Clint always looked a bit annoyed, but usually walked away before Tony could see it get bad enough to count as a data point. Of course, then he realized he had cameras everywhere, and found Clint’s frustration, visible the minute he was out of Tony’s sight.

Steve kept up the facade of politeness decently well. But Steve was who Tony had thought of first. He was who had jumped to the front of Tony’s mind, with stress-wrinkles around his eyes and a grimace doing it’s best to look happy.

Natasha was a Black Widow and a super spy, she wasn’t going to have any clues in the moment. Tony skipped watching their interactions, and found what she did once she was alone. Similar enough to Clint to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mute Tony Stark
Tony-centric
a little bit of magic
Mental Illness
Casual relationship with timelines
cross posted from tumblr
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Angst
psychosomatic disorders
Unreliable Narrator
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
but you have to wait a while for the comfort
Self-Hatred
Self-Destruction

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

