Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Ten Years Ago
When Howard had suggested Tony “learn a little about the real world” after his sophomore year of college, Tony thought his dad meant something along the lines of “traveling through Europe” or maybe “Backpacking through New Zealand.”He hadn't realized his dad meant “spend the summer working at some shitty dig site in South America that Stark Industries was helping fund.”He hadn't realized Howard was planning on dropping him in the middle of nowhere to work with other college kids at scraping dirt off of stone carvings and meticulously cataloguing things that Tony had no interest in.It had never even crossed Tony's mind that when Howard suggested he “learn about the world” it was simply code for “your mother and I are traveling all summer and don't trust you to not burn the house down so here, build some character while digging in the dirt in a foreign country.”In fact, if Tony had realized that Howard’s “suggestion” was actually a demand and that he actually had no say in the matter, he probably would have gone home with Rhodey for the summer and avoided all of this.But by the time Tony had put all this together, it was too late and he had been dumped at the work site in some no name country by some no name river.Stepping off the helicopter and onto the ground, Tony's two hundred dollar sneakers had sunk into about two hundred inches of mud and were promptly ruined. The bottom six inches of his favorite jeans as well. The dig manager, Paul or Richard or some other name Tony promptly forgot, had laughed and pulled him free and shoved some cargo pants, work shirts and boots at him before directing him to a building at the back end of the clearing.“Those are the bunks.” Paul--or Richard or whoever-- had said, and slapped Tony on the back hard enough to make him stumble. “Go get changed and get back out here, we are setting a grid for a new area and need all the help we can get.”Tony had been too much in shock and too busy slapping bugs away to bother arguing and next thing he knew he was on his knees in a marked off square carefully digging and sifting dirt and hating his life.“You’re doing that wrong, honey.” Some one crouched down next to Tony and took his tools right out of his hands. “Try it like this. And maybe no sunglasses, you’ll miss the small things because everything’s a little too dim.”“These sunglasses cost more than your car.” Tony had retorted, and an easy laugh caught him off guard.“Spoiled brat, aren't you?”“Excuse me?” Tony had ripped off his sunglasses and stared up--and  up-- into the bluest pair of eyes he had ever seen, set in a perfect face and followed by a smile bright enough to make him reconsider the sunglasses thing. “I mean-- um--”“Hey, it's alright. I'm sure your sunglasses are worth a lot, but here all they are is a hindrance. Besides, why hide those pretty chocolate eyes, huh?”“Um--chocolate...sure. What now?” Tony had forgotten how to talk, and tall blonde and beautiful just smiled more, before showing him exactly how to do whatever the hell he was supposed to be doing with the spade and sifter. Strong hands covered his own, broad shoulders brushing against him as they worked, and every time Tony managed to make his brain work enough to say something, he was rewarded with a gorgeous smile and every once in awhile a wink and a laugh.And Tony had suddenly been  thrilled that his dad had dumped him here.That had been eleven weeks ago, and now the summer was winding down, school starting at the end of the month, and Tony had gone from staring at the dirt in bewilderment, to being the one who set the grids and organized everything they found in the ancient village.He had discovered a love for the history of the region, for uncovering the secrets buried by time and the forest. Archaeology had never been something he had ever considered, but now he was thinking about changing his major to something related. There was something intoxicating about discovering something ancient  , about holding a piece of the past in his hands and Tony was  hooked .Months in the sun had given Tony a golden tan, and what had been a stick thin frame was now wiry muscles from lugging boxes and crates, from trekking down trails to get supplies, and taking heavy equipment to the river to wash. His expensive outfits were replaced by sturdy work clothes, his sunglasses broken and forgotten ages ago, and Tony hadn't put gel in his hair in weeks.Oh and tall, blond and beautiful--  Steve  -- had gone from laughing at him to  kissing  him.After that first awkward meeting, Steve had taken Tony under his wing and tried to help out, teaching him everything he could, helping him with categorizing, and with the harder grids. They had struck up a fast friendship, and then a careful, barely there flirtation and Tony had tried to talk himself out of falling for the blonde every day.It wasn't easy, not when Steve was over six feet of just  muscle  , and blue eyes with a killer smile 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stony - Freeform
Non powered au
Archaeology
Misunderstandings
Pining
Younger Tony Stark
Older steve rogers
Angst
Angst and Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Survival
Explicit Sexual Content
Snarky Tony
sarcastic steve
Shameless Steve
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Steve Rogers
First Times
First Kisses
bed sharing
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Flirty Bucky Barnes
Steve is a BAMF
Tony Is A Genius
Slow Sex
Sweet Sex
Eventual Romance
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

