Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 


Dear Mr. Stark, 


I'm sure you won't remember me, just another intern for the summer. Another pretty face for you to woo….


But I can never forget you. 


You see, a terrible impression wasn't the only thing you left with me, but a son as well. 


If you're reading this, then the danger I fear as come to pass and my son our son’s life is at stake. 


I know you there is a chance you may not trust me, a faceless woman from you past, but I beg you, please help our son, Harry.


Sincerely, 


Lily Potter nee Evans

Tony stared at the letter in his hands. It had appeared on his desk, as if by magic, and he was still working out how. But it was the contents that disturbed him the most.
If this woman was right, he had a son.
Though many women had come forward before and claimed to have had his child - one of the side effects of being Tony Stark - all had been dismissed.
But this one…..
She had included a picture.
A small boy waved out at him. He couldn't have been more than a year or three - he was terrible with children's ages - and the boy looked eerily similar to pictures Tony had of himself at the age. Sure, their eyes were different and the shape of his mouth, not to mention none of Tony’s pictures moved, but the rest of the boy…
“JARVIS.”
“Yes sir?”
“Contact Ms. Davis. I have a new job for her.”
“Right away sir.”
Tony ran his fingertips over the baby in the picture, and the child reached out, almost as if to grab him. He could be wrong and this boy wasn't related to him at all, but he figured it wouldn't hurt to find out. Just in case.
-0-0-0-
“Sir,” JARVIS cut off the loud music in the lab. “I have a message for you.”
“Whatever it is, it can wait. I’m in the middle of something here.” Tony called back and queued up his music once again as he continued to tinker on his latest suit.
JARVIS shut the music off once more. “Sir, it’s from Ms. Davis. She’s found him. She’s waiting for you in London.”
Tony froze. It had been years since he’d received that letter, he’d almost given up hope, and now…  Tony pulled out the well-worn picture. Time and constant unfolding and refolding had created lines in the photo, but Harry’s happy face still smiled out at him. Tony knew this could be nothing, but over the years he’d begun to hope it was something. There was really only one way to find out. “Ready my jet.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
harry as tony's son
Father-Son Relationship
the avengers are all basically parents in this one
Gen Fic
harry potter/avenger crossover
Not Canon Compliant
everythings made up
the timelines dont matter

fandom: 
None
