Chapter 1: Oak & Shield
    


Notes:
This first one is Sentinel/Guide AU I don't know much about this fandom other than it exists and the VERY basics so it's pretty much the basic idea and whatever my head decided it was after that. The basics are Guides apparently have defensive type powers and Sentinels have offensive type powers and they form powerful bonds with one another to become powerful teams.




Chapter Text
Bilbo Baggins, formerly of Bag End, crouched behind a bush and watched the band of Humans slavers until every last one had fallen asleep.

He balanced easily on the balls of his feet, one hand barely touching the ground. The only movement came from the firelight reflecting off his pupils.
The fools hadn’t even bothered to post a watch. His lips pulled back from his teeth in a near feral grin, this would be easy.
Word of the kidnapped children had come nearly a week earlier, and the fact it happened at all rankled.  Either the Humans had been watching, or they had unspeakably good luck. They struck when the Rangers and Bilbo, by pure chance, been on opposite sides of the Shire. It had left a great big open path straight down the middle, and that’s just where they had come.
The failing was inexcusable, especially when there were so few children left anymore. Bilbo had barely slept, and couldn’t remember the last time he eaten. He’d spent his entire time casting outward with his mind, searching endlessly for the children. He was exhausted, both mentally and physically, but he’d cornered his prey at last.
His eyes tracked to the children where they huddled in a miserable group near the back. All were present and seemed relatively unharmed, the sight easing some of the tension Bilbo had carried since they’d been lost.
The six taken were far too young to have manifested as Sentinels or Guides meaning the foul creatures planned to sell them as slaves in various towns and cities. He wasn’t sure why they’d gone so far into the Wild, days from the nearest population but perhaps they already had a buyer lined up and were meeting them.
At the thought Bilbo’s hand, gripping the hilt of his sword, tightened, longing to draw the weapon and kill the lot of them for daring to lay a hand on a Hobbit child.
He controlled himself, though, and instead moved almost without sound until he was far enough he could stand and hurry back to where four Rangers waited in a nearby glade, hooded and cloaked and nearly lost in the shadows.
“They’re asleep,” Bilbo said and, as one, the four Men drew their own weapons.
Bilbo drew his as well and together they slid toward the clearing. As they did Bilbo cast out once more, flinching at the burst of pain to his overtaxed mind, silencing their footsteps beyond what was possible by Human or Hobbit standards.
They drifted into the camp like wisps of smoke, and slit the throats of the slavers before they had a chance to understand what was happening.
Arathorn, the leader of the group, moved immediately to the children and began untying them. They began to cry, one of the boys launching himself at the Ranger and clinging to him the second he was released.
The other three moved in to help once it became clear the boy would not be releasing Arathorn any time soon.
Bilbo, meanwhile, stood silently in the center of the small camp, his sword still drawn.
“Bilbo? Are you all right?”
Bilbo barely glanced over his shoulder. “Something isn’t right.”
It wasn’t the first time he’d felt it. Indeed, since he’d first heard the news something had chewed at the back of his mind, flitting just at the corners of his awareness and then fleeing the second he tried to grasp it. He’d thought it was just the situation but, now, the children were free, the slavers dead, and still the feeling persisted.
Something was very, very wrong.
A howl split the night and Bilbo felt his blood run cold.
Behind him Arathorn stood up, still clutching the young child in his arms. A second clung to his cloak while the others clustered around the three remaining Rangers.
A second howl, closer than the first, cut through the night and suddenly Bilbo understood with a horrible clarity exactly what his subconscious had been trying to tell him all along.
It was a trap.
“Get out,” he ordered Arathorn through gritted teeth. “Take the children and go, now!”
Arathorn shook his head. “We can never outrun them, they’ll catch up. We have to fight.”
“They don’t want you,” Bilbo shot back. He turned to face the tree line and readied his sword, head held high. They’d played him beautifully but he wouldn’t go down without a fight. “They want me. Go now, I’ll hold them off.”
A hulking Warg broke through the edges of the trees, an enormous Orc on its back. Bilbo swallowed.
“Bilbo--”
Bilbo swore and reached a hand back to physically shove one of the Rangers. “They won’t kill me, but they will kill you! GO!”
The Ranger he’d shoved nodded, grabbing two of the children and racing into the night. The others followed. Arathorn hesitated the longes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bilbo Baggins/Thorin Oakenshield
Female Bilbo Baggins/Thorin Oakenshield - Relationship
No Romantic Relationships - Relationship
For Some - Relationship
Bilbo Baggins/Fíli
Bilbo Baggins/Kíli

freeform: 
Alternate Universe one and all
Ignores canon and timeline as the mood strikes
May or may not all become full fledged stories someday
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Dragon Bilbo
Female Bilbo
Arranged Marriage
Slavery
Stargate SG-1 - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Dark
Angst
Drama
Feels
hurt comfort
BAMF Bilbo
Dragons
Alternate Universe - Superheroes/Superpowers
Superpowers
Female Bilbo Baggins/Thorin Oakenshield
Bilbo as Phoenix
Action/Adventure
bagginshield
Thilbo
Thorin is Wolverine
Filbo - Freeform
kilbo - Freeform
Female Bilbo Baggins/Fili - Freeform
Female Bilbo Baggins/Kili - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Dragon Age Fusion
Pirates
Mermaids
Alternate Universe - Fairy Tale
Fairy Tale Elements
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Modern with Magic
Modern Royalty
Alternate Universe - Star Wars Setting

fandom: 
Bilbo Baggins/Thorin Oakenshield
Female Bilbo Baggins/Thorin Oakenshield - Relationship
No Romantic Relationships - Relationship
For Some - Relationship
Bilbo Baggins/Fíli
Bilbo Baggins/Kíli

