Chapter 1: Of Interviews and Rumours
    




Chapter Text
Peter didn't really expected Mr. Stark Tony to offer him a place at Stark Industries, specially as an intern. The fact that he was even supervising him in this superhero thing was crazy enough; to be able to spend more time with him at SI would be way too good to be true. Besides, Aunt May already knew about his night activities so there wasn't any point in trying to make up an excuse for every time Mr. Stark Tony showed up for a visit. Except, Tony didn't seem to agree, neither did Miss Potts. In fact, they even sent Happy to get him from school so they could talk about a new secret project they thought he would be interested in. The secret project (not that secret, really, if they were willing to tell him) was an old idea that never took off because SI used to make weapons and parents tend to not find that a very educational investment for their kids to be a part of. "A Junior Intern Program?" So what if he was caught by surprise? Peter had come to the tower (that had been completely remodeled in order to be the main SI base once more, instead a house for superheroes like it used to be) thinking Tony was going to show him some cool new gadgets for the suit or a new training plan, not a new programme for his company. "Yes. We have been talking and… SI could use some help, some publicity. Tony has more time now, to focus on the company and since you too have been playing mad scientist lately… We thought it was time to bring JIP to life." Staring at them might have not been Peter's best choice because Miss Potts looked at him like she was starting to doubt he was smart enough to understand basic English. Thankfully, Tony stepped in to help him out, because, honestly, Peter didn't know what to think. "We want you to help, kid. You don't have to but the JIP is for kids around your age and Pepper says I need to keep things 'accessible for teenagers that don't have a Stark brain'." "Pun intended", Miss Potts added from her seat with an expression of absolute conviction. Peter couldn't help but to grin. "So, what do you think? Help us out choosing some cool stuff for kids to do and be our first junior intern? Pepper will even give you one of those security cards Happy insists we need to use." Tony arched an eyebrow in Peter's general direction, as if defying him to accept. It was a playful expression that, Peter noticed, Tony only seemed to have around nice people, like Mr. Rhodes and Miss Potts. To see it being casually thrown at him, was both so freaking awesome and terrifying. "Yeah… I mean, it would be an honour, Mr. Stark. It would love to!" Miss Potts’ smile at his response was a mix of relief and faked anger but Tony’s silent raised hand towards her purse explained a lot. Peter decided not to comment on it: he knew which fights to pick. "So, now that's settled, I will call your aunt and invite her over for dinner. We will discuss your participation in this and have her sign your contract. Meanwhile, I believe Mr. Stark has a meeting to prepare and you have homework to do." That was another thing Peter leaned while superhero-ing: Miss Potts hates wasting time, even more than she hates liars. She knows too well that time is money and every second wasted is a second you'll  never  get back. So, when she started pushing Tony towards the door while she pushed a chair back for Peter to sit on, he really wasn't surprised. Amazed by her efficiency?  Obviously . Surprised? Not really, after all, she had been dealing with Tony Stark for over a decade now. So Peter sat down, took out his math books and started studying as Miss Potts went over her usual daily work until it was almost dinner time and Happy announced the fact that Aunt May was arriving at the tower and they should start cleaning up for dinner.  Apparently Mr Stark were paying him  actual money  for him to play “mad scientist” in SI’ labs and suggesting weird experiments for the new Junior Intern Programe. Like,  a lot  of money. Sure it was disguised as 'college fund' and 'health insurance' and other technical names but both May and Peter could see that Mr. Stark was throwing money at Peter for no reason besides the fact that he could. May had tried to refuse but Miss Potts explained her that all future junior interns would have a college fund (even if  way less generous  than Peter's) and a basic medical insurance that was demanded by SI’ contracts. It was mandatory and none of the families would have to pay for anything, as long as the interns worked by the rules and did their best. "We see it as an investment", Tony explained while biting down on some garlic bread. "We make sure these brilliant young students give their best and have the best education possible and, at the same time, make sure Stark Industries will always have the best workers and partners in the market. It's a win-win situation for both the company and the workers." That seemed to convince Aunt May, because she signed the con
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Fix-It of Sorts
Post-Canon
Alternate Universe - Post-Canon
Post-Canon Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team as Family
Family Feels
Family Fluff
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Tony-centric
dad tony stark
Son Peter Parker
BAMF Pepper Potts
Awesome Pepper Potts
Pepper has no time for your bs
Interviews
This is based of that interview
You Know What I'm Talking About
I blame Tom Holland
Author Is Sleep Deprived
confused author is confused
Author loves to chat in the Comments

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts

