Chapter 1: O N E
    




Chapter Text
The thin stripes of the four o'clock sun got in through the open window, the rays glowing against the grey carpet and desk. The barking of street dogs sounded distant on Peter's ears and he wished he could turn up the volume of the music that his computer was playing in the background, he wanted to stand up, close the window and hear clearly Blink-182 over the speakers —But, the constant pressure inside him and the hands gripping painfully his hips, was enough to forget about his second thoughts and ignore the outside world.  "Come on, kid. You can do better." Peter huffed and shook his head, brown curls sticking to his forehead damply. His thighs trembled and his hands rested in the other's stomach when he lifted himself again and fell back down, breathing out softly and trying to move faster, his hips moved in circles when he was getting tired, Tony's firm thrusts meeting him made him gasp and throw his head back as the metal of the base of the top bunk that hit his head everytime he moved up harshly made him groan in frustration, the ringing sound of his head hitting metal, echoed in the small room and the small 'ow' made the man underneath him laugh and smirk with strong hands pinching the boy's sides playfully. "I can't," Peter hissed. "See? Now you're used to me doing all the work," Tony shrugged. "Is not that," The boy rolled his eyes, "Is this," He punched the railings above his head and stopped his body from moving, "I keep hitting my head and you keep laughing." Tony snorted, "It's funny, admit it, baby." "Uhm —No?— It hurts," The younger boy rolled his eyes, "We don't fit here."  "The first time you said I wouldn't fit—" Tony thrusted his hips up against him, "Here," Peter moaned lowly at the motion inside him, "And, by the end of the night you ended up being more opened than a tuna can that was just opened."  "Ew!" Peter slapped his chest and gaped at him, "Why are you always comparing me with food and fucking tuna cans?" "You don't see the resemblance?" "Oh my god," The brown eyed boy covered his face and his groan came out muffled, "My dick is getting soft because of you."  Tony looked down, "Uh, I don't think so, baby," He sighed, "Anyways —I told you, when I arrived, that we should do it in the living room or even better, in the kitchen island; like that one time in my  house. But no, because—" "Aunt May could catch us, Tony," Peter slapped his arm again and whined, "Let's change the position. Please." "You lazy fuck," The man rolled his eyes fondly and sat up unhurriedly as his hands caressed softly the skin of his sides. Peter smiled, kissing his plump lips longingly, "I wanna be on my back." "Don't you always?"  "Not always," The boy gasped when Tony lift him holding his legs around his waist kissing his neck with wet pecks.  "I have a better idea, kid."  And Peter was about to groan at the name and roll his eyes, but he forgot when Tony made him rest his back against the wall with the wet noises and slow touches that prolonged their time. He bite the man's shoulder to silence the moans and whimpers while Tony moved inside him and carried him in the air with the strength Peter craved and desired late at night when Tony talked lowly on the phone. Petee told the man to hurry because his aunt was coming home soon with warm Thai food and he didn't have the heart to say no. - 
MJ 12:50
We're still gon' se eachother today? 
Parker 12:52

Panini's? I want a panini
 
MJ 12:52

With extra cheese, please
 
Parker 12:52

See you there in 10. I'm close by

12:53

Order me the special
 
MJ 12:53

Yes, sir
 
Parker 12:53

And a Sprite
 
MJ 12:54

I'm not your maid, little bitch
 
Parker 12:54

See you there in ten, emo
  When Peter arrived, he stopped before going in to lock his bike in the nearest pole he could find, he smiled and waved at the owner of the place before finding his friend sitting in the corner of the small restaurant. The jacket he was wearing was wet because of the few drops that fell down on his way and his hands were cold when he put them under his armpits to warm them a little and rolled his eyes when Michelle saw him and motioned with a sarcastic smile to the plates and soda on the table. "Hey, freak," Peter flicked his fingers on her temple and sat down across in the boot. "Freak!" She exclaimed and opened her arms, "Hey." "God, I'm starving," The boy moaned and took the sandwich infront of him to take a large bite, "Thanks for ordering, MJ." "You're a pig."  He looked up with lettuce falling of his mouth slightly and smiled at her frown and eyes staring at his mouth, "I didn't eat breakfast." "Really? I thought you were too busy in Stark's house eating his dick," Michelle raised and eyebrow. "Michelle," Peter gritted his teeth as he felt his cheeks going red at the few stared that people gave them, "Lower your voice." She chuckled, "Don't get all shy on me." "Shut up." "So, you were on his house earlier?" Michelle leaned over the small table
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Attempt at Humor
seriously
is an attempt
Peter is in love;)
Older Man/Younger Man
but not underage
Virgin Peter Parker
Tony Stark Feels
Sugar Daddy
With feelings tho
Is not just about the money money
Porn with Feelings
Sex Education
LITERALLY
Tony is showing Peter how to have sex
There's gonna be lots of sex in here
You've been warned
Michelle is the best y'all
Boss/Employee Relationship
Cheating
Unscarred Wade Wilson y'all

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

