Work Text:
Steve is already out for his run when Tony wakes up, which is disappointing. Tony had half-formed hopes of spending his day off lounging around in bed with his boyfriend.
He rolls onto his back. “Jarvis, how long has Steve been running?”
“I believe he should be halfway through his route now, Sir.”
Tony makes a noise in the back of his throat. His ever-racing mind has caught onto the fact that they’re conscious again, so there’s no way he’s going to be able to stay in bed for another hour waiting for Steve to get back.
Instead he climbs out of bed and heads for the shower. As he turns his face into the hot spray, he considers the day splayed out in front of him. Thanks to running SI and being an Avenger- which turns out to be too much like another full time job- he hasn’t been able to steal a whole day off in over a month.
He briefly considers the workshop, but decides against it. His tablet should be enough for today: unless Godzilla attacks, he’s determined to have a lazy day hanging around the Tower.
Given the spirit of the day, he searches his drawers for his most comfortable summer clothes. He finds his favourite black yoga pants first, which have so far been used for yoga exactly once a decade ago before turning into his lazing-around pants. Then he finds an old MIT shirt, the one that cuts off just above his navel. It had been a practical joke by Rhodey, one that backfired wholeheartedly, and he feels himself smile as he pulls it on.
As he makes his way to the door, he catches himself in the mirror and pauses. He’s been a fan of crop-tops for decades, and while he doesn’t make a habit of wearing them in public he can definitely rock one around the Tower. It also doesn’t hurt that he’s put on some muscle since turning to the superhero gig; muscle that shows in the small, straining sleeves of the shirt and the long strip of stomach showing below where the shirt stops.
Also-
He tilts himself at an angle in the mirror. Another reason why he likes these pants- comfortable and very flattering to what Pepper once dubbed his ‘bubble butt’ while tipsy at a fundraiser. She had tried to take it back and refused to acknowledge it the next day, but Tony had taken it and is still rolling with it.
“Not bad for forty-three,” he says aloud.
JARVIS makes a noise that isn’t unlike a throat clearing. “Forty-four, Sir.”
“Lies and slander,” Tony says mildly, and heads out to sprawl on the couch for the foreseeable future, or at least until he gets hungry enough to get up.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forty minutes later, he’s warming himself into a pleasant stupor in a sunning chair that someone carried over from a balcony a week ago. Food isn’t a problem and won’t be until Bucky stops handing him popsicles, or if Tony’s body starts doing this annoying thing where it starts protesting if he doesn’t eat anything of substance after 12 hours or so. He must be getting old.
“Thanks,” Tony says when Bucky passes and presses another popsicle into his hand. He doesn’t bother opening his eyes as he brings it to his mouth- partly out of laziness and partly so he can get a nice surprise at finding out the flavour. This one’s cherry, which is his second-favourite after apple, which he’s already had two of.
A new voice joins the low hum of chatter, which is muffled under the background noise of the TV. “Nice shirt, Stark.”
It’s Natasha, sounding strangely- smug, maybe?- for reasons Tony doesn’t much care to know.
“I know,” Tony says, not opening his eyes. He tilts his head back, lets out a satisfied sigh and rearranges himself on the chair. The sun climbs another inch of his abs when his shirt rides up with the motion.
Today’s a good day, Tony thinks contentedly, and continues sucking lazily on the popsicle.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Steve is still panting by the time he makes it to the communal floor of the Tower. It’s one of those days where he finds himself crossing the road so he can be on the shady side while he runs.
He heads up to the bathroom. Tony isn’t in the bedroom when he cuts through it to get the shower, which means he’s up oddly early for a day off, but Steve doesn’t think much of it as he strips down and washes the sweat off him, changing into a fresh set of civvies and placing his workout clothes into the washbasket.
“JARVIS,” he says as he heads to the elevator. “Where is everyone?”
“Apart from Thor, the Avengers are all in the communal lounge, Captain.”
“Thanks, JARVIS.” Steve pockets his hands and steps in the elevator. They’re probably watching another season of Community, or whatever sitcom they’re ploughing through this month. Last month it was Friends, which Steve expected to take longer, but they managed to get through ten seasons in record time.
Steve is trying to remember what the last episode of Community he’d seen when he steps out into the communal lounge and spots most of his team spread out over two couches and a chair. The TV is on- Community, and definitely not an episode Steve has seen- but no-one seems to be watching it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Jealous Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

