Chapter 1: Old Habits
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  It had been a rough few years.Understatement of the century... The near world-ending wrath that Thanos had brought upon the people of Earth had resulted in one saving grace: Collaboration.  Forgiveness.  The Avengers had re-assembled, paired side by side with the Galaxy's mightiest heroes, as well as any other individual on earth who had the strength (and bravery) to help stop a powerful being who was hell-bent on their destruction. And by some miracle... they had actually won. But the victory was not without it's consequences and casualties; it's losses, on both sides.While the remaining heroes and civilians began to take head-counts, and look for loved ones in their respective (slightly more mangled) cities – Tony found himself in, yet another, life changing predicament.Of course he had arranged for the people he cared for (Pepper, Happy, etc) to be in the safest place possible, alongside those family and friends related to his teammates. A reinforced bunker with all the fixings had seemed like the most logical choice when the world was coming to an end. But the bunker hadn't exactly been tested against more powerful, “bejeweled” galactic beings – and as a result, more than half the bunker had been destroyed in the chaos. And with it, multiple causalities. Luck had been on Tony's side (which seemed to happen more often than not; more than he deserved, he'd be the first to admit), since Pepper and Happy were relatively unscathed aside from a broken bone or two, and a few contusions. But May Parker had not been so lucky. Fishing her out of the rubble had been a horrifying experience - amplified by twenty - since there was a distraught teenager by his side watching it all unfold as they pulled her out.Peter had been borderline hysterical with worry (and rightly so), and inconsolable with the fear that he'd lose yet another family member. Natasha had been quick to prick him with a strong sedative, so that the healers and doctors on site could work uninterrupted. Tony had immediately taken the unconscious sixteen-year-old into his arms, and carried him back toward the half standing Avengers compound. May, and the others who were being treated, were all rushed over so their recovery could begin. Tony could only thank his foresight in designing a number of medical-bays within the compound, since the underground labs and equipment there had all managed to survive the attack.It was pretty touch and go around the clock. For days. More and more heroes stopped in – mutants, humans, and enhanced superhumans alike; all bearing loved ones, or simply there to ask how they could help.Tony would have been touched by the show of camaraderie if he hadn't been so invested in Peter's well being. The kid had been angry after waking up, still woozy from the drug on Day 2. But after a pep talk from Cap and Tony, he'd reluctantly understood why calming him down had been necessary. But it didn't make things better. Especially not when (even after being worked on by multiple doctors and a few talented mutant-healers), May remained unconscious. Tony and Peter had been reassured by those who'd helped keep the woman alive that she was, in fact, alive. But with the extent of her injuries and the trauma sustained... remaining in a coma would be the best thing for her. So... life continued. Humans and heroes worked together to rebuild what was destroyed, and clean up the aftermath. Funerals were held, memorials were raised, and everyone tried to remember what a 'normal' life looked like.Peter hadn't returned to school. He'd kept himself busy helping rebuild and regroup areas of the city that needed it. Tony had followed along. Some part of his brain had immediately rewired itself into thinking that he was now this kid's guardian. He'd dragged Peter into this, and as a result, was directly responsible for the situation he was now in. Cap and the others had each taken turns talking to him; reassuring Tony it wasn't his fault, and given the sheer scope of the threat and all-hands-on-deck mentality... that Peter would have been dragged into the battle with or without Tony's say so. And if he hadn't ensured May and their other loved-ones were as secure as possible in that bunker, "that spitfire hottie from Queens might be dead, instead of in a coma." (Well put, Clint.)It sounded so simple laid out like that. But Tony wasn't interested in making himself feel better about everything that had happened. He wanted Peter to feel better. He wanted back the kid who had that boundless energy; who would talk your ear off, give you earnest smiles, and tease you with that sheepish-but-sharp wit of his.“War changes people, Tony.” Rhodey had reminded him one day. They all knew it. Tony just hadn't wanted Peter to know it. Not yet. Not until he was older. By the time Peter was about to turn seventeen, the world had slowly started turning again
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Dad!Tony
Father-Son Relationship
Angst
Fluff
Heavy Drinking
Fix-It
Tony Has Issues
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Angst with a Happy Ending
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
May is in a coma
but not dead
I love her too much to kill her
Post Infinity War
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Team as Family
There will likely be an epilogue
Because I'm a sucker for a happy/fun ending
Not infinity war compatible
this was written before that film came out
hinted relationship
Drunk Tony
mean tony
but don’t worry
he will fix it eventually
Avengers as family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

