Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Oh but I know you'll cause me grief
Close friends of mine are in disbelief
As they can see what's underneath
Fluttering lashes, red lips, and pearly white teeth
 Tony Stark had hunted down Spiderman for his skills. The supernatural kind that allow the kid to scale walls and hang upside down from lamp-posts.  Not because the child was a literal genius. An untapped prodigy. Yet, when he'd explained the mechanics to Peter's gifted spider-suit and had the kid not only nod along with his technical jargon but make suggestions for upgrade systems to integrate, Tony knew. This bite-sized bundle of muscle and super human strength was his equal.After the arrest of Adrian Toomes, they became surprisingly close. Or at least surprisingly to everyone around them."You don't even like kids," Pepper had said with a suspicious glare."I'm glad your work hasn't lagged during your... tutoring sessions," Happy had chimed in during a conversation about something otherwise mundane.These idiots thought he was fucking the kid. The child. The boy. The absolutely captivating scientist that knew about subjects beyond his years and harbored the humility not to brag or lord his knowledge over his fellows.Scratch "equal." Peter was Tony's better. Not a match but a man leaps and bounds more generous and well-behaved.What a catch Peter would be if he weren't fifteen. What a truly magnificent specimen to collect, improve, and devour. Eighteen was only three years away. Roughly two considering how close Peter was on the heels of Sweet 16.  Sweet, delectable, barely almost fucking sixteen.Perhaps even fuckable. Was it suspicious to look up age of consent in NYC? Sixteen sounded about right (although he admits he never did look it up in case he was wrong). It would still ruin his company if anyone found out... but Tony could at least wait that long? Avoid jail, despite the risk of public ridicule. A few months. After all, he'd only known the kid a few months. It would give them time to grow closer.He could do this. Hold back. Leer and fantasize and touch himself in the shower while feeling every bit the pervert he was.As always, they're in his home lab.  Testing the components of Peter's spiderwebs. The boy just looks so fucking adorable in his simple outfit. Tony tries to hold back, just a little longer, he tells himself, but the way Peter moves around the table doing something as simple as rearranging lab equipment for the next experiment, forces heat to flare within the older man. Low in his belly. Edging him closer and closer to all out arousal.Fuck. Who was Tony kidding? He'd never had an ounce of patience in his life. Tony knows he needs the boy, immediately."Kid, put some goggles on. I'm not trying to see you lose an eye," Tony grumbled as he crossed his home laboratory to throw another sticky substance into the bucket of rejected polymers he'd asked Peter to synthesize.Peter rolls his eyes, "I'm not stupid ya know." He says, but snaps the goggles on anyway."Put on some gloves, too," Tony insists as he continues to lean on a counter with no goggles, gloves, or even a lab coat. He sips from a tumbler full of something amber for a moment before perking a brow at the boy."As if you're wearing any." Peter grumbles, but follows the man's orders."Good boy," he says, pausing to meet the kid’s eyes. Peter looks back and feels something flutter inside him at the endearment and decides to meet Tony's gaze warily."Did you bring your suit?" Tony asks and the boy undoes the top few buttons of his shirt, revealing the colored fabric underneath.Tony sits his glass down. Eyes the crisp, brown slacks and department store button-up Peter has on. "I didn't expect you to wear it."He shrugs, "Never know when you're going to need it. Always be prepared, right?""Well, now, I hope you're prepared to strip.""W-what?" Peter balks... "Why?""I mean, I could just bend you over my lap and shove a usb up your ass.""Mr. Stark!" He says, already high voice squeaking further.Tony laughs. He pushes away from the counter to approach the boy. Slow and predatory just to intimidate the kid, "Don't act so shy, dear. You know I'd never hurt you."He feels hot and takes a step back, "What are you doing, sir?" He looks down at the ground, feeling shy and uncomfortable but... not in a bad way?Tony stops in front of the boy. Extends a hand to push aside Peter's collar with the back of his index finger."Mr. Stark..." Peter says hushed, his breathing is coming in short and the touch feels electric."Hmm?" Tony asks, absently. He pulls another hand up to undo a few more buttons. Index finger and thumb climbing over each other at each plastic disc."Why are you doing that..?" He asks, not daring to think what he wants to."I've got to have access to the suit for this experiment and you're acting like a shy little boy.""O-oh." He says, "Can I like… use a room or something?"Tony tugs on the boy's lapels a bit. Draws his body up closer to Peter's. His breath hot and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Light Dom/sub
light primal play
Biting
Scratching
Anal Sex
improper use of Stark technology
Peter's spidey skills come in handy
(more like cum in handy)
Tony makes bad dad jokes
(since he's a daddy)
marriage kink
Coming Untouched
Watersports
Cumplay
Mild Cumflation
Excessive Cumshots
Derogatory Language
(used in foreplay)
No Refractory Period
Painplay
Rape Roleplay
Come Eating
Feminization
(only mentioned)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
frequent references to group sex
Polyamorous Character
Bisexual Male Character
Declarations Of Love
Forbidden Love
Tony is a bad dom
(Temporarily)

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

