Chapter 1: Crossing Threads
    




Chapter Text
It was night in Hell’s Kitchen, and the beasts that stalked its dark corners were quiet.It was possible the weather had chased them all underground: New York City was riding the tail-end of a heatwave that had held the residents in its furnace-hot grip for weeks. During the day, the sun was intent on boiling the metropolis alive, the hum of a.c. units a never-ending chorus as stray dogs panted and sprawled in whatever puddles they could find. That same heat now clung like carnival taffy to the streets, lingering even under the relative respite of night, though the beginnings of a breeze tonight heralded a coming storm that promised welcome relief.Of course, it was equally possible that the uneasy quiet was due to whispers… the slowly spreading rumours of the mysterious man in black, the man in the mask. He'd supposedly ruffled quite a few feathers in this little slice of NYC. Word even had it he’d gained the attention of the Russian Mob thanks to his constant harrying of their criminal enterprises, along with his penchant for ferociously beating the ever-loving shit out of any other troublemaker he found along the way.
Reckless with anger issues. That’s a healthy combination.
Not that any of it was your concern. No, sir. You did your best to keep your head down when it came to things like mobs and crime rings and vigilantes in masks. It wouldn't do to draw too much attention to yourself. That way led to things like capture and dissection. You’d give a hard pass to that. Instead, you rented your little studio apartment, paid your bills, kept to yourself, and did your job to the best of your ability.Speaking of which…You ran your thumb over the wood in your hand, stepping up to the roof’s edge and squinting out at the city as you did so. The wood was leading you in the direction of the water, that much you could tell, but whether your goal stopped between here and there was anyone’s guess. Despite the heat, you’d been doing this for a few hours already, working slowly and patiently like a hound following a scent. Technically you were on a clock, so your tortoise methods may have seemed counterintuitive, but you had to be careful. Taking a cab would’ve been too suspicious since you had no idea where you were going or where this would take you, and owning a car in NYC didn’t appeal to your wallet. That meant you were on foot, and hoofing it carried its own set of problems. If you followed the trail into the wrong alley, that was it: no iron suit or magic hammer would be there to save you from a bullet to the skull.“What I wouldn’t give for a shield…” you muttered. You tugged at your jacket and the sweat-soaked shirt underneath to loosen it from your skin. You’d contemplated ditching the jacket but frankly, you had too much shit to carry, and the light leather offered a little more protection than the simple cotton of your shirt. “Or at least some rain.”“You’re not the only one.” You startled at the stranger’s voice, dropping the hunk of wood and reaching for the tactical knife hidden in your jacket as you twisted to face him. Just the weight of the hilt in your hand would have been a comfort, even if you didn’t draw it, but he was too quick. A shadow broke away from the darkness beside the rooftop bulkhead and just like that he was on top of you, his fingers closed in an iron grip around your wrist and preventing you from drawing your blade. Your free hand got twisted surprisingly gently behind your back, his body a hair’s breadth from your front. His stance, one leg close to yours, told you he was prepared to hook your feet right out from under you and send you to the ground. “Please don’t,” the man in black warned, his voice soft and dangerous. “Don’t make this a fight. My night’s been going well until now.”You glanced up, shuddering at the masked face. Only his stubbled jaw and frowning mouth were exposed, the rest of his features covered in black fabric that left you unsure of where his gaze lay. Even under the getup, you could tell he was lean and hard with muscle, though the steel in his grip would have been enough of a hint. You sucked in a breath, catching snatches of scent: sweat, leather, and blood. He shifted just a little, his thigh unintentionally brushing yours. The positioning, close enough to feel the radiating heat from his body, to press your mouth to his if you wanted, would have been mildly erotic if you weren’t scared shitless. A droplet of sweat rolled down the back of your neck.
How the hell isn’t he dying inside all of that?
“Alright, alright.” You wince, unclenching your fingers from the handle of your knife, though he didn’t release your hand immediately. “Can’t blame a girl for being nervous.”He let your hand drop, before reaching into your jacket. Bizarrely, his hand made its way immediately into the pocket sewn inside, pulling your knife out as if he’d known exactly where it was all along. He stepped back, spinning the blade around in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock/Reader
Daredevil/reader
Matt Murdock/AFAB Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Eventual Romance
Eventual Smut
Matt Murdock Needs a Hug
Humor
Fluff
Human Disaster Matt Murdock
Mutant Reader
Matt Murdock Gets Some God Damned Support
Hurt Matt Murdock
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Attempted Sexual Assault
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood
Off screen Torture
Sharing a Bed
Miscommunication
Angst
Slow Burn
No use of y/n
Watch me make up legal shit
Friends to Lovers
Mutual Pining
BAMF Matt Murdock
Sleepy Cuddles
Eventual Happy Ending
psychic mutual masturbation oops
Touch-Starved Matt Murdock
Protective Matt Murdock
Vague references to child abuse (warning before chapter)
PTSD
cuddling for warmth
Hypothermia
Scent Marking
Oral Sex
Drowning
unrelated to the aforementioned oral sex obviously
Found Family

fandom: 
Matt Murdock/Reader
Daredevil/reader
Matt Murdock/AFAB Reader

