Work Text:
There are few important facts that Nick Fury knows about Tony Stark.
Fact: The Ten Rings kidnapped him and tried to break him, made him feel helpless, and killed his one and only friend in that desert.
         Result: The Ten Rings burned.
Fact: Obadiah Stane betrayed him, played him and almost killed Pepper Potts.
         Result: Obadiah Stane died.
Fact: Ivan Vanko tried to humiliate him, destroy everything he had worked for and kill him.
         Result: Ivan Vanko died.
Fact: Justin Hammer tried to discredit him, humiliate him and destroy his company.
         Result: Justin Hammer is incarcerated.
Fact: Aldrich Killian tried to kill him and succeeded in harming Pepper Potts.
         Result: Aldrich Killian died.It does not take a goddamn genius to realize that Stark’s enemies have a habit of ending up either dead or in prison.Mostly dead. And Stark always walks away smelling like roses, and if that doesn’t send a worrying message about the genius’ influence nothing else does.Here’s what else Nick Fury knows: Steve Rogers betrayed Stark like no one else but Stane had managed before.And, somehow, it all ended up on his desk for him to deal with.Goddamn Avengers. … The thing is, Nick respects Stark.He’s sure that nobody else besides the man himself and Coulson knows this – and Potts perhaps, because she is scarily perceptive – and he has no intention of letting it become a public knowledge.Still, he does respect him and has a healthy wariness about the man’s ability to play people like puppets when it suits him and so he is not terribly surprised when Stark manages to spin the latest disaster in a way that makes him the hero of the day.Never mind that he is, in fact, a hero. The media has never really concerned itself with truth when Stark was the person in question and the man himself mostly let them write whatever the hell they wanted. Nick suspects that the stories and interviews and the stupid questions bore the inventor to death so he does not even try.Apparently, he only needs the right motivation.Fuck. … “Doctor Stark, are you implying that Captain America has broken countless laws, killed the members of law enforcement and endangered civilians to protect a legendary HYDRA assassin?”“I am saying that when Steve Roger looks at the Winter Soldier he does not see a wanted criminal. He sees Bucky Barnes, his best friend since childhood who could not have possibly done all those terrible things. I’m sure that in his mind he had done the right thing by protecting his friend, but I think that we can all agree that he certainly didn’t go about it the right way.”
“And you are saying that Bucky Barnes was the reason for the so-called Civil War. Doesn’t Steve Rogers still claim that he was only fighting against the injustice of the Sokovia Accords?”

“Christine, I’m going to tell you a little secret. Rogers did not even read the Accords.”

“Excuse me?”

“Yes, my reaction too. In fact, he did not even know about them until Secretary Ross and yours truly brought them to his attention. He was provided with a few pages long summary that he’d skimmed over – and I should know, I was there – and promptly declared that the safest hands are our own.”

“That is… Well, I did not expect that.”
“Right? You would think that he would at least try to find out what he was fighting against. And if you want even more proof, I’m just going to mention the fact that Rogers did not involve himself in the Accords business until Barnes was accused of the Vienna bombing.”
“But there is evidence that James Barnes is innocent of bombing.”
“And we did not have it at the time. All of us – including myself – thought he was guilty and sent the appropriate personnel to apprehend him. And if Rogers had wanted to prove his friend’s innocence, he should have gone through the official channels. Collapsing a tunnel in Bucharest was not a correct response.”
“Some may argue that the unlawful imprisonment of Clint Barton, Sam Wilson and Wanda Maximoff proved his point about corruption of the Accords Council.”
“Well, then I would argue that the action was not sanctioned by the Council and was, in fact, done by the order of Secretary Ross, who is, incidentally, going to answer for his actions in front of the court. That only proves that there may be some corrupted individuals behind the Accords – as there are everywhere else really – but that those individuals will face the consequences of their actions.”
 
… It takes Potts three days to find out that Nick is the sorry bastard stuck with this clusterfuck, doing his best to make sure it won’t make life more difficult for what is left of the SHIELD.She visits him.By now, Nick’s not even surprised that she knows he’s alive.She comes in, dressed in a demure white suit and killer heels, a file in her hand and a sharp smile that tries to pass as polite on her face.“I thought that I should inform you that SI decided to sue Steve Rogers for assault on Mr. Stark,” she says, right from the start.“G
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nick Fury & Avengers Team
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
News Media
Social Media
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Nick Fury & Avengers Team
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Natasha Romanov

