Work Text:
“No.”“Pleeeaaaase?”
“No.”
Wade flopped dramatically in the high-backed chair. “Is this still about the double-date thing? Because we thought that was a super-fun evening.”Stephen Strange leaned towards him, somewhat menacingly. “You put the reservation under Dr. and Mrs. Petro Spiddermun.”Wade blinked at him from behind his mask. “I take protecting my Spidey’s identity very seriously. Perhaps you can’t understand that being all omniscient—““I am not omniscient,” Dr. Strange corrected, as close to losing his cool as Wade had ever seen him (well except for that one time with Bob [and also on the double-date {cool had been lost then fo sho}]). “If I were omniscient, I would have known not to let you anywhere near my love life. And since I’m not getting laid right now and that’s your fault, then no, I am not going to shrink you so that you can ride around in Peter’s pocket.”Wade folded his arms, petulantly. “Just because you couldn’t seal the deal—“And that had been the wrong thing to say and Wade considered himself pretty lucky that he only ended up bamfed back to Queens, still in the high-backed chair. Sighing and cursing, and leaving the chair where it was because he wasn’t sure what else to do with it and it did not match the décor in their apartment, he slouched off to meet Peter for crime-fighting.“We’ll think of something else, babe,” Peter reassured as he yoinked five of the fifteen Boss Drug Dealers they were fighting into a neat web. “Maybe Wanda could shrink you?”“It was a stupid idea anyway,” Wade groused as he nabbed a Boss Drug Dealer who was trying to get the drop on Spidey by the arm, possibly breaking it in three places. By accident. “If we’re gonna stay kinkier than the Greatest Generation Triad, I’ve got to come up with something better than shrinking.”“It was not a stupid idea. But,” Spider-man paused briefly from trussing up the now neutralized Boss Drug Dealers, “I like you big.”Wade giggled, which seemed to frighten the Boss Drug Dealer he was dragging towards the pile of unconscious baddies. “Is that right, Webs?”“Oh, yes,” Peter purred at Wade’s special crime-fighting-only nickname for him. Just as Spidey and Deadpool drew close to each other, they both realized that the baddy Wade was dragging was still conscious. “You’re having a craaaazy dream Mr. Boss Drug Dealer,” Peter told the man, who looked somewhat relieved when Spider-man tapped him between the eyes to make him pass-out.Once they’d gotten home and Peter had demonstrated to Wade exactly how much he liked him big, the two lay sprawled on their bed together, still in their suits but without masks (because mask-kissing was just too hard but suit-sexing was worth it). Wade watched Peter’s face grow relaxed and soft as he drifted to sleep, and he couldn’t help but coo a little. His Spidey was so beautiful awake, but there was something sublime about seeing his normally-super-animated face go completely still, as if he didn’t have a care in the world. He reached out and stroked Peter’s cheek ever so gently with the backs of his fingers, and Peter nuzzled into the touch, not opening his eyes but wriggling a bit in a way that made Wade’s pants too tight. He also had a weird fetish for Peter in his suit but not his mask – he just looked so noble, like a prince or something.The combination of all of these things – sleepy-pretty-Peter, no-mask-but-suit, pants-too-tight – gave Wade the inspiration he’d been looking for.“Hey, Spidey.”“Mmm?” came the sleepy reply.“You know sometimes after we have post-crime-fighting sex you fall asleep before me because you’re oh-so-very-small and need lots of rest?”Peter’s face crinkled slightly in irritation, probably at the oh-so-very-small part, but he still replied, “Mmhmm.”Wade swallowed. It was unlikely that Peter would balk at this idea given the variety of activities they already engaged in, but there was always that chance. “Sometime, would it be okay if, once you fell asleep, I were to – touch you? In your Special Places? With my Special Places?”Peter was still for a moment, and Wade was afraid he’d either fallen totally asleep or was disgusted. “You mean like sleep sex?” he finally murmured in his adorable sleepy voice.“Yes!” Wade replied, relieved. “Sleep sex. Would that be okay?”Peter opened one eye at him. “Babe, you can always do sex to me, you don’t need to ask.”“No no,” Wade scolded, landing a few light spanks on Peter’s spandex-clad ass, which just made him squirm obscenely. “I must always have your explicit consent, silly bear, even now that we’re all gross and almost-married.”But Wade didn’t get to lecture him any further because evidently the mere whisper of spanking had brought Peter back from Sleep Land and he pulled Wade down on top of him like so much giant squid. The tiniest and most precious of giant squids, Wade thought as he attempted to remove his pants.“I would love for you to do sex to me while I’m asleep,” Peter shared as he helped Wade get their suits off without
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Somnophilia
Consensual Somnophilia
top!wade
Bottom!Peter
Rimming

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

