Chapter 1: The One Where Steve Meets The Hot Neighbor
    




Chapter Text
Steve first met the omega at midnight, out on the fire escape. They kind of surprised each other; Steve suited up and in a rush to get to his bike outside, and the omega coming up the fire escape, dressed all in black and smelling so strongly of sex and pheromones that once his scent hit Steve's nose, it shocked him into stillness.Steve hadn't come face to face with a male omega since coming out of the ice, and this one was certainly easy on the eye. Dark wavy hair down to his shoulders, bright blue eyes smudged with Kohl. His lips plump and pink, parted in surprise as he crouched on the railing, caught in his ascent. He looked feral, beautiful, and he smelled incredible.Steve faltered, unsure what to say. He hadn't exactly announced to his neighbors that Captain America had taken up residence.The omega extended his hand, and a switch-blade flicked out."Whoa," Steve said, holding his hands up. He tried to project calm. "No need for that, pal. I'm just trying to get downstairs.""On my fire escape?" the guy scoffed.His voice was husky, and it sent an involuntary shiver down Steve's spine."Um. Well, I live here," Steve admitted. "And I'm in kind of a rush.""You live here?" The omega sounded sceptical, and was still pointing the knife at him."I'm Steve." He waved his fingers. "Steve Rogers. I'm in 4B. And I really gotta go, so if you wouldn't mind..."The omega frowned lightly, and looked Steve up and down. He must've noticed the shield and the costume, as his eyes widened. "Oh," he said in surprise. "Shit, you're..." He quickly retracted his knife, slipped it back inside his jacket. "I'm sorry, I didn't know. I... I'm in 5B.""Right above me." Steve smiled easily.And that explained where the omega scent had been coming from these last three weeks."Just moved in, huh?""Um. Yeah." The omega moved to stand up, showing how tall and lean he was.Steve probably had a few inches and maybe fifty pounds on him, but this omega wasn't a small guy."I'm Bucky," he said softly. "I didn't mean to... uh, you startled me, is all.""I think we startled each other," Steve said. "Good to meet you, Bucky. I'm sorry, but I gotta go. There's a situation.""Oh, sure thing." Bucky pressed himself back against the brick, giving Steve room to pass.And yeah, Steve maybe could've vaulted down the two floors to the dumpster below, but brushing past a gorgeous omega was something even he couldn't resist.Bucky tensed as Steve moved carefully past him, and Steve held his breath so he wasn't inhaling Bucky's scent up close.When he was safely on the next set of steps down, Steve glanced over his shoulder and gave a quick salute. "Thanks. Have a good night, Bucky.""You too," Bucky told him. "Stay safe, yeah?"Steve paused, surprised at the tone in Bucky's voice, like he genuinely cared about Steve's well-being.Steve smiled back at him. "Will do." Then he hurried down the steps as quietly as he could. When he reached the bottom Steve glanced up just in time to see a black clad leg and boot slipping into the window of apartment 5B.It was kinda nice to think he'd talked to one of his neighbors, finally. And that said neighbor was so attractive.Score one for being sociable, Steve commended himself. Then he got on his bike, and roared off onto the main street. ~ Over the next couple of weeks, Steve thought about his omega neighbor. Especially when his scent drifted down into Steve's apartment, because that was pretty distracting.Steve hadn't been around many omegas since the serum and his enhanced sense of smell. Any of the omegas in the army would've likely taken suppressants at the time, and there'd always been plenty of pungent alpha musk to drown everything else out.The scent of the omega upstairs, of Bucky, was fairly strong; like he was regularly in heat. Either that or the guy was getting laid a lot, because there were a lot of sexed up pheromones in the air.Steve went out for a walk when it got particularly bad.Maybe bad wasn't the word for it, but Steve hadn't had any sex at all since waking up, and it'd been a few months. Smelling such an intense omega scent on a regular basis was like sweet torture. It was two whole weeks later when they next bumped into each other. Steve was coming back from his morning run. Bucky was checking his mail in the hallway when Steve came into the building."Oh, hey!" Steve said, sounding eager even to his ears. "Good morning!"Bucky startled at first, seeming just as jumpy as last time, but visibly relaxed when he saw it was Steve.Then his eyes drifted down, checking out Steve's body. Steve felt buoyed by that, and pleasantly surprised."Morning," Bucky eventually replied, looking up at Steve as he neared. In the daylight it was easy to see how gorgeous Bucky was. Tall, lithe and physically fit, dressed in tight black clothes again, and with a light scarf around his neck, probably to cover his scent glands.His face was pretty, but his jawline st
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
ABO
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating
Knotting
Alpha Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Shy Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Sex Worker Bucky Barnes
masseuse Bucky
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
They all need a hug
Slow Burn
Romantic Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Neighbors
Domestic
Roommates
Friends to Lovers
Cute
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Top Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Smut
Shameless Smut
Intersex
Intersex Bucky Barnes
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Mpreg
Temporary Break Up
Hurt/Comfort
Pining
Mutual Pining
Surprise Baby
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Avengers Family
Families of Choice
Domestic Avengers
Nursing
Male Lactation
Nannies
Learning to Parent
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Undercover Missions
avengers on a mission
Undercover
Spy Stuff
Action/Adventure
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
X-Men Cameos
Alternate Universe - X-Men Fusion
Heat Sex
Squirting Orgasm
Multiple Orgasms
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Angst with a Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

