Work Text:
Thor huffed as he half-heartedly checked his body for his soul mate mark. Centuries ago he’d reached the age in which a mark should have appeared on his body that would signify something of great importance to his soul mate. He wasn’t too troubled that his mark had not appeared yet; it meant his soul mate had yet to be born.It irked him having to wait though. He was a prince of Asgard; he waited for no one, yet his soul mate insisted that he do so.Even the troublesome Loki had received his mark before Thor.Thor muttered to himself as he picked up his clothes off the floor and dressed himself.He refused to believe he was one of the unfortunate beings in the universe who was destined to have no match in life.
Thor threw back his head and laughed as he watched his sparring partner limp away. It was a fine day in Asgard, and Thor had been itching for a worthy foe to spar with, yet all of his father’s men had proved themselves unable to beat him.The sun beat down on Thor, warming him and causing sweat to flow from him as freely as a spring.He hiked up his shirt and tossed it aside as the remainder of his father’s men decided amongst themselves who should be Thor’s next opponent.“Come now,” Thor cheered. “All of you may attack me at once if you feel it will better your odds.”All of his father’s men stopped and stared at Thor.Thor guffawed. “Should I take your silence as surrender?”“My prince,” one of the men began but fell silent. He gestured at Thor’s chest.Thor frowned and looked down.Thor gasped.A glowing blue mark had appeared on his chest, right over his heart.Thor couldn’t bring himself to touch the mark that glowed as brightly as the stars themselves.His soul mate was someone far more precious than he’d ever imagined.
Tony hunched and gripped his shoulders as he stared at his back in the mirror.A golden lightning bolt glowed on his back. It started between his shoulder blades and reached just the edge of his cradle.Tony shuddered.The lightning bolt was cool (maybe his soul mate was an engineer or an electrician), but the glow…Tony grimaced.No one else had a mark that glowed.He was enough of a freak already. He didn’t need this. He didn’t need some glowing tattoo screwing up his life any more than it already was.Tony grabbed his shirt off the floor and tugged it back on.Skin grafts. Not a real one. He’d never be able to pull off getting the surgery without his dad noticing, and his dad would never let him go through with removing the mark. He needed to make a skin synthetic and attach it to his back. He could make up a mark or get a real tattoo and pass it off as a soul mark. Maybe he’d make it a lightning bolt in honor of his soul mate.Tony pondered the possibilities.
Thor thought he felt a prickle along his chest as the man in red armor rammed into him.Thor grunted as he stood. The man in armor had raised his golden faceplate, giving Thor a view a face underneath the mask.“Do not touch me again,” Thor threatened.“Then don’t take my stuff.”“You have no idea what you are dealing with.”“Uh…” the man made a show of looking over his shoulder before facing Thor again. “Shakespeare in the park? Doth mother know you weareth her drapes?”Thor’s anger and frustration rose. Loki would face Asgardian justice and he would not let any man stand in his way. He told the man in armor as much, but the man did not heed Thor’s warning.Feigning defeat, Thor turned as if to retreat then flung Mjolnir at the man. The man sailed through the air and crashed into a tree.The real fight began. 
The battle of New York was over, and Tony was happily avoiding Thor as much as possible, which wasn’t at all difficult since the god-–demi-god (whatever)–-was obsessed with his brother and communicating with Asgard at the moment.Tony was a genius. He may have given up on ever finding his soul mate years ago, but that didn’t mean he was incapable of recognizing when his soul mate was standing right in front of him.Tony had a glowing lightning bolt on his back. If his soul mate wasn’t the god of thunder himself, then Tony would praise Hammer Tech.  Tony was at SHIELD when his hand brushed against Thor’s on accident. They’d just been passing in the hall. Thor had been looking sullen yet determined after having spoken to his brother, whereas, Tony had just finished talking to Fury about some tech upgrades.It was just bad timing and poor luck that they happened to be in the hall at the same time and that their hands brushed.The moment there was skin to skin contact between them, figurative lightning raced through Tony’s nerves to his heart.In an instant, Tony was manhandled and spun around.Thor’s eyes landed on the arc reactor. “I saw, but I did not see.”Tony kept his features calm and collected. So Thor’s mark was the reactor? Of course it was.  “Kind of really missed the target there, didn’t you, Point Break?”Thor’s eyes darted from Tony’s chest to his face. “Aye.” Thor nodded slowly and swallowed. “That I did.”Tony’s nerves twitched an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

