Chapter 1: Chapter 1 -brave new world
    




Chapter Text
A CITIZEN'S DUTY
by wicked17writer
 
	Darcy stared at her summons. It was a little postcard thing, akin to a jury duty summons, cheap and cost effective to produce, she supposed. But this little postcard would determine her future, her children's future, her whole life really. Darcy looked around at all the other women on line with her, dismayed by how young most of them looked compared to herself. She had managed to delay this whole ordeal for 8 years, due to her commitment to higher learning, but it would seem that her free ride had ended. Abruptly. She only graduated a couple months ago. She though she'd at least have until the end of the year until her name got called.

"It's not fair! I don't even like guys! I'm a lesbian. A LESBIAN!" A sobbing girl screeched in the face of the seemingly unflappable man in the dark gray suit who was handing out keys and processing the ladies in her line. Darcy's hand clenched, crumpling the paper slightly, but it did nothing to obscure the words printed boldly on the front.
CITIZEN DUTY SUMMONS
STATE OF NEW YORK
Service Date: July 28, 2017					Your Group Number is: 002579
By order of the Matrimonial & Population Bureau you are hereby summoned to appear for Citizen Duty at 12:00 p.m., on the date indicated above, in Room 18, 3rd floor in the new Courting Courts Complex.
Darcy Lewis, age 26, Alpha Initiative
! NOTICE !
Date of Service at the top of page.
Judge will hear excuses --FRI.
July 1, 2017
	Darcy hadn't even bothered attending the hearing/session thing that was her only chance to be excused or postpone her date with the Matrimonial & Population Bureau. She read up on the judge that was hearing excuses that day, the honorable Judge "Thunderbolt" Ross. Fucking asshole never excused anyone unless they were already married, medically exempt, or if they fucked him, under the guise of having a private "chat" in the judges chambers, only allowed due to one's excuse containing "sensitive information"; at least that's what some rumors had said on the dark web about the so called honorable Judge.

Darcy sighed, shifting her weight from foot to foot. She hated waiting in line. The sobbing pink haired lesbian had been taken out of the line and was being escorted by security guards to a dramatically red door marked "Treason & Criminal Processing". Darcy dug around in her purse for a stick of gum, popping it into her mouth and throwing the wrapper on the ground, smiling to herself at her little act of littering rebellion. Darcy especially hated on lines that were created so she could get a key and go into a presumably smelly locker room and get naked in front of a bunch of strangers.

Darcy never liked getting naked in direct sunlight or under the glare of florescent light, or you know at all in the presences of other ladies, seriously who ever thought up communal showers for pubescent high school-ers was an asshole. The practice of communal nudity at such a young age had lead to Darcy being targeted for her large breasts and squishy stomach and thighs that touched, gasp the scandal! Since growing up Darcy had matured enough to become comfortable with her body just the way it was, however she still didn't relish the chance to be once again ridiculed or compared to other women physically.

Darcy started at the red door, unconsciously taking a step forward as her line began to move at a regular pace now that the subversive pink haired woman was taken care of. Darcy wondered what the woman would choose as her punishment. Would the lesbian choose to join the army? To serve her country through combat, to be sterilized, to forfeit the money of the "Citizen's Rebate", the "Scholarly Allowance" and the chance to benefit from the Retirement Reimbursement" that was allotted to senior citizens who's offspring could not or would not do their Citizen's Duty? Darcy resisted the urge to shiver, joining the army now a days was like a death sentence. Those who served usually died or were severely maimed in some fashion, and since those who chose to serve in the army were not entitled to any of the government subsidies or monetary incentives for being a good citizen, they usually came home (if they came home), injured, mentally messed up and without a way to maintain a steady job and therefore hungry and homeless.

Darcy took another step forward, there were only a few people in front of her now. Darcy let her gaze drift away from the receding hairline-ed jack-booted thug who was scanning paper bar codes and directing women to their designated locker rooms; and she cast her gaze back to the red door. She wondered if the pink haired woman was dead already. She glanced down at her watch, it had only been five minutes, lady was still alive. But would she remain so? Or would the pink haired lesbian choose death? Darcy, if she was so inclined to rebel against doing her citizen's duty, would personally choose to serve in the army verses point
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/ ?
Darcy Lewis & Wanda Maximoff
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Scott Lang/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow
Darcy Lewis/Matt Murdock
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jessica Jones & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Scott Summers
Darcy Lewis & Melinda May
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Public Sex
Dubious Ethics
Dubious Morality
Mildly Dubious Consent
Arranged Marriage
Female Friendship
Body Image
Oral Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Masturbation
Anal Fingering
Dubious Consent
Rough Sex
Dom/sub Undertones
Blow Jobs
Blind Character
Blindness
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied non
SHIP DARCY LEWIS WITH ALL THE THINGS
Forced Pregnancy
Pregnancy
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Roller Coaster
References to Drugs
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/ ?
Darcy Lewis & Wanda Maximoff
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Scott Lang/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Darcy Lewis
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Brock Rumlow
Darcy Lewis/Matt Murdock
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Jessica Jones & Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Scott Summers
Darcy Lewis & Melinda May
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

