Work Text:
Bucky was nervous about coming to live with the Avengers. He had fought against half of them, and the ones on 'Team Cap' had barely said two words to him, besides Steve and arguing with Sam, neither of which really counted. So it was really Steve's job to introduce Bucky to everyone and explain them. And Bucky could tell that Steve's view of everyone was hopelessly opinionated, and wasn't to be taken too seriously. But the one that Steve seemed to be on a completely different planet for, was Tony Stark.Bucky could almost understand it. Steve and Tony had a serious rift since the 'Civil War' ordeal to fix, that neither of them really knew how to approach. They were polite to each other, but the tension in Steve's eyes, and the shaking of Tony's hands was obvious, at least to Bucky. But regardless, some of the things Steve said just seemed outlandish. For example, what Steve was saying now."I mean, Tony has a great heart, don't get me wrong. But he's too much of a freelancer, won't let anyone knock some sense into him or keep him in check." Steve sighed, exclaiming with his hands.Bucky tilted his head to the side. Tony had been the one who lead the support of the Accords, which had the very purpose of keeping the Avengers in check. He wore his guilty conscious on his sleeve and was very much in support of having the Avengers and himself put in check. What was Steve talking about? Bucky frowned. 
 "I swear, Tony doesn't care about his team whatsoever!" Wanda exclaimed, storming through the kitchen. "He is a self centered, absorbed, idiot!" She raged.Bucky narrowed his eyes. He had heard the argument between Steve and Tony, at the airport. I'm trying to keep you from tearing the Avengers apart. Those had been Tony's exact words. And Tony paid for everything any of the Avengers asked for. He built and designed perfect suits for everyone's needs and wants, no matter how much time it took him. He was the one who convinced every country who had signed the Accords to pardon the Avengers and allow them to operate while the Accords were being revised. He offered them shelter and food. How the hell was that self centered? Bucky frowned. 
 "Look, Tony's great and all, I'm just saying he's shut off. He never talks to any of us, and hides away in his workshop all day. Like seriously, would it kill a guy to come up and eat a damned meal with us?" Clint complained to Natasha one day during a movie.Bucky glanced up. The Avengers, even some who had fought on 'Team Iron', held serious grudges against Tony. Shit was constantly talked about him. If he walked into a room, it was granted at least one person would be glowering at him. He was underappreciated, and that wasn't even touching on the fact that he had clear PTSD from the 'Civil War'. He flinched if Steve touched him, he looked away guiltily if someone mentioned it, and started breathing erratically if someone mentioned the Siberian bunker. When Bucky acted the same way, people gave him looks of sympathy and consoled him. They ignored Tony. Bucky didn't really blame Tony for avoiding people. Bucky frowned. 
 "Tony's really worthless in a fight. His suit can run on autopilot, and he can't really manage out of suit combat. I don't know why Fury even chose him to be an Avenger." Sam admitted during a jog.Bucky had to hold back from strangling him. He remembered fighting Tony when he was the Winter Soldier, after being activated by Zemo. All he had was a piece of a gauntlet around his hand, yet he had put up a damn good fight against someone who had been trained to perfection for seventy years. And Bucky had heard stories, read SHIELD files. Like how Tony infiltrated the heavily guarded Mandarin base in broad daylight, by himself, with only everyday items from Walmart. And what good was the suit without Tony? The man built it, for god's sake. Tony was well versed in espionage, hand to hand, and anything else Bucky could think of that an Avenger needed to know. He just preferred his suit for obvious reasons. Seriously, were the Avengers idiotic? Bucky frowned. 
 "Okay, but niceties aside, Tony is so two faced. For the cameras he's all smiles and laughs, he's 'such a great guy'. Then he gets home and is suddenly shut off and brushes everyone aside. Grade A asshole." Bucky didn't even pay attention to who said it this time at dinner, because he was positive if he identified the speaker, he would scoop their eyeballs out with his spoon. Tony had to have a public personality that was likeable. He had a company's reputation, the Avenger's reputation, and his own reputation constantly hanging over him. Since he was most often the one who did press conferences for the Avengers, he had to paint the best picture of the Avengers and run their image. He was shut off at home because he was treated like shit, and no longer had to laugh it off for a camera. Bucky couldn't fathom how Tony did it. Bucky frowned. 
 "Tony's weak.""Tony really isn't as smart as he wants everyone to thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
slight angst
Tony Angst
Crack
Getting Together
Protective Bucky Barnes
BAMF Bucky Barnes
The Avengers Are Kind Of Dicks To Tony
But Bucky Is To The Rescue
never fear
How Do I Tag
SamSteve At The End
I'm Bad At Tagging
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergent

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

