Chapter 1: Life is good
    




Chapter Text
"Hey Penis Parker, what's got you so happy? Did you finally get that vibrator under your bed to work?" Flash taunted, Peter's smile didn't falter though."No, Mr. Stark gave me a promotion," Peter said in his most as a matter-of-fact tone. It wasn't a lie, Mr. Stark had updated his suit. It could now hook up to his Stark phone! Also a gift from Mr. Stark, but this wasn't any normal Stark phone.It could only be opened by him, it was fingerprint activated. He knew it was more than probable, that May's, Happy's, and possibly Ned's, and Mr. Stark's prints could open it if the situation called for.

 The glass screen was bulletproof, the phone reinforced with what Peter was sure was stainless steel. Maybe something more, he wasn't sure. The thing didn't even have any seams, it couldn't be tampered with."You're still on this Stark thing? When will you get it through your head? Tony Stark will never have anything to do with someone as insignificant as you. Do you really think a genius like him, would ever, ever work with someone as retarded as you?" He questioned, drastically adding emphasis to the word ever."Yo dude that's not cool," Ned spoke up, walking into the conversation. 

Peter waved him off, "It's fine Ned, you and I both know that's not true."Ned of course knew, but he also knew Peter's underlying insecurities. Peter really didn't think of himself worthy enough to even breathe the same air as the billionaire. It's just sometimes he gets so excited he forgets. And when he does remember, well Peter's never quite himself the rest of the day. He may seem alright, but it's always the little things that prove otherwise.A slight hesitance in each movement, his thought processes either slowing or going completely over his head. His stutter returns sometimes too, though that one is a little more noticeable than the others.Peter was all too aware Ned knew those intimate details and was admittedly glad to have such a doting friend in his corner."Seriously you're bringing Neddy into this? You're just backing him up since you two have probably been blowing each other in bathrooms since the third grade," Flash continued to nag."I don't even think I knew what sex was in the third grade," Ned spoke up. Luckily the bell rang before Flash could get in his retort, and cursed, "Shit my class is on the other side of campus!"Peter and Ned laughed as their bully ran down the quickly crowding hall and carried on to their chemistry class.---At the last bell, Peter's head shot up, neck cracking at the movement before half hazardously shoving his books in his bag. Every day he waits with bated breath, waits to slide the suit over his body as if it was just another layer of skin.Whatever it takes, anything to fly. Anything to be able to save someone, to be able to tell Mr. Stark what he did! Well, Happy, he knew Mr. Stark has some important meeting today and knew not to call his phone directly.By now though he was used to giving his report to Happy, the man had even started answering. Asking if he was alright, praising the smallest accomplishments of the day. Saving a cat from a tree, helping someone cross the street, and stopping a few muggings. (AKA grand theft bicycles).Today maybe he'd do more, stop a bank robbery, get in a car chase, do something extraordinary. Even if he didn't do anything great today, they'd be proud.His grades were great, and he was having dinner with his Aunt tonight. Ned would be coming over to play Star Wars on the PlayStation Tony had so graciously gifted him one afternoon after winning the science fair.The thought brought a smile to his face, a small lopsided thing that everyone who knew Peter Parker lived to see.---"Hi, Happy!" Peter called, glad he didn't actually need to hold the phone now that it was attached to his suit. It'd be so much harder to hold a phone and the Thai food while a couple hundred feet in the air. 

He'd been going higher and higher, wanting to test his limits, the first time he had, Karen instantly had spoken up.Concerned, she asked if it was intentional, before Mr. Stark's voice cut in, "Kid you're going a little high there. Is everything alright?""Yeah, everything's great! Wohoo!" He cheered excitedly, laughing before going a tad bit higher, he could see the slight concern on the man's face when the call turned to face-time."Please be careful, you really don't need to go so high," Tony's voice was soft and concerned, and Peter stopped instantly, assuring his mentor he'd be careful. 

Making sure to let Tony know that if anything happened he was sure with the gliders and his parachute, they most likely would catch him, also that he could stick to walls. Not to mention his webs.Tony nodded, smiling lightly as Peter's eyes lit up as he flew in his own way, a whoop falling from his lips."Alright kid," Tony relented, watching as the boy swung throughout the buildings. Heart hammering, but floating at the happy sound of the kid's excitem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts &; May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Father-Son Relationship
Team as Family
Sensory Overload
Sensory Deprivation
Recovery
Seizures
Vomiting
Illnesses
Sick Peter
spider sense
Anxiety Attacks
Panic Attacks
Delusions
Nightmares
Flashbacks
Angst with a Happy Ending
Aftermath of Torture
Torture
Psychological Torture
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Suicide attempts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts &; May Parker (Spider-Man)

