Chapter 1: Looking For A Sign
    


Notes:
Finally adding this to AO3. Any comments may refer to reviews posted on fanfic.net but I can't summon the effort needed to edit them.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
"But it had to have come from Asgard." Jane said as she pulled the SUV onto the main road. Darcy's fingers tapped along to the drum beat of the song blaring through her ears from the one headphone she had in. She normally turned the volume right up to drown Jane out as they drove to work as the latter usually lamented the loss of her boyfriend, Thor or spoke of some new scientific breakthrough she'd thought of while pouring her cereal. Either way- yawn.
Today however she'd turned it down low enough so that she could tune in or out as she pleased. Her hand draped out of the open window as they drove through miles of New Mexico desert. It was eight thirty and already burning hot. The air con in the car was broken, again, so all of the windows were down to entice in the dry breeze though all it really did was create more noise that Jane felt the need to shout above.
"Puh-lease." Darcy told her, taking a sip of coffee from her travel mug. "You find one note-"
"In my shoe!" Jane interrupted. "Why would the note be in my shoe?"
The hand that had been tapping on the window moved to rub her temples. It was too early in the morning to handle Jane. It was times like these that Darcy missed Erik most. He'd always been able to handle most of Jane's obsessive fixations, the only exception being when Thor had visited. Darcy however had about 2% of the things she said registered by Jane and of those a further 2% were actually listened to.
"You're constantly making notes, Jane." Darcy sighed. "And they turn up everywhere. Remember the time you set the toaster on fire?"
Jane's face flushed slightly pink as she drove but she remained determined. "It wasn't my handwriting. I know that handwriting."
"What because he scribbled on your notebook? Jane, he was hardly writing essays while he crashed here." Darcy raised her eyebrow at her friend. As usual Jane remained oblivious to the hinted suggestion behind Darcy's words. She took another sip of coffee, silently lamenting the fact that no one seemed to share her dirty mind.
"I know that handwriting." Jane repeated.
"Jesus Jane, slow down." Darcy told her, having just seen the speedometer on the car. It was hard to tell on the long straight roads how fast they were going but she was certain Jane's old car hadn't driven this fast since...well ever.
"We have to get to SHIELD." She said, pressing her lips together in determination and accelerating.
"I am not going to die over some stupid note!" Darcy shouted back.
"You haven't even seen it!" Jane replied, reaching into the pocket of her jeans and pulling out a crumpled piece of parchment coloured paper.
"For fuck's sake," Darcy shrieked. "If you're going this fast at least keep both hands on the wheel!"
"Just take the note." Jane snapped. Darcy glared at her as she snatched the note from her hands, relief rushing through her as she saw Jane put her other hand back on the wheel.
Darcy examined it briefly. It was about the same size as a post-it note but three times as thick, like the kind of posh paper that ought only be reserved for cursive writing detailing a meeting with the Queen of England.
One word was printed on it in a bold hand. "AFTER" Darcy read. "Wow, yep definitely from Thor, definitely listing his imminent return yes let us run off to SHIELD whilst breaking as many traffic laws as we can."
Jane rolled her eyes. "Either way it's clearly not one of my notes."
Darcy shrugged. She agreed but wasn't going to tell Jane that.
"What does it mean though?" Jane continued. Darcy turned the volume up on her iPod. She was used to Jane using her presence as an excuse to talk to herself. "I mean 'after' what? Is something..."
At maximum volume, Darcy's iPod had finally succeeded in drowning Jane out. She finished the rest of her coffee and put the thermos in the cup holder, waiting for the caffeine buzz to set in. She was very much the antithesis of a morning person, her usual chirpy personality completely non-existent until at least eleven in the morning.
By the time the song finished Jane was pulling the car into the derelict multi-storey car park that served as one of the entrances to SHIELD's New Mexico base. The barrier rose for them and they followed the sloping base deeper into the compound. Inside the air was stale but just as hot.
Her ipod turned itself off as it always did when they entered, the only evidence Darcy had of the security measures in the car park. She'd always wondered what would happen if she tried entering in a different car but wasn't foolish enough to try.
"So you're just going to go marching into Fury's office and demand to see him over a note?" Darcy asked. They were a few floors down now. A wall of the empty concrete room sank into the floor to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Loki

freeform: 
Romance
Humour
Sarcasm
Actually quite a lot of sarcasm
Agents of shield for a bit
Crude jokes
Canon Compliant Violence
Post Avengers
will cover events in thor the dark world
Norse Mythology - Freeform

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Darcy Lewis & Loki

