Chapter 1: Peter
    




Chapter Text
 When Peter opens his eyes, the world is tilted sideways. Blinking rapidly, the teenager breathes in, his chest rattling with a wheeze, eyesight slowly becoming clearer as he tries to lift his heavy head. He gets it halfway up, feeling the kink in his neck pop as he looks up through his eye-lashes around the dimly lit room. A slightly swinging light comes into view above him, the dim yellow bulb casting warping shadows on the dark walls as it is moved by a faint breeze. Water is everywhere, dripping from the tall ceiling, puddles lining the cracked floor and flowing toward the far wall on a slight angle. A metal table, the dull edges glistening in the muted light, sits against a far back wall, the top of it too tall for the young Stark to see what it holds. Shifting his weight, the teen grimaces as the metal cuffs holding him to the wall clink together, his hands clenching and unclenching tightly against the sharp iron as he fights down his panic. Where the hell is he? He remembers leaving his father's Tower that morning, throwing his backpack over his shoulder and hugging the man goodbye. His Dad, watching him with warm eyes as he shoved a piece of slightly burnt toast into his mouth, had kissed the top of his head, telling him to remember to stay after for extra tutoring for Spanish. Peter had smiled, calling out a hasty "Love you!" before making a mad dash toward his bus stop, Tony's response getting lost as the wind blew in his ears. He had barely made it past the first corner before he was taken, his body going limp as a prick in his neck stunned him, his spider senses screaming in alarm. Darkness folded over his eyes, a car engine roaring somewhere behind him. The last thing he remembers thinking is the fact that his Daddy was only a few blocks away, and that he had no idea what was going on. Peter, blinking back the sudden tears that fill his burning eyes, really wishing he would have heard what his Dad said now, knowing that the words would have offered a small dose of comfort as he lifts his head once more, the room whirling around him as he explodes with dizziness. Giving a groan, Peter's brain finally begins to restricter the pain he must have been feeling the whole time, his panic having muted the effects. It starts in his arms, a dull burning sensation that has him gasping, the rusty taste of blood coating his tongue and making him gag. The agony slowly becomes more apparent, his whole body shivering as his wet and freezing clothes and skin makes contact with the air. Teeth chattering, the teenager swallows the bile that threatens to escape as his blurry eyes catch the sight of red littering the concrete floor beneath him, splatters and droplets creating a nightmarish painting. Panting heavily, the spiderling starts to pulls weakly on the metal holding him to the wall, his sore muscles burning as the drugs he was injected with flows through his veins. The metal squeaks in protest at the force of his tugs, but holds tight, and Peter gasps out a sob, gritting his teeth as a shudder ranks through his small body. C'mon Peter! He thinks, his sweat matted hair falling into his eyes, the dried blood coating the brown locks sticking to his wet and burning face. C'mon Spider-Man! C'mon! But his encouraging thoughts are no match for the metal surrounding his wrists, and with a whimper, the teen slumps against the cold wall, his fingers torn raw and blazing red. More blood drips from his head to the mildew infested floor below, the soft splat sounding far more gruesome then the chorus of water droplets that echo through the cell. Gasping, Peter rests his head against the wall, feeling the pounding vibrating through his skull suddenly flare up, pinching his eyes shut tightly as a few stray tears leak out.
 I want my Dad.
 He tries to ignore the thought, knowing that he has to be strong for whatever is going to happen next, but he is in pain, confused and terrified and he isn't Spider-Man right now; right now he is just ordinary Peter Stark and he doesn't know what- what is happening or what they want with him and- and he just wants his Daddy to find him and make it better. So Peter cries. He knows that when his captor comes back he has to be strong, but for now he is alone, so he lets it all out. Pushing his throbbing head hard against the dirty wall, the teen stuffs his hand in his mouth to smother the sound of his low wails, the sleeve of his Star Wars sweater getting smushed up against his bleeding nose. As he sobs, he subconsciously breathes in the scent still clinging to the now red fabric, feeling his chest ache at the familiar smell of motor oil and aftershave that fills his senses. His body shivers from the cool air blowing around the room, his feet squishing in a puddle as he brings his aching legs up against his chest. Hugging himself tight, Peter closes his eyes and tries to pretend that it is his father holding him close and running a soothing hand against 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Happy Hogan
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Precious Peter Parker
Nightmares
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Father-Son Relationship
Nick Fury Swears
Complete
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Uncle Happy Hogan
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood and Violence
Blood and Torture
Implied/Referenced Torture
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Peter Parker Angst
Peter Parker Has Issues
Peter Parker Has Nightmares
Aftermath of Torture
Manipulative Nick Fury
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Family Dynamics
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
No Slash
Not Canon Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Happy Hogan
Peter Parker & Original Male Character(s)
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

