Chapter 1: The Start of Something
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

  
 
April
 With no more energy to direct himself, Peter’s feet automatically carried him forward. At least he could be grateful for that. He was out of breath, gasping as he tried to suck in air through his panic. He could hear the roar of repulsors somewhere above him, and there were shouts somewhere behind. Cap was certainly gaining on him, even if the others couldn’t keep up with his speed. Normally he wouldn’t have a problem getting away, he thought, torn between desperation and envy towards his normal self. The misshapen lump at his shoulder and the agony he’d felt when he’d tried to swing into the air assured him that he had dislocated it: there was no way he could support himself like that. Not if he wanted to maintain any kind of respectable speed.  God, he wished this city would get some sleep. He would feel much better without all those eyes on him, right now. Spider-Man tended to paint a very noticeable picture, even when he wasn’t dripping a trail of blood behind him, sprinting through the streets of New York: anyone could point his pursuers in his direction right now. He groaned, nearly slamming into a wall as he caught sight of the alley and turned to duck down it. He used his good arm to sling a web to the dark shape behind a trash can, dragging his backpack up to his chest. His bad arm, somewhat more feebly, lifted just enough to shoot another web up towards a high building. Instead of grabbing on, though, he stuck it to his backpack and  threw with his good arm, giving the thing as much momentum as he could manage. Please let them follow that long enough for him to get away in the other direction, he thought helplessly. He watched just long enough to see it start to arch upwards before wrenching one of the dumpster lids up and toppling inside, letting it slam shut behind him. He landed in the bottom, feeling a splash under him. The thing must have been recently emptied, he thought, eyes squeezing shut as he tried to hear over the hammering of his own heart. Peter’s breath was loud and ragged in his ears, so he clamped both hands over his mouth, trying to stifle the sound. Lying in trash juice in a dark dumpster, alone, in more pain than he could ever remember being in. Yeah, that sounded about right, he admitted with a grimace. Then he heard heavy footsteps and realized that Captain America had caught up with him. He stopped breathing entirely, body shuddering. Please let this work, he begged silently. Please let this work. He couldn’t bear it if they caught him. If they took away the last thing he had. The footsteps slowed to a stop right outside his hiding place and Peter managed to stifle a groan before it emerged. If he listened, he could hear Cap talking. “The blood trail ends here,” the soldier was saying, voice tense. “He must have hit the sky. Stark?” A long moment of silence. “See if you can find a trail up there. Clint. Anything?” More quiet as the captain apparently listened to someone speaking over their comms system. “A backpack?” He repeated, sounding displeased. “Take it. Maybe there’s something we can learn there.” Peter opened his eyes, fear coiling in the pit of his stomach. How had everything gone so badly, he wondered, trying to reconcile his current state with his memory of himself from just a few months ago. “Keep looking,” he heard, but the sound was muffled, now, and his vision swam as his eyes shut and he thought of- --- 
September
 Time almost seemed to move in slow motion as Gwen Stacy spun to face him, blonde hair flowing around her head, expression so perfectly surprised and relieved that he swore his heart skipped a beat. The light was behind her, causing a halo effect, and it occurred to Peter that she might be the prettiest person he’d ever seen. “Spider-Man!” She exclaimed, watching as he pinned the gun he’d tugged out of the would-be mugger’s hand with a swath of webbing. “Not to worry, miss,” he said, another strand  thwipp -ing from his web shooter as the mugger tried to lurch for the gun. It caught him by the hand and pinned him to the wall. “Everything’s under control.” He managed to keep his voice from cracking, somehow, shooting a second strand which pinned the guy to the wall, but he noticed her strange expression anyway. Everyone always gave him that look, he thought with no small amount of frustration. His voice just sounded too young. Eventually that problem would fix itself, but in the meantime, Peter needed to come up with some kind of a solution. “Get this shit off of me!” The man was shouting, struggling as he attempted to yank his hands free. “Nice try, buddy,” Peter strolled over, casually leaning against the wall next to him, face angled towards the man even as he watched Gwen out of the corner or his eye. He tried to make his voice sound a little older. “There’s no way you’re getting through that until the police
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Grief/Mourning
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Canon-Typical Violence
Angst
Bad stuff happening to minors
But there will be fun times too
sassiness
Team Building
Families of Choice
Identity Reveal
A couple of times tbh
Secret Identity
Whump
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Homeless Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

