Chapter 1





Chapter Text
And suddenly, it dawns on Michelle on that she's naked. On that she feels just as bare, vulnerable, and exposed as she looks. She curls into herself, wrapping her arms around her sides. Staring in her long floor mirror, she recalls about how she fell in this predicament.
The first time Michelle and Peter kiss, it's rushed and quick and vitriolic. She remembers it because there was a quick pull-away, and the blazing purple-red of Peter's ears in the dim colored lighting that was quickly spreading to his face. She also remembers it because she's the one who turns to him in the middle of the movie, blurting, "what the hell was that?!"He hadn't had a proper excuse—as she expects—as his tongue-twists told for him.
The second time they kiss—properly—was under neon yellow, green, blue lights. Some alternative band had been playing in the background. Michelle remembers it because it was their third attempt at a date, and surprisingly, it had gone quite well. It ended with an arm looping around her waist, her fingers curling in his hair, and resting on his shoulder. An electronic song singing about the universe starting fifteen billion years ago plays somewhere from a street vendor. This kiss had been steady and meaningful and right.She has a spray-paint picture hanging on her bedroom wall bought at the end of the date.Michelle remembers it too because after, Peter had been wearing the widest, dopiest smile she's ever seen. Her stomach flipping in on itself. He apologizes for rubbing off her lipgloss. He then makes a comment about the strawberry flavor.
The following school week after their first right kiss, he's still wearing that wide, dopey smile which only shrinks to a small grin until she comes back into sight.It's their final year of high school, and much has changed.For one, Mr. Harrington is having all but an actual heart attack at, what he's told, is the last Decathlon meeting. This has been decided as a collected agreement, as all the members are preparing to graduate, and have become increasingly busy. And as captain of the team, Michelle announces this agreement from everyone one afternoon.At a table in the corner, Ned and Peter sit alongside Charles, listening on and nodding approval. All attention is set on Michelle. And it isn't until there's a decent pause as Mr. Harrington is processing the information does Flash take the opportunity to his from another table."What are you smiling so much for, Parker? This funny to you?"And like that, the attention shifts. All eyes snap over, and immediately the teen's dopey grin is wiped clean."What smile? I wasn't—I wasn't smiling!""Yes, you were," Flash presses, seeming to not want to let it go. "You've been smiling for, like, the past week—""We haven't even been in school yet for a week—""Shut up! You know what I mean." He squints, and then, "are you high!?"Startled, Peter shouts to defend himself. Mr. Harrington butts in with a monotone, "you know the rules about drugs at this school." All the others are watching, waiting, observing.Peter throws his hands up, repeating that he isn't on any substances.Cindy squints. Ned face-palms. Michelle sighs, rolling her eyes.
Ned has walked in on them, once.It had been after school and Peter said there had been something he needed to do before leaving the school campus, something rather important.When May had been waiting outside for ten minutes, Ned's own ride becoming impatient, the boy returned inside the building as Peter was no longer answering his phone.It was in the open space of the band room, up in the back and behind the piano. He's astonished at first, and a little mortified if he's to be honest.His friend and Michelle were "kissing face"—from his view, it's innocent, and luckily doesn't see Michelle's hand on Peter's thigh or the intense circles she presses in his jeans, or pick up on the softs keens and begs given against her smirking lips.Ned's squealed sentence of surprise is what makes them pull apart and the air decipate, the two turning away shyly.Ned didn't waste time to question Peter about it either.
The eleventh time they kiss was on Peter's bedroom floor, left alone because Ned had been called home early and May went to go around the corner to pick up sandwiches for dinner, leaving the two to finish their game of Monopoly.It happened spontaneously, and warily. A truth or dare kiss. A flirt with the hot cop to get out of jail kiss. A provocative lean forward that is preceded by slow, languid movements.Michelle remembers it because, she raises a challenging brow before his puppy eyes shifts, changes. Hardens. Dares. And then his hand is cupping her cheek, her neck; his palms flat and sliding across her waist, up her side and beneath her shirt. There's the catch of breath, a tightening in her chest. His mouth flutters against her lips as he speaks, teases her, moving a game piece across the board without her knowing.Michelle remembers because she grabs his collar to keep him c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Romance
University
Humor
slight - Freeform
but oh well i guess
Future Fic
Alternate Universe - College/University
College
because some roommates are too nosey and snoopy
Explicit Consent
Explicit Sexual Content
i honestly don't now what else to put because i'm not an expert at smut
Kissing
Smut
Phone Sex
Sending Semi-nude Selfies
Mutual Masturbation
Spideychelle
Peterchelle
PeterMJ - Freeform
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
College Student Peter Parker
College Student Peter
College Student Michelle
University Student Michelle
Femdom
Slice of Life

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

