Chapter 1: Don't Try to Change Him
    




Chapter Text

Tony rolled away from Pepper: panting, tired, sexually sated but still hungry. “I can’t keep doing this Pep, I’ll drain you…”


Pepper was still trying her damnedest to remember how to speak as she snuggled closer to smile at the soft glow of the arc. “You haven’t scheduled any ‘you’ time this month. Why don’t you throw one of your orgies? That should set you up for awhile.”


Tony chuckled and shook his head, “I’m done with that. I’m a family man now, remember?”


“Tony, having a building full of superheroes and Fury on your ass about you being, well ‘you’ –by their thought process- doesn’t give you the right to starve yourself because of their close-mindedness. Speaking of which, you really do need to tell them. You’re pale, you’re cold and this is right after you screwed me into the mattress… You’re starving yourself aren’t you? I already told you, go feed on whoever you want.” Although they had decided some time ago that they were not going to be an actual couple, she like the term love friends, more than fuck buddies.


“Yeah, okay,” Tony’s voice was dead even as he stared at the wall before smiling down at Pepper and kissing her hair. “I really meant it when I said you complete me. You know that, right?”


Pepper was smiling but she was already falling asleep, too drained to respond. Tony just kissed the top of her head and frowned, his mind going back to the reprimand he’d been getting from nearly everyone in the Tower 

and 

SHIELD over his philandering tendencies. They were right, in a sense, Pepper deserved better than some ‘man whore’ but she chose to stay. Chose 

him

 regardless, even after learning 
why
 he did what he did. It was in his genes.  

 

Too bad every time he 

tried

 he kept flashing back on Fury’s ‘chat’ with him over the fact that he was a fucking 

Avenger

 now and that he needed to grow up and get his shit together. Or, if it wasn’t him, Steve glaring at him in full on ‘cap’ mode giving him the shpeal about women and respecting Pepper and occasionally “Why are you flirting with a guy?” but that was just the one time, he’d just shrugged it off as ‘boredom’, the flirting with the guy part that is, the rest he still gets glared at a lot about. If only they could see Pepper goading him on while they were at parties, or even just in public. She understood, hell she encourages him to take care of himself. God, how did he survive before her?


“Tony, stop thinking and go to sleep. Unless it’s ‘bout tellin’ the others, then the answer is ‘do it’. Go to sleep.” Tony smirked and snuggled closer before finally letting himself sleep in the arms of his best friend.


-


Pepper waited another two weeks, Tony was progressively getting worse, and then she had finally had enough…


“Where’s Tony? JARVIS said he called a meeting,” Steve asked as he blinked at her walking through the doors of the small conference room.


“He is less than a month away from his deathbed because you all can’t get your collective heads out of your asses. Tony does not need ‘fixed’, he was fine the way he was. Because of you lot, he’s been getting sicker and I can’t even convince him to feed anymore. What the hell did you say to him?!”


Steve flinched under the force of her glare, “I just, mentioned that you deserve someone that would stay by you and not run around ma’am.”


Pepper actually pinched the bridge of her nose before she heard Bruce speak up, “Deathbed, what? Is it the reactor again? I thought he’d fixed that.”


“No, the arc’s fine, it has nothing to do with that. This is biology, not something Tony did to himself. Tony has a very unusual nutritional requirement.” Pepper’s temper flared, “And because of all of you giving him grief about us when I’ve already told him to take care of himself is the reason he’s sick! Damit we aren’t even a couple!”


“Pepper,” Tony’s voice was barely above a whisper as he stumbled into the room. “Don’t,” his legs buckled when he stepped away from the doorframe and into the room.


“Tony,” Pepper grabbed for him as he slumped to the floor. “Don’t just stand there, help. JARVIS, why is he here, I thought I told you to keep him out of this.”


“I’m sorry but Sir hacked the message you had me send to the others and I did not catch his intent in time.”


“I didn’t know Tony programmed you to lie,” Pepper smiled at the ceiling.


“He, he should have been involved in the first place Miss Potts.”


Pepper sighed as she tried to nudge Tony back into consciousness. “Tony, wake up. Please?”


Pepper didn’t leave Tony’s side even when Steve carried him back to his room to lay him in the bed. “What’s wrong with him?”


“He- he’s been starving himself trying to live up to your standards. Tony, I need you to wake up. Or would you rather I tell them instead of letting you do it?”


Tony’s hand shot up to grip her wrist the moment she started to pull away, “No, Pep, don’t.”


“I’m not going to let you kill yourself, not after th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Past Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship
Thor/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Incubus!Tony
Starvation
Eating Disorders
Supernatural Elements
Canon-Typical Violence
Light BDSM
Sub Clint Barton
Asexual Character
Polyamory
Implied/Attempted Rape
Demiromantic Bruce Banner
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Asexual Natasha Romanov
Bondage
Dom Thor (Marvel)
Protective Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Past Clint Barton/Phil Coulson - Relationship
Thor/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor

