Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Toni’s  cold.It’s the kind of cold she hasn’t felt since those late nights in the cave with Yinsen.Since she stepped through a wormhole and massacred untold thousands.“Miss,” JARVIS’s voice is barely a whisper in her ear, more like a quiet sigh in the quickly approaching darkness.“J?”  She rasps out, blood thick and foul on her tongue.“Yes, Miss,”  JARVIS answers as he always does, “you must stay awake.”“I’m  tired,” it comes out as a half sob, pain racking through her chest as she takes in a stuttering breath.  “I’m tired JARVIS.    I’m so tired.”It’s true too.Toni is tired, tired in a way she hasn’t been since Jarvis died.  She feels empty and carved out, hollow inside like she hasn’t since she laid him in the ground.She’s exhausted down to her  bones.“I know you are Miss,” JARVIS soothes her, voice as gentle as a lullabye.  “But you must stay awake.”He doesn’t fool her though, not her baby boy.Even as exhausted and beaten down as she is Toni can hear the carefully concealed desperation in his tone.He’s  frightened.Like he had been during the creeping death of the palladium.During the terror of New York.During the horror that was Ultron.She’s scared her boy, and she’s so very sorry for doing this to him yet again.  It seems as if that’s all she ever does.  Hurt the ones she loves, one way or another.Maybe it’d be best if she just ...Toni feels herself begin to drift, feels the way the darkness creeps just a bit closer.“Mother!  ”  JARVIS’ sharp reprimand snaps her back to awareness.  “You must not sleep.”“I’m sorry,” Toni whispers as she forces her eyes open again, blinks past the drip of blood from her scalp that’s already begun to dry and the curls that’ve fallen into her face.  “J, baby,  I’m sorry.”She coughs, ragged and painfully deep, and her gauntlet comes away from her battered face splattered with blood.“Shh, Miss,” JARVIS soothes her again.  “This was all … you have nothing to apologize for.  You must only stay awake.”She grimaces, raises a hand to press uselessly against the pitted front of the armor.The armor’s shot, the integrity of its casing a thing of the past.  She can’t fly out of here.  She can barely move.  She’s alone except for JARVIS in her ear and she’s losing heat fast.She’s losing fast.Toni breathes as deeply as she can bare at the moment and lets it out in a long, slow, whistling hiss.  Beneath the armor her chest is a mess.  She can feel the steady trickle of blood running down her sides, can feel where pieces of the suit have bent inwards.  Can feel where her ribs don’t sit right anymore.She’d always known love would wreck her someday.  Had always known that it would be the end of her in one way or another.But she’d never thought it would be like this.She’d never thought it would be Steve, with Bucky miraculously returned to his side, who would deal the killing blow.“Not sure it’s gonna matter J.”  Toni tells him ruefully after a long silent moment has passed.  She’s slumped against one of the support struts, hidden from the worst of the blasting wind behind her, but the snow is already beginning to pile up a bit at the edges.  “Not sure I got much choice.  You feeling up to telling me Icarus again?  I think … I’d like to hear it … just in case.”“You promised,” JARVIS snaps at her, angry and defiant and as close to desperate as she’s ever heard him.  “You promised you would stay with me, that you would not go where I could not follow you.  Not if you could help it.  You can do this Miss, so now I shall hold you to your word.  There will be no stories, no goodbyes.  Not this time.  You will stay awake.  You will hold on until I reach you.  You will live.”“I’m trying, J,” Toni sighs, ragged and painful.  “But we both know how this is gonna end.  Just like last time, we know how this plays out.  Don’t think we’ll pull another miracle out of the hat for this one, baby boy.”“I launched a suit in your direction as soon as you departed your helicopter in pursuit of Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes, Miss.”  JARVIS tells her.  “I no longer trusted the Captain to have your safety as a primary concern.  I thought one of the repurposed Legionnaires would be a welcomed and hopefully unnecessary addition to your party.  Vision has also been alerted and is in route.  You must simply hold on until they arrive.”Toni swallows down a painful laugh because of course he did.  Her  boy , so smart, so resourceful, so over protective.  But it still might not be enough.Her chest aches, pain that she’s only really felt a handful of times before arcing through her.  A slow, creeping death.“I’ll try,” Toni tells him again.  It’s the best she can offer because this … this is one thing she can’t build her way out of.Not now.Not this time.She’s already too far gone for that.“It won’t be long now,” JARVIS reassures her softly.  “Less than ten minutes.  Then we will bring you home.  Where you belong.  Where you will be  safe.  As you should be.” Home.The Compound.Even the thought 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Guardians of the Galaxy Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & Vision

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Canon Compliant
Not Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 Compliant
Angst
hurt comfort
Extremis
Betrayal
space
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Feels
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Angst
Snark
Banter
Pop Culture
references
Team as Family
Yondu Lives
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Bride-napping
Not A Fix-It
Not Wanda Friendly
Overprotective Jarvis
Protective Rhodey
Protective Vision
Peter is smitten
Tony is unimpressed
Alternate Universe of an Alternate Universe
Handwaving some issues aside
Just Roll With It
Comic Book Science
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Timeline What Timeline

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Guardians of the Galaxy Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & Vision

