Chapter 1: The Night The Tower Fell
    




Chapter Text
A man turns into a giant green rage monster when he is upset?Strange. But Steve rolls with it.Flying aircraft carrier?Strange as well. But it is the future after all. Howard Stark must have something to do with that one.A man calling himself a god and waving a magic stick?Not unlike the Red Skull. Steve handles this revelation the best.Alien army invading New York?Also strange. But Steve can go with it. He's good at going with the flow.The man fighting beside him turning out to be an actual robot?That one takes Steve a bit longer to wrap his head around. Why does the robot act so human? Of course, if Iron Man's creator could build such an advanced piece of machinery, then, of course, they could make his mannerism just as advanced. But who thought it was a good idea to give a robot attitude? The amount of sass Iron Man gave Steve on a daily basis was baffling. According to Nick Fury, Iron Man's creator was Tony Stark, who had died a few years ago. Fury also said that Stark had a bad sense of humor, one that he had passed on to his robotic child.Tony Stark.Steve wished he had been able to meet the son of his friend. He wondered if he was anything like Howard. He had tried asking Iron Man about Tony once."I only knew him for a short time. He built me in a cave. And then he was executed," Iron Man had said."Why did he build you?" Steve had asked."He knew he was going to die. Mr. Stark made a lot of mistakes in his life. And he was trying to make up for all of them by creating me. He told me my purpose is to make the world a better place." Iron Man had responded.Steve hadn't asked any more questions after that.After the battle of New York, the Avengers had moved into what had once been Stark Tower. Now dubbed "Avengers Tower". That had been a year ago. The entire team had become very close in that short time. Nothing like an alien invasion to bring people together. Natasha and Clint were still very private individuals, but they were doing their best. Bruce was a quiet, but kind. He liked to cook dinner for everyone. Thor was still getting used to living on Midgard and had blown up three microwaves and two toasters in the past month alone. He was trying his best.Iron Man was a strange being. Sometimes Steve forgot that there was no actual person under that metallic armor. Just clumps of wires and oils. Steve didn't like to think about Iron Man like that, though. He liked to think that there really was a person in there. Iron Man acted like a real person. Most of the time. He would often spend time with the team just like a normal person. Watching movies, and playing board games. Iron Man would assist Bruce in the labs, and spend his free time reading books. He joined them in their training sessions.There was another unusual thing about the Iron Avenger. He experienced emotions. Real emotions. The emotions seemed to be limited to joy, anger, and fear, but they were emotions none the less.The rest of the team always had questions for Iron Man. Sometimes invasive ones. Clint once asked him if he had to plug himself into the wall at night. Iron Man had slapped him upside the head for that.Steve didn't ask any more questions. This was the future after all. Why should he be so surprised at a robot who was capable of laughter?What did surprise him, was the fact that he cared so deeply for a robot. It had been six years since Tony Stark "died". Six years he had been living as half a human. The first three years had been difficult, but he managed. He was using his new body to help people, and that gave him peace of mind. Tony knew it didn't make up for all his past mistakes, but it was a start. It wasn't until the fourth year rolled around that the loneliness officially set in. Sure, he had Pepper. And Rhodey. And Happy. Those three did their best to be there for Tony, but there was only so much they could do. Tony saw Pepper the most. He had left the company to her in his will, and now she was using it to fund the Avengers. Rhodey would call him every once in awhile, make sure he was still breathing, and let him know how the War Machine armor was fairing. He clearly wanted to spend more time with Tony, but his military job wouldn't allow for it. Happy was head of security at Avengers tower and kept a close eye on Tony. Or as close as he could. Tony had a lot of secret rooms in the tower, allowing him to function outside of his suit without the others noticing. Happy knew about the entrance to Tony's secret maze but wasn't allowed inside. Tony kept a lot of secrets these days.Tony entered his bedroom, which was on a completely separate floor than the rest of the team. He shed his armor and limped over to his bed. Walking without his suit was difficult, but he managed alright. It was easier when he wasn't so tired. He had just returned from a rather long mission with his team and was ready to sleep for the next week.Tony fell face first onto the bed with a grunt. He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Stony - Freeform
Identity Porn
Identity Reveal
Getting Together
Humor
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Action & Romance
Eventual Fluff
Prosthetics
Most of Tony's body got blown up and replaced with machinery
Tony pretends to be dead so he can be Iron Man in peace
Clint likes to tease Steve for having a crush on a robot
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
cyborg tony
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Tony is losing himself behind the mask
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Bucky Barnes is learning to live with the Avengers
everyone is a mess
someone help these boys
takes place right before age of ultron
Mutual Pining
Conspiracy
Murder
Drama
questioning what makes us human
Eventual Ultron

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

