Work Text:
Loki waved a disinterested, slender hand aloft impartial to the screaming, shouting and struggling of his foes. In the sudden silence, Loki scrutinised them, his green eyes calculating his captives carefully. Despite the silencing spell he has conjured his captives remained resilient seemingly still screeching their mouths moving with no sound escaping.For a moment, he let himself imagine the things they would be yelling had his captives still retained their voices. Their clenched fists angered expressions and constant wriggling in their chains like the worthless worms they were was just an indication of their emotions and thoughts of their situation.Loki couldn’t resist raising a razor-shaped eyebrow at his guests. If their indignant, outraged and furious facial expressions were anything to go by Loki would think that angered them further. He considered the situation from their perspective, just for a second, his head tilting ever so slightly as he envisaged it and couldn’t help but allow a sharp smile full of teeth appear on his face. Loki wasn’t one to shy away from flaunting and flashing his approval of mischievous situations.Quickly growing bored with the silence Loki flicked a finger forward flourishing his magic at his victims. Their cries, calling and conversing continued echoing around the room their voices combing into confusion, chaos, and cacophony. In the commotion Loki remained relaxed against the wall, an elbow supporting his weight on the rough surface and one ankle resting on the back of the other watching and waiting indifferent to the targets objections.He didn’t have to wait long.The sound of footsteps slowly but surely could be heard through the door continuing closer and closer. As the noise nearer his captive’s attention was caught, one by one, until each individual member was watching the door.Loki lingered against the wall still, although, his attention was rapt with the reverberating tap, tap, tap of sneakers nearing their destination. For a split second the sound stopped as it reached the door. A small chuckle drifted through the door and Loki’s grin grew the corners of his mouth twitched with his desire to laugh aloud.The door swung open suddenly slamming against the wall with a resounding crash. The man on the other side of the doorway sauntered inside the room. Ignoring the captives from the moment the door opened he locked eyes with Loki. Stalking forward the closed the gap between them, his eyes mirrored the mirth and glee that Loki felt himself. As the other nearer, he avoided the stunned and silent captives chained across the other side of the room. The other’s attention was solely on Loki.Once within reach, Loki extended his hand, grabbing the other’s tie and proceeded to pull him into his proximity- where he belonged.With a chuckle, the other raised his rough calloused hand to the nape of Loki’s neck, his thumb caressing the area there with clear and obvious affection.“Hey there, Hot Stuff.”Loki leaned into the lingering touch a moment before replying, “Anthony.”Anthony’s eyes crinkled with enjoyment and his demeanour openly relaxed as he removed what little space was left between them. With eyes, thoughts, and desire for Loki, Anthony shifted seamlessly into Loki’s awaiting embrace, his face resting against Loki’s, his lips mere millimetres from Loki’s ear. His luscious lips brushed gently against his jaw and lower ear as he murmured, “Loki.”

The shock of the others was malleable, Loki felt his lover’s smile against his skin. Anthony had his back to the captives but Loki remained facing his foes, he eyes lazily roaming their dishevelled forms. Sensing the initial shock wearing off from them he languidly lifted a long, slender finger in their direction silencing them. They were taking up part of Loki’s attention which he found irritating. Nothing should ruin his time and devotion spent on and with his lover.As if recognising Loki’s unpleasant thoughts Anthony slumped further forward into his frame. Though it didn’t go unnoticed to Loki himself his lover’s touch trembling slightly against his skin. Nuzzling gently against Anthony’s cheek, Loki stretched a hand up and around Anthony, pulling him closer still. Placing his palm against his bearded cheek Loki brushed soft strokes sending small sensations with his magic.His lover visibly sighed softly and leaned back in his embrace, not losing contact with him, locking loving eyes at Loki. Anthony’s lips twitched- a sign of his enjoyment at their situation.

“Mischief managed?” he asked slyly, a smirk transforming his face into something roguish as his voice projecting loud in the small room. Loki couldn’t help but reflect his lover’s merriment, grinning sharply.“Indeed,” he replied earnestly and felt his grin soften slightly just for his Anthony.Drawing away from him with a soft squeeze to the juncture of his neck, Anthony lowered his hand, automatically finding Loki’s and twined their fingers together. Loki squeeze
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Feels
Loki Has Issues
Good Loki
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Being Tony
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Cap Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Protective Loki
Tony Whump
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers (2012)
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
not team Cap friendly
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Established Relationship
Secret Relationship
Loki-centric
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
I mean he's sorta good
Tony Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Loki Redemption

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

