Chapter 1: Romantical
    




Chapter Text
Wade loved May Parker. Like, loved her. Like, sometimes he got legit sad that they hadn’t gone to high school together because they would have had such fun (and then maybe he would have remembered high school happening). Today, they had gone with her to see her friend Barbara’s daughter, who’d just had a baby, making Barbara a grandma for the first time. As the three of them stood in the hallway, waiting for Barbara to bring the baby out of the bedroom for them to greet (because Mommy was going to take a nap while baby was distracted by visitors), May turned to Peter and crossed her arms. “Why am I not a grandma yet?”
Before Peter could ask how that would work, Wade crossed his arms in the exact same fashion as May and asked, “Yeah, honey. Why isn’t she?”
Peter sighed a little, looking at the two of them as he often did, as if he loved them both very much but also wasn’t sure if letting them hang out together was a great idea.
All family drama was forgotten when the baby arrived. Barbara proudly handed the tiny human to May, who expertly took it into her arms. Wade’s heart clenched with both happy and sad as he looked at the itty face which was still very scrunched up from having recently been in an amniotic sack – his Ellie had been this little, and while he was so SO glad he could be around for the kid part of her life, he would always mourn that he’d missed the baby part.
“Do you want to hold her, Wade, sweetie?” May asked him.
Huh. Normally Wade found clever ways to avert such offers, but he for some reason said yes please to holding this baby (who he now knew was a lady [at least for the time being]). May made it easy, placing the baby’s head securely in the crook of his arm and hovering with her hands until the two of them were settled. Wade’s dad-instincts (which he had, evidently) kicked in, and he gently swayed a bit, which he was pleased to see made the slightly fussy baby relax back into perpetually-sleepy-newborn mode. He smiled as he heard May bragging to Barbara that Wade had a little girl, too.
This moment was so very very gay and squishy that he simply had to share it with Peter, so when he looked up, he was quite surprised to see his love looking at him with an expression that was unmistakably – feral. Yep. It was feral. Peter’s gorgeous big eyes were locked on Wade with scary intensity, and Wade could almost hear the impure thoughts in his head. He concentrated on gently swaying as he tried to communicate with his boyfriend using eyebrow-language, but Peter suddenly shook himself and looked away from him, as if mastering himself with great effort. So that was – weird. And exciting.
On the ride home together (May had decided to stay and help Barbara for a while [Wade suspected there was more to their friendship than met the eye {and he shipped it}]) Wade was sure Peter would explain his unexpected and oh-so-thrilling reaction. Peter had been kind of uncharacteristically quiet, so Wade waited patiently, until his Spidey finally turned to him with a super-thoughtful expression.
“Can you get pregnant?”
That was – not what he’d been anticipating. “Uh – not that I’m aware.”
“Right,” Peter said, shrugging dismissively at his own question. “Yeah, I just thought maybe with your special stuff that might be a thing, but that wouldn’t make sense.”
Wade watched Peter fidget for a moment, then asked, “Can you get pregnant?”
Peter’s eyes went wide. “Do what?”
Wade cocked his head to the side. “You brought it up, sweet cheeks. Is that maybe one of your undiscovered spider powers?”
“Spiders lay eggs,” Peter reminded, voice cracking a bit. “Lots of eggs. I don’t want to lay eggs!”
“Shh,” Wade cooed to him, petting his hair, “I think if either of us could get pregnant we’d know about it already considering how much unprotected sexing we’ve done at his point.”
Peter laughed and nodded, but he still looked slightly nervous, as if he was considering making a stop by the women’s clinic on the way home to pick up some birth control pills. Wade leaned up against his side. “If you did lay eggs, I would help you raise all your illegitimate spider babies.”
And that made Peter give him a small, intimate-feeling smile, followed by a hint of that look from earlier, that feral, intense look that kind of made Wade feel as if he’d been burned but in an exceedingly good way.
But Peter still didn’t explain it to him, and he was still kind of quiet even as they made dinner and sat down to eat. Wade munched delicately on his buffalo wings (which Peter had figured out how to make at home because he was a genius) and watched his guy, almost able to see the fretting happening in his brain. Hufflepuffs were expert fretters, and Wade was actually growing mildly concerned.
“What’s going on in that very-expensive noggin of yours, Spidey-pants?”
Peter looked up and smiled in a benign way that only made Wade more concerned. “Nothing! I’m good.”
Wade just waited, looking at him. Earlier in thei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Breeding
filling
Pregnancy Kink
Rough Sex
Butt Plugs
Fluff
Romance

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

