Work Text:



The world is not yet exhausted; let me see something tomorrow which I never saw before.
Samuel Johnson

Matt was almost home when the storm broke. The pressure had been stuffing his ears and clawing at his skin all day, barely eased by the cooling of the sun going down. It had made him tense and antsy, his temper not much improved by his nightly prowl. Apparently the criminals of Hell's Kitchen, sensing the incoming weather, had gone to ground for the night, leaving Matt with itchy knuckles and nothing to hit.The relief as the first flash of lightning struck was wonderful. He didn't need to count down to the thunder to know that the bolt it followed had been caught on a conductor eight blocks to the north. The second strike was even further away, and from the direction of the wind, Matt felt safe enough to stand for a moment, drinking in the cold wash of air sweeping over him and the rumble of thunder that he could feel all the way to his bones. It seemed to shake some of the tension out of him, as though he was taking his first clear breath of the day. His loft door was right at his back, but as the rain started to hammer off the roof, he decided that he didn't have to go in right away. Pulling off his gloves and helmet, he dropped them and pushed back his cowl, lifting his face to the sky.The rain was coming down in huge drops, a torrent of water so fast and heavy that it all merged into one. Touch, sound and vibration blended into a white noise that overwhelmed his senses however hard he stretched them, so that for a blissful few second there was nothing in his mind but the rush of water, rivers of it streaming down his armor and over his hands, almost impossibly refreshing after the stickiness of the day.Eventually, the torrent eased into something more like a regular rainstorm, although he could still feel the thunder rumbling in the distance. Leaning back against the door, he kept his head tipped upwards, focusing in on the water, taking a moment to just enjoy the feel of it, chasing the path of each drop back to the clouds above.His distraction was why he missed the approach of the other man until feet slammed into the surface of the roof, the tremors of it clear even through Matt's boots. His helmet was on the ground, probably full of water by now, and with the interference of the rain and his own lack of focus, he couldn't immediately tell which way the newcomer was facing. If Matt went for the helmet, the movement might draw attention to him. If he didn't-"My apologies. I did not realize this roof was already taken."The voice was clear, confident and instantly recognizable, the bass notes rumbling through Matt's chest even over the rain. At least now he knew why he hadn't heard the man approach through any normal means."It's fine," Matt said, pushing himself upright. "Although I don't normally have company up here.""I'm sure." The footsteps that came towards him were lighter than Matt would have expected for a man of Thor's size. "As I said, I did not realize there would be anyone else risking the storm."Matt shrugged. "I like the rain," he said. "And there are plenty of conductors on the buildings around here." He had his face turned in Thor's general direction - slightly to his left and definitely up - but knew the glow from the neighboring billboard would give him away. "Also, I could feel it blowing over.""Indeed?" Thor came another step closer, and Matt let himself tune in a little more, pulling Thor's heartbeat, slow and sure, from the surrounding pattern of rain. It didn't change as he came closer. "Daredevil, is it not? I have heard of your exploits." He tipped his head to the side a little. "Although you are not quite what I expected.""Yeah, I get that a lot." He should have been more worried than he was. Thor was not just an alien with tremendous power, he was also an Avenger. While Matt hadn't gone out of his way to avoid them, he hadn't been too sorry that their paths had never crossed. There were enough complications in his life, without having to keep his identity from yet more people. Still, if he'd had to choose, Thor wasn't the worst Avenger to find out about him. At least his own complications were mostly in another dimension. And it was probably too late now anyway. Might as well make the best of it.So despite himself, Matt took a deep breath, grinned, and stepped forwards, holding out his hand. "I'm shorter, right?"Thor laughed, a warm, rich sound, before bypassing Matt's hand to take his arm. This close, there was no way that Thor couldn't tell that Matt hadn't been able to meet his eyes, and that it wasn't just down to neck strain. Even through the armor, there was a noticeable flex in the grip on Matt's arm, and when Thor spoke, he sounded more thoughtful. Interested. "Amongst other things." He released Matt, stepping back a little, so that Matt had the definite feeling that he was being surveyed. "Just when I think I have seen all the surprises Midgardians have
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Thor
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Action
matt meets the avengers
Matt Murdock is a huge troll
Community: daredevilkink
Betting Pool
Thor Is Not Stupid
Thor Is a Good Bro
Sneaky Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Ableism
the Avengers can be slow on the uptake

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Thor
Matt Murdock & Avengers Team

