Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Listen," Tony said, when Steve cornered him in the workshop and kissed him. Really it was less a kiss and more rubbing up on him like a cat in heat, but Tony had been nursing his lust along for months and wasn't going to complain about Steve making the first move. 
Still, one had standards to uphold, and self-sabotage was one of them. 
"Listen," he repeated, "This is -- you are magnificent and I'm a fool to be saying this, but I'm not sure this is smart."
"Probably not," Steve agreed. He frowned. "Uh, was that a no?"
"It's trying really hard to be a no, for your sake," Tony said. "I'm kind of self-destructive -- "
"Aware."
"And neglectful of those I love -- "
"Yeah, Pepper warned me."
"That cunning...anyway. I am also, I'm just putting this out there, old enough to be your father," Tony said. 
Steve's eyes went dark and kind of...wicked. 
"You are," he said, voice dropping low. "Are you saying you don't enjoy that?"
"Enjoy a much younger man with the shoulder-to-waist ratio of a Greek sculpture?"
"Thank you," Steve said, "But I meant the other part."
"Being old enough to be your father?"
Steve nodded. Eagerly. 
Tony gaped at him. "Seriously? A daddy kink? Captain America has a daddy kink?"
"Why?" Steve asked, leaning in. His lips brushed the shell of Tony's ear. "Going to put me over your knee?" 
Tony froze for a moment, then reached up and caught Steve by the ear, pulling him back and away like an errant child.
"Do I need to?" he asked. "You been getting into trouble, Steve?"
Steve gasped, eyes wide, and managed, "No, sir. No, Pop." 
"Are you telling the truth, young man?"
Steve's eyes closed, like he couldn't quite believe what was happening. "Yes, Pop." 
Tony let go of his ear and ruffled his hair. "So you've been a good boy?"
Steve nodded eagerly. "Honest, Pop, I haven't been in any fights or anything."
Tony smiled, thumb rubbing Steve's cheek. "Okay, time out, tell me what you need, here. I am loving all of this, by the way, I just need like, some hand signals or something."
"I don't -- " Steve licked his lips and swallowed, eyes opening. "I wasn't really -- I hadn't thought a lot about it, I was going less for secret fantasy and more for not getting rejected for any sex at all..."
"Take your time," Tony said, as Steve visibly tried to compose himself. "I mean we don't have to leap into the daddy thing right this minute, hot as that was." 
Steve exhaled, nodding.
"You want a Pop," Tony said thoughtfully. "Someone to throw a ball around with? Someone to, what, tell you you've been a good boy? Or is it an only-sex thing?"
"Yes, all of that, but. I want someone to...show me."
"Show you."
"About..." Steve gestured between them, hand lingeringly pointing to his crotch, where the khakis he wore were noticeably bulging. 
Tony made a considering noise. "Someone safe. To explore with."
"Yes," Steve said, sounding relieved. "If that's -- creepy, or -- "
"Well, most fantasies are a little creepy," Tony said, hitching himself up onto his workbench. Seated here he was just a little taller than Steve standing, which was ideal. "Kiddo," he continued, with what he hoped was a paternal smile. "Someone's got to teach you about life."
"Pop?" Steve asked hopefully.
"C'mere," Tony said, gesturing him closer, until Steve was standing just beyond his spread knees. "How old are you now?"
Steve mumbled something.
"Come on, kiddo, I taught you better than to mumble."
"Fifteen," Steve said, a little louder. Tony fought down a groan. So hot, and so wrong. 
"Well, you're practically a man," Tony said. 
"Yes, Pop."
"There's some things you should know before you get any bigger," Tony continued, a little at sea here himself; Howard hadn't exactly been the kind of guy to give Tony the Talk. He'd gotten that from a girl at MIT. Enthusiastically. 
"Like what?" Steve asked. 
"The birds and the bees," Tony said with a grin.
"Aw, Pop, I know about that..." Steve trailed off, blushing. 
"So you know what to do with a girl?" Tony asked. Steve blushed harder. "Or a boy?"
"Well. Not really, but -- "
"Then let your Pop show you a few things," Tony said, and leaned back a little. Steve's eyes flicked down to his groin. Tony grinned and cupped the fabric around his erection. Steve looked away.
"It's fine, kiddo. It's natural to want to compare. You'll be as big as me someday," he added. He leaned forward and Steve grunted when Tony grabbed him through the khakis. "Maybe are already," he conceded, feeling him out. "Everything working right?"
"Pop -- " Steve groaned. 
"Come on, baby boy," Tony said, tugging him closer with his other hand on Steve's belt. "Let Pop teach you about it. Show me your pretty dick, Steve."
Steve's hips jerked a little at that, but his hands went shakingly to his belt, unbuckling it, and then pushing his pants and underwear down, stepping out of them. He pulled his shirt up. 
"Off," Tony ordered, tugging on it. Steve huffed, very like a teenager, and pulled it over his head. He seemed unsure ab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Roleplay
Age Play
Daddy Kink
Underage Roleplay
Incest roleplay
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

