Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“You know my rules,” Alex said, her arms crossed as she stared down the alpha. He was still favoring one arm and working his jaw around, but really, he could have been worse off.They were collected in Momma Alex’s office. She was dressed for the job in a tightly cut suit that showed off her slim features. She chose dark coloring to make her bright blonde hair and piercing blue eyes stand out. Her hair was cut short and sharp, making her look strong and professional. Peter knew she carried a gun at all times at the small of her back, just in case.“It’s not like I meant to! I was lost in the moment! There was no reason for him to—”“He had every reason,” Alex snapped. “You’re on the ban list of no less that eight brothels in New York because you can’t keep you teeth out of omega flesh.”The John growled, displeased with being lectured. Likely, he wasn’t used to it. Alphas tended to be spoiled. “I don’t see what the big damn deal is! It’s not like they’re gonna mate bond with anyone! What’s a little bite gonna do?”“You’re banned for six months.”The John scoffed and threw Alex and Peter the finger, shouting a few choice words on his way out. “Fucking uppity wannabe alpha bitches!”People didn’t particularly like female alphas, but Alex was used to such comments. They didn’t really affect her anymore, or at least, not where it showed. She just seemed exhausted as she sighed and slumped against the wall of her office. Peter rolled his eyes from where he was seated on the loveseat, taking another swig from his water bottle.“Will you have a mark?”“Nah.” Peter rubbed his neck over the spot where the alpha had nearly broken the skin. “I was ready for it, so I got my thumb in his mouth in time. He was easy to flip across the room after that. Pretty sure he disliked that part more.”Alex let out a huff of a laugh. “I bet.”“Peter-Peter-Peter, I’m so sorry!” Adam scurried into the room, arms hugged tight around himself, eyes filling up with tears. “I’m so so so so sorry! That was my John and I made you deal with it and—”“Don’t worry about it, Adam,” Peter soothed. “I still got paid and he can’t even come back here for a while. Win-win, right?”Adam sniffled and looked no less guilty. “I’m sorry I’m so useless,” he muttered miserably.It squeezed Peter’s heart to hear that. Frankly, it was normal to hear male omegas say that about themselves, considering they were told that all their lives. That didn’t mean Peter liked it. Besides, most male omegas were smaller framed and given little in the way of options to bulk up or learn self defence. The only person in Momma Alex’s brothel that had an advantage over alphas, was Peter.Had Adam taken that John, he would have been marked with a bite and roughed up a little. Perhaps that didn’t seem so scary in the short term, and most alphas thought that way, which was why they didn’t care to control themselves. However, alphas in rut  hate  seeing another alpha’s bite on an omega. It was dangerous to show off once in the middle of things and would likely mean being passed up in the first place. A bite severely limited earning potential until it healed.Assuming it didn’t scar and leave the omega struggling for work forever more.But alphas didn’t care about that. They looked down on omegas that entered into the sex industry, even though it was  their  rules that created a world where male omegas had little choice but to do so.Not to mention, bites in places where bond marks were supposed to go was rude in general, if the alpha didn’t intend to keep the omega. Lots of alphas lost themselves in their ruts, becoming possessive, and would decide they wanted to keep the omega they were currently fucking for life. However, once the arousal addled state was over, the alpha could walk away, but the omega was ruined.“Don’t ever be afraid to ask me for help, okay?” Peter smiled. “Really. I don’t mind.”That was a lie. He did mind. Peter hated his job and he hated it more that he had to take on the worst of the worst every time he had a client. However, the thought of any of the other omegas ending up with one of those asshole alphas that just wanted to hurt them, all because Peter  didn’t feel like it that day… That was unacceptable.As an omega, Peter couldn’t do much to help people or make the world a better place, powers or no powers, but he  could  protect the world he lived in.“You’re so nice,” Adam blubbered and then broke down crying. Peter sighed. Adam was a sensitive soul.He was also a romantic, still hoping for a Disney prince to carry him away from this world of harsh reality. Peter always felt the urge to yell at Adam to be more realistic, to toughen up, but really, he couldn’t take away from someone the one thing that kept them going. So Peter would just awkwardly keep his silence.“Alright! Out you go!” Alex walked forward to usher Adam out. “I’m gonna do a check-up on Peter. Jason! Hey! Come o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omegaverse
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Sex
inaccurate depiction of the sex industry
canon sorta
with lots of changes
Anal Sex
Sex Toys
D/s elements
Light BDSM
Oral Sex
omega!Peter
Alpha!Wade
Switching
Prostitute!Peter
Sexism
Violence
in the past and upcoming in the fic
Praise Kink
consensual humiliation kink
Rough Sex
Peter has anger issues omg
Sounding
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

