Chapter 1





Chapter Text
            It was a nice enough day in New York when the Doombots attacked. It was always a nice enough day in New York when the Doombots attacked. Honestly, Stiles was surprised that the morning weatherman didn’t just announce ‘Cloudy with a Chance of Doombot’ when it was clearly a thing.            At first, the tendency toward city-wide disaster had been somewhat alarming, though not entirely as terrifying as it could have been. He’d spent the better part of his high school career sealing five separate Ancient Evils into their respective trees, talismans, and tupperware containers. It had still been a shock to see his first real alien smack against and slide down his dorm window.            After several months in the city, he should have looked at the bright blue sky overhead and said, “Hey, Derek, I know your mom is in town and all, but do you think we could just...order in?”            He was beginning to wonder if the food service industry in this town had mandatory disaster training, because otherwise there was no way in hell anyone was making enough to sign up as a delivery guy.            He’d wheedled a bit about how poor he was and how little he wanted to puzzle out a menu written entirely in French. Judging by the look on Derek’s face, one did not simply ask Talia Hale to meet them at McDonald’s.            The restaurant itself was quaint, and the hostess was friendly, even with one member of their party in what were potentially the rattiest pair of jeans known to man. Talia took one look at him, shook her head, and smiled at the paint stains riddled here and there. She’d called him her ‘little starving artist’, even though he was an Anthropological Sciences Major.            Laura rolled her eyes and told him that he smelled like acrylic paint and lubricant, and Cora laughed until her mother swatted her upside the head. The entire time, Derek’s hand remained firmly on his knee, squeezing periodically while the Hale women alternated between intimidating and teasing as one might change from left foot to right.            Stiles didn’t mind.            It was nice to have sisters, no matter how Derek claimed otherwise, and it was nice to bask in Talia’s attention now and then, even if it did make him a bit of a kiss-ass. (Let it never be said that the Hale clan was not in possession of the nicest set of asses seen by man.)            Overall, it was shaping up to be a wonderful afternoon, filled with great food and laughter, until a Doombot crashed into the awning. Stiles tossed his fork down, the clatter of metal on porcelain nothing against the roaring and crashing from all around them.            “Again!” He snapped, and Talia blinked at him before looking at Derek.            “This is normal?”            “Well, no, we’re not usually right in the middle of it.”            “There’s still alien juice on my window.”            “Not helping.”            “It’s puce.”            Cora kicked him under the table, and Stiles jolted. The waitress was busy huddling for cover with the rest of the terrace patrons, and it was doubtful the staff would be too concerned with today’s profit margin in the face of the abrupt robot attack, but Talia left enough to cover the meal and a generous tip as she stood from her chair.            Once the rest of them were on their feet, she began coolly listing instructions, “The hotel is our closest bet. We’ll need to take a less-traveled route. Stiles, Cora, I’m sure your professors will understand if you need to stay the night. Laura--” She broke off, staring at where her two remaining children should have been.            “Uh…” Cora shifted guiltily, and Talia rubbed at her temples. “So there’s that?”            Stiles snorted, “So we’re going after them, right?”            “Oh, absolutely.”            In a split second, Talia launched herself over the terrace railing and planted a foot squarely in the chest of the nearest Doombot before storming down the streets of New York. Cora and Stiles jogged to catch up.

------             The good news is that they find Derek and Laura a few blocks away. The bad news is that they’ve been surrounded by a bunch of paramilitary types and are, apparently, about to be tranquilized.            From the look on Laura’s face, Stiles kind of hopes for their sakes that they’ve got some elephant-grade nappy-time drugs. Otherwise everyone’s going home with a brand new asshole. It hits him after a moment that, no, Laura and Derek getting blow-darted into oblivion is a seriously bad thing. He moves to step closer and Talia presses a hand to his chest, shaking her head.            “It won’t do them any good for us to get shot, too.” Cora whispers, as if the mob of troops is going to be suddenly distracted from the roaring she-wolf in their midst.            “We did you a favor, dickwad! We’re not going anywhere!” Laura is baring her fangs, but thankfully otherwise human in appearance. Maybe they’ll just think she
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Alive Hale Family
Magical Stiles Stilinski
Doombots
No really Doombots Everywhere
Stiles is getting sick of all the Doombots
Sexually Liberated Talia Hale
Flagrant disregard for goverment agencies
Crack
Fluff
Established Relationship
BAMF Talia
BAMF Laura
Sassy Cora
Alternate Universe
Fusion
Avengers - Freeform

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski

