Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve leaned back in his seat on the Quinjet, glancing at Clint and Scott who’re sitting opposite of him. They seemed nervous, Clint clenching his jaw all the time and Scott just sitting there, fondling the photo of his daughter. Steve looked over at Wanda, who had tilted her head back a little bit, as if sleeping. Sam was right next to her, head leaned against his seat, eyes closed. Eventually, Steve caught Natasha’s look, who was sitting beside him.“You ok?” She asked.“Yeah…” He hesitated, “We’re gonna be home.”“It will be alright.” Natasha put her hand on his shoulder in support, “Like the old days.”“Yeah.” Steve looked at her, forcing a smile of relief. Two years had passed, though everything would be fine, like old days. But he couldn’t keep his smile until their arrival at the Compound in Upstate, New York.Tony wasn’t there. Instead, there was a stranger greeting them.“Hello,” She said, “I’m Fridaline, assistant to Ms.Potts. Please follow me, I’ll take you around our new Compound.”They seemed uncertain, not knowing why an employee of Stark Industries would be given that job for them.  Though, honestly they did need to look around. The Compound was rebuilt bigger and better with more sections added, which they didn’t know about.Fridaline seemed to understand their curiosity toward her presence – the young and beautiful ginger assistant – smiled politely, before she explained, “There was a member of the Avengers who should have been here to introduce you to the Compound, but unfortunately they are all busy right now so…” Her smile faded awkwardly, something untold behind it that caught their awareness too: The New Avengers were busy as fuck, nobody had time for them.“Where is Tony?” Steve frowned, but tried not to be rude by deepening his voice down.Fridaline’s smile froze for just a second, then it became brighter – maybe Steve was so sensitive about that – and fake. “Mr.Stark isn’t here; he’s on his own business. I am not allowed to talk about his schedule without permission. Sorry.”Steve still wanted to say something but a glance from Natasha shut him up. Fridaline continued leading them in, stopping at the identifier machine before going through the large brightly lit hallway. She gave each of them a card and explained, “These are your ID cards to access most parts of the facility. They are also integrated to your bank account with 1000 base dollars. If it has the blue line on it, that means you are all on Level Two. If you see the red line anywhere, please remember that you are not allowed to access that area.”“Just like SHIELD.” Natasha grinned.“Yes, it’s one of the tiny, poor things that Mr.Stark had learned from it.” The reply made Natasha’s grin freeze. The team shared a look with each other, all realizing nothing but the truth: This assistant was definitely not an angel.They went through the hall, taking a look at almost all the parts of the Compound: the common room, the kitchen, the dining room (with a cafeteria that, if you want to eat something, you have to pay for, everyone rolled their eyes at that, but Fridaline ignored them), the library, the training room, the pool, the garage,…but Fridaline almost ignored the east area.“What’s over there?” Wanda blinked, curious.“Private area. I don’t recommend you attempt to access it, unless you are invited.”“By whom?” Clint asked.“By someone who can do that; like Ms.Potts or Mr.Stark himself.”Steve wanted to snort at that, he could hear Clint murmur something like ‘drama queen…’ and then, again, Fridaline ignored them.At the end of the tour, she led them back to the west section where they had lived before. “Your rooms are still there, just put your things in and you’re done. If you are hungry, feel free to buy something from the cafeteria. You will all be free tonight, do whatever you want. Tomorrow, there will be an employee from the Sokovia Accords Committee coming to work with all of you. Any questions?”They glanced at each other before they shook their heads, taking their baggage up to their own rooms. Only Steve stayed, asking Fridaline before she left, “When will Tony come back?”She threw him a stare, answering, “I’m sorry I don’t know. That depends on his progress.” Then she walked away. Steve went back to his room, completely cheesed off.An hour later, he heard a knock on the door. Opening it, he saw Natasha and Wanda outside. Natasha asked him, “We’re gonna find something to eat. Want to join us?”Without any reason to refuse, Steve accompanied them to the kitchen. They ran into Vision there.“Viz!” Wanda exclaimed happily.The android turned around, replying to her politely, “Good evening, Miss Maximoff.” He also nodded to the two others and then went back to the uncooked spaghetti still in the pot. Wanda’s face turned into some kind of dumb-struck emotion, Vision seemed so distant from her.“What are you cooking?” She didn’t giv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark/Peter Quill
Vision/Friday

freeform: 
alternate endings
alternate couples
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Fluff and Smut
Implied Smut
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
fluff for Tony
Friday is human
why not
I Don't Even Know
I'm Bad At Tagging
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Tags will be added
BAMF Pepper Potts

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Tony Stark/Peter Quill
Vision/Friday

