Chapter 1: Recruitment
    


Summary:

In which the recruitment of several SI employees turned out to be a bit more exciting than what it sounds like. And not in a good way.
 
[or, the reason why SWORD's got some strong feelings about certain things and people.]



Notes:
SWORD-centric, set during Chapter 4 of TWiFFON, covering the events of The Winter Soldier.
 
Chapter-specific warnings: the usual [unreliable narrator, closer-to-Skynet-than-not!JARVIS, etc.], plus loss of trust [thanks for absolutely nothing, HYDRA], mental health issues [tied with loss of trust, because some SHIELD agents weren't as lucky as others, and with HYDRA's brainwashing tech? yeah...no], civilian and child endangerment [mentioned in passing as a potential threat, nothing graphic and it got averted] a situation that's misinterpreted as domestic violence and shares some very uncomfortable parallels to it too [due to circumstances in-story, and that bit I'm slightly iffy about but couldn't come up with any alternatives as to how it'd be seen as, sorry]
Some pretty tense situations, overall. I mean, it's CA2, there's nothing for it. Happy endings, overall, though, so...that's something, right?

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

If you are reading this on any website that isn't archiveofourown, then please know it was stolen and reposted without my permission. This entire fic is freely available, for non-commercial use only.
 
 
 
Tamara Miller didn't know what hit her. Or who.
She didn't get a phone call, or a text, didn't have any more warning other than a shadow coming the wrong way of her computer before her world went dark and the next month(?) or so was little more than a grey blur interspersed with brief moments of clarity and agony.
For a program analyst, she thought she hadn't been anything special, just another face among many at SHIELD, albeit with very good luck when running ops that went to hell.
 
Apparently, however, someone on her floor had thought she'd "had potential".
Tamara's refusal to join HYDRA had meant they'd resorted to…unconventional means, and she didn’t know just how much longer she'd have been able to hold out, if the Iron Legion hadn't invaded the bunker when they had.
She'd lost track of time [seconds bleeding to minutes bleeding to—], didn’t remember where the electrical burns came from [or how old the pool of dried blood was, or the bruises—], but Tamara had found it harder and harder to focus [to tell these assholes to fuck off], to keep her sense of self when the bite of metal around her head and neck was becoming more familiar than her own name, and—
 
The sound of gunfire nearby had never sounded so much like salvation.
With the arrival of the Iron Legion came answers to questions she'd never asked. Like what the hell had happened [fucking Nazis and their goddamn—], like what day it was [she'd lost seventeen days of her life that she was never going to get back], like where she was [a HYDRA bunker not 5 miles from where she'd been stationed, and dear lord did that make her want to hurl].
Tamara's surprise rescuers took her to what had probably been a very spacious and elegant yacht, back before it'd been filled to the brim of traumatized people and families who didn't have more than the clothes off their backs. Considering everything, it was decently stocked, but it had not been meant to be a safehouse.
Then again, could be worse; the close quarters made part of her tense up [and want to run and hide and—], but she knew and trusted some of the people on board, had shared many a late night with some of these people, and the peace of mind of knowing Moreau's kids [the ones he'd gushed about at any opportunity, the ones he'd had a photo album of in his pocket at any time and loved with all his heart—] were okay was…something.
 
 
Apparently, everyone in SHIELD had been burned. [Okay then.]
And Stark had ever-so-kindly given everyone on board the Boatimus Prime […only Stark. Only Tony Stark would give that name to a yacht, but at least it was something to think about other than her new scars, and—] new identities, and a few nondescript lawyers were available via Stark's version of FaceTime so as to discuss possible options.
Tamara wasn't at the top of her game, wasn't anywhere near okay, but…she could work with this.
When the initial offer, of staying with Stark and pretending she really was just Tiffany Maxwell of IT was made, she jumped at the chance.
SHIELD was…no. She could barely figure out where she ended and the HYDRA mind-whammy started [what was her favorite food? She didn't know anymore] and the prospect of going back to the same group that had hired the people she'd been captured by was—no. Just no. [Random goddamn phrases triggered her now, fucking hells no.]
She had nothing to go back to; Tamara Miller's apartment had been burned, both literally and figuratively, she'd kept to herself, and had been an only child who'd thrown herself 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Unreliable Narrator
Mental Health Issues
Loss of Trust
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Not Avengers friendly
Not Team Captain America Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
BAMF everyone
BAMF SI Legal Team
BAMF Stark Industries
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Miscommunication
Accidental World Domination
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags May Change
Stark Industries
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
