Chapter 1: Of Redemptive Heroes and Family Values Villains
    




Chapter Text
Tony stepped out of his car into a sea of microphones. Their shouted questions ran over one another as they all vied for his attention. “Mr. Stark!” “Mr. Stark!” “Have you been following Adrian Toomes’ trial?” “Do you have a response to his accusations?”Christine Everhart’s voice caught his ear and he turned toward, “Really Brown? You’re asking that? And I thought you were smart. How slow of a News day is it?”“Some of my viewers don’t think it’s a stupid question,” Christine replied. “So why don’t you explain: How is what he was doing any different than what you were doing before shutting down Stark Industries’ weapons division? Only you got rich and he’s going to jail.”Tony sighed, “You know defending my former profession isn’t exactly high on my to-do list… But do any of you actually understand what I was doing wrong back then? What I was trying to fix by becoming Iron Man? Come on! I know it was a long time ago but more than a few of you were in the room when I told the world that I had seen SI weapons in the hands of terrorists, did you forget that?”“Yes, Mr. Toomes also made weapons that have harmed the public.”“Straight back from Afghanistan I didn’t know how my weapons ended up being used to kill US troops. You asked me once, Brown, how often I practiced SI’s party line justifying making weapons? Here’s a hint: I lied. It was a line, a way to work my bed into the conversation. Because you in my bed was all I was really interested in discussing. I never had to practice it. It was what I was raised to believe just like my mom tried to raise me to believe ‘For God so loved the world’ and all that. I never practiced that line. I never questioned whether or not it true. The truth is I never thought about it at all… Until I saw the very people I’d been raised to believe I was protecting die right in front of me, killed by weapons my company had made. It was a fucking crisis of faith. I didn’t know how my weapons ended up in the hands of people like Ten Rings. Mil-Aerospace is a regulated industry, there was supposed to be a system in place to keep things like that from happening. I thought the system had failed.“I came back from Afghanistan believing that once I let a weapon out of my hands, that I had no control over what happened with it. I came back believing that the whole system put into place to keep weapons out of the hands of terrorists was hopelessly flawed. When I stood up here and talked about not wanting to be a part of a zero accountability system, that was what I was thinking. But it wouldn’t be long before I’d learn the problem was little closer to home for me.”“Are you referring to subsequent investigation into Stark Industries business practices?” Christine asked. “The one where you were personally cleared of any wrongdoing?”“Yeah. Like I said, making weapons is a regulated industry for the specific purpose of keeping weapons out of the hands of people like the Ten Rings. So it shouldn’t be too surprising to hear that, after I publicly announced that my company’s weapons were being used by terrorists, the government opened an investigation of Stark Industries.“Let me be clear. There was never a legal question around SI’s manufacturing of weapons. I, personally, had some ethical questions about it after getting a first person perspective on what my weapons do to a human body but no one ever questioned whether or not SI was a legal manufacturer of arms for the U.S. military. That I was the one to draw attention to my company’s weapons getting into the hands of terrorists was considered evidence that I hadn’t known about the deals upfront. However, it didn’t even begin to answer the question of whether or not I should have been held legally responsible for failing in my professional responsibility to maintain adequate control over the weapons I built.”“So one might ask if coming forward was a ploy to keep yourself out of trouble?”Tony rolled his eyes, “If that was my end game I never would have gotten out of the arms business. Much as we might want to believe justice is blind everyone knows influence exists. Whatever your personal opinion of me is, it’s simple fact that I’m damn good at what I do. Telling the military that, no matter what the outcome of the investigation into Stark Industries, they weren’t getting any more toys from me was basically the opposite of weighting things in my favor.“The conclusion of the investigation, if anyone cares, was that my XO, Obadiah Stane was selling Stark Tech to the black market behind my back. Due to his roughly forty years of employment with Stark Industries, including several years as CEO immediately following my father’s death, not to mention his extensive personal history with my family, it was decided that I could not be held legally liable for trusting him. Didn't change how I felt personally. I felt like I should have figured out what kind of a man my godfather was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
None
