Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Dude you can’t expect her to do all the work here.”“But it’s MJ. Don’t you think she would’ve said something if she liked me? She does whatever she wants. If she wanted things to change between me and her she’d just, like, walk up and say hey loser we’re dating now.” “You’re making excuses to avoid telling her you like her.” “But Ned—““But nothing, Peter. She might be nervous too. Get your shit together.”“Hey now.” “I’m just saying, friend to friend, you’ve gotta ask her out. You’re gonna make yourself miserable if you say nothing then find out one day she’s met some guy at a protest who’s read even more books than she has.”“Not possible. She’s read everything already. God, she’s so smart, Ned.” “Dude. Not the point.”“Yeah, yeah.” “I think you and MJ would be good. I might not understand it but I can see it. But nothing’s gonna happen if you pursue her with your current method of waiting til she’s out of earshot then telling me how pretty you think she is.” “She’s so pretty. She’s SO pretty, man. She has like, the perfect face.” “Focus, Peter.” “No, I know. I just, I can’t even picture her reaction. Like, what comes after I say I like her? I literally can’t picture it. Is she gonna slap me? Would she just look at me until I evaporate? I feel like she’s gonna stare until I just... am dead. Like, I’ll just be looking at her then I’ll drop dead.” “MJ’s weird but she’s not cruel. Also she’s not a fucking basilisk, what the fuck. She’s our friend, dude. No matter what she wouldn’t purposely try to make you feel bad. And I really do think she likes you too. Girl’s hard to read, but I’ve seen the looks.”“The looks.” “The LOOKS.”“Why is this so much harder than fighting crime.”“I don’t know, man.”“Okay. Fuck, okay, I’m gonna do this.” -------- Peter didn’t do it. Instead, as the bell rang at the end of last period he ran outside to find an empty alley. Changing into his suit he thought about Ned’s advice and breathed a semi-muffled, fully exasperated “fuuuuck” into the mask he tugged over his face. One thwarted mugging and a handful of show-off flips later, Peter was climbing through his window at home. Just in time to hear the buzzer. “May, are you home?” No response. He answered it to a bored-sounding Michelle. “MJ! Hey. What are you, uh, what are you doing here?”“Let me up, Peter.”“Right. See you in a sec!”He quickly shed his suit and shoved it into his backpack before hearing her knock and running to the door, now in sweats and a t-shirt. As he opened it, catching his breath, she narrowed her eyes and gave him a once over. “Am I interrupting something?”“What? No. I’m just, I was just... rearranging... some furniture.” Did his cheeks get slightly pink at that? He tried not to think about it. He also tried not to whack himself in the head. Rearranging furniture, Peter? “Well you’re doing a shit job of it, Parker. Everything looks the same.”“Yeah, I decided it was actually pretty good how it started. Who knew.”Brushing past him she moved into the apartment and laid her backpack against a leg of the kitchen table. “Right. So, is it still cool for us to work on the History project now?”Their conversation from earlier in the week resurfaced in his memory.  “Oh, yeah, yeah of course. I’ll go grab my laptop.”As he re-entered the kitchen, he watched her laying out notecards on the table. He saw her face, tense in concentration, and her hair, illuminated by a setting sunbeam. For a second he let himself just look at her. Swallowing, he took a seat. “Peter, do you have anything to drink?”“Yeah, I’ll grab you a glass of water. Or we have some black tea?”“I was thinking more along the lines of vodka. Wine’d do the trick too.”“Oh. Um. I don’t know. May probably has a bottle somewhere around here. I could—”“Good. Could you pull it out and take a big swig or two? I’m gonna need you to calm down.” Peter blinked and his eyes narrowed.“MJ.”“Peter.” She met his unimpressed look with a smirk.“Seriously man, what’s up with you?” “Nothing?” MJ put her hands up in surrender. “Okay, but you could like, talk to me and stuff if you want to. I hear that’s all the rage with kids these days. If there’s something you need to talk about with someone, I mean. You’ve been acting weird around me lately, and it’s weird.”“I haven’t been weird.” “Peter. You dodged me in the hallways at school today. And yesterday for that matter. I saw you see me and turn the other way, more than once.” She paused. “Lesser mortals would be offended.” Peter met her eyes and quickly looked away. Fuck.“How about we work on History?”“How about you tell me what’s going on with you.”“How about you drop this!” He tried to keep up the lighthearted tone of the conversation, but this last exchange came out more heated than he’d intended.For a second she looked almost hurt, and Peter wished he could be cool for one minute of his life. Hey MJ, I’ve been avoiding you because I’m afraid that I’ll accidentally spill how I’m crazy about you. Hey MJ, sor
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
High School
Friends to Lovers
Some Action
Kidnapping
Fluff and Angst
not so slow burn
What happens when they address the tension and start a relationship
Hurt/Comfort
Teenage Drama
Sexual Content
Falling In Love
Pre-Infinity War
Pre-endgame
Pre-FFH
Anxiety

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

