Work Text:
The first evening that the Exvengers walked into the refurbished compound after three-and-a-half years of sitting in Wakanda, they were met with some of the more... vindictive people on Tony's roster. This had been carefully arranged with help from FRIDAY and Pepper Potts, who had ensured that Tony would be caught up in SI and Accords meetings all day, and then would attend a gala in the the evening. FRIDAY also neglected to inform her boss that the Rogues' schedule had changed so that they would be arriving early, while Pepper spent her day keeping him occupied. As such, Tony was not present for, or aware of, 'Operation: Make Cap Crap A Ton', as it was so aptly named by Spider-Man when he and Deadpool had tried to be involved. Vision was given the task of keeping the two of them away from the compound, with Bruce and Natasha providing backup, while the operation was carried out because no one wanted to be blamed for teaching Peter bad habits or have to dispose of bodies if Wade was got his way. Eventually, Peter promised to keep out of the operation, but only if FRIDAY swore to address Rogers as 'Crap-a-ton', to which she readily agreed. To be honest, they probably still would've been a part of the story but the author had made a deal with Deadpool; promising to write another fic involving him, Logan and some other characters having a confrontation with the Exvengers, some other time.Anyway... ~0~0~0~0~0~James looked around as he stepped into the compound after Steve. The others all seemed to relax when they entered the closest thing to a home they had experienced in a long while. Wakanda was gorgeous and T'Challa was good on his word to provide sanctuary, but they could all feel the underlying tension whenever one of the Wakandans had approached them. The way Princess Shuri had spent a significant amount of time either staring or glaring at them had been another clue that they weren't exactly as welcome as they'd hoped.He didn't really know how he himself felt about living in the home of the Avengers, particularly since it was funded by a man who they had all betrayed at some point or another during the 'Civil War'. James supposed that some of the others were thinking similar thoughts, considering the strange, guilty expressions on both Clint and Scott's faces. They had both been a lot more withdrawn from the group recently and he suspected that they hadn't really thought through their stances during the conflict when they'd been choosing sides. James was brought out of his musings when he heard Steve addressing someone."Friday? Are Tony and Natasha around? I think we'd all like to speak to them- it's been a while since we last saw them." James looked around to see who he was addressing and startled when an Irish lady's voice rang out from the... ceiling?"Sorry, Crap-a-ton, but I'm afraid that there was a miscommunication as to the time of your arrival, so Boss is currently in a board meeting and Agent Romanov is running a mission for the Avengers." After recovering from his surprise, James not only noticed the obvious hostility the woman who was speaking held towards Rog- Steve, but also the more subtle note of amusement her voice held when she said the word 'mission'. He wouldn't be surprised to find out that "Friday" had carefully planned this meeting so she could deliver some kind of shovel-talk to the team, which, James supposed, was fair enough.Steve, however, didn't seem to see it like that, and was obviously taken aback by being addressed as "Crap-a-ton" (James actually thought it was pretty funny). He opened his mouth to verbally confront the woman, who must have been speaking through a PA system of some kind, when Lang- Scott- spoke up."Wait, wait, wait!" Everyone looked to the engineer whose wide-eyed shock was almost comical. "This is Friday? As in Stark's AI? That Friday!?"Clint, whose surprise at Scott's reaction looked to have brought him out of his withdrawn mood, answered in a confused voice. "Um? Yes, Scott. I thought we'd mentioned that she runs the compound?"James was a bit confused here, but luckily Scott, who was still shocked, looked like he was going to say more. James was always adept at picking up various situations just by listening to fragments of conversation, so he was confident he could piece together what was going on based on whatever Scott said next."No- Nuh uh. Nope. No. Really? No way. Although... No! No, no-no. Not possible. But if anyone could... No, still no. No really, seriously. Just no."...Or maybe not."Scott, buddy?" Sam broke through Scott's ramble/meltdown. "Um. What?"Scott took a deep breath. "There is no way that she's an artificial intelligence." At the questioning looks he received he elaborated. "An artificial intelligence is just that- artificial. And I don't care how good a programmer you are, you cannot input real emotion into a computer. You can't program sentience."James was sort of getting what Scott was saying, but he still wasn't sure wha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Let's make something clear
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
fuck you steve
Not Wanda Friendly
Protective Stephen
Protective Jessica
Protective Matt
Matt and Foggy are a team
So are Matt and Jessica
But the three of them are even better
Vengeful Friends
Plausible Deniability
Tony Has Real Friends
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Protective Rhodey
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Rhodey Feels
POV Multiple
But Stephen Kind Of Took Over
Foggy and Matt Are Lawyers
Jessica Is A Good Bro
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Stephen Is A Good Bro
Tony Feels

fandom: 
None
