Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Even in the soft gray sweatpants, Clint has to tense his whole body to keep from shivering. He thinks back to the whirlwind the last few days have been, thinks about how they’ve worn him thin. Standing here, standing in this unfamiliar living room, his brain knows he has won, but he can’t convince the sub part of himself. That part is stretched too thin. Has lied to too many doms. Has flipped between various personalities too many times.So he stands
 bad sub bad sub bad sub bad sub bad sub bad sub 
and shivers.“You’re allowed to go into your room,” an impatient voice interrupts, shattering the mental spiral and giving rise, in its turn, only to deeper turmoil. Clint cannot tell if this is a subtle order or a straightforward permission, and there’s nothing left of him to try and decide. He’d fought so hard to get here but had never considered the “what then?” to follow.It’s too late now. He’s dropping, hard and without being put down. He takes the phrase as an order – because it’s the least likely choice to lead to pain – and shuffles the few feet to his bedroom door. You’ve never had your own room before. Not in a real way  .  You don’t deserve it. You don’t deserve a real home. You won’t know what to do with it. He manages to close the door behind him before the rest of his consciousness fluctuates away from him. As he goes under, he hears the voice of a frustrated dom outside. At the very least, he hears a dom who isn’t afraid of a few curse words. Your dom  , his brain tries to inform him.  And mad, too. He struggles for the name –  what kind of sub can’t remember his dom’s name?  – but there’s no room.“Sorry,” he says, to no one, and then fades into the shaking white-noise panic of an unwanted drop.__________He wakes on the floor with dry spit sticking heavily to his tongue and teeth. It’s much darker than when he went down – no more light coming in from under the door – but he’s still alone in the room. His head hurts and the room’s spinning, but he manages to get to his feet. At least the feeling of climbing his own way out of an unexpected drop is familiar, even if the smell of the carpet isn’t.He listens, but the whole apartment is silent. Not silent in the way where Clint would expect to find an inhabitant on the couch, quietly reading a book, but instead it’s silent in the way where Clint knows everyone is asleep. Everyone but him.He turns and stumbles his way through the dark room to where he remembers the bathroom being.
 “And this is your room. Bathroom’s attached. It’s all yours, but at least keep it clean, okay?” 
His own room. His own bathroom. His own set of dresser drawers with clothes that are warm and soft and fit his body without him having to patch or take in or hem.Clint knows the situation isn’t perfect. If one dom is dangerous, then two will only be worse. Especially when both doms have been without a sub for longer than Clint has been without a dom. But it’s better than prison. Especially the kind of prison that he’d been headed to before Agent Coulson had shown up with a bland smile and a Proposition.Clint flips the light switch in the bathroom and looks at his emaciated face in the mirror. He momentarily hesitates over running the water, because he doesn’t know how loud it will be or how good his supersoldier doms’ hearing really is. Then he decides ‘fuck it’ and turns the handle. If he’s going to be beaten for running the faucet at night, he’d rather go ahead and learn that now.He puts his mouth into the stream and sucks down as much water as he can handle comfortably before he rinses and spits a few times. It doesn’t completely get rid of the dry mouth feeling, but it makes it manageable enough that he thinks he’ll be able to fall asleep.As he walks back out toward the bed, head still throbbing out of sync with his footsteps, he pets the soft fabric of his sweatpants. His own sweatpants, picked out just for him. Emotion wells up, as unwelcome as it is inevitable, and Clint rubs tears out of his eyes.No, he’s not stupid enough to believe two doms will be easy, but there’s something to be said for the fact that he is warm and clothed and not bleeding on the floor. So maybe, just maybe, he will finally be able to keep this up. Maybe he’ll figure out how to keep his mouth shut and how to be more useful than he is annoying. Maybe he’ll be good enough that they’ll let him stay in their bed sometimes, snuggled up between them after they’re done fucking the ability to walk a straight line out of him. He’ll lie very very still. They won’t even know he’s there.
 A fuck up like you should have learned to set more reasonable goals a long time ago. 
He lets the fantasy comfort him anyway. He lets it lull him back to sleep, even as his emotions continue to jackrabbit around in his head.He’s not bad enough that he’s near relapsing into a secondary drop, but he’s still destabilized enough that he cries himself back to sleep, clasping his pillow in front of him like a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Sam Wilson/Natasha Romanoff (Background)
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Dom/sub
Power Imbalance
Communication Failure
and given that power imbalance those communications failures have real consequences
Spanking
Belts
Canes
Bondage
Hurt/Comfort
references to past abuse
accidental abuse
Unhealthy Relationships With Food
self-harming behaviors
Sub Clint Barton
Dom Bucky Barnes
Dom Steve Rogers
Domestic Violence
Sexual Content
Angst with a Happy Ending
Polyamory

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Sam Wilson/Natasha Romanoff (Background)
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

