Chapter 1: Time For Dinner
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter was sitting, bored, in his sixth period class. Spanish is one of Peter's worst classes, yet he could never remember to pay attention, instead thinking about his latest escapades as Spiderman. Suddenly, he could hear his name being called.
"Mr. Parker, are you still here with us?" Señora Hernandez said.
Peter jerked his head in a quick nod, and then focused on the words on the board.
"Can you then tell us the English translation of the words on the board please?" His teacher asked.
Peter gave another quick glance to the words and then responded.
"Good morning. What is your name?"
His teacher looked displeased but accepted his translation nonetheless. She turned back to teaching the rest of the class, and Peter sighed in relief. A glance to the clock showed him that he had about 10 minutes left of class. Thank god.
-
Peter rushed out of school as soon as the bell rang, his binder and notebooks hanging out of his half-zipped backpack as he raced through the halls. He passed by Flash and was soon so far from him that he couldn't even hear the insult Flash shouted as he realized Peter had passed him. He was out of the doors before most of the school. He checked to see if anyone was watching, and then jumped the fence and raced over the field to the street. Finally, he slowed down and shoved his earbuds in as soon as he got a block away from the school. He had decided that he wasn't going on patrol tonight, as Aunt May had been on his ass about it, and he had gotten a bit hurt last night. Aunt May required him to take one night off a week, so tonight would do.
He massaged his ribs, wincing as he hit a particularly sore spot. This is what he had been dreaming about in Spanish, fantasizing what would have happened if he had instead kicked the robber after he had kicked him. The robber had gotten a good kick to Peter's ribs, and Peter was paying so much attention to the pain, that he didn't notice the robber racing out of the small jewelry store with a bag of stolen goods. Not one of his finest moments. He had been thinking about it since last night, absorbed by the thoughts of what if, what if? He'd been doing this for over a year now, he should be past this.
Suddenly, Peter was pulled from his thoughts when his spidey sense went off, alerting him to the expensive black car that had been tailing him for a little while. He slowed down a bit, and so did the car. As Peter began to turn around to confront the car, it sped up and stopped in front of him. 
Happy got out of the front and walked to open the door for him.
"Get in, kid. We didn't want to ambush you at school, so we followed you for a bit."
Peter climbed in and realized Mr. Stark was also present in the car, flicking through stuff on his phone in the seat in the back with Peter. He hadn't seen Mr. Stark since Aunt May had called him over and shouted at him for hours. Mr. Stark had wisely stayed clear since that fight. It had been a couple weeks, and if Peter was to be honest, he had kinda missed him. He was glad he was here, but was also worried about what Aunt May would do if she found out.
Mr. Stark seemed to read his mind, and quickly assured Peter he had already cleared everything with his aunt.
"With all the stuff that went down after the little Vulture incident, we never got to properly celebrate your victory, kid! So, I'm taking you to dinner at this little Italian restaurant that I love, and we can have a little celebration, you and me," Mr. Stark told him.
Peter's eyes went as wide as saucers as he took in what Mr. Stark was saying. Dinner? Just the two of them? If this wasn't Peter's biggest dream, he didn't know what was. And, to make it ever better, they were celebrating Peter's gigantic accomplishment!
"Uhh... this is the most awesome thing ever, Mr. Stark!! This is even better than Ned's Lego Death Star!" Peter told him excitedly.
Mr. Stark smiled at that, and then just ruffled Peter's hair. Soon, they were pulling in front of a small, but fancy Italian restaurant. Nothing too much, so they wouldn't be getting too much publicity. Happy dropped them off, then drove away as Peter and Mr. Stark entered the restaurant.
"Stark, reservation for two," the billionaire told the serving girl, who couldn't have been more than 19 and who looked like her whole life had been made because she was showing Tony Stark to his table. Peter just followed with wide, puppy dog eyes, drinking everything in.
They sat, and Mr. Stark got a Coke, while Peter got a lemonade. Then, the two began to talk as the bread and salad arrived.
"So Peter," Mr. Stark said in between bites of salad," That was a pretty ballsy thing you did a couple weeks ago. Thank you, by the way. I don't think I ever got the chance to say that to you. Because of you, all my stuff is safe and out of evil's hands."
Peter blushed and stammered out a response."Ohhh, it was no-nothin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
just some good fluff
Fluff
Angst
Light Angst
Dad!Tony
Son!Peter
homecoming just gave me so many father-son vibes
5+1 Things
plus a little bonus chapter
Father-Son Relationship
i love this little family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

