Chapter 1: Day 1: Somnophilia
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Day 1: Somnophilia


Danse/Hancock

 

They'd set hard lines down the moment they became official. Danse, still so unsure of himself, had insisted that Hancock make a list, an actual, physical list of things he was into, so he knew before he crossed any bounds. Half the items on the list were a complete mystery to him, but it was nice to have it in writing just the same. Danse's own list was a work in progress; he hadn't tried much, so he modified it whenever Hancock did something particularly interesting.

 

Finding out all the strange little things that turned him on was an extremely gratifying puzzle to solve. Right now, curled around Hancock, the smaller man's back to his chest, he focused on unraveling the new desire that was threatening to overwhelm him.

 

One broad palm ghosted over Hancock's bare shoulder, lightly enough that he didn't even stir. Danse traced little abstract shapes over the ruined flesh of his arms and down his back, taking time to explore. In the waking world, he'd be too ashamed to linger this long, to feel the divets of sinewy muscle beneath questing fingertips. Ever since leaving the Brotherhood, he made an effort to work through the internalized bigotry, the disgust he'd thought was instinctual, but now realized was drilled into him. Normally, he pushed aside his shame at laying with a ghoul, ignored that and only focused on the man he was with, on Hancock as a person. Now, with no one to remind him how wrong it was, not even Hancock awake enough to shoot a sly comment at him, Danse took his time.

 

Yes, Hancock was a ghoul. His skin was burned beyond recognition, his body pulled taut as a bowstring, those eyes—when they weren't shut tight in sleep—were solid black. Danse's fingertips brushed over where Hancock's lips should be, the pit that had once been his nose, and up to cradle the back of his bald head. He found it didn't bother him as much as he thought it should; in his way, Hancock was fascinating, even beautiful.

 

In the darkness of their little Goodneighbor bedroom, he was free from the judgement that once had defined him; no one was watching as he leaned in and brushed a soft kiss to Hancock's mouth. The other man sighed through his nose, but did not wake. Gaining courage, Danse kissed at the corner of his mouth, then down along his jaw. Leaning up on one elbow, he watched the flicker of dreams behind his eyelids, then moved his kisses lower to mouth at his neck. Still, Hancock slept.

 

Danse's heart beat triple time in his chest. Though he knew (thanks to the list) Hancock didn't mind being woken up with sex, he still felt a sense of apprehension. The wrongness of it made the blood tingle in his veins. He realized with a start that he was already hard. Suddenly grateful Hancock insisted on sleeping in the nude, he slid down as far as he could without falling off the dingy mattress, turning Hancock onto his back with gentle hands on his hips. All the while, he trailed kisses along whatever he could reach.

 

Hancock's deep breathing became quicker, but that was the only sign he noticed any of this, however subconsciously. Having him so vulnerable, so trusting, while in another life they were mortal enemies, made flames of desire surge to Danse's stomach. He felt so powerful. It fueled him on; he ducked down to kiss along Hancock's chest, smoothing his hand over his sides as he made his way lower. Hancock squirmed ticklishly, making Danse pause, but did not wake. He froze with every quiet sigh his lover made, trying not to wake him, wanting to draw this out as long as possible.

 

Little by little, taking his time to map out the expanse rough skin beneath his palms, he reached the sharply jutting points of Hancock's hipbones. Here he laved kisses that quickly turned to nips as he lost himself to lust. He spread Hancock's legs gently with hands on the inside of his thighs, revealing the soft cock that hung between them. Double checking to be sure he slept, Danse ducked further down and licked a stripe up its length. Hancock's chest rose and fell rapidly, and his fingers sought out the ratty blanket to hold onto.

 

Danse grinned in the dark, then carefully took Hancock's cock in his hand, pumping in a loose fist before putting his mouth to the tip. The other man's breath hitched and his cock stiffened in Danse's hand. Danse felt a wave of victory wash over him at the sound. He kissed, open-mouthed, along the tip, then took the first inch into his mouth. Experimentally, he moved his fist up to meet his mouth, starting up a stuttering rhythm. He ran his tongue along the underside of the shaft, trying to take more with every bob downward. Every time he got close to feeling the tip at the back of his throat, he choked a little and panicked, pulling off, but resolutely picking up where he left off. He squeezed his eyes shut, tears running 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Paladin Danse/John Hancock
Paladin Danse/Female Sole Survivor
Paladin Danse/Sole Survivor
Pickman/Sole Survivor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Sebastian Moran/Jim Moriarty
James Norrington/Jack Sparrow
Preston Garvey/Sole Survivor
Jimmy Darmody/Richard Harrow
The Doctor/The Master (Doctor Who)
Tenth Doctor/The Master (Simm)
Curie/Female Sole Survivor
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Magnolia/Male Sole Survivor
Mason Verger/Original Character(s)
Alex Krycek/Fox Mulder/Dana Scully
Deacon/X6-88
Will Graham/Hannibal Lecter
Jack Cabot/Edward Deegan
Original Character/Original Character
The Spine/Original Female Character
Alana Bloom/Margot Verger
Gabriel/Sam Winchester

freeform: 
More tags later
Kinktober
Kinktober 2017
Somnophilia
Consensual Somnophilia
Knifeplay
Begging
Bodyswap
Size Difference
Size Kink
Roleplay
Sexual Roleplay
Lingerie
Aftercare
Gunplay
S&M
Master/Slave
Medical Kink
Sensory Deprivation
Object Insertion
Object Penetration
Pegging
Blood and Gore
Blood
Canon-Typical Violence
Masturbation
Nipple Play
Threesome - F/M/M
Threesome
Bathing/Washing
Bathtub Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Cunnilingus
Rimming
Glory Hole
Corsetry
Dom/sub
69 (Sex Position)
Boot Worship
Choking
Asphyxiation
Panty Kink
Temperature Play
Tickling
Omorashi
Watersports
Overstimulation
Sex Toys
Humiliation
Wire Play
Mildly Dubious Consent

fandom: 
Paladin Danse/John Hancock
Paladin Danse/Female Sole Survivor
Paladin Danse/Sole Survivor
Pickman/Sole Survivor
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Sebastian Moran/Jim Moriarty
James Norrington/Jack Sparrow
Preston Garvey/Sole Survivor
Jimmy Darmody/Richard Harrow
The Doctor/The Master (Doctor Who)
Tenth Doctor/The Master (Simm)
Curie/Female Sole Survivor
Jarvis (Iron Man movies)/Tony Stark
Magnolia/Male Sole Survivor
Mason Verger/Original Character(s)
Alex Krycek/Fox Mulder/Dana Scully
Deacon/X6-88
Will Graham/Hannibal Lecter
Jack Cabot/Edward Deegan
Original Character/Original Character
The Spine/Original Female Character
Alana Bloom/Margot Verger
Gabriel/Sam Winchester

