Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The last thing he remembered, was walking home from school. He’d been excited to go on patrols, eager to brush away the stress of his classes. But he never made it home. He didn’t even hear the footsteps coming up behind him, didn’t pay attention, because he was too distracted by his own thoughts on his patrols. But, the footsteps came closer, and suddenly there was an arm around his throat, and a taser pressed to his back. Peter let out a grunt of pain before his entire body locked up, electricity running through his body. The assailant kept the taser on him, as they eased him to the ground, smiling down at him as he continued to shake. “I’ve done my research on you, Peter. I know you can take much more than others, so I amped up the voltage on this thing just for you. I also made you a special little something to keep you from running away on me.”Peter didn’t know what they were talking about, only able to heave in air when the taser was finally removed. Had his body been working properly, he might have gotten up in time to avoid the hands of the man standing over him. But he felt fuzzy and weak, unable to pull his arm away when it was picked up and stretched out. The man above him smiled as he pressed a needle to a vein in Peter’s arm, voice warping and melting as Peter’s mind was reduced to mush. “Goodnight little spider.”………………….That was the last thing that the teenager remembered, but now that he was awake, he had no idea where he was or what was happening. It was cold, he knew that much. And it may have been dark, but that may have also been because his eyes were closed. His mind was fuzzy and his body was like putty, with no shape or discernible use, but he could hear someone talking. It was a familiar voice, one that made him feel safe, but the tone was one he hadn’t heard before, and that worried him. He didn’t know how to feel about it, so, he decided to just figure out who it was first. “-kay, I promise. I’ll get us out of this Peter, just wake up, please. Let me know you’re okay.” Tony. That was who the voice belonged to. Peter’s head rolled towards the voice, and he did his best to open his eyes. Blink. Blurred shapes and colours. Blink. Tony was sitting a few meters away, on a chair with…were those ropes around his wrists and ankles? “That’s it, kid. I’m right here, and we’ll be okay.”Peter didn’t know where ‘here’ was, and he was scared, because Tony’s voice was shaking, and there was blood trailing down his face from a small cut above his left eye. His voice came out small and broken. “M-Mr Stark? What’s happening?”Tony’s brow creased in concern, as he leaned forward as much as he could, in the chair. “We’ll be okay, but I need you to listen to me, because we don’t have much time, until he comes back. You have to pull your hands free, you can do it, you’re strong enough.”Free of what? Peter rolled his head again, looking down at his hands. He hadn’t realized before, but he was laying on a cold, metal table, and his hands and ankles were tied down with thick leather straps. He watched his fingers twitch, and tried to pull at the straps, but he was so weak, he couldn’t break free.Peter let out a whimper, trying as hard as he could. Usually, he was strong enough to lift lockers, and catch cars, but something was wrong. “I can’t do it, Mr Stark. I don’t feel so good. I want to go home.”Tony hung his head, cursing, before lifting it again to look at Peter with a reassuring smile. “I know, buddy. And we will, we’ll go home as soon as the others find us. It’ll be okay.”Another voice echoed in the dark, and Peter’s eyes roamed over his surroundings, only just noticing that they were in a dim lab of some kind. “Oh, I don’t think you will. In fact, I don’t think he’ll make it out alive.”The voice was the same as the one he remembered from his walk home, and Tony evidently remembered it too, because he lunged forward in his seat, baring his teeth. “Don’t touch him!”The man laughed, and Peter shivered, curling his toes, and pulling his bare feet in the straps. “I won’t have to, for the most part. Peter was right you know, he can’t break free, in fact, the poor boy can hardly concentrate.”Tony’s eyes widened and turned back to the teenager on the table, stomach dropping as he took in the unfocused, confused look in Peter’s eyes, and the way he pulled weakly at the straps holding him down. “What did you give him?” Their captor smiled and walked closer, trailing a finger over Peter’s bare side, making him shiver.  Peter’s shirt had been taken, as well as his shoes, leaving him only in the pants he’d worn to school, and he felt goose bumps raise across his chest as he tried to curl away from the unwanted touch.“It’s a special mix of sedatives and paralytics that I came up with just for him. It’ll keep him weak and…vulnerable, so that he can’t cause me any trouble while I’m teaching you a lesson.”Tony watched Peter whimper and squirm, trying to get away from the man standing over 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Torture
Guilt
Kidnapping
Violence
Blood
Electrocution
taser
Restraints
Fear
Crying
dad tony
Protective Tony
Worried Tony
Hurt Peter
Doctor Bruce
drugged
sedatives
forcefully sedated
Held Down
Swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

