Chapter 1: Three Lost Souls and a Kitty
    




Chapter Text

In the vast, green jungle, the peaceful sounds of birds tweeting and rushing water was suddenly shattered by a loud, violent roar and the cracking of gunshots. 
 
A large, black blur suddenly flew through the underbrush, followed by many masked men a few moments later. These men skidded to a stop, looking around the large trees quickly. “Where did it go?” One of them demanded,”We can’t lose the experiment!”
 
The blur leapt out from the green bushes, a roar escaping as their huge paws slammed into the first man’s stomach, teeth sinking into their neck. The man screamed, falling to the ground. Two other soldiers cried out, turning their guns to the large creature and shooting.
 
The panther turned, running back through the trees. His sensitive hearing heard the man yell,”Don’t let it get away, shoot if you have to!!”
 
Running as fast as it could, the panther skidded around a tree, ignoring the leaves slamming into his face. He noticed a light ahead, and desperately hoped that there was some type of freeway or town that he could hide in. These bastards wouldn’t chase him around people, where they might be discovered. It was his only hope, the only chance he had for safety-
 
But as the black big cat broke through the trees, he let out a cry, skidding to a stop right at the edge of a tall, shaky cliff. His ears flattened against the back of his head, brown eyes staring down in fear. His body turned, trying run back into the trees before they caught up with him, but it was too late.
 
The men now stood near the edge of the cliff as well, using their bodies to block any escape from the open cliff. One of the closer men smirked, and declared,”Nowhere for you to go now, 

Stark

.”
 
The panther’s body shuddered, his hackles raising as he hissed loudly.

 No! I can’t go back! You can’t make me!! 

The men moved forward as large paws moved backwards, and he released a violent roar.
 
As the soldiers moved forward and he moved back, the ground underneath them suddenly wasn’t as secure. The combined weight of a large panther and full grown men wasn’t easy for the cliff to hold. Tony realized this right away thanks to his sensitive paws. He quickly backed all the way to the edge, putting all his weight into the ground.
 
The rock crumbled below them. Tony’s body tensed, paws spreading out. But he didn’t let go, because falling to his death was better than whatever HYDRA was going to do to him. As the rock fell, his brown eyes stared at the panicked soldiers with pride.
 
The rock broke apart as he fell. But instead of falling for a while, he slammed into rock below it. His body flopped, rolling off the edge of the rock and tumbling down the rest of the mountain. He let out yowls of pain all the way down, until something cold and wet surrounded him. 
 
It hurt, but the adrenaline was still pulsing through his body. He stood up, his wet fur dragging a bit. Frantically, the big cat looked around, before noticing something next to him. The river was much larger and deeper next to him, with a waterfall falling into it.
 

Why couldn’t I have fallen right there?! 

Tony wondered angrily, but didn’t dwell on it too long. He ran into the water, his paws paddling frantically and ignoring the burning pain in his body, he didn’t know how fast they could get down the cliff, he needed to move fast. 
 
When his eyes caught the sight of something behind the waterfall, he quickly swam towards it. He pushed through the rushing waters, and found a small cave. Quickly, he pushed himself from the water, pressing himself as far back as he could, and desperately hoping they wouldn't be able to find him.
 
Curled up tightly, he listened as intently as possible. His intelligent eyes watched the movement beyond the waterfall, watching them pace and look around the river. Tony was thankful he stayed in the water, he didn’t leave any tracks.
 
It felt like hours passed by before he finally saw them gather together in front of the waterfall. He couldn’t hear a thing they were saying over the rushing waters, but he saw one man point, and they all rushed off together. Still afraid, he remained tense, waiting to see if they were going to come back. 
 
After several long, painful moments, they didn’t appear in his vision anymore.. They were gone. Instantly, relief filled the panther’s system. The adrenaline vanished, his legs shaking a moment before giving way. He crashed to the ground, too exhausted to get back up. Finally.. I finally escaped.. 
 
The big cat released a huge, thankful sigh. It had been so long, he was so tired.. Tony didn’t even have enough energy to stay cautious any longer.. He just wanted to rest. His brown eyes slowly closed, as he fell asleep to the sound of rushing water.
 
-- -- -- -- -- --
 
Thankfully, when Tony woke up, he was still alone underneath the waterfall. The panther sighed in relief, before his left front leg began to throb. He growled slightly, push
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Cooper Barton & Tony Stark
Lila Barton & Tony Stark
Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Medical Experimentation
Animal Transformation
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Protectiveness
Implied/Referenced Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Torture
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Cooper Barton
Protective Siblings
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Social Anxiety
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Reality Stone (Marvel)
Healing
Amputation
briefly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Kidnapping
Psychological Torture
Past Torture
Betrayal
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
T’Challa & Tony Stark Friendship

fandom: 
Cooper Barton & Tony Stark
Lila Barton & Tony Stark
Nathaniel Pietro Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Challa

