Work Text:
Peter didn't really know who picked him up from the ground, but he tried to fight them, not knowing if this was some villain who was using his weakened condition to use him as a hostage. He couldn't fight, he was too weak, barely holding on to consciousness. So he let this stranger take him away, who knew where. He would deal with the fallout some time later, when he was actually capable of keeping his eyes open. In that moment, he decided that the most important thing was to gather energy, let his spider-enhanced body do its job.When he opened his eyes again, he was back at one of Stark's building, in a fancy comfortable couch, with someone that looked like Mr. Stark. But wasn't. Peter didn't know how he knew, maybe it was one of his spider senses, but he knew. This was someone pretending to be Mr. Stark, which could mean they were dangerous. Although they didn't look it, absent-mindedly doing a Rubik's cube with one hand, eating a whole pint of ice cream with the other, watching the fight from the window. And there was also the fact that his wounds were healing quicker that they ever had (Peter could almost see it with the naked eye), that his concussion seemed to be mostly gone, and that someone had put a cast on his bad arm, with something warm inside the cast that was making everything hurt much less. Oh, and there was also a plate of milk and chocolate cookies in a small table nearby.Peter decided to wait to figure out the strategy of this (probable) bad guy who was impersonating Mr. Stark until he had finished his cookies and milk. The thought that they may be a trap and poisoned didn't come to him until he'd finished everything. Well. What can you do.The impostor was looking through the big window in Mr Stark's living room, continuing to eating the whole thing of ice cream, not far from the couch where he'd awoken.“Hey.” Peter called. “I know you're not Tony Stark.”Probably not the smartest move, telling him directly. He'd alerted the guy that he was awake and that he was suspicious. Maybe he should have escaped while the guy was not looking at him, maybe he should have played along for a while. Boy, was he making quick decisions and regretting them instantly today. (And always, let's be honest).The man who was not Iron Man looked at him and smiled faintly.And then Mr Stark's face disappeared and there was someone else.“Bravo, young man. Not many people are able to see through my illusions.”Loki. That man was Loki, the alien that attacked New York years ago, the main reason the Avengers had been created. Master of illusions and magic, traveler between worlds. Earth conqueror wannabe. And he had left a plate of cookies and milk for him. Peter's mind was suddenly going a mile a minute. A second.“You... why... What do you want with me? Are you going to mind control me because my spider...ness will not allow that, okay? So don't even try!... Wait, you took me out of danger? Aren't you evil?”“Aren't I evil... good question. I have been asking myself that since before you were even born.”Up close, Loki was much different than what he looked like in the videos of the invasion. He seemed less imposing (although he was really very tall), more human. He looked pale and tired. There was a big burn on his neck, that probably went down to his chest and did get to one of his hands and he was breathing funny.“You're hurt.” Peter couldn't help saying. “I noticed.”“And yet you took the time to bring me here, heal me too. Are... are you with us or against us?”Those damn Avengers never told him anything.Loki seemed almost as lost as he was.“Yes.”
What?
“I was with Nebula, and there was an explosion, and Gamora took Nebula and left me there, with half of my body burned. And... something like that shouldn't be stopping me from fighting... I am a god, you know.... But all these buildings looked so inviting... with their first aid kits and their food... Getting you out of the line of fire seemed like a good way to earn some trust from your Avengers and was also a way to get in a building and get some supplies.”“Win-win. So... I was an excuse for you to get some burn cream and ice cream?”“Mint chocolate chip. One of my very few weaknesses.”Peter could work with that. He knew that these guys were supposed to be almost invulnerable, the greatest fighters in the universe, and it was normal that they would need an excuse to get out of glorious battle. Getting half of your body burned wasn't good enough, apparently. A bowl of ice cream and a spoon materialised in the table where the cookies had been, and Peter decided he liked magic.“So you can shape shift, uh? That's cool.” Peter said, trying to get a conversation going. This situation could become extrelemely awkward at any moment, so he was filling it with words. “Thank you.” Loki said, and he seemed sincere. “It has been quite a while since anyone paid me a compliment.”
He remembered that attack on New York and understood why, but also, this guy had healed him and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Loki
unlikely buddies

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
mild Peter Parker whump
injuries
magic!
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Peter is cute as he usually is

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Loki
unlikely buddies

