Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Chained and effectively gagged with the accursed muzzle Loki seethed.  The trial had been little more than a farce.  He hadn’t even been given the opportunity to speak in his own defense.  The council had ruled it ‘unwise’ to remove his muzzle to allow him to explain his actions.  Any other accused was always given the chance to defend themselves but he was to be denied.  The sheer unfairness of the situation only served to add to the fury swirling throughout his entire being.  Only one thing would have made this more bearable yet he had been denied even that small concession.	He had hoped that at the very least he would be able to see his mother yet she had not been allowed to be present.  Even though family was not allowed to speak in the defense of an accused they were usually allowed at the trial.  Yet Odin had banned Frigga from Loki’s trial for his own reasons.  He had not seen fit to explain the reasons but Loki could guess.  Oh yes, he could definitely guess why Odin would disallow Frigga’s presence at his trial.  Yet one more reason to hate his so called father.  A trial where he couldn’t defend himself for a crime that wasn’t his fault -- well not solely his fault -- and he wasn’t even able to see his mother before the sentencing.  Loki’s scowl deepened.-	Opening his mouth Loki let out yet another hoarse scream.  The whip slicing through his skin would have been painful enough without any of the rest of it.  As the whip fell away he felt the heat pooled deep inside mixing with the familiar feeling of his seiðr.  Desperately he sought to suppress his magic.  His efforts were futile.  There was nothing he could do that would stop or even slow the inevitable.  Clamping his jaw closed he struggled to keep from making any sound.  It didn’t work.  As the heat built to excruciating levels he could feel his seiðr prickling just under his skin.  Finally the magic burst through the opening made by the whip and an almost blinding brilliant green light filled the room.  By the time he was done screaming the flare had faded and the agony caused by expelling his magic was slightly more manageable.  Sagging in his bindings he struggled to catch his breath when the whip struck him once again and once again he cried out in agony.-	He had long since lost count of how long he’d spent being ‘trained’.  At this point all he cared about were the times when they would finish with their ministrations and leave him bloody and broken but alone.  He might never mourned the loss of his seiðr half as much as he did during these times.  Normally he would have been able to heal himself but they’d taken even that small trick away him.  The heavens forbid he be allowed some small amount of reprieve, he thought dejectedly.  He decisively avoided glancing down as he pulled his legs up underneath himself.  The absolute last thing he wanted to see were the runes branded into his flesh just above his ankles that prohibited him from accumulating any amount of seiðr with which to cast spells.  Slowly he wrapped his arms around his legs and lowered his head to rest on the top of his knees.-	Crouched in the corner of his cell Loki huddled with his arms raised to at least try to protect his head from the blows.  He couldn’t let himself be knocked unconscious.  When they chose to hurt him they wanted to hear him scream.  They wanted to see him arch in pain.  They hated it when he fell unconscious and couldn’t feel the pain while they were inflicting it.  If he didn’t stay conscious and suffer through this now it would only be worse later.  He really wasn’t sure if it wouldn’t be worth it though just to get a small break.  Just one tiny-.  A boot connected just right and he felt two of his ribs crack.  His lungs seized and prevented him from screaming but his arms instinctively moved to protect his injured midsection.	A hand gripped his hair and yanked his head forward.  Loki fell forward and barely managed to turn his head so he didn’t smash face first into the floor.  Another kick aimed at his ribs connected with his arms still wrapped protectively around his midsection.  Loki cried out again but did his best to force his hands to unclench.  Slowly he managed to unwrap them from himself and tried to force them to stretch out forward.  He moved too slowly for his tormentors and they pulled his arms straight for him.  Pain from his cracked ribs flared and dark spots danced before his eyes.  Please don’t let me pass out, Loki silently begged.  -	Mouth open, crying out silent screams, Loki’s hands scrambled for purchase against the smooth stone of the floor.  Father!  Father please, I am sorry!  It was too much.  He couldn’t take anymore.  The person behind him now was only the newest in the long line of people that had shown up to rape him today.  Time had long since ceased to hold any meaning.  The one thing that did still hold meaning was the pain.	“Say it!”	Despite the pain and humiliation he still couldn’t say i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
frostiron

freeform: 
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Morals
Loki Needs a Hug
Tony Needs a Hug
Acceptance
Forgiveness
Slavery
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Post-Avengers (2012)
Rape/Non-con Elements
Slow Burn
Protective Avengers
Confused Loki (Marvel)
Sleepy Cuddles
Protective Tony Stark
Trust Issues
Minor Injuries
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) is a Good Bro
Anxiety Attacks
Contract? What Contract?
Misconceptions
Tony Feels
Protective Loki
Magic and Science
Angry Thor (Marvel)
Cuddles
justifiable anger
Did I Say Protective Avengers?
Laura Barton is a good bro
Protective Thor
Nick Fury Knows All

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
frostiron

