Work Text:
Bucky fails out of talk therapy in six weeks.“You didn’t fail,” Steve says, expression pinched. Bucky rolls his eyes, pokes the slushy ice at the bottom of his frappuccino. Turns his face up toward the sun.“She told me my issues were too deep-seated and a risk to delve into and maybe I should stick with the meds,” he says. “Pretty sure that means I failed.”“That’s just one therapist,” Steve says, in a tone Bucky thinks is meant to be reassuring. “We can find another one. Sometimes it just takes a while to find the right person. It’s all about building a relationship of trust.”Bucky squints at him. “You been reading the brochures in the waiting room, or what?” he asks. Steve shifts a little. Flushes, rubs the back of his neck.“I’m allowed to read,” he says, defensive. “Anyway, SHIELD assigned me a therapist, after. You know. Waking up.”“And you actually went to this therapist?” Bucky asks, extremely pointed. Steve ducks his head. “Yeah, thought not, buddy. Relationship of trust, my left ass cheek.”“Well, I mean,” Steve adds, “probably turns out that therapist was Hydra anyway. I’m just saying, it’s statistically likely.”“Yeah, you bottling up your emotions for the next thousand years sure came in handy there,” Bucky agrees, placid, and Steve falls for it the way he always falls for it, so that Bucky thinks he might have escaped the conversation successfully. He should have known better.“I could ask Sam for some recommendations,” Steve says after a minute or two of tussling, during which they both come perilously close to falling off the fire escape. “I’m sure he’d have some good advice.”“Don’t you fuckin’ dare,” Bucky says. “Wilson’s gone through enough to help my sorry ass out, he doesn’t need you asking him for free advice in his day job on top of everything else.”“He wouldn’t mind,” Steve starts, extremely earnest, and Bucky bites his lip, prods a little more violently at the shitty watered-down-whip that’s all that’s left of his drink. He knows Sam wouldn’t mind, not really. That’s not the fucking point, right.“Pal,” he says, glaring a little, and okay, he might have deep-seated issues and a fucked-up brain but he still remembers exactly the tone of voice to hit that’ll get Steve Rogers shutting his mouth without another word, so: score one for Barnes.“Yeah,” Steve says. “Yeah, okay, Buck,” and Bucky figures he might as well use the opportunity to take advantage of Steve’s earnest and heartfelt remorse and steal his iced tea while he’s got a sympathy card up his sleeve.“You can, though,” Steve says later, because apparently he’s not one to give up on conversations or people.“I can what?” Bucky asks, lazily sleepy and warm. He can feel sweat drying at his temples, and when he glances through his eyelashes at Steve, he can see the edge of sunburn on Steve’s nose and cheeks. It’s the kind of early spring day that already feels like summer, and he’s gotta admit: all things considered, it’s been pretty nice, even if he did fail out of therapy.“Try out a different therapist,” Steve says, and Bucky sighs, because Christ, Steve’s never known when to quit.“Yeah,” he says, “maybe,” and knows he won’t. He doesn’t live with Steve, even though they’ve finally moved home after months of deeply uncomfortable BARF treatment to get the worst Hydra shit out of his head, and then more months of tedious legal negotiations. “Not a chance,” Bucky had said flatly. “Sorry, bud,” and Steve had taken it with reasonably good grace. They’re in the same building, anyway, and Steve’s over most days, taking up too much space on Bucky’s couch and leaving his dishes in the sink like he’s never heard of a goddamn dishwasher. It always rides the line of too much, so that Bucky’s only ever just on top of his flight reflex, the desire to leave everything behind and let himself disappear again.It’s just— Steve’s a lot, that’s all. It’s a lot to get used to.“If I was betting,” Clint says, garbled through a mouthful of stale Doritos, “I’d say you keep your go-bag stashed between the studs behind the plaster in your living room. Three steps max from the fire escape, on the left hand side. Smash and run, just like that.”“Well, shit,” Bucky says. “Now I gotta move it. Do you know how much effort it is to patch up drywall?”“I’ve been renovating the house for the last eight years and it seems like someone puts their foot through a wall once a month, so, yeah, I got some idea,” Barton says. “Don’t move it. It’s a good spot. Mine’s behind the china hutch in our kitchen. I figure if I’m willing to pull that fucker aside and risk breaking Laura’s gram’s dinner set, it must be a real emergency worth coming out of retirement for. Plus I got a mini one at Nat’s, right, but that doesn’t really count.”“Are we bonding?” Bucky asks without thinking. It’s been a long day, Steve more Steve than usual, and he’s tired. “Is this you trying to bond with me over escape plans?”“You got the crazy eyes,” Clint says bluntly. “I get it. What’s your bolthole pla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Post-Civil War
Post-Infinity War
Pining

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

