Chapter 1





Chapter Text
A Side:It wasn’t that she had never woken up with a hangover before; Tony fucking Stark had perfected the fine form of a good hangover, complete with all the hits and highlights.  (Just it had been some time since she had woken up with one.)  There was a headache that throbbed between her temples.  The dry-eyed, dry-tongued disorientation that left her grasping at the blankets and sheets when she finally dragged herself up to sitting.  Her gut had the distinct feeling of having tied itself into a knot.  “Jarvis,” she said.  The sheets were wrapped around her waist like a slipknot, tightening despite her best efforts to free herself.  The effort wasn’t exhausting but nauseating; she fell back into the bed, groaning at the pulsing in her head as she flailed an arm out to the side, knocking this and that off the table nearest her side before she finally found her phone.  “Steve?” she said to the time (a mere 5:09 AM, perhaps too early even for Steve to be already awake again).  The light made her squint, the screen went fuzzy through her lashes.  She kicked at the sheets and almost got free.  “Jarvis!” she shouted into the dark of the room.  “Sir?” was a voice that most certainly was not Jarvis.  Tony arched her body off the bed and shoved the blankets down so her legs were finally free.  “Lights?” she said.  The whole room flickered and came alive, a fine run of blue lights giving way to a gentle glow that brought all the wrong details into focus.  If her head hadn’t already been hurting, the shock alone would have been a swift kick to the temple.  “Where am I?” she asked.  “Who are you?”“We are in the Avengers tower in New York, sir.”  The voice answered promptly.  It was a perfectly serviceable answer from a perfectly serviceable AI.  “I am Friday, sir.”She mumbled over the sound of that name.  There were many-many-many names tucked away into her skull; the result of a lifetime of bad hangovers and redemption arcs.  But that one, that name, “Friday?” that didn’t sound like something she remembered.  There were more immediate concerns to deal with besides the presence of an unknown AI, like the scatter of things that didn’t belong to her in a room she didn’t recognize, in a tower that she should have known on sight.  “Where’s Steve?” Tony asked.“Steve Rogers is at the Avengers Compound, sir.”  Tony was shoving her knuckles into the edge of the arc reactor in her chest; it didn’t do a single fucking thing to calm her racing heartbeat but scraping her knuckles across the uneven surface gave her something to think about that wasn’t the three-piece suit strewn all over (not) her floor.It wasn’t all wrong; if she ignored the details, the room wasn’t unfamiliar.  It was just when she started putting all the bits and bobs back in place that nothing made sense.  Like one of those ‘what’s wrong with this picture’ puzzles, she gave up trying to catalogue the things that shouldn’t have been around number fifty-six.  “Where’s Jarvis?” she asked, “who are you?”“I am Friday, sir.”“You said that,” she mumbled to herself.  “Who made you?”“You did, sir.”“That doesn’t sound unlike me,” Tony mumbled to herself.  She twisted around to look at the other side of the bed.  It was a blank space, devoid of all the things that Steve left lying on his table.  It was empty in every sense—no extra pillow, no folded blanket, no pencil, no paper, no torn-out-pages or MP3 players.  No shield propped against the wall.  “What happened to Jarvis?” she repeated.Friday didn’t immediately answer—either it didn’t know or it had struck on an idea that it did not know how to properly convey—finally it said, “Jarvis was destroyed by Ultron, sir.”“Bathroom,” Tony said when she lost the mounting war with the urge to vomit.  Friday directed her to the toilet and was polite enough to offer to call for assistance.  Tony was one-hundred percent certified on how to properly vomit without help.  She was rinsing her mouth, staring at a travel bag full of toiletries she didn’t recognize.  It was the razor that got her, so innocently sitting at the top of the bag: a man’s razor.  To match the suit in the other room, to go with the man’s watch on the table.  “Whose room am I in?”“Yours, sir,” Friday answered.Tony stared into the mirror, both hands going white-knuckled as she gripped the sink.  Her eyes were pink all around the edges, her face blotched up red from effort.  Her hair was sticking up at all angles, in need of a comb and a bit of gel.  “Who am I?”  Maybe she could have thought it out faster than the AI but one way or another they ended up at exactly the same conclusion at exactly the same time.“You are Tony Stark, sir.”Just not, she was realizing, the one that belonged in this bedroom.  “Right,” was mostly to the mirror, the razor, the suit, the watch—all things that were imperfect mirrors of things she recognized.  Like a funhouse mirror that distorted shape and gender, she knew without asking the things were hers (or thi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Universe swapping
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Enemies to Lovers
Slow Burn
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

