Chapter 1: [Tony]
    




Chapter Text
"J, rotate thirty degrees clockwise and explode," Tony requested, working on his gauntlets while JARVIS manipulated the holographic blueprints for him.Steve, the dumbass, had nearly gotten himself killed trying to take on HYDRA alone last week. Now SHIELD was in ruins, Pepper was mad at him again, and Barnes was in the wind. Coulson and Natasha had come by four days ago -- or maybe it was five, meantime -- trying to pump him, of all people, for information.Somehow Natasha had known before he'd even had a chance to tell Pepper that he and Steve might possibly be an item. Maybe. Tony himself wasn't entirely sure.He did know that what he and Pepper could have had kept getting sabotaged or downright destroyed by Tony's efforts to save the world every few months. Something about it stressed Pepper out. He himself was fine, and a bit baffled by her reaction, but Pepper usually had a good reason for the way she did things, so he accepted it.The gauntlet sparked and shocked him when his attention wandered too far afield.Pulling his hand back with a hiss and sucking at the burn, Tony set aside his soldering iron. Thinking about this was getting him nowhere and he knew it. He and Pepper had tried dating and failed spectacularly. And, yeah, sure, it wasn't really either of their faults. They'd both tried, put in all the effort they could. It was just... He was Iron Man, and she was his CEO, and the two didn't mesh at all. Either Pepper's schedule was ridiculous or Tony was off in parts unknown blowing shit up, and they'd never quite managed to meet in the middle.This train of thought was just getting depressing, now. He still regretted being unable to make things work with Pepper. Probably always would. But he still had her in his life, helping keep things running smoothly, and that was enough. It would have to be.There was no way he could give up Iron Man.Sitting back in his chair with a groan, Tony stretched. "J, time?""It is currently 04:43 on June 2. Might I suggest you get some rest, sir?""Any word from the Capsicle or his raptorial sidekick?" Steve had implied he would accept Tony's invitation to come stay in New York for a while. Something about the Tower making a good base of operations while he searched for Barnes. He was bringing Falcon with him, for whatever reason."None as yet, sir."Giving in -- it had been almost fifty hours since he'd slept more than an hour at a time -- Tony stood and took the few steps over to his sofa. Letting himself fall onto it, he tried to close his eyes and relax.Knowing that the nightmares might come was enough to keep him on edge, and made it more likely that they would. He knew that. But it was nigh on impossible not to think about the possibility.Eventually though, his efforts paid off. Somehow he managed not to dream.------"Good afternoon, sir," JARVIS' voice drifted into his awareness with a welcome feeling of home. "The time is 12:23. The temperature in New York is 74 degrees, and the skies are partly cloudy with a chance of rain."Rolling onto his side with a groan, Tony peeled his eyes open. It took effort. His eyelids felt like they were weighted down, and the grit in the corners of his eyes scratched hard as he tried to rub it away.Stumbling to his feet feeling more tired than he had when he'd fallen asleep, Tony made his way over to the kitchenette in the corner of his workshop to fumble with the coffee maker. It took him a while to accomplish the feat, but he felt distinctly better once he was caffeinated.It was about that time that JARVIS announced, "Sir, I believe it might be prudent to warn Ms. Potts about the Captain's arrival before it occurs."Damn him, his AI had a point. Tony groaned.Well, get yelled at a little bit now or a lot later? Neither option appealed, but Tony just knew which would be the worse distraction. Pepper could hold a hell of a grudge when she wanted to, and Tony seemed to be good at giving her a reason to without even trying. "Fine, draft me an email for her, then," Tony replied. Moments later, it appeared on a holographic interface beside him, and Tony scanned it. "Good enough, send."Considering due diligence done, Tony decided he needed a shower.In the end it was almost 2 pm before he felt halfway human again. Restraining the urge to compulsively check up on Cap again, Tony made his way back to the workshop to finish the upgrades to his gauntlets. The addition of a more compact LASER cutter system meant he had some room to spare in his design, and he'd been working on mocking up a prototype emergency injector system for something like a painkiller.Pepper walked in just as he was putting the finishing touches on his prototype, which Tony assumed to mean that the work day -- as Pepper defined it -- was over and he should probably eat something. He turned to face her, giving JARVIS the command to save and close, and stopped short.Pepper's expression looked caught between resigned and annoyed. "Really, Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Canon-Typical Violence
Angst
Implied Torture
deaged characters
lots of relationship drama
breakups and makeups
Identity Issues
Comic Book Science
Lack of Communication
Age Regression/De-Aging
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Threesome - M/M/M
POV Multiple

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes

