Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  



“So this happened,” Tony says when the rear hatch of the Quinjet lowers.He's in most of the Iron Man suit. The one piece that's missing is the helmet, because it had scared Bruce.Because he's four years old.All the Avengers are.Tony's holding four-year-old Steve on his right hip, his other five teammates hovering like ducklings around his legs. It had taken some coaxing to get them all to come with him, but eventually they'd accepted his half-assed explanations (and possibly the fact that there was no one else to take care of them)."What," Maria says."Oh, Jesus," Rhodey sighs. “I'll help.”Tony grins. "That's so generous of you, Sugar Plum.""Loki," Fury growls, and sounds more resigned than annoyed."I want my ma," little Steve mumbles, and bursts into tears.~ * ~Tony hands him off to an extremely uncomfortable-looking Maria, who holds him like he's got sharp corners and is about to explode, saying, "Shh, shh!" in an increasingly frantic tone.Rhodey meanwhile introduces himself to the rest of the gang while Tony strips out of the armor in record time. He's sweaty and wearing just a black tank top and gray sweats when he returns, but Steve is eager to get back in his arms, wrapping around him like a tiny octopus. Tony's so startled by it he nearly drops him. Adult-Steve is a touchy guy, but he won't touch Tony with a ten-foot pole.Definitely doesn't bother Tony that Steve'll grab onto anyone but him. Nope.Kid-Steve doesn't seem to have any hang-ups though.It’s just. Weird.The adult Avengers don’t trust him from Hydra.Not long after the Battle of New York, Tony had started designing gear for them. He figured that was probably the strongest offering of goodwill he could muster (aside from inviting them all to live in the Tower). He'd designed Clint better body armor, replaced his bow, and drawn up schematics for six new types of arrows. He'd created sleeker versions of the wrist-mounted tasers Natasha loved and a uniform that was a little less showy and a little more practical. He'd come up with a new way to synthesize materials for Steve's suit and a magnetic retrieval system for the shield and stretchy pants for Bruce and— Well, nothing for Thor, but Thor was a demi-god with a magical hammer, what did he need other than room to swing?So he'd thought he was doing pretty good teamwork-wise.But the morning he'd presented everything to them had...not gone well.He'd strode into the kitchen where they were all having breakfast and said, “So we all know I love sticking my nose where it doesn't belong.”Natasha mumbled, “That's an auspicious start to the day,” and rolled her head to the side to look at him. She was seated at the breakfast bar next to Clint, who rested his leg across her lap—the man used her like a pillow or a piece of furniture.Bruce sat a good three feet away from them, also at the breakfast bar, and he was reading something on a tablet while sipping from a mug. Thor and Steve were in the kitchen, blond heads bent close to one another. They turned in unison at Tony's entrance, and it struck Tony as it often did these days that he had an American legend and a demi-god making what looked like might be waffles in his kitchen and his life was the weirdest, coolest life.“I think so,” he said, pointing one finger at Romanova. She watched him through slitted eyes and he wondered if she was even fully awake. This woman had scared the pants off of him six months ago. Now he thought she was kind of adorable. “I made you things.”“That was nice of you, Tony,” Steve said and sounded a little effusive, the way he had ever since the influence of the scepter wore off. It was like he was trying to make up for what a shitlord he was on the helicarrier, which was ridiculous, he was under the influence of magic and it wasn't like Tony was really contributing kumbaya to the whole situation.“Not just her,” Tony clarified. “For all of you. And technically they're not made yet. They're just designed. Because I thought you might want to give feedback?”It was a question because in all honesty Tony didn't have a clue what he was doing here, but he was trying.Steve looked startled. “For all of us?”Bruce turned, frowning slightly. And probably surprises weren't the best thing for Ol' Green, but why was he frowning? “What kinds of things?”Tony whirled a hand. “Oh, you know, new Bites, new arrows, magnetic recall for the shield—stuff you can use in the field.”A beat of awkward silence followed this, which was—not exactly the reaction Tony had been expecting. He looked around at all of them, but they were exchanging glances and nobody looked at him.“You know, like, go team! Here are some weapons and things so you don't get killed!” he tried.Steve dragged his gaze away from Bruce. “Gee, that's really great of you to do, Tony, but we don't need anything like that. S.H.I.E.L.D. provides all the gear we need. We wouldn't want to put you out.”“Yeah, my bow's not Stark tech, but it does the job. So you don
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
ambiguous

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
Tony Stark-centric
POV Tony Stark
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Team Feels
Protective Team
Team Fluff
Age Regression/De-Aging
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Brian Banner's A+ Parenting
Deaf Clint Barton
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Fluff
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Kid Fic
Past Child Abuse
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
BAMF Rhodey
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Hydra (Marvel)
Loki - Freeform
Loki Does What He Wants
technically there isn't a ship
but the line is very fine
it could be anyone tbh
but the tony/rhodey is definitely strong in this fic...
it could also easily be tony/rhodey/pepper
SEE WHAT YOU WISH TO SEE
Violence

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
ambiguous

