Work Text:
I'm not dead just floating
Right between the ink of your tattoo
In the belly of the beast we turned into
I'm not scared just changing
Right beyond the cigarette and the devilish smile
You're my crack of sunlight
“I’m Not Dead” – P!nk**“Stark… Stark, you need to get up.”++He was tired. So fucking tired.He was tired of getting back up, he was tired of fighting, he was tired of constantly--constantly--putting himself out there, of giving everything of himself to so-called team, to the world, that wasn’t willing to give anything back. He’d been drained dry long ago, had dug down to the dregs of his soul to even get this fair—but he was made of brittle iron and rust and there was nothing left of himself to give.
He was tired.
The exhaustion ran soul-deep, bone-deep, tired in body and mind and heart: a heart that was already damaged beyond complete repair, broken but still so willing to keep on beating if it meant that others could be saved.--the heart that finally broke, though, the moment that Rogers (friend friend – never a friend) admitted his soul-crushing truth. The heart had already taken one too many hits from the first time that he could remember; at some point, he figured… what was the point of piecing it back together again?He was an engineer. An inventor. A fixer of things.But eventually he had learned that there was always a point where you threw in the towel.He was done.He was tired.He didn’t want to open his eyes anymore.++The cold was an encompassing sort of force, unrelenting and unforgiving. Things came to Tony in bits and pieces: he could remember the clang of metal on concrete as Rogers dropped his shield, giving up the title of Captain America for his friend (not me not me – one more abandonment to accept and protect myself against); he could remember watching his breath turn to a misty sort of fog, silver-tinged bubble surrounding his mouth with each and every exhale; he could remember the whine of an engine starting, the roar of its take off, the dark, bitter thought, “Fucker left me behind in a dead suit.”; he could remember watching as his blood iced over, droplets hardening into stalactites that never quite reached the floor below.He remembered how his skin burned as warm breath fanned over lips and chin and cheeks.He remembered how the metal of his suit slowly became his metal coffin as night slipped closer and closer, horizon darkening into shades of twilight, purple tinging the sky like a weeks-old bruise.He remembered trying to get up, trying to fight one last time: remembered his left arm giving out beneath him as the injuries Wanda dealt him at the airport in Germany finally brought themselves to his attention with adrenaline leaving his body hours before.He remembered pain, remembered agony.He remembered the knife-to-the-ribs feeling of betrayal.(You were supposed to be family, just like Obie. Why is it that family always hurts you the most?)He remembered the rage-filled screams, the foul curses that echoed within the open-air bunker.More than anything, though, he remembered the exhaustion.He remembered giving up.++“Stark. I’m sorry, but I can’t let you go.”++The suit was dead.The arc reactor had been too cleanly sliced in half—there was no way to revive it, to reconnect circuits, to jump start it in any way to call out for help to FRIDAY or the Vision. Moreso than that, however, the suit was dead weight. Thousands of pounds of metal—his engineering contribution to the world—pressed down upon already painful and previously gained injuries. There was no way to get the full leverage needed to manually begin releasing the locks that were scattered all over the suit.Even besides that, this particular Mark had been designed with the idea that there would always been a teammate near to get him free. It was a sign of trust that had originally made him hesitate in incorporating into the design, something fearful and buried deep within him begging him to not put in the weakness—but trust was a heady drug, muddling his thoughts more thoroughly than any ounce of alcohol had ever done. So he had ignored that voice of caution, of distrust, and had ordered FRIDAY to go ahead with the design.He should have known better.(Family always hurts you.)He was going to die in the suit, skin frozen to the metal innards, frostbite turning fingers and toes and nose black and dead long before his heart stopped beating: he was already lying in his coffin, half delirious with grief and pain and the desire to sleep and never open his eyes again: to forget, to let go, to finally refuse to be held accountable because what was the point if all that ever happened was that he was punished for it, actions past, present, and future always held against him?
Iron Man – yes; Tony Stark – not recommended.
Here, now, in this metal coffin of his:
He was Iron Man.
++“Stark, open your eyes! You’re still needed.”++He remembered closing his eyes, hoping that it would be the last time he did so.He remembered wanting to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Master of Death Harry Potter
Master of Death
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Siberia
Suicidal Thoughts
Mental Health Issues
Mental Breakdown
Mental Anguish
Not Steve Friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Broken Team
Tony Stark Has Issues
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Wordcount: 1.000-5.000
Civil War Team Iron Man
Pro Team Iron Man
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Harry Potter Setting
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
post-CA: CW
Not A Fix-It
Tony Stark Deserves Better
Tony Stark Is A Better Man Than All Of Us

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

