Work Text:
“Are you sure you don’t need an escort?” The other junior ambassador asked.
	“Don’t be silly.”  You walked towards the parking garage. “I’m not an important person.”
	“Not yet.” He winked at you.
	You rolled your eyes but couldn’t stop the grin from coming to your face.  With a hand in the air you waved goodbye and headed to your rental car.  It was your first overseas trip for the United Nations and your first presentation to the delegates.  There was no way it could have gone better.  You were on cloud nine.  This was your foot in the door and you were exceeding expectations.  In no time you would work your way up the ladder.  Visions of being voted the youngest President ever danced through your brain.  Tonight was a night for celebration.  
	Maybe a bottle of champagne from the room service?  Or maybe you would live on the wild side and venture out on to the streets of Vienna?  You got to your car and paused, having to do a little happy dance.  You wiggled your shoulders, getting it out of your system.  Nothing could ruin your good mood.  You tapped unlock and sat in the driver’s seat. 
	Before you could close the door a powerful force rammed into your arm, sending you flying into the passenger’s seat.  You screamed as your head hit the floor and legs went up in the air.  A gun was in your face and the scream stopped.  You heard the car door closing and the engine starting. 
	“Say a word and I will kill you.”  The man reached down and grabbed your arm, yanking you upright in the seat.  
	He kept the gun low, but pointed at your side as he pulled your car out of the parking lot and onto the street.  He was dressed from head-to-toe in black combat gear.  His dark brown hair was on the longer side and his pale skin accentuated his icy blue eyes. Under other circumstances any woman would have found him attractive.
	“What…what..do you want from me?”  There was a shake in your voice.  You rubbed your arm where he had grabbed you, certain it would leave a bruise. 
	“No talking.”  He jabbed the gun into your side, making you wince. 
	He drove with precision through the streets.  You debated on pounding on the window for help, but feared the gun firing.  How the hell could this happen? You were a low level U.N. employee, nobody important.  
	“Please. I have family, people who care about me.” You needed this man to see you as human. “I work for the U.N., I’m a peaceful person.”
	“I know.”  He whipped the wheel and you left the main road. “Now shut up.”
	This was your first time in Italy, but you knew enough to figure out that you were leaving the city.  Panic started to rise.  How would anyone find you if you were isolated.  Even though the car was speeding you went for the door handle and started to open it ready to throw yourself onto the road.
	Your assailant was too quick.  He dropped the gun, reached over you and pulled the door shut.  You went to scream but a hand made contact with the side of your head, pounding it into the window.  The last thing you heard was the glass cracking before you blacked out.~~~ 	   The dull ache in your head woke you up.  You let out a groan and moved your stiff arm.  You realized it wouldn’t move and panic flooded your body.  The rush of adrenaline made your eyes opo open.  This was not your hotel room.  You were in some sort of jail cell, bars surrounding you on all four sides.  There was a light hanging in the center, but the rest of the building was dark, making it impossible to see what was beyond the bars.  Your hands were bound together behind your back and your ankles were also tied to each other.  You were on a small cot with a rough grey blanket and pillow.  The only other thing in the jail was a tray table too high up for you to see if anything rested on it.  
	You shouted, but all that came back was a muffled scream.  Your tongue jutted out, but a piece of fabric was tied tight between your lips, making all your noises distorted.  You moved your feet off the bed and used your elbow to push your body upwards.  You sat up on the cot now and tried to scream at the top of your lungs.  
	You thrashed your feet and wrists, trying to pull against the bindings, but they didn’t slip at all. What the hell was happening?  You thought back to the man who stole your car and you.  What could he possibly want.  
	“Are you finished?”  His voice was anything but playful. 
	You snapped your head towards him.  He pulled open a door made completely of bars and walked towards you.  He wore black pants and a black tank, you saw one of his arms was very muscular, but the other was made of metal.  A louder scream tried to break through as he neared you.  He lifted his normal arm and SMACK!  He backhanded you across the cheek.  You fell down on the cot as the pain exploded and your eyes started to water.  
	“Stay quiet and I won’t have to hit you again.”  He sat down next to you. 
	An arm snaked around you and pulled you into his lap.  You bit back the sob and scream you wanted to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
winter soldier/reader

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dark!Bucky
Oral
Sex
Forced
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
winter soldier/reader

