Chapter 1: Losing My Mind
    




Chapter Text
~I had strings,~Tony wakes up screaming, ripping the blankets off his legs before stumbling out of bed and to the bathroom. He collapses against the toilet just in time. Dinner doesn’t taste so great coming back up. Sweaty and panting, he leans his forehead against the seat, hands gripping the back hard enough to ache. Someone… someone is talking… where? The tower, he remembers that… (JARVIS)?“Sir.”~but now I’m free.~“Yea, JARVIS?”“... It’s FRIDAY, Boss.”~I had to kill the other guy… He was a good guy.~Tony’s entire body jerks as reality slams into him; wrenches a sob from his burning throat before he can shut it down. His muscles quiver beneath his skin with the effort he’s exerting to keep himself held together. Stark men are made of Iron, boy! Tony can’t help but scoff. (Iron rusts and crumbles, old man.)“Right, right…” he murmurs before pushing himself up off the tile floor on shaky legs, his chest aching like it’s missing a piece that’s supposed to be there. “What time is it?”“Five a.m., Boss.”“How long?”“You were asleep for two hours this time.”“Might as well get started.”“Boss, you need to get more rest before-”“I’m not going back to bed, mother-hen,” he sighs before washing out his mouth. His eyes rise up and meet him in the mirror.Dark bags; messy, greasy hair; pale skin and bloodshot eyes.~There are no strings on me.~“Mornin’ beautiful,” he grumbles before splashing cold water on his face.Six months of constant night terrors. Six months of trying to drown them in work or alcohol. Fuckin’ Afghanistan. Fuckin’ hole in the sky. (Fuckin’ psycho-child Ultron.)With a tired sigh he gets into the shower (no more baths, not ever again, not since god damn Afghanistan) and soaks in the heat. Night terrors left him freezing from the inside out. Good thing the tower never runs out of hot water.Some amount of time later, after he’s warmed enough to finish bathing, he steps out, towels off, and shuffles into his bedroom, dropping the towel in the hamper on the way out. Ignoring his rumpled bed, he grabs clothes from his dresser -grease-stained Black Sabbath t-shirt over a long-sleeve and track pants- and puts them on. He still hasn’t gotten out of the habit of double layering to mute the glow of the reactor that’s not even there anymore.It had been a part of him; it had been his reminder. But Pepper insisted, and he couldn’t not have removed it if he wanted to keep their relationship from crumbling, especially after the Mandarin shit-storm and ignorantly shoving her into so much danger. He still has nightmares of her falling and never coming back (her body broken, skin blackened with burns and her eyes staring into nothing forever). Unfortunately, it seemed Ultron -it always came back to Ultron- was the last cannonball to sink the ship of his and Pepper’s relationship (I wasn’t the only one who created that bastard, Pepper, please, it wasn’t only my fault!).That was five months ago.The others left him too in some way shortly after.Steve had invited the witch to join the Avengers despite his arguments with the Captain. How could Steve and the others not question her loyalty as a former Hydra volunteer? Was she not going to be held accountable for what she did to Bruce and the team? What about her absolute hatred for all things Stark (what about me, Steve?)? He couldn’t trust her, not after what she made him see; made him feel. He tried to tell them what had happened with Ultron, but Steve, Natasha, the others… they wouldn’t listen. Years of working together, of him covering their backs and having his input at least considered, you’d think what he has to say would at least garner a bit more than a glare and being told to get over himself! After a month of trying to convince them to at least have her evaluated by a psychologist (she’s too powerful to not know her state of mind), he’d decided to step down. His nightmares were riding him hard, leaving him exhausted and twitching every time Wanda flicked her fingers. He wasn’t able to get anything done that needed doing for Stark International or the Avengers and the disregard the team had for him just kept growing. (None of them asked how I was doing.)So he left the day Thor returned to Asgard. Returned to the Tower and was finally able to sleep more than two hours a night. He got things done. He missed the team, but he needed to breathe again.That had lasted all of three weeks.Pepper broke up with him and returned to Malibu. He didn’t tell anyone but Rhodey.Then Steve decided to move them all back to the Tower despite the compound outfitted for them upstate. Tony didn’t understand why. He officially and publicly stepped back from the team when their subtle anger -no doubt caused because of Ultron- (why wouldn’t they let me explain like Hill, Fury, the fucking government of Sokovia, the U.N. and the U.S. did?) and disregard for his health drove him from the compound those weeks ago. Really, going on full-time active-duty
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Vision & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
possible James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Possible Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
possible Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
really its Tony Stark/whoever this story ends up putting him with at this point...

freeform: 
Tony Stark Hates Magic
Arc Reactor
Arc Reactor Issues
BAMF Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
mental manipulation
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
but he's through with everyone's shit
Tony Stark Has Trust Issues
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark has Magic and he hates it
really really hates it

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Vision & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
possible James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Possible Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
possible Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
really its Tony Stark/whoever this story ends up putting him with at this point...

