Work Text:
 

Steve Rodgers marched down the hallway of the Avengers headquarters, when Tony poked his head out his bedroom door. 


“Hey, Steve. Come here…” Tony looked up and down the hallway. “I’ve got something to show you.” 


Steve stepped closer. “What is it Tony? I’ve got a lot of-”


“Oh, just shut up and get in here.” Tony grabbed Steve’s arm and dragged him inside the dark room. “Just wait.” 


Steve looked around, but there was nothing there. “I don’t see-” 



“I think…

” Steve heard Peter’s voice call from the bathroom. 

“I think it might be a little small…” 



“New suit.” Tony whispered to Steve with an enormous smile. “Just had it ordered.” 


Steve looked at Tony. “You had his measurements, right?” 


A cruel smile crept over Tony’s face and he looked at the ground. “I did… and I may have told the lab to make it a size smaller…” 


“Tony! How…” The dressing door opened and Peter emerged. Steve gasped. “Oh my…” 


Peter was beat red as the two older superheroes looked him over. Tony was right, the costume, which was already meant to be skin tight, was too small, and it left nothing to the imagination. Every muscle on his lightly toned body was hugged and pronounced. But Steve’s eyes were immediately drawn to the obscene bulge between the boys legs, which was cupped by the fabric and gave an extremely clear outline of the length inside. 


“I think it looks fine!” Tony marvelled it a slight wink to Steve. “Isn’t that right, Cap?” 


“Uh…” Steve turned as red as Peter and did his best to look away. “Maybe it could be a bit bigger…” But the blood had already rushed to his cock. 


Tony scoffed. “You’re crazy.” He motioned to Peter. “Turn around.” 


Peter sighed and faced away from him. Steve had a hard time holding back a gasp, while Tony laughed silently. The fabric was completely wedged between the boys perfect butt cheeks. 


“Are you sure it’s not too tight?” Peter asked over his shoulder. 


“Maybe. Why don’t you try moving in it?” Tony glanced at Steve, who rolled his eyes. 


The boy lunged back and forth. His ass clenched the fabric as every muscle visibly tensed. 


Tony approached Peter. “How does it feel?” 


“Uh…” Peter noticed Tony angled away from him. “Good but I think I should go change…” He started toward the changing room.


“Wait…” Tony grabbed his shoulder and turned him around. “We have to see… Oh.” 


Tony grinned and looked at Steve. To both their surprise, and arousal, Peter had the beginnings of an erection and each pulse of his shaft could be seen. 


Peter covered his crotch. “Sorry…” he cleared his throat. “The costume is…supportive” 


“There’s no need to be embarrassed.” Steve reassured him. “We’re all men here.” 


“That’s right.” Tony added. “I was hard for a week, the first time I tried on the Iron Man suit.” He pat Peter on the back. “What was it like for you, Steve?” 


The truth was, Bucky had always gotten more satisfaction from the Captain America suit, but Steve couldn’t deny there was a certain stimulation when he put it on. 


“I felt proud.” He nodded to Peter. “And you should too.” 


Peter lifted his chin a little and smiled. “Thanks.” 


“And it looks like it fits really nicely in the shoulders.” Tony rubbed Peters back. “And hugs your form really well…” His fingers traced down Peter’s spine. 


Peter jumped when they reached the beginnings of his crack. 


“I should really go change. It’s starting to get-” he glanced down to his erection. “-uncomfortable…” 


Tony cut him off. “You don’t have to be uncomfortable. Here-” He took off his shirt. “We’re all guys, right?” He glanced to Steve before he kicked off his shoes and dropped his pants, which left him in a pair of tight black briefs. 

Peter’s eyes were like saucers. “You didn’t have to-”

“Sorry.” Tony ran a finger across his cloth covered erection. “It looks like I’m feeling a little proud, too.” 


Peter chuckled, nervously. “Yeah…” His cock was pressed against his abs and just seemed to get harder. 


Tony looked at Peter. “Do you wanna touch it?"


“Tony. Stop.” Steve started toward them, cursing his own hardness. “Leave him alone, he doesn’t want yo-” 


“It’s okay.” Peter said lightly. 


Steve turned to him. “What?”


Tony barely contained his glee. 


“I…” Peter cleared his throat. “I want to touch it.” 


Steve was speechless as Tony pat him on the back. “Sorry, Cap. Better luck next time.” 


Tony stepped around Steve and toward Peter. 


“Go ahead.” He said in a deep voice. “It’s all yours.” 


“Uh…” Peter glanced at Steve but his hands were drawn to Tony. He pressed his palm against the covered shaft and both of them groaned. 


“You really look good in your suit.” Tony purred. 


Peter turned red but his hands moved faster. “Thanks.” 


“I got hard the second I saw you.” 


Peter didn’t respond but moved closer to Tony. 


“You’re so beautiful.” 


Peter groaned. 


“Get on your knees.” 


Peter froze and looked at Tony.  “What?” 


Tony stroked the side of Peter’s face, captured
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Praise Kink
Costume Kink
cum slut
cum
Drugs
Gay Sex
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Threesome - M/M/M
Group Sex
PWP
Drug Use
Dubious Consent
Drugged Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

