Work Text:
 
Thor
 Thor always thought that Misguardians had strange forms of customs, but was always ready to celebrate them.It was New Years Eve, a day that Thor had been assured was of big significance in most cultures. Friend Stark had hosted a celebration in the tower, making it small so that Lady Raven may attend. It was only Friends Clint, Bruce, Steve, Tony, and Rodney and Ladies Natasha, Jane, Pepper, and Raven, but it was rather fun.Friend Tony had turned on all of the speaking boxes on the floor, letting the same reporter speak of a ball dropping. This was also a big deal, though on why anyone would want to watch a ball drop was not yet understood.Thor believed that they could just drop one of Friend Tony's robot's rubber balls faster and maybe that would start the great game of Catch.Instead all were crowded around the boxes, clutching glasses excitedly and watching. Lady Raven was standing back, watching the group from the door to the outdoor patio. She was leaning on the glass tiredly and Thor was struck by concern.He maneuvered out of Lady Jane's hold on his arm, motioning to the window. She nodded, smiling. He beamed back.They had been working on the "Inside Voice" that apparently All Speak did not cover. It was very difficult to master, but everyone looked so pleased when it was achieved."Lady Raven, do you not want to watch this ball drop?" Thor asked once he was over to Raven. She smiled at him and shook her head."No, Lord Prince. I am not a fan of the New Year." She said. Thor thought about offering again to have her call him Thor, but figured the move from the very formal "My Lordship" was enough. Besides, the others were still called the names that she had first used besides their efforts."Why not, if I may ask?" Thor asked. Raven shrugged, moving outside and Thor followed."All will fade. These buildings, these people, even these memories eventually. Even though I love living on this planet, I am older then all on it. The end of a year reminds me of that." Lady Raven said. She sounded sad, but Thor found he could not disagree.The curse of living centuries was that not everyone else did."Why not come to Asguard? You could petition the All Father about extending the life of Friend Stark so that you may never live without him. A companion in long life is a great gift." Thor said. Raven shook her head, staring at the fast moving lights beneath them and the excited noise from behind the door."He would still die, while I can not. The world will end in fire and smoke." She gave a slightly laugh. "The world will end and only I shall see it.""Nothing lives forever." Thor protested."Death does, as does Death's master and Companion." Thor paused at that statement. Surely she wasn't saying...? It would explain much, but it was impossible. The Master of Death was just a legend, a tale told to young Asguardian children to get them to eat the vegetables at feasts or share toys.He had grown up with adults and mothers warning of Death's Master when children did something bad. "You had better hope that the Master of Death didn't see that. You know she never forgets bad children's names! You might just wake up a Bilgesnipe one day. You wouldn't want that, would you?"Hela had always smirked at the rumors, never confirming or denying the story. Thor had once asked her directly, before Loki had turned away from them and they were all young, and she had just said she was not Death. She had admitted to being a servant of death, never Death itself and not even the main servant, just another one in a line of many to serve her master."How?" He managed. She smiled at him."Trade secret." She whispered. Lady Raven walked to the edge of the patio and leaned forward, wind coming to play with her loose hair. "Tell Cube not to try the marshmallow thing with Arrow. It won't end well." She murmured. Her words were almost taken by the wind, but somehow he heard her.He made the note to warn Loki and Friend Clint. They had somehow bonded once Friend Clint had shot Loki in the leg twice and Loki had saved Clint's life once. Thor was just glad that Lady Natasha had accepted Clint's approval of Loki and had not used her methods to welcome him.Lady Raven had warned that Lady Natasha would have been worse.Thor hesitated for a moment before speaking. "While most things fade, some last. You have lived far longer, but would you not agree there have been good years? I know that I have met Lady Jane and all of the Avengers and that has been worth the knowing that one day they will die. Humans are interesting creatures, they will adapt to bigger and better things in time; and it is always fascinating to watch them. Would you give that up?" He knew enough about Death from Hela not to think that Lady Raven could allow someone to last forever. It would just cause more problems.Lady Raven smiled at him. "I shall miss you, Lord Prince. Yet, I think I shall not have to miss you yet." She kissed his cheek as she went back inside and Thor real
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Darcy's Drunk
Fem!Harry
Protective Pepper
Family Dynamics
Immortal Harry
Protective Tony
Quirky Harry
Family Bonding
Protective Clint
Master of Death Harry
Harry feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor

