Work Text:

Hank Pym

Hank Pym is the first person to find the ‘Rogue Avengers’ — as the media was now calling them — once King T’Challa throws them out of Wakanda and announces to the world that they had sought refuge there. And it’s a damn good thing he did, too, because who knows what could have happened if someone else had found them.Honestly, Hank can not understand why the King had even made that choice. They had only done the right thing, namely fighting against Stark and his devious plan to interfere with the Avengers’ right to fight for the causes they wanted to fight.“He said that he only extended the asylum to Bucky — and, more reluctantly, Steve — and that bringing us,” Scott gestures to the rest of their group, “was not a part of the deal.”“It’s a shame we had to leave Bucky behind.” Steve buried his head in his hands, poor guy.“Stark must’ve influenced them in the time they spent together,” Wanda theorized. Her voice was full of rage that Hank understood wholeheartedly.Wilson, however, sighs. “Wanda, you can’t be serious-”“No, I am sure she’s right. Stark is an evil mastermind, just like his father. Starks don’t care about anyone but themselves. Never have, and never will.” It is for the best that they have finally learned it. That means the world as whole is one step closer to knowing the truth.“Now, that is not true,” Steve shakes his head. “During the war, Howard was most certainly very helpful.”“I’m sure he was very helpful.” Hank nods in agreement. “Selling you weapons, when he could have simply given them to you, I bet. Taking every opportunity to make profit is in Stark blood.”“I’m sorry, really,” Wilson interrupts, “but he was running a business. No one can afford to give away millions upon millions of free guns and grenades and such.”“Then maybe think of the way Stark Junior used his wealth to buy your friendship.” Surely that had to go through Wilson’s thick skrull. “I bet he gave you expensive gifts all the time and ‘expect nothing in return’. He tried to earn your trust and when you — foolishly, if I may add — extended it to him, he abused it in his absurd need to control everything.”“Yeah, Stark really likes to flaunt his wealth,” Clint approves. “But let’s talk about something else now. I don’t need that asshole to take up more of my time and thoughts.”“You make an excellent point, Clint.” Wanda nods. “Thank you again, Mr. Pym for taking us in.”“Oh, it’s no problem, young lady.” Hank chuckles a bit. “It’s just what anyone with my resources would do. Or any decent human being,” he corrects himself. “You’re the Avengers after all, no matter what the media seems to think right now. You can’t continue fighting what’s right if you’re in prison, after all.”“It looks like we may not be able to do that at all, I’m afraid.” Steve sighs as he says this. He looks at Clint and he is clearly apologizing for his next sentence. “Stark cut our funding.”“Of course he did, that’s what I’ve been saying all along.” Hank throws his hands up in the air for a moment. “But don’t worry. I will handle your funding. Housing, food, equipment, and anything else that comes up. You don’t have to repay me, of course,” he adds before they can insist.“Thank you, Mr. Pym.” Steve sounds so grateful, like the weight of the whole world had been taken off his shoulders. And, in a way, that is kind of what happened.“Steve’s right,” Clint agrees. “You do not need to do this. That you do means a lot, thank you, Mr. Pym.”“Call me Hank, please. I mean, we’re all friends here, aren’t we?”“I suppose we are,” Wanda realizes. She smiles, surely glad to be finally out of Stark’s thumb.

Yelena Belova

Yelena Belova is in Iran when she spots Natalia and her team. They seem to be tracking the origin of the people who destroyed the ‘innocent village’ that is now in ruins.It is kind of cute, how they keep up this charade even now. After all, the ‘innocent village’ had really been a village full of terrorists — Yelena had been employed to train their children to follow their footsteps — and the US Soldiers had — for some reason — even evacuated the children first. God knows that it is far from their usual course of action, but maybe the actions of the ‘Rogue Avengers’ had backfired and actually taught them morals.Imagine that.Nevertheless, Yelena simply has to drop by and pay respect where it is due.“Congratulations, Natalia,” Yelena compliments as she steps out of the shadows of the ruins she was hiding — back when she had thought the opposing side may be coming back to change if they had gotten everyone. “You have done more than anyone could ever have expected of you. We thought we lost you, but you’re still the best of us all”“What the fuck are you talking about?” Barton asks bluntly. No wonder Natalia’s plan had worked, if that was the man she had to convince.Yelena simply chuckles, but there is no emotion in it whatsoever. “Are you serious? She infiltrated the most powerful defense on Earth and completely destroyed it! It’s a sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Past Clint Barton/Laura Barton - Relationship
Everyone & Everyone

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Team Cap is full of shit
May add tags later
Deutsch | German
Hypocrisy
Wordcount: 5.000-10.000
Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net
POV Third Person
Present Tense
Русский | Russian

fandom: 
Past Clint Barton/Laura Barton - Relationship
Everyone & Everyone

