Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Avengers alarm blared. Somewhere in the tower, Tony knew that the rest the team – not his team, no, never his team – were jerking awake and scrambling out of bed. Tony didn’t have that problem. He was standing in his living room by the window, looking out at the city. He could see his reflection in the glass, and what he saw didn’t exactly overwhelm him. An old, haggard, useless man who would never be worthy of the Avengers. A man who’d been a fool to think otherwise.“Sir,” JARVIS said. The alarm switched off so that the A.I. could speak quietly. “Perhaps you should sit this one out. I could inform Captain Rogers that you are indisposed.”“No.”“I wouldn’t even have to lie,” JARVIS said, because he was sassy like that. “You’re not fit for –”“I said no,” Tony said, more firmly this time. “I’m fine. I can go.” He turned away from the window and limped over to the launch pad. (They hadn’t prepped him, not the way they should’ve. He’d struggled when he’d felt fingers down there. Maybe that was a mistake because all that had earned him was a slap and a little bit of lubrication smeared around his hole. The first thrust had brought tears to his eyes and he’d tried to scream through the gag. It came out as more of a slurred grunt and they’d laughed at him, taunting him about enjoying it.)It was cold when he stepped outside, so cold, but he barely noticed. He didn’t know what was going on, but he wasn’t about to let the team go anywhere without him. Thor was amazing at aerial support, but he didn’t always notice the little details. Tony considered it his responsibility to catch Clint when Clint threw himself off of buildings, or keep track of the Hulk, or grab Natasha when she needed help, or catch Steve when he jumped out planes without parachutes.He felt better once the armor surrounded him, more centered. Nothing could hurt him while he was wearing the armor. Scratch that: no one could touch him while he was wearing the armor, and that was the most important thing by far. His heart rate slowed as the HUD lit up. JARVIS opened up the communication line and suddenly the helmet was flooded with voices. Tony just listened for a moment as he took off.Then Steve’s voice, strong and commanding, cut through the chatter. “Iron Man! Report. Are you there?”“Present,” Tony said with a small smile, though of course no one but JARVIS would know that. “I’ve left the tower and I’m on my way downtown. E.T.A. is two minutes.”“We’re right behind you,” Natasha said. “Save some of the fun for us.”Tony smirked but didn’t respond. Hearing a distant boom of thunder, he turned his head just in time to see Thor joining him. Thor beamed, red cape billowing dramatically around his shoulders, and Tony was grateful for the faceplate that meant he didn’t need to try and smile back. He wondered suddenly if Thor was afraid too. Did Thor worry that the team might get captured again? Did he worry that he’d be drugged again?Probably not. Thor didn’t have cause to worry. Thor hadn’t been willingly handed over for – (They’d put straps against his wrists so he couldn’t fight and then more straps around his ankles and thighs, spreading his legs wide. The straps, whatever they were made of, had rubbed his skin raw. He’d pulled and squirmed so hard that blood was running down his arms and probably down his legs too, but it didn’t stop. The hands kept touching him, sliding across his skin.)“Man of Iron! We must continue,” Thor boomed.“What?” Tony said, realizing he’d come to a complete stop. His skin itched. He had the nearly unbearable urge to flee back to the tower and take a long shower.“Are you well?” Thor said, sounding confused. “Usually you are eager to be the first to reach the enemy.”“I – I’m fine,” Tony said. This time, grateful that his voice somehow didn’t shake. “Sorry, JARVIS was showing me data and I got lost in thought.” He quickly scanned the info that JARVIS – thank god for JARVIS – pushed across the HUD. “Looks like we’re dealing with someone that’s got an affinity for electricity. Most of Manhattan is dead.”“You should keep your distance,” Steve said over the comm. “That could cause damage to your suit.”“My suit is better than that,” Tony said, aiming for cocky and falling flat. They’d stripped him out of the suit. Peeled it off him like it was made of latex – “I should like to see this foe that feels they are good enough to use electricity as their weapon,” Thor declared. He waved Mjolnir around and gave a predatory grin that made Tony’s skin crawl. “Come, Man of Iron. Let us confront our new enemy!”“Yeah, let’s do that,” Tony said numbly, kicking the thrusters into high gear. He flew after Thor but kept a careful distance between them. They reached the sight in less than a minute and a half; their ‘foe’ was immediately obvious, considering that he was the only visible person in at least a dozen blocks. Well, that and the fact that he was dressed from head to toe in bright red rubber.“Avengers,” the guy s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Past Rape/Non-con
Flashbacks
Flashbacks of Rape
rape is between Tony/OMC
PTSD
Victim Blaming
Oblivious Team
Oblivious Avengers
Insecure Tony Stark
Tony Stark is not a soldier
Tony Stark is a civilian
volunteering someone for sex
Consent Issues
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Oblivious Natasha Romanov
Oblivious Clint Barton
Drugs
Oblivious Bruce Banner
Oblivious Thor
Team as Family
the team loves Tony Stark
and they are appropriately horrified when they realize what happened
protect tony stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Past Kidnapping
Phil Coulson is a badass
Protective Phil Coulson
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective Thor
sincere apologies
Miscommunication
miscommunication like no one's business
tony stark feels worthless
and like he's not a part of the team
Trust Issues
Mistakes
sometimes the team forgets tony isn't a trained soldier
team rallies around tony
and vows to make up for their mistake
it's hard because tony would do it again
tony is self-sacrificing
the team will protect him
team gets to know tony stark
team loves tony stark
Angst and Fluff
Bittersweet Ending
meaning a happy ending but tony is still working through trauma
Focuses more on the aftermath
Rape Recovery
Rape trauma

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Phil Coulson & Tony Stark

