Work Text:
“You know, Tony,” Steve said.  His breath feathered warm over Tony’s collarbone, against his shoulder, and Tony found himself closing his eyes to savor it, arching up against that soft, warm mouth, despite himself, pushing his shoulders back against the wall in his workshop.  Steve closed his mouth, pressed a gentle kiss against Tony’s shoulder, then trailed soft, dragging kisses up over Tony’s shoulder, his neck.“H-hey, careful there, slugger,” Tony said, breathless, “don’t leave any marks on the merchandise, I need to—to be seen in public with that neck.”“Yeah, all right,” Steve said, with a bit of a laugh, and pulled off his gloves, tossed them after Tony’s shirt, then slid his hands up and down along Tony’s bare sides, a warm, easy slide of his firm palms along Tony’s skin.  Tony felt very aware of how Steve was touching him, how he was gently holding him against the wall, hands falling to Tony’s hips, not pushing him, not doing anything but standing there, hands gently closed around Tony’s hips, but still—he was so big, so tall, so damn broad, that it was like he was looming over him, warmth radiating out of Steve’s big body into his, over his, still dressed in his uniform, in his boots, just minus the helmet and the gloves, now, but still so warm.“Wh-what?” Tony stuttered after another moment of Steve rubbing his sides, stroking up and down, and making love to his neck, making him shiver, melt, tilt his head back and arch up into it.  It had been a long, long time since anyone had made him feel this—this meltingly soft, this warm and dizzy and weak in the knees, just with a few neck kisses and warm hands on Tony’s sides.It had been a long time since he’d let someone get his shirt off this easily, since … since Pepper, to be honest, and now here he was, standing here under Steve in just the loose ratty old knit drawstring pants he’d been wearing when he came down here to work out a few ideas for his armor and his boxers, bare feet and everything, and it felt so—so obviously needy, so pathetic, like he seemed totally desperate, sex-deprived or something, the way his dick was tenting his pants, hard and needy just from Steve’s mouth on his neck, Steve’s hands touching him so gently, the arc reactor throwing its dim blue light all over the dark room.  Tony’s breaths felt unsteady.“Hmm?” Steve asked, and his mouth slid wet and warm and so, so unbelievably soft, up over Tony’s neck, to nuzzle gently, so damn gently, at the hinge of Tony’s jaw.  Steve was so big, so strong, such a—a force of nature in a fight, but his mouth was so gentle on Tony’s neck, his hands so soft on Tony’s sides, palms against his belly, and Tony didn’t know why it was making his cock ache and jump, hard in his boxers, would never have called it, this … softness turning him on this fast, but it was making him feel hot all over, giddy and lightheaded and almost faint with desire, his fingers curling against the wall to prevent them from clinging to Steve, instead, hooking into the too-tight fabric of his uniform and curling in, not letting go, like they wanted to.“You—you were going to say something,” he managed to stammer, and it came out all breathy, husky, groaning.“Mmm,” Steve said. His hands slid up over Tony’s chest, skimmed over Tony’s nipples, and suddenly Tony felt incredibly aware of them, the heat of them under Steve’s palms, under his thumbs, as Steve circled his thumb gently against the skin of the areola, and, whoa, Tony had never been sensitive there, was even less so after the arc reactor had messed up his chest, what was going on?  “Are you sensitive in your nipples, Tony?” Steve murmured, lips trailing against Tony’s cheek, along his beard, his smooth skin scratching along Tony’s short facial hair and making him shiver, his thumb still circling against that sensitive ring of flesh around Tony’s nipple that suddenly felt far more sensitive than it ever had before.“Uh, no,” Tony said, even though they were perking up under Steve’s thumbs, hardening under the shivering sensations Steve’s touch was sending tingling through his entire body from each slow circle of his thumbs, “no.  Sorry, b-big guy.  Not—not really, not sensitive there, no.”“That’s a shame,” Steve said, smiling a little as he rubbed his cheek along Tony’s, turned his head and pressed a soft kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth.  “You have such pretty nipples.”“I … no, first of all, I don’t,” Tony said, and wanted to blurt out you do, though, they’re so cute and soft and pink and I just want to put my mouth on them and bite down and do you like to have them bitten until they’re throbbing, Steve, cupcake, because I’d really like to—but he swallowed, pushed it back.  “Second, was, uh, uh, was that really what you were going to say?”  Steve’s hands felt so big, so warm, on his chest.  Tony could feel his heart pounding under his touch.“I can’t be curious about your nipples now?” Steve murmured, squeezing gently at both Tony’s nipples with his fingers 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Content
Established Relationship
Dom/sub Undertones
Sub Tony Stark
Sub Tony
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Steve
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Manhandling
Size Difference
Size Kink
Kinky Themes
Non-Explicit Kink
Kissing
Neck Kissing
Gentle Kissing
Kinktober 2017
Kinktober

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

