Work Text:
 “There’s a guy who’s been flirting with me.”
It takes Peter two weeks to finally say it out loud. Not that loud, though, since they’re in school and the cafeteria is the fertile ground from which gossip flourishes and spreads through the grapevine – but loud enough for Ned not to ask him to repeat it.
Ned, he notes from the corner of his eyes, seems surprisingly unsurprised by the admission.
“You’ve finally caught onto Flash?” Ned asks and half-snorts into his juice-box. “About time, slowpoke! He’s been after you since fifth grade, Peter– “
“What?!” Peter squeaks, loudly, then hastily looks around to check; but no one turns to look at him.
“Not Flash then,” Ned hums thoughtfully, taking another bite from his sandwich. He’s halfway into his bite before he startles, eyes growing wide, and the sandwich drops from his lax grip. It falls onto the tray, making the juice box rock around precariously – and Peter hastily grabs it to still his own racing heart and keep Ned’s shirt clean from any food-related accidents.
“Is it– holy shit, Peter, is it Stark?”
Peter recoils from the notion so suddenly he squeezes the box in his hand; fortunately, it was nearly empty, but not empty enough as to not splatter Peter’s shirt and his hand with just enough orange juice to sugarcoat Peter’s skin with its stickiness.
“Ew– Ned, what the hell?!” Peter can’t spare a glare to Ned as he tries to find some napkins to clean his shirt with. He still has four more periods to go, then the Math Club activities, and the juice makes it look like someone peed on his shirt.
“You’re the one who’s back on the internship,” Ned stresses the word, and Peter has a queasy feeling in his gut when Ned uses air-quotes.
“Mr. Stark is Aunt May’s age,” Peter hisses as he crumples his used napkin to dry his hand, “And even if he wasn’t– he’s Tony Stark.“
Ned shrugs. “I ain’t here to judge.” He picks the sandwich back, and Peter lets a long, frustrated huff of air from his nose, turning to glare at his food tray, apatite lost.
“It’s in-costume we’re speaking of, yeah?” Ned asks, and Peter nods, the question making his stomach flip.
“If Stark’s not your Sugar Daddy,” Ned says and Peter cringes, looking around to make sure they’re still as uninteresting as they always were, and thanks God Michelle is nowhere at sight, “Who is this guy?” 
“I don’t know,” he uses his fork to poke at the unappetizing mush on his dish tray, still uncomfortable with Ned’s teasing. “I’ve met him on patrol couple of days ago, and now he’s turning up everywhere I go.”
 “Mhmm,” Ned turns to Peter, swallowing his bite. “Is he hot?”
‘He’s a Superhero, what do you think?’ He wants to snark back as his cheeks flush, but instead just shakes his head.
“Never mind, dude.” Peter shoves the food into his mouth – because he paid for it – distracts Ned with news about the new Star Wars, and sulks throughout the school day.
 
The foiled shirt, unfortunately, keeps sticking to his skin.
“I’ve been thinking about that guy,” Ned says later that day, when they’re both playing Tekken at his place. Peter hums in acknowledgment, not really listening, concentrating on not losing the match (and also not accidently crushing the controller; he can’t afford to buy Ned a replacement). Ned is continuing his strike of victories, making a throne of his own bed, with Peter sitting on the carpet next to some textbooks and half-assed homework assignments. No matter how many times Peter picks a different character, Ned’s Panda crushes them like recyclable bamboo dishes.
“You should tell Stark about it. Figure out the Superhero-Etiquette to flirting in costume.”
Peter flinches slightly as Ned wipe the floor with him, then sighs and puts the controller down.
“Stark’s busy, he doesn’t have time for such things.” He runs a hand through his hair, and lets his eyes stray towards the window, where the bricks of the neighbouring building are the colour of rust, faded by sunlight. “And that’s not like–“ Peter stops mid-sentence, chewing his bottom lip. “The thing is. The guy?”
Ned hums quizzically.
“He’s kinda… old.”
“Old?” Ned frowns. “Like Stark-old, or old-old?”
“I don’t know,” Peter shrugs with one shoulder, fidgeting in place. He feels strange; he wants to talk to Ned about it, but at the same time – doesn’t. He’d tried repressing the whirlwind of emotions the encounters flare-up in him, and it leaves him feeling hollow and worn-out. He doesn’t know how to explain himself to Ned, who keeps asking mundane questions instead of– of the things Peter wants him to ask.
But he doesn’t know what those things are.
“He’s just– “ Peter starts plucking at the carpet lightly, not sure how to define the vibe of their conversations, the intonation the man uses when he’s talking to Peter, that makes Peter sure the guy’s in a whole different league. “Older, you know?”
He glances up at Ned, who’s looking unsure, and feels stupid for even bringing it up.
“Peter,” Ned says in that tone of his that a decade of friendship helps to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man

freeform: 
Age Difference
(WHICH IS THE MAIN THEME OF THE STORY HEED THE WARNINGS)
Canon-Typical Violence
Internalized Victim Blaming
(how is this not a tag)
Unreliable Narrator
(sorta) - Freeform
Self-Harm
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spider-man

