Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Come now brother, don't be shy."Loki had scrambled as far away as he could from Thor and was now backed up in the corner of his brothers room, eyes wide with fear, mouth muzzled and hands bound in front of him. He had seen Thor enter the room but that's not what scared him. It was the two, rather large dildos; straps attached that set him off.After Thor had returned Loki home, the all-father had sentenced Loki to be executed but Thor had pleaded with him to change his mind. He didn't, once the all-father had made a decision, he rarely went back. Thor had then asked that he be allowed to have Loki spend his last month’s living with him in Thor's quarters. He wished to say goodbye to his brother. After a while, Odin had finally agreed, as long as Loki was bound, gagged and there were guards at every door of Thor's room."You're okay Loki; you're going to be fine. You know, I'm only trying to help you." Funny way of showing it, Loki thought, but he could only whimper as a response.Thor was a couple of feet away from him now, Loki was struggling and mewling but it was getting him nowhere, Thor watched him with a small smile until Loki calmed down and was just left breathing heavy.
Thor bent down so that he was eye level with his brother."Now, Loki, I need you to be cooperative with me. A little over two months and you will be dead, but I can save you, I just need you to help me out okay?" Loki didn't see how the two large dildos came into 'saving' him but he wasn't going to find out without a fight. He knew Thor was stronger than him, he barely had a chance but he would struggle, and whine and kick and fight until he passed out. He stared at his brother defiantly, not challenging him, willing him to stop, angry but pleading. "Don't look at me like that Loki; you have yet to hear my plan. I asked to have you brought to my room for your last week’s here. It doesn't matter how beaten you are, how sorry you are, nothing will change the All-fathers mind about your execution. But, one thing father will not be able to ignore. No execution may be brought upon a woman who carries life in her womb." Loki's eyes went wide and he shook his head slightly, he can't be serious, surely he wouldn't..."Don't you see brother? I know you're not technically a woman but father cannot have you killed if you are with child. It's perfect. It buys us time."Loki was shaking his head frantically now, hands straining against the bonds, leaving deep pressure lines in his wrists. Tears of panic and fury burned his eyes as they formed."Do you not see Loki? This is all you have, there is nothing more you can do, you will die brother!" Thor put the two dildos down on the floor and grabbed Loki's bonds and put his other hand round the back of Loki's head, just like he has done so many times before, it should have felt familiar but to Loki, muzzled and bound, trembling in the corner of his 'brothers' chambers, it just felt wrong."I cannot lose you again, not yet, do you understand? We must do this!" With that, he pulled on the bonds on Loki's hands as he stood up, dragging the younger god up with him. Loki struggled and let out moans of panic but Thor picked him up effortlessly and put him down on his bed. Father would not be happy about this but it was all he could do now, to save Loki.Keeping one hand on his chest he pulled at Loki's clothes, simple by as guardian standards. A green over shirt and plain black trousers, no shoes and no undergarments were given to criminals. He couldn't get the shirt off of him without ripping it so he did just that instead, tearing it from the neck, down the middle and ripping the sleeves to pull the material off him. Then he undid the clasps at the top of Loki's trousers, the god bucked wildly trying to throw him off but Thor just leaned onto the hand on Loki's chest and he stilled, tears running from his eyes now. He lay still, breathing raggedly through his nose as Thor opened his trousers and began pulling them down with one hand. Loki didn't move as he felt them slipping lower, revealing his mixed sex. Thor had never seen him completely naked before, he wasn't even sure how Thor knew he was intersex. Thor pulled his trousers off the rest of the way, pulling Loki to the edge of the bed, now completely naked, he looked down at his brother’s cock. He parted the younger god’s legs slowly and Loki turned his head away in embarrassment. Thor breathed in deep as he looked at his brother. He was so beautiful, Thor had never seen anyone like him before and he could feel himself growing hard as he imagined what he was going to do. He left his brother, lying displayed on the bed and went to fetch the dildos he had left on the floor in the corner. Loki didn't move he knew there was no point; Thor would just wrestle him back to that position anyway. Thor also decided to get some oil to and returned to where Loki was, heaving and crying subtly on his bed. Thor stroked his brother’s leg and shus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Smut
Intersex Loki
Anal Sex
Dubious Consent
dub con
Fingerfucking
Oral Sex
Forced Orgasm
Mpreg
Multiple Orgasms
Porn
minimal plot
Sex
Lots of Sex
Brothers
Sibling Incest
but not really
Gags
Biting
Handcuffs
Rape/Non-con Elements
Thorki - Freeform
Violence
BAMF Frigga
Porn With Plot
Childbirth
Dark Thor
Guilty Thor but still dark
Minimal plot became a lot of plot
Rape Fantasy
Rough Sex
Violent Sex
BAMF Loki
Masturbation
Feels
Loki Feels
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Dark
Fucked Up Dreams
Blood and Gore
graphic birth
Asphyxiation
Breathplay
Vaginal Fisting
Subspace
Bodily Fluids
Gentle Sex
Graphic Description
Emotional Hurt
Psychological Trauma
possible trigger warning

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

