Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Stupid Steve. Stupid cheating Steve.On a warm day at the beginning of August, Tony yanked his duffel bag into the metro and dropped onto the next best seat not occupied with bubblegum or a drunken passenger. The end of their relationship felt like a bad dream. Although, no, actually it felt more like a living nightmare.Steven Grant Rogers, man of Tony's dreams, fiancé of many years, and owner of a small automobile repair shop in Brooklyn, had gone and betrayed him behind his back with that moron he called he called his best friend from childhood, James 'Bucky' Barnes. Supposedly best friend Bucky Barnes had been overstepping his childhood-friend-boundaries when Tony caught them joined in places no best friends should ever be joined.And so Anthony Edward Stark had packed all of what had been his and left Brooklyn behind.New York City was his hometown, but Tony could not stand being that close to his painful memories anymore, which was why he was sitting on a train headed for... where was he going? Oh, right, Gotham City. Tony had never heard of that one before, but chances were good neither had Steve. Not that Steve was going to bother looking for him, he would be too busy shoving his tongue down Bucky's throat. Among other things.Tony cast sad brown eyes out of the grimy tram windows and watched the scenery fly by.Time for a fresh start.“Alfred, please drive Damian to his fencing lesson at 5:30.”“Of course, Sir. May I remind you that Master Richard also has gymnastics at 5:30 this afternoon?”With a groan, Bruce Wayne looked up from his papers.“Why haven't we found a suitable nanny by now? Aren't we hiring anymore?”“That we are, Sir. However, the last two candidates for the position have left after Master Damian consequently pretended to be possessed by the devil, Master Tim spoke in nothing but Latin profanities, and Master Richard got caught swinging from the chandeliers in the dining room. The third one has not shown up so far.”Bruce had to suppress a groan and a small smirk at his boys' shenanigans. He knew he needed to be more strict with them, but being a single parent was harder than anything he ever had attempted to do. Besides, Richard's and Tim's adoptions were finally through after a long and tiresome, legal period, and he did not want to jar their young minds any further.Damian was his own flesh and blood, but sometimes Bruce suspected the genes of his mother were far too prominent. No child at the age of eight was supposed to be so fond of occult rituals and morbid hobbies like voodoo. Compared to him, Richard was a saint. He had just turned 15 and felt very much adult and grown-up. His passion for acrobatics was something Bruce supported, for the most part.He had drawn the line at free climbing outside of Wayne Manor after that one time involving a fire escape ladder and four huge fire department trucks in the driveway. Damian looked up to Richard but seemed to harbor a certain kind of spite for Tim, maybe because the 12-year-old was the easiest to handle of the three. He loved normal things like computer games, riding his BMX bike, and playing the drums.The last hobby had made Bruce install a soundproof room.Bruce Wayne -billionaire, eligible bachelor at the tender age of 30, and known in his hometown as the Prince of Gotham- rubbed his forehead and sighed. “Increase the pay, double the ads in the papers – I want to have somebody by the end of the month at the latest.” With his usual amount of dignity and patience, Alfred Pennyworth inclined his head.“Certainly, Master Wayne.”Gotham City was a shithole no thirty minutes in, Tony decided.Someone had tried to nab his bag right after the train had passed an area called The Narrows and strange peers piled in. Pulling his baseball hat deeper into his face, Tony pressed his back against the hard plastic seat and eyed his fellow passengers. Two teenage girls with garish makeup and fishnet stockings. A man with a tattooed head and bad teeth glared back at him. Tony was quick to avert his gaze.The woman to his left looked stoned to the brim. She was peeling out something from underneath her fingernails. With a shudder, Tony examined the passenger info system above her head. The next stop was called the Palisades. That somehow sounded less criminal. Just as a drunkard down the aisle began to curse in a loud, incensed way, Tony got up and pressed the door button as the train rolled to a stop.As it turned out, civilization apparently had not informed Gotham's Palisades of its existence.Tony found himself in the middle of nowhere, on a train station with only one platform, no ticket office, and a single, sad-looking park bank defaced by obscene graffiti. People from the Narrows probably hated the Palisades for exactly the same reasons. Since he had run out of money to buy another ticket back into the city center, he had no choice but to walk until he ran into
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Bruce Wayne
eventual Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Crossover Pairings
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Alternate Universe
Mechanic Tony Stark
Crack Treated Seriously
Alternate Universe - Nanny
Batfamily Feels
Bruce Wayne is a Good Dad
Attempt at Humor
Developing Relationship
Family Dynamics
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Getting to Know Each Other
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Unresolved Romantic Tension
Male Slash
Same-Sex Marriage
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Iron Bat - Freeform

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Bruce Wayne
eventual Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne

