Chapter 1: Eyeful
    




Chapter Text
Tony walked into his parents’ apartment without really looking where he was going, attention mostly on his phone as he sorted out some problems with the new StarkPad interface. He heard a pained noise and quickened his step into the living room, immediately worried that something was wrong.“Mom, dad–” He stopped in his tracks when he caught sight of his parents making out on the couch like teenagers. “Oh, my god!” He turned away as fast as he could, but he was still fairly sure he saw his father’s hand up his mom’s skirt and… dear god, he did not need to see that. “Jesus, guys!”“Damn it, Tony, how about knocking?” Howard hissed.Tony walked all the way into the kitchen and got a glass of water – too bad there was no beer – to try and get the image out of his mind. It didn’t help.“How was I supposed to know you’d be… doing that?” he said weakly.“Well, it’s only polite, honey,” his mom said, coming into the kitchen. Her blouse was all wrinkled and her hair messed up and Tony felt himself burn with embarrassment. He wasn’t the type to blush, usually, but then, he’d never caught his parents… making out… before. He didn’t even know they did that anymore. (Or ever, come to think of it. Well, obviously they had once, or he wouldn’t have been born, but Tony couldn’t recall seeing his parents being touchy-feely with each other back in the day. Maybe they’d just been discreet about it.)“I will be very sure to do so next time, rest assured.” He did not need to see that – or think about it – again. Howard’s clothes were just as rumpled, and he had an irritated air as he came over. Tony felt a bit bad for interrupting, but mostly he was just mortified. “Sorry,” he said, not wanting to dwell on their appearance much longer.“You’d better,” Howard muttered under his breath, still clearly annoyed. Well, no one liked blue balls, Tony thought, then winced at himself. Do not go there, Tony.“Did you want something, honey?” Maria asked, as ever more composed (and polite), casually smoothing out her hair and clothes, as if she hadn’t just been caught in a compromising position. Damn it brain, stop it!“I was going to ask if you wanted to get dinner.” Of course he now realized they probably didn’t; they seemed to have other plans, after all. “But we can leave it for another day, obviously. I mean, since you’re… busy.” Oh, god, just shut up. He grimaced at himself and prepared to get the hell out of dodge before he made things worse. “So I’ll just be going then, and leave you to it…” Nope, not working.“Oh, for god’s sake, Tony, I had no idea you’d be such a prude.”Tony halted at those words, trying to process them. No one had ever accused Tony Stark of being a prude. That was… completely ludicrous. “I am not a prude!” Those sex tapes were certainly proof enough of that, though he probably shouldn’t mention that to his parents. (He was pretty sure his parents didn’t want to think about his sex life any more than he did about theirs.)“Then stop acting like you don’t know people have sex.”“But you’re old!” Tony said, and immediately cringed at himself.Howard gave him an unimpressed look. “You do realize I was older then you are now when you were born, right?”Tony blinked. He knew that, of course, but he had not actually thought about what that meant. Right. Well, good for Howard, then. (And Maria, he supposed.) In any case, this was a conversation Tony could do without.“Okay, okay. I’m cool. I’m a cool guy, everybody knows that. So… hmm…”“I think we should do dinner tomorrow, darling.”“Right, yes. Tomorrow is good.”His mother smiled at him and kissed him on the cheek. (Tony tried not to imagine what else she might be kissing later. Damn it.) His dad just huffed at him.“Knock, next time.”“Yes, absolutely. I will certainly do that. No doubt whatsoever.” There was a slightly awkward pause. “So, you guys have a nice evening.”Howard smirked, the bastard. “I’m sure we will.”Right. Time to go.Tony didn’t run away because that was beneath his dignity as a grown man and a superhero; he made a strategic retreat to give his parents some privacy (all the while firmly not thinking what they needed privacy for).Once in the elevator, Tony rubbed his hands over his face and sighed. “Friday,” he said.“Yes, Boss?”“If I forget, please remind me to knock next time, yes?”“Sure thing, Boss.” Tony wasn’t sure if it was his imagination or if there was actually a note of laughter in his girl’s voice.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Fluff

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

