Work Text:
Tony Stark.The man was... a conundrum. He was a contradiction. An enigma. Impossible. Unprecedented. Confuting. Contravention. Mystification. Perplexity. He was a contrast to everything her father had ever told her- everything Hope had ever believed until she'd met him. He was her friend.And wasn't that a shocker?Hope didn't make friends easily or often, mostly due to her cold, unapproachable demeanour, but somehow this billionaire, genius, superhero had managed to get under her skin to the point that he was quite possibly her closest friend. And she had no idea how that had happened. To be honest, Hope had always shared her father's view about the Starks. She had believed them to be arrogant, untrustworthy, irresponsible imbeciles whose only saving grace were their undeniable talent in inventing. A lot of this had come from recounts of her father's experience with Howard Stark, but she had formed her own opinions of the man's son based off of what the media peddled constantly back when he was seen as nothing more than a drunk college student with a penchant for throwing wild parties and having sex with anything that moved, and then later as the Merchant of Death. That was why meeting the man in person had made her feel incredibly surprised at his generosity and more than a little guilty for having previously judged him so harshly before even meeting him. Hope had been severely reminded of the fact that the sins of the father were not the sins of the son, and that they shouldn't be seen as such.Hope had met Mr Stark at a technological conference in Japan about four months after the 'Civil War'. The man had shown a keen intelligence and had complimented her father's work building the Ant-Man suit, of which Hope had denied. Mr Stark just raised a brow and hummed, clearly not convinced, before asking her to consider collaborating their technologies to expand into other fields, such as medicine and agriculture- which she had never even considered before. He talked about ending their fathers' feud and forming a partnership between Stark Industries and Pym Technologies over the next few years. He also expressed a desire to work her and her father in the Research and Development aspects of their companies and asked her to think about it. Needless to say, Hope had left that night feeling thoroughly vexed as to how Tony Stark had made an impression which contradicted everything he thought she knew about him. She had initially intended to turn down his offer but, after giving it a lot of thought, Hope found that she was curious enough to see where it would go. She was not, however, prepared for how important the man would become in her life.A week after the conference that they had met at, Hope placed a call to Stark Industries, which was received by Miss Virginia 'Pepper' Potts, the famous CEO, herself. Miss Potts had barely shown any surprise at one of SI's rival companies contacting them, which caused Hope's respect for her to heighten. It took a lot of guts for a woman to survive in business and, contrary to popular belief, a CEO of such a renowned and successful company can't sleep their way into the position. Miss Potts must have been a very smart woman, one who she knew she must not underestimate.It was when she was put through to Mr Stark, however, that Hope was really surprised. The genius engineer was quick to invite her over to Stark Tower- formerly the Avenger's Tower- so that they could go into the R&D labs. Hope pointed out that while she was familiar with a fair number of the aspects of engineering, she operated more on the business sides of things and that it would be better if he talked to her father about the production stage of whatever he was working on. Mr Stark just told her that she would really want to see what he had been working on, and that it wasn't just about technology. Curiosity piqued, Hope left a voice message for her father to let him know where she was going and knowing that she was likely going to be lectured later. She didn't care, though, she was far more interested in what Mr Stark would have to say to her at this point.She was eternally grateful that she had listened, because that was the day that Tony Stark became Tony and the two of them began healing the rifts between their companies caused by their fathers' grudges. That was the day she realised that the man under the mask of 'Tony Fucking Stark' was far more considering, deep and worth-while than almost anyone knew as he showed her his new, efficient, affordable water-purifier. That was the day they began a tentative friendship, that would end up growing and blooming as new trials were put in their way each day until it became a force of nature in its own right.The board members of their respective companies had been understandably scandalised to learn of their new alliance. Hope and Tony made their case and talked about the work they hoped to achieve together with relief efforts in cities like Lagos, that had be
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Hope is Pissed
Don't Mess With Hope
Vision is Indifferent Now
Scott Has Regrets
Hope Will Wreck You
there will be tears
Team Cap is full of shit
Pro-Accords
steve is a dick
Reconciliation
But Not Between The Exvengers
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Team Cap Introspection
Regret
The Author Regrets Nothing
Protective Hope Van Dyne
Past Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne - Freeform
but there's still something there
Hope Is A Businesswoman
Tony Has Real Friends
Vengeful Friends
POV Multiple

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne

