Work Text:




Tony Stark had known it would never really happen. Had known it from the first time Steve Rogers had kissed him and again six months later when the super soldier had actually gone down on one fucking knee, had even known when they'd made love one last time before Steve had vanished back to his old suite with strict instructions to JARVIS to make certain he didn't encounter Tony again before four in the afternoon the next day, and he'd definitely known when he'd stepped out of his morning shower to find his best man waiting for him with a grim look on his face. To his credit Bruce Banner didn't keep Tony in suspense."Steve is on his way to SHIELD HQ," he said. "They found James Barnes. Alive."So, yeah, Tony had known he'd never get to marry Steve Rogers. He'd just never dreamed it would be because Bucky fucking Barnes was back.

*
The others had all gone ahead with Steve while a blissfully ignorant Tony had over-indulged in hot water and an unconvincing mantra that everything was going to work out all right. Stung he'd been such an after-thought they'd left him behind instead of demanding he move his ass. But hey, he figured he might as well get used to the hurt because it didn't take a genius to know it was only going to get worse.He yanked on his clothes then let Bruce hustle him downstairs to the garage. Tony hadn't gotten around to replacing Happy Hogan as his driver, so he let Bruce pick a random car, let him drive because Tony needed all his focus not to break down. For some reason his eyes fell on the dashboard clock. 10 a.m. Six hours until … Nothing. Numbing himself against the onslaught of emotions trying to destroy him, he pulled out his cell and called up a familiar number."Tony?" Pepper Potts answered on the second ring."Hey, Pep," he said and marveled at how steady his voice sounded. "Need you to do something for me."She sighed. "What's happened?"He wondered if she expected him to say something about the caterers mixing up the sauce for the fish entrée or if she had also known all along they were never going to gather in that cathedral? "Need you to issue a press release. Wedding's cancelled."
"What?"
"Something short and vague. Apologies to the guests. Thanks, Pep, you're a peach.""Tony Stark, don't you dare-"He hit the 'end' button and silenced whatever rant she was going to launch into. "Knew it was never gonna happen," he muttered to himself, closing his eyes to block out everything else until they arrived at SHIELD when he'd have to find the strength to face his former fiancé.

*
Tony followed Bruce through the hallways his mind stuck on playing My Boyfriend's Back over and over again until he was ready to scream by the time they reached medical. He was almost relieved when they joined the others in an observation room. Well, the others minus Steve. The love of Tony's life sat in the room on the other side of the mirror. All of Steve's attention was on the unconscious figure in the bed and his hands were clasped around a limp one. Both his hands. 'No hand left for me,' he thought then gave himself a mental shake. He couldn't make this about him. Not even if today was supposed to be his wedding day. Stop it!Mentally cursing himself for being a selfish bastard when Steve was in such obvious pain, he knew he needed a distraction and said, "JARVIS, pull up Barnes' file."He wasn't usually so open about the fact his AI lurked in SHIELD's software, but he wasn't in the mood to play any games today. Besides Fury wasn't in the room to pitch a fit about it although Tony had few doubts they were being observed – there was a reason he never used the rest room here.A screen to the right of the mirror lit up and data began to flash by. Tony took it all in. Winter Soldier. Programmed assassin for the Soviets. Kept in suspended animation most of the time hence the lack of aging – nice for Cap since it meant they could be young/old geezers together. Somehow Barnes had managed to break his conditioning and had turned himself in before collapsing. Oh, and there was the good part – SHIELD had confiscated a horribly damaged metal arm."Stark," Natasha Romanoff hissed, pulling his attention away from the pathetic amount of data available on the artificial limb, "get in there!"Tony gave her a blank look. Why would she say that? She was supposed to be the hotshot evaluator – 'Iron Man, Yes; Tony Stark, No.' – surely she knew the last person Steve would want to see now would be the man he'd cheated on Barnes with. Of course, Steve had thought his precious Bucky was dead, but Tony didn't think for a moment that Cap saw it as an excuse. No doubt he was sitting in there beating himself over somehow not knowing his soulmate was alive all along.The wattage of her glare had gone up and Thor, Bruce and Clint Barton had gotten into the 'look at Tony like he's scum' game. What was wrong with these people? This was Bucky fucking Barnes. Steve's first kiss, his first … well, everything until the 40s and strict-C
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bucky's back

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

