Chapter 1: The Child
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark could barely believe his ears. ‘You’ve gotta be kidding! She’s just a kid! She barely comes up to my waist!’
Steve Rogers scowled and shook his head. ‘Be that as it may, Tony, she’s killed hundreds of people. She can’t be allowed to just walk free.’
Beside him, Bruce Banner shook his head. ‘She’s a child, Steve! She’s not even a teenager yet. Don’t you think you’re being a bit harsh?’
‘Not at all,’ Steve said. ‘This girl kills without warning and without reason. She’s best to be kept in a secure environment.’

By secure environment, you mean in a cell.

‘And she will be,’ Fury said firmly. He nodded his head and two agents grabbed the girl by the arms. She squealed as she was dragged back. Tony looked at the girl. Her brown eyes wide with fear, looking directly at him in a wordless plea. Her wrists were bound to her neck in a set of specialised shackles.
‘I know she’s just a child, Tony.’ Steve’s voice took on that compassionate tone that sounded so fake to him. ‘But she’s too dangerous.’
No, she wasn’t. She was a mutant child with early power manifestation. That was what this was really about. If she hadn’t been a mutant, they wouldn’t have been so harsh. No, there would be attempts to teach her control of her powers. Instead, she would be locked in a cell to be used when S.H.I.E.L.D. decided they needed her. And Steve, idiot Captain America, would just let this happen.
But Tony hadn’t lost.
*****

Westchester, New York

Professor Charles Xavier frowned as he looked at the documents Tony Stark had faxed over. The child in question was perhaps ten or eleven. Stark had pulled out all his resources, as per usual, to give them the information they needed. Lennie Alice, the seer, was looking through some of the documents. She was actually currently looking at a photograph of the child in question.
‘So why was this kid killing?’ Scott Summers asked.
‘Mrs. Richards did go in and speak to her,’ the Professor said. ‘It seems she suffers from the effect of a trigger scent.’
‘A trigger scent?’ Storm asked.
‘It’s a pretty common trick,’ Lennie remarked. ‘A trigger scent means that her brain has been trained to go into killing mode when she smells a particular scent.’ Her expression darkened. ‘Usually by means of torture. All you’d have to do is spray the scent onto whoever you wanted dead. As far as we’ve got, the girl remembers nothing of her actual kills.’
Jean frowned. ‘Wouldn’t you smell an odd scent on yourself?’
‘Not necessarily.’ Lennie shook her head. ‘If it’s outside of the human olfactory spectrum, you could have it on you and you’d never know. The only explanation I can think for her being able to smell it when no one else can is if she’s mutated enhanced senses and her nose is a bit more sensitive.’
‘And they’ve just locked her up,’ Rouge remarked, disgust evident in her tone.
‘Yes,’ the Professor said. ‘Fury seems to know about the trigger scent, and he seems to be looking for it. He’s already had hundreds of scents tested for a reaction.’
‘What for?’ Hank asked.
Scott curled his lip. ‘So he can use it.’
‘And that’s exactly what Stark’s worried about.’ Lennie looked between the photo and the other sheet of paper she had. ‘Mind you, these powers are looking pretty damn familiar.’
Jean picked up another document. ‘Well, it does say she was cloned from another mutant. Maybe you’ve met him?’
‘Possible.’ Lennie flicked out her cell phone.
‘What are you doing?’ Peter Rasputin asked.
‘Getting Stark to fax us a picture of the “donor”.’ Lennie scoffed. ‘I doubt he was a voluntary participant though. If he is who I think he is, I wouldn’t want to be S.H.I.E.LD. when he gets to them.’
‘He won’t kill them?’ Storm checked.
‘Not if he doesn’t feel the need to,’ Lennie said. ‘But he will confine them to a hospital bed for quite a while.’
Scott frowned. ‘What is “the need to”?’
Lennie chuckled. ‘If he’s in the middle of a war, if they’re trying to kill him, if they leave him literally no other option for getting out, or if it’s the only way to stop them.’ She paused. ‘To be honest, I’ve only ever seen him go to that last one a grand total of once.’
‘What happened?’ Kitty asked.
‘Well, there was this one guy,’ Lennie said. ‘Not sure who he was, but he kept attacking Logan – that’s this mutant’s name. Eventually, Logan turns around and beats the crap outta him. Logan has a thing where he’ll move in like he’s about to kill you, just enough for you to shit your pants, and then he’ll pull back and tell you to piss off. He did that, and then the guy came back. He tried again. Logan killed him because he felt that this was the only way he would stop. And it wasn’t just Logan he was attacking either.’
The Professor may not have liked the idea of killing, but he could understand why Lennie’s friend might feel the need to kill in those circumstances. It wasn’t pleasant, true. The important thing, though, was that he’d given this man a warning, and that warning had been ignored.

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony/Pepper
pre-Jean Grey/Logan
Jean Grey/Scott Summers
Reed Richards/Susan Storm (Fantastic Four)

freeform: 
AU
Crossover
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
X-Men vs. Avengers
Steve is a super-human at best

fandom: 
Tony/Pepper
pre-Jean Grey/Logan
Jean Grey/Scott Summers
Reed Richards/Susan Storm (Fantastic Four)

