Work Text:
It certainly wasn’t some kind of fairy tale meeting. It wasn’t anything typical or normal. Nothing like anything he’d heard over the years and certainly nothing he’d personally imagined. Honestly Tony had never expected to meet the one Alpha, his Alpha, at any point in his life. He had, in fact, been doing his best to avoid anyone actually realizing he wasn’t a Beta but it looked like that was going to be thrown out the window in a very spectacular fashion.
Fuck. Barely made it to twenty-four.
Tony shifted, eyes darting to the left and right, as the tell-tale tightening in his gut reaffirmed exactly what this was. His body knew exactly what the Alpha dressed like he’d stepped out of a bondage fantasy was to him. Nothing would have completely destroyed his hard earned control or the suppressants helping to mask the Omega in his scent. Part of him was relieved. He wouldn’t have to hide anymore. There wouldn’t be a reason for it. No excuse. Another part was terrified at the implications that would follow the reveal of what he truly was: an Omega.Howard must be rolling over in his fucking grave.Every single movement drew the attention of the Alpha stalking towards him. Each step his Alpha took was purposeful and predatory. Tony swallowed roughly and shifted on his feet. It shouldn’t be that fucking hot but there was something about the air of danger, violence and strength that was very unexpectedly doing something for him. He’d gone out of his way to avoid Alphas but right now Tony was wondering why. A mask obscured the lower half of the Alpha’s face, dark hair hung loose and powerful shoulders remained squared. The pose reminded him of a soldier. It reminded him of a warrior.Confident.Deadly.Purposeful.Focused.All of that was locked onto him with a single-minded kind of intensity that had him breathless in anticipation.Tony didn’t move. A deep longing inside of him called out, his scent changing with the release of soft Omega pheromones to tempt a mate –his mate– into claiming him, even as a low burning need continued to twist in his gut. The Alpha’s eyes were piercing, an almost steel blue-grey, and Tony knew his were an Omega gold. Fuck fuck fuck.He was wearing one of his best suits, there was a gala going on he’d been trying to escape and the Alpha in front of him was armed to the teeth. Tony was almost positive the sound he’d heard shortly before he’d caught sight of the Alpha had been a muffled gunshot.This had all the makings of a bad porno or maybe a really, really good one because now the Alpha was pressing up against him, a warm line of solid muscle that had him pinned against a cool wall. Tony sucked in a surprised breath and took in the scent of leather, gun oil and something that immediately made him think of the crisp and sharp refreshing air of winter. It made him want to bear his neck and whine in a completely unexpected way. He wanted to snarl at his lack of control but in this moment he wasn’t supposed to care about control.This meeting was supposed to be about a complete lack of control. Two pieces finally meeting and connecting on a level that no one could truly explain.“Mine.” It was the first thing the Alpha had said in English. What Tony had caught, on his way out of the building, had been a low and threatening Russian that had caused him to pause in his escape and a muffled kind of sound he’d told himself wasn’t a silencer.It had been a pause that was long enough that the Alpha had stumbled across him and Tony had caught a whiff of his scent. That had been all it had taken. Something had snapped right into place and everything seemed to tilt on its axis in a completely unnecessary cliché moment he would deny to his dying day.The hand that rested against his neck, fingers lightly grazing his jaw, was cool and metal. Tony’s mind roiled at the knowledge even as a low sound slipped from his lips and he tilted his head, offering his neck to the Alpha. Fingers stroked his skin and Tony could practically feel the satisfaction rolling off the dangerous Alpha in waves. There was a low kind of whir from the mechanics in the arm, a whole metal arm, and that had the engineer in him practically purring. It made the Alpha that much more appealing. An impossible combination that hit so many right notes that Tony was surprised how right the Alpha before him felt instinctively.Tony almost started when the right hand, the flesh hand, curled possessively at his hip and the strength was even more evident. Then it became even more evident when he found himself hauled away from the wall, from the room the Alpha had come from and away from the gala in an effortless kind of way that shouldn’t have been possible even with an Alpha’s strength. The sound of voices and music faded until he found himself in an empty room, the door locked behind them and he was still alone with the Alpha.The heat that had been steadily building and building inside of him, coiling in his gut and at the base of his very spine
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
The Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
True Mates
Bonding
Possessive Bucky Barnes
hinted assassination
Pre-Iron Man 1
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Protective Bucky Barnes
Mates
smut and a hint of plot
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
The Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

