Chapter 1: Because He Has To
    


Notes:
Hi! This story takes place a couple of months after Spider-Man: Homecoming.  It explores a much darker side of Peter's life, including the effects that being Spider-Man has on a person, especially someone that is as young as Peter.  Also, it takes a different look on Tony and Peter's relationship, and how Tony would react in sitatuions like this.  I am by no means an expert on anxiety/PTSD so a lot of what I'm writing about is strictly based on research. While the story mostly focuses on Peter, this story also explores Michelle Jones and her family, in particular a theory I read online that her family was abusive.  I have no first hand knowledge of how child abuse can affect someone so I'm purely going off research that I've done.That being said, I hope you enjoy!




Chapter Text

“The price of greatness

is responsibility.”

~ Winston Churchill ~
Chapter One: Because He Has ToThe warning bell to get to first period went off alarmingly loud, loud enough that Peter Parker jumped up and accidentally hit his shoulder against his yellow, scrapped up, well-loved locker.  The sound of his shoulder hitting the locker let out an obnoxious clunk! but fortunately the sophomore hall of Midtown School of Science and Technology was bustling with students trying to get to their respective classes, so no one turned to look at Peter.  Peter took a deep breathe, opened up his locker and took out his used chemistry and US History textbook that he needed for his first couple of periods.Peter was pretty exhausted from his rounds last night.  After what happened with the Vulture at the beginning of the year (or really he should be saying Adrian Toomes, Liz’s dad), Peter has been trying to take things easy.  He wasn’t really interested in picking fights with big guys like the Vulture or anyone like him, but that doesn’t mean Peter won’t shy away from a fight.  He doesn’t push himself as much as he did at the beginning of the year, especially since he knew he doesn’t need to prove himself to Tony or Happy or the other Avengers, as dismantled and fractured as the Avengers were.  That being said, Peter lived in Queens, New York.  It wasn’t like crime doesn’t get committed in Queens, and there has to be someone there to help the little guy when no one else was looking out for him or her.That was what Spider-Man was for.  Taking care of everyone else.  Peter liked to think of what he does as Spider-Man as doing something for the greater good, his own little way of giving back to the community.  Another part of Peter, one that was more realistic and honest, was that Peter really liked how he felt about himself when he put the suit on.  Spider-Man was inevitably the better version of Peter Parker.  Spider-Man was the guy who fought with Iron Man last year when Captain America was outside the law.  Spider-Man was the guy who fought off an illegal weapon’s dealer and stopped him from robbing the Avengers themselves.  Even though that happened in September and it was December now, the Spider-Man euphoria has yet to die in Peter’s neighborhood.At least Peter can enjoy being Spider-Man.Peter Parker was just this insecure kid who gets good grades, who doesn’t like to sit in class and who doesn’t see any joy in going to school every day.Okay.  That was a pretty awful thing to say.  Peter has a good life and there was no reason for Peter to dislike the life that he has.  Still, he can’t shake this dark feeling he has every time he got up in the morning, put on his clothes, made a cup of coffee and forced himself to stay awake in school.  Peter doesn’t know what was wrong with him.Despite being utterly lost in his thoughts, Peter’s instincts ensure that Flash Thompson, a dark-skinned, dark-haired and absolutely spoiled sophomore, doesn’t plow him over.  “Watch where you’re standing, Penis Parker,” Flash sneered, as he continued to stride toward his first period class.  As much as Peter doesn’t want to hate anyone and as much as Peter knew that he couldn’t ever use his powers against some ordinary guy, there were days in his life where Peter really wanted to punch Flash.  Whether it was when Flash was just making jokes about Peter to his friends or when Flash would go racing down the parking lot and barely stop in front of Peter.  The antagonizing (Peter didn’t like to say that Flash bullied him since Peter knew people had gone through worse) had been going on for years, probably since middle school.  Why Flash enjoyed picking on Peter so much, Peter would never know.  At the very least, Peter didn’t care that much anymore.Peter let out a huge yawn as he closed his locker and started heading to his first class. Midtown was a pretty big school so trying to navigate the halls, especially when everyone is trying to get to their classes, was pretty difficult.  Peter ducked and dodged people running, throwing their hands around carelessly as they talked animatedly with each other about upcoming plans (beside
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Anxiety
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
protective may parker
mostly canon
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Identity Reveal
Family
Parent Tony Stark
Avengers Family
Team as Family
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

