Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Your rogue gallery is ridiculous, Sweet Cheeks.”Peter sighed. The stupid pet-names didn’t bother him anymore. Well – they didn’t piss him off anymore. Instead, they gave him this kind of shaky feeling in his middle and made him maybe blush for some reason, but that’s what masks were for.“Technically Paste Pot Pete is part of the Fantastic Four’s rogue gallery. Sorry you got covered in – paste, by the way.”“Aw, Spidey,” Wade cooed as he pulled off his mask and the top half of his costume, which were covered in paste, “you do care.”But he did wish Wade would quit saying shit like that because it made this whole thing he was feeling even more difficult to deal with. And he wished he would put his top back on because – guh. It wasn’t like he hadn’t seen Wade’s bare arms and chest before. It was just that he for some reason couldn’t tear his eyes away from Wade’s giant, muscle-y, beautiful arms and chest. No. Not “for some reason.” He knew exactly the reason.And then there were Wade’s gorgeous blue eyes that were on him now, and his super cute mouth that drew up in a smirk at him. Wade had caught him ogling his muscles. Shit.“Never gets easier to look at, does it, Webs?”Oh – shit. “What? No! I’m not – that’s not,” he trailed off eloquently. He wanted to say he wasn’t looking at Wade’s poor scarred and broken skin but at his erotically big and strong arms and shoulders and he really wanted to run his tongue all over them (gah, where had that come from?) but that if he had been looking at Wade’s skin it would only have been because he knew it was uncomfortable and he wanted to do something to soothe it (like run his tongue all over it, maybe) and that he actually found it weirdly interesting and –He didn’t say any of that as Wade considered him, head cocked to the side, a bemused, affectionate smile on his face. Peter felt his skin go hot again – yay, mask.“Well,” Wade finally said, pulling his Hannah Montana hoodie out of his go-bag (Peter preferred his Invader Zim hoodie, but telling him that would mean sharing that Peter paid enough attention to Wade’s wardrobe to have preferences), “as the Prom Queen said, I gotta go home and scrub the spooge off my outfit. See you tomorrow, Spidey-pants?”“Let’s meet a little earlier than usual,” Peter said as he followed him to the fire escape of the building they were perched on. “Paste Pot was doing something at that warehouse, and I let the F.F. know to watch it, but I’m afraid it’s gonna turn into a bigger deal.”Wade turned around on the fire escape and made a show of sighing in a long-suffering way. “I suppose, but only because I love you.”Peter really wished he would stop saying that shit. It wasn’t fair.“Ooh, look, we’re very Tony and Maria right now,” Wade observed their position on the fire escape, then took Peter’s hands. “All you need is a flowy nightie.”Wade started singing a song at him quite loudly. Peter pulled his hands out of Wade’s strong, giant ones. “Good night, Wade.”“Good night, Webs! See you tomorrow! Don’t forget your nightie this time!”Peter watched Wade’s shadow dance on the sides of buildings as he bound away, his broad upper body looking even broader.…Ugh.*~*~*It was dark in his room, but not so dark that he couldn’t see Wade’s outline, which tapered up perfectly from slim hips to big shoulders. Peter’s breath hitched as he watched Wade approach his prone body on the bed, slowly and purposefully, smirking in that super cute way he did as he straddled Peter’s naked hips and pinned his wrists above his head.Peter tried to squirm, not to get away (he did not want to get away) but to feel that delicious feeling of Wade’s weight holding him down and in place. He twisted his wrists to feel Wade’s hands wrapped around them, to feel how easily Wade’s hands fit around his entire wrist, to feel the pressure of Wade’s beautiful arms bearing down on him, and instead of helpless he felt safe, but he also wanted desperately to put his mouth on those muscles and whined plaintively when he tried to reach them and couldn’t.Wade just smiled at him in that way that made Peter tremble all over and kneed Peter’s legs apart, taking his wrists in one hand so he could line himself up (because turned out he could hold both of Peter’s wrists in one hand). Peter heard himself moan as Wade carefully rocked against him, pushing into him, his cock (which Peter had seen enough of to know would be a challenge) stretching and filling him, and it was too big, and it burned and he was afraid and he tried to writhe but Wade held him fast as he mercilessly pounded into him, jolting Peter’s entire frame and he’d never felt so small as he did under Wade’s beautiful body …And then Wade was underneath him, giant, gorgeous arms stretched over his head, Peter straddling his naked hips, and he could feel the texture of Wade’s skin under his thighs and he ran his hands over the skin of his broad chest, feeling the intricate, rough pattern. And now it was Wade who w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Size Kink
Size Difference
Pining
Awkward Crush
Pre-Relationship
Love Confessions
Developing Relationship
Crying
First Time
First Kiss
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

