Chapter 1: Beginning of Hell
    




Chapter Text

Awareness returned slowly to Tony Stark.
 
The first feeling that came back to Tony was pain. Throbbing, constant pain in many different places. The second thing that flowed back was his memories. Yes, he remembered why he was in pain.. Rogers and Barnes had kept his parents’ reason for death a secret, they had fought, broken his suit, and left him to die in Siberia.
 
The next thing he felt was his emotions, flooding back through the dam that had shattered after watching that bastard kill his mother. He felt anger, he felt rage.. He felt fear, and sadness.. 

How could they?! They left me! How could they leave me here to freeze to death?! 

He angrily thought, as feeling came back to him. That’s when he realized some

He had been left in Siberia.. In a snow covered HYDRA base..thing..




Then.. Why wasn’t he cold?
 
Tony’s eyes snapped open, only to hiss at the bright light that invaded his vision. He tried to bring his hands up to cover the brown orbs, but his hand was jerked back down. He froze, trying to lift his other hand, same reaction. His hands were tied down? Why?
 
Tony opened his eyes again, beginning to struggle with a vengeance. But his legs were bound too, on the ankles and knees. There was a something around his neck, it seemed to tighten as he tried to break free. Why!? Why was he bound!?
 
Suddenly, a painful shock ran through his body, causing a hoarse cry to escape him as his body jerked slightly before going limp. He panted, it felt as if all of his strength had suddenly faded away. 
 
Then, there was shuffling, and noises. Tony tensed up instantly, eyes flickering around in an attempt see who it was.. There were voices around him.. But he couldn't hear what they were saying.. Was he at the hospital?
 
But then, the light was moved away from his eyes, and the spots in his vision faded. Blinking a couple times, his brown eyes turned towards a figure that was near him. As he finally got a full view of them.. He realized what was going on.
 
They were wearing HYDRA symbols.
 
Suddenly the fear was returning in full force. Tony jerked his head back, and struggled again.”You bastards!” He exclaimed,”Let me go!” 
 
Another jolting, painful shock jerked through his body, causing Tony to stop fighting once more. “It’s awake,”A deep voice with a german accent grumbled,”Finally, we’ve been waiting long enough.”
 
Tony frowned, chocolate eyes examining the men around him. They had the HYDRA uniforms, and black gloves on them. One, however, was wearing a white lab coat with the symbol on the back. He had a surgical mask on, and thin black hair that covered some of his forehead. He must have been the one that spoke.
 
“Who-” Tony began, only to let out a strangled croak as another shock ran through his body, his body thrashing slightly again. 
 
“You’re awake. Good,” The man in the lab coat began,”Captain America and the Winter Soldier did a number on you before they brought you in, I was beginning to believe that you wouldn't make it. It would be a shame to lose our newest Asset.”
 
Tony frowned. “Asset?” He questioned. “What are you- 

AGH!”

 
The doctor held up a small controller with a red button, thumb poised over it. “Assets are possessions, possessions don't speak. You will listen and obey,” He declared. 
 
“Fuck you!” Tony snapped, this time he was expecting the shock, but it didn't make it less painful. 
 
The soldiers chuckled, and one said,”I’m surprised that the Asset still has fight in him after Siberia. Don't worry, Dr. Muller, that fight will leave him soon.”
 
The doctor slowly lowered the controller. “Yes, I suppose you’re right,” He said,”Although I'm beginning to see why the Captain and the Winter Soldier were eager to hand him over. Such a weak individual.”

Tony’s mind finally registered those words, confusion filling him, and a frown marring his lips. “What?” He asked aloud,”They would never-”
 
The doctor whipped out the controller again, pressing it once more. Tony cried out again, as the doctor nodded. “Yes, they did. After all, who would want to be near a worthless 

thing

 like you?” He sneered,”But don't worry, HYDRA will turn you into something better. You’ll be our new weapon, you will be our Asset.”
 
Tony’s blood ran cold, his fists clenching so hard that they turned paler than they already were. 

No.. No they can't be serious! 

He thought in horror. 
 
Dr. Muller smirked, walking over to a side table. Tony turned his head the best he could to watch, and saw several different tools on it. All of the were sharp, and deadly looking. There was also a closed, silver briefcase. Tony’s heart began to stutter in terror.

The doctor ran his pale hands over the tools, waving his fingers in a morbidly excited way. “Of course, we will be using different methods than we did with the Winter Solider,” He said with a chuckle,”Don’t wanna make the same mistakes twice.” 
 
Tony didn’t find it very funny, especially when Muller pi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Vision
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Hulk & Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Tony Stark-centric
Hurt Tony Stark
Brainwashing
Recovery
Mind Control
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Torture
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Kidnapping
Human Experimentation
Murder
Psychological Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Winter Soldier Tony Stark
Protective Hulk
Team as Family
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
Minor Character Death
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Insecure Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
Muteness
Gunshot Wounds
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Clint Barton & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Vision
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Hulk & Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

