Work Text:
Peter woke up early this particular morning- Earlier than his alarm, as the sun was just starting to peek over the edges of the buildings out his window. It was an exceptionally peaceful morning, and he intended to savour every moment of it. It wasn’t often he got to wake up in such a good, well-rested mood, so he decided to funnel that energy into cooking breakfast for himself and Aunt May. Peter loved his Aunt, but she was not the greatest cook- And Peter seemed to have a natural aptitude for at least a variety of eggs, so when he felt up to it, he liked to surprise her. 
	He slipped into the bathroom, clutching his “Very Important Masculinity Bag™” close to himself as he locked the door behind him. Carefully taking off his baggy sleeping t-shirt, he shied away from his reflection to avoid seeing the swell of his chest, and began to unzip the duffle bag. He quickly dug through and produced a well-worn but still usable chest binder. Peter slid it on in a flash, finally taking a breath and looking over himself in the mirror. Tossing on one of his favourite, soft-cotton tees (of course, it was an Iron Man shirt, but he couldn’t help himself sometimes), he pulled out his packer- That was an embarrassing package to explain to Aunt May, but he eventually talked her through it, and she went back to being as supportive as always. Adjusting himself in the mirror and throwing on pants, he gave a slight smile as he looked over the boy he saw looking back at him. 
	Transitioning had been pretty hard, mostly because he and May didn’t really know how to describe what he was feeling. Once he’d been able to get the words out, however, May had done enough research to perform an entire speech on Female-To-Male transitioning, and had bought Peter his binder the next day. He’d been thankful that Ned at least didn’t mind the change, but Peter figured he’d be just fine with whatever Peter chose to do as long as the two could still nerd out about Star Wars together. 
	Padding over into the kitchen, he checked the time- Just barely past 7. He cooked and cleaned and got his bag together for the school day ahead, making sure to pack his suit in the secret pocket just in case, and ate his breakfast looking out the window at the world. May was quiet as she entered the kitchen, obviously not expecting to see her nephew already up and ready for the day. She walked by him and ruffled his hair before sitting opposite him at the table, eating the breakfast together in a contented silence. 
	“I gotta go a little early today, me and Ned got this-” Peter began, before May rolled her eyes with a grin. 
	“A project? Yeah, I figured as much. Go on, you star student, have a great day.” She smiled, and Peter returned the grin as he slung his backpack over his shoulder before dashing out the door. 
 
——————————————— 
 
	“Peter! Great, I was just telling MJ about how you-” Ned called out, waving Peter to their corner of the cafeteria. The whole place was empty, but at least in the caf they could talk as loud as they wanted without being shushed- Peter still shivered at the memory of all three librarians converging on them in the back corner like a pack of zombies. MJ just rolled her eyes with a half-smile as Ned kept chattering about all of Peter’s spidery accomplishments. 
	In the end, Peter didn’t even have to tell MJ. She’d all but figured it out on her own, and he trusted her enough to let her in on all the details. It was good to have friends that he could talk to about his double-life, though he thought it was interesting that he’d had no problems with telling her about his nighttime alter-ego but still couldn’t tell her he was trans. Peter blamed the massive crush he’d grown on her. 
	“So, Spidey, any good stories from last night?” Ned asked, and Peter shook his head. 	“Sorry, dude- Patrol was pretty standard last night, nothing really fun. Though I did meet a cool dog! Big pitbull, sweet thing, but Aunt May would never let me keep her.” Peter laughed, and MJ knocked into his shoulder playfully. 
	“Stash the pup at my place, come visit whenever. I’ve always wanted a big scary looking dog.” MJ teased, and Peter rubbed the back of his neck with a chuckle and a blush. He hadn’t felt this content in a long time, he thought as he looked at his two good friends. The three spent the time before class chatting away and cleaning up assignment questions before the bell rang and they were forced their separate ways. Despite that, however, Peter made his way to class with an easy smile on his face. 
 
——————————————
 
	“Yo, Penis Parker!” A familiar voice called out into the now-packed cafeteria. Lunch hour had barely started and Peter had really hoped he could go just a single day without having to deal with Flash. 
	He’d known Flash most his life, which meant Flash had also known him pre-Peter. And not everybody in Peter’s life had been as accepting of the change as Ned had been; so Peter had learned to deal with Flash’s taunting on the dai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Trans Peter Parker
dad tony
Asshole Flash
MJ is the most chill
Ned is a puppy as per usual
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Father-son dynamic
Pepper wants to be a mom friend
Tony cares more than he lets on
Fluff
slight angst
everything is good and pure though
because Peter and Tony deserve to be happy
binder safety

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

