Chapter 1: Patron Saint of Street Corners
    




Chapter Text
Peter stood on a street corner somewhere in the lower Bronx. The street lamp behind him illuminated his back, gave a wobbly halo to his brown, greasy spikes of hair. His arms were wrapped around his torso, not so much because he was cold than because he needed a concrete action to help keep his life from finally shattering around him. It might have looked at least a little bit like he was trying to keep warm in the stinging chill of the night, because at this time of year, while the days were balmy, the nights had an edge, but to tell the truth, Peter could barely even feel the wind, though it nipped at his nose and whipped his baggy hoodie around his lithe frame.
He was too much in his head to think of anything as unimportant as the wind. It was cool, yes, Peter would have realized if he’d thought to be conscious of it, but it wasn’t important in the face of his current conundrum.
It was late, too, but when Peter looked out at the darkened street, he did not see the shambling cars that passed, headlights illuminating empty storefronts, brick and mortar, flashes of light reflecting on glass. He did not see the all-night diner waitress making her way home after a long shift, tired, pulling her too-large, threadbare jacket tighter around her against the cold, her feet moving swiftly, the plastic soles of her grease-stained work shoes slapping against the concrete. Peter did not see the huddled masses of clothing and hair that would have passed for garbage except they shivered in the cold, and the girls and boys, in clothes to thin, too small for the weather who strutted and posed and who got into cars with strangers and came out with more money than they had before.
Peter’s eyes saw these people, but he didn’t notice them or even realize they passed. He was aware of nothing outside of him, not the cold or the cars, the dark or the people. All he could think of, all he could process, was that for the first time in his life he had nothing. Or maybe more accurately, he had no one.
He’d known for a while. For months. He’d known ever since the ambulance had taken Aunt May away from him, screaming into the night, that he was going to be alone, but it had only hit him just then that he had truly nothing and no one. The Hospital bills and years of debt had taken all the money that Peter would have inherited, not that there would have been much anyway, and then had taken the house, and Peter might have been able to salvage more than he had (a photo album, his garish suit of red and blue, his beaten but trusty camera, the clothes he was wearing) if he’d had somewhere to put them. Or somewhere to put himself.
The bank took the house and everything else went to the auction block except what Peter could stuff into his backpack. His wallet held an ID, a library card, and two dollars in change. And cancer took Aunt May.
So Peter stood on a street corner, ignorant of the cold and the dark, and came to the startling revelation that he had nothing, and could go nowhere, and maybe if he hadn’t gotten Gwen Stacy killed, or caused Harry Osborn’s mind to break, or encouraged (in an act of selflessness that always ended up blowing up in his face) Mary Jane to go west to follow her dream of being on the silver screen, he’d have a place to sleep for the night. And maybe if he had been a few years younger, he’d be young enough to be a ward of the state. But he was 20 years old, and he’d skipped too much of the previous year of college visiting Aunt May in the hospital and bussing tables to keep his scholarship with which he couldn’t afford his books let alone his classes, and he’d skipped out too much on his busboy job to visit Aunt May when she’d gotten worse, and now he was unemployed and hadn’t been able to sign up for classes when they’d opened, and he was homeless. And all he could think, besides the spiraling depression of having no one and nothing, and besides his internal hysterics of the irony behind his dual role now of being a superhero and being homeless (not that he’d been out stopping bad guys much lately), was that at least he had New York.
Which was dumb. New York was nothing, had nothing to give to a too-skinny boy with nothing but the clothes on his back, an aging photo album, and a beat-up camera. And a suit which Peter didn’t even know he deserved to put on anymore. New York didn’t care about him any more than it cared about the shuffling piles of people curled on door stoops and below fire escapes that Peter tended to join when the apartment building roofs and central park tree branches were too far for his tired limbs to carry him to.
A spark caught his eye, a glitter of refracted light that kaleidoscoped through the shadowy night just long enough to register as not-normal-night-lights before it disappeared. Peter’s head jerked up, and his thoughts, thoughts of nothingness and a lack of future and a lack of love skittered away like pebbles from beneat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

freeform: 
Getting Together
Getting to Know Each Other
Mistaken Identity
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Sex Worker
Prostitution
Self aware Pretty Woman AU
Pretty Woman References
Misunderstandings
Lies
Humor
shopping montage
Hotel Life
Galas
gate-crashing
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Fake Marriage
Not copy to another site
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool

