Chapter 1: Cookies
    




Chapter Text
Wade loved Peter's apartment. It was a far cry from his shitty one bedroom on the other side of town. Apparently working at Stark Industries in the science-y tech-y lab thing doing  whatever it was geniuses did meant that Peter could afford this adorable little townhome, with it's little planter boxes full of flowers and one and a half baths and big master bedroom and good sized kitchen with one of those ridiculous island things that only rich people seemed to have and a great big oven and---  Hello what's this?  An adorable boyfriends butt bent over that great big oven whilst baking cookies? Completely derailed from his initial plan of taking a shower, Wade decided to lean against the kitchen door frame and just...watch...for a few minutes. “I can  feel  your eyes on my ass, you giant pervo.” Peter said without turning away from his mixing bowl, and Wade smiled without even bothering to look up from the aforementioned  ass  . “And don't even think about propositioning me for kitchen sex because  I --” Peter stood on his toes to reach the baking soda on the top shelf of the cupboard. “I am still sore from this morning.” “You say  propositioning like there’s money changing hands.” Wade protested. “You know I'd never treat you like that.” “Wade.” Peter still hadn't turned around, concentrating on his recipe. “Last night you handed me a twenty, slapped my ass, and told me to go get myself something pretty.” Wade ran a hand over his bare scalp and grinned. “And  did you go get something pretty?” Peter wiped a hand on his apron, hooked a thumb in the waistband of his sweats and shoved them down just enough to give Wade a quick flash of something  lace . “ Ooph  !” Peter huffed a laugh when Wade was suddenly pinning him to the counter, rough hands pulling at his pants impatiently. “Get off! I'm  cooking !” “Let me see!” Wade whined and Peter shook his head firmly, holding his pants up so Wade couldn't move them. “Petey pie, how you gonna flash that at me and then not let me see the rest?” “It's called a  tease . And if you had patience like any grown man, you would know that good things come to those who wait.” “That's true.” Wade admitted, as he slid his hands up and under Peter's t shirt to pinch and play with his nipples, smiling when he felt his boyfriend’s breath catch. “That's so true, Pete. I  should probably learn some patience.” “You-you should.” Peter said cautiously-- or maybe not so much cautiously as sort of breathlessly because Wade was rocking against him in a very tale-tell not  subtle way at all. “But you should also back off, because I have cookies coming out of the oven in about six minutes and if they are burned I'm gonna kick your ass.” “Who are the cookies for?” Wade asked innocently, and let his teeth scrape behind Peter's ear, then moved down his neck with licks and sharp little bites. “Aunt-Aunt May.” Peter stammered and Wade hummed in approval. “Sweetest old lady I ever did see. You should be making her cookies. God knows she puts up with enough from you.” “From me?” Peter protested, and went to shove Wade away, but that meant he had to let go of his pants and Wade had them down to his thighs in the blink of an eye. “God dammit.” he sighed, but he wasn't actually all that upset because Wade made a sound that was a cross between a moan and a growl and damn did Peter love when he sounded like that. “Red and black.” Wade muttered, leaving one hand under Peter's shirt on his chest, and letting the other drop to touch the ridiculous lace Peter had put on this morning. “I completely approve of your choice. If I didn't know better I'd think you wore these for  me .” “I like to bake cookies in them!” Peter retorted, but there was no irritation in his voice, not when he heard the zip of Wade’s fly and could feel Wade lying heavy and  hot  against him. “Wade, I have cookies  in the oven .” he warned again. “Is that you saying no?” Wade asked, because even after six months he always asked and Peter wasn't sure if that was because consent was so important to Wade, or if it was because the mercenary still couldn't believe that Peter wanted him. Either way-- “It's me reminding you that if the cookies burn because of you, I will kick your ass!” Peter corrected, and then softer- “but you know it's a yes.” “Baby boy.” Wade crooned and Peter bit his lip and wiggled a little because he loved loved when Wade called him baby boy. It had been a joke back when they were just Deadpool and Spiderman but now that they were dating... “Baby boy.” Wade said again. “I promise you won't burn your cookies. And I know you’re sore so let’s do---” some fumbling, and Peter yelped when oil dripped down his lower back and soaked through the thin material. “Let’s do this. Oh  fuck  yeah.” Wade thrust sharply, his cock sliding through the mess of oil and against the lace. “Oh fuck,  oh that's good.” “ Wade .” Peter bit out, and arched his back, shoving his ass back against him. “If you g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

freeform: 
Tumblr Prompts
Spideypool - Freeform
NSFW
Explicit Sexual Content
Domestic spideypool
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Fluff and Smut
Some angst
Every Chapter is Different

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Deadpool/Spiderman

