Work Text:
The phone wakes Tony up, and by the second ring he's squinting at the caller ID. Nick Fury. Great. Nick Fury at 8 a.m. on a Saturday. What did Tony ever do to deserve this? On the plus side, this isn't an Ultimates priority ringtone, so at least the world's not ending today. He wonders if Fury's forgotten that the Ultimates don't belong to SHIELD anymore.
Tony smashes the speakerphone button and lets his eyes fall shut. He does not get paid enough for this. (He does not get paid anything for this.)
"I don't work for you," he says, before Fury can even get a word out. "You couldn't afford me, darling."
"I'm aware of that, Stark." Fury sounds, as usual, unimpressed. "But some of your team, out of the goodness of their hearts--" the little pause, of course, implies that Tony would never be one of these people-- "have decided to keep moonlighting for SHIELD."
Tony flails out a hand. He can nearly reach the whiskey on the bedside table. He'll have to get up, he supposes.
"That's nice," Tony tells him. "But I don't think their employment decisions affect me."
Fury sighs. "Suit yourself," he says. There's another pause, carefully timed; he wants to make Tony wait for it. "But Captain America's in the medical wing, and he's been asking for you."
Shit. Shit shit shit shit.
Tony sits bolt-upright, grabs the whiskey, and slugs it straight from the bottle in hopes that the alcohol will hit him fast enough to counter the incipient terror. It doesn't, really. He coughs and splutters.
"Is he all right?" Tony demands. "What's wrong with him? What happened?"
It's not like he and Steve have never had their occasional differences, but Jesus, if he's bad enough that they're keeping him in SHIELD medical, it must be bad. And Tony sure as hell doesn't want him dead.
"I'll tell you when you get here," Fury says, and there's a note of satisfaction in his voice. He's gotten Tony where he wants him.
The line clicks.
"Fuck you, Nick," Tony tells the empty room. Something happened to Steve, and it's SHIELD's fault for assigning him to whatever mission hurt him, and therefore it's Fury's fault.
He would stay away to spite Fury, but -- Steve is asking for him.
He can't remember Steve ever asking for him before.
Tony swears under his breath, has another drink, and goes to get dressed.
Tony's standing in the observation area adjacent to one of the isolation rooms at SHIELD medical, Fury at his side. Through the huge glass windows, slanted down, he can see Steve about ten feet below him, sitting on the narrow bed, his legs swinging. He's wearing one of those cloth hospital gowns, barely covering his broad shoulders. He hasn't looked up. Tony doesn't know if he can see through the mirrored glass -- maybe super-soldiers can -- but the way he's glancing around doesn't instill a lot of confidence in Tony.
Steve looks nervous. Maybe even upset. It's deeply wrong to see him like this, Tony thinks. He shouldn't ever be afraid.
Afraid isn't quite right. It's something else, too.
"So," Fury says. "There was an accident in one of the biological labs. Some of our scientists were working on a... veridical compound. There was a fire that trapped them in the lab, and Cap was inadvertently exposed to a massive dose of the compound while rescuing our personnel."
Fury shifts his weight, uncomfortably, and he gives Tony a look like he sincerely hopes Tony doesn't know enough Latin to unravel the word veridical, which he probably made up just to try to confuse him.
Too bad for Fury. Tony's a genius.
"A truth serum?"
Watching Nick Fury look guilty is maybe the weirdest thing Tony has ever seen. Fury coughs and glances away. "Yes."
Holy shit.
Now that he knows what he's looking for, Tony looks down at Steve in the chamber below.
He's always thought Steve was a straightforward kind of guy. The ultimate, pardon the pun, in what-you-see-is-what-you-get. A man's man. Strong, brave, confident. No doubt, no wavering. He's a good leader -- and he won't hesitate to tell you if you've done well, but he also won't hesitate to tell you if you haven't. Hard to take, sometimes, but no one ever said Steve was easy.
And the one thing he isn't is afraid.
God, Steve just looks sad. That's what it is. He's sad.
If this is what Steve is really like, well. That's sad.
The intercom crackles, and Tony realizes they have the audio piped in and are monitoring. They can hear everything Steve's saying.
"It's lonely down here." Steve's voice is low, but with more inflection than he usually allows himself. Mournful, almost. "I want a hug."
If this were any other situation, Tony would make fun of the guy forever, but something within him just can't. Steve and Jan broke up -- what, was it months ago? Has anyone even touched him since then? Apparently not.
He'd thought, maybe, once, that Steve -- the true Steve -- would be mean. Cruel. An asshole. That's certainly what people like to call him. He used to hear people joking, whispering in the Triskelion corridors, about what the A 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Truth Serum
Confessions
Community: cap_ironman
Ults Day

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

