Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


 It's raining in Maine.Everything is dripping: the trees, the porch railings, the roofs, the resilient dogs trotting in front of their owners on the main street. It’s a small town, not even on the seaside, and most of the residents are old, harmless. The man (maybe) named Barnes assesses them from inside the only café in town. He’s dripping, too, and so is his backpack, but the café owner waved him in anyway when he was hesitating at the door, soaked to the bone.There’s a large, coarse towel on his shoulders and his shoes are drying next to the radiator, and Barnes is sipping what seems to be the best coffee he has ever drunk.“What rotten weather,” the café owner says as he puts a huge sandwich in front of Barnes. “But that’s New England for you. Where you from, son?”Barnes inspects the sandwich. Tomatoes, basil, white cheese he thinks might be mozzarella; hand-cut and precisely arranged between two halves of a bread roll. He might have eaten something like this three weeks ago in Switzerland; he’s not sure. Two months ago he would’ve been too paranoid to eat anything that didn’t come out of an unsealed can. Now he’s too tired and hungry to care.“New York,” he says after a beat. His voice is scratchy, unused, and he realizes how long it’s taken him to answer. “Sorry.”“City boy, huh,” the owner says, his expression inscrutable. Barnes fears that the man looks at him and sees something messy and ugly inside that’s barely contained, clawing to be let out, instead of a man who’s already conquered something.Barnes nods silently, poking at the mozzarella slice that’s trying to slide out of the sandwich with his fingertip. The keeper pats the table with his palm, and Barnes feels grateful that the man didn’t try to touch him, lay that well-meaning hand on the hard metal of Barnes’s shoulder. “Eat your sandwich, son. You look like you need it.”Barnes eats. It’s delicious, and his socks are starting to dry, his legs curled under him. The rain is a steady hum against the tin roof of the porch, and for the first time since his escape, he feels momentarily safe. It’s early September, and the man called Barnes has been on the run for four months.When he’s finished eating and is sitting there, still cradling the empty cup of coffee, the café keeper comes over again, holding the coffee pot. “More coffee, son?”Barnes nods, pushes the mug closer to the edge of the table. “Please,” he says, roughly.“I’m Matthew Burr,” the keeper says conversationally as he pours. Barnes looks up from the hot, aromatic coffee, and assesses him again: an old man, in good shape which likely makes him appear younger.“Jamie,” Barnes says, because that’s clearly what Matthew is waiting for. “Jamie Nolan.”There was a Nolan living in their building when Barnes was young: all Barnes remembers is a fair-haired man who used to sing  Molly Malone  softly under the window when he came home late at night. Absurdly enough,  Molly Malone  was one of the first things that came back to Barnes: a broken, faltering melody he found himself humming into the darkness under a highway overpass. He was shivering, dressed only in a pair of dirty, damp combat trousers and an undershirt after peeling off the drying body armor. His right shoulder was aching from resetting it; his head felt like pushing a hand into a nettle bush to try to find something he lost in it.He was cold, and he was alone and scared, and that’s when the melody came to him, settled down on his tongue, and asked for company.He sang, then, sitting under the bridge with his head on his knees, his voice rusty and halting, more mumbling than actual singing.  But her ghost wheels her barrow, through streets broad and narrow, crying cockles and mussels, alive, alive-O. When the man he bought the fake I.D. from asked for a name, he’d said Nolan. Jamie was just an afterthought, something that was far enough from the man he might’ve once been, but close enough to keep the suggestion of it.“Jamie,” Matthew says, smiling, and Barnes snaps back to Maine, back into the café. The coffee mug is scalding against his bare palm. “Heard somebody helped Franklin Todd paint his fence a couple of days ago. That you?”Barnes nods, mutely. He’s been around for three days, now: sleeping in the small patch of forest just outside town, huddled under a tree with his foam camping mat and sleeping bag. It’s not the first time he’s been to the café either, but the previous morning he’d just come in for a short while to buy a hot coffee and warm himself up a bit before skulking off to deal with the sound of nails scraping against a chalkboard in his head. It had been a bad day, not like the day before when he’d hesitantly stopped to ask if the man painting his fence, swearing profusely, needed help.Turned out that Franklin Todd had a bad back, a good-for-nothing son, and was very desperate. It had also turned out that Barnes was ext
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Falconry
Character Study
Bucky Barnes Feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
POV Bucky Barnes
Goshawks
POV Sam Wilson
POV Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Art
Drawing
Illustrated
Bearded Steve Rogers
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

