Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Leaving so soon?”Tony froze and stared at the door, which was mere inches away from his outstretched hand. So close, but with the heat of Clint’s caustic stare burning into his spine, so far. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, forcing himself to let it out slowly. It only took a second, but it gave him the courage he needed to turn his head and meet Clint’s eyes without running away. “I have to get back to New York,” he said quietly. “I have a lot of work to do.”“Right,” Clint said, bobbing his head. “Can’t let your precious company make decisions without you, can you? They might decide to do something that shows what kind of man you really are.” His smile was mirthless and cruel, implying a wide range of things that made Tony’s stomach heave.No matter what they said, he was not that kind of man. It was a mantra that Tony was having to repeat more and more lately. The team’s collective opinion of him had definitely soured following Ultron. They could barely stand to look at him now, much less have a pleasant conversation. And it was never more apparent that Tony had made the right choice to step down as an Avenger than it was after he visited the compound.Hell, even Rhodey barely talked to him now. And that hurt a lot more than Tony had let on, but he’d never been the sort of person to force friendships on anyone. If the team were nasty assholes to him, and if Rhodey decided he’d rather be an Avenger instead of being Tony’s friend or both, that was okay. Well, not okay. But that was a wound Tony would lick in private. God knew he’d been forced to do that a lot lately. “Like I said,” Tony said, keeping his voice as bland as possible. “I have a lot of work to do.” At one time, he would’ve pointed out that Stark Industries didn’t run itself. With Pepper taking a small step back following their break-up, and the Avengers under more suspicion from the world at large than ever, there was more and more work being piled onto Tony by the day. He hadn’t bothered to tell any of his old teammates about that, though. He was fairly certain it would only end up with mocking comments about the poor little rich boy having to put in an honest day’s work.“So much work that you’re keeping Vision away?”Tony paused at that, even though he really should’ve just left. “I’m not keeping Vision away. Vision is free to do whatever he wants.”“And he’s choosing to spend time with you,” Clint said skeptically. “Come off it, Stark. What are you holding over his head?”“Absolutely nothing. If Vision wants to visit, he will.”“I find that hard to believe. Vision spent weeks here, then he takes one trip to go see you and suddenly he wants nothing to do with us?” Clint took a step closer and Tony realize he was holding his bow. It was already strung with an explosive arrow. He swung a disbelieving look up towards Clint’s face, which gave nothing away of course – SHIELD agents were trained in that. “Are you trying to threaten me?” Tony said incredulously. He flexed his right hand, reminding himself that he was wearing his repulsor-watch and that none of the team knew his watch was anything other than a normal watch. He had been thinking about making similar watches for the whole team before all of this started, since they were small and pretty innocuous – they would’ve been an excellent accessory for Natasha to wear on ops, for example.Now, Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to make any of them anything unless it was absolutely necessaey. He still personally looked after their weapons and armor (particularly Natasha’s widow bites, Clint’s arrows, Sam’s wings and Rhodey’s armor), but that was the extent of his current generosity. They’d probably noticed that the frequency of his gifts had waned, but none of them would have realized why.“Not trying,” Clint said. “Send Vision back. Wanda misses him. Let him do your deliveries. No one wants to see you around here anyway.”The truth of that statement stung a lot more than Tony let on, and it was on the tip of his tongue to say something about Laura or the children. Laura’s last phone call had ended with her quietly crying on the other end while Tony had to sit there and listen, knowing that there was nothing he could do to bring her husband home where he belonged. But, even though that would (maybe) hit Clint where it hurt, any comments he made would only inflame the already tense situation between Laura and Clint and Laura didn’t deserve that.“I’ll ask,” Tony said instead. “I won’t force Vision to do anything he doesn’t want to do.” He ignored Clint’s snort in favor of finally pushing the door open and stepping out of the compound. A profound sense of relief rolled through him as soon as he was outside. He walked quickly over to his vehicle and climbed inside.In spite of himself, he couldn’t help remembering the first time he’d left the compound. The days where Steve Rogers personally escorted Tony to his vehicle, and then lingered there making confessions about how much T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Ignores Civil War
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
talk of brainwashing
Talk of Mind Control
Mentions of brainwashing
tony doesn't know it but the team is brainwashed
wanda hates tony
Wanda Is A Bitch
tony stark is a good person damnit
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
the team is cruel in this
asshole clint barton
threatening clint barton
Insecure Tony
Insecure Tony Stark
they give him good reason to be insecure
and it's all thanks to wanda
But no one knows that yet
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
protect tony stark
Protective Tony Stark
vision does not want to be around wanda
and for good reason
wanda is not actually in this fic
Angst
Angst and Feels
Angst with a sort of happy ending
this fic will end where cognitive recalibration picks up
No character bashing
Communication
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
winter soldier goes to the tower
winter soldier seeks home in tony stark
tony stark offers a home to the winter soldier
they need each other a lot in this fic
Short tony
smol tony
Fierce Tony
Oblivious Vision
Tony misses jarvis
we all miss JARVIS
tony stark has self esteem issues
with friends like these who needs enemies
Protective Laura Barton
the barton family loves tony
Phil Coulson lives
imagine that someone in the MCU has good communication
bucky tells tony about his parents
seriously they need each other so much
Platonic friendships
Platonic Hugging
platonic sleeping together
Nightmares
PTSD
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
bucky doesn't want to see steve
support and feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

