Work Text:
Dealing with T’Challa after the whole mess with the Accords was easier than Tony would have thought.Sure, T’Challa, and T’Chaka before him, had been for the Accords in the first place, but T’Challa was also housing the rogue Avengers and Tony wasn’t sure what to expect from him.But T’Challa was nothing if not polite, and Tony tried to be the same in return. After all, T’Challa was a big force behind the Accords and Tony could need him in his corner if Ross suddenly decided that Tony belonged into the raft as well.Tony was rubbing at the skin around the arc reactor, the cold always made it hurt, when T’Challa entered the conference room.“Mr. Stark,” he greeted Tony and Tony almost flinched.“Let’s stick to Tony, Mr. Stark was my father, King T’Challa,” he said and T’Challa thoughtfully tilted his head.“Only if you can forget the king,” he gave back and Tony huffed.“Nothing easier than that, Mufasa.” Tony wasn’t sure if the Lion King was a thing over in Wakanda, but going by the tilt to T’Challa’s mouth it definitely was.“I think I am more Simba than Mufasa, wouldn’t you agree,” T’Challa said and proved Tony right.“If you say so, Simba,” Tony replied with a smile and then stilled when T’Challa’s gaze fell onto his chest.“Is it still hurting from the injury?” he asked and Tony forced himself to lower his hand.He never liked it when the attention was on the arc reactor.“Maybe. It just hurts sometimes,” he gave back, not willing to tell T’Challa that it was the injury and the cold and the reactor in general. He didn’t need to know that.T’Challa obviously noticed Tony’s hesitation in talking about the reactor and thankfully dropped the matter.They were talking about Rhodey and his recovery when the other members of the Accords came in and from then on it was only business with them.~*~*~Tony had the distinct feeling that Rhodey was teasing him and he wasn’t even sure what about.“Rhodey, what?” he sighed when Rhodey gave him another eyebrow waggle.“You and the king spent time in the workshop,” Rhodey told him with a very big grin and Tony frowned.“And?”“And the young king is very good looking. And he knows about his tech,” Rhodey said as if he was pointing out something obvious but Tony wasn’t getting it.“Aaaaaand?” Tony asked again because he was tired and just wanted to enjoy the movie they were watching.“And I believe he has been flirting with you,” Rhodey finally said when it became clear that Tony wouldn’t pick up on his meaning.Tony sat up from where he was lying on the couch. “Excuse me?”“He smiled at you. He indulged your tech talk. He brought you coffee,” Rhodey listed off and Tony shook his head.“He is also very young like you said and a king. There’s nothing going on.”“Not yet. But I believe there will be soon.”“There won’t,” Tony grumbled but now that Rhodey mentioned it he couldn’t help but think about T’Challa’s latest visit.It had very little to do with the Accords anymore; the new version was almost through and there wasn’t much to discuss anymore. T’Challa’s request for a visit had come at a surprise to Tony, but he had gladly agreed because T’Challa was good company and easy to be around, even though he was a king.Tony cursed when he found that Rhodey might have been right with his assessment. Tony hadn’t thought about T’Challa like that but he knew that now it would be unavoidable.“I hate you,” he told Rhodey, who just nodded and pulled him back down so that Tony could rest his head in Rhodey’s lap again.“I know,” he said and then shushed Tony when he wanted to say something else.~*~*~“King Cat,” Tony greeted T’Challa when he dropped by for his next visit.“I believe I told you to drop the king, Mr. Stark,” T’Challa mildly replied and Tony laughed.“You’re objecting to the title you rightfully own, but accept the cat references. I think you are objecting to the wrong thing here,” Tony told him with a smile and then momentarily froze when T’Challa pulled him into a hug.“No titles when I am here,” he said right next to Tony’s ear and his voice sent shivers through Tony.Damn Rhodey for pointing out that T’Challa might be flirting with him.“It’s good to see you,” T’Challa earnestly said when he let go of Tony again.“It’s good to see you too,” Tony replied. “How are things in Wakanda?”“Everything’s going very well. Your BARF is a great help,” T’Challa said without going into details. You never knew who was listening.“How are the guests?” Tony asked and T’Challa raised an eyebrow.“Extending their stay longer than I care for,” he gave back. “But I think they will be gone soon enough. And then I will be very happy to call you my guest.”T’Challa had invited Tony to visit Wakanda months back, but Tony couldn’t bear to be in the same house than Steve and Bucky, maybe even see them. T’Challa had promised to only ask again when they were gone and if things with BARF and Bucky were really going well maybe that could be soon.T’Challa had talked a lot about Wakanda and Tony couldn’t wait to see it.“Good,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
courting
Gifts
Nicknames
Flirting
Oblivious Tony
Getting Together
Arc Reactor Issues

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa

