Work Text:

 One. 
Clint was the first to volunteer, suggesting a day of golfing with the famous Hawkeye to raise some money for upgrades.The building they were staying in was an old CIA training center, outfitted with equipment that was decent but outdated. No moving targets in the range and no technology to create virtual climates. Clint missed the Compound and hated its owner with equal ferocity.Scott set it up. Supporters would donate for a chance to be randomly selected as the winner. At $10 for an entry, they should be able to raise the $75,000 needed to revamp the archery training grounds in no time. Avengers branded products were often sold-out so there was obviously a demand.On the first day, Clint's website received hundreds of comments. Scott's cheer had quieted to a frown as he scanned the page.
 Golf? Booooooooring. 

 You'd have to pay me to hang out with a fake superhero like Hawkeye, he's using a weapon from the dark ages. 

 Instead of golfing with strangers, shouldn't you be spending time with your family? I feel sorry for them. 
Clint swore, working up a good rant when Scott silently highlighted a comment. Clint's jaw closed with a click that rattled his teeth.
 Don't be, we're happier now that he's gone. Plus, it's not like he ever spent time with us anyway. 
It was the most popular comment with the highest number of replies.
 Fuck him, you guys are better off without him! 

 Good riddance! 

 Too busy saving up for a shooting range to pay child support. What a dick! 
Clint slammed his fist into the monitor.*Scott took down the website later that day. Not a single entry, and they were already operating at a loss now that they had to replace the monitor and Clint's hand required stitches.A week later, a letter from the family court arrived, summoning Clint to appear before a judge in order to explain his missed child support payments. 
 Two. 
Wanda's idea was simple, much like her mental capacity.Magic had been her ally since the day she joined HYDRA and it would be the solution to their current financial struggles. Her skills were far more advanced than any of the imposters performing at birthday parties or sold-out showrooms.Steve designed the flyers for her, an impressive scene of Wanda floating in the air above a riveted crowd in black and white with red accents in her eyes and swirls around her fingertips. The tasseled bottom edge included her phone number.
 A Mind-Bending Experience with the Scarlet Witch: Your Kids Will Never Be the Same. 
They posted the flyers at various cork boards they had seen in coffee shops, community centers, and grocery stores. With the quinjet off-limits for non-Avengers outings, they were forced to advertise locally. At least New York was a large city with an accessible public transportation system.Wanda sighed as she sprawled out on the lumpy couch in their living room. Her feet ached from walking around town today but her efforts would soon pay off and a new couch – a leather sectional like the one at the Compound – was at the top of the list."What the hell were you thinking?" The door slammed against the wall, the thin wood cracking under the force, and Natasha was towering over Wanda in three quick strides and brandishing a piece of paper.Wanda frowned, unhappy with Natasha's tone and what was in her hand. "Is that my flyer?"Natasha gritted her teeth, crumpling the drawing of Wanda's face in her fist while looking like she would love nothing more than to do the same to the real Wanda. "Your flyer landed us on the news." She spat the words like daggers as she stalked over to the television. There was no voice-activated system installed and they had misplaced the remote weeks ago.
 "Eye witnesses report that the Scarlet Witch appeared pleased as she pinned up these announcements threatening to invade our children's minds unless she receives $500 per family in each of the following suburbs–" 

 "–Accords committee takes public endangerment very seriously, especially from a volatile individual such as Wanda Maximoff, who has claimed, by our estimate, hundreds of lives for the roles she played in Johannesburg, Seoul, Novi Grad and Lagos. An investigative panel is–" 

 "–though not signed, several experts have pointed out the similarity in style to other drawings done by Steve Rogers. Is it possible that Captain America condones this atrocious behavior?" 
Wanda could only stare at the screen as Natasha switched among the five channels they had. Red sparks shot from her fingers as they tapped rapidly against the armrest. "They're twisting my words! I don't hurt children!""They don't know that!" Natasha seethed. "And you stupid–"The smell of burning plastic filled the air. Wanda looked down in horror at the melting polyester cover of their couch, yet another item they couldn't afford to replace. Natasha threw her hands up in the air and screamed. 
 Three. 
Sam stared at the original Falcon Wings through his phone's display, wincing slightly as he took a photo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Humor
At Team Cap's Expense
(that was a pun)
Fundraisers
Failed Fundraisers
Consequences
Punching Steve Rogers in His Perfect Teeth
Crack
Salty + Silly
5+1
Translation Available

fandom: 
None
