Work Text:
I "I swear to god this place is like it’s own ecosystem!  No, I take that back, that's too flattering. This place is like a Petri dish."Darcy stares at the sink, scowling at the pile of overflowing, filth covered, stinky dishes that are clogging up the giant it’s-so-big-because-Tony-Stark-cannot-have-normal-sized-things sink, and groans.  It’s getting ridiculous, really.  No one does anything even remotely resembling household upkeep and if Darcy gets stuck doing the cleaning one more time, she might have a nervous breakdown.  It’s time for action.It takes several hours and a trip to two separate shopping malls, but when she’s done, Darcy thinks she might just have to start practicing her evil mastermind laugh.The next day, she is prodded awake by Clint, who has an amused and excited look on his face.  “I would tell you that you have got to come see this, but I think you already know all about it.”“I’m sure I have no idea what you mean,” she says, unconvincingly.They trudge to the kitchen, Darcy a little grumpy at being awake at oh-six-hundred and Clint just lousy with glee.  When they arrive, it is to something nearing chaos.  And really?  They stare in the face of certain death on a regular basis, but one little inconvenience in the house and they’re devolving into anarchy?“What the hell is this?”  Tony says while she drags the coffee carafe toward her and debates drinking straight from it.  He’s holding up a plastic plate with Iron Man’s face on it and she really shouldn’t need to explain this.“That’s a plastic plate with Iron Man’s faceplate on it.  It’s a plate face.”  Darcy chuckles at her own joke, but Tony just glares.Bruce, who is sitting at the breakfast table reading something on his tablet, says nothing, but Darcy’s pretty sure she hears him snort.“Where are the normal dishes?  And the normal cups?”  Tony asks, digging through cupboards and drawers.“Must I use the one with my own likeness?”  Thor asks.  “Or may I use one with the likeness of another?”“And the cutlery,”  Steve adds from inside the pantry.  “Can’t find the baking sheets or casserole dishes either.”“This plate is so tiny,” Thor laments.  “I require a larger dish than this.”“Has anyone seen the water glasses?”“Who moved the cooking utensils?”“Am I meant to use this for all meals?”“The tumblers had better still be in the bar, because we do not drink alcohol out of plastic in this house.”Natasha is watching from the corner, a plastic Black Widow cup in hand, her face blank.  “How am I supposed to make muffins?”  Steve asks, looking crestfallen.“Yes, Darcy,” Natasha says, tone flat.  “How is Steve supposed to make muffins?”“Steve may check out a muffin tin from the bakeware inventory, after which he will wash, dry and return said muffin tin.  You’ll probably want check out a bowl, measuring cups and some spoons, too.”They all turn to look at her, Tony with an expression of gobsmacked horror.  “Where are all of the dishes?!”She stands her ground and ignores the way Clint crosses to sit next to Natasha, muffling his laughter.  She says, “No one here does any dishes or any cleaning of any kind and since there is not a single maid with high enough security clearance in the existence of the world, I am always the one to end up doing it.  And I’ve put my foot down.”Tony, Thor and Steve glare at her, while Clint laughs louder and Bruce just leaves the room, a rueful smile on his face.“You will each use the set of dinnerware that has your own image on it.  For example, Steve uses the Captain America plate, bowl, cup, coffee mug and cutlery.  Anything else is available by request and due back the next day.  Sort of like the library.  Plus, if anyone leaves their stuff in the sink, we know who did it.”Tony opens his mouth to argue, a smug look on his face, but Darcy cuts him off.“And if you just use someone else’s stuff and don’t wash it, they get to retaliate however they see fit.  So, yes Thor, you may hit Tony with Mew-mew if he tries to frame you.”Steve pulls a white plastic plate from the shelf and holds it up.  It has a long red chili on it and Steve’s expression clearly asks what the hell that means.“That’s Pepper’s,” Darcy says, not sorry at all.  “When you are all responsible enough to clean up after yourselves, you may have everything back.”It takes three weeks, the threat of leaked photos of them eating off of their own merchandise, and a call to Fury, but finally, they get a maid in the form of a S.H.I.E.L.D janitor.  Tony hates it and promises terrible punishment on Darcy if the maid feeds Fury information, but the dishes get done and the carpet gets vacuumed and the bathroom stops smelling, so Darcy decides she doesn’t so much care about whatever paranoid scenario he’s cooked up. II Surprisingly enough, despite evidence to the contrary, it isn’t living with her father that is the problem - it’s living where she works.  In theory, living a few floors away from work seems like a great idea.  There are a million upsides:  Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sorry Not Sorry
Fluff
Humor

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

