Work Text:
Tony’s fingers slid down, over Steve’s hip, avoiding his cock, hot and heavy and hard where it rested against his belly, sliding down between his legs to brush at the edges of his hole where he was spread wide, as the machine slid the huge fake cock in and out of him, and Steve tried not to buck up or jerk wildly at the touch, trying to hold himself still as Tony’s fingers wandered over him, feeling himself trembling even more as they did.  His skin felt damp, sticky with sweat, all over; he could feel his gut clenching and straining, and Tony’s fingers made his stretched skin prickle and throb with sensitivity under their touch, feeling where he was open so wide.  Steve moaned, felt his hands move down and clench into fists over the bed where Tony had laid him out, deep into the sheets.“A little more lube, I think,” Tony said, and shifted around Steve to stand in between his legs, pushing up the heaving, sweaty weight of Steve’s thigh with one hand and turning his head to suck deep, wet kisses along the meat of it, fastening his mouth over the sensitive inner side of Steve’s knee and kissing it like he was kissing it with tongue, until the sensation slammed through Steve like a wave, going straight to his dick, Tony’s hot wet mouth and tongue and the suction against that incredibly sensitive skin.  He strained to stay still, fighting what felt like his every muscle, and only realized he was gasping, moaning and tossing his head against the pillows Tony had stacked under it, when Tony murmured soothingly to him, shifted his mouth away and skimmed it up his thigh, stroking the sweaty, heaving skin.A moment later, he felt it, the slight brush of Tony’s fingers as he slicked up the dildo, felt the new, freshly easy, slick slide of it into him, the way the lube dripped, cool and slick, against the heat of his raw, swollen rim as it pushed into him, ran down the crack of his rear and between his cheeks.  The slide was easier now, so much easier that it was almost disorienting, and almost left Steve feeling adrift, not sure if he missed the tight friction, the pinch and tug at his inner walls that had left him aching and raw to the point of pain every time the dildo pushed in deeply.  This slide was so slick and easy now, so that the big dildo barely felt like anything despite the internal pressure as it slid in, pushing his soft, lax insides open wide, and hell, how loose was he, and oh, oh, it was pressing against his sweet spot in there again, and the pleasure was so—so bright and hot and overwhelming and his dick, ached, throbbing for a touch, bumping wet and messy against Steve’s belly—oh, it felt so good, and he just wished he could come, come on, he could come, he knew he could, if his damn dick just cooperated a little bit more—He only realized he was writhing, arching his back and gasping on the bed, when Tony leaned in, took one of Steve’s hands in his, running his thumb over the back of it for a few moments before he shifted to press their palms together and squeeze. “Looking good, big boy,” he purred. Steve tried to open his mouth, to speak in return, but all that came out were broken, gasping whines, and he felt himself flush, the blood rushing to his head dizzyingly.  God, he had to be wrecked.  Tony linked their fingers, reached up and ran the backs of his other hand, still wet with lube, against Steve’s cheek.  They felt cool against the hot, sweaty skin, and Steve pushed his face into it, panting, as the lube smeared across Steve’s cheekbone.  He didn’t care; Tony’s touch felt amazing. “You should see yourself,” Tony murmured, “it’s pushing into you so easy; you open up so sweet and nice for it, don’t you, babe?  I’m jealous.”Steve gave a breathless little laugh at that, closing his eyes and just pushing into Tony’s hand. “Hey, nah,” he managed to gasp out. “Don’t be.  You, you do fine.  You do, you do wonderful.”“Aw, that’s nice of you to say, sweetheart,” Tony said, all warm and fond, stroking his fingers down along Steve’s jaw, “but let’s just say your body is a little more naturally talented at this, yeah?”Steve flushed, felt his traitorous cock harden just a little bit more, bumping hard and hard against his belly, drooling out precome in a wet sticky patch right under his navel.  Yeah, he wanted to say, but I wasn’t always, and then his mind was filled with a vivid, vivid mental image of Tony doing this to him before—before the serum, his body skinny and pale and flushed all over and shaking, almost shaking apart, as he gasped for air, and Tony would be—would be worried, probably, Tony was always so sweet and solicitous, and he’d stay there with his hand on the back of Steve’s neck, even as Steve told him to quit it, curl his hand around Steve’s slender cock and made him come, kissing his bony, trembling shoulder, or—Steve wasn’t even sure if that turned him on or not, thinking about that, but he felt his gut clench tight with, with emotion, with something, unable to push the vivi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Content
Established Relationship
Fucking Machines
Overstimulation
Multiple Orgasms
Anal Gaping
Anal Sex
Comeplay
Mention of switching
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve
Sub Steve Rogers
Sub Steve
Top Tony Stark
Top Tony
Dom Tony Stark
Dom Tony
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Dirty Talk
Bondage
Light Bondage
honor bondage
Ankle Cuffs
Oral Sex
Kissing
Subspace

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

