Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He paced back and forth in his cell like some predatory beast, which he supposed wasn't really that far from the truth. On occasion, the patrolling guards would pass by the gold tinted energy wall that kept him from leaving, but they paid him and his agitated pacing as little attention as he paid them. "Darling, pacing won't help," a kind voice said from the middle of the room. "Thank you, Mother," the pale and slightly sweaty prisoner said with dripping sarcasm. "I think, by this age, I am well aware of what will and what won't help, but there isn't much else to do about it." He didn't bother looking over at her and just continued his pacing. By this point, he had tried everything from reading for a distraction to simple exercises to exhaust himself."The potion I sent will help," Frigga said, gesturing to the table where the ruby glass vial was sitting.Loki did pause his pacing and look at her then. "Mother, I am in prison," he said as if that had somehow escaped her notice. "I'm not overly fond of the idea of being forced into unconsciousness surrounded by those who most certainly don't want my continued good health."Frigga looked startled. "If any were to hurt you, your father-""He's not my father, and he wouldn't care," Loki interrupted angrily. "Loki, that's not true. We do not want to see you hurt. You're still our son," Frigga said as she watched Loki rolled his eyes and began pacing again. "And now that you know your heritage... we may be able to find your soulmate."Loki paused again and looked over at Frigga with a far less than friendly expression. "Oh yes, now that there is no danger of finding out what I am since I already know that dirty little secret... now we can start looking for who I am meant to be happy with. Now that I'm a monster in a jail cell. Thank you so very much for that."Frigga sighed. "It was ill-done, and I should have put my foot down earlier, Loki. I do not deny that, and I will forever be trying to make amends for our oversight. But the secret was not meant to facilitate your misery, darling.""Meant to or not, I had to grow up the soulless monster who nobody could love," Loki said."Loki! That's not true!"Loki scoffed and turned back to his Mother. "You think I didn't ever hear those rumors about me?" he asked incredulously. "About how there wasn't a mark on me? No symbols or names or anything of the sort? I couldn't even pretend that perhaps I had an Alfr soulmate because as an idiot child I blurted out that I had a favorite color!" he hissed angrily. Alfr was the only race in the nine realms that didn't have physical marks, but they couldn't see color until they met their soulmates. Therefore, Loki's situation of having no visible marks but also seeing color had left him few options."They never should have said such things about you," Frigga said sadly. "But we can help you now. If you lower the glamour and let me see your back-""No, Mother," Loki said firmly. "It's too late for that.""Loki, it's not too late," Frigga denied. "Jotnar have the names of their soulmates in the marks on their back, and there's no reason for-""Mother," Loki interrupted. There was an awkward pause before Loki pulled off his shirt and turned to expose his back. Frigga couldn't help the gasp that escaped at the sight of the thick patchwork of scar tissue from his shoulders to his hips. "It is too late," he repeatedFrigga stared in horror even as Loki pulled his shirt back down and began to pace again. The Asgardian Queen struggled for a moment to process what she had seen. Loki had never been one for flaunting his body, so she hadn't put much thought into why she had never seen him without his shirt, but she definitely had not expected to see such horrific scars on her son's back. "Loki, who did such a thing?" she demanded as her horror faded to anger.Loki sighed but didn't stop his pacing. "It doesn't matter.""It does matter!" Frigga argued. "The guards are not permitted to hurt you!""And so they haven't," Loki said. "Leave it be, Mother. It isn't as if a soulmate would be happy with me, anyway. And most likely they are Jotunn as well, and I probably killed them with the Bifrost.""Loki-""Mother, I'm really not in the mood to discuss how I will be miserable the rest of my life. Please leave," he said as he turned away from her again.Frigga, however, wasn't easily dissuaded. "Loki, Darling, tell me who did that to your back. Please?""I see no reason to do that as it won't matter in the least," Loki replied."Will you at least take the potion?" Frigga pleaded. "It will ease your discomfort to sleep through it."Loki paused in his pacing to face her again. "To quote Odin: Prisoners are not meant to be comfortable, Frigga," he said in a mocking imitation of the King. "That is why you are only able to come to me this way, is it not?" he asked gesturing to her. The guards pretended they didn't know that the Queen sent her image to the cell, but Loki knew that should there be some
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
Sif/Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Loki/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Loki
Bruce Banner/Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alpha/Omega
Omega Loki (Marvel)
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Consent Issues
Trust Issues
Past Torture
Loki's Not Entirely to Blame
Loki Has Issues
Loki Does What He Wants
Jötunn Loki
Loki Never Fights Fair
Odin's A+ Parenting
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Multiple Partners
Unconsenting Medical Procedures
Medical Experimentation
Medical Torture
Odin's Bad Parenting
Daddy Issues
Loki's Severe Daddy Issues
Sensory Deprivation
The Void
Self-Harm
Self-Esteem Issues
Loki (Marvel) Angst
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Sometimes A Lady Loki
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Pregnant Loki (Marvel)
Threesome - F/M/M
Threesome - M/M/M
Threesome - F/F/M
Forced Marriage
Alpha Tony Stark
Bondage
Wet Dream
Sex
Sex Toys
Masturbation
Stubborn Tony Stark
Slow Build
Lack of Communication

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team
Frigga & Loki
Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
Sif/Thor (Marvel)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Laura Barton & Natasha Romanov
Loki/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Loki
Bruce Banner/Loki/Tony Stark

