Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
May Parker was a strong woman. Steve sympathized with her, he really did. However, money was money and contracts had to be followed to the letter. They both knew that if he let her off, others would take it as a sign of weakness and invent their own sob stories to get out of paying their loans, and Steve was not weak nor did he want to hear about everyone else’s bullshit sob stories. So, here he stood, three months after Ben Parker’s death, demanding for the money that Ben had owed him. However, May didn’t have it. Ben had loaned money from him in a desperate attempt to start his own bakery, and although Steve knew that the business made money, he also knew it wasn’t enough to pay him back yet. Therefore, this lead to his current dilemma. How was May going to pay him back?
“Ben owed me fifty thousand, May. I can’t walk out of this apartment without collecting it. You know it, and I know it. So, how are you going to pay me back?” 
“I need more time to get the money! I promise I’ll pay you every cent back, but you have to give me more time! Please! The bakery has only just started, but people love it. At this rate, I can have the money soon. I just need time, please! May said in a strong, steady voice with a hint of desperation. Though Steve could see the tremble within her frame, he had to admire the spine on this woman for staying so level-headed. After all, May was talking to the head of the most powerful gang on this side of the East River. “I can’t give you more time. Ben and I agreed that the total amount would be paid today, and I can’t extend it just because he’s dead. Besides, I’ve already waived the interest for you. I can’t do anything more. So, what’s it gonna be May? Do I need to smash this tiny apartment or do you want to “work” it off?” And by work, Steve meant either whore May out or have her use the store as a front for his shadier business deals until he deemed the debt repaid.
Abruptly, the door opened behind him and in walked young Peter Parker. Cute kid and a perfect addition for the event he was going to tonight. Gesturing to Bucky, who was behind the door, Bucky quickly grabbed Peter.
“New idea, May. I’m taking your nephew as compensation,” Steve said. As the young man began flailing in Bucky’s arms, May wailed at them to put her baby down and promised them the world if only they would spare her nephew. Over the litanies of “Put me down” Steve called Sam and ordered the car to be ready as the elevator door closed. Steve attempted to control Peter’s flailing by grabbing his legs only to promptly have his head snapped to the side by a well aimed kick while Bucky loosened his hold courtesy of a well placed elbow to his solar plexus. Like a shot, the kid was gone as soon as the elevator opened leaving Bucky and Steve to recover.
“Sam, I’ve got a kid that’s coming towards you, be ready for him,” Steve ordered through a bluetooth. “Good god that kid has a pair of legs on him.”
“Now we know he’s a fast too. What does the kid do for living? Run marathons,” Bucky exclaimed “At least, his arm strength is weak or you would be on the ground,” Steve said, exhaling sharply. “Come on, we’ve got a kid to catch.”
“Hey, Cap.” Sam suddenly interrupted. “We’ve got a problem. The kid’s just climbed the fire escape and is trying to jump buildings.”
“Let’s go. Sam says the kid’s trying to jump.” Steve called back as he ran towards the front door. Out the front door and rounding the side of the building, Steve made it just in time to see the kid catch the balcony railing opposite of the apartment.
“You can’t run forever, kid. Either way, that debt is going to get paid, and the faster you give up, the faster I can call it even with your aunt.” Steve called out.
“We’ll have the money in a few weeks,” Parker replied . “Why couldn’t you wait until then?” Peter asked and took a moment to rest, thinking he was safe from Steve’s grasp.
“Doesn’t work like that, kid. The money has to return to me at the appointed time, no later. I can’t have everybody and their dead relatives inventing stories in an attempt to ask for an extension. The world doesn’t work like that. If they see me giving extensions, they’re gonna walk all over me and that’s not acceptable.. I’ve got a reputation to uphold.” Steve explained.
“I guess you’re just going to have to wait then,” Peter snarked back, confident in his safety. “I don’t think so,” Steve said as Clint suddenly muffled Peter with a rag until he went limp. “Good job, Clint. I can always count on you to be the quiet one.”
“You’re welcome,” Clint replied as he kicked down the fire escape ladder. Climbing down with the kid over one shoulder, Clint handed him off to Steve who cradled Peter in his arms as his head rolled back to expose a smooth expanse of soft, creamy skin. “It’s a shame that this all happened to May Parker. Now, I’ll never be able to step into her shop. Damn.” Clint complained. “Oh, well. I can always send a lackey.”
“The kid’s a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
some of the Avengers - Freeform
Age Difference
Dubious Consent
Power Dynamics

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

