Chapter 1: Clint & Maria
    




Chapter Text
“Mr Barton,” the woman said, watching him with disgust. Clint had never seen her before except in photographs – and on that damned video. Maria Stark. Tony’s mother. It looked like he’d got the full set back. Clint wondered how he’d managed that – what he’d messed with – and what he could have blown up in the process. (Then he remembered that it wasn’t fair to blame the guy for everything. Seemed almost like a habit now.)“Come to gloat?” he asked, no patience for anything. He would be going to an actual prison soon, and he couldn’t even say he was innocent anymore.She smiled. “Yes, I suppose you can say that. You seemed particularly eager to blame my son for the things you did, and I can’t let that stand. You see, you are the convicted criminal, you are the one who decided attacking people who were supposed to be your friends was acceptable behavior. You’re the one who invaded countries and caused death and destruction. And do you know why?” She paused, eyes locked on his. “Because you are an idiot, incapable of considering anything but yourself. You are a selfish, idiotic man, Mr Barton, and you deserve this. You deserve to serve every one of those 18 years. Your wife and your kids are much better off without you.”Clint stood, anger churning in his gut because he knew she was right. “You don’t know anything about me,” he hissed.“I know all I need to know. I know that you do what you’re told like a good little minion, never caring about whose lives you ruin. I know you have no experience facing actual consequences for your actions. I know you took everything my son gave you and never even bothered to thank him because you are an entitled ungrateful bastard. I know you abandoned your family to play hero without a thought to them. I know you defended that murdering Hydra bitch even though she tried to kill you and did kill a lot of innocent people. I know all I need to know about how selfish, small and petty you are. And now so does the rest of the world.” She spread her arms and smiled.The anger slowly leeched away to be replaced by hopelessness. Clint shook his head, yet he couldn’t deny that there was some (maybe a lot) of truth to what she’d said. He had left his family behind to ‘play hero’, though he had not really seen it until much later – until he had nothing to do in this cell but think. He had also never thanked Tony for anything and had taken him and his resources for granted. There was a part of him that wanted to say that Tony shouldn’t have needed thanks for doing his job and being a team player… but then he remembered the tape of Siberia, Steve’s lies and all they’d said about Tony based on those lies and their own anger at the situation. It wasn’t Tony’s fault that they had ended up in the Raft, yet they’d blamed him anyway. None of them had ever really appreciated the man or his contributions to the Avengers. Until it was gone or turned against them, that was.If Clint really thought about it, he couldn’t say why he’d felt this animosity toward Tony. Natasha had certainly never liked him, but she never liked anyone (it was actually odd that she liked Steve as much as she apparently did, come to think of it). That might have colored Clint’s perception of the man, how dismissive all of SHIELD had been in regards to Stark. Or maybe that had only been a way to manipulate him. It hurt to think that he couldn’t really trust SHIELD’s actions as a whole anymore, but there was no denying that the organization he’d spent most of his life with was not what he’d believed.Maria Stark was still standing there, looking at Clint as he if was dirt under her nice expensive boots. For the first time Clint really looked at their actions from Tony’s friends’ perspective: his best friend Rhodes almost paralyzed because of the fight at the airport, Vision attacked by a friend in his own home, Tony himself nearly dead at Steve and Bucky’s hands. Yeah, Clint could see how Howard and Maria Stark had plenty of reason to despise him, and all of them. If someone had treated one of his children the way they’d treated Tony, he’d be standing there with the same disdainful expression. Hell, he would have gone further and taken matter into his own hands to do more than merely gloat.Except he would now never get the chance to defend his children from people who might hurt them. His children were gone from his life, possibly forever. He’d never see Cooper’s cocky grin again, or Lila’s sweet smile, or get to know Nate at all. They would grow up without him, perhaps ashamed of their criminal dad and glad not to be associated with him. Clint wouldn’t get to teach his sons to drive a car, he wouldn’t get to chase away his daughter’s potential suitors. He wouldn’t get to see them graduate high school, maybe not even college. He wouldn’t get to be a father to them. After all his promises to be there for them, to be a better father than his own had been, he’d fucked it all up for nothing. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
actions have consequences
Hand-wavy court procedures

fandom: 
None
