Work Text:



Steve looked to each of his teammates and felt nervous for the first time since he could remember. He had never taken all six of them at once before. He’d had more than six in a single session, of course. But those had been strangers, not superpowered beings with a hunger in their eyes, like starved men. In a weird way, it felt like a milestone, or a reward for all the cum he’d had injected into his body over the years. Although, each of those feedings had felt like a reward in their own right. 

But he figured it would come to this, eventually. Tony wasn’t going to keep quiet forever and a part of Steve had hoped he’d of run his mouth sooner. But when the billionaire had come to him that morning with his proposition for a ‘team meeting’, Steve could hardly refuse. Then he’d handed Steve a blue pill, which the Captain had refused at first, when Tony convinced him it would help with stamina. 

“That’s not a problem of mine.” Steve laughed and held the pill out to Tony in the palm of his hand. 

“You’ve never been fucked by a Norse God, a green monster and me at the same time before.” Tony folded Steve’s fingers around the pill and pushed it back toward him. “You’re gonna want it to count.” 

And as he dropped to his knees in front of all his friends, Steve began felt the pills effects course through him. It started as a warm sensation in his already hard cock, like a ball of warm energy, that crept through him. His heart rate increased, his rectum loosened and pulsed, and he felt every cell in his body yearn for contact. For cock, and for cum. 

“Are you boys ready?” Tony teased as he unzipped with the others. 

There was a wash of euphoria that overtook Steve and turned his reality into a slow moving, technicolor dream. He heard Tony’s words, grasped their meaning, but they sat on the top of his mind like melted butter. No response formed, only a pulse of his cock.

Banner knelt next to Steve. His cock was out and hard, which was the only thing that Steve noticed. “How much did you give him?” The doctor looked into Steve’s over blown pupils, which only half regarded him. The other half of his mind wandered and Steve saw Bucky and himself, years before any of this had happened. 

“He’s fine.” Tony waved him off and Banner stood. 

Thor walked up to Steve with his hard cock pointed at the Captain’s face. On instinct, Steve inhaled it. “When did the military man become such a whore?” Thor laughed. 


-0-


It had been Bucky who suggested it at first, of course. 

Steve had been doing what he always did for Bucky when they were home alone, sucking his cock while his best friend relaxed in his recliner and offered encouraging cooes. He gave Steve a massive load to gobble down, a side effect from Bucky’s own high libido and the day’s activities. 

Bucky rubbed the slobbery head of his cock against Steve’s face, which the blonde followed with his tongue. “You know, you can make a killing with a mouth like that.” 

Steve grabbed the shaft and cleaned the head. “What do you mean?” 

“Do you know how much guys would pay for a mouth like yours? Maybe upwards of a quarter!” 

“I guess…” Steve started, even though he had fantasized about similar scenarios.

“What if I told you-” Bucky’s face went dark. “-we didn’t have much of a choice? Rent is due in a few weeks and the land lord said if we were late again, we’re on the street.” 

“But what- I mean, how would that even work?” 

Bucky rose and crossed the room, but Steve stayed kneeling. “I can show you.” He opened a dresser drawer and grabbed something inside. 

“Oh, yeah?” Steve laughed, lightly. “And how would you know?” 

Bucky returned and dropped a pile of coins in front of Steve, on the seat of the chair. “What do you think I’ve been doing all day?” Bucky pulled his pants completely off, straddled the chair, his chest to it’s back, and opened his asscheeks in front of Steve’s face. There was a thin bead of cum that trailed from the stretched entrance, and Bucky’s rehardening cock dripped precum directly on the pile of change. 

“Bucky…” Steve ran his hand up to the white goo and smeared it into his friends entrance. “Who’s cum is this?” 

“Hell if I know.” Bucky shrugged. “I’m telling you, the men in this town must really be in need a fuck, bad. I posted up at a bar, not even that crowded and hooked two John’s in under an hour. They brought me to the back alley, I dropped to all fours, and they took their turns. Some other guys came around during, so I ended up with a hat next to me for them to throw change.” He laughed like he was recounting a fond childhood memory. “I’m not sure how many guys had a go, kinda lost count. And I didn’t even name a price, so I guess there’s no real way of finding out.” 

Steve went to speak, but stopped. His friends sluttiness was shocking, but hardly appalling, as it rivaled Steve’s own. But whoring himself out in an alley, without even bothering to check if he was getting paid by each of the men that violated him was
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers & Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
PWP without Porn
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal
Anal Play
Gangbang
Male Slash
Yaoi
Slash
Fivesome - M/M/M/M/M
Threesome - M/M/M
Gay Sex
Everyone Is Gay
Blow Jobs
Large Cock
Cock Worship
Prostitution
Cock Slut
Slut Shaming
Slut Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers & Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)

