Work Text:
“Will you please state your name and occupation?““Everett Ross. Commander of the Joint Terrorist Centre.”“The defence may start their questioning.”“Thanks, your honour. Commander Ross, thank you for joining us today. I appreciate your cooperation since you are a very busy man.”“Indeed I am. Somebody has to clean up the mess your client has left behind in half of Europe.”“Right… Commander, it was your agents who apprehended Sergeant Barnes also known as the Winter Soldier?”“My men apprehended the Winter Soldier, the Falcon and Captain America in Bucharest with the help of Colonel Rhodes. You will need to phrase your questions more precise or we will be here all day.”“I’ll try a precise question. Were your men in Bucharest for the specific reason to kill Sergeant Barnes?”“No.”“No?”“No. Oh, you would like me to elaborate?”“Yes, please. I am very interested in hearing how your men were not in Bucharest to kill Sergeant Barnes, without any proof of him being behind the UN bombing, when Agent Carter, a member of your agency, can testify that there was an order to shoot him on sight.”“Agent Carter may have been a member of the agency, she isn’t anymore because of treason, passing on information and theft. She was never a member of the taskforce. She never put a single foot into Romanian territory. The task force had permission to use lethal force if the Winter Soldier should resist arrest. Or if they should find him in a situation that would endanger civilians or their own. They were dealing with an enhanced individual who is responsible for over 50 assassinations. Someone highly dangerous.”“Glad that you mentioned the UN bombing. A tragedy that Sergeant Barnes wasn’t involved in. At the time you tried to… let’s say apprehend him… you had no proof that he was responsible for the bombing.”“There was video footage.”“Fake video footage.”“Unfortunately we didn’t know that at the time, but even if there had been no video footage at all, it would not have made any difference.”“How so?”“Over 50 assassination? The Winter Soldier was one of the most sought after killers of this century. We learned about his whereabouts, he was going to be apprehended anyway. Luckily the task force got to him when he was in his apartment. A place with a slim risk of endangering bystanders or civilians. Unfortunately Steve Rogers got to the apartment before my task force, attacked my men and helped the Winter Soldier flee. Given the excessive brute force that both Steve Rogers and the Winter Soldier used against the task force, it would have been reckless and irresponsible to risk their escape. Civilians were clearly endangered. So several back up teams were sent after them and were eventually able to apprehend them. I regret deeply that this apprehension didn’t happen as planned. In the apartment. A relatively safe place. Definitely safer than a tunnel during rush hour full of cars. Your client is to blame for that.”“Isn’t it more like your men chased Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes towards a highly frequented area? Leaving them no choice since their lives were in danger?”“Seriously? Is this question for real?”“Commander Ross, please answer the question.”“Fine… I will answer your ridiculous question. No. My men were to apprehend the Winter Soldier in his apartment. With the help of Captain America he severely wounded most of them, then jumped of a balcony, down a roof and when the back-up teams caught up with them, they were already on a highly frequented street. Their lives were only in danger, because they were resisting arrest. Why am I am summing this up? You already know that. Everybody knows that. My men, good agents, are still in hospital or recovering while the Winter Soldier and Captain America walked away just fine. How come they were properly arrested and not viciously killed if that was the intention all along?”“Fascinating, Commander. Would you mind leaving the questions to me?”“Gladly…”“So you claim that the apprehension and arrest of the Winter Soldier happened according to protocol? Everything completely correct? Proper police work?”“I work for the CIA not the police, but yes. Everything was handled professionally.”“Most wonderful to hear that. I am really grateful that we can rely on our intelligence agencies to do such good work. Now I am merely wondering… if everything happened according to rules of conduct, why did you refuse Sergeant Barnes his fundamental right to talk to an attorney?”“Really? That’s what this is all about? That’s why you dragged me into this courtroom, wasting my time?”“Stalling won’t help you with this Commander.”“I am not stalling, I am calling Steve Rogers stupid for telling his lawyer to go down his route.”“Did you or did you not refuse Sergeant Barnes his basic right to see his attorney?”“No.”“No?”“No, I did not refuse him the right of legal representation.”“Oh? How come then that both Steve Rogers and Sam Wilson gave identical statements that when Steve Rogers asked for a lawyer, yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Sokovia Accords
Legal Drama
Lawyers
Dialogue-Only
Aftermath

fandom: 
None
