Work Text:
Peter nudged his elbow against Tony’s armour, as the two walked away from the mess of their last battle. “That was a pretty sticky situation, wouldn’t you say?”Tony’s groan ended in a laugh. “Oh, god.”Peter bounced a little on his feet, high on the adrenaline from the fight. “My spider senses tell me you aren’t a fan of puns.”Tony continued to laugh, as Peter walked beside him. It had been a good mission, and Peter had even gotten to use a web grenade or two. He’d probably say the best part had been when Cap literally threw him at a target, that was awesome, but his thoughts were interrupted when his vision exploded into white. Stars flew across Peter’s vision, and the teenager blinked, suddenly finding himself on the ground. He hadn’t known what happened until he looked to see Tony’s arm sticking out towards him, and he paled as he realized.Tony had hit him. It had been so unexpected that Peter had no chance to block it.  His face throbbed painfully, and his ears rang, as Karen spoke. “You have sustained a mild concussion.”The teenager got shakily to his feet, words unsure. “Woah, okay, I didn’t think you’d be that annoyed.”Tony took a halting step forwards, and Peter held up his hands cautiously, not knowing what might happen next. Tony grunted, and his arms came up to reach for Peter, fingers curled as if he were trying to choke him. Peters blood ran cold, as he looked for any recognition in those cold eyes on the Iron-Man mask.“Is this some sort of weird training thing? Because we just finished a battle, I think we should take a minute.”Tony let out a growl, before his fist swung towards Peter’s face again, but he was prepared this time, and he caught it in one hand. “Hey! What’s going on? Seriously, Tony you’re scaring me.”Tony kept fighting his grip, pulling at his arm before slamming his free fist into Peter’s chest, sending the youngest Avenger soaring across the street. He skidded across the concrete, before flipping himself over and landing on his feet, in a crouch. “Tony, what is happening?!”But the suited man in front of him said nothing, just marched over towards him, his heavy metal boots clanking threateningly on the ground. Peter had never been scared of Tony before; he’d been intimidated, of course, but he’d never been afraid for his life. Tony marched towards him, as Peter got to his feet, blinking away his blurred vision. He held his hands out in front of him, in surrender, and backed away as Tony came closer. “Karen, what’s going on? Is that really Tony in there?”The Iron-Man helmet opened, before the AI could answer, revealing Tony’s cold, indifferent, face. He looked so little like himself, eyes empty and uncaring, that a shiver ran up Peter’s spine. “I do not know what is causing this behaviour, but it doesn’t seem as though he is going to stop.” Karen sounded a tad worried, and Peter knew that she had reason to be, because although Peter was strong enough to take on Iron Man, he couldn’t bring himself to do anything to hurt Tony. And he knew, if it came down to him or Tony, he would choose Tony. The other man came closer, and Peter took a deep breath. “Karen, call for help. Tell Cap we have a situation.”The AI obliged, sending out a distress signal, as Tony marched over to Peter. The teenager fired a web, swinging up onto a building across the deserted street; ever thankful that civilians had been evacuated for the previous fight. If he could just distract Tony, and keep him occupied till help came, it might all turn out okay. Tony’s expression twisted a little, as Peter continued to swing out of reach, leading him slowly down the street; he looked angrier, and his movements became more purposeful. He no longer looked like a stiff marionette, more like his old self, just really, really, mad. His arm shot out and fired a beam at Peter, just as he was swinging to another lamp post, and the blast of heat and light struck him in the chest, sending him crashing to the ground. His suit protected his skin, but the blast burned, and hit him solidly, like a bat. Karen’s voice was worried. “I have detected a crack in one of your ribs.”Peter grunted and wrapped an arm around his chest. “Yep, felt that one.”Her voice came again, as Peter watched Tony come at him. “Help will be here soon.”Peter threw a web at Tony, sticking his feet to the ground, and tying his arms to his sides, watching warily as the man struggled in the bonds. “Sorry Tony, I don’t know what’s happening, but whatever it is, we’ll fix it. I promise.”Tony grunted, and groaned, sounding more like an animal than himself, and Peter flinched back as he jerked particularly hard in his restraints. “Tony? Can you even hear me?”The other man’s eyes were so empty. He looked mad, but had no recognition in his glare, and Peter quickly looked around for any civilians, before pulling his mask off. “It’s me, it’s Peter. Do you know who I am?”Something flickered in Tony’s eyes, like something in him was wavering, but it lasted only a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Mind Control
Angst
Sad
Pain
Blood
Whump
Broken Bones
Panic
Guilt
Humor
Fluff
Hugs
Comfort
Recovery
Protective Tony
Protective Steve
dad tony
Worried Tony
Doctor Bruce

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

