Chapter 1



Notes:

this is another whatcha-callit that spinned into being two parts. and just as a side note, I've never personally read either of the books mentioned but I did read the summaries. which is fine. I'm not a book critic





Chapter Text
Ok.So.Their second year into college, Peter grows a wisp of a mustache and beard and it looks so fucking awful that Michelle wants to die.She doesn't die, obviously, because she's a baller and she's planning to graduate with awards and get a six-figure salary and be drinking champagne out of her gold-rimmed crystal glasses and she'd be damned if she let a White boi with peach fuzz make her distracted, squander and squirm.So instead of dying, every time Peter sends her a Snapchat, she replies with the same picture she's pre-saved that's a selfie of herself, frowning at the camera, the caption a single word in white text inside the gradient across the screen: No.When they FaceTime and he strokes the growing facial hair, and her knowing that he's trying to get a rise out of her, she picks up a hand razor beside her, clicks on an electric razor in the background, or holds a pair of scissors beside her in the camera's view.This goes on for weeks.Once and unrelated, he texts her Fuck you , late one day after a particular apathetic response to hearing how he's had to rush ridiculously on a scooter through New York traffic to deliver pizzas, and him almost getting hit by a car en route. (She had made a joke about him and a bug on a windshield.)Only if you put that thing on your face out of its misery , she replies, not the tiniest bit sarcastic. She doesn't get a reply text for almost a full week later.It's on a Saturday, nearing eleven at night when she gets a FaceTime call. It's Peter; the angle of the camera tilted up and himself cut out of the view, but she hears him panting and requesting for her to open the door. Tying her drying hair up in a messy bun and making a mental note to return for a pair of socks as she pads across the cold tile floor. And when she tugs the door of her tiny apartment open, the phone is craddled to his stomach, and he's wearing an out of season zip-up sweater and baseball cap, the top of it and its visor and his shoulders are wet from the light rain.She lets him inside.She has two flatmates that she shares the space with, and informs that they've gone to study together.He doesn't speak until they've reached her bedroom, and when he does, it's an impulsive disarray of words and thoughts having a traffic jam to his mouth. Defeated at trying, he pulls out an unbinding bunch of colorful daisies from his book bag, takes a steadying breath—It's their anniversary. And though the flowers had gotten a little wilted during his journey, she takes them admiringly.There's a movie playing in theaters, he offers, hands fumbling to his pockets.But Michelle complains about high ticket prices and tells that she discovered a websites that streams movies in HD.By the time her flatmates returned in the early hour of the morning, Michelle and Peter are curled up on the couch together, sharing a blanket, and the movie plot is nearing the climax.He waits until he thinks her flatmates have gone to bed before peppering kisses near Michelle's ear, along her jaw, and down the curve of Michelle's neck. She's slouched across the sofa, curled in his chest, and she shivers at him tilting her head back, his breath blowing across her collarbone and down her oversized shirt, then he's sucking at a pulse point.She lets out an involuntary sigh, a complaint that's more of a question about them missing the movie streaming on the tv.Beneath the blanket, his hands glide up and down her arms, and then her sides in time that the antagonist on screen begins monologging; Peter's palms, calloused and groping, slide across her breasts, down her stomach, and pass her naval. Only when her head is against his shoulder, breathes short and quick as his one hand dances around the waistband of her pajama pants, her hips pleading as she begins to squirm, does he leans down to kiss her, and it—It all fucking stops.Michelle is grimacing, shaking her head as she stops him from trying to kiss her. "Uh uh," she disapproves.And Peter's—well, he's confused. "Why?""That. That little thing." Her finger encircles her face once before drawing a circle in the air around his mouth. "I'm not kissing that thing. And there'll be no more sex until that has been taken care of either."He pouts. Asks her "why", again.She asks him why would he want it anyway—she knows how he's never been fond of facial hair on himself, so this only arose suspicion on her part. She questions if he's been roped into a bet again, or a threat.His answer is a tiny shrug, and, "I dunno. I just thought... I just thought."Michelle still isn't convinced, but isn't given much time to contemplate over it because his hand slips past the elastic band of her billowy pajama pants and he's rubbing shapes into the apex between her thighs over 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
here goes another one
Don't @ Me
University
Spideychelle
PeterMJ - Freeform
Peterchelle
part of another challenge so here we go i guess
Romance
basically peter makes fun of mj and she has her own two cents to give
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Future Fic
Alternate Universe - College/University
College
College Student Peter
University Student Michelle
Explicit Sexual Content
Resolved Sexual Tension
Bondage
Rope Bondage
Bondage and Discipline
Light Bondage
Kinky Bastard
Smut
Face-Sitting
College Student Peter Parker
Sub Peter Parker
Kinky
Femdom
Slice of Life

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

