Work Text:
Steve walked into the room, carefully setting his shield down.It was a room that Tony had carefully built into the design of the building. Completely off the map, and seemingly nonexistent. It didn't even have JARVIS' omniscient presence lurking about. It was, for lack of better wording, a playroom.Steve didn't really like to call it that. That wording of brought up mental images of whips and chains lining the walls, sultry lighting, velveteen furniture, and an aura of sexual elegance and taboo. This room simply wasn't that. One could walk into it and think it was a normal enough bedroom. It had a large bed, a couch in front of a TV, an adjacent bathroom, a dresser, a small fridge, all the practical things. But if Steve were to open the dresser, look in the drawers, well. The look of domestication would be ruined by the sight of toys lining its drawers. Dildos, gags, lingerie, plugs, floggers, riding crops, ropes, chains, collars, cock rings, nipple clamps, all of it. Anything he and Tony had used in bed was there.Playing with Tony like this had begun so innocently. They fought, constantly. On the field, in the Tower, in public. They were each other's worst enemy. It had led to angry sex, one day. After that, everything just snowballed. They discussed kinks, setting safewords, spent weeks setting up boundaries and working out the kinks (pun intended) of this. Steve was in awe, at first, by how much Tony aligned with his kinks. How eager Tony was to please, to let Steve use him. They still weren't romantic, it was just platonic play, as Tony flippantly called it.Which led to now. Tony, sweet, gorgeous Tony, was on his knees, in the exact position he was to be in when Steve came down. On his knees, in front of the door, hands clasped behind his back, eyes down. He wasn't naked, he wore red lace panties and stockings that were designed specifically for him. They hugged his hips perfectly, showed the outline of his package without quite revealing it. There was a black collar around his neck, with rhinestones carefully spelling out 'Kitten' on it. Besides degradation, that was Steve's current favorite name to call Tony.Steve slid off his uniform, changing into tight ripped jeans, no underwear, shirt, or footwear with it. He walked over to Tony, gently grabbing his pet's chin, forcing him to look up at Steve. "Kitten," Steve said, his voice feeling loud in the silent room.Tony wasn't allowed to speak until given explicit permission, so he only looked Steve in the eyes, waiting for a command.Steve rooted a fist in Tony's hair, pulling him forward until Tony's nose was pressed against Steve's stomach and he could feel the ghost of Tony's breath. "Worship me. Use your hands too." He ordered, his voice deep and rough.Tony pushed himself up so he was as high as he could go on his knees, and even then the top of his head barely reaches Steve's nipple. So Tony's hands did most of the work higher up, sliding over Steve's skin gently, as though Steve were a treasured gift. The submissive kissed and licked what skin he could get to. He had his face buried into Steve's skin, eyelashes tickling flawless muscles. His lips pressed wet, desperate kisses against Steve's abs and hipbones, as his fingers caressed Steve's chest and shoulders. Steve quietly watches him, petting Tony's hair."Pull my pants down. Use your teeth to get the button and zipper." Steve said, his voice soft, yet holding a layer of dominance to it. It was the exact tone that, without fail, always made Tony shiver.Tony lowered himself a bit, clenching denim between his teeth as he pulled the button free.  The zipper was tugged down as well, and Tony's hands gently pushed the waistband down to Steve's thighs. He looked up, awaiting his next order."Open your mouth," Steve ordered. Tony's jaw fell slack, pretty pink lips parted. "I'm going to fuck your throat. If you need me to stop, you tap my thigh three times. Understood?"Tony nodded, sliding his hands to the back of Steve's thighs, fingernails just barely biting into Steve's skin. Steve guided his cock into Tony's mouth and let loose.Having Tony worship Steve's body wasn't necessarily for pure sexual pleasure. Of course, it was arousing, but the appeal of it was knowing Tony was beneath him. Knowing in this room, Tony's sole purpose was to please Steve. But fucking Tony's mouth, that was pure, unadulterated pleasure. It was using Tony as nothing more than a fleshlight, roughly snapping his hips into Tony's slack mouth."Fuck," Steve growled. "Such a pretty little whore." His hips sped up, viciously claiming Tony's throat as Steve chased an orgasm. Wide mocha eyes stared up at him, starting to water. Tony was choking every time Steve thrust in, robbed of breath. "God, kitten. Your mouth feels so good. Such a good little slut for me." Tony whined around Steve, and that was enough to send him flying over the edge."Swallow it." Steve gasped, burying himself down to the hilt, giving Tony no real choice ab
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
BDSM
Daddy Kink
Established Relationship
Urethral Play
Nipple Clamps
Butt Plugs
Anal Sex
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Aftercare
Cock Rings
Power Play
Fluff
Literally Fucking Word Porn
2.7k Words Of Porn
No Plot/Plotless
degradation kink
Pet Names
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
I'm Bad At Summaries
it's just porn okay?

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

