Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter was not looking forward to today. He hadn't been looking forward to it since it was announced two weeks ago by his physics teacher.Stark Tower.That was where they were visiting as a field trip today.In principle, a very good idea that would appeal to most, if not all, of the class in various ways for different reasons.However, that did not mean that Peter appreciated Flash picking on him more and mocking his lack of Stark Internship (which  was  very real, no matter what he said). Also the fact that he was more familiar with the building than most of the other staff that worked there besides obviously Happy, Pepper, and Tony himself. If only because he was allowed in a lot more places than most of the other employees with regards to personal floors.(And the amount of times he's had to visit the medbay, but he's not going to mention that at all.)So, as they all piled out of the bus, Peter prayed that nothing would go wrong and nobody would make a big deal out of him being there with his class. They were met by Ali, one of the college level interns, who was waiting for them with a collection of lanyards with access passes on them with a smile on her face. She was always nice to Peter, like the majority of the employees were - there were a few researchers who didn't seem to like how young he was and that made them bitter, but that's hardly  his  problem, or fault, for that matter."Alright, my name is Alicia and I'll be the one showing you around today," she told them brightly, showing off her glittering white teeth. Then she started to call out people's names for them to collect their badges. "Pete, we don't have one for you because you've already got your usual badge, right? We can have you anoth-" he interrupted her with a nod to cut off her sentence, lifting his hand where his lanyard was looped around his wrist and his card was dangling. "Perfect! Alright, let's go guys, the elevators are this way," she said, turning around and walking off with the class following her past the main reception."Hey Jr," the receptionist greeted when she glanced up briefly, before going back to her paperwork.That was another thing. Being called Jr here. It wasn't a bad thing, per say, and Tony had never asked any of them to stop, and Peter by extension. But they all caught on to calling him junior when he and Tony were walking to the lab in intense discussion. It was overheard by some employees, who then joked that Peter was basically Tony's kid but without the arrogance and ego, and it caught on.He also didn't have the heart to deny himself the warm feeling that spread through him when anybody referred to him as being Tony's kid, even if he wouldn't quite admit it out loud just yet. Especially not with Tony's own baggage of emotional issues that have been slowly made more and more obvious to Peter the more time he spends with him."Marie," he greeted back with a nod. The few people who heard looked at him oddly, but he tried to ignore them.Everybody was ushered into the elevator followed by Ali, who scanned her badge and put them going to floor five. "We're going to one of the more basic R 'nd D labs first, to show you where you would do a lot of work if you were to get an internship here," she explained."Welcome back, Peter," Friday's voice sounded from above."Good afternoon, Friday," he responded,  really  trying hard to ignore those looks now."Boss wants to know if you're going to stay after the tour is done, he has some upgrade suggestions for you for your project," she tells him as they arrive at the right floor."Yes, I'll stay, where's Mr Stark now?""Oh it's Mr Stark now? And Boss is in a meeting currently so I sent him a text.""Yes it's Mr Stark now," he practically hissed, getting out of the elevator before anybody else since he was at the front. But Friday's voice just followed him."You'll be glad to know I won't be telling him you're ashamed to know him then," she sniffed, overly dramatic so he knew she was joking but he just rolled his eyes. Ali giggled softly from somewhere behind him, but he didn't pay attention to her as the class walked passed him so he was at the back of the group again, it wasn't like he was in need of the tour at all. Ali's words blurred into the background until she clapped her hands and Ned nudged him to move because she announced they were going up another few floors to a more advanced department - again he didn't pay attention to which one but followed after anyway."Peter, the bots want to see you," Friday said to him as the rest of the class listened and did some basic sheets - he hadn't even been given one and simply looked over Ned's shoulder to see what it was about."Well tell them I'll see them after I'm done here," he told her, before almost-grumbling under his breath, "who even told them that I'm here?""They're on their way down already," she informed him promptly, and smugly. "And they know because you were talking about it with Boss in their pres
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Friday
Peter Parker & The Bots

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Kinda
The bots love Peter
Fluff
A lil bit anyway
Intern Peter
Sassy Peter-ish
Possibly OOC
Now with Flash's pov
Peter Parker's Field Trip to Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Friday
Peter Parker & The Bots

