Chapter 1: [Tony]
    




Chapter Text
All in all, it had been one of the more bizarre missions the Avengers had ever had.They'd attacked a HYDRA base, situated way out in the wild backcountry of Maine, and had an Encounter with the Winter Soldier, which had ended in the guy focusing in on Steve to the exclusion of all else. He and Steve had had a brutal knock-down drag-out fight, that had been punctuated by Steve pleading with his old friend to remember something, anything, in the face of Barnes' blank-faced implacability. That status quo held for a long couple of minutes, until, for no reason Tony could identify, Barnes had thrown the fight.The encounter ended with Barnes flat on his back, and Steve firmly pinning him down. Barnes wasn't struggling anymore, gasping for air instead and ignoring the tears running down the sides of his face as he stared up at the ceiling of the base.It took some time for them to get that emotional mess sorted out and move on. Steve took Barnes back to the quinjet and the rest of them continued on their mission.Seemed that the Winter Soldier had more or less done the work for them, though, Tony reflected as he made his way through the maze of half demolished corridors toward the area of the base that ought to hold HYDRA's idea of a science division.When he reached the labs, Tony stopped and stared around in dismay. This had pretty obviously been Barnes' primary target. The labs were more thoroughly destroyed than anything else Tony had passed by, and the terse reports coming in from the rest of the team reflected a similar pattern.Here, though, anything vaguely important had been smashed, set on fire, or, in one vaguely horrifying instance, tossed into what Tony was fairly sure was a large beaker of hydrochloric acid. It looked like it had perhaps once been electronic, but Tony couldn't confirm much of anything about the misshapen lump.He avoided the thing carefully.The power was out, and he was forced to rely on his HUD to navigate the space without tripping over the debris on the floor. Tony spent a few minutes checking each computer terminal he found, but someone -- either Barnes or HYDRA -- had already grabbed the hard drives.Working his way through the labs as methodically as he could, in the hopes that he might find something of value to salvage anyway, Tony spotted the very carefully concealed -- and still intact -- door with some surprise. It appeared that Barnes hadn't known it was here, had been too upset to notice it, or had simply missed spotting it in his focused destruction of... whatever he'd been after. Tony suspected it was whatever he'd dropped in the acid bath.All of those options were slightly worrying, though.Anything that could make Barnes upset enough to miss spotting a hidden door in a HYDRA lab was not likely to be innocuous by any means."Got a secret door here, guys," he announced into the comm line as he started trying to work out what the mechanism was that opened it, "not sure what's behind it.""Careful, Stark," Natasha reminded him, as though he needed the warning, "we have no way to get to you quickly.""Right," he acknowledged airily. "I'll keep you posted."The tiny room that was revealed after he gave up trying to unlock the door and simply blasted it open with his gauntlet repulsors held very little. It had no separate power supply, so Tony had to rely on his HUD here, as well. Mapping the space with JARVIS' help, he made note of a large tank of water with a large bulky shape inside that neither he nor his AI could readily identify -- JARVIS' best guess was a Giant Pacific Octopus, of all things -- and what appeared to be water circulation and filtration equipment that would have looked more at home in an aquarium or a large aquatic facility.The thing inside the tank twitched feebly, then drifted down to the bottom of the tank motionless."Sir," JARVIS informed him a moment later, "I am no longer detecting any vital signs from the creature in that tank."Damn. Just minutes too late to find out whether it was hidden back here for a specific reason. It didn't make sense for HYDRA to hide any normal animal in a secret room, even one as smart as an octopus. There had to have been something special about it.Tony stepped up to the tank and put his palms against the thick glass, using his palm repulsors to light up the bare space. The tank was thick reinforced shatterproof glass and was maybe a meter in diameter. The top of the tank was about at his eye level while he was in the armour. Far too small for a creature the size of ... whatever it was. JARVIS' estimated the octopus like thing's body to have a diameter of about half a meter, and a length about three and a half times that. His AI couldn't get a fix on the length of the tentacles coiled around and under the bulbous head.One eerily alien eye seemed to stare at him, and Tony shuddered.He actually generally liked octopodes and squid, and thought they were interesting, but they were a bit intimida
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes/Tentacle Monster

freeform: 
moving gifs
nsfw gifs
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst
Light Angst
Angst and Porn
Angst and Humor
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Torture
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Crack Treated Seriously
Mad Scientists
Mad Science
Comic Book Science
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Tentacle Monsters
Consentacles
Octopi & Squid
Ghosts
Possession
ghosts that can possess electronics
Sneaky Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Super Soldier Serum
serum enhancements
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Male Character
Bisexual Character
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bot Feels
Adopting Strays
Idiots in Love
idiots flirting
Insecurity
POV Outsider
POV Tony Stark
POV Bucky Barnes
high octane crack treated deadly seriously prepare yourself for wtf
but the thing is IT'S NOT TOO INSANE TO BE CANON
also there is tentacle porn
Mission Fic
Action
Action & Romance
Enthusiastic Consentacles

fandom: 
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes/Tentacle Monster

