Work Text:
One of Peter’s favorite places in the world was over Wade’s lap while Wade did incredibly naughty things to his ass. He lay with his cheek resting against their bedspread, concentrating on staying as still as he could while Wade worked his slicked-up finger carefully in and out of him (because being told to stay still over Wade’s lap was even better because it was so, so difficult to do). This morning was even more challenging than usual, though, because he knew that, unlike any other time they did this, there was not a series of reward orgasms in his future. Well – in his immediate future, anyway.He fought an intense urge to squirm as Wade oh so carefully scissored his fingers – they’d had a damn marathon the night before, knowing it would be a while before they got to do it again, and he felt like he was still pretty stretched and ready. But, unlike an earlier version of himself, Peter didn’t feel a real desire to question his guy’s methods. He hadn’t seen the plug yet, and if Wade was taking this much time to get him ready, it must be a pretty serious customer.He sighed a little as Wade’s fingers withdrew from him. “Okay, cutie,” Wade said with an affectionate pat on his ass, “you ready to see The Monster?”Peter nodded. He heard Wade reach across the bed as he held Peter securely by the waist with his other arm. Then, before Peter’s eyes, there was the plug. The plug he’d be wearing inside of him for as long as he cared to stand it. And while it wasn’t the biggest plug he’d ever seen (because wow some of the things on the internet) he had to admit that The Monster wasn’t an inappropriate name.“Still okay?” Wade asked.Peter nodded, and then before Wade had to ask said, “Yeah.”“How about you get it nice and wet first?” Wade suggested. He held it to Peter’s lips, invitingly, and Peter, feeling himself blush (and he wondered when Wade would stop having that effect on him, and he hoped the answer was never) obediently took it into his mouth, running his tongue around the prodigious bulb, wrapping his lips around it so that it made a perverse “pop” sound when Wade pulled it out.“Still okay?” Wade asked again.Peter swallowed. Wade was so good at this stuff – he knew that letting Peter hold the plug in his mouth would give him an even better sense of exactly how big it was. “Yes,” Peter said, a bit breathless, “please.”Wade rubbed his lower back in a comforting, approving way that made his spine tingle with pleasure. He felt his cock press eagerly against Wade’s thigh as fingers parted his ass cheeks, and he suddenly had a nonsensical surge of pity for poor Spidey Junior and wished he could somehow explain to it what was about to happen and that when it was over it would be so worth it. He felt the blunt end of the plug press against his rim.“Deep breath,” Wade instructed. Peter complied, and as he exhaled, he felt the wonderful burn of Wade pushing the plug into him in one smooth, steady motion, the relief as his ass snapped closed against the stem.Holy wow he was full. He experimentally twisted his hips a bit to feel just how full, and felt a jolt all the way through his body when Wade gave the base a gentle tug.“Oh, my good boy,” Wade said in a low, awed voice. “You’re so goddamn pretty. Do you want to see how pretty you are?”Peter nodded. Wade helped him to stand, holding him firmly by the waist, and Peter held onto his shoulders to steady himself. Working his legs was difficult, and not so much because of the plug as how very very hard this was hitting him already. It wasn’t as if Wade hadn’t gotten him super deep into sub-head before, but it usually took at least a little more time than this, because whereas Wade was a Good Boy and got super floaty from instructions and praise, Peter needed to be taken down. And while everything his guy did to him was wonderful, in their courageous pioneering of new kinky frontiers he kept finding the edges of his own map and wanting to push onward. They’d tried some heavier impact play, and Peter had loved it and poor sweet Wade had tried so hard but it had upset him, and nothing was worth that. So, Wade, in his infinite wisdom of perversion, had offered up this little scenario.And so far, if the full-body trembling Peter felt as Wade held him in front of the mirror was any indication, it was pretty effective.“Look at you,” Wade purred as he turned Peter by the hips so that they could both see the plug poking out of his ass. The full-length mirror was a lot and Peter fought the urge to hide his face in Wade’s big, comforting shoulder. He watched as Wade gently tugged his ass cheeks apart a bit so that they could see the plug better. It looked so unassuming from the outside. It was the color that Peter referred to as Deadpool red, which made him smile. He watched as Wade, one arm securely around his waist to press their bodies together, took hold of the plug base and gave it a little wiggle, and Peter outright whimpered because jeez he could feel the thing in his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Chastity Device
Ass Play
Butt Plugs
Prostate Milking
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgasm Denial
Hand Feeding
D/s
Dominance
Submission
Dom/sub
top!wade
Bottom!Peter
Edging
Subspace
Restraints
Bondage
Fluff
Brunch

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

