Work Text:
Natasha Romanov was a glacier. She was powerful and cold, and her wrath would seep into her enemies just by being in her presence. The cold fury that she was known for was a bolster to her reputation, even if it didn't work as people seemed to think. Almost everyone who knew her assumed that she was mostly either always angry or unfeeling, but the truth was she was just like a regular person in those regards. Well... mostly. Hot rage was explosive and burned its victims in a fiery rush, but cold fury was patient and almost impossible to melt. It was preserved until justice or revenge had been taken, which meant there was no mercy.The only people who had ever seen Natasha Romanov's true rage and fury were dead. All except for Clint Barton. This was because her ice only ever made an appearance if it had to do with family. Always because she was avenging them. Until the day that she had managed to save Clint from a face from her past, and he had seen what she was capable of when she fought with a passion. True fury never formed if she was just doing her job. Oh, she could get angry, but the deeply personal tragedy required for producing ice couldn't be imitated. She needed a real reason, something that was capable of scarring her already mangled soul.The betrayal of Steve Rogers was one such reason for Natasha's ice to come into play.She had been fairly neutral in her stance of the war. While she agreed with the general idea of the Accords, Natasha's only real concern had been keeping her family together. She had believed that Steve had been a man good enough to call the shots for the world, but she knew that the world wouldn't - couldn't - stand for that, so that was why she had supported the Accords. Tony was right, they were going to happen either way, but by being a part of it they would be able to contribute to the process and make sure that it was fair for everyone involved. She had hoped to make Steve see reason, but at the airport - when she had realised that he wasn't going to stop fighting - she had let him go. She had realised that her family had fractured and her last gift to one of the members of it had been his freedom. It sucked, but Steve Rogers was a good man who was able to make the right calls, so the world would be fine.That had been a mistake.Her next mistake had been running. She knew that she couldn't stay after her actions at the airport - not without facing the wrath of Thunderbolt Ross and all the support he had drummed up. Besides, there had been nothing left for her there - not now that everyone was imprisoned or on the run. Natasha had left with a parting shot at Tony about ego because she was hurting and she had a strange series of feelings running through her chest that she just couldn't seem to identify. It took her four hours and nineteen minutes to realise that one of the prominent things she was feeling was guilt. That... That had stopped her in her tracks. That was when she finally looked at what she was doing.She was doing what everyone else had been doing for years. She was ignoring the consequences of her actions and running away from her problems. She was leaving Tony behind to handle everything and face off the world on his own. She was leaving the man the Avengers had each betrayed, behind with the emotional turmoil, self hatred and misguided guilt that he would undoubtedly feel for Rhodey, for Vision, and for the Avengers as a whole. For what the Avengers did to the world and its people. She was leaving behind the remnants of her family.Without even trying, Natasha knew that she would be unable to move another step that wasn't in the direction of the people she had left behind. The paralysed soldier, the synthetic human, and the self-made hero who would take on the universe even while he protected the world. These were the people who needed her there and then. These were people she couldn't run from. No matter what the possible consequences she would have to deal with, Natasha had to go back.When she arrived at the compound, however, it was to find Vision talking to Pepper, who must have learned about Rhodey's fall and come as quickly as she could. Vison looked... broken. His immaculate posture was replaced by a hunched back and drooping shoulders. His usually expressionless face and soothing British tones were gone in exchange for a mess of guilt, distress and worry. Pepper was looking nervous - probably worrying about Rhodey and Tony, while also trying to deny her feelings for the latter - and her usually pristine business shirt had an easily noticeable coffee stain near the collar - something the CEO was probably aware of (it was Pepper after all), but unconcerned with in the face of all that had happened recently. Natasha couldn't blame her. A lot had happened in the last few days that even she was finding hard to believe.She soon discovered that Tony had already gone after Steve and Barnes, but Vision also made sure to say that Tony was starting to susp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Is Pissed With Steve
Only A Fool Antagonises Black Widow
Natasha is cold
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Not Steve Friendly
pro Accords
Nat's motivations aren't about the people
They're about her family
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Natasha Is a Good Bro
BAMF Natasha Romanov
BAMF Natasha
Tags Are Fun
steve is a dick
not team Cap friendly
Clint gets a warning
no one else does
Scary Natasha Romanov
Dramatic Natasha Romanov
POV Multiple
Clint is an idiot
but at least he realises it
Sam is in denial
Team Cap is full of shit
Vengeful Friends
Tony Has Real Friends
Natasha has a family
Natasha is an Assassin
Let's make something clear

fandom: 
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov

