Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Iron man, I need you here, now.”Steve knows how strained his voice sounds, but seeing as he’s in the middle of single-handedly taking on what looks like an entire battalion of city-destroying robots, he thinks he can be let off. He turns unsteadily on his heel, ducking his head and shoulders behind his shield just in time; there’s the metallic thunk of bullets hitting its surface, and Steve waits only for a break of a second before pulling his arm back and flinging it in the direction the bullets came from. A series of loud crunches tell him that the shield found its mark, and he vaults over the crumpled remains of a car to snatch it back out of mid-air. He allows the momentum to carry him around, spinning around and hurling the shield again. Five robots down and he already knows that it’s not going to be enough. “Iron Man, where the hell are you?” he pants, grabbing the straps of the shield in both hands and shoving it star first into the chest-like part of the next robot before it can shoot at him. It topples backwards and Steve stoops down to wind his hand and wrist through some of its wires, roughly yanking them out and killing the robot’s power.“Yeah, be there in a moment,” Tony replies, sounding distracted. Steve can hear the whine and blast of repulsors over the comms and resists the urge to swear. Tony is the only one who can hope of getting to him; Thor and Hulk are busy on the other side of the bridge with the tanks and Natasha and Clint are busy killing their way through the building that seems to be the source of the electronic invasion, searching for whoever or whatever is in command.“Iron man-”“Five minutes, Cap,” Tony assures him. “I’ll just-”Steve doesn’t hear the rest of the sentence; a flare of heat and a whipcrack of sound, and a white-hot laser catches the top of his shoulder, close to his neck. It sears through the suit and he feels his skin burn. Staggering back a step, he raises the shield and flings himself to the floor, rolling behind the car he’d vaulted over earlier.“I need you five minutes ago!” Steve yells, raising an arm instinctively to cover his face as a laser hits the pavement a metre away, shattering the asphalt and sending dirt and rocks showering over him. Fuck, his only saving grace is the fact the damn things take so long to recharge. If they could fire as quickly as he can throw his shield, he’d be dead by now. He coughs, shaking dust and dirt out of his eyes. “Tony, I’m – I’m in trouble here.”“Okay,” Tony replies instantly. “Cap, I’m coming.”Steve’s not sure if he believes him, despite how quick the answer was. Panting and trying his best to ignore the pain in his shoulder, he springs from behind the car and smashes a robot with the edge of his shield. He takes out two, then three, and then something hard and hot hits him in the small of his back. He grunts in pain and wheels around, just in time to take a vicious uppercut to the jaw from an armoured fist.“Cap? Cap, hold on, I’m on the way,” Tony is saying, and he sounds urgent in a way Steve has never heard before. Great, he thinks as he spits out a mouthful of blood and scrambles to his feet. Now Tony gives a shit about listening to me in battle.His attacker is the biggest bot he’s seen yet; easily seven feet tall and bulky in a way the others aren’t. Steve has a moment in which to feel thankful that it has neither gun nor laser, but then his shield is ripped unceremoniously from his hands and tossed away, and the thought is gone.He dodges a punch that could have shattered his sternum, deflects another with his forearm. The robot advances, pressing him backwards against the ruined car. He punches it as hard as he can and the metal buckles, sparks flying from the wiring near the dent. He goes to hit it again, but his wrist is grabbed and forced aside, and then metal fingers grab him by the throat, tightening slowly. He chokes, trying to breathe in, but the fingers get tighter and tighter, and why the damn thing is trying to throttle him when it could easily break his neck he doesn’t know.With his free hand, Steve grasps the robot’s right arm and twists it violently backwards. There’s a metallic screech and sparks fly from the centre console, and Steve grits his teeth and pulls harder, the metal buckling between his fingers. If he can just push it back far enough, then-The robot’s left hand lets go of his throat so suddenly it leaves him reeling dizzily, gasping for oxygen. Heart pounding in his ears, he raises his free hand to grab for the wires he can see snaking out of the column that serves as a spine, knowing that if he pulls enough free then he’ll be able to take it out. He reaches up, towards the wires.The robot’s left hand shoots forwards and he instinctively tenses, but to his surprise the hand goes past him. It’s so quick he doesn’t even have time to process what’s happening. His fingers brush against the wir
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Multiverse
Canon-Typical Violence
Killer Robots
Steve gets stabbed
Not Really Character Death
Coma
Steve is FINE
Steve meets Steves
Tony Feels
Steve Feels
Lots of Steves
Tony Needs a Hug
Magic sucks
Guest starring a bunch of Steves who died in different universes
but they're cool with it

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

