Work Text:
"Wake up, Wayne, we’ve got a problem.""Luthor, it's four am. Even the Joker is asleep now. Call back at a halfway civilized hour," Bruce sighed, snuggling down in his  lavender-scented linen sheets and pushing his phone away. "Code 22. That bunch of morons Tony’s been sponsoring have decided that the law doesn't apply to them and trashed an airport in Leipzig after chewing up a chunk of Bucharest and Berlin.” Bruce was out of bed and yanking on the clothing Alfred had left out before Lex finished his sentence.“What is it with Tony and superhero teams? The other members seem to have been picked to provide comic relief and/or utter stupidity.” “In his defense, Tony didn’t get to pick this bunch, although he did once date Tiberius Stone, may his stocks never rise above $0.02 a share. Although Stone isn’t competent enough to be a supervillain. I digress. Not surprisingly, Team Idiot is now mostly in jail, after damn near killing Tony’s buddy Rhodes- he’s in ICU right now with spinal injuries  which are hopefully treatable considering our collective genius. The Vision's not up to much right now, since he's the one who shot Rhodes down in a friendly fire incident. Romanov is in the wind after tasing King T'Challa of Wakanda, who's gunning for the guy who killed his father. Now Tony's off chasing down that overgrown science experiment Rogers and his freezer-burned BFF, the Winter Soldier AKA James Buchanan Barnes. FRIDAY says he's heading for Siberia. Put on that ridiculous Batsuit-""Which I don't have-" He headed towards the BatCave."-which I'm pretending you don't have and pick me up in ten minutes. We have a genius to rescue. Then we’ll do something about your atrocious fashion sense.""On it. FRIDAY's sending me the coordinates." Alfred materialized as Bruce started suiting up. “Alfred, Tony will be visiting us for a little while.”“Very good, sir. I’ll make sure there are some mechanical repairs for him to work on.”Lex sighed. "Why can't we introduce him to some sane superheroes? Wonder Woman seems a decent sort, for an Amazon princess/demigoddess.""Lex, Tony would either hit on her and be gruesomely murdered-""We'd avenge him-oops." Bruce could hear the smirk in Lex’s voice."-or she'd think he was adorable and keep him as a pet. Probably the latter, because he's likely to resemble a kicked puppy when we find him. On second thought, that's a great idea. Note to self, detour and pick up Diana."Lex snorted. “Well, if nothing else she can beat up the science experiment and company.”“Did you seriously say BFF?”“Since Rogers’ emotional age appears to be about twelve, it seemed appropriate.”“I will put Master Tony in his usual room, with Ms. Prince across the hall. She is quite competent at dealing with genius under stress.”“Thank you, Alfred,“ Lex chipped in. “She was very helpful when we had to talk you out of investing in that fringe cosmetics company.”“It was a good investment!” Bruce protested.“It was run by a supervillain, Bruce. That’s generally a bad sign. Especially when she’s calling herself Poison Ivy. That just screams, ‘Do not pass go, do not collect $200, run like hell to the nearest exit.’”“Diana did a fantastic job of handling your last fiancee, I must admit,” Bruce shot back. “I don’t mind being rescued from a beautiful and kickass woman by an even more beautiful and kickass woman,” Lex cheerfully admitted. “I mind when I have to mastermind your rescue while simultaneously attending a cocktail party where I’m supposed to be a vapid twit. Luckily Tony was available to help handle the heroics by playing distraction while Diana hauled you out of there. Also, there’s nothing wrong with my fashion sense, thank you.”Alfred glanced up from his StarkPad and calmly announced, “Colonel Rhodes will be transferred to a facility here in Gotham tomorrow morning. I have already begun the necessary contacts for procedures to repair his spinal injuries. Doctor Helen Cho has been most helpful. FRIDAY has sent a StarkJet to collect Master Lex and it will arrive in ninety seconds, then come for Sir and myself, as I will be acting as medic on this expedition. Ms. Prince has been notified and we will pick her up en route.”“Alfred, think kindly of me when you rule the world,” Lex said cheerily. “I endeavor to serve, Master Lex. Ms. Prince is not at all impressed with Mr. Rogers' general behavior and disposition. Also, he insulted her at that superhero ball three months ago. It is highly unwise to tell an Amazon that she’s in very good shape for a woman.” Bruce winced. Rogers apparently did have a death wish. “Ms. Prince seemed rather pleased at the possibility of lassoing Mr. Rogers, though we may have to persuade her not to strangle him with it. ”“Just a teensy strangling?” Lex pleaded. Bruce snickered as he started up the stairs towards the manor’s back lawn.“We shall discuss that when we see what kind of shape Master Tony is in.” “My ride’s here! See you in two minutes.” “If you show up in a purple suit I’m go
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Bruce Wayne
Lex Luthor & Tony Stark
Lex Luthor & Bruce Wayne

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Crack Treated Seriously
Civil War Team Iron Man
Billionaire Boys Club
Friendship
Alfred Secretly Rules The World
Bruce Has Lousy Fashion Sense
Bruce and Lex are So Very Done With Team Cap
Billionaires To The Rescue
Tony Stark is Talked About But Does Not Appear
yet - Freeform
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Lex is a good bro
Diana Is Terrifying And Sensible
FRIDAY is Alfred's Protege

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Bruce Wayne
Lex Luthor & Tony Stark
Lex Luthor & Bruce Wayne

