Work Text:
Bucky knew treasure. He knew precious gems and priceless artifacts. Gold and silver. Fine silk. Lost pieces of history and the kind of wealth Kings would envy if they ever saw it. A dragon was an expert on treasure.His hoard had grown over the decades that he’d existed but it was missing something.He prowled through Shield, eyes taking in agents who kept to the opposite side of the hallway and others who stared at him with obvious envy. Bucky had long since learned that humans coveted his impossibly long lifespan, the youth he so effortlessly kept, and because of this sought to entice him into claiming them.It never worked.Bucky slipped into the meeting room, caught Steve’s eye and dropped into a nearby chair. At the front of the room an agent droned on about a mission and Bucky scanned the room until his eyes locked with a pair of bright doe-brown eyes.
Mine
The feeling slammed into him. The need to own. To treasure.To hoard.Every single instinct surged to the front of his awareness and his eyes narrowed slightly, body tense and senses alert, as he took in the human the brown eyes belonged to. There was obvious youth, late teens or early twenties, in the undeniably beautiful features. The beautiful brown eyes held intelligence, mischief and curiosity as they gazed back at him.Bucky’s eyes flicked over the human, took in the soft clothes and the oil-stained hands that were playing with a piece of technology. It looked far too high-tech to be Shield and the fingers moving over it were far too knowing for it to be anything but the creation of the human holding it.
Mine mine mine mine
It chanted repeatedly over and over in his mind.Everything in him wanted to close the distance between the tempting human and himself. It was only his own iron clad control that kept him seated. Steve made a soft questioning sound and Bucky tore his eyes away from the treasure in front of him.Blue eyes stared at him with a hint of concern and Bucky knew he must look on edge. He barely managed a sub vocal response, treasure mine, because it was all he could manage and Steve’s eyes widened in realization.To see a human as treasure was the equivalent of finding a mate.The intrinsic magic inside of him wanted to reach out, wrap around the human and sink into his very being in a permanent claim. A claim that would bind the human to his very existence. It would keep him safe, increase his life expectancy to match Bucky’s and, most importantly, time would not be able to steal him away.His hands rested in his lap, curled in his pants, as he waited for the meeting to finish. Steve didn’t drag out his usual questions and instead seemed almost desperate to speed things along.Bucky knew it was because his fellow dragon knew Bucky was barely holding himself back.Agents mercifully filed out of the room and the object of his attention strolled over to Steve, an amused grin tugging soft-looking lips, and Bucky knew he’d lost control of his human visage.His eyes, teeth and a hint of his scales had become visible. It took everything to reign it back in before the human noticed.Bucky slowly stood and prowled towards Steve, towards his treasure. He could feel the heavy gem weighing down his pocket, the gold bands next to it, as he came to a stop.He breathed in the scent belonging to the human and couldn’t bite back a rumble of satisfaction, a sound of pleasure, at what he found. The human called to him even more. It was a song meant only for him and he desperately wanted to stash the human away with his hoard so no one else could possibly take him.It was luck that Steve had not felt the same call or Bucky would have been forced to challenge him.“Bucky…this is Tony. Tony this is Bucky.”Tony’s brown eyes lit up with knowledge and a grin tugged at his lips. The excited happiness on his face made him impossibly more beautiful. A hand was held out, meant for him to shake, but Bucky found himself carefully wrapping a gold band around Tony’s wrist.Steve’s breathing stilled in his chest.Tony blinked at the gold encircling his wrist and looked up at Bucky, head tilted in curiosity, as he clearly waited for some kind of answer. Bucky forced himself not to haul the human up and take him away.It was very, very hard.“Thank you?” Tony’s lips quirked and amusement filled his rich brown eyes. Bucky fell a little bit in love with the precious treasure in front of him.Tony didn’t give it back.He kept it.Accepted it.Bucky’s muscles relaxed, the tension he’d been carrying easing. “It suits you.” His voice was rough and Steve made a choked, strangled sound again. The temptation to throw the other dragon out of the window was near overwhelming.Instead he settled on a subtle, low growl.“So you’re Bucky Barnes.” Tony continued, still standing before him and still wearing the gold band. “Steve wouldn’t shut up about you when I was fixing that terrible excuse of a suit Shield gave him. And he was still going on about you when I was giving him a weapon that would ac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dragon Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Creature Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Tony Stark
Mates
Claiming
Dragon Steve Rogers
Age Difference
Magic
Magical Bucky Barnes
Magical Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Dragons are Known
Alternate Universe
Canon Divergence - No Hydra Takeover
treasure
Pampering
dragon instincts
Butt Plugs
Barebacking
Size Difference
Size Kink
Dragons instead of Super Soldiers
Manhandling
Praise Kink
Body Worship
Fluff and Smut
Lust at First Sight
POV Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Bonding
Mating Bond
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

