Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Loki stood with his chin held high, newborn son sleeping soundly in his arms, his newborn son with pale skin and golden hair. He looked decidedly unlike his husband Thrym standing at his side, gruff, bald, and with leathery blue skin. He definitely resembled a certain prince of Asgard Loki may have had a rendezvous with on his last night of freedom before this damned marriage.
His father, sitting at his throne and giving Loki the most exasperated look he could manage, cleared his throat. “Well, Loki? Do you wish to explain yourself?”
"Not particularly."
Laufey rolled his eyes. “Loki.”
Loki shifted his weight from one foot to the other, glancing over to his husband, looking away quickly as he was met with a murderous glare. “If it’s any consolation, I really did think was my darling husband’s offspring.” He hadn’t thought that of course, he just hopped that he’d be lucky enough to have a child that resembled him.
As with many things in Loki’s life, the Norns had fucked him over.
Thrym scoffed. 
Laufey’s eyes hardened. “Who.”
"I had a lot to drink that night, I cannot be entirely-"
His father leaned forward, voice carrying even more in the giant hall and vibrating in Loki’s chest. “Loki.”
He hesitated another moment, biting his lip hard. His son woke with a gurgle, blue eyes blinking open and little hands reaching up. “Odin’s son. Thor,” he finally said, somewhat more meekly than intended.
Thrym growled, punching the column of ice closest to him and cracking it. The baby began wailing in his arms at the noise and Loki tried his best to calm him down.
Thrym jabbed his finger in Loki’s direction and snarled, “I will not raise this child, nor will I stay married to your whore of a son. Our deal is finished, Laufey.”
His father sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Yes, I understand and I will talk to you about the terms shortly, please go.”
Thrym turned and gave Loki one last dirty look before stomping away. Loki rolled his eyes, rocking and patting his sons back as he finally began to quiet down.
"I honestly don’t know why you expected this marriage to work anyways, Thrym never liked me.”
Laufey pinched harder. “This marriage was for the benefit of the kingdom, Loki. It would’ve have worked out just fine if you hadn’t gone and done that,”  he said as he gestured to the bundle in Loki’s arms.
"It’s not like I wanted to get pregnant, father. I just wanted one more thrill before I was strapped to that bundle of fun.” He jerked his head back towards the doors Thrym had just left from.
"You realize I will have to deal an angry, bitter Thrym now, right?"
"Is there any other version of him?"
"And at least you’ve never had to kiss him. I’d rather battle tongues with a bilgesnipe,” he added with a shudder.
Laufey shook his head, slumping back into his throne. “What will I do with you… and him.”
Loki looked down at his son’s dozing face, smiling softly and shrugging his shoulders. “I think he’s pretty cute.”
His father sighed again. “I will have to speak with Odin…”
Loki walked closer to the throne. “Oh father, you must let me be the one to give Thor the news.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

freeform: 
Mpreg
Arranged Marriage
Jötunn Loki
Laufey is so sick of Loki's shit

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Other(s)

