Chapter 1



Notes:
Thank you for taking the time to read my story. I am not gonna lie - this fic is hard. It's been very difficult to write, due to it's content and direction, and I jump off the deep end in the first chapter. There are triggers in this chapter and in this whole story.TRIGGER WARNING. PLEASE READ TAGS. I don't want to spoil anything that is to come in a chapter, as I don't enjoy trigger warnings that spoil chapter plot lines at the beginning of certain stories I read, and have decided to make an active choice not to do that. HOWEVER, I want every reader to beware. If you have triggers of any kind - assume they ARE included in this story and be careful making the choice to read it or not.This story feels very vulnerable to me and I feel raw after writing this chapter. It hurts. It's painful to write, so I'm gonna guess it's not an easy read either.This is a story that has weighed heavily on my mind for a long, long time. I'm using this fic to somehow finally put some words to some emotions I've been carrying with me.I do not condone the actions of rape or abuse in this story. This is a hurt/comfort and recovery fic with emphasis on healing and support post-abuse.Please note that there are explicit, violent, and hard to read scenes throughout this fic.I encourage anyone who is triggered or has gone through rape and/or abuse - please reach out. Please get help. Feel free to message me, even, I'm very happy to listen and help in any way I can. You are not alone and you are strong.I'm on tumblr - https://www.tumblr.com/blog/jdramione - I love meeting new people and would love to talk to you!A HUGE thank you to my Beta, whose name I don't have permission to use as of yet, but still want to give a huge THANK YOU to. She's completely amazing and I'm so thrilled she has held my hand through this amazing process.Please leave a kudos and a review. I have worked so hard on this story, and hope you are able to connect to it on some level. Let me know what you think! Please note that I take all reviews to heart, so please be constructive in your criticism.***

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 *** She was so fucking cold. Freezing actually.  The kind of icy chill that Darcy had never felt before.  At first it had been an uncomfortable tightening of skin, goosebumps covering her body, causing her extreme stress and tension.  Anxiety flooded through her when she realized there hadn’t been a way to warm up, causing full-body shivering that she couldn’t stop. She’d been held captive in this…place for weeks.   Cold and alone.   They tied her up in a new, more awful position every time.  Her restraints getting tighter, her chains shorter, her discomfort greater.   Sometimes they’d position her hands in front of her body, and she hated that she felt gratitude when they granted her any measure of comfort.  When they hoisted her hands upwards with the chain, the weight of her body pulled the cuffs into her wrists, bruising and cutting.  Each agonizing pull reopened wounds and refractured limbs.  She was never able to turn her head to see what had been going on, what they’d be trying to do in that moment, but once she’d heard the resounding clang of chain against the concrete wall, the finishing tug echoing through her brain like a gong, screams forced their way out of her...  Each time.  Her wrists seared in agony, her body screaming, her mind crying out for them to just stop.  It hurt  so  much.   Numerous times in an attempt to escape, she’d twisted her wrists as they were pulled upwards, the metal cuffs cutting past the thin skin of her wrists until she’d bled.  The first time, she had watched the small trickles of blood making their way down her arms, like syrup from a maple tree. She’d been to a maple tree farm once when she was young.  She remembered the tour guide showing her how they would drill into the tree to tap it, creating a tap hole big enough to insert the spile.  At the time, she’d thought it cruel to stab the trees so harshly, to drill into them and plunge something deep to pull something out.  She had felt sorry for the tree. When the blood had first dribbled down her arms, in that moment, her mind went back to that time and once again and more empathetically, she felt sick with sympathy for the harshness in what people did to maple trees.   Being forced to hang from the metal cuffs around her wrists had been truly terrible, especially that first time, and she had wept furiously.  At the unfairness of it, from the pain of it, the torture - she couldn’t understand.   
 What had she done?   
 But the worst of it had been in the most recent of days, when they'd taken to keeping her hands bound tightly  behind  her.   There was no way to give herself any semblance of heat or warmth, not even the tiniest ability of friction by attempting to rub her hands together and taking away the ability to cross her arms to contain any body heat she could pos
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Injury
Recovery
Rape Recovery
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Injury Recovery
Abuse
Abduction
Kidnapping
Trust Issues
Dom/sub
Self-Harm
Eating Disorders
Depression
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Non-Consensual Touching
Touch-Starved
Sad
Trauma
Bucky Barnes Feels
Darcy Lewis Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Hurt Darcy Lewis
Nightmares
Sexual Assault
Assault
Darcy injured
Darcy hurt
Darcy kidnapped
darcy abducted
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
injured
Kidnapped
Rescue
Vulnerability
Kneeling
Bathing/Washing
Hand Feeding
BDSM
Safewords
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hurt
Rape
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Therapy

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

