Work Text:

Peter noticed when Tony - his dad, he can call him that now, it was discussed - he noticed when his dad became incredibly tense after a phone call with somebody from the Accords’ Council. That made Peter uncomfortable, because everything had been going well on that side. Tony never left him out of it, thinking it important for him to be fully aware of what was going on for when he signed, because there was no question if there was. Even if Peter just wanted to carry on being his neighbourhood-friendly Spider-Man, he couldn’t do it after his eighteenth without signing the accords. 

His dad had been able to work out for him to keep his identity a secret because he was still a minor and he was personally watching over him to make sure nothing went wrong. If something large happened, such as another alien invasion, then he would have to sign as soon as was appropriate; whether there was time to do so before the attack, which presumably there would be a tiny amount, or if it was afterwards and they had saved the planet as long as he didn’t die. 

He was training so that it was more unlikely that he 

would 

die in case of such an event, but you never know what to expect - you also never know how sacrificing you become until the moment demands it. 

They 

were

 aiming to avoid his death at all times if they could help it though. There was also the matter of training himself to use the strength he has to his advantage, both when he’s Peter Parker and as Spider-Man, because control was something he needed in both situations. 

However they figured out that he would probably be able to throw Captain America through walls, or at least 

into 

one. 

For a couple of days, he allows his dad to stew on his own, giving him the time and space he undoubtedly needs, even going back to Aunt May’s at the weekend when he usually spends it all with his dad these days. 

He finds out why on the news - the Rogues have been given pardons (for the most part) and are allowed back into the Avengers and onto Avengers’ property, even if it isn’t 

technically

 Avengers property. The Compound belongs to his dad, as he owns the building, and the Accords Council pays for, essentially, rent, as well as anything to be stored there. They also fund for the majority of weapons provided there. 

It was actually Rhodey who put his foot down on that one, because while Tony 

did technically

 have the money to provide for the Avengers, theoretically, he also has many other priorities that don’t include the Avengers. Not to mention the fact that he has little to say in the actual Avengers business, since there are so many Avengers now. He’s the Accords’ liason more than anything. Rhodey goes with him, and Rhodey was the one to say that if they wanted everybody on the team to follow the Accords, they’d have to provide equipment. 

Some Avengers have permanent homes there if they want to, for a decent rent as well, in Peter’s opinion. Some Avengers are, admittedly, being kept there to be under observation - like the Rogues. Any sign that they’re going to disobey any order and they’re out of the place faster than you can say “New Avengers” apparently. 

But that must be what has his dad on edge now, and unfortunately there’s nothing that can be done about their arrival. 

Instead he tells Aunt May that he’ll be spending the whole week with his dad the week before they’re due to arrive, trying to distract him as much as possible with inane questions he already knows the answer to or doesn’t need to. 

His dad knows, that much is obvious, but Peter would be insulted if he weren’t aware of what he’s doing. But the smiles he gets sometimes on his face let him know that the effort is appreciated and not entirely wasted all of the time. 

He still doesn’t know what happened in Siberia. Nobody does except for his dad, probably Rhodey, maybe Pepper, and quite possibly a therapist. 

The doctors who worked on his dad to keep him alive when he was first brought in by Vision know what the results of what happened were, but they didn’t know how he got them. He was under close watch for two weeks before they let up, and he knows it’s not just because the SI legal team could sue them for all their worth's and their houses worth's. 

The closer to the end of the week it gets, the more antsy his dad gets. They arrive at nine on Monday morning, and it’s currently Saturday just after five. They ordered pizza, like they always do, but it’s clear his dad is looking for something to occupy his hands, so instead he takes him down to the lab and lets him work to his heart’s content, mostly watching and eating two full pizzas and some mozzarella sticks to himself, but it’s entirely calm and domestic and this is the kind of thing he likes to do with his dad. 

Perhaps if he weren’t so tired. He forgot to account the time it takes to get from the tower to Queens when patrolling. Even if it’s just a short half-hour drive, and an even shorter swing, he forgets 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Friday

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
Father-Son Relationship
Protective Peter Parker
Snark
Fluff
Kinda
lil bit of angst
also kinda - Freeform

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Friday

