Chapter 1





Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.) "Ok, so your old friend was brainwashed by Hydra, and has been assassinating people for over seventy years," Tony said, after he found his way to Rogers' hospital room, thanks to TV news and a hospital staff friendly to Iron Man who naturally would want to see his teammate. The teammate who hadn't called him when shit went down. Rogers had been all bubbly happy to tell Tony all about his bestie who was so wonderful despite being the Winter Soldier for Hydra."No, he didn't," Rogers said, and the guy sitting next to his hospital bed nodded."You can't put the blame on him," the man said, scowling at Tony as if he'd kicked a puppy. "He had no choice."Tony waved. "I'm not saying he wanted to do it, but the fact is, he DID.""No, he didn't," Rogers said. "He saved me. He's my friend. We have to find him, Tony."Tony blinked. "Pretty sure if he's been doing this for seventy years, he's a lot better at hiding than we are at seeking.""So, you aren't even going to TRY? Captain America asks for your help, and you're going to pass, because it's too hard?" Rogers' visitor spoke up again."Who the hell are you?" Tony asked. "And what business is this of yours?""Sam Wilson." Wilson put his chin up proudly. "I was there with Steve, when you weren't. We took down Hydra and threw all their records into the internet.""What?""Hydra infiltrated SHIELD," Rogers said. "They tried to kill me." He sounded annoyed. "Nat and I were on the run and we didn't know who was Hydra, so we went to Sam. I met him the other day when I was jogging. He's a counselor at the VA. And it was lucky we did, because he's a pararescue and pilot for the...what was it... EXO-Wing?"Tony's jaw dropped. "What?" he said again."He's an Avenger now," Rogers said firmly."What the everliving fuck? Wait. Let's back up a minute here. I heard there were three helicarriers dropped in the Potomac. That's all I heard. What's this about Hydra and records? And the EXO-wing? That... no, that program was cancelled. They mothballed the prototypes.""We liberated it," Wilson said, sternly. "It was... you broke into an army base and stole my EXO-wing?""Yours?" For the first time Wilson stopped glaring at Tony. "Hey, great. You can build me another one then, the first one got smashed to hell."Tony opened and shut his mouth, soundlessly, and then he turned his attention back to Rogers. "Setting that aside for the moment... records?""Nat put all of SHIELD's records on the internet," Steve said, smiling broadly. "All of the Hydra double agents' identities will be revealed.""Jesus Christ." Tony pulled out his phone. "JARVIS, emergency, search for any mention of SHIELD on the internet, locate all the agents you can, and their families, personal information, whatever you can get. Get any tech, especially of mine, any missions, anything sensitive. Bury it on the Stark Dark web.""I regret that much of the released data has already been downloaded multiple times," JARVIS replied."Track the downloads, cross correlate with any unusual activity..."Rogers scowled and interrupted him, "These secrets should be aired!""I don't fucking believe you." Tony turned from him. "JARVIS, activate all functional armors, send them to protect the agents most at risk, inform local law enforcement wherever they have a chance of getting there first. Anything I've overlooked, use your own initiative. Send my suit, now." Tony slipped the phone back into his jacket pocket. "Congratulations, you've probably killed more SHIELD agents than your friend Barnes.""Bucky's innocent!" Rogers said. "And when I find him, I'm going to make him an Avenger."Tony backed up. "That's NUTS. Do you know Romanov investigated me for weeks before Fury would tell me anything about the Avengers. And then he told me I wasn't good enough. I'm STILL only a fucking consultant! But you can just make this guy and your zombie assassin friend Avengers on your say so?""You never were a team player, Stark!" Rogers snapped. "You never take orders! That's why you're only a consultant."Tony blinked once more. He softened his voice. "And now that you've destroyed SHIELD, you're the only authority? You own the Avengers?" Tony smiled without humor. "Enjoy it, boss. I'm out of here."The suit flew through the door and assembled around Tony. Before he left the room, he heard Rogers tell Wilson, "Don't worry about Stark. He needs us."Yeah, Tony thought, as he took off, looking at the display showing the nearest agents in trouble, one blinked red and then vanished, too late... I need you like a hole in the head. Avengers was a stupid name anyway. "JARVIS, call the contractors to gut the Avengers' rooms in the Tower. I could use more lab space. Oh, and order a new sign for the building. Stark Tower is back in 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Team Tony
Pre-Civil War Team Iron Man
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Sam Wilson Friendly
Missing Scene

fandom: 
None
