Work Text:
It rained the day they buried Rhodey. Tony hung back rather than approach Rhodey's family. Just like he'd done at Aunt Peggy's funeral, he remained an unobtrusive presence at the back of the church during the service. He followed the mourners to the gravesite because he couldn't help himself, but still kept his distance. The press, many of whom had shown up because they thought Tony would be there, lost interest when they realized he wasn't - but not before Rhodey's little sister had a screaming fit at them for ignoring her brother's privacy. The press were promptly escorted out by military officials and Tony...Tony just felt numb.The gravesite service was very short. In less than an hour, the mourners were walking away and the coffin was being lowered into the ground.  Tony waited until everyone was gone before he approached the grave. It was pouring so he was soaked to the skin in seconds, but he didn't care. He looked down at the coffin, which was the best that money could buy. Literally. He'd paid for the funeral and had made sure that no expense was spared. Rhodey deserved to have the best because he'd been the best friend anyone could ask for.He should've said something, but for once in his life words failed him. What was he supposed to say? The Avengers were torn apart. Steve, Sam, Clint, Wanda and Scott had run off to Wakanda (and who the fuck did they think they were fooling?). Natasha was in the wind. Vision had been spending a lot of time at Xavier's, learning about the world from people who could actually teach him. Pepper was off being the successful CEO of Stark Industries; they weren't together anymore, so she was keeping her distance because Tony was a piece of shit boyfriend who couldn't make anyone happy.He stood there for a long, throat too tight to allow a single word to pass through, alternating between looking at the grave and the tombstone (Loving Son and Brother, Honored Colonel, James Rhodes, 1966 - 2017). There was no sun to go down, but it did start to get dark. Two men came holding shovels, and that was what finally broke Tony out of his trance. He didn't want anyone to recognize him, so he left the grave - and his best, last, friend - behind.Tony went back to the tower because there was nowhere else for him to go. He bypassed the communal floor that the Avengers used to share - because tonight, of all nights, he couldn't bear to sit there and remember how things had been two months ago, when the Avengers were still a team - and went straight up to his personal floor. FRIDAY tried to talk to him, but Tony muted her. She tried but she wasn't JARVIS, and most of the time that realization was more than Tony could take. He should've gone down to the workshop. Working was the only thing that he was good at anymore. Instead, he sat on the couch with a glass of whiskey and stared at the city until, thanks to the alcohol and a week without having slept, he passed out.That was the night he had the first dream. And really, Tony wasn't even sure you could call it a dream. It was all sensation more than anything else, fleeting images of hands stroking his bare skin and voices whispering praise and compliments. In the dream, he soaked it up like a sponge and wanted more, and they gave it to him without holding anything back. Kisses were pressed to his hair and face, and then he was invited to kneel at someone's feet and then praised for obeying. Simple, short but sweet, and Tony woke up craving more of it."What the fuck was that?" he asked out loud to the empty room, and because FRIDAY was on mute she couldn't even answer. He sat up from where he'd been slumped back against the couch and rubbed his neck, expecting it to be aching from the weird position he'd slept in. It didn't hurt, though. Actually, it was just the opposite. For the first time in weeks, nothing hurt and he wasn't tired.Bemused, he got up and went downstairs to get to work. He spent all day in the workshop.That night, in the dream, he was spanked for not eating anything all day. Then he was pulled into warm arms and soothed, until they coaxed a promise out of him to eat at least once a day. Tony gave the promise readily enough, stuttering the words out as a hand stroked his hair in praise.He woke up with his ass still warm from the spanking. It wasn't right. Tony knew that. Of course he did. Dreams shouldn't be having an effect on his real life. He shouldn't dream about being fed strawberries and wake up with the taste of the juice on his lips. He shouldn't dream about a metal hand stroking his chest and stomach and wake up with the chill of the metal present on his skin. He shouldn't dream about spending hours on his knees and wake up to find that his knees were pleasantly sore. He shouldn't dream about his hands being bound and wake up to find red marks around his wrists.They were more than dreams.The list of people that could give him dreams like that was pretty small. At the top of the list was Xavier, Jean Gre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Light BDSM
Dom Loki
Sub Tony
Switch Bucky
loki wants to rule the world
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki Needs a Hug
Bucky needs a hug
everyone needs a hug really
off screen character death
rhodey dies during the fall in civil war
and it leaves tony completely off kilter
Loneliness
Isolation
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
tony stark is everyone's scapegoat
but that stops here
Possessive Loki
Evil Loki
Evil Bucky Barnes
Evil Tony Stark
more like a pecursor to evil tony stark
he's not even really evil
he just wants to be love
Touch-Starved
Touch-Starved Tony Stark
Nicknames
loki wants to own everyone and everything
Spanking
Dreams
tony stark doesn't want to fight anymore
the world has pushed tony too far
Loki Does What He Wants
loki was brainwashed in the avengers movie
he has a lot in common with bucky
Established Relationship
between loki and bucky
Pre-Slash
between tony and loki and bucky
kind of the relationship isn't established until the end
tony just wants to be good
loki and bucky can show him how to be good
loki is going to rule earth
bucky is okay with watching the world burn
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
tony thinks some harsh things about him
but they're not untrue
Depression
PTSD
three fucked up individuals becoming a team
a team that no one else will see coming

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark

