Chapter 1





Chapter Text

From the End of Broken---



“Captain Rogers.” Colonel James Rhodes stood stiffly in the common area, wings so dark blue they were almost black tucked behind his shoulders, looking bruised and battered, but fierce as hell. “Thank you for meeting me, and for not involving the rest of the family.”




“Colonel.” Steve greeted him, his own wings raising in welcome and reached to shake his hand. “It’s no problem. What can I do for you?”




“Captain Rogers–”




“Wait.” Steve came around the couch, folding his arms. “Um, where’s Tony? We haven’t heard from him since he landed in Afghanistan. How did the weapons demonstration go?”




Rhodes seemed like he tensed even further, his wings shaking slightly and something awful rocked through Steve’s body.




“Rhodes.” he said slowly. “Where’s Tony? Why are you here and he isn’t?”




The Colonel’s next words made Steve’s knees give out, made him collapse onto the couch.




“Steve. We don’t know where Tony is.”


 

*******************


Chapter One


*******************

 

“What do you mean you don’t know where he is?” Steve growled the words, and he jumped to his feet, golden wings flaring out angrily. “Tell me what happened 

now.”


 

“Everything was fine.” Rhodes said wearily. “Everything was fine, the weapons demonstration went fine and the convoy was on it's way back to base and—“

 

“And 

what

?!”

 

“And something exploded. Everything exploded. Damn it Steve it was like--” The Colonel was usually completely composed, completely calm, a complete contrast to the ball of energy that was Tony Stark, but now he just looked defeated. Defeated and 

angry 

and closer to tears than Steve had ever seen him. 

 

“Steve.” Rhodes dropped onto the couch, his head in his hands, wings drooping in exhaustion. “I don't know. I just don't. One minute everything was fine. Tony made some crack about me not riding in the Fun-Vee, because I had to stay in the Hum-Drum-Vee or something and that was it. I told him I'm see him back at base, and then everything was exploding and damn it, so many soldiers just-- just kids, man. They were just kids.” 

 

“I'm sorry.” Steve forced his wings back, his voice to lower. “Colonel I'm sorry about your men. Are you alright?”

 

“I'm fine.” The Alpha showed him the cast on his wrist. “Busted my wrist but nothing that's going to keep me from doing my job.” 

 

“You’re going to find him, right?” Steve asked, and he hated that he sounded insecure and maybe like he was pleading, but Tony was missing. His 

Alpha 

was missing. 

 

“Of course I am.” Rhodes said firmly. “There’s no way in hell I'm not going after him.” 

 

“James!” Their talk was interrupted when the elevator dinged, and Pepper stepped out of it, looking as beautiful as always in a grey pinstripe suit, her hair done up in some delicate design. “I'm so glad you’re here!”

 

She nearly ran across the room and Rhodes stood to pick her up in a hug, his dark blue wings wrapping up and around her, covering her tiny frame completely. They had an interesting relationship, Pepper and Rhodes did. Pepper took suppressants to mute her Omega biology, and never expressed any interest sex per se, but she always seemed to be particularly drawn to the Alpha in a way that she wasn't drawn to anyone else. 

 

Rhodes of course, was head over heels for the beautiful Omega, from her delicate feet to the pale pink wings on her back and everything in between, and took every opportunity he could to see her. 

 

He hated that this time was under such awful circumstances.

 

“It’s been too long since we’ve seen each other.” Pepper was saying as he set her back down carefully, her hands on his chest. “What brings you by? Oh, dropping off Tony, right? Rude for him to run off to get a shower and leave you down here! You should have called me and we could have had dinner waiting for you.” She glanced down at his wrist. “What happened to your wrist?”

 

The Colonel sent a look at Steve, then took Peppers hands. “Pepper--”

 

“James.” She answered, her eyes narrowing. “Why are you hurt? Where is Tony?” 

 

“Tony--” Rhodes took a deep breath. “Tony is missing. There was an attack, and we lost several soldiers and Tony-- we don't know where Tony is.” 

 

“Missing.” Pepper repeated, and Rhodes grabbed her when her knees gave out, horror flashing across her face. “Our Alpha is missing. Oh- oh god.” 

 

“Easy.” The Alpha set her on the couch carefully, kneeling to keep holding her hands. “You alright?”

 

“No, of course I'm not alright!” Pepper snatched her hands away and jumped back to her feet, pacing for a moment before stopping in front of him, hands on her hips, wings raised aggressively. “Colonel you need to tell me everything that happened right now. Do not leave anything out or so help me god I’ll drop you back in that desert myself.” 

 

“Yes ma’am. Um first should we--”

 

“

Speak

, Colonel.” Pepper snapped. “I am waiting. You had one job. 

One

. That w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark
Tony Stark/ Sam Wilson
tony stark/ Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark/ Clint Barton
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Wingfic
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha Tony Stark
Pre-Iron Man 1
Polyamory
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
TW Mentions of Torture
tw mentions of depression
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Heavy Angst
Angst and Feels
Eventual Smut
Family Bonding
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Omega Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Omega Clint Barton
Explicit Sexual Content
Captain America: Civil War Angst
CACW Angst
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Obadiah Stane - Freeform
Tony Stark Has Issues
Bucky Barnes Remembers
fluff and smut and angst
Eventual Fluff
Happily Ever After
Everything is ok
everyone loves tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark
Tony Stark/ Sam Wilson
tony stark/ Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark/ Clint Barton
Tony Stark/Avengers Team

