Chapter 1: Edge On [Bucky/Tony - edging]
    


Summary:

Tony is perfectly suited to the task at hand, namely: edging Bucky until he cries.(Square I2 - Edging/Edge Play)



Notes:
Relationship: Bucky/TonyTags: PWP, Edge Play, Orgasm Delay/Denial




Chapter Text
Tony wasn’t the fittest of the Avengers, but he did pretty well. He’d built his first armor by hand, using an actual forge, after all, and that required a certain amount of strength and a great deal of stamina. And when he set his mind to something, he was utterly focused on that goal. Everything else dropped away.Which made Tony perfectly suited to the task at hand, namely, edging Bucky until he cried.Bucky’s supersoldier enhancements made him particularly sensitive, giving him something of a hair trigger when it came to sex. Generally, Tony enjoyed that, because those same enhancements had all but done away with Bucky’s refractory period. One of Tony’s favorite things to do was tie Bucky down and make him come six or seven times in a row, until he was a writhing mess of aching muscles and sweat and come, each orgasm nudging closer to the dividing line between pleasure and pain.But forcing Bucky to ride the edge without coming at all... That took skill, and close attention to detail, and stamina. Tony loved it.He filled his hand with fresh lube and didn’t bother to warm it up before sliding his hand down Bucky’s straining cock.Bucky’s hips lurched off the bed, desperately seeking more. “Tony,” he whined, “oh, fuck, Tony, you hafta, please...”“Shh, just relax, gorgeous,” Tony said, petting Bucky’s cock like a cat, which only made Bucky squirm more. “I’ve got you, I’m not going to let you fall.”Bucky let out a laugh that was half-sob. “That’s what I’m afraid of,” he moaned. “How long y’gonna hold me up like this, without lettin’ me get any relief?”They’d already been at it for a good while. Tony gave him one good stroke, firm and smooth, and then let go, watching Bucky’s erection bob and twitch as if it had a mind of its own. “Oh, as long as I’m having fun with it,” Tony said easily.Bucky pulled at the restraints that held his arms, but they held fast. “Tony, please,” he gasped. “Baby, I’m begging.”“I know,” said Tony. “And god, don’t I love it. You sound half-broken, so needy and desperate.” He teased one finger along the big vein, skating back and forth over it until he reached the head of Bucky’s cock. “At least I’m not using the warming lube, right?”Bucky whimpered, because the warming lube drove him absolutely up a wall. Tony wasn’t using it because it made it too easy for Bucky to come. Tony stroked him again, three or four times, enough to make the muscles in his thighs tremble. “God, you’re beautiful like this,” Tony praised him. “I could do this for hours.”“No,” Bucky whined. “Tony, god, please...” He struggled against the restraints again. “You’re so cruel.”“You love it,” Tony pointed out. He trailed his fingers lightly over Bucky’s balls, knowing they must be aching, and pressed a fingertip to Bucky’s perineum.Bucky arched and wailed. “Tony!”Tony pressed his mouth to Bucky’s knee to smother a grin. “Yeah, baby, I gotcha,” he promised. He pressed two fingers into Bucky’s hole, and Bucky all but howled. Tony kissed Bucky’s knee again and curled his fingers, searching, watching the way Bucky’s cock jumped and spurted precome. Close, closer...Tony withdrew, and Bucky broke, tears falling from the corners of his eyes to land in his hair. “Tony, please,” he whispered, and there it was, that sweet acceptance that meant Bucky had let go, had floated into subspace.“Oh, look at you,” Tony purred. He curled his hand around Bucky’s cock -- not stroking, just holding it gently. Bucky rocked into it once, and then went boneless again, though each breath exhaled on a soft whimper of need. “That’s it, you’re just perfect,” Tony told Bucky. “You’re going to let me take care of you now, huh?”“Yes, Tony, please,” Bucky breathed. “‘M yours, all yours, please please please please, oh, god.”Tony stroked him, and instead of arching into it, Bucky just moaned in pleasure. God, he was gorgeous like this. Tony almost couldn’t resist giving him what he was begging for, but he wanted to hold it out just a little longer. Another stroke, two, and then he stopped.Bucky keened at the ache of it, but didn’t protest. More tears leaked from his eyes, even as he locked his gaze on Tony’s face.Tony lifted his other hand to brush the tears from Bucky’s cheeks. “So good,” he told Bucky. “So sweet and beautiful. Just a little more for me, okay?”Bucky nodded, more tears slipping from those beautiful, wide eyes.“That’s it, baby, I’ve got you,” Tony said. “You just leave it to me, and I’m going to make you hurt so good.” He leaned in to kiss Bucky gently, nuzzling and taking his time to taste every corner of Bucky’s mouth, feeling Bucky relax into it farther and farther. “All right, baby, that’s enough of a break, hm? Time to get back to work.”Bucky’s breath hitched, and Tony smile
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Scott Lang/Steve Rogers
Peter Quill/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Edgeplay
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Dirty Talk
Voyeurism
Human Furniture
Under-negotiated Kink
BDSM
Blindfolds
Cock Rings
Cock Cages
Overstimulation
Safeword Use
Light Humiliation
Mention of switching
Fuck Or Die
Humor
Mildly Dubious Consent
Anal Sex
Pegging
Oral Sex
Masturbation
Wall Sex
Anal Fingering
Manhandling
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Double Penetration
Scars
Self-Esteem Issues
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Consent is Sexy
Phone Sex
Cuddling & Snuggling
healing touch
Shower Sex
Friends With Benefits
69 (Sex Position)
Zero-gravity sex
Threesome
Face-Fucking
improvised bondage
Bondage
Semi-Public Sex
sex position dice
Intercrural Sex
Wax Play
Non-Sexual Kink
suspension play

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Scott Lang/Steve Rogers
Peter Quill/Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark

