Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Sakaar was a dump. Well, not completely literally, the one city surrounded by piles of garbage was absolutely stunning even for someone who grew up on Asgard. But every piece of discarded trash from all the other realms ended up in this godforsaken land through wormholes, turning it to a junkyard where the inhabitants scavengered for any useful piece of scrap, and their biggest source of entertainment from their miserable lives was the Grandmaster's gladiator arena. The Grandmaster had built quite the empire for himself, all things considered. It certainly wasn't as powerful and beautiful like Asgard, or even vast and resourceful like Midgard, but atleast it wasn't an empty wasteland like Jotunheim. Loki figured that was always something. Atleast here there was the possibility of finding something to aid him to get back to his own kingdom, after ending up here when Hela had knocked him out of the Bifrost. He had quickly upon his arrival made his way to the top of the hierarky where he with his silvertongue had charmed his way into Grandmaster's company. Perhaps a bit too well, if the man's constant touches were anything to go by. His sharp eyes had glanced around the marketplaces for anything useful to aid his escape from Sakaar while the Grandmaster guided him around to get him some new clothes, something befit a King of Asgard, as much of an equal to Grandmaster as one could be in this place. Grandmaster was a charming man, clever, slightly peculiar. And not particularly much to Loki's taste, however Loki seemed to be exactly what Grandmaster wanted. He kept touching Loki, stroking his hands along Loki's body in pretence of feeling the material of Loki's new outfit. "Anything else you desire, King of Asgard?" Grandmaster had said with a playful twinkle in his eyes. Loki couldn't help but to feel what the Midgardians referred to as a sugar baby, letting the man provide for him in exchange of something Loki would rather not give, but had no choice but to play along. It was in his own best interest to stay at the very top, unless he wanted to end up like his unfortunate brother. He had gotten quite a thrill seeing Thor's hair cut off like the thrall he'd become, but if someone of Thor's strength had ended up in such a position, so could Loki, and that would make getting back home so much more difficult. Because while not suffering from a obediance disk like Thor, Loki did wear a similar creation which hindered his magic. He needed to get out of this rubbish realm with his wits alone."Perhaps a drink?" Loki had said with an easy smile. "A drink is most suited with entertainment." He put his arm around Loki's waist to guide him back to his residence. "Come, tonight's tournament shall be in your honour." And that is how Loki had ended up at the best seat in the arena, watching the contenders fight each other in semi rounds until there would only be one left. Thor had done extremely well, as Loki knew he would. Thor had always loved to fight. "I hear this new contender of mine is of Asgard," Grandmaster said as Thor entered his second round, up against a Dark Elf. It would be an easy victory. "What a coincidence that I have two Asgardians drop into Sakaar almost at the same time." "He is of the Einherjar," Loki explained easily. "One of my strongest guards. I am surprised Hela didn't see it more fit to kill him." He watched as Thor twisted the neck of the Dark Elf in vengeance for their mother before walking back to wait for his next round. The crowd cheered; the round had been too short for their taste but had resulted in death and Thor had finally proved himself a worthy fighter in their eyes, as most opponents in these fights were spared for future tournaments. And as much as Loki would have preferred to leave Thor here to be a slave for the rest of his days, he knew he needed him to battle Hela. Loki might have lost his throne, but he didn't want Asgard in the hands of that witch. Even Thor would have been preferrable, as much as it irked him. "Tell you what," Loki said a few rounds later, before Thor was set to fight again. "Let's make this a bit more interesting, shall we? I want to make a bet." "A bet?" Grandmaster asked intrigued. "If my Einherjar wins the tournament, you'll return him to me along with a ship, to aid me in getting my kingdom back." Grandmaster grimaced. "He is a strong fighter, and the audience loves him. He's too valuable to be given away, even to a King. Especially a King who has nothing of similar worth to offer if he were to lose the bet." Loki easily hid his annoyance at being dismissed as a good fighter behind his usual charming mask. Even though he preferred tricks to physical fighting, he was still a stronger fighter than most of the contenders in the arena. "If I were to lose," he spoke with his most seductive voice as he kept a firm eye contact, "you'll have me. Any way you want me." Grandmaster looked at him with lust and amusement. "If I win, I'll o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
Grandmaster/Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Voyeurism
Ragnarok
Light Bondage
Exhibitionism
frostmaster
Threesome - M/M/M
Double Penetration
Thorki - Freeform
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Dubious Consent
Extremely Dubious Consent

fandom: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
Grandmaster/Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki/Thor

