Chapter 1



Notes:
Soooo....this is my first full-blown fic (not just a one-shot) when it comes to the MCU. Go easy on me please! This idea came to me while I was at work, and I'm not sure how it ill pan out...but I thought i would just give it a go.I know this chapter is super short, but I just wanted to get started on this....so think of this as a short prologue or something... hehe.




Chapter Text

With Tony’s track record of never sleeping it figured that someone would call him in the middle of the night, the one night that he decided to actually go to bed at a decent time. Tony opened his bleary eyes and tried to make out the shadows in his darkened room as his tired mind raced, trying to figure out who in the hell would call him at whatever time this was. 


“Friday, time,” he muttered, rubbing his face with a calloused hand as the lights in the room began to fade up. 


“It is currently 2:31 a.m. boss,” the AI responded before adding. “Captain Rogers is on the line.”


Well, that woke Tony up. 


The man shifted quickly, his head snapping over to the nightstand next to his bed that held the cellphone he received for Rogers after their bout in Serbia. He always figured that if Steve wanted to get ahold of him, he would use that phone. A call directly to his phone seemed...to simple? Afterall, he was a war-criminal now, it just seemed too risky. Yet here Tony was, staring at a silent nightstand. 


With stomach churning, Tony let out a heavy sigh. A million scenarios for Steve calling were running through his head, but he couldn’t think of a possible reason. So, he did what any normal person would do, and just answered the phone. 


“Accept Call,” Tony muttered as he fully sat up in bed, pushing his hair away from his forehead as he rubbed his face. There was a confirmation from Friday, and then silence loomed over the speaker. 


Tony could hear breathing, accompanied by standard background noises. And was that...whimpering? It sounded light and too high pitched to be Steve, but-


“Tony?” Steve’s voice sounded, breaking Tony from his thoughts. 


“Cap.” Tony said, doing his best to forget that the last time they had talked had been months ago in Serbia.  “What can I do for you? This must be some emergency, seeing as it’s some ungodly hour and you’re calling me directly,” he said, holding his breath as he waited for a response. 


“I know it’s late, I’m sorry,” Steve said, trying not to beat around the bush. “It’s just...Well,” he took a breath. “I’m not sure how to say this but I figured you should know. I don’t want you to think I’m trying to keep this from you but-” 


“Spit it out Rogers,” Tony said calmly,  though his heart was beating faster at the possible thing that he should know about. 


“Look...Sam, Clint, and I have been trying to take down hidden Hydra bases. You know, do as much as we can to help out...and. Jesus. Tony,” Steve paused and Tony could still hear the whimpering in the background. “Tony, we found a base where they were experimenting on people. Like Wanda and Pietro. But they weren’t all voluntary. God. Tony, there were kids here.” 


Tony’s mind was working in overdrive as he heard Steve speak. Okay, there were people there. So Steve needed them to be safely extracted and- kids? There 

were 

kids? What the hell did that mean? Tony was about to ask but Steve continued on. “Almost all of them are dead or they’re in pretty bad shape. We found five that are alive.”


Tony let out a heavy sigh, combing his hand through his hair. “Okay. Okay. I’ll send a jet down with some medical. We can get these people out and get them the help they need. Just give me your location. I’ll-” 


“Tony,” Steve pressed. His voice was tense, shaking a little bit, and the way Steve said his name sent shivers up the inventors spine. “These kids have files on them. There is one here and his file says he’s your son.” 


Tony’s eyes grew wide and he let out a choked breath. “Wait. What?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Kid Peter Parker
Kid Fic
Hydra (Marvel)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Kinda
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
I'm Bad At Tagging
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Torture
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Child Soldiers
Getting Back Together
Father-Son Relationship
Getting to Know Each Other
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superhusbands
Stony - Freeform
Tony is a good dad
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
I don't know what I'm doing
Asthma
Medical Inaccuracies
Irondad

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)

