Work Text:
“Did you see me there?! I was like, a fucking machine! A ninja!” Deadpool boasted over the victorious mission, where he had let the swords do the battling. Peter had barely gotten any slack, but apparently Deadpool was on fire today.
“So I got my katana, and I was like, slash!” Deadpool picket up a stray branch from the ground and started demonstrating the battle that had ended mere minutes ago. Peter remembered well exactly what had happened even without the recap.
“Spiderman, I bet I could win you in a stick fight any day!” Deadpool stated, and braced himself, ready to lance. “Is that so?” Peter said, and dismissed Deadpool's initiation, not really feeling like starting a play fight in the middle of city, not after a battle, and not in public. Unlike Deadpool, he still had some reputation to maintain.
“Back stab!” Deadpool poked him quite harshly between the shoulder blades. The spider sense had warned him, but he still had not considered Deadpool as serious thread. He was fielding a branch for god's sake. “Hey, watch where you point that thing!”
“Then arm thyself! Try and stop me!” Deadpool lanced again, which Peter easily avoided by stepping aside.
“Come on, be a sport!” Deadpool found another branch on the ground and flung it at Spiderman, which he easily caught.
“Come on, Deadpool. I really have better things to do.” Deadpool dropped the stance and made over a show of mocking Spiderman with the most annoying imitation he could muster: “Come on Spiderman, this really is the better thing to do.”
“Well fuck you too Deadpool.” Peter growled, and tried to swat Deadpool with the branch but the other was quick to block it.
“That's the sport!” Deadpool immediately made a counter attack, and smacked Peter quite hard on the ass with the branch.
“Smack that, all on the floor.” Deadpool suddenly started singing, and then swapped Peter on the tights. “Smack that, give me some more.” Peter managed to block the next one, but Deadpool was quick to counter by slapping him on the ass again, this time with bare hand. “Smack that, till you get sore.” Peter tried to put it to a stop for Deadpool's singing, but with poor results. Deadpool seemed to be teasing him, circling him, being too far to hit, but getting behind him every chance he got to target his ass in particular. “Smack that, oh-oh!” Deadpool made a proper whip on his ass with a snap and everything. Peter felt his ass sting accordingly. “Hey, stop it!”
“Nah, Spiderman, did I mention, but your ass is gorgeous! Red suits it. Freshly whipped red to be specific.”
Peter made sure to guard his back from Deadpool, making sure he did not get further whips. “Not like you are going to see my ass.” Peter growled, and smacked Wade on the fingers when he tried to  approach.
“Oh, come on. A man can dream, right?” Deadpool laughed, and shook his fingers to numb the sting.
“Just stop spanking me, will you!” Spiderman shook his stick at Deadpool, but the other apparently couldn't read scolding.
“Hah, you wish. Besides, you might just like it! Never knock it until you try it.” Deadpool grinned so wide it made his mask curve around this mouth.
“Well, according to the experience gained during the last two minutes, I really wouldn't say I am that into it.”
Deadpool suddenly stepped forward with his hands in the air. And since Peter's Spider sense did not go off, the other was not likely to trap him in to a spanking. “Oh, come on! That wasn't even the real deal! I was just playing around with you!”
“Uhhuh. I get you. But it's still no. Have fun spanking by yourself, I'm off.” Peter gave the stick in his hand to Deadpool, and shot his web on the apartment building, swinging himself off before Deadpool could try and make him stay. He was so not in the mood for his madness.And with his escape, Spiderman was by his apartment quite quickly. He stepped in from the window, trying to avoid being seen by the neighbors. His stomach was grumbling like crazy, so he made his way to the kitchen without taking off his costume. He still had some cereal left from the morning, and he really needed a quick fix. It was the end of the month again. The time of the month where he had already spent his last dollars.
Peter took his bowl of cereal with milk, and took it with him to the small living space. He could catch the last episode of his favorite show before crashing for the night.
“Wow dude, You live in a slum.” Someone said out of nowhere, and Spiderman whipped his head up from the cereal in a second, webbing the intruder against the wall in a nanosecond.
“Deadpool, what on the heaven's name are you doing here!” Peter put down his cereal, preparing for the more urgent task at hand. Deadpool made a motion to rise his hand, but the motion was unsuccessfully thanks to the webs tying him on place. “Sup spidey.”
“You are not supposed to know where I live. You are not supposed to be here at all!” Peter scolded, and went to his intruder to pry him off the walls.
“I am a mercenary Spidey, Tracking y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spideypool
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
PWP
Spanking
Kink
Rimming
Gay Sex
so much sex
Hot Sex
non-con
forced spanking
Peter eventually likes it
Totally consensual at the very end

fandom: 
Spideypool
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

