Work Text:

 





Originally posted by keepbuckybaby


The Accident

Your day started like any other. You got up, went to the bathroom, started the water for your tea, and threw some bread in the toaster. While your bread toasted and water heated, you went to go pick out clothes for the day. A whistling sound from the kitchen signaled your water was ready, so you ambled back into the kitchen, quickly pouring yourself a cup to stew while you buttered your toast. You briefly considered turning on the TV to watch the news while you waited for your tea to cool, but decided against it. It was too early to listen to the doom and gloom of the real world being parroted by heavily made up newscasters. 
You took your mug with you to your room, munching happily on your toast as you finished picking out your outfit. Your phone was ringing off the hook, but you ignored it. You weren’t on the clock yet, and you weren’t important enough for your not picking up to matter. You blew on your tea impatiently, taking a tentative sip.
It was wrong. Everything felt wrong. Your cup fell from your hand, shattering on the floor. You wanted to scream as you stepped back, but couldn’t. You looked down at yourself in horror. Blood seeped out from a gash on your foot where the shards of your mug had cut you, but that was almost irrelevant to the thick, rocky shell that seemed to be spreading over your skin rapidly. You blinked and suddenly it covered your face. You went to claw at it, but it covered your hands and arms, freezing them in place inches away from your face. You could feel it calcifying over your lower half until you couldn’t so much as wiggle a toe. 
Perhaps even more terrifying that the sudden darkness and inability to move was the fact that you felt your body changing. It felt like your insides were turning into soup, rearranging and deconstructing then reconstructing. It was the most horrible sensation you’d ever felt in your entire life. Then, suddenly, your world came back to a grinding halt and everything felt almost too still. 
You gave your finger an experimental twitch and suddenly the hard, rocky chrysalis shattered. The sudden light coming in from your window was blinding and you shielded your eyes with your hand, gasping for air. You fell to your knees, unable to hold yourself up against the shock.
“What the fuck,” you whispered. “What the actual fuck.” You wished someone had an answer, but you were alone. You sat there for what could have been minutes or hours until finally a noise brought you out of your reverie. 
It took you a moment to realize it was your phone. You stood up slowly and walked towards your nightstand. Your toe brushed against a shard of mug and you looked down, only just remembering you had a huge gash on your foot from dropping your mug. You looked at your foot closely and realized it was nowhere to be found, skin as flawless as it had been when you’d woken up that morning. 
You added it to the mental list of fucked up shit that had happened to you that morning and grabbed your phone. You were shocked to see it was your boss, Bruce Banner. You saw that you’d missed about fifteen of his calls and winced, quickly accepting the call.
“(Y/N)?” he asked, sounding frantic.
“Hello, Doctor Banner. I’m sorry for not picking up your calls. I’ve… got a little held up,” you said, glancing at the pieces of rocky cocoon on your floor. 
“(Y/N), it’s imperative you get to base as soon as possible. There’s a situation and we need all hands on deck,” he said, clearly stressed. You had a sinking feeling in your gut that you knew what the situation was.
“Sir, I think I might need the day off,” you said, sinking down onto your bed, eyes locked on the remnants of your cocoon.
“What? (Y/N), no. Some agents were able to stop the worst of it, but this event has likely effected hundreds of people already. We need everyone to help find them and help them,” Bruce said, urgency clear in his voice.
Your breathing hitched. “Help them?” you asked, unsure, unwilling to trust him. You had no idea what had just happened to you, but you worked with enough weird shit to know that weird shit tended to get someone into trouble. 
“Yes, help them. I’ll explain more once you arrive, but there are going to be a lot of scared people out there right now. They probably have no idea what happened to them and we need to help them before they hurt themselves or others,” he said. You could hear other people talking in the background and Bruce occasionally barked orders to them. 
“And do you know…? What happened to them?” you asked, breathless.
Something in your voice alarmed him. “(Y/N)…? What’s wrong?” he asked, sounding suddenly concerned.
“Please answer the question,” you said, pleading.
He paused for a moment, gauging your tone, before he spoke. “They’re calling it Terrigenesis. It triggers alien DNA in an otherwise normal human. Most people go through life never even realizing they have alien DNA. Terrigen crystals trigger it when they
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Bucky/reader
Bucky Barnes/Reader
Steve/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Reader
Bucky/Reader/Steve
Bucky Barnes/Reader/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
NSFW
Smut
Threesome
Anal
Fingering
Double Penetration

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Bucky/reader
Bucky Barnes/Reader
Steve/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Reader
Bucky/Reader/Steve
Bucky Barnes/Reader/Steve Rogers

