Chapter 1





Chapter Text



Despite having had an excellent and celebratory weekend, Tony DiNozzo was jittery on Sunday night and could barely sleep. He extricated himself from the warm body tangled with him very early on Monday morning and prepared for work. There was no denying it. He was anxious. He sat at his laptop and edited the document yet again, before he printed three copies of it and placed them in separate envelopes. Finally, he kissed the sleeping man in his bed and left for work at an ungodly hour. Which of course meant that there was little traffic for him to contend with, and he ended up at work very early.He sat at his desk and began powering through the administrative paperwork that was part of his duties as Gibbs’ Senior Field Agent. He also started working on additional paperwork, not strictly his. He routinely completed and submitted a large portion of the Team Lead administrative paperwork for Gibbs, and had done so going as far back as when Morrow was the Director of NCIS. Back then, Morrow had been the one to hound Gibbs to submit paperwork, and, Gibbs being Gibbs had had no qualms about ignoring the man even though Morrow was technically the Director of the agency. When Tony had been hired, Morrow began tasking Tony with reminding Gibbs to complete and turn in the paperwork. After many headslaps, Tony ended up just completing the documents himself. Gibbs had unofficially delegated this to Tony for almost a decade and a half now and probably had no memory of the fact that Tony had been doing his work all these years. Not that Tony minded much. It ended up being much easier to complete the paperwork himself than to either be the one to keep nagging Gibbs into doing it and receiving headslaps for it, or to hear Morrow (or Shepard or Vance) complaining about it.Not that he was behind in the paperwork by any means, but he meant to be a month ahead so that at the very least, Gibbs wouldn’t have to worry about this for a month while the team resituated themselves. He worked solidly until a quarter to seven.He saved his work, locked his computer, and grabbed his gun and badge. He had just enough time now to make a coffee run and be at HR bright and early. Delores always came to work at 0700 and he wanted to talk to her personally before he talked to Gibbs and Vance. DiNozzo knew the value of keeping HR in the loop, and Delores, well, Delores had become a friend after their somewhat rocky start. After the Secret Santa event, he and Delores had struck up an unlikely friendship. He definitely wanted to talk to her about this in person.He knocked on her door and she looked up, a frown creasing her brow. When she saw him standing in her doorway, she broke into a smile and gestured him in.“Caramel macchiato, just like you like it,” he handed her the cup before he closed the door behind him and took the chair in front of her desk.“Are you trying to butter me up for something, Agent DiNozzo?” Delores teased him as she sipped the coffee.Tony sighed.“Wait, what’s going on? Tony?” Delores’ brown eyes were immediately concerned.“I’m giving my notice, Delores,” Tony said softly. He pulled the envelope out of his jacket pocket and handed it to her, fingers trembling a little. “I wanted you to hear it from me in person.”“Tony!” Delores gasped. “What did Gibbs do?”Tony grinned and shrugged, touched by Delores’ immediate reaction. “Not actually something he did…”“Is it what he didn’t do?”“It’s kind of a lot of different things…”“Your goddamned team taking advantage of you being a big one of them?” Delores scowled. Delores wasn’t what anyone might call a ‘people person’ on her best day, and she was especially not fond of the MCRT, with the exception of Tony.Tony made a face. “It’s a factor. Lots of factors that add up… I’ve been thinking about this for years. But the biggest reason is, I’m engaged to be married.”“So you’re quitting your job? This isn’t a Jane Austen novel and you’re not a simpering woman, DiNozzo. These days, you don’t actually have to quit your job to get married,” Delores grinned at him.Tony laughed at that. “No, no. It’s not like that exactly. I’m not going to be a kept man, by any means, but I won’t be able to keep working here. It looks like I won’t be staying in law enforcement any more, Delores.”Delores made a face. If it was one thing she knew, it was that Tony loved being a cop, had been driven into a life of protecting and serving long ago. Leaving law enforcement would be something Tony did with good reason.“Yeah. It’s a pretty big decision,” Tony sighed.The woman gave him a shrewd look. “You moving away?”Tony shook his head. “No plans to move away for now, no.”“But you have to quit your job… Let me guess, you’re going to marry someone we’ll recognize?” Delores guessed.Tony blushed and nodded.“And that’ll make you a target if you continue to be a field agent.”“Yeah.”Delores sighed. “You sure this is what you want to do? We could move you to a quieter team, or find you a desk job
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tony DiNozzo Leaves NCIS Team
Secret Relationship
Engagement

fandom: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Steve Rogers

