Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony looked around at, dare he think it, his friends not even a day ago he would have bet his suit of armor that he would never befriend a SHIELD agent let alone two and Mr. Stars and Stripes. Not to mention meeting a fellow genius he liked and a thunder god. Pepper would be so proud of him! Making friends...“What’s so funny Stark” Natasha asked.“Just enjoying you gagging Reindeer Games” then wiggling his eyebrows at Natasha, “I wouldn’t mind getting gagged by you either.”Natasha looked murderous “I never could resist fiery redheads who could kill me while wearing heals” Tony tacked on.Natasha took a threatening step towards him but thankfully was saved when a cloud covered the sun and the temperature dropped dramatically. He lifted his sunglasses from his face as noon turned into dusk in under a minuet. Tony felt himself shiver and wished for a coat despite it being a midsummer afternoon.“Yo Point Break I know you’re a 'god' and all but on earth it’s considered polite to not mess with weather willy nilly.”“Nay Man of Iron. Tiss not I who summons storms of frost.” Thor looked around warily. ” Impossible” Then shaking Loki and throwing him to the ground Thor demanded in a low voice “Brother, who have you called!”“What is it Thor?” Demanded Captain America.Before Thor could answer, the super spys both stiffened. Tony turned to see what had startled them. As if from nowhere, a figure shrouded in a black walked toward them. Shorter than average, the figure made up for its lack of height with a long black cloak billowing out behind it, stirring up leaves and mist Tony swore were not there before.“And I thought Tony was dramatic” he heard Captain America murmur.“Oi! I resent that” Tony muttered.
The figure stopped ten paces away from the group, most likely intimidated by the various weapons now pointing at it, thought Tony“Uncle” rasped out an androgynous voice.“Hela” Thor bit out “This is not your realm! Why dare you disobey the All Father!”The voice chuckled, surprising non-threateningly thought Tony.“I have heard quite a bit about your stupidity from mother, but I always thought he exaggerated. I see now he wasn’t wrong.”The figure lowered its cloak displaying not the half skeleton half woman Tony expected from mythology but instead a petite teenage boy with startling green eyes and fuck me black hair.Thor was visibly startled, while Loki groaned desperately from where he was violently thrown to the floor.“Mother!” the young teen exclaimed advancing forward a step before stopping when the super heroes all turned their weapons on him.“He’s just a…” Tony started to say before, when with just a wave of the boys arm all the guns, and Clint's bow and arrows suddenly were wrenched out of their respective owner’s hands.“Oh, he’s not just anything” muttered Natasha.The boy then seemed to fly toward Loki, collapsing at the god’s side running his hands carefully over the black eye, bruised and banged up arms. As his hands passed Tony was shocked to see the bruises and cuts mend themselves. The boy whispered what seemed to be reassurances as Tony saw Loki drink in the boy’s face while simultaneously shaking his muzzled head no.“Seidr this is not your battle nor place!” Thor commanded “Asgard has no quarrel with your people. This man, my brother, has committed crimes against Midgard and will be harshly punished in Asgard. Stand back before he enraptures you!”
Tony watched as the unsettling yet peaceful seeming boy turned into a battle hardened warrior before his eyes. The boy rose, releasing Loki’s chains with a wave of his hand, and turned towards Thor with fire in his eyes and darkness gathering at the edges of his cloak.“What crimes has your own brother done that you treat him this way?” In a voice even Tony could tell was a sickly sweet trap.
Tony groaned as Thor puffed up with pride “He has felled eighty Midgardians with his own magic and commanded an army to destroy this Island of York!”“So he is a General invading a land? Yet you treat him like a common criminal, a murderer?” the boy inquired. Reminding Tony of when Pepper set up word traps for reporters.The wind picked up again and the group looked up to see the quinjet slowly descending. As it settled, Fury walked forward with eyes only for the young boy.“Mr. Potter” Fury said as he approached the group of misfits. “I thought you wanted nothing to do with SHIELD.”“I am here for Loki and nothing else!” the teen, apparently called Potter spat.“Loki is a criminal” Fury said.“Who the hell is this… boy” Tony couldn’t help but interject. He hated not knowing things.“Mr. Potter was almost an avenger.” Fury smoothly said.“I said no bloody way!” Potter interjected.“Yet here you are protecting and healing a criminal no better than Voldemort.” Fury said raising an eyebrow.The clouds darkened again. “Voldemort killed millions of people! He kept an entire country in abject terror for over thirty years! He killed and tortured children for fun.” Potte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Harry Potter is Loki (Marvel)'s Child
Pissed Harry Potter
Master of Death Harry Potter
Uncle Thor (Marvel)
Loki's Kids
Powerful Harry
Pissed Fury
Confused Tony
Two Shot
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Good Hela
Good Loki (Marvel)
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Evil Odin (Marvel)
Thor is a bad Uncle
Harry is the best sibling ever
Harry is a good son

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter

