Chapter 1: act my age
    


Summary:

a day in the life of peter, as unfortunate as it is



Notes:
comments would be sooo appericated :))




Chapter Text
Peter closed the door behind him, wincing at the sound the lock made as it shut. All lights were off which made the teenager cautious of his footing, kicking off his muddy sneakers he pushed them behind the other shoes that were collected by the front entrance. Careful to avoid making any sudden noise, Peter walked slowly up the long wooden staircase of the house. They didn't always stay here, actually, they were probably at the tower more than their actual home. Especially when his parents needed to not be Steve and Tony, but instead be Captain America and Iron Man for the day. Personally, Peter loved their family home way better. He loved all of the avengers, he considered all of them uncle and aunts ever since Steve and Tony adopted him nine years ago, and he loved seeing them around the tower whenever they stayed there. Although, it didn't mean that Peter didn't love having his father's to himself every so often. Peter shuffled towards the nearest bathroom and as soon as he was close enough he reached for the light switch and the room illuminated around him, highlighting his figure in front of the mirror. He was still wearing his suit, which now he was realizing had been really stupid as either one of his dad's could've been awake and would have saw their fifteenth year old son sneaking in dressed as spider-man. Every time Peter thought about the secret he held from everyone, his father's, his aunt May, Ned- he felt guilt. Just a couple of days ago he had overheard his parents in the kitchen talking about this 'spider-man' who they didn't realize was their kid. Tony had been trying to guess who it could be, each guess, completely wrong. There had been times when Peter had been close to telling his dad's, sometimes he figured he would just give it up. But, then he saw the missions his parents do and maybe just maybe they'd be proud of him if they knew he was trying to help people, like them. Slowly peeling the suit off his body he reached towards the laundry basket and pulled out a pair of star wars PJ's that he usually wore when he just wanted comfort. He followed his usual routine of hiding his suit before he simply starred at his own reflection while he brushed his teeth. "Peter?" The teenager startled when he heard his pop's voice on the other side of the white door, suddenly his face paled and he was spitting the toothpaste into the sink, turning on the tap to drown out his heavy breathing. Peter rushed forward and unlocked the bathroom door to face his blonde father, whose hair was messed up and he was rubbing his eyes tiredly. That's the only downside, pop's was a light sleeper and had trained himself to wake up at anything- when they first adopted Peter the little boy had frequent nightmares, it only took a second of heavy sobbing before steve would rush in and cradle him against his chest. "I thought you were asleep, it's 1am." "Uh, i didn't feel well-" improvising, Peter nodded towards the empty glass that his dad had probably left on the side hours ago. "Needed some water." Steve's eyes softened and he was stepping forward and placing a large hand against his sons head, "You might have caught the cold dad had last week-" The difference between his parents was, Steve was a super soldier and therefore had an immune system that would fight off flu whereas Tony didn't quite have that luxury. "Try get some sleep-" he allowed himself to be pulled into his fathers side, after the night he had on the streets of New York, he was relieved to recieve comfort off his father. Steve walked him down the hall, past his parents' bedroom where the door was slightly ajar and Peter could make out Tony's sleeping figure in he and Steve's large bed. They entered Peter's bedroom, which was slightly untidy (no surprise there) and was covered in science textbooks from high school and his computer games. Steve pulled back the dark blue duvet and ushered his son in, "I'll make you pancakes in the morning." the blonde promised before pressing a kiss to his teenage son's forehead and disappearing out of the room. Peter forced his eyes closed and sighed tiredly, what would his parents do if/ when they found out? Would they hate him for lying to him? Peter had remembered when he was seven and he accidentally broke a project his dad had been working on. He had cried and cried thinking that his parents would send him away, when in fact Tony found out and promised Peter that he couldn't do anything to ever make he and Steve hate him. Did that include lying about being a part time spider-man? Somehow the boy managed to fall asleep some point that night because the next time he opened his eyes it was light outside and he could faintly here the sound of somebody showering in one of the bathrooms. It was a Saturday, therefore high school was not a problem today- hence why he wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Parent Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
civil war never happened in this ok
may is still involved in peters upbringing
obviously everybody loves aunt may
Protective Steve Rogers
steve and tony are peter's guardians
peter hiding his identity
Protective Tony Stark
Teen Peter Parker
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider-Man: Homecoming Spoilers
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

