Work Text:

TONY STARK HAS GONE THROUGH THE ADOPTION CHANNELS?
 That was the headline just over two months after they all discussed the initial process, and barely two weeks since it was finalised legally, that greeted Tony one morning when Pepper showed him.“You’re going to have to do a conference. And the kids are going to have to be present,” she informed him.“Fine,” he sighed, he knew it was inevitable. “Set it up for Friday so that I can have Harley flown out.” She nodded before they continued to prepare their breakfast, Pepper kissing his cheek goodbye before he had finished.
“So, have you met them?” Ned asked excitedly that morning.“Have I met who?” Peter asked.“You know! Mr Stark’s soon-to-be adopted kid!” Peter stopped dead for a moment. They weren’t allowed to speak about it to  anybody  who wasn’t involved, and Peter understood that that meant Ned as well. Nobody could find out until they were ready to announce people and it was fine that way. Which is why he had to hold back a smirk as he answered.“Oh yeah, I’ve met them.”“What are they like?! Why didn’t you tell me?!” Ned asked, still excited.“They’re excellent at science and mechanics, of course. Really nice, too. And I couldn’t tell you because of legal stuff. This all has to be extremely confidential for numerous reasons.”“Oh...I guess that makes sense,” Ned agreed after a moment of silence, nodding.
“Hey, so the conference is going to be held at noon tomorrow, is that okay? Harley’s getting in about nine,” Tony told him Thursday after his training.“That’s cool. Is there any point in going to school?” Tony thought for a moment.“Honestly? No, I think Pepper has picked out both of your’s clothes as well. Just a warning.” Peter huffed. “Don’t look like that,” he said. “She does the same for me as well more often than not.”
“Dude where are you?” Ned asked after Peter picked up the phone on the third ring.“Aunt May wants me to stay home today,” he told Ned with a shrug, even though the boy couldn’t see it. He felt bad about lying to his best friend. “I got a concussion last night after a guy got a good hit in and I went into a wall pretty hard. Even with my advanced healing she still wants to make sure everything is alright.”“Oh, I guess that makes sense.” Peter hung up quickly after saying goodbye when Pepper walked into the room with the hangers containing the clothes she had picked for him and Harley, as well as two shoe boxes.“You don’t have to wear the jacket if you don’t want but take it with you just in case. It gets a bit breezy in conference rooms sometimes,” she informed him and he nodded as he took his hangers.Currently they’re on Peter’s floor of the Tower, the living room specifically. They’re leaving in just over an hour so they don’t necessarily need to get dressed right now.When the time did come, after watching another episode and a half of friends because daytime TV is uneventful and the only other thing on was the news speculating about who Tony Stark’s adopted kid would be.Harley had gotten a shower as well because of the fact he flew in a couple of hours ago and felt gross afterwards, and was in a grey shirt with a darker grey zip-up hoodie on top, dark blue jeans, with white high top basketball sneakers.Peter’s own clothes were a white t-shirt - which may or may not be too tight, he didn’t know since all of his own clothes were baggy, it may just be fitted - with black jeans, brown combat boots, and his blazer was sat over the back of the couch waiting to be taken with him when they leave.They ended up leaving almost five minutes late, due to Tony arguing with Pepper over the colours she’d chosen for him to wear. Apparently he didn’t like it no matter how much it complimented his eyes. They ended up compromising the end from what they could tell.
Pepper had already left by the time they got in the car, so they were simply sat with music on, something they could all enjoy, since ACDC wasn’t something Harley and Peter wanted to listen to  quite  as much as Tony did, much to his displeasure.“Just be cool about it, and ignore any flashing cameras. There shouldn’t be any outside of course, but even inside, ignore them. Smile, or just don’t look unhappy to be honest. You both have sweet smiles that look boyishly charming so I’m sure they’ll eat it up. Peter, no telling people you’re Spider-Man, I’m sure that people will figure it out eventually, but not yet.”“You sound more nervous than either of us,” Peter snorted from the middle seat in the back where he was leaning forward.“No I don’t, shut up.”“Kinda do, old man,” Harley commented with a raised eyebrow.“Besides, never said we didn’t feel nervous, just don’t sound it,” Peter shrugged.“You have your seat belt on right?” Tony checked, glancing in the rearview mirror as Peter pulled it forward from where it stretched across his chest. “And it’s easy enough to not be nervous if you haven’t been in that situation yet,” he pointed out.“I’m in multiple youtube videos and face bad guys 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harley Keener

freeform: 
Press Conference
Father-Son Relationship
brother bonding
Snark
Fluff
i guess
Pepper dresses all three of them tbh

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harley Keener

