Chapter 1: Gifted
    




Chapter Text
"And what do we have here?" The Grandmaster said.She felt uncomfortably exposed, looked over like she was cattle, but there was nowhere to go. The two strangely clad men were holding her steady between themselves."She was found wandering the trash belt. Must have dropped out of one of the smaller wormholes.""And you thought her to be of use to me?" The Grandmaster rose an eyebrow. A smile curled his lips."She's a mortal. Maybe she'll suit the taste of one of your guests?""Now there's an idea." He tapped a finger to his blue-lined chin. "Mortals are rare around these parts; I don't think we've ever had one before. What is the name of their planet again... Dirt?""Earth!" she huffed out, offended on her homeworld's behalf."Ah, yes. Peculiar people. Not very sturdy. Maybe she'll serve as a plaything for the Asgardian.""She's got a wild streak," one of the men cautioned. "Doesn't like being handled.""Excellent," the Grandmaster said. "We wouldn't want our guest to be bored now, would we?"
Being cleaned and dressed up she was brought to the "Asgardian's" rooms, a small disk attached to her neck. She had felt the purpose of it twice already and it was far from a pleasant experience."Grandmaster would like to present you with a gift," her guard told the man before them, "for your entertainment."The man looked surprised but only for a moment. An amused look appeared on his face and he glanced her over, lingering a moment longer at the places where her dress was the most revealing.
"Well, that is most gracious of him," he said, accepting the remote controlling the disk and twirling it between his fingers. "I'll make good use of it."As the guard left, the door closed and she was left alone with the stranger in his oddly decorated rooms. Everything was foreign to her in this world and this man was no exception. Even though he looked human she had a strong impression he was not. Black hair down to his shoulders; prominent cheekbones; eyes somewhere between blue and green. He moved like a cat, circling her while flipping the remote in his hand."And where might you come from?" he asked casually."Why do you care?""There aren't a great many passageways on Midgard and you've barely begun exploring your own space yet. I wouldn't have expected one of you to end up here."Suddenly she felt his hand against her side, making her twitch and move away."Ah-ah," he warned, gripping her arm and stepping up against her back. She could feel his breath against her ear. Holding her in place against him with one arm, he used his other hand to explore her body through the thin fabric. She clenched her teeth.His hand slid in between her thighs, making her clasp them tight together.He chuckled.
"Delightful," he said.Once his grip loosened she stepped away from him, putting distance between them.Unbothered by her reaction he wandered to the far end of the room, tossing the remote on a small table by the wall.
"So the Grandmaster sees it fit to send me a slave to do my bidding. I wonder what he expects in return.""I'm not a slave," she spat. "Don't you ever put your hands on me again!"The man quirked his eyebrow, looking anything but impressed.
"I would have been ruler of that pathetic realm of yours, had everything gone according to plan." His words didn't make much sense but she casually made her way across the room, edging closer to the table."Perhaps you wouldn't have been a slave then," he continued, watching the alien world outside the windows. "I could have brought peace to your world, stopped your pathetic bickering, made you thrive."She only pretended to listen. The remote was almost within her reach.When she grabbed it she felt a sense of victory.It lasted a second before strong arms seized her from behind, locking her hand in an iron grip.The image by the window dissolved into nothing.She struggled to break free but he pressed a button on the remote and a jolt of cold fire shot through her body, making her shake helplessly. He knees giving out, she would have fallen to the floor if she hadn't been held upright.The man took the remote from her hand.
"The name is Loki, by the way. In case you wondered."He led her into the next room and towards a lavish bed. Seeing it she dug her heels into the floor, but the aftermath of the nerve shock was still impacting her movements, not to mention that her captor was ridiculously strong. He pushed her down on the covers with little effort.
"You might want to show some appreciation that I give you the comfort of a bed," he said. "I could have forced you to your knees here on the floor, or taken you over one of the hard surfaces, like that desk." He nodded towards a piece of furniture nearby. "Or even against that window where anyone might look up and see you squirming while being owned."She grew cold at his words. The humiliation..."All in good time," he said, licking his lips. "This is a handy garment."He was referring to her dress which opened up with a flick
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Sakaar
Obedience disk
POV Third Person
Sexual Content
Shameless Smut
Rape/Non-con Elements
Penis In Vagina Sex
Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Oral Sex
Drug Use
original MCU Loki

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

