Work Text:
The first time it happened they were drunk, or at least Bucky and Natasha were. 
They'd had a fight about it, actually -- they could have those now; Bucky was well enough, clear enough of his recent past, that they could fight again. They'd had a fight because Tony had offhandedly suggested they find out if whatever Schmidt did to Bucky had the same effect on Steve -- if Bucky could get drunk. Or catch diseases, but getting drunk seemed easier. Steve had winced at his lack of tact, but Bucky liked Tony, and he'd just laughed. 
"You're on," he'd said, and Steve couldn't just leave Bucky at the hands of Tony Stark, so Bucky won the "should we go drinking" fight by default and Steve went out with them to keep an eye on them. Natasha went too, because Bucky found her reassuring and because she and Steve were testing out this whole "boyfriend-girlfriend" situation, something neither of them had done before. 
At least, not without using false names, in Natasha's case.  
So they took one of Tony's cars to a dive bar where Tony wore sunglasses inside so as not to be recognized (did not work) and Steve sulked and caught up on reading mission reports on his phone while Natasha and Bucky drank Tony under the table. 
"Are you feeling anything?" Tony slurred, as Steve and Bucky dragged him out to the car, Natasha following with the bottle of tequila she'd won off a fool who thought he could compete in a drinking competition with a Russian, a supersoldier, and a Stark. 
"Sure," Bucky told him, as he slung Stark in the back of the car and followed him in. 
"On a scale of one to me -- "
"Seven."
"Okay. Imma make a note of that," Stark said, and passed out. 
Steve, having lifted his keys about six drinks earlier, climbed into the driver's seat. Natasha climbed in over him, settling next to him on the bench seat (Tony did have excellent taste in cars). Steve wasn't about to complain as she tucked herself under his arm. 
"You look happy," she said, not even slurring or unsteady. 
"I am happy," he replied, as he guided the car through the sparse late-night traffic. "I never expected -- " he glanced in the rearview mirror. 
"Just say it," Bucky groaned.
"I never expected to have my best friend back. Or a best girl at all," he added, kissing her forehead. 
"You only get away with calling me that because you're cute. And old," she told him. 
"I'm sorry. My favorite woman," he corrected.
"Better." 
"Not feelin' awkward at all back here, cuddling with Stark while you two make wet eyes at each other," Bucky said. 
"It's about time I got to be the one to make wet eyes with a girl, you did enough of it when I was still a little guy."
"I could take you," Bucky threatened. 
"Don't bother," Steve said. "We'll be home soon and I don't want to crash Stark's car."
"Drop me at HQ?"
"Why are you still living there?" Natasha asked, twisting around. "Stay at the Tower tonight."
"I'm still not -- "
"You're safe, Buck," Steve said, over Bucky's dying protest. He caught Bucky's uncertain look in the rearview mirror and held his eyes. He knew Bucky had them lock him in, at HQ. "You're safe. Nothing's gonna happen, but if it did, I'm bigger'n you and I won't let you hurt anyone."
Bucky's face fell, a combination of shame and gratitude, and Steve felt the pained twist of it. 
"Besides, HQ's out of the way and I'm amazed the two of you haven't gotta pee like crazy, all the drinking you did," he added. 
There was a sudden uncomfortable silence in the car. Steve stepped on the gas. 
***
Tony was awake by the time they reached the Tower, so Steve just made sure he got inside the penthouse before heading down to Natasha's apartment. 
Mostly, these days, they shared her place. It had been a source of rare comfort, in the days when Bucky was being deprogrammed, to curl up with her and let the world go damn itself for a while. She wanted to be in her own place; Steve just wanted to be with her, and she didn't seem to mind, so by the time Bucky was well Steve was there three or four nights a week. It felt fast to him, but then an affair with Natasha Romanoff was never going to be normal. He wouldn't have wanted normal, not after all he'd seen and done. 
When he arrived, they didn't notice him; there was music playing, and he was silent by habit, silent enough that even Bucky's enhanced hearing and Natasha's natural alertness didn't pick up his footfalls. 
The music coming over the speakers wasn't what he thought of as his, swing and jazz; it was some pop song he was pretty sure was recent. They were dancing regardless, Bucky swinging Natasha around the room in a clumsy, no-actual-steps trot of some kind. She was keeping up more out of the classical dance training she pretended she didn't have than from any understanding of what he was doing. Steve leaned in the doorway and watched, amused, applauding when the song ended. They jerked apart sharply.
Interesting. 
"Come dance," Bucky said, after a few awkward seconds. "Come on, man, have you danced yet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Threesome
Threesome - F/M/M
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Drinking
Drunk Sex
Dancing

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

