Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Pepper watched in contentment as Thor played with Tony on the floor, the blocks they had played with forgotten as Thor tickled Tony till tears were in his eyes. Pepper loved to hear Tony giggling and laughing. Tony started to do a lot more smiling. In all honesty, all of it was thanks to Thor and Bruce. Before they arrived at the tower, Tony was a wreck. The Accords and the “War” had made of mess of him. He had horrible nightmares and cried constantly. He called out to Steve in his sleep. Pepper knew it was the little side of him missing his daddy. Pepper was lucky in putting Tony in his little headspace. Tony had stayed in his big headspace for weeks when dealing with the Accords, causing him to have classification sickness. It was unhealthy for a little too stay big for too long. Pepper also knew a little needed his daddy. The lost connection he had with Steve was traumatic for him. Pepper sometimes visualized Steve’s violent death at her hands, the little he claimed to love, the family that claimed to love Tony abandoned him the first chance they got. The team knew the dangers of a little being big for too long, yet they didn’t care. The bots, and Jarvis seemed to help for a time. Tony still visited them and stayed in their presence, but it wasn’t with the same excitement he use to have before the team left. There were also SI things that needed to be handled; Pepper couldn’t handle a little and a company at the same time. She’d give the company up to stay with Tony, but she knew Tony cared about the company when he was big too much. Then Thor had come back; it was a Godsend. He was confused slightly at the state of Tony; Pepper had to explain what neutrals, caregivers, and little were. Apparently, they didn’t have such classification in Asgard; it was a “Midgardian” thing. Though Thor was more than eager to learn he wanted to help Tony in any way he could. Pepper showed him how to get the milk ready and change a diaper. Pepper was surprised at how fast he learned, with him not ever having experience with little before. When Pepper was sure, Thor was comfortable enough he allowed him to interact with Tony. Once Thor got the go-ahead he had walked into the common room and swiftly picked little Tony up. Tony had stared at Thor nonplussed, confused at being picked up so abruptly. Pepper knew Tony loved to be held and picked up, but Pepper could only do the former because she wasn’t strong enough to hold Tony. Thor had pulled the bag out from behind him Pepper had given him. In it were blocks, legos, and cars. Thor had set Tony down and showed him the toys and encouraged him to play. It Tony a bit to relax around Thor enough to enjoy his play time. Tony began laughing uncontrollably when Thor smashed two cars together. Pepper had hated to break them up, but Tony needed to be bathed and fed and put to bed. Tony had shyly asked if Thor could be with him when it was time to eat. Thor had been ecstatic that Tony wanted him there. Pepper was now able to leave and manage SI now that she knew Tony was in safe hands. She was surprised to return one day and see Bruce on the floor with Tony and Thor playing. Though that had been weeks ago, now he was attached to Thor at the hip. Bruce fed him and took him down to the workshop when he was big and little, while Thor took care of everything else. With Thor and Bruce, the nightmares had disappeared, and he was happy. Pepper sighed in annoyance as her phone rang again. No doubt was calling to discuss the Avengers and their return. She had managed to ignore all his calls through Jarvis, but she knew she couldn’t avoid him forever. There would be rules if she allowed them back, there was no way she wouldn’t let them mess up Tony’s happiness. “What?” Pepper said irritably. “About time you answered Miss. Potts.” Fury said. Pepper could hear the annoyance in his voice; he had called at least thirty times in last month, Pepper never answered; more focused on Tony. “You’re lucky I’m answering now, so cut to the chase.” “It’s time Miss. Potts. The Avengers can’t be the Avengers if they're in two different parts of the world.” “Tony is-“ “Yes he’s little, and hurt, but Jarvis has been sending me reports on his wellbeing. He has support and is healing. You and I both know that how the Avengers feel about each other is unimportant. There is a bigger picture.” Fury stated. “They hurt him!” Pepper yelled. After all, he’s done for them! They wouldn’t even be getting back into the damn country if it wasn’t for him!” In the back of her mind, she knew everything Fury was saying was practical. He was undoubtedly a man of practicality and had even flown to Wakanda to chew the Avengers out. He also came to the Tower to chew Tony out as well, but Pepper wasn’t having any of that. Pepper glanced over to Tony and Thor and saw Tony was now watching her intently sucking every now and again on the pacifier hanging out of his mouth. When he was in his little headspace, he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
Infantilism
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Bad Team Dynamics
Team as Family
eventually
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Littles Are Known
little Tony
Baby Tony
Daddy Thor
uncle bruce
Daddy Steve
Fluff and Angst
Not Wanda Friendly
at first
Not Clint Friendly
Steve Tries
Protective Thor
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Avengers
Little Peter
Protective Bucky Barnes
Diapers
Tony-centric
Insecure Tony
Little Headspace
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

