Work Text:
Wade carries him home bridal-style and Peter shouldn’t laugh about this, but he does, because it’s so damn funny seeing Wade so grumpy and cranky."I’m fine!” he insists for the thirtieth time stifling a giggle as his boyfriend climbs the external fire escape to reach the window of their apartment. "Really, Rhino didn’t hit me that hard. I didn’t even feel it.""Bullshit." Wade grumbles lifting the windowpane and entering, Peter clinging to his neck. "Now I’m going to lay you down on our majestic bed, undress you in a totally not sexy way and look for wounds on your body and if that asshole broke your bones or…""No broken bones." Peter reassures him patting his back. "A lot of sore spots and aching muscles, yes, but…"Wade gently puts him down on the soft mattress and removes their masks, locking eyes with him. He looks angry, worried, sad, panicked."You could have died.” he growls, fists clenched at his sides, gritting his teeth. All his mixed emotions are coming loud and clear from him, Peter can recognize them on his face without problems.“Wade…” he starts, but the merc snarls and flops onto a chair, rubbing his eyes and shaking his head.“I’m not a child, you know.” Peter gruffly says, feeling a bit annoyed. He knows he has to be more careful, that he doesn’t have Wade’s healing factor and that a good blow could kill him instantly. Still he is aware of his limits as well as his capacities and his stubbornness doesn’t let him admit that sometimes he’s too cocky on the battlefield.“I shouldn’t have joked so much during the battle, I got distracted, that’s true. But I’m not that weak.” he continues and he frowns when his boyfriend lets out a mirthless, ironic snort. “Hey!”“Why are you such a… a…!” Wade hastily gets up, throwing his arms up in the air, then sighs, not finding the good words. “I can’t always be there to put some bullets into Rhino’s ass and save you from the rubbles, Peter. Do you have any idea of how I feel when I know you are fighting and I’m away on a mission?” He glares at him, but it’s not that kind of angry glare that he uses for his enemies or when one of his plans doesn’t go accordingly. It’s that glare that is only for Peter, full of strong sentiments, emotions and worry the merc isn’t able express with words.The pain in his voice turns Peter’s stubbornness into guilt.“Wade…” he repeats softly. He opens wide his arms and Wade lets out a tiny whimper before hugging him, careful not to squeeze too much.“I… I hate when you fight, Peter. It’s sexy as hell, your ass looks spectacular - spectacular, get it? -, but…” the merc sighs, a hand gripping gently the brown hair. “But now that we are together… I mean, I am a nervous wreck! I was before too, but now it’s different, now I panic if I can’t see you around me during a battle!”“I know.” Peter laughs, ignoring the small pain this causes him. “I saw how you always keep an eye on me. It’s exasperating and so cute at the same time.”“I’m not cute.” Wade grumbles. “I’m manly as hell.”“Of course you are, honey.”Peter gently pulls him away to look at him and the merc runs a finger across his cheek, where a black bruise is appearing.“Promise me you’ll be more careful.”The young man sighs, but when Wade pinches his cheek he yelps and babbles frenetically: “I promise, I promise! I’ll be the most careful superhero of New York!” He laughs again and presses a kiss on the merc’s lips.“Thanks for saving me today.”One of Wade’s hands slowly goes down his thigh, while the other starts tugging at the Spider-Man costume.“Let me check your body.” he murmurs between kisses and Peter muffles his snort using Wade’s neck.“That’s the best excuse you’ve ever used to see me naked.”“Shut up, web-head.” Wade smacks his arm - not too strong - and grins at him as he finally removes the lower and upper half of the suit. But his smile doesn’t last long. “Jesus fuck! Peter, look at these bruises!”“It’s fine, Wade! They don’t hurt as much as before.”The merc swears something, then takes the small medkit they keep in the nightstand, disinfecting and bandaging every single wound or black mark he finds.“Don’t be so grumpy.” Peter jokes caressing the other man’s neck to calm him. He laughs when he shoots him his ‘Peter-I’m-worried-for-you-stop-joking’ glare. “I’m already feeling better thanks to you.” He leans in, whispering into his ear with a lascivious smile. “So much better than I can thank you appropriately now.”Wade pretends not to feel the already slight-hard erection pressed on his leg.“Later.” he says with an admirable blank face and Peter thinks he must be really worried if he’s refusing sex.He presses himself further into the big body and Wade gasps.“You sure~?” Peter sings licking his nose and mouth, grinding against the other’s stomach. “Are you 100% sure? Positive?”“… Yes.”“Wade, your eyes are practically screaming ‘I want to fuck you’.”The merc stops for a second, seems to think hard about what to do, then gets up from the bed again and retrieves the lube 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Humor
Explicit Sexual Content
Worried!Wade
Spideypool Day

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

