Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Thanos begins his approach, the Avengers reunite. The Winter Soldier is still in cryo in Wakanda. Tony Stark has been building a second Avengers compound in Southeastern France. They are leaving the next day.
Tony is the only one that has ever seen Peter outside of his Spider-Man suit. He introduces him to the group as his "intern." 
Peter waves and says hi, and he pretends not to notice the Black Widow tilt her head at his voice and give Tony a look. Falcon narrows his eyes and frowns at him, and yeah, okay, maybe Peter had been a little chatty the last time they saw each other. Maybemaybemaybe Wilson recognizes his voice. 
"Tony," Cap says, "this is a kid. What is he doing here."
Tony just gestures noncommittally at Peter and says again, "He's my intern." But this time he adds in his smarmy fast-talk, "He's my best intern. Kid's a genius. There's nothing he can't handle. Go on, try him."
The Avengers—the freaking Avengers, and yeah he's met most of them before but he hasn't really met them met them and he still can't believe it—just kind of look at him skeptically, and Peter can feel his face falling and his excitement deflating. Bruce Banner breaks the silence.
"Well, I'll take an herbal tea! Lemon ginger, if you have it."
Peter grins. "I can do that," he says. But before he can leave, Captain Rogers speaks up.
"Tony, he's a kid. Why is he coming with?"
"Oh he's not fighting," Tony said. Peter is surprised, but he tries not to show it. "He's 14; do you think I'm crazy?"
"I'm 16, Mr. Stark."
"Since when?"
"Last month, Mr. Stark."
"Huh. See, Rogers? He's all grown up and ready for not-battle."
They all argue, and Peter slips out and gets Dr. Banner's tea in the kitchen. When he returns, they're still arguing. He slips behind the couches and hands over the blue mug without a word. Banner takes a sip and his eyes light up.
"Let's keep him!" he says excitedly. Tony grins, Steve sighs, and Natasha and Sam scowl like they're thinking.

Peter goes with them to Europe. He gets his own room in the compound, where the suit is hung up in his closet. Everyone calls it EC in the beginning. Peter starts calling it ECho. It sticks.
Everybody gets attached. The kid starts out as an intern, but he ends up being some kind of group morality pet. They watch their language in front of him, and sometimes when he asks questions about what they're doing, they stop to consider if they should be doing it at all. He knows that, and sometimes he makes them question themselves on purpose.
He addresses them ridiculously formally. "Dr. Banner" finds it charming how reverent Peter gets. It gets on "Mr. Wilson's" nerves. Peter just smiles sweetly and asks if he can help with anything. Sam grumbles about a cheery pain in the ass and storms off. "Ms. Romanov" assures him that Sam is grumpy like that with everyone.
If anyone has figured out his alter ego, they don't mention it.
Peter doesn't know when to shut the hell up, but Bruce doesn't mind. What kind of intern would he be if he didn't take advantage of every opportunity to learn? Plus, Tony had said he was a genius, and Bruce is starting to realize that he wasn't exaggerating. It was actually kind of nice that the kid was able to fill the silence in the lab so effectively. It made Bruce feel less alone.
He's also the first one to realize that Peter is more than just an intern. Peter is so excited to be involved in an experiment, he doesn't stop to think about how his DNA might look different than a normal teenager's. So when Bruce performed the test to compare their DNA markers—really, it's just for fun; Peter always looks so fascinated by that kind of stuff—he immediately recognizes strange markers in Peter's. 
"That's odd," he says to himself. When he turns to elaborate, the lab is empty. He keeps digging through the DNA for clues.
Natasha is the second person, closely followed by Sam. They both recognized his voice from somewhere, but neither can quite place it. Natasha realizes when Peter mentions The Empire Strikes Back to her. Sam realizes while they're discussing the carbon fiber in his wings. They both promise not to tell anyone.
Thor, of course, could feel it right away, but he didn't know it was a secret, and thus didn't think it worth sharing. No one counts him.
Vision finds out fourth because he's not big on walls or doors. Peter had been working on the suit in his room when he  shifted through. He told Wanda before Peter could swear him to secrecy.
Steve is the last to know. He tends to avoid Tony, and thus he inadvertently  avoids Peter as well. Peter has taken to wearing his web shooters around to make things easier. Natasha steals one off him—partially to prove she could to Peter, who had expressed doubts—and she's checking it out when Steve walks in. When he asks to see it too, she hands it over without a word.
Peter tries to stop him from spraying himself in the face. He really does, no matter how hard he laughs after it happens. 
Havin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker (mentioned)

freeform: 
Internship
Avengers: Infinity War
Not!Fic
Secret Identity

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker (mentioned)

