Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Rhodey walked in just as Tony was approaching a full-blown panic attack, diffusing most of the illogical reaction that he couldn't help from having at the realization he was getting attached. Attachment rarely ended will for him (see also: Stane, Stone, Stark, Maria, et al.).But every once in a while it went okay (see also: Pepper, Jarvis, Rhodey, the bots). And this time he’d rather hope it went well than expect that it wouldn't.“Honeybear!”“I will not converse with you until you know what converse means.”Tony tilted his head and returned to the coffee machine. “Is it something dirty?” he asked, smirking.“Nice try.” He turned to the others in the room. “Colonel James Rhodes. Jim or Rhodey.”“Steve,” Steve said. He would not freak out over being able to call Captain America Steve. He was a professional.“Romanov.” Natasha allowed. That might be the single most terrifying thing anyone had ever said to him, and it was her name. Tony wasn't kidding about that, Rhodey noted.“Bruce.” The Hulk was this guy? He looked like a Muppet. Maybe the Hulk was really Kermit, on some serious steroids.Clint shifted a little under Rhodey’s gaze, almost guiltily. “Clint Barton.” he stated evenly enough to appease for the moment.“And I am Thor, Odinson. Well met, Colonel!” Thor boomed, breaking the tension in the room. “I am sure brother Stark would welcome you himself, but he has not yet taken his morning elixir.”“Coffee, Thor.” Clint said. “Coffee.”“May as well be an elixir,” Rhodey replied. “What with the ridiculous reliance Tony has on the stuff.”Tony mumbled something that sounded distinctly unflattering under his breath and took in the scent of the heating beans.
Rhodey waited. He and Tony were in the shop, and it had been quiet for quite some time now. Tony had something he wanted to talk about, but wasn't sure how to bring up. So he waited and thought and wondered what was going through his best friend’s head.“I think I might be dating Clint.” was not what Rhodey had expected to come out of that mouth.“...What?”“Well, we've only been on the one date but - did Pepper tell you about the presents? He gave me a bunch of presents.”“Is that where RC came from?” Rhodey asked, as the tiny car in question zoomed between his feet.“Yes.”“And the fish.”“Casper.”“Right. Of course.” Rhodey closed his eyes and inhaled. “Do you want to be dating Clint?”“Yeah. I… Yeah.”Oh, he was far gone over the archer. “Why didn't Pep tell me?” Rhodey asked. The two of them actively schemed together to keep Tony alive, happy, and sane. They weren't particularly effective, but Tony appreciated the effort anyway.“I asked her not to. I wanted to talk to you first.”Rhodey nodded. Fair enough, he thought. “So. What do you want to talk about?”“Well… Should I tell him about…” Tony didn't finish. Rhodey didn't need him to, and leaned back from the project they were working on, thinking. Tony let him, knowing Rhodey didn't want to give him bad advice.“I think you should, at least a little.” He said eventually. “The two of you are going to run into the guy eventually, especially with his company taking off like it has. Seriously, he takes ‘crazy ex’ to a whole new level.”“Yeah.” Tony sighed. “So.” Rhodey said, deciding to change the subject (he could always tell when Tony had hit his limit of serious, dark conversation). “What sorts of presents did he woo you with, damsel?”Tony’s shriek of outrage made him laugh. He’d corner the archer later for the shovel talk. He was fairly sure Pepper had already done so, but. Well. Tony needed as many people in his corner as he could get.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone - Character
Clint Barton & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov & Clint Barton

freeform: 
Past Abuse
crazy ex
Shovel Talk
Tony Feels
Team as Family
Protective Avengers
Hurt/Comfort
Kidnapping
Capture
Rescue
Tony Whump
Hurt Tony
Canon-Typical Violence
Beating
Panic Attacks
Scarring
PTSD
Flashbacks
Anxiety Attacks
mild autophobia
Loneliness
Recovery
Cuddling
Kisses

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone - Character
Clint Barton & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Phil Coulson
Natasha Romanov & Clint Barton

