Work Text:

Before the war
Bucky pushed Steve to his knees, then ran a hard thumb across his lower lip. “Whore,” Bucky spat, gripping his jaw hard.“Hands behind your back,” Bucky ordered, and Steve obeyed quickly, his head bowing toward the ground.It was intoxicating: the immediate submission, the strain of Steve’s small muscles as they rushed to be where Bucky ordered.Bucky tied Steve’s wrists together with a handkerchief. He pulled the wrists forward to force Steve’s kneeling body to bend over, his face at the ground. “Worthless cunt,” Bucky growled, gripping the back of Steve’s neck. With the other hand, he slapped Steve’s ass, the force pushing Steve’s whole body forward, leaving a bright red mark as wide as Bucky’s hand on his cheeks.Steve was breathing hard already.Bucky leaned over to whisper in his ear. “You like that, don’t you? Pervert.” Steve’s body stiffened, and Bucky ran a soft hand down his back. “Tell me you want me to hurt you.”Steve paused. “Hurt me,” Steve said quietly. “What was that?”“Please hurt me, Buck,” Steve said, a little louder. His face was bright red.Bucky slapped Steve’s ass again, five times in a row, hard. Steve lowered his head, his knees firmly planted on the hard wooden floor. Bucky wondered if he had gone too far, but then Steve whimpered, “Harder.”Bucky spanked him twice more, as hard as he could, one hand on Steve’s shoulder to stop him from being thrown head first at the floor.Steve was panting, and Bucky started to lift him up, but Steve resisted. “Use your belt,” Steve said, still gasping. Bucky paused. “You won’t be able to sit tomorrow,” he said.“I’ll like it,” Steve promised.Bucky sat back. Steve got up on his knees again, leaned toward Bucky, his hands still bound behind him. “Please, Buck. I like the idea of being reminded of you all day.” He stared at Bucky with big, pleading eyes.Bucky slowly took off his belt.  “Bend over, you sissy whore,” he said, less fire in his voice than before.Steve immediately moved back to position.Bucky let his belt fly, leaving a bright pink stripe across Steve’s ass and a whimper echoing in Bucky’s ears.He hit him again, this time on the thighs. Steve cried out.“Should I stop?” “No, keep going. Please, Buck.”Bucky hit him again and again. A couple times, the belt wrapped around and hit Steve in the front, but Steve insisted that he keep going. Eventually, Steve started crying, then shaking, but Bucky was afraid to say anything. Steve’s pride was wounded easily, and Bucky knew he’d rather take any amount of physical pain than have his best friend imply he wasn’t holding up well. He kept going for a good five minutes and then dropped the belt. He hoped it was enough.He wanted to hold Steve close, to carry him to bed, but he wasn’t sure Steve would allow it. It was hard sometimes to know when Steve would slip out of the game, would suddenly become the guy who never needs anyone’s help. “Lie there and think about what a sick pervert whore you are,” Bucky said, and went over to sit on the bed. He rested his head in his hands.He really shouldn’t be this turned on after beating the hell out of his best friend. He wondered how the two of them got like this, all twisted up. He looked over at Steve, lying obediently on the floor, face down. Bucky’s stomach lurched as he saw the bruises blooming on Steve’s body: the shoulder, where Bucky gripped him. The arm too, and his jaw. Ass and thighs soon to be covered in black and blue.If anyone else had put a bruise on Steve, Bucky would have beat the shit out of them.Which is probably what Bucky deserved too.In the morning, Steve wouldn’t even be able to look at him, Bucky knew. He wouldn’t be angry at Bucky, but he would be ashamed at what he had asked for, and especially for liking it.Bucky understood.He forced himself to look at Steve again, to look at the bruises and welts. He swallowed and said, “Come over here, whore.” Steve managed to stand up and walk over to him. He looked weak, confused.“Shit, Steve,” Bucky said, suddenly noticing Steve’s pink hands. “You should have told me I tied you too tight.” “I liked it,” Steve said, defiance in his eyes, and Bucky knew better than to argue. He quickly untied Steve’s hands and rubbed Steve’s palms between his own, hoping to improve their circulation.“My hands are fine,” Steve said, looking down to imply that there were other parts of his body that needed attention more.Bucky smiled. He pulled Steve onto the bed, careful not to let him land on his bruises. “Good, because I still have plans for you,” he said, and Steve smiled back, eyes gleaming, grateful to be next to Bucky once more.--
During the war
Between hearing the loose talk of soldiers and visiting more than a few houses of ill repute, Bucky eventually figured out that there were a whole lot of people in the world who liked the same things he liked. So even if he was totally screwed up, he sure wasn’t alone.When Steve found him, Bucky was glad to find out Steve wasn’t embarrassed to talk abou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Kink
Kink Negotiation
Safe Sane and Consensual
Safewords
No Safeword
Unsafe Kink Practices
Bossy Bottom!Steve
extreme kink
Rough Body Play
Spanking
Belts
Whipping
Caning
Predicament Bondage
Bondage
Figging
Non-Con Roleplay
Romance
Nipple Play
Name-Calling
limits
internet research
Manipulation
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Misogynistic Terms
Anti-Kink Terms
Talking About the Past
References to Homophobia
Kink Shame
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

