Work Text:
The thing about turning down Mr. Stark’s offer to be an Avenger is this: Peter still really wants to be an Avenger. He zones out in class, envisioning himself stood shoulder to shoulder with the team, shaking the Mayor Jameson’s hand and receiving the keys to the city.But fame isn’t the reason Peter puts on the suit everyday. The Avengers aren’t the reason Peter puts his body between innocent people and harm. It’s about responsibility. If Mr. Stark asked him to join again, Peter would still say no.But knowing that doesn’t stop the twist in his stomach when Karen says, “The Avengers are assembling in Greenwich Village. Tony Stark has requested your presence.”Peter had pulled the mask on out of the boredom. May is at work, and Ned and MJ are at school. Karen is always there to talk to him, and her presence keeps his feverish thoughts from straying into weird or frightening territory. Peter props himself up on his elbows.“He wants me there?” Peter asks, shoving off the sweat-damp blankets pulled up to his chin. “Me, specifically?”
“He has sent out the call for all current members and auxiliary staff to attend to the fight, yes.”
“Auxiliary staff,” Peter says.
“An inter-dimensional rift has opened above Dr. Strange’s place of residence. The creatures pouring out of the rift are attempting to tear down the neighbouring apartment buildings.”
“Inter-dimensional rift,” Peter says. He shucks off his pyjamas, and scrubs his face with force, trying to physically rub away the heat clinging to his skin. “That’s so cool.”
“Shall I let Tony Stark know you won’t be able to make it?”
“What? No!” Peter is glad that he hadn’t blabbed to Happy about falling sick a few days ago, even if his secretiveness was born almost entirely out of embarrassment. (Superhumans shouldn’t get sick. If he can catch a bus with his bare hands, the bug going around his high school should not be enough to leave him bedridden.)“You’re sick, Peter.” Karen sounds like a calmer version of May. “You shouldn’t go out and fight inter-dimensional beings when you’re sick.”“Mr. Stark needs me.”
“Tony Stark has a dozen or so heroes for these types of situations. You were one of the first people he called, but he’ll understand if you’re ill and can’t—”
Warmth bubbles up in Peter’s stomach. He smiles goofily at the tangled blankets spilling off his mattress. “I was one of the first people he called? Me? In a list that included, like, Black Widow?”Peter pulls his spider suit out from beneath a pile of laundry, gives it a quick sniff—not great, but he’s worn worse—and tugs it on. The excitement keeps him from feeling cold and shivery, and the ache that’s settled deep in his bones is easy to ignore. He hops from one foot to the other as he shimmies it over his hips.
“You should get back into bed.”
“Pshaw, I’ll be fine.”
“You have a fever of 102.”
“Come on, Karen. This is worth pushing through a little cold for.”
“This is not a ‘little cold.’ If you exert yourself in this condition, you could raise your fever to near-deadly temperatures, or you might make a fatal mistake in battle because of your impaired judgement and slower reflexes.”
“You know, Karen, that’s what I love about you,” Peter says, as he slides open his window and crawls out of his bedroom, “you’re always so optimistic.”   It takes over an hour to get to Greenwich Village. Peter web-slings part of the way, and latches onto the back of cars and a train the rest, but he finally makes it. Iron Man is already there, along with Falcon, Vision, and Black Widow.A spidery, psychedelic crack has splintered the sky. The hole is black and rimmed with stars. The beings that have crawled their way into this dimensional are scattered around the street, laying waste to the apartment buildings.“Dr. Strange did this?” Peter asks, wiping at his covered temple with the back of his glove. It’s still winter, edging into spring, but it’s so hot. Global warming, such a bitch. “Man, his neighbours must hate him.”
“Several people have already filed lawsuits.”
A thing with a fleshy torso and at least eight arms collides with a Prius parked on the curb. Peter kicks off the ground, and restrains it with a burst of webbing. Another thing made of vicious, yellow paste tries to jump him, and Peter punches it away. Part of its body disconnects and splashes into a gooey heap.“Did I just break it APART? With my FIST?”
“Don’t worry, that’s normal with fourth dimensional beings.”
“That’s gross, but also ridiculously cool.”Another being leaps for him. He jerks aside, and stumbles over his feet. His heart is beating fast, and the skin around his ribs feels very thin. The stretched, shaky feeling is the excitement of a fight; the sweat building beneath the suit is from exertion; the hot tightness in his throat and behind his eyes is exhaustion. It’s a long way from Queens to Greenwhich. Of course Peter would be tired. It doesn’t mean anything.“Your fever is rising,” Karen tells him. “You shouldn’t be fighting in this condition.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hiding Medical Issues
Sickfic
Sick Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

