Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Day 17: Blood/Gore | Costume | Massage
There was a rustling behind him and Peter whipped around, shotgun up and pointed but wavering from the onset of his heat. There was nothing in sight, but that didn't mean much of anything. His eyesight was watering a bit already and since the zombie apocalypse started, the fuckers were a lot less easy to spot than media had indicated beforehand. Because of their colouring and rotting and general falling-apartness, they tended to blend in with the scenery every season of the year, especially autumn. Which it currently was.He eyed everything carefully, waited a few moments, but no rambler appeared so he continued on to the abandoned gas station he planned on spending his heat in. It was already picked mostly clean, only a few spare bits of merchandise strewn about. It wasn't going to be comfortable, but at least he was in somewhere instead of out in the open. Which made it a hundred times better than some of the heats he'd had since the apocalypse.The back room was the only space without windows and he prepared a nest as best as he could, setting out his meager supplies he'd scavenged the last few days. He made a final sweep of the whole of the whole gas station, making sure to check every corner and the storage closets, and under every box, just to make sure there wasn't some sort of severed zombie head or hand or leg laying around ready to cause trouble. When he was sure the area was secure, he roped the front doors shut and went to back, stripped down, and laid down to take a nap before the real fun began.
When Peter woke up, he was in the full throes of his heat, his hole aching to be filled and his cock throbbing painfully against his belly. He was already on his hands and knees, arching back into the air. He'd already pulled out his dildo before his heat and laid it at his side, one with an inflatable knot and thank god he had one of those before the zombies because when the apocalypse hit, all the stores with heat supplies had been raided to replace everyone's battery-operated dildos since batteries were needed for more important things than dildos.He reached for it but there was was already something pushing into him. He jerked forward and whipped around, feeling all the blood leaving his face at the naked, massive zombie behind him, cock engorged and wet at the tip from Peter's slick. He reached blindly for his knife and the zombie growled, alpha fangs bared. It tackled him as he got the sheath off and twisted onto his side as he swung wildly. The thing's scarred belly split open but that didn't stop it. It pinned Peter to the ground, and even in death, it was still stronger than Peter from its alpha strength, especially compared to Peter's heat-weakness.The thing pinned him on his back and snarled, easily getting between Peter's legs. Peter snarled back as he kept swinging, trying to knock the things head off before it either got its dick back into him or ate him, but fingers stronger than they should be for the fact that they were falling apart caught his wrists and pinned them at his sides."No no no no no," Peter chanted desperately, struggling as the zombie bore down on him, covering Peter with the blood and gore still spilling out from his stomach, making his stomach wet and slippery in a completely disgusting way. "Pleeeaaase no," he begged, tears falling from his eyes.The media always portrayed omegas as needy for a knot during their heat, which was technically true, but they were always in control of that need. Even at the height of their heats, an omega always knew who they'd take and who they wouldn't, they always made sure the alpha in them was the one they wanted there. Peter, for all that he needed a cock in him, did not want to get fucked by a zombie alpha. But what he wanted didn't seem to matter.Peter screamed as the zombie began pushing into him, its cock hard and thick even at the tip despite the rotting prevalent in the rest of its body. The zombie bared its teeth again as Peter tried to pull his hips back, hoping the clothing he was laying on would slide on the linoleum. The zombie roared in his face and pulled his wrists hard enough to tug Peter, hard, onto the full length of his cock. All Peter could do was try to struggle as he sobbed at the feeling of it: horrifyingly satisfying.It only got more horrifying as the zombie began to fuck him with an ever-present snarl, fangs and gums bared as he took Peter so hard that he knew he was going to bruise from it. No matter how hard he struggled, the zombie had his thighs split open wide to accommodate its girth and had his wrists pressed down tight to the cold floor. All he could do was cry as it took him, as it fucked hard into him, and then cry harder when he started to moan when it shifted just right and began to hit his prostate.His arousal, which hadn't waned, even during the too-short fight an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Apocalypse
Apocalypse
Alternate Universe - Zombie Apocalypse
Zombie Apocalypse
creature wade
Zombie Wade
Human Peter
Omega Verse
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rape/Non-con Elements
Top Wade
Bottom Peter
First Time
Anal
Anal Sex
Biting
Marking
Mating
Mating Bites
Mating Bond
Knotting
Blood
Gore
Blood and Gore
Violence
Cannibalism
is a zombie's diet still considered cannibalism
Breeding
Pregnancy
Unplanned Pregnancy
just mentions of
Children
really just mentioned at the end is all
they're really not in the story much
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Kinktober
Kinktober 2017
lotsa tags so let me know if i missed one

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

