Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
                 Phil’s alarm goes off at 5:55. Batman calls him at 5:56, which leaves Phil with the uncomfortable idea that Batman knows what time his alarm goes off, and waited until Phil was awake to call him. The last time Batman called Phil, he wasn’t nearly as considerate.                Phil answers the call and holds the phone to his ear, hoping that the consideration is an indication of a lesser emergency. “Phil Coulson,” he says.                “That woman you’re looking for,” Batman says, without preamble. “She’s in Gotham.” There is a brief silence while Phil processes that, and then Batman adds a slightly subdued, “Good morning.”                “Good morning,” Phil says. Manners, as he is constantly reminding Jason, are free. “Are you requesting SHIELD assistance?”                He’d asked the same thing last time.
                Are you requesting SHIELD assistance? 

                No. I need you to tell me if Red Hood’s behind this. 
                “I am not requesting assistance.”Phil supposes that’s better than last time, although still not particularly helpful. “Then I’m not sure why you’re calling.”                The silence stretches so long that Phil thinks Batman hung up on him. He’s about to say something, test the connection, when Batman finally speaks. “The woman you’re looking for,” he says, again. “She’s in Gotham.”                The woman in question – the Black Widow, the redheaded spy – been causing complications for the past two years. Phil’s been collecting data on her since his unit formed, but all he has on her is a worryingly extensive list of probable kills, a tenuous connection to Hydra, and a series of failed attempts to capture or kill her.                Bucky seems to know something about her that he doesn’t feel inclined to share. And Jason had said, once, off-hand, while leaning his chair back, feet propped up on Phil’s desk, “Oh, yeah, she’s the shithead that shot Robin awhile back. Which I take pretty personally. If anyone’s gonna kill that spooky little bastard, it’s me.”                It had seemed incongruous even then, the nonchalance Jason was projecting. Phil’s seen Jason be indifferent to any number of things, but never to violence. And Phil’s doubts about the sincerity of Jason’s indifference to Robin were verified two months ago, when Batman called Phil at 3:00am to report that someone had stolen Robin in the middle of his patrol. Left nothing of him behind, except a domino mask and a blood-spattered joker card.                “And if we go to Gotham,” Phil says, carefully, “to retrieve her, will you--”                “We’ll help you.” Batman says, brisk. “This time, this woman. That’s it.”                Phil understands that this is some kind of exchange.                Jason had mentioned this might happen. After he found Robin and returned him to Gotham, he’d come back cagey and sullen. He’d spat in the face of the man from payroll who’d asked if that was family leave or vacation time. He’d picked a fight with Clint. Phil had considered requisitioning heavy sedatives.                And then, after Bucky returned from his mission and took Jason down to the basement-level gym and they both came back marked up in ways Coulson feels no inclination to think about too deeply, Jason had settled into the chair in Phil’s office to drink Phil’s coffee and bitch about his former mentor.                “I told the old man he didn’t owe me a Goddamn thing. I didn’t fucking do it for him, you know?” He’d said, glaring down at his empty coffee cup until Phil finally refilled it for him. “But he might do something. I dunno. Just fucking—be aware that Batman might be in our shit for a while. He’s not good at owing people anything. He’ll try to settle up. He’ll be a fucking asshole about it.”                Jason hadn’t been especially tolerant of perceived debts, either, in the beginning. But he’s been slowly acclimating to the idea that teamwork doesn’t necessarily run on some bizarre barter economy. He’s adjusting to the concept that you don’t have to pay your teammates back; you just have to be a team.                Phil’s not sure that this woman is worth the kind of debt that Batman owes them. And he’s not sure he wants to take his team into Gotham to settle that debt in the first place.                “You are aware,” he says, “that our objective is to execute her?”                “If you do that,” Batman says, immediately, “we will not work together again.”                Phil wonders if he’s being played. He wonders if Batman is testing them, or just looking for a reason to write them off. He wonders if Batman wants them out of Gotham, permanently, and the most efficient way he’s found is to let them alienate themselves.                Phil could point out that her list of crimes virtually guarantees that someone is going to execute her. If she’s not put to death in the U.S., she’ll be extradited to some oth
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Timelines
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
Bat Family
Phil Coulson Has the Patience of a Saint
Suicidal Thoughts
Interrogation
Platonic Cuddling
Team as Family

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd/Tony Stark

