Chapter 1



Notes:
This chapter takes place during 2x05 of Arrow




Chapter Text
“I’m happy to hear you’re not dead anymore. I mean, I…. didn’t know you before you died the first time…I’m just happy you’re alive.” Felicity babbled when she met Sara Lance.“You’re cute.”“We just had an uninvited guest at the Queen Mansion.” Oliver spoke up. “Trained. Highly skilled. And he was dressed like Merlyn.”“Well, last I checked Malcolm Merlyn was dead. Courtesy of an arrow through his heart.” Diggle responded.“It wasn’t him. It was a follower…. an underling bent on revenge. Whoever it was, he knows who I am.” Oliver handed Felicity a soil sample he'd found at the mansion.“Gee, I didn’t get you a bag of dirt.”“I found it in the house. Copycat Merlyn tracked it in. I want you to analyze it. Hopefully it’ll lead me right to him.”“Then what?”“If this pretender wants to follow Malcolm Merlyn so badly, he can follow him right into a grave.” Oliver replied. “Sara, we’ll find this guy.“No one noticed how the look on Sara’s face changed once Oliver began talking. She mentally braced herself for what was about to happen. She turned to face the trio. “I don’t want you to.”“What do you mean?” Oliver asked in confusion.“He wasn’t after you, Ollie. He’s after me.”“Who is he?”“He’s called Al-Owal, the First. And he’s a member of the League of Assassins.” Sara admitted. Oliver walked a few feet away from Sara and just tried to process what she just said. Another teammate was having a slight panic attack. Let’s hope I can lie better than Oliver.“Wait, wait. The League of Assassins. I thought they were a myth.” Digg asked.“What’s the League of Assassins? And please don’t say a league made up of assassins.” Felicity said. Did that sound convincing? I hope so.“It was an urban legend, I heard about them in Afghanistan from a tribal leader. He claimed there was an ancient sect of assassins, deadly warriors that killed and vanished like ghosts.” Digg answered. “Thought he was smoking what he was selling.”“I tried to tell you Ollie but you wouldn’t listen.”“That’s where you’ve been the past four years. That’s where you learned to fight. You’re one of them.” Oliver said angrily.Sara nodded. “After the freighter, a member of the League rescued me, took me in, and brought me to Nanda Parbat. They remade me, into what I am. And I swore them my allegiance.”
And luckily, I never ran into you when I was taken there, otherwise meeting you would’ve been really awkward.
“Why are they kicking down doors trying to find you now?” Digg asked.“Because I left, and there’s only one way you leave the League.”“Is that why you didn’t want to see your family?” Oliver asked, still angry.Sara responded by telling the story of an assignment she was on last year. She concluded by telling Oliver her family wouldn’t want to see a murderer like her. Sara watched warily as Felicity placed the dirt sample from Oliver’s house into the mass spectrometer. The bubbly blonde seemed a little too calm after hearing about the League of Assassins. Sara just wanted to make sure she was okay.“Sorry if I upset you earlier.” Sara said as a neutral way to open the conversation.“We all join clubs we wish we hadn’t. Took me a year to get out of that gym membership.” Felicity responded, trying to sound supportive. She began fiddling with the machine as she spoke. Plus, I can’t really throw stones at the whole ‘secret life’ house.Sara gave a small chuckle before replying. “Thank you.”Felicity looked up at the other blonde. “For what?”“Not making me feel like what I am.” She then turned so she was addressing both Felicity and Digg. “Oliver’s lucky to have you both as friends. He hasn’t always had the best luck in that area.”“How’d it go with your mother?” Digg asked as Oliver walked into the lair.“Not well. Have you found somebody for me to hit yet?”Felicity directed Oliver towards an abandoned warehouse where he might be able to find their League of Assassins assassin. A few hours later, Sara was leaving the city. The blonde realized that the only way she could keep her family safe from the League was to leave. And to hope they wouldn’t stick around.Felicity was conflicted. On one hand, she didn’t like Sara being forced to leave the home and family she’d just returned to. On the other, with Sara gone, the League would hopefully leave and her own not insignificant secrets would stay safe. The hacker was lucky that none of the assassin sent to Starling knew her personally.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Felicity Smoak
Nyssa al Ghul/Sara Lance
Sara Lance/Oliver Queen
John Diggle/Lyla Michaels
Roy Harper/Thea Queen
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Crossover
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
HYDRA is it's own warning
Post-Season/Series 02 AU
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Everyone Has Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Psychological Trauma
Aftermath of Torture
How many characters can I fit into one story?

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Felicity Smoak
Nyssa al Ghul/Sara Lance
Sara Lance/Oliver Queen
John Diggle/Lyla Michaels
Roy Harper/Thea Queen
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

