Work Text:
“It suits you.” Loki’s voice didn’t surprise him, he had come to expect these appearances from his brother. So he calmly continued to pour his drink, took the glass in one hand, the stopper of the bottle in the other. There in front of him, Loki stood, smiling the ever present smile. Whether he was cocky, Thor couldn’t quite tell. It did not matter. “Your help was invaluable to us…,” he trailed off, threw the stopper in the air and caught it again. “If you were here I might even hug you.” When he threw the stopper he expected the noise of metal on metal once it went through his brother’s illusion. Instead, Loki caught it. He was here, and something in Thor broke loose. The glass fell to the floor, the distance between them was gone and Loki was in his arms, stiff at first, then relaxing against his body. He hadn’t felt the warmth of his brother’s body against him in years, longer than he thought he could live without. They used to be so close, these hugs used to be so frequent. Now he held onto him tightly, afraid this might be an illusion after all. Afraid Loki might leave again. After everything that happened, how different their paths had become, something had always stayed the same. They were brothers. And now Loki was responsible for their people being safe. Without him it might not have happened, without him Asgard might have been lost. Maybe their paths could converge again. That thought had been deep inside him for a long time and today, today he had faith that it wasn’t just a foolish hope anymore. It could become truth. “Brother, have you become sentimental?,” Loki asked, the crack in his voice betraying him. “What with the destruction of our home, and the near death of our people… Perhaps I have.” He pulled away a little, cupping Loki’s cheeks in his hands. His face was somewhat fuzzy as tears formed in his eyes. “You were by my side today, when I sat on that throne. I want you to be there, I want you- Please don’t leave again.” “Thor, I-” “I don’t expect you to stop being you, hell, I’m counting on you fucking me over but it keeps me on my toes,” he had to chuckle, his brother had always been that way. “But in the grand scheme of things, no more games, no more rivalry. I want you by my side, I need you to help me rule.” A pause. Thor had actually managed to make Loki pause. He suppressed the smile that came with that thought. “Are you serious?” “This is no time for jokes,” Thor replied. “I mean every word. I need you.” His thumb brushed over Loki’s cheek, and for a split second Thor thought that he leaned into the touch. His mind was blank when his hand wandered lower, fingers brushing the corner of his mouth, then his lips, finally coming to rest on his throat. Loki swallowed and Thor watched every movement. “If I didn’t know better I’d say you’re lusting after me,” Loki said, a smile curling on his lips. “The way you’re staring at me. Brother.” “Maybe you don’t know better,” Thor mumbled, just before leaning in. He couldn’t understand how he had gone centuries without kissing his brother, without feeling those soft lips on his own, open mouths deepening their kiss quickly. There was a sheer need in their kiss and in the heat of it, a need that made his hands slide down Loki’s back, cupping his ass before sliding even lower to lift him up. Slender legs wrapped around his waist, curious hands wandered up his back, coming to play with the hair at the back of his neck. As Thor stumbled back towards his bed, the two never broke their kiss. Only when they needed breath did they pull away, Thor felt the heat of Loki’s against his lips, his dark pupils blown wide with lust. He was gorgeous. Slender, pale, beautiful. He had always thought so, from shy thoughts during their youth, to hidden pleasures when he was older, thinking of the form of his brother when pleasuring himself. He might have regretted not doing this sooner, would it not feel like they had needed this time to get here. “I used to be so ashamed of these feelings, these… urges,” Thor whispered, one eye meeting Loki’s. “But then we are not really related, are we?” “I am still your brother,” Loki replied. He paused. All those years growing up together… Loki was right. Shared blood or not, they were brothers, for better or for worse. It’s what had kept them together, even after what Loki had done. He felt himself pulling away, but Loki’s hands kept his head in place. “And don’t you dare pull away from me now.” Thor had to chuckle, there he was again, his brother who never gave in. Not even in this. He wondered whether Loki too had been waiting for this, whether he had imagined this late at night when he was alone. “I will not. I have waited too long for this,” Thor admitted. A smile tugged at the corner of Loki’s mouth, and he shifted his weight forward, making him fall back onto his bed. Laughing together, his brother shifted so he was straddling him. “You’ve waited for this, have you now?,” Loki asked, though he got the sense he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
thorki
Thor/Loki
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Smut
Fluff
Sibling Incest
fake siblings incest
Honesty
superpowered sex
Missionary
blowjob
Jotun Loki
Wall Sex
Magic Lube
Spoilers
Thor Ragnarok SPOILERS

fandom: 
thorki
Thor/Loki
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

