Chapter 1: chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony sat at his desk, his hand spinning the disposable phone in a circle. Steve's letter was hidden in a shelf, which one was a good question. He couldn't remember, things were a mess, in his mind and in the Avengers compound.

Why had he pushed? Why had he pushed? That was Tony Stark wasn't it? The black hole that took and took and took and anyone and anything that even got remotely close got sucked it, and destroyed. Tony worked so hard to fix, by why was it despite being an engineer, his hands only destroyed.
The phone spun a couple more times, his mind spinning in sync with it.
He needed to fix it, he needed to fix everything, he had ruined one of the best things in his life, right when he was finally getting comfortable, feeling at home...He should've known better. Tony didn't belong with the Avengers, he had pushed Bruce away and even took the only safe place from him. He destroyed Jarvis, He got Pepper hurt, He paralyzed Rhodey. He imprisoned Wanda, he got a fifteen year old injured; God, he sent Steve to betray the one country he full heatedly believed in and represented. He had ruined everything. Tony was great at ignoring though, and that's what he had done, constantly ignoring and pretending, and boy was Tony Stark excellent at that. If there was an award for pretending everything was okay, Tony would have owned it every year it would've presented. But he couldn't pretend anymore. It was too late for that, he knew a war was coming, a big one and the Earth wasn't prepared at all. God, he pushed all of the defenders away, he'd taken away the one fucking chance the Earth had. He needed to fix this, and the only one he had so far was one kid from Queens, and Tony could see he was only going to ruin that kid, or even worse, the kid would get himself killed, all because Tony gave him the impression the kid was a full Avenger now.
He flicked his wrist again spinning the phone even faster.
He needed to fix it, he needed to fix it. But what...what. Get a pardon signed? That would take too long, he need a fix now. Send Barf to the King of Wakanda? He was going to do that anyways and that wouldn't really help any. What could he do? What could he do?
The phone hit the table with a loud thunk, and Tony froze. He had figured it out, the solution to it all...He needed to stop the Civil War from ever happening, and to do that he needed to stop the creation of Ultron. In order to stop Ultron he would need to...
.
.
.
Iron Man needed to be removed from the equation. Tony needed to be removed from the equation.
And he knew just how to do it, or he knew just the Doctor.
- - - -
- - - -
- - - -
- - - -
- - - -
Tony Stark smirked, pretending just like he always did, as Doctor Strange materialized into the Lab.
"Hey Facial Hair Bro, welcome to the party zone!" Tony opened his arms out to welcome the Doctor to his Lab.
"Tony Stark, how can I assist you today?" his gaze wandered around the Lab, which was more of a mess than usual, and then landed on the shield, Cap's shield. "Judging by the state of things, I'm assuming I won't like much of our conversation today?"

"Now now, don't be like that, this is going to be a fun conversation a fun one!" Tony offered.
"Don't hurt yourself Tony, we both know today will be unpleasant and quite honestly I can see your facade," Strange walked forward as Tony sighed dropping the fake smile.
"Right, I need your help Strange."

"As I can tell, but what it is exactly you need, now that's the big question." Strange's cape fluttered
"I need to erase Iron Man from this timeline." Tony offer,
"Exc-" Tony immediately raised his hand to interrupt
"Look I know it sounds terrible, but I did the math, I've thought about it and this is the best option, I need to make it so the Civil War never happened. You and I both know there's a great war coming and the world needs the Avengers. The Earth needs defenders, needs hero's and while I do still believe in the Accords, bringing them up before this event was maybe not the best idea. We need accountability, we need to not have free reign so that this world can stay safe, but right now there's a bigger threat on the move." Tony crossed his arms, leaning back on his table.
"You want to...erase yourself..."

"NO! No, no, no, no, no, you've got it all wrong, the world needs Tony Stark or in replacement someone to stop the Stark weapon production and the Avengers need good technology to be prepared, but If I can stop myself from being in the equation from the Avengers then I can keep them from splitting keep them all there, any ideas" Tony tried to reason.
Strange looked at Tony his eyes pierced into Tony's soul, it was as if he was seeing everything in Tony.
"I could try something, but I wouldn't ever suggest it, there's no guarantee that it would have the desired effect you want but.." Tony jumped up as Strange looked conflicted, turning around.
"Yes?"

"I could merge this universe with another, it would clash two 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Multiverse
Arc Reactor
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Fix-It of Sorts
Time Travel Fix-It
tony is jarvis
jarvis doesnt exist
neither does vision
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Mutant Powers
Depression
Avengers Feels
Avengers Family
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
AI Tony
Sort Of
Torture
Suicidal Thoughts
Body Horror
Blood and Gore

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

