Chapter 1: stars bursting in air
    


Summary:

in which Sgt Barnes tries to shoot - well, himself, Tony stalls like a plane pointed straight up, and the Captain uses the wrong words, motherfucker





Chapter Text

 

Tony never thought he'd be relieved to see Captain America go flying backwards through the air. Then again, he'd never thought that he'd find himself in the middle of the WWII battlefront, either. 


The crude, heavy boom of a fuel explosion shakes the HYDRA base, mostly concussive force and heat. Tony's chest aches more than his head rings; he clutches his chest, the bolts between the false sternum and ribs throbbing. He scrambles across the damp, cold ground, keeping cover for precious seconds, outwaiting another explosion. He can't risk having his head ducked 

too

 long. This was a lucky break - although, given the size of Barnes' grudge against HYDRA, even if he escaped, he'd be right back to raiding the bases. He might be more subtle about it, though, and Tony - well, Tony didn't have the resources he'd need to find him if that happened. 


If he lost the Soldier now, then coming this far would have been completely pointless. 


Well, not completely, Tony amends hastily as he lurches to his feet. If need be, he can hold out until the others get in contact with him and maybe send him some actual real tech that might help him hunt Barnes down, 

for once.

 It's just that he'd rather have all his ducks in as straight of a row as possible when they finally get into contact. 


"What the 

fuck,

" Sergeant James Barnes says, hovering over where Cap is sprawled in the dirt, flailing around a bit like a turtle turned on its back. It's pretty much everyone's reaction the first time they see the Winter Soldier. 


"Stay back," Tony barks, automatically shooting his hand to the side like he can hold both the Sergeant and Captain back from twenty feet away. The Winter Soldier is in fine form today, not that Tony had been expecting otherwise, given the 

three other bases

 he blew sky high on his lonesome - he's managed to fuck up the aramid jacket, zippers ripped free of the main compartments R&D had sewn in to satisfy the Soldier's paranoia. Somewhere along the line, he's found a patch of dark leather, which he's tied to his face, and a pair of goggles. Which. Welp. 


At least the Soldier doesn't seem 

surprised

 to see Cap and the Sergeant, striding into the open and armed to the teeth. That's almost a good sign, except things going well at 

this

 time is pretty unlikely, in Tony's experience. 


"Hey! Winter Wonderland! Really wish you wouldn't actively trigger yourself like this!" Tony shouts, cautiously putting his other hand out to show that he has no weapons at all. The Soldier doesn't so much as glance at him, which. Rude. What the fuck. Granted Tony wasn't in his suit, but Barnes has filled him in that HYDRA programmed Tony as a threat. A few of the 

other

 times the Soldier's been out to play, he's certainly put Tony on his ass at the slightest provocation. 


In the next moment, the Soldier is raising his gun because, 

of course,

 Sergeant Barnes isn't going to stand by after someone has knocked the Captain back like that - Tony doesn't want to think about what seeing Steve Rogers go flying backwards like that will do for Commando morale. The Sergeant has moved to provide cover, and Tony has noticed a certain strong resemblance before, but this is making him a bit dizzy. 


Maybe that's why Tony flails forward, yelping, "Hey, hey, hey, hey!" Almost immediately, he identifies this as a bad course of action, but if anything, Tony's really good at committing to high-risk, high-reward plans. "Don't," Tony says loudly, pointing at the Soldier, "shoot me, I'm not into gunplay, I never have been, I don't know why people keep thinking I am." 


"

Move,

" Sergeant Barnes barks from behind him. 


Tony rolls his eyes hard. Barnes 

would

 try to kill himself, wouldn't he? "We're all actually on the same side," he says, cutting only a quick look back at the Sergeant. Most of his attention goes right back to the Soldier, because as Natasha said once: the Soldier will shoot through people to get to his target. "It's just sometimes he violently objects to stars and stripes, and can I just say, seeing that uniform, I totally understand why. I'm a patriotically minded man myself, but there is a thing such as going too far." 


Of course, even new to this, Steve Rogers is too stupid to stay down. He groans, finally getting over onto his side and trying to heave himself to his feet. Tony risks a couple of glances back at him since the Soldier is no longer advancing, nor is he shooting 

through

 Tony in an attempt to kill either the Sergeant or the Captain. The Captain is moving like an old man, even though he really 

is

 only like twenty-six right now, which - 

fuck

 - means Tony can't make jokes about centennials at him. 


Tony sympathizes with his difficulty in getting his breat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied One-Sided James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Time Travel
Dimension Travel
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
so much ptsd
Developing Relationship
plot holes
Historically Inaccurate Science
Tony Doesn't Have Time For Your Vacuum Tube Bullshit
Tony Stark Asks That You Imagine Him In Hotpants
Bucky and Steve are Awful Celestial Ouroboros Boys
Bucky's Incredibly Jealous of Himself (both of him are)
Tony Takes Steve to Task like a Truant Schoolboy
Bucky and Tony are Too Sleep Deprived for These Many Feels

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

