Work Text:



Apple Pie (A slice of life)



 
Tony Stark adjusted his tie and looked at his reflection in the mirror. He looked good, younger even, Rhodey had joked that lifting the weight of freelancing parasites off his shoulders settled well with his image, Tony had to agree.
 
It had been seven months since Siberia and Tony’s life quality had increased notably. He was engaged to one Miss Pepper Pots (soon to be Stark), they had (more or less) six kids (Vision, FRIDAY, U, DUM-E, Butterfingers and the Spiderling), he had used Extremis to cure Rhodey. Rhodey, who doctors thought that he would never run or fly again, ran even faster than before and flew with even more determination. One surprise addition to his little family had been Miss Van Dyne, Hope had embraced all of Tony’s oddities without caring of what her father thought of the Stark heir, and for that Tony was grateful, besides she had proven to be a great friend to Pepper, more than Natashalie had ever been.
 
Another surprising and not unwelcome addition had been Sorcerer Supreme Stephen Strange, the man was interesting to say the least and declined politely when Tony told him about curing his hands with Extremis, of course Tony being Tony just decided that he needed to find another approach to the eccentric Doctor.
 
Surprisingly for Tony both Hope and Strange had declined Tony’s invitation to move into the compound, Hope explaining gently that they both had homes and didn’t want to impose or live off Tony’s money, something that Tony had a little trouble seeing through thanks to his past experiences, but he was working on it.
 
Another fresh breath of air was Jennifer Walters, who had also declined the invite of living in the compound, but was around enough, always bringing Tony all kinds of baked goods. Turns out she baked when she was stressed and apparently that was a lot, not that Tony was complaining, her slutty brownies were to die for.
 
The roster for the New Avengers were Iron Man, War Machine, Vision, The Wasp, She Hulk and the Sorcerer Supreme with Spiderman as back up, not a bad roster by any means, and the fact that Hope and Jennifer were good with children and successful young women meant that little girls all over the globe felt represented in these New Avengers. The merchandise sold twice as fast. Of course most of that money went to help the people that had suffered thanks to the so-called civil war. The Maria Stark Foundation and the Pym Enterprises Trust Fund were working together to help those who had been affected by everything.
 
Tony agreed to become the face of both the Foundation and the Trust Fund igniting a partnership between Stark Industries and Pym Enterprises that no one had foreseen, both Hope and Tony had celebrated their success along with Pepper, Rhodey, Jennifer and lots of champagne. It was almost as the world was trying to make up for Tony’s shitty childhood and early adulthood, almost.
 
Of course Tony hadn’t really forgotten his main goal, he knew that the Earth was possibly in danger, he had seen it firsthand, and he had warehouses construction a new and better powered Iron Legion, with the input of Vision and FRIDAY. Vision and FRIDAY had a funny relationship, the AI and the Android never knew where they actually stood with each other and since Vision was a separate entity from what Jarvis had been, so even thought he considered Tony to be his creator and father, he didn’t feel as if the bots or Tony’s other AIs were his siblings, but more like complex friends, which was why the Android found himself having feelings for Tony’s girl.
 
Tony had been amused at first, then had tried to explain that Vision and FRIDAY were essentially siblings, and then finally gave up and started working on a body for FRIDAY with the help of Helen Cho and Strange, after all Tony was not going to deny his little girl of some fun, what kind of parent was he?
 
So while FRIDAY’s humanoid body was in the works he focused on the Media and a certain group of Rogues. For the past few days the Media had taken between worshipping him or reminding the world of his achievements, he was not just only Tony Stark anymore, but Doctor Stark, the Media had finally recognized that apart from the good looking devil that he was, he was also a genius with several doctorates under his belt.
 
The rogues were still laying low and His Kittiness had been strangely silent about it all, even though Wakanda had offered help to Germany and Bucharest. Tony figured that T’Challa was waiting for the tensions to calm down so he could step into the spotlight again, not that Tony would allow that to happen anytime soon, he had big plans for the rogues and even though he had nothing against T’Challa or Wakanda, His Kittiness had offered asylum to the person who had left him abandoned in a cold Siberian bunker, never let it be said that Anthony Stark was resentful, just fed up with the world, after all one person could only take so much and Tony had taken eno
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Awesome Tony Stark
The World Loves Tony Stark
Suck It Wanda
Fox News reporters
tony stark deserves the world
and he will get it
eventually

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

