Work Text:
It didn't matter that Steve had spent most of his life in doctors’ offices, that he was intimately aware of the impersonal attitudes, the stupid crinkly paper he'd have to sit on, or the unforgettable feeling of a cold stethoscope against his small chest.It didn't matter that Steve had grown up big and strong, that Erskine’s experiment had had him blossoming into a huge, behemoth of a man.It didn't matter that Steve was a bona fide superhero, a body made of muscle and justice and an unending need to do the right thing.Whatever Steve Rogers was, it didn't matter.Because, much like the so called normal people he tried to protect, he still hated the doctor's office.Honestly, it was probably because so much of his early life was spent on the edge of death, with pneumonia and anemia and asthma and a host of other ailments that Steve had been too stubborn to succumb to; having spent most of his life, before the serum and the freezing and the current century, surrounded by doctors, probably explained exactly how how he hated it now.He may have been a science experiment at one point in his life - hey, he could admit it - but that was a long time ago (though it didn't feel that long ago), and he did not enjoy being poked and prodded like he still was one.As Steve liked to so helpfully (and loudly, emphatically) point out, he was in perfect health. The super serum running through his veins kept him healthy in a way that he'd never been able to comprehend.“Steve, man,” Sam had sighed and repeated the same thing he said last time they’d had this conversation, “The serum cured any health problems you had in the 30s, but who knows what super germs you’re in contact with in 2017. Not to mention, if something does go wrong, you need a baseline of your normal health.”Steve had grumbled, and grumbled even more when his team members agreed with what Sam had to say.He’d been off on a mission for two weeks, and all he wanted to do was spend the day trying to relax, not getting a physical.At least, Steve told himself, as soon as this was done he could go back to his apartment, take a long bath, and sleep for three days. He should be thankful that Avengers Tower had on-site medical staff and that there was just one short elevator ride between this awful, bland room and his warm, welcoming apartment.He should just leave now, sneak out before the doctor showed up. Captain America wasn’t a coward, but he was tired, and he could really use a nap.He just wanted to settle in at home and call - “Okay, Mr. Rogers,” Steve’s thoughts were interrupted when the door was thrown open, without so much as a knock.Steve was surprised to see a man enter; it caught him off guard and his jaw dropped before he quickly told himself to stop gaping. The man was wearing light purple scrubs underneath a white lab coat, with a stethoscope resting around his neck.He was unfairly gorgeous with ice blue eyes and dark hair tied up in a bun at the top if his head. He wasn’t even looking at Steve, his eyes focused on the chart he was holding in front of himself. “Where’s Yvette?” Steve questioned dumbly, mentioning the nurse who he normally encountered in Medical.“She’s out. I’ll be your nurse today,” He replied, looking up and only giving Steve a fleeting glance before his eyes looked back to the chart.“Nurse -” Steve began but was cut off.“Nurse Barnes,” he finished, clearly assuming that Steve had been asking for his name. Steve could see the embroidery just over the man's left breast pocket that read J.B. Barnes in perfect script.“Oh,” Steve hesitated but nodded once, “okay. Nurse Barnes, then. I'm supposed to get a physical today?”“I can see that,” the nurse responded flatly before finally looking up from the chart. “And yet, you're still dressed.”Steve blinked curiously, maybe a little apprehensively. This was not what he expected.This was not at all what he expected.Only then did notice the paper gown folded and sitting on top of the exam chair in the center of the small room. He hadn't planned on changing unless he was told to do so, maybe because of too many memories as a kid where the exam table had been twice the size of him.Nurse Barnes cleared his throat once, as if Steve was wasting his time. He reached over and pulled a thin curtain across the room, effectively separating him and Steve.The curtain was still too thin for Steve's taste, and he was contemplating that when the same flat voice interrupted his thoughts.“Opening goes in the back of the gown. Feel free to leave your socks on if preferred.”Steve blinked once and then nearly shrugged to himself. What the hell, right? He quickly stripped off the tshirt he was wearing, fairly certain that his nurse was watching him through the thin white curtain.Steve was unzipping his jeans when Nurse Barnes started talking again.“It says on your chart that your occupation is a superhero?”Steve's face flushed, he'd thought he was being cute when he initially filled out the paperwork. He had never i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Medical Kink
Gay Male Character
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Prostate Massage
Prostate Milking
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

