Work Text:


i.
If the newspapers are right, the truck's thirty years old by conservative estimates. It's full of dents. The tailgate's gone, the undercarriage rusted through.The driver's twisted in his seat, staring at him through the back window. Illuminated only by the red of his taillights, his eyes appear sunken and wide. He looks at the hitchhiker like he's not sure what he's seeing, his fingers digging tense against the passenger seat.It's midnight in Kansas. First car to pass in an hour meets a lone traveler in wintertime. It's a strange situation. That's all it is.The hitchhiker steps forward. His fist tightens at the sack over his shoulder. He's got a blade in his sleeve and another in his sock. There's a pistol tucked in the waistband of his jeans, another in his bag. He doesn't want to jack the guy if he doesn't have to.He steps level with the window. The driver keeps staring like a deer in headlights. The man looks about as bad as his truck."Going west?" the hitchhiker asks.The driver's mouth parts. He shuts his eyes hard, then looks forward. Is he... high? "Uh… yeah." He licks dry lips, meets the hitchhiker's eye again. Coming down from it, maybe. "Yeah. I'm going -- west.""You sure about that?"The driver nods, swallows hard. "Salina, then… then Denver-bound." He still doesn't sound sure, but he doesn't even seem that sure of reality right now. "Drop you just outside. Far enough?"Farther than he'd hoped. The hitchhiker pulls open the door. The thing's a piece of junk; takes more strength than it should. "Thanks," he mutters, pulling it hard shut after him.The driver doesn't say anything. He just seems to study him, like he's never seen a man before. Finally he tears his gaze away, puts the car into gear, and doesn't look at him again for a long time.



"What brought you to Wichita?" For some reason he assumed this guy's weird vibes meant he'd leave him alone. The driver has relaxed since they passed through Newton, though his knuckles stay clenched white at the gearshift. Now it's time to play 'get to know you.' Trouble is he's got no worldly sense of that himself."Work," he grunts, looking away."What do you do?""Whatever they'll hire me for."The driver's eyes tighten at the corners. "Trying your luck out west?""What the songs tell you to do, ain't it?"He glances over, but doesn't quite meet his eye. "From around here?"The hitchhiker's got no answer to that. He sits in silence. Guy doesn't seem to care either way. "Got a name?" he asks instead.The hitchhiker sighs. "Take your pick.""My pick.""Sure. Tom, Dick or Harry.""Those my only options?""I don't give a fuck, guy, I'm Bugs Moran if it suits you."A flicker at his mouth. "So you're a gangster.""Call me reformed.""That's a terrible name. I'll stick with Bugs."Well, at least he doesn't hate it. "What about you? You got a name?"Guy doesn't answer for a while. Seems he's not the only one hiding something. "What do I look like to you?" he finally asks.They look at each other and figure it out."An idiot," says Bugs.Against the odds, the guy laughs. It makes him look nice. He could be attractive if he wasn't such a mess. "Guess I walked into that one."Bugs looks over at him -- looks at his clunker of an automobile, at the baseball cap low over his eyes even at night, at the ten days of growth over his face. At the holes in his threadbare t-shirt. "Grant," he says suddenly. It crept over him, like a sneaking suspicion. He frowns and looks ahead. "Guess you could be a Grant."The guy nods, doesn't say anything a while. "Guess I could be a Grant," he says, wrenched.Bugs rolls his eyes. "Look. Don't get weird on me here.""I -- sorry.""I'm stronger than I look.""Not in doubt.""Just looking for a ride. You want fair trade, I don't do that anymore. I'll get out now, you'll forget you ever saw me.""No trade," he says, glancing at him with alarm. "I don't want it. Just doing you a favour, and not," he tips his head hastily, "a sexual one. A ride on me and that's all, swear on my mother's grave. Just hoping to get to know you, but if you don't want..."For better or worse, Bugs believes him. Resolve sinks in him like an undeniable stone. "Fine," he says, and waves him off. He leans an elbow against the window. "Thanks.""Getting cold out there," Grant says, but it sounds like an excuse. "Not much of anyone if I don't lend a hand."



They make a wrong turn at Salina, but double back quick enough.Bugs watches him. "So what's in Denver?"Grant seems surprised by the question. "Run a farm," he says, shifting a little. "I got, ah -- too many cows. Good cow season. Gotta sell."Grant's a terrible liar. Bugs looks out the windscreen and sighs. "Not gonna bother asking why you're driving six hours out of your way for a stranger.""I'm not," he says quickly. "I'm not. I'm... Listen, it's hard to explain. I went into Wichita for supplies, got involved in some business I don't want to be in. Gotta get to Aurora, consult with more folks I don't want to talk to. My farm is ba
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Steve doesn't join SHIELD
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
midwestern gothic
Identity
Memory Loss
Farms???
Slow Burn
Pining
Roadtrip
Threats of Violence
Aliases
Amnesia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

