Chapter 1: Kinktober 2017 Day One: Aphrodisiac
    




Chapter Text
Jesse McCree-Hanzo Shimada (Overwatch)Aphrodisiac/Dirty Talk/mild Domination/ball gag1k
It was not quite as if he was floating. More like he wanted to float away, his limbs maintaining a desensitized, ethereal quality which made them seem as if they were removed from his body. He moved slowly, grateful for the guidance of his partner which kept him from crashing into everything.  He shuffled, trying to get his feet right under him before a gentle hand helped him move up the stairs, taking it one step at a time.
“You likin it?”
Hanzo snorted, covering his mouth to avoid sputtering out like a fool. “I do. It is not so nearly as powerful as you said.” He lost his balance and it took Jesse's considerable efforts to keep him from tumbling back down the stairs. In the end, he ended up slung over the cowboy's shoulder, being lifted up to the second floor like a hefty sack of potatoes. He should have been insulted. But his libido could only feel thoroughly bashful at the control being exercised by the muscular McCree. 
“I told ya it was a big dosage.”
“And I told you I could handle it.”
“Clearly not.” Jesse sounded far from irate. More amused by his lovers sincere assurances that he could handle a mere aphrodisiac followed by him swallowing a bottle about the size of a five hour energy shot. Of course if Hanzo had bothered to read the instructions, he would have been aware that a fourth of the bottle was plenty for a few hours of fun. After a quick call to be sure that they didn't need to go to the hospital, it had been mutually decided that they shouldn't waste the opportunity. 
By the time Jesse dropped him down in the bed, Hanzo was sporting  hard on that was well distinguished by the tight fabric against it. He squirmed down and chewed his lower lip, inviting Jesse to play with him. 
“You're lookin mighty good there sweetness.” Jesse winked, tugging at the hem of the tidy whities. To reveal the wide hips and dipped pelvis. He leaned down and kissed around the cock, nuzzling the dark brush of thick black hair covering his body. 
Hanzo snorted and covered his mouth again, giggly off the rich drug. It had taken effect rather quickly, and now he was helpless in it's dizzying embrace. He looked around as color and texture became a whirl of visuals. His skin tingled with every contact. If Jesse touched, it was as if his lips held the spot for minutes after, warming his skin like a glowing dot. He could feel his pulse in every place he was caressed, and it was glorious. “Jesse...I...need.”
“I know. You need. You're gonna do nothing else tonight but need.” Jesse vowed, sitting back enough to undress himself as Hanzo's feverish squirming turned to a less innocent restless movement. It was pure poetry to watch him fuck up the bed sheets, the man's head rolling around till the hair tie came undone.   
“Want to fuck.” Hanzo stared up, his eyes full of a riled hunger. 
“We're gonna.” Jesse kicked off his boots, yanking his jeans off and showing his rounded, chubby stomach.
“Wanna fuck now, Jesse. 
The way he said that name was a sin on it's own terms. Jesse groaned and leaned forward, kissing the man's throat and chewing on the sensitive muscles. Hanzo made a noise something like a cat yowling for it's mate and he knew he had him right where he wanted. “You gonna be good for me, Hanny-bear?”
“I would rather be bad.” He managed breathlessly, cock jutting up at a mean angle and rubbing along Jesse's supple, thick thigh. The man's hand reached down and gripped him mercilessly, Hanzo's oversensitive nerves flaring like a fire given oxygen! He reached around Jesse's back and gripped onto the man like a bat to a cave ceiling, scratching his way down the broad flesh. “Jesse!” His pleading croon was pure music. “Jesse, you will make me burn like this?”
“Not burn. Jus smolder for a mite. Lemmie see your eyes glow for me.” Jesse sucked his ear lobe, enjoying the virile way his lover gurgled out his pleasure at the stimulating affection. He began to grind up along Hanzo's thigh, rubbing his own cock to attention and giving them reasons to undulate against each other's bodies. “I wanna see you worked up...”
“Hai! I am there!”
“Nah. Naw if you can talk you ain't nearly riled up enough.” He lifted up, giving Hanzo's line of vision nothing but his silhouette highlighted by the dim ceiling fan above him. “I want ya panting. I want ya breathless. I want ya writhing and humping the air, tryin ta cum on my stomach. I wanna see my Hanzo all worked up and pleading for me, mewling around on the bed like an aggravated tumbleweed. You gimmie that, and we'll see how bad you really need to cum.” Jesse leered down at him, knowing how much his words provoked a lusty reaction in the man's psyche. Hanzo liked the dirty talk about as eloquent as it could be, and Jesse's frank method of speaking did wonders for him.   
He also liked his orgasm prolonged till he was just about batshit craz
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hunk/Lance (Voltron)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Lance/Shiro (Voltron)
Loki/Tony Stark/Thor
Link/Sidon
Jesse McCree/Reaper | Gabriel Reyes
Gabriel Reyes/Amelie Lacroix
Sombra/Symmetra
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Hulk/Thor
Lucio/Reinhardt
Mozenrath/Aladdin
Jesse McCree/Hanzo Shimada
Keith/Shiro (Voltron)
OC's - Relationship
Lance/Shiro/Hunk/Keith
Lucio/Jack
Loki/Angraboda
Gabriel Reyes/ Jack Morrison
Tony/Pepper
Thor/Loki
Hanzo Shimada/Mercy

freeform: 
KINKTOBER2017
Kinktober
Kinks
fetishes
Drabbles
Aphrodisiacs
Forniphilia
Human Furniture
Biting
Bukakke
Humiliation
Size Difference
Creampie
facesitting
Asphyxiation
Choking
Edge Play
Orgasm Denial
Tentacles
Medical Play
Incest
Sounding
Waxplay
Massage
Masturbation
daddy - Freeform
Daddy Kink
Prostitution
Petplay
threesom
collaring
Against a Wall
Fisting
bootworship
Pantyhose
Temperature Play
Swallowing
Overstimulation
Toys
Mindfuck
Bondage
BDSM
Domination
Submission
Dirty Talk
Aged up characters

fandom: 
Hunk/Lance (Voltron)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark
Lance/Shiro (Voltron)
Loki/Tony Stark/Thor
Link/Sidon
Jesse McCree/Reaper | Gabriel Reyes
Gabriel Reyes/Amelie Lacroix
Sombra/Symmetra
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki
Hulk/Thor
Lucio/Reinhardt
Mozenrath/Aladdin
Jesse McCree/Hanzo Shimada
Keith/Shiro (Voltron)
OC's - Relationship
Lance/Shiro/Hunk/Keith
Lucio/Jack
Loki/Angraboda
Gabriel Reyes/ Jack Morrison
Tony/Pepper
Thor/Loki
Hanzo Shimada/Mercy

