Chapter 1: Winter Soldier
    


Notes:
The cover art is Neutralchaos's work. Isn't it amazing?!




Chapter Text

Still Alive


Chapter 1 - Winter SoldierThe Winter Soldier had planned its escape for a very long time. It was the handlers’ mistake, really – they shouldn’t let the Asset out of cryostasis for this long anywhere, let alone in America. The Soldier didn’t know when It started to make its plans, or why It started to make its plans, or how It knew that it was a forbidden act, but It didn’t care.Deep down in its bones, in its muscles, in its nerves the Asset knew something was off and It knew It had to get away.So the Asset made the plans. It was a master tactician, after all. The escape needed a valid starting point – the base will be one of its missions, probably –, and it had to happen soon, before they remembered to wipe him. No matter that  the Soldier hadn’t given them a reason for it (did every mission without a flinch or hesitation), the wiping always came after a mission sooner or later, and the Asset wouldn’t push its luck by waiting too long. After It left, for the run, It would need various resources. First of all, money, and maybe papers of identification. The Soldier managed to hide these already, in various public places – bus stations and parks and abandoned warehouses in several states. But that wouldn’t be enough. The Asset would have to be in peak condition for a long time, it would have to be able to deal with any and every kind of threat. That would be easy with its abilities, but using those skills sometimes meant the Asset got damaged. The body healed itself, but the arm – one of its most effective weapons – did not. So the Winter Soldier would need a mechanic to look after the arm.The Asset considered every option and selected the right one for the task. The man named Anthony Edward Stark.***There was a bit of strange allurement to take the F subway to Brooklyn – though there was nothing interesting in Brooklyn, especially not for this mission, and especially nothing available via public transportation  –, but then again the Soldier was used to stranger things than that. He ignored the urge and made its way to Manhattan instead.That was three days ago. Now here he is, lying on a comfortable rooftop, watching the Mark through the telescope of a rifle, not to shoot him, but to study him. It needs every info and every intel before taking action. It needs to be sure the Mark has no ties with the former handlers, nor will he be able to contact them after his abduction. The Asset was rather proud that It had never made a mistake since the day It was made, and It doesn’t intend to start now, when the mission is so crucial.The Soldier knows that the handlers have discovered It is missing by now. Even with the two-day time window that It always had for returning after missions, It should be back at the base reporting by now. So the Asset doesn’t have much time, but making a rush move is not something It can afford. Two days, It decides. The Soldier will acquire the Mark within 48 hours.***But before the Asset could make its moves, everything well-planned and every piece fits their place in a grandiose, yet quickly fluid action, other things happen and It has to improvise. Because someone else wants to get the Asset’s Mark for himself, and It can never let that happen. If the Winter Soldier has its mission, It never fails.The dark figures appearing around Stark are not Hydra; the Asset can tell by the way they hold their weapons. Each training has its mannerisms, and Hydra trainings’ outcome looks completely different than this. These men are rougher, more spontaneous than the STRIKE team the Asset used to work with.The Asset storms them easily. Grabs the first by the shoulders and smashes him to the ground so hard the floor cracks, then cuts through the throat of the second and stabs the third into the heart, no kevlar strong enough to fend off a thrust with the metal arm. Three moves within 5 seconds, lightning fast, and the leftovers discovers only then that someone is threatening them. The Soldier takes out two more before one of them is fast enough to target It. That’s the moment the Asset starts to use range weapons as well, and the shots echo loudly in the room.But the Soldier’s not the only one to shoot, and though the metal arm whips and blocks a few projectiles, It quickly winces as two bullets tear through its vest. No critical hit, minor injuries, calculated recovery time: five days total, its mind analyzes the feeling immediately. The tac- gear should provide protection, but in this short distance with the special ammo the attackers clearly have, it’s not good enough. Naturally the Soldier does not dissociate just because someone was able to hit its body. It blocks the pain out of its mind and goes through the motions like nothing happened. It experienced so much worse than this, it’s not even a challenge to do so.The Mark tries to run away. (Or maybe to fight, since he’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
basically rewriting the MCU
because why not
a different kind of redemption
and a kinder universe
Winteriron Bang
WinterIron Bang 2017
feelings for bots
Everybody Lives
except the bad guys they deserve to die
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Developing Relationship
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Stockholm Syndrome
Iron Man 1 AU
Bucky breaks free of Hydra
Bucky needs a Mechanic
Tony is the Mechanic
Kidnapping
Mention of torture
Aftermath of Torture
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane & Tony Stark

