Work Text:
“You summoned, my liege?”Bucky turns to the door of his trailer, pissed as hell and ready to vent but he stops short when he sees the petite redhead with her steady eyes trained on him and a Colt .45 in her hand.  His frown turns into a smirk, “I hope that's a prop.”Natasha raises an eyebrow, tilts the gun down and away from him before she answers, “Our prop guns are just real guns with fake bullets.  They can still do a world of hurt.”He smiles a little, looks her over in her skin tight black pants, low-cut tank top, mid-calf combat boots and has a fleeting memory of all the pale skin under those clothes.  They'd gotten together two movies ago, brief and red hot and at the end of production they shook hands and called it a day.  She's his only friend, really, and he thinks maybe the same can be said for her.“Right,” he says, leaning forward in the chair.  “Not everything is a weapon, Nat.”She shrugs, “With the right amount of force it is.  So what's your problem, now?  We're not even six hours into the first day of shooting and already you're holed up here being a shit and a half.  There are rumblings amongst the crew that this is just going to be like the last one.”“Okay, no.  That was not me, that was Loki,” Bucky says indignantly. “Talk about a pain in the ass.  And really, I was sticking up for you.  He had no right to say what he did.”“No, but you of all people should know I can cover my own ass.”  Her words are mild, a hint of fondness in her tone.  Or at least that's what Bucky thinks is her version of fondness.  “Besides, I wasn't really going to walk off set.  SAG would have fined me hard and fast.  What did Stark call him?  A full-tilt Diva?  I was never that bad,” Bucky says, pointedly ignoring Natasha's snort.“Well sending P.A.s to do your dirty work, holing up in your trailer and being late to set on the first fucking day is not a way to inspire a lot of confidence in the crew.  And you know what happens when they get to feeling antsy.  You need to calm down, Barnes.  Banner is already adding your name to his shit list and you don't want to mess with him when he loses his temper,” Natasha warns.Bucky opens his mouth to respond but she cuts him off, “And now you have Fury in a mood, so you'd better unbunch your panties and behave yourself.”Feeling properly chastised, and a little bit silly, he hands the neatly folded letter to Natasha who snatches it from his hand, unfolds it without dropping the gun and skims over it.  He watches her blink, lips pursing slightly before lifting her gaze to Bucky.  “Are you kidding me?”He grimaces.“James Barnes, are you serious?  Have you lost your mind?  Pull your fucking head out of your ass and get the fuck back to work.  I can't...No.”  With that, she tosses the letter back to him, turns on her heel and marches out of the trailer, the sound of the door slamming shut behind her makes him wince.He frowns and leans forward, picking up the letter where it dropped at his feet.  
Mr. Barnes:

We regret to inform you that your request for an upgrade in accommodations both on and off set cannot be fulfilled at this time.  As your contractual requirements have been met, we do not see the need to offer you more than is due.

Should you have any further concerns, please direct them to your agent.

Sincerely,

Steven Rogers

cc: J. Drew, P. Coulson, V. Potts, A. Stark
Well, then, Bucky will just need to have words with this Steven Rogers in person.  He takes a deep breath, checks his reflection in the mirror and smiles at himself.  He is always at his very best when he intends to do his very worst.

*
“Hi, Jessica,” Bucky says with his filthiest smile.  She looks up at him, the tiniest hint of irritation flashing in her eyes before she pastes a smile on her face.  She is pretty, if kind of plain.  Someone Bucky might have gone for if he wasn't who he is and could do way better than her.  She doesn't need to know that, though.“I'm sorry I had to put you in such an awkward position.  I know you were only trying to do your job.  It's just...” Bucky sighs, letting his eyes scan over her in his perfected overtly discreet way. “I'm a little neurotic, I know that.  I don't want to be that way and I don't want it to be harder on everyone else.  It's almost like OCD.  I feel like my head is in the wrong place if things aren't just so, you know?  I can't help myself.”He isn't even the slightest bit sorry for the big fat lie.  He wants an east-facing hotel room because the sunlight always wakes his guests and it keeps them from hanging around longer than he wants them to.  Not that he's had any guests since arriving in Colorado two days ago, but he likes to plan ahead.  And he needs a new trailer because his is too close to craft services and he doesn't want to be anywhere near the heifers who mill around the truck all day.  Also, the smell of grease wafts in and gives him a headache.  She blinks up at him clearly not buying the bullshit he wants to sell. “Of course.  Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Actor AU
Romance
Shameless Smut
Moderately unlikable protagonist

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

