Work Text:
There was a general consensus within the Avengers. Loki was a pain in the ass.His latest trick had been hitting Tony with a 'de-aging' spell. Tony Stark was now eighteen, with no memories past his biological age. No one was quite sure what to do with him, and Thor admitted he had no idea if it was permanent or not. SHIELD was left having to debrief a teenage Tony on everything he didn't remember.It was decided that until this was fixed, or at least until they knew exactly what had happened to Tony, he was permanently benched. They set up shifts so someone was always in the Tower, watching Tony.However, it was quickly learned that more often than not, Tony would escape whoever was watching him. Even Natasha had a problem keeping track of him. No one quite knew where he went or what he did when he disappeared, but he always came back in one piece, so everyone grew to accept it.But the most disturbing part about all of this was Tony himself. Everyone had assumed that Tony would be just as loud and annoying, if not worse, as a teen. The Avengers agreed, Tony was probably a rambunctious, party going, living on the edge thrill seeker as a teenager before actually seeing him as one.Tony was quiet. Deathly quiet. So much so, he made people like Bucky look loud and talkative. When Steve dragged him into the communal floors and demanded he spent time with the other Avengers, he sat in the corner, quietly watching them interact, usually with headphones in.People had tried talking to him, thinking maybe he was just shy and confused from the new world around him, but he often shut them down, or just ignored them all together. The only person who could manage to have a full conversation with him was Rhodey."Look," Rhodey sighed, as the rest of the Avengers, minus Tony were all talking in the living room. "When Tony was eighteen... it was a rough time. Ana and Edwin Jarvis, the couple who really raised him, had just passed, he was finally old enough to inherit the company and was suddenly overwhelmed with responsibilities, I had just left for the military, he hadn't met Pepper yet. He was completely alone, and no idea what to do. He became shut off, hiding within himself. Didn't talk to much of anyone, didn't do anything he didn't have to. It was a dark time for him." Rhodey explained, rubbing the back of his neck."Well, what snapped him out of it?" Steve asked, tilting his head to the side.Rhodey shook his head. "You don't just 'snap out' of depression, Rogers. It took years for him to start acting like the Tony Stark you all know. Even still, some things never did really go away." His expression was dark. "He just learned how to bury it."  Bucky watched Tony work on his arm, both of them silent. Even de-aged, Tony still had ended up being the one doing work on Bucky's arm.Usually, these sessions were filled with Tony's jokes and ramblings. But now they were deathly silent, with Green Day faintly playing in the background. Tony didn't say a word, and neither did Bucky.Bucky was determined not to push boundaries, or try to force Tony to socialize or do anything of that manner. He hated it when people did it to him, and just wanted Tony to understand that Bucky wasn't going to inflict that upon him. But still, watching Tony made Bucky's chest ache. No one that young should have such haunted eyes, such a placid, default expression. Bucky just wanted to hold Tony, let him know it was okay to let it all out.When Tony finished and closed the panel in Bucky's arm, he went to put his tools away, and his sleeve crept up his sleeve. Bucky's stomach twisted at the sight of the angry red lines dug into his skin. They were so fresh, the blood was staining the inside of his sleeve.Bucky grabbed Tony's wrist, pushing the sleeve up to see how far up they went. The cuts covered Tony's entire forearm. They weren't deep but were alarmingly numerous. Bucky looked up, staring Tony in the eye.Tony didn't say a word, he didn't try to make up some excuse for his slit up wrist. Instead, he only stared right back, narrowing his eyes slightly."Come on," Bucky said, pulling Tony to the bathroom. He figured it'd be pointless to berate Tony. Tony wasn't going to listen either way. Once he had dragged Tony into the bathroom, Bucky pulled out a first aid kit. He pushed Tony's sleeve out of the way, and first just ran it under some lukewarm water, washing away the excess blood. He covered it in some antibiotic ointment, making Tony's fingers faintly twitch in pain. Bucky wrapped the arm, finishing it with a piece of tape. Tony stared at Bucky, unblinking. His expression was hard to decipher, but it wasn't a glare, so Bucky took it as a win. Bucky offered him a quick smile and left the teenager in peace.  Surprisingly, after that encounter, Tony opened up just a bit more to Bucky. He sat next to Bucky (if Rhodey wasn't there) in Avengers group meetings or 'bonding sessions', and if he and if it was Bucky's shift to watch him, he didn't disappea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Age Regression/De-Aging
Self-Harm
Suicide Attempt
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
teen tony
Protective Bucky Barnes
Hurt Tony
Tony Feels
Fluff
I Don't Even Know
I'm Bad At Summaries

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

