Work Text:
For the longest time neither of them spoke. There was no need for it. Nothing they had to say to each other after all these months they had spent in close company. After all the screaming and yelling and accusations that never changed a goddamn thing, never made a fucking difference. There was no silence to fill, for it hadn't been silent, truly silent, in a long time.Even after the screams of horror and pain had died out, the waves of destruction had been anything but quiet. They still weren't.Stark stood only a couple of feet away from where Wanda was kneeling in the muddy ground, tired, exhausted, gasping for breath, while Stark stood tall, too proud to show weakness perhaps or too inhumane to be touched by the poison of this world any longer.Wanda contemplated lunging for him, though more out of habit than true intention. She had no weapons on her anymore, but maybe one of the charred twigs on the ground would be strong enough to pierce Stark's skin. Maybe if she rammed it into his throat hard enough it would finally be over.Stark's voice broke through her pleasant daydream before Wanda could get lost in the illusion."Hatred isn't the opposite of love, apathy is."Unable to help herself, Wanda snorted. It was a weak sound that broke off into a wet cough half-way through. “What did you do, Stark, swallow a calendar with daily quotes for breakfast?” she mocked. It was second-nature to do so still. Despite- everything.“I wish,” Stark muttered absently, a shadow of longing for something long since lost flashing over his face as he stared at the barren wasteland surrounding them. It must have been New York at some point, or maybe Nevada or Iowa. Wanda had lost track of their precise location months ago. Not that it mattered. There wasn’t much of a difference between states, hell entire countries, these days. Utter desolation didn't leave much room for defining landmarks.There had been, once. Wanda was one of the few people alive who still remembered that. Who had lived in the Before. There had been green grass in that far-away, magical world, and a blue sky, and clean air that didn’t burn deep within your lungs. But most of those memories had faded in time, sounded more like a silly, made-up fairy tale with every passing day.“Why?” Wanda asked eventually. It hurt to speak, to force the sound up a raw throat and past dry lips. But then, what didn’t hurt these days?It wasn’t the first time she had asked this particular question. Not by a long shot. But there was something different about this time. About this place. About the way Stark simply stood there, silently took in his surroundings with an air of-accomplishment. Clinical, detached, and yet followed by a sickening sense of pride. Like a god laying eyes upon his first creation for the very first time.The comparison sent an uneasy shiver down Wanda’s spine.She had hated Stark for a long time, longer than she cared to remember, but it were moments like these that reminded her why she had begun to fear him too.When Stark turned towards her and grinned, a happy, boyish smile that didn't belong onto a face covered in grime and blood, Wanda knew she hadn’t feared him enough.“It’s done,” Stark announced, clapping his hands like a magician on the verge of pulling off his greatest trick.Except that didn’t make sense because there was nothing left. Literally. Wanda could feel it in ways an ordinary human would never be able to comprehend, deep within her core, where the power that had long since been bound still resided. Even underneath the destruction surrounding her, there was no life left to rebuild. There was nothing. Nothing.She was utterly alone in the truest sense of the word.The realisation hurt every time but Wanda couldn’t stop herself from reaching out, from searching. For anyone. Anything. No matter how pointless it was. No matter how futile. “Why?” she repeated.It should have been a demand, but Wanda had forgotten how to do anything but whisper a long time ago. The scratching in her throat, the trembling in her hands, none of it registered anymore. But this pain, this mind-numbing realisation that the world, humanity, animals, nature was gone, hadn't lost its unbearable intensity in all the time that had past since the Beginning.There should have been so many questions she had for Stark but Wanda, Wanda was one of the few people who knew most of the answers. She had never wasted her time asking How could you do this?  Never bothered with the disbelief, the terror, the begging and pleading.Steve - the name of her friend sent another sharp pang through her heart - had never told her what had happened in Siberia. He didn't have to. Wanda had known from the moment she had first caught sight of Stark after that incident. Had felt the way death had clung to him, followed in his shadow. She had known then, not everything perhaps but enough. The others hadn't seen it of course, hadn't been willing to consider it. After all, how could Stark have died w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
Bitter Sunday
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Revenge
payback is a bitch
Dark
Fallout
Consequences
no forgiveness
Unforgiving Tony
Dark Tony
bad language
Evil Tony
Aftermath
Implied Character Death
Tony gets (more than) even
Tony doesn't do things half-way
This is a different kind of bitterness once more

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Wanda Maximoff

