Chapter 1: Reset
    




Chapter Text
 
“ Nothing can be undone, only ever erased.”
.Earth.
 Estimated chance of success: 21.83 % 
Tony stares at the data on the screen with the closest thing to trepidation he’s still capable of.“Not the worst odds I’ve gone up against,” he announces to the room at large, sarcasm sharpening the words into a weapon too twisted to be wielded against anyone but himself. “What’s the worst that could happen?”No one answers.Tony knocks back a vial filled with something worse than poison before he has to remember why that is.* * * * *“The procedure is unreliable. There is no telling how much of your knowledge will stay with you—or when it will manifest itself.”“I know the risks.”“I am not convinced you truly understand them, though.”* * * * *.New York.Tony hits the ground hard enough to punch the air from his lungs, and for a long moment, it’s all too much.The world is a bright clutter of swirling colours that hurt when he looks at them for too long. Beneath his fingers the floor is solid, hard but uneven, and scrapes his fingers when he rubs them over it in an attempt to hold on to  something.His every breath is a painful wheeze by this point, the air heavy with smoke, smells he can’t identify, and a weird sort of crackling electricity. Coughing, he forces his body into an upright position, thin arms shaking so hard he abstractly wonders whether he’ll hit the floor with enough force to break his nose this time, should they give out under him.This first clear—if somewhat befuddled—thought is like a shot of ice water in that it shocks Tony’s system into full awareness again. He brushes the unhelpful tears away with a shaky hand, stares around what must have been a normal if unfamiliar café at one point.The scene looks eerily reminiscent of the old black and white pictures from the war his father had shown him once. Overturned tables and chairs, shards of glass, abandoned plates and trampled food. People on the ground, same as Tony, some crying, some yelling, some not moving at all.Someone stumbles into him, almost knocking him back to the ground again, and it’s then that he registers the noise. Screams. Breaking glass. Splintering wood. Hurried footsteps. Something crashes, loudly, and when Tony turns around, he sees what looks like a very odd car, smashed through a huge glass front. Out on the street, there are people everywhere, some running for cover, others in uniforms and protective gear fighting—each other?It’s weird, all of it. A bit like a movie he’d watched a long time ago and forgotten the ending of, except Tony doesn’t forget endings. He’s good at memorising stuff, even Howard has said so.“Take cover!” a gruff voice bellows somewhere above him and Tony doesn’t think, just reacts.He dives, throwing his body sideways with all his strength. Rolls over his left shoulder to absorb the impact. Hits the ground in a graceless tumble all the same. There is a dull ache spreading in his shoulder, but Tony doesn’t pay it any mind. He’s too focused on crawling on all fours without cutting his palms and knees open, determined to reach an overturned table further in the back, when the world around him explodes in sharp needles and glimmering diamonds. The window, Tony notes detachedly, hands curled around his head in a instinctive attempt to protect his face. His heart is hammering against his ribcage hard enough to break bones.Cover.Tony clenches his hands into fists. Presses his bony elbows against the ground. Pushes his body forward.He needs to find cover. Now.“Over there!” The voice is barely audible over the sound of rushing blood in Tony’s ears. “It’s Stark!”Three men, all heavily-armed, are running towards him. He doesn’t recognise them, but two wear masks obscuring their features, so that doesn’t mean much. Of course, masks don’t usually mean anything good either. Tony is on all fours before he knows it, scrambling towards that stupid table as fast as he can, but then something gets a hold of his left foot. One harsh pull, and Tony is flat on the ground, groaning.Again.Gasping, he rolls onto his back to find a gun pointed at his chest.  It’s a very big gun. Attached to a very big, masked man. Tony freezes.“What are you waiting for?” the only unmasked one yells over the sound of a distant explosion that makes the ground vibrate faintly. “Shoot already!”“The target doesn’t match the mission parameters,” the man with the gun replies.Tony blinks up at the guy towering over him. He’s wearing black goggles that make it hard to tell whether he’s even looking at Tony, never mind reading his expression.His partner gapes. “Are you fucking kidding me?” The man yells, face rapidly turning an interesting shade of red. “That’s Stark, right in front of you! I don’t care what version of him it is. Just pull the trigger, for fuck’s sake!”It’s not something he usually does, but in this instant Tony will be the first to admit he’s got no clue what’s going on. Normally when he wakes up with a gun 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Past Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Winter Soldier Bucky
Brainwashing
Mental Health Issues
tiny tony
deaged tony
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Bix the HYDRA goon is back
Fluff and Angst
Humour
Minor Character Death
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
protective winter soldier
Morally Ambiguous Character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Past Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Past James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

