Work Text:

   Clint had gotten off on the wrong floor on his way to the kitchen and spent the past hour wandering around the lab floor when he walked by an occupied lab. Tony’s occupied lab. “You know, when I said you could help out more, this isn’t what I meant.” This sentence from Tony caught Clint’s attention. With the door half-open, he could see that Tony was on the phone with someone and he did not look happy with whoever it was.


   “Who’s Tony talking to?” Natasha asked, startling Clint as she snuck up behind him.


   “No clue.” He shrugged.


   There was a small pause before Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “What I said- I didn’t say you could skip school! I do not need another call from May complaining about you getting detentions because you leave whenever you feel like it!”


   “Who’s May?” Clint asked.


   It was Natasha’s turn to shrug. “No idea.”


   Bruce came upon the scene and looked at the spies in confusion. “What are you two doing standing outside Tony’s lab?” 


   “Of course I know about the detentions! I’m Tony Stark. You think I wouldn’t notice you were skipping school?” Tony snapped. 


   “Skipping school?” Clint looked to the other two. “Why is Tony talking to a child?”


   “Good question,” Steve voiced, causing the rest of the Avengers to turn to look at the new arrival. “What’s everyone doing out here? We’re supposed to be having a team meeting.”


   Clint shushed him. “Tony’s on the phone.”


   “More important than your life?” he asked rhetorically. “You’re my responsibility. How are you supposed to go to a good college when you keep skipping school? When I was your age, I was already going to MIT.” There was a pause. “Yes, the MIT thing again! This is your future! You deserve to have a good future.” he snapped. A deep breath followed by a sigh and then, “Look, kid, I gotta go. Just stay in school and don't do anything I would do, okay?”


   Steve, Clint, and Natasha all looked at each other. “You don’t think-”


   “I do think.”


   “What are we thinking?”


   “Greetings, friends! Why are you all standing in the hallway?” bellowed Thor, walking up behind them.


   The others let out exclamations of fright, having been startled by the god. Except for Natasha, who never got startled by anything anymore. “Thor!” Clint hissed. “What are you doing?”


   “I just asked you a similar question, did I not?” Thor questioned.


   “We’re trying to be discreet. You can’t yell when you’re being discreet!”


   “What’s this about discretion?” Tony asked, once again startling the group. “Geez, what’s with you guys? You’re… jumpy, this evening.”


   “Nothing, nothing,” Clint explained hurriedly, “We were doing absolutely nothing- ow!” He yelped as Natasha elbowed him in the ribs.


   Steve jumped in to save them from this quickly derailing conversation. “I came to get everyone for a team meeting.”


   “Another one?” Tony let out a drawn out sigh. “Let’s get this over with. I have things to do.” He then walked ahead of them toward the elevators.


   Once he was out of earshot, Natasha turned to Clint with an expression of annoyance. “And you call yourself a spy.”


   “Well sorry,” Clint muttered back, “I didn’t see you coming up with a better excuse.”


********


    
“Show me your blueprints, kid. Tell me what you’re thinking,” Tony said to Peter as he cleared off a workbench by using his arm to sweep all of the items off of the surface and onto the floor.


    
“Um… I don’t really know, Mr. Stark. I didn’t really have a plan yet.”


    
“Well, I have plenty of options for you in my old files you can look at. See if any speak to you.” He flicked an electronic file off of his tablet and onto the holographic screen in front of them. “Pick one and I’ll talk you through it.” It would seem Tony was more excited about this venture than Peter was. 


    
“Uh,” Peter mumbled awkwardly, “This is great and all, Mr. Stark, but I think I should probably come up with my own idea instead of just making one of yours.”


    
“No problem, kid, but you better come up with something fast. It’s due in a week and you haven’t even started.” Tony began pulling out all of his tools, or rather picking them up from where he threw them on the floor moments earlier.


    
“How do you know when my science fair is? I never even told you.”


    
Tony smiled mischievously. “The same way I know about the detentions.” He leaned in close to Peter’s face. “I know everything.”


    
“Actually, Boss only knows because your Aunt May called him asking if he would help you with your science project, Peter.” FRIDAY stated helpfully.


    
Tony glared at the ceiling. “Keep this up, FRIDAY, and you’ll be getting reprogrammed later.”


    
“I’m sorry, Boss. I thought you programmed me specifically to backtalk.”


    
“Moving on.” Tony turned to Peter. “Now back to your project.”


    
Once again, Clint had found himself roaming the halls of the Tower and he stumbled upon this scene. He watched as the two interacte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
5+1 Things
kind of
close enough
Father Figures
Tony is a father figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Science Fairs
Avengers Family
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sort Of
Misunderstandings
It's all clint's fault
Karen is super sassy
So is FRIDAY
Oblivious Peter
Oblivious Tony
One of My Favorites
Confusion
So much confusion
Awkward Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

