Work Text:
“You know, I half expected you to have disappeared by now,” Heimdall’s voice was gentle, but the words still stun. Loki stubbornly kept his eyes glued to dark expanse of space outside the ship porthole and ignored Heimdall’s searching gaze.“It seems that you are not alone in the choice to remove yourself from the festivities,” Heimdall went on, “your brother-”“I would think losing an eye would curb anyone’s enthusiasm for parties, wouldn’t it?” Loki snapped. He knew what Heimdall was trying to do, but Loki took the bait anyway. He seemed to be doing a lot of that recently.“Hmm, but that is not the source of your upset,” Heimdall mused, “something else is bothering you, child.”Loki’s head whipped around.“Do not call me that." He hissed.“What, child?” Heimdall’s golden eyes were glowing with mirth, “Why, I recall a certain child once declared that I was his most favorite Asga-”A flash of cold steel slipped from between Loki’s pale fingers. “Do not finish that sentence if you value your life, Gate Keeper.”Heimdall lifted an eyebrow, completely unfazed by his hostility. Loki’s face burned.“Besides,” He added gruffly after an embarrassing pause, pocketing his dagger and turning his gaze back to the black void outside, “that was nearly a thousand years ago.”Just as Thor had once dreamt of joining the Valkyries, Loki had looked up to the wise and all-seeing sentry of the Bifröst Bridge. Heimdall had never treated him like a child, and when Loki, the top of his tiny silky head barely reaching his mother’s hip, had accompanied Frigga on one of her visit, Heimdall had introduced him to the wonders of knowledge and books, endless books.“Yes, centuries,” Heimdall agreed, “I’ve watch the both of you grow from wide-eyed children to strong and capable men, Loki. Odin and Frigga would be so proud.”“Proud?” Loki snorted in disbelief, “Have you gone senile in your old age, Heimdall? I usurped Odin's throne and tossed him into a nursing home on Midgard. Proud is the last word he would use.”“It was not all bad,” Heimdall pointed out, “Odin quite enjoyed their poker nights.”“You are mad,” Loki was staring at Heimdall like he had sprouted a second head, “you are all mad, crazy, fool-”“And yet you have not left us,” Heimdall said, watching the light suddenly drain from Loki’s eyes. “Was it something your brother said that upset you, Loki?”“Aren’t you supposed to be all-seeing?” Loki shot back bitterly, his thin shoulders hunching unconsciously as he averted his eyes.“I was a bit preoccupied,” Heimdall replied mildly.The silence between them stretched like a thick dense blanket, but not stiflingly so. It was a calm comforting silence that reminded Loki of dusty old parchment and sunbeams streaming into the wide floor-to-ceiling windows of Asgard’s libraries. Heimdall had always had that effect on him, no matter how much Loki despised him.“He said he had moved on,” Loki finally caved, voice cracking on the last syllable, “and that I had not changed at all, that he was no longer going to force me to come home.”“He no longer needs me.” The words tasted bitter on his tongue.“I agree,” After a brief pause, Heimdall’s hand, warm and solid, landed on Loki’s armor-clad shoulder, “you have not changed, Loki.”When he whirled around in angry disbelief, Heimdall’s smile was fond and wistful.“The smart, compassionate boy I remember is still in here,” He tapped the bronzed plate over Loki’s chest with his forefinger. Loki recoiled, cheeks reddening.“Your words mean nothing to me, Gate Keeper.” He snarled, averting his eyes. Heimdall laughed."Thor gave you a chance to disappear, to finally be freed of him, and yet you chose willingly to come back and fight by his side, Loki,” He pointed out, “I know Odin was not the best of fathers, but he did love you as a son.”“I did not come back for him,” Loki blurted out hotly before he could stop himself.“Of course not,” Heimdall patted him on the back amicably, “you chose your brother over freedom. Now you’ll never rid yourself of Thor.”“What?” Loki asked, but Heimdall merely peered back at him innocently.The Gate Keeper tapped his left temple and turned to make his way back to the ship’s bridge, "I do have to say that you have passed splendidly.”Loki watched the man leave in silence.
Passed?
Then he remembered Thor’s triumphant smile atop that crumbling balcony, the light shimmering in his one good eye as he watched Loki descend from the rescue ship.That scheming son of a-  “You played me!”Thor didn’t even flinch when Loki kicked down the door to his quarters. He turned around guiltily, right cheek bulging with half-chewed food, and as Loki stared, the God of Thunder lifted his hand to quickly stuff another piece of chicken into his mouth.“Hmm?” Thor blinked back at him through the one good eye left on his face, and the sight of that blackened crater drained all the anger out of Loki’s chest.“Why didn’t you go to the healers?” He snapped, crossing the room in five strides to wrestle the half-ea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Fluff
Post-Ragnarok
Pre-Slash
Protective Loki
Translation Available
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

