Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text

Aelia clenched her teeth as the guards escorted her retinue through the boisterous crowd. For the thousandth time, she cursed the ostentatious games and tournaments that her uncle held weekly, distracting the citizens with blood and gore from the many, many flaws in his leadership. 

Aelia was not fond of her uncle, but she had grown up an orphan in his home and had been instilled with a firm understanding of The Rules. She was her uncle Otho’s charity case, meant to show everyone how kind and generous the man could be. Her duties since childhood were to be paraded around and pitied, with a gentle smile and eyes downcast. She was a model Roman daughter, and she had learned from an early age that the consequences that came from acting out of character were severe.

She had very little memory of her parents, now. Her uncle spoke disparagingly of her father, who had fallen in love with a barbarian woman in some far-off military campaign in the north, never to return to Rome again. Aelia was told that the barbarians had turned on their guest and murdered him alongside his young wife, the ultimate betrayal of the hospitality the Romans valued so highly. 

“And so the traitor himself was met with betrayal, Aelia. Was this not a fitting end?” Otho had asked her one night, one of the first conversations they had after she was brought to his sprawling domicile. 

“Yes, Uncle,” she had whispered, voice small and weak. 

“You would do well to remember such lessons. Loyalty to this house comes before all else. Do you understand, child?”

“Yes, Uncle.”

“See that you do,” he had said, dismissing her and her maid with a wave as he turned back to his desk.

To the public, Otho was much more sympathetic to the fate of his late brother, who had been decidedly better-loved by most of the people.

“Poor Sabinus,” he would sigh dramatically to anyone who would listen. “Seduced and murdered by a barbarian witch, far from the comforts of Rome. At least we can take comfort that his child,” and here he would gesture to Aelia, “she will grow up as a member of civilized society.”

The surrounding patricians would all nod and praise Otho for his charity and for ensuring that the half-barbarian child was raised as a proper imperial lady. Their wives would tut and coo over Aelia, commenting on her golden hair and sapphire-blue eyes.

“Such strange coloring the child has!” someone would invariably exclaim, and her uncle would laugh and point out how similar her features were to her father’s, though she had a northerner's complexion. Aelia had soon learned to retreat to a place of daydreams to hide herself from their scrutiny whenever possible. 

Once, when she was around ten years of age, a wealthy visiting merchant had affixed her with a particularly calculating stare. “Have you ever considered selling the girl’s hair, Otho?” he had asked. “Such a color is becoming quite popular as an ornament for many ladies in the capital, and supply is scarce.”

Her uncle had bristled, and it was one of the few times she had ever seen him defend her, or rather 

his house’s

 honor. “My 

niece

, Aelia Sabina, is the daugher of a patrician and my ward. You will remember to afford her the respect that her position demands.”

“Of course,” the merchant had soothed, bowing and professing that he’d meant no insult. Aelia had been sent to her chamber soon after. That night was the first time she’d dreamed of her parents and the fire that had consumed them, as she was dragged from the flames by her hair. 

After that, her uncle had taken care to ensure that her ‘barbarian’ features were even more on show. Her hair was piled up in perfect renditions of the latest Roman styles, and her maids were instructed to keep her out of the sun so her skin remained pale.


Look

, she knew he was saying. 

Otho can turn even a half-barbarian child into a perfect Roman citizen. 

 Once, when she complained of the attention, her tutor had given her a mildly pitying look and explained that her uncle meant to rule the north as a king.

“His position grows, and he urges the emperor to finally crush the remaining tribes at our northern borders. It is believed that he has convinced the emperor to create a city-state in the north when this is accomplished, and the master would be given it in recognition for his military and financial service to the empire. He would answer to no one but the emperor of Rome himself.”

Aelia had felt dread at that. She couldn’t think of many men worse-suited to be the second-most powerful man in Rome. While he was charming and generous in public, he was demanding and cruel within his own home.

Still, years had passed and Otho still had not reached his ultimate goal, though he grew much closer year after year. The territory under his command was thriving, as more and more soldiers were sent to the north to suppress the barbarians and secure their lands and resources. It was said that he was the emperor’s most t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel) & Original Female Character(s)
Loki/OFC

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Pre-Thor (2011)
Pre-Thor AU
Ancient Rome
Trickster Loki (Marvel)
Historical Canon Divergence
Gladiators
Master/Slave
Mildly Dubious Consent
Drama & Romance
Warning: Loki
Gratuitous liberties taken with historical accuracy
Prisoner of War
Prisoner Loki
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Slow Burn
Possessive Loki
Historical Fantasy
Role Reversal
Power Dynamics
Roman Empire
Loki's Adventures on Midgard
Eventual Smut

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel) & Original Female Character(s)
Loki/OFC

