Chapter 1: Pack and All it Doesn't Mean
    




Chapter Text
Stiles was really getting sick of Scott. Since he became a ‘true alpha,’ Scott had taken that to mean that he was always in the right, that he was better than everyone else. It was getting ridiculous. At first, it didn’t really affect him. Scott hadn’t been the best friend he thought he was since Allison. Then the nogistune and Donovan and Theo happened, and the chasm between the two seem irrevocable.Stiles knew that Scott looked at him different, that Theo was whispering in his ear, and that he still blamed Stiles for Allison’s death. That definitely hurt since he was still dealing with the guilt of what happened during the nogitsune. Thankfully, his dad was being super supportive, and he was starting to actually believe that just because the nogitsune chose him, it doesn’t mean he’s weak. Deaton told him the reason that he was targeted by the nogitsune, and it made sense, but the mind and feelings never seemed to be rational.Since Scott seemed to be pushing him away, though, so was the rest of the pack. Kira sent him a sad smile every once in a while, but all-in-all, the others mostly ignored him, other than the mean looks from Scott and Isaac, and damn, didn’t that burn.This week, the ‘Big Bad’ was a small drove of pixies. According to the Hale and Argent bestiaries, pixies were nasty shit. The only option was to kill them. They were evil little tricksters, they looked small and cute but they were not. When they were out for blood, they could take out an entire town of humans.“Scott,” Stiles signed for what seemed like the hundredth time. “Both bestiaries cited that pixies are bad, real bad. The only option is to kill them.”“No, Stiles,” Scott sneered, Stiles flinching at the level of venom in his name. “You may be okay with murder but I’m the alpha here. You may not value life, but I do. We can talk to them, find a solution.”Stiles huffed. “No, Scott, that’s not what’s gonna happen. Pixies aren’t exactly that smart. And whatever intelligence they have they use to murder people. They’ve already killed a little girl, are you really prepared for more blood on your hands?”Scott flashed his alpha eyes at Stiles, claws unsheathing, and advancing on Stiles. “You,” Scott punctuated this with a stab of his finger in Stiles chest, not seeming to care that Stiles was in pain and he had drawn blood. “May be okay with having blood on your hands, more blood, but I value life. You’re useless, just a stupid, weak human, who’s blood thirsty. You killed Donavan in cold blood-”Stiles hands balled in frustrated fists. “Donovan was self-defense. Theo’s manipulating you!”“No, Stiles!” Scott roared. “I thought we got past this! This has nothing to do with Theo. This has to do with you being a murderer!”“How many times do I have to tell you, Scott?! Self-defense! It was self-defense! Would you have rather he killed me?!”“Yes!” Scott roars, shifted into his beta shift. “You would have been better off dead! We would have been better off with you dead! You murdered Allison!!”Silence fell and Stiles was fighting back tears, several cuts in his chest, shirt soaked in blood and an angry alpha basically snapping his jaws at his face.“How da-re you, Scott?” Stiles voice broke. Pleading eyes meeting vicious eyes. “That wasn’t me. How can you still blame me for that?”“Because!” Scott snarled. “Because of your weakness, Allison is dead. She was far better than you ever will be. We’d have all been much happier if you”-another clawed jab-“were the one to die.”Stiles looked absolutely wrecked. He looked to those around him, witnessing what had just happened. Kira’s bottom lip was quivering, not meeting his eyes. Isaac met his eyes with such loathing that he flinched. Lydia just looked disinterested, apparently too below her. Liam just looked confused, eyes wide. Theo, the bastard, just looked smug. None of them moved to help him, defend him either in words or against the claws raking through his skin.Scott looked down at him, pure loathing in his eyes, no once of pity or empathy. “You need to leave, Stiles. None of us want you here, you don’t belong here. You never were and never will be pack. We have no use for the likes of you,” he sneered.After a breath, Stiles started to sob, looking around at the people who used to be his friends, people who didn’t care enough to defend him. He ran out the door, and climbed into his jeep as fast as he could. He knew that he shouldn’t drive this affected, his dad was the sheriff, he was acutely aware of these things, but he just needed to get out of there. Get away from them as soon as possible.He drove the speed limit, holding his tears in the entire ride home, breath ragged. When he got home, he wasn’t sure if he was upset or thankful that his father was home. He got up the porch and in the door before he broke down sobbing. He felt his father’s arms wrapped around him. At first he sounded worried, though Stiles wasn’t able to make out words
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Sheriff Stilinski & Stiles Stilinski Feels
Scott is a Bad Friend
horrible
Stiles Stilinski & Phil Coulson Feels
Phil Coulson is Stiles Stilinski's Uncle
Car Lovers
Stiles Stilinski & Jarvis Bromance
Stiles Stilinski & Thor Bromance

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson/Natasha Romanov

