Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Dumping the contents of his backpack into a trash bin on the last day of school after the last bell is the best feeling Peter Stark has experienced in a while. Kids rush around doing the same thing, laughing, cheering, chatting and celebrating that the year is finally over and summer is upon them.With a sigh of relief, he turns to his best friend, Ned, and blissfully says, "Finally."Ned grins and disposes of loose papers in his backpack into the trash bin as well. "Tell me about it," he agrees and swoops his backpack straps over his shoulders. "Did you ask your parents if you could go to Flash's end of the year party yet?""Not yet, but they have to say yes," Peter assumes, walking side by side with Ned out one of the crowded exit at the end of the nearest hallway. "We're officially seniors. I shouldn't even have to ask at this point, ya know? I should just tell them 'hey, I'm going out.'""I guess you haven't met your own parents, but you can dream," Ned teases and bumps Peter's elbow with his own."Yeah, I know, right?""What are you gonna do if they say no?""I'm preparing for a no, but I have a solid argument to plead my case." Peter rolls his eyes and smoothly shuffles out of the way for a group of excited freshman to rush by. "Even still - you know how my Dad is. What he says goes no matter how much Pop disagrees."Ned considers this and quirks an eyebrow upward. "Well, if you can't come, text me and I'll come over so we can get around to finishing Game of Thrones.""Game of Thrones actually sounds so much better than soaking in the arrogant stench of Flash and his stupid party."Ned and Peter walk to the subway, discussing potential plans for the summer, and hop on the F Train towards Forest Hills.The train is packed as predicted at this time of day, but neither boys care, and the ride feels shorter than what it really is given Peter takes this route everyday to get to and from school and home.Peter's stop is first, so he reminds Ned to text him before he exits the train and jogs to his favorite bodega on the last corner before the residential neighborhood begins. The aroma of food sizzling on the grill fills the tiny shop, and Peter considers getting a sandwich before deciding on a pack of gummy worms and a soda."How was your last day, my good man?" Mr. Delmar, the friendly, older, Dominican owner of the shop, asks Peter as he rings up his candy and drink.Peter pulls his wallet out and hands over a five dollar bill. "It was fine.""You're a senior now, right?""Yeah," he answers with a curt nod. "Fully prepared to venture into the best year of my life."Mr. Delmar eyes the young boy closely and tosses his receipt. "I'm sensing some sarcasm, kid. Everything alright?"Peter shakes his head; he hates making people worry. He really didn't mean to say that last part."There's this end of the year party tonight, and I gotta ask my parents if I can go."The older man shrugs. "Doesn't seem like such a dilemma to me.""Yeah, but you know how they can be. Super overprotective and swear off on any kind of fun. I can already hear them saying I can't go.""Don't assume, kid!" He reasons, but Peter shakes his head."Dad is always going on and on about me learning responsibility, and they never allow me to show it cus I'm never allowed to make a single decision without them interfering somehow.""Aw, Pete," Mr. Delmar starts and waves his hand reassuringly. "It's only 'cus they love you. Cut them some slack! You're their only kid, and it's a big, bad world out there so of course they're gonna be a lil' overprotective."Peter knows he's right. He chews on a sour gummy thoughtfully."And besides, you haven't even asked them yet, so don't assume it's a 'no' off the bat."Even with that in the back of his mind, Peter walks to his house, dreading the remainder of his afternoon. He finishes the candy and downs it with the soda; he already knows Dad is going to get on him about having so much sugar, but at this point, Peter can't seem to care.As Peter approaches the porch, he begins thinking of suitable explanations in the event that his parents give him an answer he doesn't want. He knows what it's going to be, but it's not worth it if he doesn't at least ask."I'm a senior now. I got straight A's," he mutters to himself as he gets his keys from out of his back pocket and lets himself in. "Flash's parents will be there. This will teach me responsibility. I never go out."The front door creaks and squeaks when Peter shuts it behind him. The front hallways is clean and smelling of lemon ascents which means maid service had been here earlier.
Clean house equals happy parents. Perfect!
"Dad?" Peter calls out and sets his empty backpack in the coat closet, grateful he won't have to see it again for another two months. "Pop?"At this time of day, the television would be blasting with one of his Pop's dramatic soap operas over the living room while Dad started dinner. Either that or Pop would be on a conference call with th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Growing Up
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Teen Angst
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Divorce
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Summer Vacation
Parent-Child Relationship
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Sam Wilson is a Saint
Past Infidelity
Relationship Problems
Precious Peter Parker
Family Drama
Father-Son Relationship
Separation Anxiety
Superfamily (Marvel)
Peter-centric
Self-Discovery
Mild Sexual Content
Awkward Sexual Situations
Awesome Shuri (Marvel)
First Kiss
First Time
Family Dynamics
Awesome Peggy Carter
Peter Falls In Love With Everyone
Domestic Bliss
Bisexual Peter Parker
Coming of Age
Coming Out
Summer Romance

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

