Chapter 1: Prologue: A More Spidery Beginning
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker didn't see the spider until after he had accidentally killed it, slapping at the sudden pain that burned on the back of his neck. At that point it was only a smear stuck to his hand, one with numerous, delicate legs and the faintest hint of blue mixed with red. He hardly gave the incident a second thought, too preoccupied with absorbing everything else during the field trip through Oscorp's facilities.He was certainly puzzled the next morning when putting on his glasses made a crystal clear world blurry, instead of the other way around. That was... odd. People's eyes didn't just suddenly get better for no reason. Papers and clothing kept sticking briefly to his fingers, too, as if there was a mild adhesive there, but it wasn't particularly concerning. Yet.He woke up groggy the second morning after the bite, having tossed and turned all night thanks to all the little noises he usually ignored suddenly jarring at his consciousness instead. He tripped over his sheet getting out of bed and landed in an ungainly heap on the floor. It took a solid minute of struggling with the fabric before he realized that it wasn't tangled around his legs or anything; it was actually glued to his feet. The moment he realized it, however, the effect ended, so he couldn't even show it to his aunt and uncle.Puzzled and concerned, he found himself distracted all through Sunday breakfast, only realizing that Ben and May were staring at him with amazed amusement after he had polished off his third or fourth plate. “Looks like someone's going through a growth spurt,” Aunt May chuckled.“We'd better stack some bricks on your head before you can get any taller,” Uncle Ben joked. “You'll have to start ducking under door-frames at this rate.”Peter blushed and put the fork down. By the time lunch rolled around, though, he was ravenous all over again.The third morning saw him back at school for the start of another week of learning, but Peter found himself unusually twitchy and distracted. Voices seemed to leap to the forefront of his attention from all directions, no matter how he struggled to focus on only the words of his teachers. He could feel the gusts of air over his skin every time a classmate walked past, the thin hairs on his arms and the nape of his neck almost painfully sensitive to the tiniest bit of movement around him. Hunger gnawed at his stomach constantly, and he found himself sneaking to the vending machines between every class. By last period he felt like a wreck, and to make matters worse, his back was aching from the constant tension in his muscles from the stress. Once he got home, Aunt May took one look at him and sent him to bed, checking his forehead and stroking his short brown locks until he fell into an exhausted sleep.On the fourth morning, Aunt May called the school to inform them that Peter would be staying home sick. He lay curled up in bed, sweating and freezing by turns and consuming bowl after bowl of chicken soup and crackers. His wrists itched something fierce, his arms felt hot and tender, and when Uncle Ben came in to ask him how he was doing, he mumbled deliriously about there being tiny people hiding in the corners of his room and under his bed. Ben and May exchanged glances, and decided they would take him to the doctor in the morning. As it was, they had to wrap up his wrists with ointments and bandages after they started bleeding from the constant scratching.On the fifth morning, they did not take Peter to the doctor. This was because, when they opened the door to his bedroom to see how he was feeling and bring him some breakfast, he was not in bed. He was on the ceiling, clinging impossibly to the white painted surface by his fingers and toes. They stared at him with wide eyes. He stared back at them with desperate ones. “I found a tiny person,” he said helplessly, letting go with one hand so he could point to a little dot in the corner. Moving closer and putting on his glasses, Ben peered at the dark speck. It was a spider, sitting calmly in a wispy cobweb. “Please don't kill it,” Peter said in a broken voice, and Ben's heart wrenched when he realized what his nephew was really afraid of.“Come down, Peter,” he said gently, holding his arms open wide. The teenager made a choked sound as he dropped awkwardly to the floor and stumbled into his aunt and uncle's accepting embrace, his shoulders shaking with wracking sobs. Some mutants and mutates lost their homes and families when they changed. Peter thanked the stars above that he should be so lucky.The rest of the day was spent ravenously eating. His wrists burned and his back ached, and even his face felt tight and hot. He broke three cups by holding them too tightly, flung a fork into the ceiling when he couldn't get it off his hand, and completely cleaned out the pantry closet while also hiding inside it. Aunt May asked him if he'd like a pillow and a blanket when sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Ben Grimm
Fantastic Four (Team) & Peter Parker
Henry "Hank" McCoy & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Doreen Green & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Johnny Storm
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Bobby Drake/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - More Spidery Spider-Man
More Totemic Spider-Man
We're talking extra spider-legs
Eight eyes
Blue and red fuzz
Biological Spinnerets
AND web-shooters
Communication with spiders
Fangs and venom
Greater precognitive powers
Knowledge of alternate realities
The Web of Life and Destiny
Basically the works
Uncle Ben lives!
Fix-It of Sorts
In that Peter purposefully tries to live life differently so he can actually be happy
Coming of Age
Expect lots of character development
and talking about feelings
and science
with minimal plot
so if you like that sort of thing boy have I got a story for you!
Featuring such goodies as:
"Spider-Kid"
The Big Brothers and Big Sisters program for Visibly Mutated Children
Big Ronnie's Custom Battle Spandex shop
Unconventional Erogenous Zones
Age Difference
Mutual Pining
Slow Burn
Angst
Eventual Smut
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Mutant Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Ben Grimm
Fantastic Four (Team) & Peter Parker
Henry "Hank" McCoy & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Doreen Green & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Johnny Storm
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Bobby Drake/Johnny Storm

