Work Text:
Tony’s first goal of the night was getting drunk. Right now he was unquestionably on his way to delightful, fuzzy and distant everything in an effort to forget exactly what Howard was in the process of doing to him. Tony threw back a shot and savored the warm feeling pooling in his gut. He’d just started but he didn’t have any intention of slowing.He knew this wasn’t safe, so far from it, but he didn’t care. Howard was giving him away like some kind of object. Why should he care?No one had made a move on him yet and he was confident, though that could be the alcohol, that his temporary scent blockers would hold and everyone in the bar would remain ignorant to the fact that there was an unmated Omega within their midst.Then big, blond and ridiculously gorgeous took a seat next to him.Not fair his mind distantly whined as Tony idly took in the far too handsome and delicious smelling Alpha taking up a seat next to him. The Alpha was dressed as though he’d just left a gathering. Tony took in the almost burgundy colored jacket over a grey shirt. Dark pants covered strong legs and Tony swallowed.Tony wasn’t usually one for long hair on an Alpha, wasn’t really one for Alphas at all, but the Alpha built like a brick shithouse made it look effortlessly attractive. He’d been trying to find someone for tonight, someone to take the virginity his fath—Howard, that bastard didn’t deserve the title, was in the process of trying to sell to some important Alpha Tony had never met.It would be the ultimate fuck you to his old man if Tony came back from tonight reeking of an unknown Alpha, dripping their come and loose from their knot, when Howard was promising an untouched and unknotted Omega. The scent blockers were for his protection as he scoped out the bar and downed some liquid courage to ensure his worry about being under an Alpha was as distant as possible.Tony tapped the bar, forcing his attention to the Alpha manning the bar, as his shot was refilled and then the Alpha next to him was steadily draining a fucking tankard of his own chosen drink. He blinked and blinked again when another was placed before the Alpha. It disappeared just as fast as the first without a single sign that it had done anything to the Alpha drinking it.
Fuck why was that ridiculously hot?
“Where is your Alpha, little one?” the voice was rich, cultured and very obviously not from around there.Little one?Tony narrowed his eyes, “I am twenty-two. I am not little.” That last statement seemed ridiculous considering the impossible size of the Alpha next to him and Tony realized everyone, or most everyone, was probably little in comparison. Then he moved on to the most worrying part of the question. “Why would I have an Alpha?” he tilted his chin and didn’t show an ounce of submission. Tony might have been thinking about this particular Alpha being the one to pin him down and knot him for the first time but he wasn’t admitting anything yet.Bright, piercing blue eyes regarded him. “Forgive me. I am not used to seeing unmated Omegas in such places without an Alpha or Beta accompanying them.”“I’m not an Omega.” That statement defeated the whole purpose of finding an Alpha and getting knotted. Alphas preferred Omegas especially considering they were not as plentiful as Betas and Alphas.He met the Alpha’s stare only to notice there was amusement in those blue eyes and Tony mentally bristled. The alcohol buzzing through him wasn’t helping and Tony knew he wasn’t putting off the insulted reaction needed for the supposed insult he was claiming. Slowly the Alpha leaned close and took in a slow, deep breath as though savoring his scent and Tony watched Alpha red flash through the clear blue. “Your tempting scent says otherwise, little one.” Lips curled with amusement on the words ‘little one’.Tony tensed.“There is nothing wrong with it.” the Alpha continued, “Omegas are rare. They are to be worshipped and treasured. Omegas are precious creatures meant to be loved and spoiled.” It was said as though it was an unquestionable fact. It wasn’t what Tony had been told or led to believe. Society thought of Omegas as warm holes, fertile wombs and breakable little things that needed to obey their Alpha. They were easily and effortlessly traded for position and power and wealth.Pretty little objects in a society that held Alphas in high esteem without those very Alphas needing to earn the right.He was not breakable and he was certainly more than the pleasure he could give or the children he could birth. Tony didn’t want to think about the contract being signed even as he sat in a bar steadily getting drunker.“Not my experience, blondie.”“Thor.”Tony blinked. “Thor?”“My name, little one.”“Tony.” He titled his chin again in defiance, “Not little one.”“Tony.” Thor’s lips curled and Tony watched as the Alpha seemed to weigh the name, almost savoring it, as he nodded. “Why are you in such a place? Surely there are far more pleasurable things you could be doing inste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Alpha Thor
Top Thor
Identity Reveal
Mates
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Knotting
Thor Is Not Stupid
Protective Thor
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
POV Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s Good Parenting
Apples of Idunn
Smut
Praise Kink
Butt Plugs
Alpha/Omega
Arranged Marriage
Alcohol
Kissing
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
HUGE Canon Divergence
we're going with thor getting his shit together much earlier
so this isn't the hotheaded and impetuous thor from the first movie
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Asgardians - Freeform
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

