Chapter 1





Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)   Tony stared at the note from Rogers. He supposed it was meant as an apology, but it just confused the hell out of him.Rattling around in a mansion by yourself...what the hell was Rogers talking about? What mansion? Tony hadn't set foot in any of his homes around the world since he'd begun funding the Avengers with the collapse of SHIELD. He'd been too busy at first, racing around trying to salvage the agents whose covers had been blown, and then it became obvious that while the Avengers accepted his financial backing his wealth was a barrier to being one of them. He didn't want to rub their noses in it. Hell, he hasn't even had a holiday since...he can't remember. Ten years, at least. He had told himself he didn't mind not being socially accepted, that it was only natural coming from their various backgrounds where people with money and power had controlled them or at least made them feel powerless in comparison. So he'd made it a joke. No one laughed, though.They were all too willing to follow Rogers, no questions asked, and the Avengers were needed, so he'd put his ego aside and called Rogers the boss.
We all need family.
How. How could Rogers bring that up after watching Barnes kill Tony's parents? Jesus, and Tony thought he was insensitive.
The Avengers are yours, maybe more so than mine.
Really? Which Avengers? Backstabbing Romanov? Your fanboy, Wilson? Barton, who thinks Tony Stark is the Anti-Christ? Thor, who doesn't even live on this planet? Or maybe you mean Banner, who left me stuck with the bag for Ultron and then skipped town without a forwarding address. Not that he really blamed him. Romanov had been playing Bruce- maybe she was attracted to power. And then there was Maximoff, who should never have been an Avenger in the first place. Rogers called her a child, and coddled her. 
I've been on my own since I was eighteen.
Ok, that's even BETTER. Tony was seventeen when Barnes' hands took his parents from him.
I never really fit in anywhere -- even in the Army. 
Yeah, you fought and lied and cheated and bullied your way in. You didn't go through the training everyone else had to do to earn their rank, it's a wonder that you didn't fit in. Try being sent to boarding school at seven years old, away from the only people who didn't treat you like a freak prodigy. And going to M.I.T. at fifteen, sure, they met me with open arms. In your dreams. My faith is in people, I guess. Individuals. And I'm happy to say for the most part they haven't let me down. Does Wakanda have alcohol strong enough to get you drunk? Because, really, how could a sober person brag about having faith in people when he didn't trust me enough to tell me the truth? And yeah, twist the knife. No one lets Captain America down, hooray, but Iron Man? Hell, do whatever you like to him, he deserves it.
Which is why I can't let them down either. Locks can be replaced, but --maybe they shouldn't. 
Definitely gotta order some Wakandan whisky, that must be amazing shit. What locks? Oh, yeah. Gotta go rescue the minions. I pity the poor bastards guarding the Raft. Wonder how many of them will survive Captain Righteous. Of course he doesn't have the shield. That may up their chances.
I know I hurt you Tony. I guess I thought -- by not telling you about your parents I was sparing you, but... I can see now I was really sparing myself. 
Sparing yourself? You were fucking using me, using my time, my money, my resources, my brain, my Goddamn body and pain, to help the man who murdered my parents. What kind of warped mind do you have, Rogers, to pretend that was a mistaken attempt to respect my feelings? I'm really insulted that you believe I'm stupid enough to buy this load of crap.
I'm sorry. 
I believe that. You're sorry that you were caught out, that you couldn't keep me funding everything and fixing everything, and talking to the people you were too good to deal with. I lay down, belly deep in mud, so you could stand on my back and keep yourself pure and spotless, innocent in your ignorance of the way the real world works. I bet you'd have demanded I use the system I developed to get over my parents' death (newsflash, it didn't work) to help their murderer. And then, of course, he'd be an Avenger. Like I never was.
Hopefully one day you can understand.
Yeah, I understand now. I wanted to protect people. I thought you did, too. I didn't know 'people' to you only meant a select few. I didn't know you'd throw the whole world under the bus to save Barnes. Funny thing, he'd have been better off if you'd taken the deal I brokered for you. But then, that wouldn't have been due to your noble actions. Fists are so much more pure than tongues. Huh, that sounds dirty. Everything I say and do always soun
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Tony
apology letter
Revenge
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Steve's Letter to Tony Post-Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
None
