Work Text:

“Come on Tony, we-”
 
“Oh can it, I don't want to hear it.” Tony aggressively passed the two men by the counter, who were both in their winter gear and cold from the snowy weather outside. Tony, in contrast, was in his robe and pjs as he pushed past them to pour himself another mug of black coffee.
 
“We’re serious, we just-”
 
Tony pushed past them again, “Don't wanna hear it right now.” He took his coffee and headed towards his lab in the basement.
 
Bucky asked as he shed his outerwear, “Does he think we went on a date or something without him?”
 
Steve sighed as he did the same, “More than likely. It’s like Tony to get upset if we leave him out of things, at least without telling him.”
 
Bucky said sarcastically, “Cuz going out for a walk and a little window shopping while he's asleep totally counts as a date that we didn't want to include him in.”
 
Steve rubbed his forehead, “He's going to be upset for who knows how long. Hours...days...”
 
Bucky snorted, “A week over this? Come on, that's childish. We were just bored and up early.”
 
Steve reminded him, “We agreed to this polyamorous relationship, Buck. 

Even if you and I are understanding of having other relationships, Tony’s not like that. He’s been betrayed by people he thought he could trust. You've been with him long enough to know that he holds grudges over relationships.”
 
Bucky held his hands up, “I get it, I get it. But what on earth can we do about it?”
 
Steve said, “Hmmm...that’s the question…” Suddenly, Bucky’s face changed to widespread grin. He pulled Steve by the shoulder and whispered an idea into his ear.
 
Steve blushed deeply, “B-Bucky! That's such a dirty thing to-”
 
Bucky grinned, “Yep, and Tony would love it. We need to make him happy too.”
 
Steve asked, “Where do we start?”
 
Bucky said, “Spencers. I remember that from when we were in the army, don’t you? The back aisles have all kinds of cool things.”
 
Steve was bright red, “Let’s...let’s just be quick about it.”
 
~~~~~~~~~~~
 
Tony was grouchy all day, and finding that the house was pretty empty and silent for most of the day, got him even more upset. He was already upset. Every time the two supermen didn’t tell him something important, like there was an event or something going on that they were going without him, it stung. They knew each other more than they knew him, after all, so it was only natural that they had more connection to each other. It made Tony extremely jealous.
 
In a polyamory, all parties should be in the know. And it made Tony mad when they didn’t communicate, feeling like they were violating that rule. Maybe he was overreacting, but he was not one for being level headed when he upset. 
 
JARVIS said aloud, “Sir, Rogers and Barnes are-”
 
Tony waved him off, “Not now Jarvis.”



JARVIS said, “Sir, you may want to know-”
 
Tony groaned, “Jarvis, nothing could be that important that-”
 
JARVIS spoke over him to finish the sentence, “-they are inside your bedroom together.”
 
Tony whipped his head around and the emotion showed in his face, “What?” An infuriated thought passed his thoughts. Were they having fun in his room? Making love in his bed? The thought was enough to make his blood boil, making him to jump from his chair and bolt out of the lab.
 
Bucky told JARVIS from the room, “Thanks for waiting to tell him until the room was set up.” JARVIS then turned off as Tony stormed through the many halls of his tower.
 
Steve blushed as they got into position for Tony, “This is embarrassing.”
 
Bucky got into his position, saying, “Well at least it’ll cheer him up, right?”
 
Steve sighed, “True...shhhh…”
 
Both supersoldiers could hear the frantic, angry steps of short Tony as he approached, almost roaring, “Steve, Barnes, I swear on Howard’s grave if you’re doing what I think you are-!” The door flung open, and almost immediately, Tony’s voice caught in his throat. 
 
Lying on both sides of his king size bed were Steve and Bucky, both wrapped in a thin layer of lacey red and gold babydoll lingerie, the colors of Tony’s supersuit. Steve was lying on his back and Bucky was propped up on his side. Even though they were wearing racey lingerie, their panties, which were a very sheer and bright red, revealed something naughty. Both men had buttplugs in their asses, and both plugs had a heart on the end with the initials T.S. on them. 
 
Tony was speechless for a moment before he managed to croak, “What…?”
 
Bucky teased, “Well hello Stark. See something you like?” The supersoldiers had known from dating Tony for a while that he completely adored it when he got the other two buff men into feminine lingerie. It was a major turn on for him, especially teasing them and then getting topped. 
 
Steve blushed as he said in the softest voice he could muster, “T-Tony...we’re yours…I hope...you're not mad.” It took a few moments for Tony’s shock to transform into a smirk. 
 
Tony shifted his weight onto one foot and crossed his arms as he said, “Hmmm, you
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
stuckony - Freeform
Stucktony
OT3
winterironshield - Freeform
winterironsoldier
steve x tony x bucky
Polyfidelity
Polyamory Jealousy
Jealousy
Jealous Tony Stark
Multiple Pairings
Multiple Partners
Multiple Orgasms
Feminization
Insecurity
Insecure Tony
Healthy Relationships
envy - Freeform
winteriron
Stony - Freeform
Stucky - Freeform
Domestic Avengers
Threesome - M/M/M
Arguing
Sexual Tension
Resolved Sexual Tension
Anger
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Double Penetration
Double Anal Penetration
Double Penetration in One Hole
sexy surprise
Butt Plugs
Self-Esteem Issues
Self Confidence Issues
Body Worship
Tenderness
Gentleness
Dom/sub Undertones
Crossdressing Kink
Come Swallowing
Come Sharing
Rough Kissing
Misunderstandings
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Being Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Acceptance
Smut
Shameless Smut
Gratuitous Smut
middle Tony
Eventual Happy Ending
Established Relationship
Inferiority Complex
Confidence
Dirty Talk
Promises
Aftercare
Pillow Talk
tonguefucking
Blow Jobs
Anal Play
Rimming
Rough Oral Sex
Porn with Feelings
Lingerie

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

