Chapter 1: Part 1
    




Chapter Text
“Review Baby Monitor activity for today,” Tony said, sounding bored as he strode through the lab. It was more of a garage than a full working lab, but he needed private space without all the glass walls and floor-to-ceiling windows always feeling like he was in a fishbowl. He missed the comfort and seclusion of the lab he’d had in his “basement” in Malibu, but he was advised across the board not to buy a bunker in the Appalachians like he wanted to. A converted storage space at the Compound would have to do and even that had been annoyingly difficult to finagle. You know, considering he owned this facility and all. “Right away sir, shall I compile the highlights?” FRIDAY asked polite as ever.“I don’t have anything else going on right now, just let it play, I’ll fast forward,” he sighed, picking up the few pieces of mail that had been delivered messily to his work station by Dum-E. Two bills, two credit card statements, a weekly ad from Aldi (he didn’t even know there was an Aldi in New York) and something from MIT.On one wide holoscreen, the usual startup of the Spider-Man suit played. Tony had it memorized, the sound it made as it booted up and tightened to Peter’s head, then connected to the rest of the suit. The first sigh of breath as the kid acclimated to the suit. Peter had only been using the suit freely for a week now and for the most part nothing of great interest happened in the parts of New York City that Peter patrolled. The footage was so far unspectacular and disinteresting, really only useful to watch how the suit worked in action. Tony had a file of notes he added to as thoughts arrived for updates and patches to the software. Tony settled down in his desk chair and kicked his feet up onto the worktop while ripping open the envelope from MIT. His eyes flicked to the screen. As usual, Peter webbed his bag somewhere, a corner on the backside of a brick building this time, and then threw his first line. Tony liked this part, the monitors read Peter’s heart rate leaping and sometimes the kid would cry out with a mixture of excitement and relief. He was quiet today, that was fine too, but it did momentarily draw Tony’s attention. Tony almost envied Peter and the rush he still got when he flew through the air; the joy of flight never came back after Tony took that missile into space. It was probably different to be Spider-Man though. He flew with nothing but his own reflexes to stop him from plummeting to his death; that sort of rush could get anyone’s heart pumping. It probably also helped that Peter was exceptionally young and still had a nearly disgustingly positive outlook on life. Tony envied that too.The invitation hit the trash can before Tony had even finished reading the word “convocation” because he was so over it. He sighed and scrubbed his work-worn hand over his face, dragged it into his hair, and pulled his attention back to the screen. The Spider-Man’s world spun as he did a dramatic flip between swings, making Tony’s stomach lurch. He didn’t get motion sickness but for some reason watching someone else’s perspective as they did death defying spectacles of gymnastic ability tended to raise his blood pressure and get him a little queasy. Tony hit fast forward.Dum-E hummed in the corner as the robot slowly pursued a half-dollar sized wolf spider with a broom, sweeping at it and missing, the spider getting further ahead each time Dum-E had to stop. While Tony watched the high speed chase make its way in front of his workstation, he picked up a rubber band and pulled it tight from his index around his thumb in a high school style shooter. He stared down the length of his finger with the elastic at the ready, then thought better of it and tossed it back on the desk. Spider-man moved at ten times the usual, swinging around, untangling some people’s laundry, stopping and sitting on the edge of a building to look around for a bit, doing some wild parkour free running on the rooftops for a good eight minutes, which Tony rewound and watched at regular speed. Really, it was just a normal day in the life of Spider-Man. Tony hit fast forward again, leaning his chin in his palm and feeling restless. With a huff of frustration, he slapped the arm of his chair and tapped “stop” far harder than was necessary. He stood and left his lab.It was late in the night (or early in the morning depending on one’s perspective) by the time Tony slipped back into his garage. The compound was never entirely quiet though, there was a security drone humming along the edge of the fence as Tony closed the door behind himself. His sneakers left wet prints on the concrete from the dew on the lawn but he paid no mind to it or the damp hems of his jeans. This place was a hamster wheel. Tony ran and ran and got nowhere, he was trapped and felt like he was fleeing from this ominous presence that loomed ever larger even as he desperately tried to out distance it. Alcohol was an option a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Masturbation
Voyeurism
Accidental Voyeurism
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Underage - Freeform
Mutual Masturbation
Pining
Slow Burn
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
One-Sided Attraction
Dubious Consent
Injury
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has Issues
Obsession
Mental Health Issues
Desperation
tony makes bad choices
Teen Peter Parker
Fanboys - Freeform
Celebrity Crush
First Time
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Hand Jobs
Car Sex
Unsafe Sex
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Drunk Tony
Past Relationship(s)
Multiple Orgasms
Overstimulation
Horny Teenagers
Tony Stark-centric

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

