Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Despite how well they’d worked together during the Battle of New York, it wasn’t that easy for the Avengers to come together as a functioning team. It took weeks, if not months, before any of them started to trust each other. It took even longer before they could be called friends, and close to two years before they were a fully functioning pack. In light of that, it was somewhat surprising that Bucky fit in as easily as he did.
Or maybe it wasn’t, Tony thought idly, leaning back in his computer chair. He was supposed to be paying attention to the board meeting, but thinking about his pack was more fun. From day one, they had all helped to share in Steve’s grief over the loss of… well, everything. Sharing stories about Peggy had actually been one of the key motivators that brought Steve and Tony together, but Peggy wasn’t the only one that Steve talked about. They’d all heard more stories about James Buchanan Barnes than they could count.
So maybe it was a foregone conclusion that when Steve finally brought Bucky home, he fit in as though he’d always been there. Because in a way, he had. Steve had kept the memories of his best friend alive. Of course, Bucky wasn’t the same person he’d been before. Seventy years would change anyone, much less seventy years spent under Hydra’s influence, brainwashing and control.
But Bucky was adjusting and coping well, according to his therapist, and Tony was ready. He hadn’t discussed this with anyone. Not yet. He was pretty sure that Steve was under the impression that Bucky would leave the tower, just like he had for the past year. Bucky had spent the five days of each heat in one of New York’s finest hotels with one or two other Avengers for company, while the others saw Tony through his heat.
They had been a miserable heats though. Tony had felt the loss of two members of his pack like a physical ache. It was just how omegas were; in the midst of his heat he needed their collective attention to keep him from going out of his mind with lust, but more than that he needed to know that everyone was safe and healthy and okay. He did not want to go through a fifth heat without them – without all of them.
The only reason that he hadn’t said anything so far was that he needed to talk to Bucky first. He’d do that as soon as he got back to the tower, he decided. His heat was supposed to be three or four days off, but since Afghanistan his cycle hadn’t been as precise as before. He’d already taken his suit jacket off when Pepper was absentmindedly rubbing her hands together to warm them up.
“ – Mr. Stark, I think we’re good?”
Tony looked up in surprise to find that everyone in the room was watching him, including Pepper. “Yup, we’re good,” he said with an easy smile, which didn’t fool Pepper for a moment. She narrowed her eyes at him, which kept him in place while the remainder of the Board filed out. The last woman out closed the door, damn her.
“What’s going on?” Pepper said. “You’re more distracted than usual, and that’s saying something even for you.”
“I’ve decided I want the whole pack with me this time,” Tony said. It was a relief to know that he and Pepper could have this conversation now. Their burgeoning relationship had come to a firm stop after Tony joined the Avengers. Some part of Tony still believed that they could have made it work, but Pepper hadn’t wanted to join a pack; she was an alpha who liked her freedom, and she’d openly told him that she wouldn’t get along well with having Steve as the pack alpha. 
At the time Tony had told her that he didn’t have to join the Avengers pack, and that he and Pepper could be a couple just on their own. He could still remember the look of perfect disbelief on Pepper’s face, a look that screamed ‘you are smarter than that Tony Stark’. Packs needed at least one omega, one beta, and one alpha to function properly, and, not only was Tony was the only omega on the Avengers team, but he had an immediate, visceral reaction to the idea of another omega being brought in to be pack omega. 
Basically, the writing had been on the way from day one.
Pepper didn’t look surprised. “Have you talked to them about it?” she asked.
“No. I wanted to talk to Bucky first. He just got back from a mission with Thor this morning. I had to leave before he got up. But I don’t think anyone will say no. I caught him and Bruce making out the other day,” Tony said, smiling fondly at the memory. Traditionally new members of the pack had sex with the pack omega first, after they’d been bitten by the pack alpha. Bucky hadn’t even been bitten yet.
Pepper smiled too. “It sounds like things are going well,” she said, and there was a trace of wistfulness in her voice, but she looked genuinely pleased for him too. That was Pepper for you, though.
“I think they are. I’m about to see how well.” Tony stood up and grabbed his jacket, pulling it back on. Immediately he started to sweat, but it was cold out and it was better than a lecture: Steve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta
Alpha/Alpha
Beta/Beta
Beta/Omega
Mating Cycles/In Heat
tony stark in heat
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Thor
Beta Clint Barton
Beta Bruce Banner
Beta Natasha Romanov
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Thor
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Clint Barton
Top Bruce Banner
OT7
note that every combination of the OT7 may show up in here
I didn't want to list all of the names
No Angst
angst-free zone
Pack Dynamics
Pack Feels
Pack Bonding
Team as Family
the avengers are a pack
tony stark as pack omega
steve rogers as pack alpha
Tony Stark Is Loved
good communication
what a novel concept
Dirty Talk
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Hand Jobs
Cunnilingus
Fingering
Orgasms
Self-Lubrication
Omegaverse
Pack Family
everyone is protective over tony
tony is the glue that holds them together
sex and feels
a fic where there is sex and no pain
just everyone loving everyone
it's been a long time since I wrote one of these

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Thor/Tony Stark

