Work Text:
Steve struggles to breathe around the bulk of Bucky’s cock in his mouth, the head of it lodged firmly in his throat, the position he’s tied in with his chin pressed to his chest not helping the situation at all.Like every Sunday since Steve and Bucky had stumbled injured and desperate for aid into Saint Sebastian’s Church of the Holy Cross a month ago, Steve and Bucky are bound beneath the pulpit as Father Roderick Donnelly gives his first of two Sunday masses.Steve hates Sundays.Well before dawn, Steve and Bucky are cleaned inside and out, their stomachs filled with soapy water until their abdomens bloat grotesquely, until they can do little but hold their bellies as they continue to expand, until they shake and sweat, tears leaking down their faces as their bodies cramp painfully at the unwelcome intrusion. This is repeated again and again, well past the time the water flows clean and clear from their bodies, well past the time that Steve wishes the gag filling his mouth was gone so can beg for it to stop. Worst of all, is that despite the pain, both their cocks stand hard and leaking from the start, their bodies twisted to enjoy the treatment.It’s only when Father Donnelly get bored with it that he moves onto the next stage. Bucky barely twitches when Father Donnelly pulls out the tentacle creature, a writhing ball of slippery purple-black tentacles, as he feeds it multiple feet into Bucky’s body, his hole blooming open around it before the creature finally disappears within.Father Donnelly touches Bucky like a pet, and worst is that Steve can see the way he leans into it, likes it. The moment is shattered when the Father brutally twists Bucky’s swollen nipples, yanking hard on the thick hoop rings set deep in each one, forcing tears from his eyes and a pained cry from his throat. One hand presses Bucky’s hair back from his face, an almost gentle touch, before Father Donnelly fists his hand in Bucky’s hair and wrenches his head back, drawing another pained sound from him. “You make such beautiful sounds.”When the Father’s hand falls to cup Bucky’s balls, Bucky immediately freezes.Steve sees that they’re still more than a little swollen and bruised from the events of the previous night.Hand closing tightly round the abused flesh, Bucky makes a choking sound as Father Donnelly begins conversationally, “Did you know that Hydra ensures that I am very well off? They regularly provide me with toys they no longer have use for or toys that their methods cannot break. But they’ve never provided me with specimens as magnificent as you two. The Winter Soldier and Captain America. You are a better than any dream I’ve ever had. Never could they replace you. That is why I won’t be telling them.”Steve screams around his gag, begs for the Father to leave them alone, but he knows it’s futile. When Father Donnelly finally releases Bucky’s balls, he’s trembling from the pain, but his cock remains hard against his swollen stomach, the movement of the creature within clearly visible. The Father turns and Steve knows that he’s next, his stomach dropping when he sees the size of the creature that the Father is holding. He wants to scramble back, run away, but whatever power that governs this place prevents Steve and Bucky from disobeying its will, even unspoken, is still going strong.Father Donnelly stretches the mass of the slick monster and lays the length it across Steve’s body, giving him a visual comparison. One end of it rises well above his head and out of sight, and small tendrils break away and probe at the holes it finds in his face. Steve groans in terror as he shakes his head wildly in denial, certain that even he won’t survive one this big.“Now, now, pet. None of that. You’ve been chosen to help your Lord and Savior grow strong,” Father Donnelly says as he spreads Steve’s legs wide, and pushes them up. “Hold these for me.”Against his will, Steve’s hands snag behind his knees, keeping his legs spread and exposing himself to whatever the Father wanted to do to him.“I love how fast you heal,” Father Donnelly says as he tugs the creature down. The tentacles immediately know what to do and begin to press against Steve’s still swollen and puffy hole, a testament to just how much abuse it had gone through the night before. “To think that such perfect pets would walk right into my web. To not have to worry about going too far, to be able to break you again and again, it’s a dream come true.”By the time Steve and Bucky had realized the danger that they were in, it had been far too late. The words that the Father shouldn’t have known slipping easily from his lips, Bucky’s cup of tea falling to shatter on the ground as he’d slumped forward, and Steve had found himself unable to move. The smile that Father Donnelly had given Steve had made him shiver, the sheer terror that settled over him unsettling and unfamiliar.Father Donnelly had given nothing away before that moment, had been perfectly congenial, sympathetic, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tentacle Monster
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tentacle Monster
Steve Rogers/Tentacle Monster

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Sex Toys
Large insertions
Stomach Bulge
Enemas
Gags
Bondage
Cock & Ball Torture
Nipple Torture
Oral Sex
Cock Warming
Something Made Them Do It
Urethral Play
Watersports
Bladder Control
piss drinking
Piss Enema
Mind Control
Tentacles
Fisting
Creature Inside
Inflation
Forced Pregnancy
Religious Imagery & Symbolism
Prolapse
Bad Ending
Anal Gaping
Choking
Size Kink
Wrecked Asshole
Wet & Messy
Semi-Public Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Male Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tentacle Monster
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tentacle Monster
Steve Rogers/Tentacle Monster

