Work Text:
“What did you do?” Loki, jaw slack with shock, stared at the blackened mess that used to be Thor’s bed. “Did someone attack you in the middle of the night?”“No,” Thor took a deep breath, the heated thrum of electricity still vibrating beneath his skin, “I dreamt...”Loki turned his guarded gaze on him and asked sharply, “what did you see, Thor?”“I don't remember,” Thor lied after a pause. His arm lifted unconsciously, yearning to touch, to make sure his brother was truly here, unharmed and whole, standing by his side. Thor suppressed the urge and made for the mead wine at Loki’s elbow instead. The phantom taste of Loki’s blood was still strong in his mouth, Hela’s triumphant sneer seared into his skull. He took a shaky swig straight from the glass and grimaced at the lukewarm liquid.“Careful there, we can’t have another alcoholic onboard this vessel,” Loki’s fingers curled around Thor’s fist, halting the bottle in midair when he lifted it for another drink.“You need to learn to control your powers, brother,” Loki continued, easing the wine out his hand with clever fingers, “we can’t afford any more damage to the ship. Especially after the Hulk incident.”Thor grimaced at the memory. He had not slept fitfully since his coronation, and the exhaustion had made him sloppy. The new king of Asgard had accidentally zapped Brunnhilde with his lightning when she tapped his shoulder from behind, which resulted in him being body-slammed into the wall by an overprotective Hulk and leaving a human-sized dent in the thick metal. Afterward, Thor had peeled himself out of the crater and apologized profusely to the family they had startled.“Sorry, brother,” The God of Thunder murmured as Loki lifted his chin to examine his bloodshot eye, lips pursing at the evident exhaustion on Thor's face.Loki sighed, “come with me.”“Where are we going?” Thor asked.“Where do you think?” Rolling his eyes, Loki said, “it’s the middle of the night.”“Your bed?” He tried to not sound as eager as he felt.“Yes and no,” Loki strode along the empty hall on silent feet, Thor close behind. The doors to his quarters hissed open and with a wave of his hand, a temporary cot appeared on the floor next to the large bed. Loki smirked at him, “you’re on the floor.”“But-”“No negotiations, Thor,” Loki interrupted, “you are a terrible bed partner. You hog all the covers and cling to everything. Take it or leave it, brother. I am being extremely generous as it is. Tomorrow, we can find you more permanent quarters.”“Fine,” Thor pouted, pulling his shirt over his chest and reluctantly lying down on the makeshift cot. Loki dimmed the lights and climbed into bed.His right eye socket, although healed, still throbbed like a fresh wound, like the way Hela’s hand had pierced through Loki’s chest, the shocking pain cutting Thor so deep he thought he had died when he had bolted upright in bed, lightning crackling across his skin and a silent scream burning in his throat.“Remember when we were little, Mother told us that story about the Kraken, and you were convinced that it lived under your bed? You were so scared to sleep alone,” Thor croaked, pressing his palm over the knot of hot scar tissue on his face. There was a pause before Loki’s amused exhale reached his ears in the dark.“When Mother refused to keep spending the night in my room, you took it upon yourself to capture the beast and camped out under my bed for a fortnight. I would drape an arm over the edge of the bed and you’d hold my hand till dawn,” Loki chuckled quietly, “every single night for two whole weeks, decked out in your tiny Valkyrie outfit and sword.”“And when you got older, you kept an actual pet monster that slept under your bed. It scared the hell out of me when it tried to drag me under once,” Thor added, shaking his head at the memory of Loki's bizarre hobbies. His good eye had adjusted in the dark, and Thor could make out a small spattering of light specks in the ceiling, the patterns mimicking the night sky above Asgard. He wondered if Loki found it a bit easier to sleep under the familiar stars of their home world.“What happened to us, Loki?”He heard the sheets rustle when Loki moved, and when Thor turned his head, he saw Loki extend his arm. Thor reached out without thinking, their fingers tangling in the darkness.“I don’t know,” Loki whispered into the silence.Thor took a deep shuddering breath and opened his mouth, “I saw her kill you in front of me, our sister, and I was powerless to stop her.”The words poured out like blood out of an ugly wound.“I begged and begged for her to take me instead, but Hela said she wanted me to suffer before she killed me, she wanted me to feel the most agonizing pain in the world, to truly break-"“Enough,” Loki’s hand clenched around his like cold steel, “It was a dream. I am here, and Hela is dead.”“Yes, you are,” Thor agreed after a pause, dragging his thumb over Loki’s smooth knuckles.To his confusion, his brother cursed under his breath.“Get up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Fluff
Happy Ending
Pseudo-Incest
Smart Thor (Marvel)
Post-Ragnarok
Growing Up Together
Codependency
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor

