Chapter 1





Chapter Text

‘What is this?’

Volstagg watched as Loki scrambled from Thor’s bed. The tears that streamed down his face left visible trails on pale skin, while he struggled to clasp his robe about his person, and – seeing a sliver of white shoulder – Volstagg blushed and looked away with a frown. He kept his head low, even as Loki stumbled and tripped and struggled to make his way across the room, while Thor did nothing but to stir from the bed and look to Loki with narrowed eyes. 

The rage emanated from him like waves, as Volstagg chanced a glance to see Thor red in his face with bearded mouth pressed into a white line, and – indifferent to his nudity or aroused state – he swung his legs around the bed and slammed them onto the floor. Loki visibly flinched and ran to Volstagg; he clasped onto his arm and forced Volstagg before him like a human shield, as Thor stood with muscles bulging and a vein throbbing on his temple. The stench of sex clung in the air, while both men were drenched with sweat.  
‘I swear,’ choked Loki. ‘I merely came in to check upon him.’
Thor roared out loud and marched over to Loki, as the younger man struggled with his robe and raised a hand as if to defend himself, and Volstagg could only sweep forward and press both hands to Thor’s chest to keep him back. It took all his strength to keep Thor from violence, but beneath his hands Thor trembled and breathed rapidly as if desperate for air, and long locks of blond hair clung to his face with the previous exertions. 

‘He raped me,’ thundered Thor. ‘I will feed his head to a bilgesnipe!’

Coldness overcame Volstagg. He turned with wide eyes to Loki, only to see visible marks on his neck that looked like that came from a choke-hold, and saw how the man shivered with bloodshot eyes and paled skin, as his torn gown barely covered him. Volstagg looked back to see the claw-marks down Thor’s chest and bruises on his hips. Loki stumbled back and braced himself on the doorframe, while his black hair looked mussed and tangled, so unlike his usual self, and when he spoke it was in but a cold whisper:
‘He was the one to rape me.’* * *“It is good to see you, my friends!”Thor bounded through the doors with great speed. Volstagg barely found time to react, as an arm was thrown around him and pulled him close towards an armoured chest, and – with a soft laugh – Volstagg threw his arms back and pulled him tight against him. The hall was decorated spectacularly for the grand celebration, with tables of food laid out that would put even the official upcoming ceremonies to shame, and the heavy aroma of cooked meats and sweets drifted around enough to make his mouth water in anticipation.The lights about the hall reflected brightly from the various ornaments, decorations, and detailed costumes of the attendees, so that – as Volstagg pulled away – he caught the others flitting to and fro in constant distraction, whether it be some young lady that caught the eye or a succulent dish that stole the senses. Volstagg clapped a hand on Thor’s shoulder and chuckled as he realised it would not be long before Thor left in turn.Odin and Frigga sat together in a far corner, where Frigga leaned in with such a gentle intimacy that Volstagg was at once reminded of his wife, and – as a smile graced his lips – he looked across the hall to where she socialised and laughed and gossiped with Sif. It made a remarkable sight, as her long hair was worn loose over an uncharacteristic silver dress, and it was difficult to reconcile the warrior with the young woman, and even the blush of paint on her cheeks made her seem something ‘other’. Volstagg admired her confidence.“I hear your father still hopes you’ll marry Sif,” observed Volstagg.Thor laughed and clapped a hand on Volstagg’s back. It knocked him forward a foot, until he found his balance and smiled up at Thor, who walked past him – red cape flaring behind him – to pick up a mug of mead. He raised it high and watched it spill, before he chugged it back without a care in the world, and soon Fandral joined them with a woman on each arm and a mug of mead in each hand, as he collapsed into a nearby chair and watched them both with a quirked eyebrow and a smirk. Thor ignored him to answer Volstagg.“Sif is too much a sister to me.” Thor shook his head with a smile. “I know not what maiden I shall marry, or what man for that matter, but I know it shall be with one that complements me and balances my less desirable traits with more virtuous ones. I look to Father and Mother, as well as to you and Hogun and others so happily married, and that is what I desire.”“Come now,” chirped Fandral. “You shan’t be king for a few more weeks! Do you honestly want to ruin your mood by talking about marriage? Why tie yourself down to one woman when you can be tied up by many? I even know a brothel that you might –”“You are not taking Thor to a brothel,” chastised Volstagg.“Why not?” Thor teased with a wink. “It certainly sounds l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)

freeform: 
Sibling Incest
Rape Aftermath
Rape Recovery
False Accusations
Mpreg
Family Drama
Dysfunctional Family
Friendship
Pre-Thor (2011)
Minor Character Death
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Eventual Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)

