Chapter 1





Chapter Text
As soon as he saw the ship and nauseating recognition thudded to life in his stomach, Loki knew that they would never make it to earth. On the receding wake of victory, they were all going to die."What –" Thor began, breaking away from his stunned silence to look at Loki.Loki did not turn to face his brother. He was transfixed by the bulky, menacing spaceship. For a moment he was certain he was going to be ill. What had he done –Then his mind seared in unexpected, white-hot agony. He tipped forward, crashing to his knees, hands clapped to the sides of his head as he fought back a scream."Loki –" Thor's voice was far away, muffled behind the reawakened, high-pitched shrieking inside Loki's own head: the pain as fresh as it had been yesterday, the cruel, piercing torture of a foreign mind invading, tearing, rending his own."Thor –" he managed to gasp between his desperate efforts to keep his mind his own, to defend against the alien voice that was already cackling at his petty efforts. "Thor – it – it is him – we must – must flee – before it's too late –" his voice dissolved in a silent shout, mouth stretched wide. He was on the floor now, curled in on himself as if making himself smaller would somehow diminished the target.The ship shuddered and groaned. The lights flickered. They'd been swallowed by the larger ship's tractor beam. Alarms blared, red lights whirled. It was all too much. Too much. Loki shut his eyes against the influx of information. Panic smothered him. Not again. Not again. He would not let it happen again.Footsteps rattled through the floor. "My King –" gasped one of the newly arrived guards in confusion and fear.Thor did not have time to answer, for just then a deep, poisonous voice crackled through the ships intercom, so grotesquely familiar that, for a moment, Loki could not tell whether it was sounding from within or without his own skull."Little god…trickster god…" the voice hissed through the labyrinth corridors, echoing in the high-ceilinged chamber of the bridge, eliciting cries of distress and stilling heartbeats in fear. "You cannot hide from me. I know what it is you have. Have you brought it just for me, little god? How kind of you to consider bringing me a present."Thor had his hand on Loki's shoulder, heavy and hot, a point of contact that Loki focused all his attention on, trying to distract himself from the tentacles of poison wending through the canals in his mind."I speak to your king – your little king, infant king – King Thor," Thanos continued. How did he know? Had he managed to withdraw so much information from Loki's mind in only a mere second of torture? "Behold, I am Thanos, destroyer of worlds, ruler of this universe."You dare hide your brother within your walls, King Thor, last king of the Asgardians? You threaten the safe haven of your people, just for your treacherous god of lies? Do you not know how he has betrayed you? How he has stolen the Space Gem from the shrine of your crumbled city – how he committed such an act with the intention of bringing the Gem to me, to fulfill my orders of long ago."I offer you a bargain – turn over your brother to me, the silvertongue, the fork-tongued serpent – and in exchange I shall not pulverize your ship and the last remaining souls of your people into a thousand particles of dust. This I leave for you to ponder. I give you an hour to do so. If, by then, the trickster god has not been returned to me, his rightful owner, then I shall destroy you."The voice cut off as sharply as it had begun, leaving quaking silence in its wake. Their ship remained stagnant, fixed in the electronic pull of its exponentially larger companion.With a final gasp of pain, Loki felt the digging fingers inside his brain tear away. Did Thanos find the effort too much, or was he merely withdrawing for a brief reprieve before beginning the assault afresh? Either way, the pressure in his mind receded, reducing him into a shuddering mound on the floor. For a moment he only lay there, trying to catch his breath, cheek glued to the cool metal floor. With effort, he roused himself, and pushed his body into a sitting position. Thor kept a tight grip on his arm and Loki found he didn't mind the steadying hold of his brother."Loki," Thor's voice was quite plain, not a growl of accusation. "What have you done?" Still, he might as well have punched a knife through Loki's gut."Thor, I swear –" Loki began but he could not continue. Swore what? What did he swear? The tesseract – vanished into a pocket in the fabric of his being instead of the fabric of his physical cloak, conjurable at the merest thought – seemed to burn his flesh with guilt. It was by his doing Thanos had been summoned to them – his doing, once again, that led his people to the waiting jaws of ruin.Rapid footsteps interrupted them and Valkyrie burst onto the bridge. Her eyes flashed dangerously, she had her sword drawn. She shouldered her way through the wide-eyed guard
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Thor Is a Good Bro
Protective Thor
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Infinity Gems
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Infinity War
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Angst
Action/Adventure
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Trailer
Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Post-Credits Scene
Loki (Marvel)-centric
Post-Black Panther (2018)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
None
