Work Text:

Monday

Bucky blinks blearily, not entirely sure why he’s awake hours before his alarm is supposed to go off. He yawns, and when he doesn’t hear anything unusual, he closes his eyes, ready to doze off again, but huffs when a stray elbow catches him in the ribs. 
“Babe,” he mumbles, nuzzling the back of Tony’s head, and tightens the arm he has wrapped around Tony’s chest. “‘S still early, go back to sleep.” 
“Sorry,” Tony whispers back, reaching down to slot his fingers through Bucky’s. “Didn’t mean to wake you up.” 
They lie quietly for a few minutes, still apart from Tony’s thumb stroking over the back of Bucky’s hand, and Bucky slowly, lazily running his nose up and down Tony’s neck. But then Tony twitches, and lets out an aborted noise of discomfort, and Bucky’s instantly on high alert. 
“What’s wrong?” he asks, propping himself up on one hand, and gently rolling Tony onto his back with the other. “Are you hurt?” 
Tony looks soft and sleep-rumpled, mostly, and maybe a little paler than normal, though it’s difficult to tell in the dim light. Bucky brushes his hair back, then presses the back of his hand against Tony’s forehead. “It’s not time for your heat yet. Is it? You feelin’ sick?” 
“Not really,” Tony says, and takes Bucky’s hand, moving it to lie just below his belly button. “It’s just my stomach, feels kind of bloated.” He grins, tongue-in-cheek. “Probably from Clint’s chili last night.”
Bucky presses down gently, eyes widening when he’s met with more resistance than expected. Tony’s certainly in shape, especially for a man his age, but he doesn’t usually have washboard abs like Steve or Thor, although it almost feels like it now. His stomach, while not looking any different from what Bucky can tell, is definitely more firm, almost hard. 
And sensitive, if Tony’s sudden, sharp intake of breath is anything to go by. 
Bucky stops moving, and pulls back a little. “Does it hurt?” 
Tony’s shaking his head before Bucky’s even finishes asking his question, arching up shamelessly to push his stomach into the touch. “Keep going, feels nice.” 
“So spoiled,” Bucky accuses, smiling, as if they don’t both know that that’s entirely Bucky’s fault. He leans down to press a wet, open-mouthed kiss to Tony’s hipbone, and lightly strokes both hands up and down Tony’s sides. 
When Tony gasps, he hooks two fingers under the waistband of Tony’s sweats, and arches a questioning eyebrow up at him. Tony nods eagerly. Bucky grins, and goes to work. 
Tuesday 
“We do have a front door, y’know,” Bucky teases, but he does put down his knife, and wipes his hands on a towel before letting Rhodey pull him into a hug. “It’s this big, rectangular hole at the bottom of the building? That opens when you walk towards it, all on its own? Apparently that’s all the rage these days.”
“You’re hilarious,” Rhodey deadpans, clapping Bucky on the back a couple of times before stepping away. “The landing pad’s easier.” 
Bucky rolls his eyes, and turns back around, pulling another sweet potato onto the cutting board. “Mhm, sure. ‘Cause gettin’ in and out of your armour doesn’t take longer than the actual flight from your apartment to the tower.” Under his breath, but still deliberately loud enough for Rhodey to hear, he adds, “Has nothin’ to do with you bein’ a showoff at all.”
Rhodey has Bucky in a loose headlock, and Bucky’s ranting about cooking etiquette and knife safety when Tony walks into the kitchen. He’s covered in what Bucky hopes is grease or oil, trying and completely failing to look stern with his mouth twitching tellingly, hair sticking up in all directions, and the too long sleeves of one of Bucky’s henleys—which Bucky’s been missing for the last half week—falling down over his hands. 
It’s stupidly adorable, Bucky thinks, and some of that must show on his face, because Rhodey makes a mock disgusted, long-suffering noise under his breath, shoves Bucky away with a hand on his forehead, and goes to hug Tony instead. Bucky laughs, entirely unrepentant, winking at Tony behind Rhodey’s back. 
For a moment, Tony smiles back, eyes twinkling mischievously, but then he suddenly goes pale, before turning faintly green. He practically jumps away from Rhodey, nearly stumbling over his own feet, and covers his mouth and nose with his hands. 
“Tones?” Rhodey sounds concerned, and Bucky is, too. He quickly steps closer to put a steadying hand on Tony’s elbow, asking, “You okay, sweetheart?” 
“Yeah,” Tony croaks, nodding, and when he removes his hands, a normal, healthy colour’s already returning to his cheeks. “Ugh, sorry. I don’t know what that was. I got a whiff of your aftershave, and I just,” he trails off, wincing apologetically at Rhodey. 
Rhodey frowns. “It’s the one I always wear,” he says, craning his neck to sniff his collar. 
Tony shrugs helplessly, leaning into Bucky when Bucky curls an arm around him. “Maybe you’re gettin’ sick after all?” Bucky suggests, and pecks Tony’s cheek when Tony scowls up at him. “You did have that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Post-Avengers (2012)
Naga
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Crack Treated Seriously
Mpreg
Eggpreg
Babies
Established Relationship
Oblivious
Fluff
Humor
Happy Ending
POV Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

