Chapter 1





Chapter Text
(If you are reading this on any PAY site this is a STOLEN WORK, the author has NOT Given Permission for it to be here. If you're paying to read it, you're being cheated too because you can read it on Archiveofourown for FREE.)
 
One:
"You can't beat him hand to hand."
Tony didn't like to acknowledge it, but she was right. "Friday, analyze his fight pattern."
"Scanning! Countermeasures ready!"
"Lets kick his ass." Tony reached for the shield but before he could grab it, Friday activated the shoulder mounted tank buster missiles.
"No!" Tony shouted, too late as Rogers and Barnes were fragged beyond recognition.
"Boss?" Friday asked, in a worried tone, "Did I do wrong? You could never have taken them in using non-lethal force."
Tony looked at the bodies. "Oh, shit."
 
Two:
Zemo knew he should have left, but watching Captain America and the Winter Soldier beat the hell out of Iron Man was just too entertaining. He actually began to feel a little sorry for Iron Man, after all his family had been murdered, too. It didn't seem fair to let the winners walk off. He grinned and gave Barnes the code words. "Kill Rogers," he said.
Even one-armed, Barnes was amazing. Rogers held back, just a little too much and a little too long. Zemo was so enthralled by the show he didn't notice T'Challa walk up behind him in the control room and grab him by the back of the neck. Zemo looked up at T'Challa and smirked. "Too late," he said.
"Perhaps."
 
Tony woke up, and looked around, as best he could with one eye swollen shut. White walls, white ceiling, bright lights, the smell of a too clean room, and echoes from metal in austerely furnished rooms. It all screamed 'Hospital'. Everything hurt, but after a moment he localized the worst pain as being in his chest. He moved his right hand, weakly trying to reach it. 
"Don't." A hand clasped his wrist, firmly, but not painfully. 
Tony blinked and moved his head enough to see T'Challa was attached to the hand. "Wha happ..?"
"Zemo has been captured."
Tony frowned. "Steebe..."
"Captain Rogers was killed by Sergeant Barnes, but not before inflicting a fatal wound on Barnes. They are both gone."
"Huh." Tony closed his eye a moment.
"Captain Rogers gave you one last gift," T'Challa said.
"Wha?" Tony blinked again. 
"He was brain dead. But there was nothing wrong with his heart."
Tony tried to understand.
"Fortunately, he was an excellent match for you." T'Challa smiled. "And it seems his enhancements have been at least partially transferred to you along with it. You will make a full recovery."
"Huh," Tony said again. 
 
Three:
Zemo had the code words and he was safe in a control room designed to withstand the launch blast of UR-100 rockets. He had considered simply killing the frozen super soldiers, but he became bored, waiting while Rogers and Stark argued and assembled their teams and squabbled.
He set them to defrost, with the trigger words on autorepeat as the process continued. It probably wouldn't hold for long, but he really didn't care if they got away. His world was dead, what did it matter?
Captain America showed up -- and the idiot had brought Zemo the Winter Soldier. He laughed himself sick as he watched Rogers plead with his good friend to remember him, to help him. Six super soldiers against one. Rogers put up a good fight, give him that. He killed three of them with the shield before they got him down and tore him to pieces.
Iron Man arrived in time to blast Barnes and the remaining Winters with rocket fire. He lifted his helmet and leaned over Rogers.
Rogers' last words were, "He was my friend."
 
Four:
T'Challa was not a vulture to fly after a lion waiting to share the scraps from its kill. He had been given the private frequency of Iron Man's communications, and he used it once Iron Man left the hidden prison.
"Iron Man, do you require assistance?"
The red and gold armor flashed as it turned, located him and flew back to pace T'Challa's jet. "I thought you'd gone home. Barnes didn't kill your father," Iron Man said over T'Challa's comm.
"Indeed, he is innocent of that," T'Challa said. "And I had thought I would atone for my mistake by aiding him in secret."
"But?"
"But I am a king. It was selfish of me to consider only my own injury. Others were harmed during Barnes' escape. Whether he chose to do so or not, those people deserve a reckoning. A legal one, if at all possible."
Iron Man said, "Right. Well, I'm told there are five other Hydra programmed super soldiers in Siberia, probably under cold-sleep. Rogers is taking Barnes to ... I have no idea..."
T'Challa said, "At best, that would be the two of them against five soldiers of equal ability. At worst..."
"At worst Barnes gets triggered and it's six to one."
"I had been told Rogers was an excellent military tactician," T'Challa said. "He must surely have a plan?"
"Don't confuse the man with the legend," Iron Man said wearily. "He's a great guy. Fearless and determined, but that's not always compa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Tony
Not Friendly to Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
steve gets punched in the face
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
None
