Chapter 1: Captain America
    




Chapter Text
War.
Not the romantic idea that many civilians believe it to be. Wars are often painted black and white. Good guys and bad guys. Right and wrong. 
Not in this case. 
Both sides had heroes and villains. Enemies and friends were the same. Soldiers and civilians were too. It was a mess. Couldn't trust anyone or anything. There was no innocence.
Steve Rogers looked back to the skinny form curled on the other side of the plane. Spider-Man (or Peter Parker as Stark said) lost his innocence today. His freedom. His identity. His family. His home. All gone. He was so young too. Far younger than Steve when he joined the military to fight a war. How old was he? Fourteen? Fifteen? Something along those lines. In either case, too young to get caught up in this war. 
Peter had been out for almost eight hours. Whatever they hit him with, it knocked the lights out of him. Then again, the weapon wasn't built to strike Spider-Man. It was built to hit Captain America. To take him down and make him inactive. 
Steve shook his head. How did it all come to this? He remembered the Avengers forming, coming together to stop Loki's plan of world dominance and assassination. He recalled those fond moments afterwards with the team, sitting around to enjoy each other's company. No arguments. No belittling. Just good old fashion conversation and drinks. 
Yet, even back then in those happier moments, it was spiraling to this exact point. Steve, sitting alone in a plane with an unconscious, superhero kid. He was not looking forward to when the boy wakes up from his coma. 
After escaping the school and meeting with his friends, Steve got Wanda and Scott to help him cleanse the tracking droids out of Peter's system. Couldn't have Ross and his men find them through the boy. It took some difficulty, but eventually they destroyed the tracking devices and they cut the chains that linked Peter's wrists together. He was free from the government's imprisonment. For now. 
Steve promised Stark he would keep the boy safe and Steve never broke promises. It was too risky to keep Peter in the United States. Not with Ross and his team (including former teammates) searching for them. Alas, this was the new age of war and Steve needed to learn to adapt to it in order to survive. Along with Peter Parker.
A stir on the other side of the plane caught Steve's attention. The boy's head moved and a hand twitched. Seconds followed and eyes blinked into awareness. Brown eyes alight in confusion of his surroundings, twisting around to survey the area. 
Cautiously, the boy began to rise. "W-Where am I?" he groggily muttered as he rubbed the last bits of sleep from his eyes.
Steve inhaled, mentally readying himself. "You're safe, son," he said to Peter. "You're on a plane."
Peter shot his head up to where Steve sat, eyes rounding on him. "Captain America?" Peter gasped through his croaked throat. "W-What... how—what's going on? Where am I?"
"You're on a plane," Steve repeated, getting up from where he sat and moved across the small aisle to sit next to Peter. "You were shot by soldiers at your school. Do you remember that?"
Peter's face crinkled in concentration before slowly nodding. "Yeah... yeah, I remember," he said, becoming fidgety. Most likely a reaction from his memory. "They shot Mr. Harrington! Is he all right? They didn't kill him, did they?"
Steve shook his head. "No, he's fine."
"What about my friends? Ned? MJ?"
He had no idea who Peter was referring to, but he assumed Ned was the boy who refused to leave Peter's side. "No one was hurt except you and your teacher. Everyone is safe."
That cooled off Peter, but the fidgeting didn't wane. His eyes bounced around the plane, searching for something or someone. "Is this Mr. Stark's plane?"
"No."
The boy's brows furrowed in confusion. "Oh... um… whose plane is this then?”
“King T’Challa’s plane.”
“Who?”
It appeared Tony forgo introductions between team members. “He’s the Black Panther,” Steve illuminated for the kid. “The king of Wakanda.”
Peter’s eyes went wide once more. His lips formed a tight oval shape as the recognition settled through the muddled haze. “Oh—wow! That’s, um, cool. I guess. Never been on a plane. I mean, I have been on a plane, but not a royal plane,” the kid blabbed, clearly his nerves were overworking. “So, are we like heading back to the compound? Will Mr. Stark be there?”
This was going to be difficult. Steve inhaled, his shoulders rising as he did. Readying himself like he always did right before going into battle. “We’re not heading to the compound.”
“Oh. Okay, then like a safe house?” Peter assumed.
He wasn’t completely wrong. “We are heading to Wakanda,” Steve informed him. “To Africa.”
Peter shot up from his seat. "To Africa?!" he exclaimed, stunned beyond belief. "I can't go to Africa! I... I have school! My friends. My aunt—Aunt May! Does she even know what's happening? Does she know where I am?"
"Listen Pete—"
"I can't leave Aunt Ma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
T'Challa & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Shuri
Thaddeus Ross & Tony Stark
Norman Osborn & Peter Parker
Harry Osborn/Michelle Jones
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fugitives
On the Run
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Government Agencies
Reunions
Sokovia Accords
Alternate Universe - Marvel Cinematic Universe Fusion
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Clint Barton
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Secret Identity
Secret Relationship
Уточнять у автора
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
T'Challa & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Shuri
Thaddeus Ross & Tony Stark
Norman Osborn & Peter Parker
Harry Osborn/Michelle Jones
Nick Fury & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

