Chapter 1: The Questions
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“We are open to questions now.” Maria motioned for some random journalist and prayed. Since Stark left, these interviews have been a massacre.As people that never had a microphone shoved into their faces, Maximoff and Wilson were understandably out of their depths. Maria could even understand Barton somewhat and Romanoff’s only experience was that Congress hearing that ended up with the redhead metaphorically giving everybody the finger. And Rogers… well, patriotism can only do so much but so far it seems to be working with women yelling, men nodding approvingly and for those that didn’t like it, the most they did was roll their eyes.Vision got out of it by saying that he wanted to adapt and train before coexisting with civilians… which kinda puts Maximoff in a very bad light whose first mission was two weeks after Sokovia’s fall. Something that Maria stressed many times that it should not be in any shape or form mentioned to anyone.Even then, there were moments were pure pearls got out of their mouths that Hill wanted to bash her own head in. No matter, if nothing went wrong, then in little more than two years the Accords will be ratified and these people will no longer be her problem.“Now that Dr. Stark is officially out of the Avengers who will finance the team?”That made Steve frown, “Tony never… paid us. We are not his kept-men.” and sent and sent a disappointed look towards the blonde woman that made the question.Another reporter, this time a middle aged woman raised her hand, “Then where the money for your tech, clothes, housing and even food come from? The government?” cue for suspicion to rise amongst the reporters.If it wasn’t Tony Stark’s or SI’s money these people were spending… whose resources were they using? The only other option was some politics gathering favor for his or her campaign and that was unacceptable.When no answer was forthcoming for several minutes, Natasha knew that she had to take the reins.“Of course not, the Avengers are apolitical. As a unit dedicating ourselves to protect the world as a whole, it is against our code, so to speak, to publicly support a candidate or even a government.” Not good enough of a distraction, Natasha realized grimly. She was used to one-on-one manipulation, not entire rooms full of bloodthirsty sharks.“Then where is all this money coming from?” the same woman insisted.“Mr. Rogers misspoke a little.” Maria jumped in smoothly enough but not enough that the reporters didn’t notice that the ‘official’ Avengers had no real answer, “Dr. Stark is financing the Avengers when about employing former, cleared SHIELD agents to be ground soldiers in order to make perimeter and gather intelligence and the equipment is made by Tony Stark personally with no ties to Stark Industries.”“Then I repeat my previous question: with Tony Stark out of the Avengers, who will continue his work?” the first young man got up again.“A series of tech companies including but not limited to HAMMER Industries, Samsung Electronics and Microsoft are in talks about contributing to the Avengers Initiative, Sony also expressed interested as did Oscorp and Rand Corporation. We are looking for other, more internationally based venues to continue our… apolitical stance.” Probably the only ones that noticed her distaste in the word were those that knew Maria really well. Not much in the world survives or can even afford to be ‘apolitical’ especially not what is basically a Black Ops.“Ok, so this covers how the Avengers will keep operating but how about your personal lives? Is ‘Avenging’ now a recognized profession? How are you paying for room and board so to speak?”“No.” Hill replied fast enough but she really hated the answer she was about to give, just knowing what would happen next, “Personal expenses are currently being covered by Tony Stark.”And here was the storm. Flashes and questions fired like a machine-gun, voices rose, attempting to be heard. With a sigh, Maria sneaked a glance towards the Avengers and frowned at what she saw: Rogers and Maximoff were staring back at the uproar of reporters with confusion, Wilson was eyeing Rogers like he wanted to ask something and Romanoff was the only one that seemed grim at what just happened.“Yes?” Maria pointed someone at random. What difference did it make at this point?This was not the direction she wanted the interview to take. Perhaps some uncomfortable questions about the disparity in female to male ratio of membership or even about Maximoff’s less than stellar past, something that they were trying to keep under wraps as much as possible.“Do you find it acceptable to live off of a billionaire’s pocket?” it was a quirky young woman that asked, completely indignant.Maria’s mouth was already open but before she could answer, Rogers leaned down to get closer to the microphone on the table, apparently forgetting that all of th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Money doesn't fall from the sky
There is no 'bashing' but just as a warning:
Author is still bitter
Author can't believe some people
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
