Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
‘Are you going to come for Daddy?’ Loki growled against my ear from behind as his cock plunged into my warmth again.'Yes! Fuck! Please, Daddy!’ I whimpered, pushing my hips back to meet with his every thrust.'Tsk, tsk. Such dirty words from a beautiful princess.’ He chastised as he brought his hand down to smack my rear end, making me cry out from the pain that moulded into delicious pleasure.He angled his hips just right as he thrust into me again and again. I could feel his chest on my back as he folded himself down over me. One of his hands slid underneath me, down between my legs to torment my clit as his warm breath tickled the back of my neck. It quickly became too much and I started to clamp around his girth, squeezing him as I came all over his cock.'Ohh that’s it, baby girl. Such a good girl for Daddy. I’m going to come so deep inside of you, fill you with my seed.’ He purred seductively, his voice sent shivers all through me as I felt him start to pulse inside of me.'Oh god. Yes, Daddy!’ I cried out in pleasure as I felt him empty his load deep inside me, just like he said. There was no better feeling than a mature and powerful man, taking what he wanted from my teenage body. Claiming me in the most intimate way, making me his.I could feel his sperm trickling out of me, running down my thighs as he stayed buried inside of me. I was always amazed with how much he had to give.Soft kisses were planted on the back of my neck, making me moan.'What the fuck is going on?’ My mother’s screeching voice from the bedroom door made me jump.Loki and I both looked up to see my mother’s horrified face, staring at us fucking like crazed animals on my bed.I let out a whine of humiliation as I tried to move from under him, but his strong arm clamped around my middle, holding me in place. His cock still firmly wedged inside me.'Well, you’re home early.’ My step-father said calmly as he grinned wickedly at my mother.How did I get myself into this position, being fucked by my step-father, you may ask. Well, let’s go back 3 years to when it all started…I was 15 when I first met Loki. I had heard my mother talk about him a lot for the past few weeks. But I presumed he was just another fuck buddy for her. She was always bringing strange men home. A different one every month, sometimes every week! It had been the same for years, as long as I could remember. Not caring at all about my safety, bringing random men into the house with only knowing little about them, if anything at all.Not that she cared about my safety at all. I learned from a very young age to look after myself. My father left when I was a baby, so I don’t remember him. Mother was always out in pubs or fucking strange men in her room. I never really had a caregiver, someone to look after me. I cooked for myself, washed myself, went food and clothes shopping myself and I made sure I did well enough at school. It had been the same for the past 10 years. That was when my auntie died. She had cared for me, minimally, until she was in a car accident when I was 5. Then I was pretty much on my own.We weren’t rich, we weren’t poor either though. My grandma passed away when I was 7, though I never met the woman. She left all of her money to us, which was more than enough to keep us comfortable for the foreseeable future. But mother still pushed at me to get a job, ever since I turned 12 she hounded me to get a paper round, walk local dogs, mow lawns. Anything for extra cash, while she just drank and fucked her life away.So when I heard the front door open and her voice all high and giggly, it was nothing new. I was in the kitchen doing my homework.Then I heard his deep, sultry voice for the first time.'Are we alone?’ He asked my mother.'No. My daughter will be in the kitchen. But that doesn’t matter. Come on.’ I heard her say as she no doubt tried to drag him upstairs.'No, no. I want to meet her.’ The voice said.This is new. I thought. None of her fuck buddies ever bothered with me. It was like I was invisible. But I was used to it by now.I heard heavy footsteps make their way through to the kitchen. Followed by my mother’s lighter steps. I looked up when they entered and holy shit. I was sure that a God had just entered the room.The man was the most stunning thing I had ever laid eyes on. I mean ever. He had long black hair, piercing green eyes, wonderful sharp looking cheekbones. He was exceptionally tall and had broad shoulders. There was an essence about him that just seemed like he would draw attention from everyone wherever he went. Like he commanded respect. He was wearing an all-black suit, which made sense why mother had dressed exceptionally well for going out for a change.My panties were instantly wet as I looked upon him. Especially when he spoke again. His voice up close was like smooth velvet that wound its way into my veins, like a drug.'Hello, darling. You must be Valerie’s daughter. My name is Loki.’ He said 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character
Loki/step-daughter

freeform: 
Loki/step daughter
Loki's a step-father
Smut
NSFW
Forced Orgasm
Vaginal Penetration
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Cunnilingus
no protection
Doggy Style
Dirty Talk
daddy!loki
dd/lg
Daddy Kink
Creampie
Vaginal Fingering
Praise Kink
Love
Spanking
Rules
Sugar Daddy
Protective Loki
Possessive Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character
Loki/step-daughter

