Chapter 1: Why Me?
    




Chapter Text

Bucky rolled his eyes when the alarms blared through the tower lobby. Everyone else tucked tail and ran, used to having to run at any time, but he only made his way to the stairwell knowing that the elevators were automatically disabled any time the alarms went off. Only Stark or the other Avengers could override the security on the elevators. Bucky groaned and began to trudge his way up the forty flights of stairs to his cubicle. Well, technically it was an office, but it was barely larger than a supply closet so he called it his cubicle.


Fucking Avengers! Every other week the alarms blared and he had to use the stairs to get to his office. He had work he needed to do, damn it! And a bunch of assholes weren’t going to stop him. Sure he could work somewhere else, definitely somewhere safer that didn’t get attacks aimed at it every few days, but he liked his job. He was good at it. And trudging up the stairs had made his already fantastic ass even more amazing than it had been. His thighs were great now too. So there was that. 


Taking forty flights of stairs really had done wonders for him. If he was less stubborn he wouldn’t have the best ass out of all the Intelligence nerds. He’d won Best Ass at their Christmas party the last three years in a row. He’d lost the first year, but only because they’d included Captain America in the Best Ass category. Bucky had protested because his was natural and Captain Rogers’ had been made in a beefcake machine. Bucky honestly hadn’t minded losing to him, because Holy Fuck Yes Please, but it wasn’t fair that he’d been included. No one was going to win against Steve Rogers in the Best Ass category.


Twenty floors up, halfway to his floor, he heard the pounding of footsteps running down the stairs. That was odd. Usually everyone just headed toward the safe room on whatever floor they were on. He made sure the clip on his backpack was done up across his chest and shifted his shoulders to adjust the weight of his notebooks, file folders, and laptop. Whoever was coming down the stairs was most likely not an employee. Everyone knew the drill. Newbs were trained in the safety drills before they even started working. That shit was the very first thing you learned. It was all a huge pain in the ass, but also worth the huge paychecks you earned by putting up with it.


Bucky didn’t bother trying to slip through one of the doors in the stairwell. He walked up the next flight of stairs and plastered himself to the wall where he wouldn’t be seen by whoever was making their way down toward him. A couple minutes later a pair of black combat boots came into his sight, followed by black BDUs, a heavily armored vest with enough straps and buckles to make a dominatrix squeamish and loaded for bear with several guns and knives and possibly a mini rocket launcher. Cute, Bucky had always wanted a mini rocket launcher. 


Dude’s face finally showed and Bucky raised a brow. Dude was fine. Like…Bucky wanted to revert to his kindergarten days of chasing him down and tackling him to give him kisses fine. He’d been an adventurous kindergartener and hadn’t been at all selective about the gender of the cute kids he’d tackled and given kisses to. Turned out he’d been an adventurous teen and young adult too. His adventurous side had taken a break lately though because the only person of any gender he wanted to tackle and kiss was Steve Rogers and he kind of liked his job too much for that because he was sure he’d get fired if he did that. Or he’d get arrested.


But fine as hell dude walking down the steps? Bucky could tackle him because he definitely didn’t work for Stark. Bucky had memorized every face that was part of the tower security and every face that worked with the Avengers. Dude was almost Captain America fine, Bucky kind of hated that he wouldn’t get to kiss him. Or climb him like a tree because seriously, so fine. The guy ran right up to him without even seeing him and Bucky stuck his left arm out, clotheslining the dude and knocking him on his fine ass. The dude gagged and groaned as he rolled on the floor and Bucky ducked down and pulled one of the guy’s guns from a thigh holster then bobbed his head side to side in thought before taking the mini rocket launcher off of the guy and swinging it over his shoulder. It’d make a pretty neat souvenir if he got to keep it.


Bucky trained the handgun on the guy’s chest after flicking the safety off and leaned one shoulder against the wall, getting comfortable. There was no telling how long he’d have to wait until someone came to pick him up. 


“What the fuck,” the guy groaned rubbing at his throat and coughed. “The hell’s that arm made out of?”


Bucky grinned and reached over to pull his shirt sleeve up enough to let the guy see the glint of metal in the lights of the stairwell. “Stark Special. So, you wanna tell me what you’re doing here?”


“Not really.”


“Okay.” Bucky raised his aim to the guy’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
I guess its an Avengers AU?
i dunno
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Fake Marriage
Friends to Lovers
Non-Graphic Violence
Slow Burn
sorta - Freeform
A Pinch of Salt
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
probably
terrible puns
Giant Alligator
man-eating pandas
oh noes
there's only one bed
whatever will they do
Jealous Steve Rogers
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers & Thor Friendship
Thor knows how you feel about each other
Morons
Matchmaker Thor
Steve and Bucky are stubborn assholes
actual talking about things like adults
eventually
Smut
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Accidental Marriage
guess that tag shoulda been used a while ago
cause it was sort of an accident
Temporary Breakup
Minor Angst
Like a smidge
a couple paragraphs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

