Chapter 1: Standard Livery
    




Chapter Text
The ship that Loki and the gladiators had ‘liberated’ from the Grandmaster of Sakaar was nominally a cargo vessel, but it was in keeping with that being’s ostentatious and outrageous character that even a ship that he would never be caught dead on would still have hundreds of square meters of useless space, stupidly opulent crew quarters, and a fully stocked wet bar and DJ station in every room that could even remotely be considered ‘public’.Which was definitely a plus in Thor’s mind, as he sat in the crew staff room with Loki and Heimdall, fourteen days after their flight from Asgard, watching Valkyrie work her way methodically through the exotic collection of bottles, because while the ship had copious amounts of drink, what it lacked was any appreciable supply of food.And they had five thousand Asgardian refugees on board.“I need a definitive answer, people. How long will it take us to get to Earth?” Thor asked, one hand drumming the polished blue table, the other cradling his temple to soothe the pounding in his head.Loki glanced at the others. “Thor, we’ve been over this.”“I know, I know, but it’s been a very long two weeks and... just tell me again.”Valkyrie put down the decanter she had just picked up. “Given the weight of the ship, the weight of the passenger compliment, the distance we need to travel and the fuel required... no less than sixteen months.”“Sixteen months?” Thor opened his eye. “Last week, you said twelve months.”“Last week, I thought we had a fully-stocked ship. Which we should have had, according to the ship’s manifest,” she added, with a sidelong glance at Loki that was more exhaustion than annoyance, “but the bulk of it was apparently jettisoned to make extra room for the passengers.”“You can’t actually be faulting me for that.”“No,” said Heimdall quickly, forestalling what could have quickly become a heated argument, “but it means we are going to have to stop periodically on the journey, in order to resupply. And given how many people we have onboard, whatever rations we can take on will get eaten very quickly. Even if we had gotten the ship fully stocked, it wouldn’t have lasted. We have too many mouths to feed.”“We’ve been traveling for two weeks already. What supplies do we have left?” asked Thor. “How long can we travel before we’ll have to stop?”“At present? Only a few days.”“I’ve been looking over the ship schematics,” Loki interjected, pulling up the conference table’s 3D modeler and displaying a map of the vessel. “With careful billeting of the people and by jettisoning whatever else we can spare, we can make enough room to hold a month’s worth of edibles and, theoretically, medical supplies, if we can find them. There’s a small amount of interstellar currency onboard, but there’s also a lot of useless equipment we can use in trade, or dump, if we have to.”“Better to keep it,” Valkyrie advised. “We’ve got nothing else to use, so unless we plan to turn pirate...”“See what you can do about stowing it elsewhere,” said Thor. He squinted at the model but could make little sense of it. “Loki, uh...”“...Ah. Of course.” Impassively, Loki tapped a few keys and returned the schematic to a two-dimensional state. “Sorry. I haven’t had a chance to work up a seidr model, so this will have to do for now.”“It makes no difference,” Thor replied, very gruffly. “So we will need to find a harbor. But where?”“We are still within the reach of Yggdrasil. Vanaheim is nearest.” Heimdall’s golden eyes looked at each of them in turn, waiting for their reactions. Valkyrie and Loki both glanced at him, then at Thor, then, guiltily, down at the map. Thor alone looked up, past Heimdall, to the window that showed the black nothingness that surrounded them.“Vanaheim,” he murmured. “It will be a strange thing, to try and land this great bulk there... They would at least be friendly to us still, I hope...” But at the thought of telling the Vanir what had befallen Asgard, and how, and why, and of telling Hogun’s family that he had been slain by Thor’s own sister, he recoiled. A sudden wave of cold revulsion crashed over him.“Is there no way for us to avoid having to stop so often? Can we not speed up the journey to Earth?” Heimdall shook his head. Valkyrie let out a disbelieving laugh. “Loki, you have knowledge of how to travel quickly over vast distances. Is there any way you could...?”“While I’m flattered by your confidence, brother, even if I was at my best, I couldn’t transport a ship full of five thousand people along the unseen paths.”Thor frowned. “Not at your best? Loki, you are too modest! You were fighting fit during the battle!”“Oh yes. ‘Fighting fit.’” Loki pushed back from the conference table, his face twisted into a scowl. “If Your Majesty will excuse me.” He offered Thor a small obeisance, a bow that was as respectful as a slap in the face, and stalked off.Thor dropped his head into his hands. “Odin’s beard, I will never understand his moods...
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)
Heimdall & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Sif (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Loki
Sif/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Reunions
Family
Suspicions
Developing Relationship
Difficult Decisions
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Romance
Sexual Content
Responsibility
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Thor Is a Good Bro
Post-Ragnarok
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bisexual Brunnhilde | Valkyrie (Marvel)
Bisexual Loki (Marvel)
Past Relationship(s)
Parenthood
Magic
Rituals
Family Secrets
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)
Heimdall & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Sif (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Loki
Sif/Thor (Marvel)

