Work Text:
“Thanks for your help out there,” Tony says and wags his eyebrows. He cuts his eyes to the left and then to the right and crouches lower, like he’s telling a secret, “Bruce Wayne.”The man in question sighs and looks to the ground, not dignifying him with a response. He’s becoming increasingly aware that his identity is the worst kept secret in the superhero community and he’s not shocked that Tony Stark, of all people, knows.Behind Bruce is the rest of his team. Superman is scouring the skies above and Diana and Aquaman are using their strength to clear the rubble out of the road. To the side of him is the Flash talking fast and loud about the battle to a less than impressed Cyborg- looking on ahead, unmoved with his hood up.Tony could wait longer for a response, could probably needle the man some more because, honestly, the guy looks like a grumpy cat who could do with some pushing, but he takes his cue to leave with some grace this time around. Something about seeing their team work cohesively and amiably together stings- that they should prosper where he had tried so desperately, over and over again, and failed anyways. No, he can’t stay any longer. He can already tell that he’s a little much for them, and what’s new? That’s true for everybody he meets.He does a two finger salute before the face plate closes back on him, “Well, it was nice talking to you guys. See you when the next big bad tries to kill us all again.”* So, it’s not that long until the next big bad tries to kill them all. Actually, it’s only a week- which, lately, is their average lag time between villains cropping up. You could say that they’re on a roll.This time it’s god-knows-the-fuck-what (slime maybe? All they’ve got is that it’s gross and poisonous) spilling up out of the sewers in Gotham. It’d be a simple plug the leak and cleanup job if not for the fact it erodes anything that comes in contact with it.Tony sees this on the news with that one Daily Planet reporter (Lois something?) after an alert from F.R.I.D.A.Y. along with “Our very own Justice League, already on the scene-” and he’s already running calculations using the composite data available on the substance because oh, god if they’re anything like the Avengers, then they’re going to try to punch their way through the fucking slime, and that won’t end well.It takes about ten minutes for him to come to the solution but after running everything through F.R.I.D.A.Y. for double checking, he’s suited up and ready to go. A simple combination of tomato juice, water, and vinegar should render whatever it is harmless. It’ll be kind of like giving the entire place a skunk bath, but at least nobody will die.-- By the time he gets there, the streets have been evacuated and the entire Justice League is bent over the Batmobile having a hushed discussion about how to handle the situation, as opposed to just jumping into it.He lands right beside them (greeted by a cheerful “Iron Man!” from the Flash) and explains his findings before anybody can ask him why he’s here. Bruce looks skeptical, but does a small test on a piece of slime inching dangerously close to his shoe and is reasonably convinced after that.“Barry, you’ll be the fastest, can you go get some more,” Bruce squints down at the paper where Tony haphazardly wrote all his math down earlier, “Tomato juice, vinegar, and water so we can clean this thing up.”The kid practically jumps at the chance and Tony is reminded of his own fondness and constant worry for the spiderling.“Sure thing boss. Anybody need anything?,” he emphasizes this by doing a circle around all of them in a millisecond, “Water, Soda, Candy…”Bruce gives him a look, translatable even from behind his mask as Just go already, and the kid raises his hands in surrender and leaves, while Bruce smiles after him.The scene is so warm and touching, and it’s never what Tony’s had with his own team. Every conversation between him and the Avengers is forced and stilted. There’s no friendship there and certainly no trust, at least not for him. They work like a well oiled machine on the field, but after? After he’s still just their consultant, just their pet kept on a very tight leash, only doled out when it becomes convenient to the rest of them, when they need somebody to die for the cause because they have Captain America to live for it.Tony sighs to himself and gets ready to leave. He figures his work is done here. They probably won’t want him to stick around and step on their toes.“Hey, Iron Man, thanks for your help today. We really appreciate it. This is some brilliant stuff you came up with.”Bruce holds out his hand for him to shake, and Tony takes it, mostly because he’s kind of stunned, and slightly because he doesn’t really know how to respond to genuine praise these days.Wonder Woman steps forward and puts her hand on Bruce’s arm, “Listen, we’re sure you’re busy, but after we do things like this, we all like to have dinner together and talk. You’re welcome to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
superhero nonsense
questionable science
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony is incredibly bad in social situations
he's working on it

fandom: 
None
