Chapter 1: prologue
    


Summary:

He walks this new earth for millennia, a silent sentinel among the dust and ruins of entire civilizations that have risen and fallen with the tides of time.



Notes:
okay, so this isn’t very ragnarok-compliant. i changed a lot of things about hela’s backstory and what her prison is like (actually, there wasn’t much detail about that, so)anyway, welcome! updates are incredibly sporadic, my apologies. my health is pretty shitty and exam stress is the same thing as school stress, most of the time. it’s not fun.titles for most of this series is taken from advienne que pourra by fabien incardona from the musical la légende du roi arthur.  if you're a loki fan, check out this edit.




Chapter Text

 0 0

p r o l o g u e
“The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.” — Mark Twain Harry doesn’t think he can die. Everything he’s done so far has proven that.He stared Death in the face as an infant and survived unscathed but for an insignificant scar. He spent his entire childhood with people who abused and neglected him. He confronted a troll within the first two months of studying in Hogwarts. And in the years that followed, he only continued to evade Death, always staying one step ahead because of either luck or sacrifice.So when he gives himself up for the final time in that solemn forest and Death offers him the choice to leave or stay, it’s hardly a surprise that he chooses to live.Evading Death is all he’s ever known.Of course, that isn’t his smartest decision. But when he remembers that time in a ghostly white King’s Cross Station with a long-dead headmaster, he can’t help but wonder why he took so long to decide.Because the only thing he truly excels at is staying alive.So when he outlives his children and his grandchildren and everyone after them, he simply reaches for another shot of firewhiskey and relishes the burn of it down his throat. When the muggles attack out of fear and prejudice, he shields the few wizards smart enough to come to him for help. And when he stands in the center of the universe and watches the world burn into ash on a wind that doesn’t blow anymore, he merely sighs.Then he moves on.He has to. That’s his curse, doomed to roam the world for eternity, forced to watch everyone he loves live and die within their lives while he carries them on to the afterlife. He’s a lone silhouette against the fading light as the world succumbs to the darkness he’s spent his entire life battling against, because nothing he does is ever enough.And he wonders then, a little selfishly, if he will meet his end. He’s done more than what was required of him, saved the world so many times when no one asked him to. He’s walked among demons that wished the world dead and defeated them while everyone took his sacrifices for granted, endured the muggles deriding him for being the last of his kind even as he saved them all time and time again.But Death has other plans in mind, and so Harry is spirited away to another dimension, one where Earth—they call it Midgard now—has just come into being and the Nine Realms are fighting for dominance.He walks this new earth for millennia, a silent sentinel among the dust and ruins of entire civilizations that have risen and fallen with the tides of time. He doesn’t interfere anymore, not where he can help it.He’s too tired of the war.But the Æsir concern him, if nothing else but for the fact that they assume that their longevity and superiority grants them power over the Realms. So he attaches himself to them, makes himself out to be an advisor so he can keep an eye on them.He is there when Bor Burison first assembles the Einherjar to steal the Aether away from the Svartálfar and when he eventually falls in battle. He stands by the dais when Odin Borson ascends to the throne after they mourn his father’s passing. He watches from the shadows as Hela Loptrsdottir is made his Executioner and together they assert their power over all the worlds.Fenrir Loptrson howls in victory by his sister’s side, and their brother Jormungandr coils behind her, eyes gleaming in pride. Across the battlefield, Hela raises her head and meets Harry’s eyes. A sharp grin curls her lips, and Harry feels an answering smile tug at the corners of his mouth.She always has been his favourite student.When Midgard is invaded, Odin leads the Æsir to victory against the Jötnar, Hela at his side, as always, and claims the Casket of Ancient Winters as his prize. Somewhere along the way, Thor and Loki Odinsons are born, but Harry doesn’t pay much attention to that. He’s too busy trying to persuade Odin to give the Casket back.“Take anything but that!” he shouts at Odin, temper running short. “That’s their source of power, they’ll die without it!”“So?” Odin roars. “Know your place, Haraldr. You are but an advisor and I the king. I have the final say in things, and when I say the Nine Realms are better off without the Jötna
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Master of Death Harry Potter
Harry Potter Has a Saving People Thing
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Angst
Immortality
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Everyone Needs A Hug
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Infinity Stones
Don’t copy to another site
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Avengers Team

