Chapter 1: 2012 - New York
    




Chapter Text
  
  

Of His deliverance I will boast,
    Till all that are distressed
From my example comfort take,
    And charm their griefs to rest.
(psalm 34)
 
   “Listen to me, Jane, you are going to do what I say because you know I’m right, you understand?”The astrophysicist clutched the phone tight to her chest and let her head bang back softly against the overturned desk she and her intern were hiding behind. Darcy was right and Jane did know it, but that didn’t mean she had to be happy about it. What a bloody stupid time for Thor to be called out for a mission. He was going to be furious when he got back.“Darcy…”“No. No arguing. Stay here and do not move. Keep trying to get through to Tony, they can’t keep JARVIS down forever.”“What are you going to do?”Darcy’s face lit with a manic grin that looked far too out of place in a hostage situation when they were surrounded by enemy evil scientists and huge gun toting soldier types. She waved her taser, which Jane already knew only had one charge left.“Same thing I do every day, Pinky. Get to the middle of the lab and make a nuisance of myself until somebody responsible comes to save the day. Just another Wednesday at Stark Tower.”Before Jane could say another word, Darcy had slipped out from behind their makeshift cover and was confidently striding towards the centre of the lab where the attackers had set up their strange equipment. The loud click of a dozen guns readying themselves echoed in the glass walled room along with angry shouts in a foreign language.“What’s up, bitches?”Jane dialled again, praying to Frigga that this time the call would go through.  ^_^_^_^_^_^_^_^_^_^_^_^_^_^  It was three months after he woke up following his ice nap and Fury gave him the satchel full of old files that Steve Rogers felt brave enough to open them. Nestled tight in his little Brooklyn apartment, he flicked through the top few folders of the Howlies, went to the gym, destroyed a few punching bags, then cried himself to sleep alone in his too-large bed. He avoided any interpersonal contact. It was too much. He had lost too much.A month later he read Howard’s and Peggy’s files. He mourned for the death that came too soon for Howard and for the tragedy that was the loss of Peggy’s mind. He decided he would visit her in D.C. even if there was a chance she wouldn’t remember him. It was the right thing to do.Two files remained, hidden beneath his spare uniform in the bottom of his tac bag. He refused to look at them. When he went to see her, Peggy told him he was being dramatic.“They are gone, Steve. We loved them and they were taken from us too soon but they are gone. This guilt you carry will not bring them back.”Steve hung his head, both loving and hating that Peggy Carter never ever pulled her punches. Not even now, older and smaller and frailer than he remembered but no less sharp on those days when her mind was her own.“I know. And I know that it is the price of war, that millions of others were lost with them. But… She didn’t know, Peg, I never told her how much I… She was my soulmate and she died before… before I could tell her-,”Peggy’s wrinkled hand squeezed his, her cold skin a stark contrast against the heat and vitality of his own.“She was there for you when you needed her to be, more than once,” said Peg. “And because of that, you were able to go on and save so many other lives, help end the war. Perhaps… Perhaps that is enough.”Steve nodded. It wasn’t enough, would never be enough, but he didn’t want to argue. Peggy squeezed his hand again.“Would you like me to tell you a story about her?”He nodded again, worried his voice would crack if he spoke. He was unsure if his leaden heart could take much more abuse but he was desperate to know every tiny scrap about her. He wanted to know the woman that Fate had decreed his perfect match, wanted to know all the things he hadn’t been given the time to learn before she had been cruelly torn away. It was sick, in a way, how he would twist the knife in his guts even as he writhed in its pain.“I could tell you about how many pencils she made Chester Phillips snap during briefings. Oh she made him furious, constantly defying the structural hierarchy and going over his head. Or when Lorraine unfairly dressed down a scared young nurse, Lily gave her a tongue lashing in return that was so fierce Lorraine refused to come to work the next day and risked an official reprimand. Or how Lily would sneak out of the women’s dorms to fleece the soldiers at cards so often that it became a contest to see who could discover how she was cheating. Of course, none of them could ever prove anything and she collected half the cigarettes in London despite the fact she didn’t smoke…”Steve surprised them both and laughed out loud. That sounded like something Bucky would have found funny too.“Or I could tell you of her dear friend Jane, who Lily left behind to join up with the SSR. Lily never told me how
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Time Travel
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Sokovia Accords
Healing
Developing Relationship
Implied/Referenced Torture
Angst with a Happy Ending
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Sister
It will be alright in the end
If it's not alright it's not the end

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark

