Chapter 1: Shock
    




Chapter Text

‘Mist...ark’
He couldn’t stop the events from replaying in his head. Over and over and over. How long had it been? How many hours? Had it only been hours? It felt like so much longer. Could it have been days? No, there was no way he would have made it days...not even in top shape, much less the state he was in.
‘..ster...ark!’
He had known. How long had he known for? Had they all known? Were they just sitting back, laughing at him as they spend his money searching for his mother’s killer? However much he had hated Howard, he was still... no-one deserved to go out like that; staring into the eyes of someone they had once believed to be a friend, as the life slowly drained from them... struggling and kicking, desperate to get away, to escape from the inescapable supersoldier grip.He should know.A small giggle escaped from his lips. Was he the only one who could claim that now? How many had survived the strength of a supersoldier bent on destruction? It couldn’t be more than a handful, if that. Let alone two…He had seen the sheer power behind one of Steve’s punches. It was enough to break the hydraulics on a secure door. He’d seen it, first hand. A young woman trapped behind secure doors at a bank. She should have been safe. Would have, if not for the doombots that had caused the whole security system to blow. It would only be a matter of time until the heat or smoke got to her. Or it would have, if not for Captain America.
‘... no... complete... owerless.’
Captain America... a real hero. The paradigm of everything good and right with America. A natural leader. A man who stands for his ideals, who won’t be swayed with pretty words or false promises. Everyone said so. His whole life, he had heard it. His father, Aunt Peggy, classmates, even the Smithsonian had a whole wing dedicated to his heroic actions. There was no question; Captain America - real American hero.
‘... can’t stop… eed ou…’
Not like him. Oh no. Hero and villain. Golden boy and tarnished mogul. Innovative creator, futurist, a shining example of capitalism at its finest; bringer of destruction, trying to force change, taking manual jobs away from hard-working Americans and giving it to machines (never mind the tens of thousands of jobs he had created. Why talk about those, when hundreds - who he offered retraining and new, better-paid positions - were out of assembly-line jobs). Son of a hero, yes. Howard had helped win the war. His son, though?
‘The hell? Get… now!’
Merchant of death. War profiteering, selfish, self-centred…
‘Mister Stark... ony... hear me?’
...embodiment of the American dream. Playboy. Billionaire. Philanthropist. Everyone loved it when the Maria Stark foundation announced a new project or held another fundraiser - it gave them so many chances to bring up his wrongdoings once more…
‘...on the line...ing...make it.’
So what if his tech protected hundreds of thousands of soldiers on the battlefield? If only he made more weapons, they wouldn’t need protection. If only he stopped being so selfish, if he shared his iron man armour, they wouldn’t even need to be in the battlefield. Would the soldiers complain and picket Stark HQ if they were replaced with Iron Legion suits, just like the assembly line workers had? Or would they see it as it was intended, an act of protection?
‘Count of….two...ree!’
It wasn’t enough though. Trying to protect the world... it would never be enough for them. Ultron. The Iron Legion. The Accords. All his fault.No, no... the accords weren’t his fault…A whimper of pain escaped from his lips. Why were his lungs on fire? Why did everything hurt? No, not everything…Every breath felt like agony. So much like Afganistan. The cold felt like burning - or did burning feel like the cold? He couldn’t tell anymore. Hands weakly struggled against the dead weight of his armour, trying to lift, to old up a battery that wasn’t there. They would be back soon. Back with water and harsh words he couldn't understand. To make demands he couldn’t - no,  wouldn’t - give in to. Build them one, they’ll just want another. And another. And another.Just like Howard. Just like Stane. Just like Shield.Bright lights and shouting surrounded him. He was cold. So cold. He hadn’t felt like this, not since those long, long nights in Afghanistan. Where was Yinsen? How was he supposed to understand their harsh, guttural words without Yinsen to translate, to explain?‘No, no. Won’t go back. Can’t go back... Just trying to take responsibility... trying... trying to help…’ He couldn’t do it again. Not again. Not without Yinsin to help him through the nightmares. Not without Rhodey, his brother in all but blood, leading the search as he knew he would. Not without the hope of more with his Pepper Pott…
‘Stark... happened?...no, no! Lay down…’
He’d blown it all, hadn’t he? He had the world at his fingertips for what had seemed like such a brief, beautiful moment. He had blown it all in the end. She had been his.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Tony Feels
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Angst
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Hatred
Angst with a Happy Ending
Miscommunication
Post Captain America: Civil War
Hurt/Comfort
Team are not a family
Team as Family
Hurt Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Eventual Fluff
maybe? - Freeform
Fluff and Angst
Grief
stages of grief
Betrayal
Recovery
Vulnerability
Depression
PTSD
physical injury
Disability
Physical Disability
Injury
Tony Stark Has Issues
Trust Issues
Tony talking through his issues
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Abuse
Tony Stark Feels
Anti Steve
Anti Team Cap
with good reason
Not just bashing
Panic Attacks
Stress
steve rogers needs to apologize
tony stark tries so hard
feels all around
so many feels
all the feels
Hospital
New Avengers
Moving On
Acceptance
tony doesn't deserve this pain
tony deserves much better
Tag happy
what did I do
why even
Peter Parker in an Avenger
Well eventually
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags May Change
Not a death fic
NO character deaths
Everyone lives
Everyone lives - no-one dies
Suicidal Thoughts
Civil War Team Iron Man
Writers block sucks hard guys
You are all awesome
Kudos makes everything better
Seriously guys thank you
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

