Chapter 1: Black and Blue
    


Notes:
If you're coming back and re-reading this, you'll find some changes. I rewrote sections and heavily edited. I think it's much more readable and flows better, plus it's not a grammatical nightmare anymore. Thanks and I hope you enjoy!




Chapter Text
Life has a funny way of working out, how random events can lead you down a path you never saw for yourself. Tony didn’t realize when he walked out of his tower that night, sleep-deprived, sock slipping in his shoe, that his life was about to change forever.The air was cold and damp from the rain earlier in the day. The streets were still puddled with water, and the air smelled like ozone and pollution—it smelled like New York. He looked to see Happy waiting by the car, holding open the door. Tony had no reason to pause and turn at that moment, but he did. It was like he could feel something behind him nudging him to look.What he saw was something that made him lower his glasses, peeking over the rims. Stretched out on the ledge with his head on a dirty backpack was a scrawny kid. It looked like he was trying to get cover from the weather, sleeping wherever he could. The boy didn’t appear more than twelve or thirteen from his size—maybe even younger. It was hard to tell. One thing Tony noticed, though, was how sickly he looked. His skin was pale, making the streaks of dirt stick out. A bruise colored his cheek, and his lip was swollen and split. The picture before him made Tony’s stomach twist uncomfortably.Without thought, his feet brought him forward, maybe a bit too fast, as the kid jumped awake and stumbled to his feet. Tony was a little surprised how quickly the boy moved.He put up his hands, taking off his glasses and stashing them in his pocket. “Easy, kid,” he said. “I’m one of the good guys. I haven’t seen you around here before. What’s your name?”The kid shifted his weight between his feet for a second. Tony watched as the kid seemed to weigh his options, his eyes continually searching like he expected danger. Tony was just about to speak again when the kid grabbed his bag and bolted down the street. He was gone and around the corner in a heartbeat. The boy was fast. He’d give him that.“Dammit.” Tony ran a hand through his hair, not sure why he felt so frustrated. It wasn’t like the kid was anyone special, but something about him made Tony care. The kid looked so lost. “Boss?” Happy was beside him, looking confused.Tony shook his head, grabbing his glasses and putting them back on despite the darkness.“Nothing. I don’t know. There was just some kid here.” He played off the encounter despite the nagging feeling of concern. He stepped around Happy and slid into the backseat of the car.“You want me to notify security. Make sure he doesn’t come back?” Happy asked before shutting the door.“No, it’s fine. He’s just a kid,” Tony said, waving Happy off and signaling the conversation was over.As the car pulled away from the curb, Tony couldn’t help but wonder who the boy was. His heart went out to the kid. He doubted he’d see him again, though. Taking out his phone, his thoughts wandered to the list of projects waiting for him the next day, and he tried to put the night's events behind him.It wasn’t long before he forgot about the encounter. It wasn’t hard amidst the chaos of his life. Between the meetings, the projects, and trying to keep the world from being attacked by the latest threat, he was a busy man. It wasn’t until he had a moment to escape from the tower on his own that he ran into the boy again.Wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses for disguise, Tony slipped from his building and onto the sidewalks of New York. There was a small hole in the wall coffee shop a short walk from the tower. He was reasonably sure they knew who he was, but the staff never bothered him. The short walk let him clear his head. Sometimes he needed space, the walls of his workshop feeling tight and all too confining.When he walked into the shop, he didn’t immediately recognize the kid behind the counter, but the sight of him caused him to pause. He looked out of place—not a regular employee. It took a moment of studying him to place his face. Once it clicked, he was sure it was him—the bruised boy he’d met that night.The kid was standing behind the register, looking much too young to be out of school. He was cleaned up a bit. His bruises were mostly gone, but it didn’t help how pale and underfed he looked. Tony imagined a stiff breeze might be enough to knock him over.He wasn’t sure why, but he was curious about the kid. It wasn’t entirely unusual for Tony to want to solve puzzles—and this boy definitely was one. He was much too young to be out of school and working. Tony wondered if the kid was homeless or just in a rough home. He hoped no one was hurting the kid. Tony knew first hand what it was like to grow up with someone who used their hands or a belt.Tony walked up to the counter and pulled his glasses off, slipping them into his po
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony Stark
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Peter
Hurt Peter Parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Past Child Abuse
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Parent Tony Stark
Homeless Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Self-Harm
Tony is trying but it's hard
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Depression
Depressed Peter Parker
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Identity Reveal
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Needs a Hug
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
some gorey descriptions
Awesome Pepper Potts
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Will never probably be compliant with much
I do what I want

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

