Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Aside from the fact that Fury is in Washington dealing with the fallout from the most recent alien attack, leaving Maria to watch over things in New York, Maria Hill’s Tuesday starts the same as any other Tuesday. The majority of her morning is spent going over the details for an upcoming op in Berlin, and a routine meeting with the R&D department takes up the rest of it; as well as a significant chunk of her afternoon. (Though Maria barely counts that as work.)
 
Meeting with the R&D department always means getting a chance to play with the new toys and Maria leaves the meeting with a smile on her face. Walking down the hallway, heading back to her desk to make a few phone calls, Maria thinks to herself how nice it is to finally have a day where nothing goes wrong. The thought flashes through Maria’s mind and she stumbles to a stop. Maria holds her breath for a moment, half convinced that something will explode just to spite her.
 
But nothing happens.
 
The quiet of the empty hallway remains unbroken and Maria chuckles softly at her ridiculous concern. It is just a foolish superstition; the day will be what it will be. Thinking that she enjoys the quiet doesn’t mean she will call down the wrath of an uncaring Universe. Maria continues on her way, thankful that no one was around to witness her brief moment of irrational fear.
 
Maria is just a few feet away from her office, debating if she wants to detour to the break room for a cup of coffee, when her phone starts ringing. For the second time that day Maria’s steps falter; the phone in her office  never rings. There are just too many other, more effective, ways to get ahold of her.
 
Maria tells herself that the worry coiling in her stomach is unfounded. She tells herself that if something were actually wrong her com would have gone off. Or her cell phone. Maria reminds herself that she isn’t a superstitious person. That the idea of having jinxed her day is ridiculous at best. Maria tells herself that she has nothing to worry about.
 
But, even as she tells herself these things, Maria still moves into her office and towards her phone with quick, urgent steps.
 
“Hill.” Maria glances at the display as she picks up the phone, and there is no comfort to be found there.
 
The call is coming from Medical, and there is no reason the Medical department should be calling her. Not unless something has gone horribly, horribly wrong.
 
“Maria!” The relief in doctor Nazri’s voice is palpable. “We’ve been trying to reach you for over twenty minutes.”
 
“I was down in R&D,” Maria tells her, “why didn’t you try the coms?”
 
“We did. We also tried your cell and the R&D department. Nothing went through.”
 
Maria frowns. She pulls her cell phone out of her pocket and swears when the screen doesn’t turn on. “One of the new energy weapons exploded while I was down there, it must have fried the electronics.” Maria tosses what is now just a horrifically expensive paperweight onto her desk. “What’s going on?”
 
Doctor Nazri hesitates, and Maria’s vague worry solidifies into something closer to dread.
 
“We need you down here,” the doctor says after a moment. “As soon as humanly possible.”
 
Rana Nazri has been with SHIELD almost as long as Maria has. She has seen and dealt with things that would make most doctors run screaming in the other direction, and she has done it with a strength and grace that Maria has always admired. Doctor Nazri is known for her unshakable calm; Maria can’t think of a time when she ever lost her composure.
 
So the tremble in Rana’s voice, however subtle, tells Maria everything she needs to know about the urgency of the situation.
 
Maria heads for Medical at a dead run.
 

 
 
There are certain health risks that come with doing what they do. Saving the world is not safe, or easy, or something that leads to a long and healthy lifespan. When the majority of your time is spent fighting aliens and monsters, when you spend your days dealing with alternate dimensions and mad scientists, you get exposed to all kinds of horrific things. And, though SHIELD does basic scans and checks on their agents and the Avengers as they need to, once a year Rana insists on making everyone go through a more rigorous screening process.
 
Six years ago, when a mutated parasite left eggs too small to be detected in an agent’s bloodstream, they’d almost lost Chicago. The eggs incubated in the agent for sixteen months before they began to hatch, eating him from the inside out and then attempting to spread through the population. Five hundred and eighty four people had been lost, most of them civilians, before the threat could be contained and eliminated. After that Rana did a complete overhaul of their medical protocols and procedures; which included adding an intense annual checkup for anyone who ticked enough of the boxes on Rana’s checklist.
 
It wasn’t unusual for the Avengers
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Dubious Consent
Smut
I promise there is a plot
it's just hidden behind a lot of sex and angst

fandom: 
Maria Hill/Natasha Romanov

