Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Two hours to the exact minute that the curse had been removed, Natasha jerked awake. She sat up halfway in her bed, face so pale and tinged with green that Steve reacted automatically. He shoved a basin under her face just in time, then grimaced and looked away politely as she lost whatever she’d eaten that day. His own headache still lingered, and that was with the serum. Natasha and the others would probably be feeling the after effects for days.
“Steve… Steve, what –” Her words came out as a panicked rasp and Steve turned back to her, suddenly grateful that he’d opted to sit with Natasha instead of Rhodes, Sam or Clint. He’d known her long enough to know that Natasha’s fight-or-flight instinct was stronger than most; nine times out of ten, she would go with fight. But every once in a while, that flight instinct would send her packing. Judging by the frantic way her eyes were darting around, this could’ve been – might still be – the tenth time.
“Hey, it’s okay,” he said gently, setting the full basin aside and taking her cold hand. “You’re okay. You might be dizzy and have a headache for a little while. Upset stomach goes hand-in-hand with that, I guess. You want something to sip? Ginger ale?” He waited for her nod before reaching for the glass sitting on the nightstand. Natasha always liked flat ginger ale when she was stuck in medical.
She sipped from the glass, cautiously swallowing the mouthful and waiting a few seconds before drinking a bit more. “What happened?” she asked. Her voice was hoarse, like she’d been screaming. 
“Wanda cursed us,” Steve said, deciding that being blunt was best. “From day one, she was manipulating us.” Fresh anger bubbled beneath his skin. He’d been replaying the look on Tony’s face when he said it would be best if he left for hours. Wanda may have been the cause, but Steve, Natasha, Clint, Sam and Rhodes – they were the ones who had put that expression there.
Natasha’s lips tipped down into a frown and she closed her eyes. Steve remained quiet, even though it was hard. He wanted to surge to his feet and rant about how unfair and twisted everything was now. He wanted to hit something, preferably Wanda although he would settle for a punching bag now that she was out of reach. He wanted Natasha to say something, anything. 
Finally, she did. “Ultron wasn’t Tony’s fault.” She sounded matter-of-fact, but also puzzled. “Why did we think it was? Bruce and Thor both had a hand in creating him. So did the scepter, for that matter.”
“Wanda wanted us to think that it was, because she blamed Tony for everything else,” Steve replied. That was yet another thing that made no sense in retrospect. How could he have believed that Tony was responsible for killing Wanda’s parents? That was pure idiocy. Tony hadn’t set off the bomb that killed them, hadn’t even made a weapon, much less a bomb, in years. 
For that matter, it was entirely likely that Tony hadn’t even sold the bomb. If the bomb had been actual Stark Industries product, and now that Steve was thinking clearly he had his doubts about that, there was another person culpable. Stark Industries had hushed up a lot of Obadiah Stane’s black market dealing, but the Avengers, especially Steve, knew how far-reaching that had been. It wasn’t Tony’s fault that’d been betrayed by someone he trusted. Stane had pulled the wool over the eyes of far more people than just Tony.
But Wanda had. No matter what anyone said or what evidence was set down before her, her anger was reserved solely for Tony, as though Tony was the God who made the world go ‘round. In retrospect, Steve could see that, for someone she hated, Wanda had ascribed a lot of power and influence to just one man. It wasn’t possible for Tony to have done even half the things that she claimed he had.
And the worst part of it was that everything she’d said seemed so logical. Steve hadn’t once thought that maybe she was wrong because the time he’d spent with Tony had proven that Tony was not the person she claimed he was. He hadn’t considered the fact that inviting Wanda to join the team had meant losing two valued members, or that she was more dangerous than helpful in the field. He hadn’t thought about anything.
“Phil,” Natasha breathed suddenly, one hand flying out to grip Steve’s arm painfully tight. Her eyes were wide. “Did I see…”
“Yes. He’s alive.”
“I need to see him,” Natasha said. She started to throw back the covers.
“Whoa, I don’t think you should stand up so soon.”
“I need to see him,” Natasha repeated, this in a tone that allowed for zero arguments. She stared Steve down until he gave in with a nod, rounding the bed to help her stand. Natasha swayed when she was on her feet, but she stiffened her spine and refused to sit. She took one unsteady step after another out the door.
Phil and Laura were in Clint’s room, one of them on each side of the bed. Phil stood when he saw Natasha and said something quiet to Laura, giving her shoulder a gentle squeeze
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Ignores Civil War
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
talk of brainwashing
Talk of Mind Control
Mind Control
Not Wanda Friendly
wanda hates tony
I hate wanda
aftereffects of brainwashing
aftereffects of mind control
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony Stark
Apologies
Break Downs
Panic Attacks
clint barton is not okay
clint barton is breaking apart
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Science Bros
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
bruce banner returns
Phil Coulson lives
wanda maximoff gets exiled
the xmen may make a cameo appearance
or at least charles xavier might
Angst
Angst with feels
Angst with a Happy Ending
or at least a hopeful ending
No character bashing
but if you like wanda I wouldn't read this
forcing characters to take responsibility for their actions
Divorce
breaking up
Hugging
steve rogers apologizes
wanda maximoff needs to learn some control
Platonic friendships
Strong Friendships
I don't know what these pairings will be in the end
vision does not want to be around wanda
no one wants to be around wanda
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

