Work Text:
Agent Coulson stood blocking his way wearing an unimpressed frown on his features. “I could have sworn I left you back in Malibu, Stark.” There was something sharp and unrelenting in his gaze.Tony offered a bright, cheery smile back.“You did.” He conceded without mentioning what happened in New York but if Coulson hadn’t seen it on the news then Tony certainly wasn’t going to bring that up, “However I’m afraid you have something of mine and I don’t like people touching my stuff.”He didn’t move and instead continued gazing steadily back at Coulson without a single sign of moving anywhere but forward. Everything had been wrapped up at the Stark Expo, or as wrapped up as it was going to get with so much fire and destruction, and now he was going to deal with this.Maybe this time he could take a long vacation without a maniac ruining it.“You’re mistaken.”Tony cocked his head to the side. It was entirely possible Coulson, actually, didn’t know. He had guarded his mark obsessively and had been forced to create technology to hide himself with. With a world that constantly seemed to need to know every little thing about him everything about this was protected to the full extent of his abilities.He kind of loved that Shield hadn’t weaseled it out from him. The triple impostor had never even caught the slightest whiff of it if the information Fury had shoved across at him, insulting lies he mentally snarled keeping his mask very firmly in place, was any indication. Oh well. Sometimes secrets had to come out and it wasn’t like he was giving away all of his tricks with this one reveal.“Did you know my thirtieth birthday was more eventful then this last one?” he asked conversationally. Tony watched for any sign that Coulson might know what he was talking about. So far nothing had crossed or cracked the stoic mask that made up the agent’s face. “There was a record breaking storm that had an impressive chunk of California plunged into darkness.”Something flickered over Coulson’s face.The storm had made national and even global news. It wasn’t every day that a storm blew in out of nowhere, stealing half a state’s power and filling the sky with a spectacular light show. Tony had only seen video footage of the electric storm that had cut through the dark clouds and danced across the sky.It had peaked, at one point, hours after it had first blown in and then eased over the next three hours.“I remember mention of that.”“It was the day I met my soul mate.” Tony confided with an amused quirk of his lips still not giving everything away. He was playing these cards close to his chest and had no intention of laying them down for Shield. “I know there has been speculation over the years that I don’t have a soul mate because I supposedly don’t even have a soul to match.”It was one of the most ridiculous things he’d ever heard but he knew it lent credence to the title the media had gleefully given him: The Merchant of Death. Why would someone known as The Merchant of Death deserve a soul mate? It wouldn’t be fair to all those others who believed they deserved to have a perfect match.“I certainly wasn’t expecting who ended up being my match.” Tony couldn’t stop the fondness in his tone, “Tall, piercing blue eyes and blond hair. I know he could easily break me in half if the mood struck him.”Tony could see the instant Coulson recognized the description. He should. Jarvis had alerted him the instant the information had transferred from Coulson to Fury. Tony had cut out of the meeting he’d been in immediately and hadn’t even bothered with an excuse.He’d been waiting, on edge, for any kind of news at that point. Tony had felt his soul mate return to Earth but he hadn’t landed near Tony like he always did and he’d been forced to wait.Now, with an emotional storm raging at the other end of the bond, he was beyond playing games. Tony didn’t have room for patience or common courtesy. His soul mate needed him and he’d be damned if anyone stood in the way of that.“Move out of my way.” The fondness in his tone was replaced with threat, all good humor gone, as Tony drew himself up to his full height. He knew it wasn’t an impressive height and that he was surrounded by Shield agents but that didn’t matter. Tony could command any room, with any audience and it wouldn’t matter who thought they were the bigger person. He always came out on top and here, in a makeshift Shield base, that wasn’t going to be any different.He’d given Jarvis control of his suit on the off chance this went south and knowing his luck as of late that was unfortunately very likely.“That is your soul mate?” the tone actually turned incredulous. “You mean to tell me that the man who made my men, some of the most highly trained professionals in the world, look like a bunch of minimum wage mall cops is Tony Stark’s soul mate?”Tony grinned, sharp and pleased, as Coulson stared at him. “Thor is a sweetheart.”Sometimes a vicious, vengeful and full of wrath God of Thunder whe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Soulmates
Soul Bond
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Thor Feels
Protective Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Established Relationship
Protective Thor
POV Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Cuddling
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

