Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was a cold November day when Tony hustled into Stark Tower and stood, shivering, by the elevator door. He wanted nothing more than to take the elevator up to his own personal floor and sit by the artificial fireplace for a while, until the damp chill that had seeped into his bones was finally displaced. Unfortunately, there was a mountain of work standing between him and that fireplace.“What’s the rundown, FRI?” he asked wearily, stepping into the elevator. It was, mercifully, empty, which meant he could drop the façade for a few precious seconds. He leaned against the wall as the doors closed, letting his eyes slip shut. Unfortunately, the pounding headache only increased.“ – you have 1,406 emails waiting for you and a package on your desk.”Most of what FRIDAY said went straight over Tony’s head, but those few words caught his attention. He frowned, tucking the thick stack of files that Pepper had shoved in his face on his way out of the meeting under one arm. Every file contained at least one contract that needed to be read and signed before dawn tomorrow. Yet again, Tony was looking at a night of no - or very little - sleep."A package on my desk? From who?" he asked, curious in spite of himself. As a prominent businessman, superhero and reformed playboy, he got a lot of letters and packages. Sometimes, during those rare spare moments, he even tried to answer some of the ones from the kids. But usually his mail was vetted through the mail room first, and then brought up to his personal assistant’s office so that she could vet them again. Only then were they forwarded to Tony. "I don't know."Tony's frown deepened and he set a purposeful stride down the hall, not stopping until he got to his office door. Sure enough, there was a brown package sitting on top of his desk. It looked innocent enough. But Tony had been down this road before. He knew better than to just blithely open packages. You never knew whether it was going to be a present or a bomb or worse."I've scanned it," FRIDAY volunteered. "There are no signs of any electricity."Well, that eliminated some bombs. Not all of them. Tony eyed the package and, for a moment, considered doing the adult, mature thing of getting the police (not SHIELD, because SHIELD was gone now exactly when they were most needed) on the phone and asking them to come check the package out. The tower would have to be evacuated in the meantime, and it would probably take the bomb squad a while to get here. And if turned out the package was nothing dangerous, he'd have disrupted all those people for no reason. Just the thought of all the media attention that move would garner was enough to make Tony sway with exhaustion. He was sick of handling the media, the government, the United Nations – everyone wanted a piece of Tony Stark. At this point, he might even welcome a bomb.There was only one logical thing to do. He asked FRIDAY to have a suit meet him, set down the stacks of contracts, carefully picked up the package and took the elevator up to what used to be the Hulk’s containment room. Tony hadn’t wanted to build it in the first place, but Bruce had insisted. It had never been used, and now it never would. He tried to quell the rush of bitter disappointment, like a bad taste in the back of his mouth.He stepped into the suit that FRIDAY had brought up from the workshop. There. That was safe enough. He easily broke the twine that was holding the package together and ripped the brown paper off. The plain box underneath wasn’t much of a help in identifying who might’ve sent it. Tony frowned and, after making sure the armour’s filtration systems were working correctly, lifted the lid of the box.Inside, nestled on a bundle of duck-printed tissue paper, was a blue pacifier.Tony paled at the sight of it. There was no doubt in his mind now who the sender was, because there was only one person who would be sending something like this – one person who would know the meaning behind it. Then, just as quickly, his face burned hot and he knew he was blushing as red as the armor. What if someone else had opened this package? What if they’d seen what was inside? Oh god, what if he’d called the bomb squad and everyone saw? There was no good reason for Tony Stark to be getting an adult-sized pacifier in the mail.“God damnit,” he whispered, letting the armor release. He stepped out, still holding the box, still blushing. What he should do was flush this down the toilet. Or burn it. Burning was a good idea. It would eliminate the evidence.His hands were shaking. Tony swallowed hard and picked the pacifier up, turning it over. The ring and bib were both blue, but upon closer inspection the bib had a tiny picture of Princess Jasmine on it. He nudged the nipple; judging from the feel of it, it was made from high-grade silicone. Of course it was. He could vividly remember the hours of research that gone into every aspect of this.And the worst thing of all was that, just 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
set post avengers: age of ultron
ignores civil war entirely
non sexual age play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
forced non sexual age play
Baby Tony
Daddy Steve
bottles
Diapers
Feeding
Cuddling
Bathing
Diaper Rash
tony stark in diapers
Evil Steve
Evil Steve Rogers
evil Natasha Romanov
Evil Clint Barton
Evil Bruce Banner
clint's family does not exist in this timeline
we'll pretend he took the team to an empty farm in AOU
double agent bucky barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Crying
Nightmares
Wetting the bed
steve doesn't take no for an answer
Dubious Consent
Stockholm Syndrome
Kidnapping
Toying with emotions
Pacifiers
naps
Mitts
crawling
Platonic Cuddling
Kissing
tony and steve are a couple as well
but there is no sex in the story
tony and steve on opposite side
tony stark has the world on his shoulders
how long can one man stand against the world
Stubborn Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
psychology warfare
poor tony doesn't stand a chance
steve knows what he really wants
and he'll resort to dirty methods to make tony want it
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Insecure Tony Stark
Self-Esteem Issues
tony beats himself up pretty hard at some points
until steve takes the choice out of his hands

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

