Work Text:
The question didn’t occur to him until now, surprisingly so. One would think when his head slammed against the pavement, or when his eyes shut for a couple minutes without him noticing, or when all the people around him were reduced to mere blurs of color, he’d finally come to terms and ask himself: when’s the last time I slept?From one of Loki’s blows, Peter found himself sprawled out on the shore of Manhattan. “Midgardian,” Loki drawls, landing before him. “It would be smart to stay.”Peter pushed himself up out of the sand, gagging. “No, no,” he sputtered, sand dribbling out of his mouth. He picks up the bottom of his mask and lets it fall through. Horrified, he seethed, “How’d that even get in there?”Loki scoffed and crossed his arms. “What is wrong with you?”“I’m not the one with a bloody nose,” Peter observed.“I don’t have a bloody nose.”“Oh,” Peter mumbled. “Did I not punch you? Was that in my head?” He lowered himself into a fighting stance.“Oh, please,” Loki snorted elegantly. “I won’t waste my time with you.”Peter’s chest tightened. He took off in a sprint towards the god, but Loki blasted him into the water. The water pushed him down, and he found it hard to breach the surface. By the time he was swimming back, Loki was gone.Peter brushed the sand off of his costume and shot a web to the nearby building. On the rooftop, he surveyed the city in chance to find Loki.His feet were stumbling over each other. Minutes passed. Hours passed. There was no sign of Loki.Defeated, he shrunk down with his feet dangling over the ledge. His stomach growled at him, and he grimaced. “Loki!” he shouted. “Come fight me, dude.” His voice gradually got quieter, and he had to shake his head frantically to wake himself up.So, when was the last time he slept?Monday he got home late from a very, very intense battle with Dr. Doom. That one had left Peter’s costume in shreds. By the time he got home, JARVIS was waking him up for school. Tuesday, he had a date, and the rest of his night was spent fixing his costume. He could’ve asked Tony, but he was busy, and Peter didn’t want to bother him. And on Wednesday there was that test and his never ending pile of homework. Thursday was a meeting with the Big League Heroes, where Peter would’ve felt very out of place if it wasn’t for the Avengers.The only sleep he’s gotten in days is the few moments in class where his eyes snap shut.Today was Friday. The Sun had already set, and his watch told him it was 3:00. It’s only a lie since he’d told Steve he was at a friend’s house and that his patrol was over at 9:00. Hah, that’s the funny part: Steve should’ve known that A) Peter has no friends, and B) New York City crimes always happen late in the night. Do criminals ever sleep?There’s an alarm, and Peter is tore out of his thoughts. He falls forward, tumbling off of the edge of the building. His hands brush against the surface, his legs twirling in the air, and he brings himself to the window. A shaky exhale escapes his lips as he scales the building.Close one, Parker, he thinks to himself.He drops to the ground where the alarm is blasting. A police car was flipped over on its back. Loki stood feet away. “There you are, punk!” Peter called, waving his hand.Loki grimaced, “Such a pest.” Loki raised his scepter.

Peter held up his hands. He charged forward and grabbed ahold of Loki, kicking the scepter out of his hands. He threw an arm around his neck and brought him down into the ground. “You fool!”Peter put a finger to his lips. “Shh, let’s take a short nap,” he mumbled, keeping him pinned. “I’m really tired, dude.”“Get off of me!” Loki roared, blasting him. Peter twirled in the air but brought up his fist to webshoot to a nearby building. He landed splat against a solid.“Whoa, there,” a voice said, and Peter sticks his feet to his chest. He continues to aim at the building.He saluted with his off hand and flew back to the fight scene; the Falcon, his kickboard, followed him back.“Mr. Stark, to your left!” Spider-Man called, charging in at bullet speed. Iron Man brought his repulsor up to block off a blast from Loki.Iron Man nodded. “You’re outnumbered, Loki,” he said, stepping closer.Loki grinned. He stood up. “That’s where--” A sudden strike of lightning left Loki reeling.Thor’s hammer crashed into the ground directly in front of him. “Brother, please, I am sick of your tricks,” he growled, holding his hand out. The wrinkles in his face faded. “Let’s go home.”Loki stepped back. “I have no home.” He vanished in a cloud of green.Thor grimaced and took off. Hawkeye dropped down from the roof, bringing his comm up close.Peter jumped forward. He was aiming his webbing at the top of a building when Captain America gripped his arm. “Webs, you good?” Tony asked, flipping up his faceplate.“I have to go after them!” he insisted, cringing at his shrill voice. He didn’t mean for it to come out as a whine. “Mr. Stark, I gotta!” His eyelids flickered heavily. He swayed.“Son, this isn’t ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Black Widow

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
Angst
Tired Peter Parker
Sleepy Peter Parker
Cuddling
Sick Fic
actual dad tony stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Black Widow

