Chapter 1: First Meeting
    




Chapter Text
He’s glaring at her again. Jane maintains that Darcy is imagining things, but every time she sneaks a peek at the guest seated on her left, his eyes meet hers directly, unflinching. She freezes as he openly trails his eyes over her. She can feel the blood rushing to her already pink cheeks, and she wishes, not for the first time this night, that she could be back into New Mexico, and not on another planet in the company of ridiculously attractive aliens – one alien in particular, whose gaze is still trained on her. Embarrassed, she finally gives up on the staring contest, and looks down at her hands, fingers awkwardly tangled in her lap. She has to stifle a gasp as the previously blue fabric of her dress fades to a deep emerald green. Darcy’s eyes jump back to him, and he cocks an eyebrow expectantly. Your move, the gesture seems to say.“Darce,” Jane whispers, elbowing Darcy’s side. “You’re spacing out.”Spacing out? Good one, Jane. Oh, shit. Right. Frigga is talking to me. God – can I still say that? Focus, Darce – it’s my first dinner in Asgard and I’m already messing up. Let’s forget about Mr. Tall, Dark and Scary. Look cool, Lewis, look cool. Darcy turns to face the head of the table, and focuses her attention on Frigga. After stumbling her way through a passable response about how she finds Asgard, she subtly mouths a ‘thank you’ to Jane, and determines that from this point on, she will keep her eyes glued to her plate, and not speak unless spoken to.And there will be absolutely no staring at any Asgardians, regardless of how green their eyes are, or how cut their cheekbones look. No. Staring. Whatsoever.Resolutely eating a pile of what look like peas one by one, Darcy practically jumps in her seat when she hears a low voice in her ear.“Miss Lewis.” When she turns to her left, she sees that he is intently focused on his goblet of mead. She could have sworn that he was whispering to her… “Oh, come now, Miss Lewis, do be a little creative.” This time she is certain that it was him, but his lips haven’t moved an inch. Is he… in my head? “So, not quite so daft… for a Midgardian.”
Dude, get out! This is my mind! Go… find your own or something.
“But this is so fun.” Darcy’s given up at this point.Fine. So, how does this work - can you hear everything I’m thinking? she asks. His attention is now fully on her, and Darcy tries to focus on the tapestry to the right of his head. No checking out the hot stranger, Darce. She hears his low laugh. Aw, shit. Well, clearly you can. She is surprised by how carefree his laugh sounds; he had spent the whole night looking sullen and withdrawn, not talking to anyone unless spoken to. No one else seems to have made much of an effort to talk to him either, asides from Thor and Frigga, but he has been ignoring both of them.Jane laughs musically at something that Thor has whispered in her ear and Frigga smiles warmly. Darcy swallows a lump in her throat, wishing that she could fit in as effortlessly as Jane. She feels completely out of place in her Asgardian dress, sitting in a dining hall drinking from goblets made from solid gold, and eating with shining silverware. Thor had invited her along as Jane’s ‘handmaiden,’ but the title is honorary more than anything else. She has even less experience with this world’s clothing than Jane, so she can hardly help her with putting on or removing her robes – Not that Jane would need any help with the latter… she has Thor for that (this garners another laugh from her companion, and Darcy wishes she had a better filter; she’s bad enough when it comes to what she says out loud, but here, she has absolutely no control over what he can or cannot hear). Most of the time she feels like an officially issued third wheel.Director Fury had said that they needed two envoys to send to Asgard, and that was it. Goodbye, Puente Antiguo, hello, Asgard. Fury was pretty close-lipped about why, exactly, but then again, Darcy’s basically at Level 1 clearance, so she’s lucky if she hears about anything before it’s finally given the go-ahead and shown on the news. Sometimes, when she’s lucky, Tasha takes pity on her and ‘accidentally’ lets slip a few details. Darcy still isn’t sure whether she was chosen to accompany Jane out of desperation or pity on Fury’s part. Maybe a combination of both.“Why would they send two of you? One Midgardian is enough. To send two is just… pointless.”
Alright, first of all, that’s just rude, and secondly, the fact that you were listening in on all of that is freaking me out. Just a little.
“Well, if you would prefer, we could do this in the open,” he murmurs, this time out loud. With his weird almost-British accent and his low voice, he manages to make the sentence sound much dirtier than it is, and the slight twinkle in his eye would suggest that he is not entirely unaware of that. Darcy clears her throat, and tries to ignore the way his steady gaze is making her feel all hot and bot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Arranged Marriage
Romance
Minor Angst
Mostly Fluff

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Jane Foster/Thor

