Chapter 1: AIM aka Assholes In Motion
    




Chapter Text
It was another day and the Avengers had just fought another battle. This time, it was with a few scientists from the Advanced Idea Mechanics, or Assholes in Motion, as Tony had so fondly put it.Speaking of which, the genius was really tired. He had been up all night upgrading his own suit, and also tweaking a few things on Black Widow’s bites. He only managed to fall asleep at 4am, and was woken up by the love of his life, Steve Rogers, at 7am.Compulsory training exercise was the reason he gave as he placed a soft kiss on Tony’s cheek. Tony had mumbled some gibberish sentences, but woke up because sleep was just gone anyway. He took a quick shower, to wash away the grease and dried sweat that had accumulated on his skin.He dragged himself to the gym, and nearly fell asleep during the training. At one point, he left Friday on auto-pilot for his suit and closed his eyes. Clint’s arrow had hit the suit and it came crashing down, waking Tony up from his two-minute slumber.And then, the Avengers Assemble alarm rang. At freaking 9am!!Fury quickly gave them an overview of the situation, and Tony simply rolled his eyes. Apparently, A.I.M had developed some secret weapon and were testing it out in the streets of New York, which also happened to be a few blocks away from Avengers Tower. It’s as if they had no test facilities at their stupid secret lair. It was a device that shot out pinkish-purple beams and the organization claimed that it was supposed to de-age people and living things.But Earth’s Mightiest Heroes stepped in on time and managed to stop them from firing it at the civilians. The device didn’t have much of an effect on buildings, but it had hit a tree and the tree disappeared.After an hour of playing hide-and-seek, literally, AIM gave up. Some scientists surrendered while others were forcefully taken into custody. S.H.I.E.L.D stepped in and took control of the investigation. They had obtained the weapon, and were gathering all the scientists around their security vans.Or so they thought.The Avengers finally wrapped up. They were ready to go back to the Tower, to have lunch, watch Friends or to do anything better than fighting AIM.Iron Man was doing one last reconnaissance in the air, ensuring no clowns dressed in an ugly yellow suit was prancing around the street. Once done, he landed beside Steve, who was checking on Clint’s elbow. Natasha was also checking on Clint, making sure he was fine.“It’s just a scratch, Cap,” Clint said. He was covered in sweat. And had apparently fallen off the building when an AIM scientist tried to be a spy and sneaked up on him. But Clint already knew about his presence, and kicked the AIM scientist. But he lost his balance. Thor had caught his comrade on time but his elbow came into contact with the brick building.“I want the medics at the Tower to check this out,” Steve said firmly. He then turned his attention to Tony. “How we doing?”Tony opened his suit and stepped out of it. His head had a little scratch, and it was coated with blood. Of course, there was a little pain. But it’s not to such a great degree. “I’m fine. You’re okay right?” Tony asked. All of them began walking to where Fury was standing, near a S.H.I.E.L.D van, which was a few meters away from them.Steve shrugged. “I’m okay. Just worried about Clint.”“Come on Steve!” Tony placed a hand on his shoulder. “Clint’s tough! He’ll recover.”“Thanks Tony,” Clint smiled.Bruce had just walked over to Nick Fury. This mission didn’t need the Hulk; Bruce was required to examine the device and write a full analysis report on his findings. Hence jolly green didn’t come out for battle today.Clint and Tony were already arguing about what to have for lunch. Steve shook his head, smiling lightly at their little banter.“We need to get Chinese!” Clint declared, leaning against Bruce. The rest of them stopped walking, and stood around. “It’s been too long, okay! And Tony, you had fish and chips only yesterday!”“Half of fish and chips,” Natasha added while examining a tear on her suit.“But it was still food!” Tony shrugged.“That’s not even half. More of like, one-quarter,” Steve pursed his lips and turned to glare fondly at Tony.“Hey, I wasn’t that hungry,” Tony raised his hands, as if he were surrendering.“Of course,” Bruce piped in. “Coffee makes you full.”“Coffee runs my soul!” Tony made his point dramatically, raising his arms.“Ha! So your soul is brown!” Thor laughed.“At least I add milk at times. Clint drinks it without a thing!” Tony pointed at Clint.Clint, who heard his name suddenly being said, quickly turned his attention to them. He was examining his injury. “But black coffee wakes you the fuck up!” Clint argued back, with a soft voice.Steve got triggered by the bad word. He turned to Clint and opened his mouth but Tony cut in.“Watch thy language, Clint!” Tony snorted. Thor was grinning at this. “But your arm, we’re gonna get it checked thoroughly, okay?”Cli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Protective Avengers
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Fluff
Angst
Tony Stark Can Wield Mjolnir
He is really worthy
The Avengers love him
and he loves them back
Daddy Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Little Tony is really cute
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
AIM - Freeform
Mjolnir - Freeform
Tony-centric
damage control
Tony Feels
A bit of time traveling

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

