Work Text:
“And this can be your lab, if you want. I know how much you love science, and Bruce and I were even thinking we could- “Peter never would have heard it if he didn’t have enhanced hearing; and Tony didn’t notice it at all, but his words were immediately tuned out as Peters skin crawled. Something wasn’t right; he could feel it in his gut, but he couldn’t pinpoint what it was until he realized what he was hearing. Ticking. And it was coming from behind the wall, right behind the light switch that Tony was reaching for. Peter should have been faster, he should have stopped him in time, but Tony managed to flip the switch before Peter could grab his hand. Peter could hear the bomb activate. He didn’t have time to think, he barely had enough time to move at all, but he managed to shove Tony backwards, and use his own body to shield him from the blast as, what once was the pristine lab, exploded. …In an instant Tony’s world became nothing but heat, and light, and sound. His ears rang from the blast, and it took him a moment to realize he was on the ground, momentarily blind from the fire raging around them. His instincts kicked in after a second, and he realized there was a limp teenager sprawled across his chest. “Peter!” His voice was raw from the smoke and heat, and he coughed as he tried to sit up. A hand stopped him, as a hurried, concerned voice, met his muffled ears. “Don’t move! I’ve got medics coming, and a bomb squad, just don’t move.”Tony blinked up at the figure leaning over him, squinting as he tried to work out who it was. Happy. The man knelt beside the two and gently placed two fingers at Peters throat. Tony watched his face and didn’t like what he saw. “Is he okay?”Happy paused, expression pale and worried, as his gaze roamed over Peter’s back. “He’s alive Tony, but…just don’t move. The medics will be here soon. Are you hurt anywhere?”Tony went to brush his concern away but reconsidered and decided to actually check. He could move everything, and he didn’t feel as if he were in any pain, apart from the small bump on the head he’d gotten when Peter had pushed him down. Happy watched Tony, waiting for his answer, as he grabbed a fire extinguisher and put out the small fires that flickered in the wreck of the ruined lab. Tony shook his head, and placed a hand behind Peter’s head, brushing at the teenager’s hair in an offer of comfort. It was a small gesture, but it was all he could do. “I’m okay, Peter pushed me out of the way. He saved me. What’s wrong with him?”Happy visibly relaxed at Tony’s answer, shoulders sagging as a sigh fell from his mouth. He placed the extinguisher down, and rubbed a hand over his forehead, eyes not meeting Tony’s as the medics finally arrived. “…he’ll be okay.” That wasn’t an answer. Tony’s heart raced as he tried to piece together what was wrong with his kid, from the expressions of everyone around him. A stretcher was pulled out, and someone mentioned possible spinal injuries. It was agony, knowing something was wrong, but not knowing what it was or how bad it could be. He just needed answers. Happy stood back, to allow the medics through, and his face was pinched in concern. He couldn’t think of what could possibly be wrong, something that would make the medics reluctant to move Peter off him, until he felt something. It dripped. Tony could hear the patters on the floor, and feel the warm wetness seep into his own shirt. Too much of it. His hands grew damp with it and his heart raced as he carefully lifted one for him to see. Happy tried to stop him, but it was too late. “Oh god, Peter.” Blood was streaked across his palm, dripping off his fingers and staining the lines in his skin. There was too much. Tony’s chest tightened, as if someone had placed a band across it began squeezing. Happy’s voice met his ears, but it was warped and distant. He was finding it harder to breathe, and then he stopped altogether, when the limp form on top of him moved. It was a tiny shift, but it was followed by a pained whimper, and Tony sucked in a breath as he brought his hand back up to the back of Peter’s head, weaving his fingers in his hair. “It’s okay, kid. Stay still, you’ll be all right.”The teenager squirmed minutely, and let out a weak cry, his hands finding Tony beneath him, and gripping handfuls of his shirt. “…Tony? Ugh, it…it hurts.”The teenager was barely conscious, eyes blinking open to reveal his glassy gaze. He was clearly confused; and all he wanted was Tony.The medics began frantically trying to get both heroes to stay still, as Peter became more, and more desperate to move. The teenager let go of Tony, to put his shaky hands on the floor, and push himself up, but he immediately screamed in pain. He fell back onto Tony’s chest, tucking his face into his mentor’s shoulder. “Ughnn…What is that? Why does it hurt so much?” His tone was becoming more panicked, his words wet and slightly strangled as he started to cry. Happy came over and knelt down, taking one 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Happy Hogan

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Blood
Prompt Fill
Hurt Peter
Worried Tony
Protective Tony
worried happy
Family
Angst
Explosion
Medical Procedures
Sedation

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Happy Hogan

