Work Text:
 
The team stood in the wreckage of an abandoned Soviet factory.

A man with one eye and a twisted lip was smiling from the balcony.

He’d called them here. He’d told them he had a bomb, that he demands an audience with Earth’s Mightiest Heroes.

I mean, it probably could have gone worse? The Ten Rings, strictly speaking, was SHIELD business. That meant that that, yes, technically, the Avengers were required to put down any resistance when, no matter how ridiculously paltry, it occurred.

But this. This was just fucking incompetence. It’s actually getting a little bit embarrassing. For the past six months, Tony had been tracking his man, the stereotyped Russian dick-head from all over the globe, in a desperate attempt to stop him from spreading his fucking general awfulness any further.

It had left Tony irritable, tense, and eager for the asshole with the joker smile to get on with it. But no, please, continue to monologue about you ever-lasting importance to mankind, how they will rise again, how balance will be restored and the weak will perish, it’s fascinating if not incredibly telling about this man’s mental state. Tony doesn’t even know his name. He couldn’t help himself, beginning to switch off, this man’s voice… it was sending him to sleep.

In fact, he probably never would have even bothered to listen to what came next if he hadn’t jumped, fucking jumped, of the balcony he was standing on and landed about seven feet from where Tony stood, suited and armed. 

Natasha’s gun cocked, Clint’s bow was raised, Bruce stood, quiet and seething and Thor raised mjolnir, ready.

Tony, in turn, held his palms out, careful, controlled. 

Slowly, the man stalked towards him.

He heard before he saw the repulsers readying to fire.

The man hold up both hands, pacifying, takes a step back.

“I only wish to look in greater detail at your suit, Stark. No need to resort to violence,” and then he cocks his head, grins “I mean, for a sub, you’re pretty trigger-happy.”

Tony blows the ground next to his foot.

“Tony,” It’s Steve, his voice warning “careful.”

He slides up the faceplate, looks from the Steve to this man.

“What’s it to you?” He can’t stand for that, he can’t, I mean, it’s just unnecessary, why does his orientation matter? What’s this guy trying to imply? He’s practically a neo-Nazi traditional, who wouldn’t look out of place in the bible belt, so he’s probably all for subs being on their knees, licking a dom’s boots, but it’s 2013 and nobody thinks like that anymore, he has no reason to feel inadequate here. Or for the back of his neck to start prickling.

He stares him down, not once breaking eye contact.

“I called you here,” he moves, not looking away from Tony, still trying to stare him down, and the prickling and, oh god, the urge to fall to his knees, intensifies “because I said I had a weapon of mass destruction. Admittedly, I lied. Captain, you underestimate us. Your scavenging attempts to find us have failed. We are stronger than ever.”

Then he grins.

“Take off your helmet Tony.”

His hands move of no volition of there own as they unlatch the hatches that keep it in place. He stands, uneasy and unsure.

Steve hisses a Tony and the man just says “Put your helmet on the floor next to you.”

The instruction is so neat, so precise, it just begs to be followed, really. And why shouldn’t he, why not — no, no this shouldn’t be happening, why, the prickling intensifies and he takes a step back.

“Tony,” the man says, his voice hard “obey me.” 

And Tony gently places the helmet down on the ground, his head slipping like it hasn’t in years.

“What are you doing to him,” Natasha’s voice is cool, calm, she’s trying to diffuse the situation before it goes to far, she has one hand across Steve, stopping him from taking a step further.

“Weapon of mass destruction. There are easier ways to control a population. Subs are… malleable, despite their best efforts. Doms are controllable, if you find a suitable pressure point. And this, well, it’s been a long time coming, recently. It’s all about the right frequency,” he draws a slender device from his pocket “right now, this is on a 2 out of a possible 10. You can’t hear anything, but I’m afraid it’s making Tony go a little weak at the knees, isn’t that right boy?”

Tony doesn’t know what’s expected of him so he looks around warily.

“Hmm. Yes, well, like I said, it’s only a 2 out of 10. There’s still a lot of room for negative feedback,” he turns again, looks at each of them in the eye “but if we cranked it up to, let’s say five,” 

Tony gasps, his body relaxing within the suit.

“Stop that,” Steve is tense, he’s raising his shield, this man is going to die—

“Steve, no, we need him.” He thinks that’s Bruce. Or maybe Clint. He can’t be sure over the rushing of blood in his ears.

“Kneel, boy.”

And Tony sinks down, so simple, so willing, his mouth parted slightly and his eyes wide, innocent.

Steve has never seen Tony kneel for anyone. Ever. There’s a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Past Abuse
dub-con
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Past Rape/Non-con
Cuddling & Snuggling
Alternate Universe - BDSM
Touch-Starved
Dom/sub
Sub Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
The Ten Rings - Freeform
Emotional Manipulation
Tony Angst
Tony Has Issues
Hurt Tony

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane/Tony Stark

