Chapter 1: A Call on Line Eight
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text




  "Sir, another call on line eight," JARVIS announced.Tony didn't bother to look up from his soldering. "Patch 'em through. On loudspeaker."A soft beep told Tony that JARVIS had done as asked and he straightened slightly in his chair."Welcome to Stark Industries tech support, my name is Anthony," Tony said, the speech well-rehearsed after accepting calls for over three weeks. "How may I help you?"The idea of personally answering some of the tech support calls was, if he dared say so himself, a stroke of genius. Even with randomly selected callers he had gained more feedback in the past three weeks than he'd usually get in three months from his R&D department. Unsurprisingly, the people who actually used his products were more keen to point out their flaws than those relying on him for their paychecks. The average person also had a tendency to find the bugs the programmers couldn't."Yeah, hi," said a slightly gruff but undeniably lovely voice on the other end. "I'm having problems with my phone.""Well, calling seems to be working just fine," Tony replied automatically.There was an awkward silence and Tony mourned the wasted joke. The guy clearly had no sense of humor."What's the problem with your phone, sir?" Tony asked politely."I can't connect to the internet," the man replied, grumpily enough that Tony wondered if the phone had also personally offended him somehow.Tony decided to put the soldering iron away for everyone's safety. He had a feeling this would be one of those calls — the ones that made him wonder why on Earth the person had even bothered to buy his phone in the first place. Not that he begrudged anyone the privilege of owning one of his amazing phones — he tried to make them as user friendly as possible, even for beginners — but he had learned that it was quite exhausting to try and personally teach people how to use them.It wasn't that the callers were stupid, just that the gap in knowledge was difficult to bridge. Things Tony thought were obvious and self-explanatory could be completely new to the eighty-year-old who had gotten a Stark Phone from her grandchild. In all honesty, Tony had started wondering if he was the problem, for not being able to put himself in their shoes and make his phones useable by everyone.'Simple' had never been one of his mottos, but maybe he should give it a try.Tony tilted his head to the side. "You mean WiFi?""Yeah, that.""Do you have a hotspot nearby?" Tony asked. "And you've connected to it?""It says I have, but nothing's happenin'." The man's voice sounded fairly young, but his current problem made Tony suspect he might be an older gentleman. A hint of a Brooklyn accent could be heard when he spoke, but it was subtle — as if the man was trying to suppress it."Is it a public WiFi or does it have a password?"There was a brief silence on the other end, presumably because the man was checking what type of WiFi he was trying to connect to. "There's no lock next to it, so it's public, right?"Tony rubbed a hand over his mouth, but something about the hesitant tone made him smile rather than roll his eyes. "Usually, yes, but you might still have to open your browser and type in a password they give you — sometimes they just want to confirm that you're not a robot."Another silence, this one longer and more awkward. When the next question eventually came, it was clear that the man assumed he would sound stupid for not knowing the answer. "What's a browser?"A part of Tony wanted to bemoan the uneducated masses but, at the same time, he could understand the confusion. If the man was new to how modern technology worked, he might never have had the term explained to him — most people simply assumed everyone already knew the word and tossed it around in conversation without thinking twice.Another one of Tony's callers — an older lady from the week before — had seemed to think that all browsers were simply called 'the Internet.' He'd had to ask her to describe what the little icon looked like to figure out which one she was using, since she hadn't registered the name."A program or app you use for surfing the web," Tony replied patiently. He got up from his chair and straightened his spine, holding back a satisfied groan when he felt it pop."Okay," the man replied. "Hang on." There were muffled noises on the other end — of the kind that signaled the person holding the phone had taken it away from their ear.Tony wondered if the man had ever heard of speaker phone — or a headset, for that matter.Probably not.Tony walked a slow lap around his workbench while he waited, stretching his legs. DUM-E let out an inquisitive chirp when Tony passed and he absently patted the bot's arm.There was more rustling of clothing and a strange click, like metal against glass, before the man returned. "Yeah, there was some kinda login site." The man sounded less gruff 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Recovery
PTSD
Panic Attacks
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Burn
Fluff
Angst
Communication
Set before Age of Ultron
This was supposed to be a cute fic about tech support calls
It became a lot more than that
It's an emotional rollercoaster
but it has a happy ending
There will be a lot about Howard and Maria's deaths
And you all know what that means
Angst galore
And I almost forgot:
Identity Porn
ImagineTonyandBucky Prompt Fill

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

