Chapter 1



Summary:

Darcy/TonyDarcy/ClintDarcy/SteveDarcy/Thor





Chapter Text
 
Tony
 He liked her legs. It took Darcy a while to figure it out. She thought he’d be more about the tits - as so many guys were. But no, he liked her legs. Liked her skinny jeans, and her leggings, and her occasional penchant for tube-socks and booty-shorts (he liked the last one best). “That’s hardly lab-appropriate attire Lewis.” He gestured to her lap with his screwdriver, catching the flat-head on the edge of her shorts. Tony was all about pajama days. Insisted on them even. Unlike Jane who had insisted Darcy where pants  all the time.  She grinned like a shark, and crossed her legs at the knees where she was perched on Tony’s desk.  It made her shorts ride up, exposing another few inches of pale flesh. She wasn’t toned, never felt particularly attractive this close to naked, but Tony seemed to like it. Darcy couldn’t help but find confidence in that. Tony Stark liked the way she looked, chubby thighs included. “I could take it off?” So yeah, maybe she encouraged it. So she liked the attention of billionaire philanthropist playboys.  What the fuck ever.  Who wouldn't? They’d played like this before, wicked banter, and comments that flirted the line between come-ons and sexual harassment. Tony paused for half a moment, mouth pulling into a grin as he gestured to Butterfingers at the end of the table. “In front of the children Darcy? Scandalous.” “Really?” Darcy poked him in the hip with her foot, before dragging her toes down his thigh. “You’re telling me you’ve never fucked the lab?” He looked up at her, blinking. “Were we talking about fucking in the lab? I thought we were talking about your terrible choice in sleep attire. They have Batman logos, Darcy. Batman. You live with  actual  superheros.” “If you hate them that much, take them off yourself.” She leaned back on the table, propped on her hands. “We could be, you know.” He reached out, fingers brushing over the short sleeve of her t-shirt. That was new. They didn’t normally touch. Not with hands, anyway. Never so overtly. “Mmhm. Could be what?” It’s a now-or-never kind of moment, but given the build up, the UST if you will, Darcy isn’t all that nervous. “We could be fucking in the lab.” Tony pauses, fingertips light against the skin of her arm. “Is that on the table?” Boldly, Darcy unfolds her legs, and lets them fall open slightly. “In the literal sense.”He moves between them smoothly, and lets his hands fall to her bare thighs. His palms are hot, burning against her skin, and Darcy feels her heart speed up. “I’m pretty sure there’s something about this in the company handbook. Fraternizing, or interpersonal relationships, or something. I don’t know; I didn’t read it. Did you read it?” “No, and if we didn’t read it, it doesn’t exist,” Darcy suggests, hooking her legs around his, to pull him closer. He pushes against her hands when she threads them into his hair, nails scratching at the nape of his neck. It makes his lashes flutter. “What about ah...our working relationship? I’d hate for this to affect our...fuck. Our productivity.” “It sounds like you’re trying to tell me no,” she points out, as she dips her finger tips into the waist of his jeans. They are  so going to fuck on this lab table. “If you’re really worried, we can clock out. It’s not like you use your lunch break for eating.” “That depends on the menu,” Tony says suddenly, dipping down to nip at her neck. “There are just some spreads I can’t resist.” She laughs when he sends You for condoms. “What? We can’t sent Butterfingers for obvious reasons, and Dum-E has pinchers for fingers.” His fingers slip inside her, curling just so, and Darcy gasps. “God, you make me feel terrible.” His words don’t stop him from fucking into her with another fingers. “Like a dirty old man. You’re trouble.” Darcy is good at reading people, always has been. Tony  likes trouble. Likes doing things he knows he shouldn’t. Likes doing them best when he knows he’ll get caught. Fucking your jail-bait assistant on a lab table is right up his alley. He likes trouble, and he likes naughtybadwrong. So when she pushes down his jeans, and says, “I could call you daddy,” she’s not surprised when Tony blushes, cock twitching against her thigh. It’s easy sailing after that. Tony fucks like a machine which is appropriate, really. He’s methodical and rough, all firm-hands and stubble.  He fucks her like a metronome, smooth, solid, steady thrusts that never ease up.  She feels heat coil and build, and build, and build until it explodes (he’s good at that, explosions, fire, burning, heat), too big to handle, leaving her out-of-control and breathless. 
Clint
 Jesus Christ. Clint Barton. Darcy cannot even. That man is ridiculous. Just...she gets a little silly just thinking about him. It isn’t like Tony who’s smooth words and coy looks emboldened her to play. Clint’s arm muscles make her fucking swoon.  His  ass ain’t that bad either. Darcy ca
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Clint Barton
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Bruce Banner
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Darcy Does Everyone
Individually
No Angst
just fucking
Good ole' fucking
finger banging
Face Sitting
clothes-ripping
Table fucking
Pon Farr
No cheating
Jane's on the up and up here
mentions of titty fucking
banterfuck
voyerism
Exhibitionism
slut shaming kinda
darcy don't care
Rimming
Porn
still no angst
just good ole' fuckin'
Sloppy Seconds
Daddy Kink
But only a little
Car Sex
Masturbation
mild misuse of molijer
Hair Pulling
Rough Sex
Come Kink
Sugar Daddy
Sugar Baby
Open Relationship
it's cool tony's super into it
haha super puns
Ass Play
just a lill
Light BDSM
Trust Kink
Light Bondage
Face-Fucking
Panty Kink
Sex Magic
Double Penetration
magic sex
Size Kink
misuse of magic
Public Sex

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis/Clint Barton
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Bruce Banner
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Stephen Strange

