Chapter 1: Hell's Kitchen
    




Chapter Text
Harry took Dumbledore’s arm, and in a flash of contorting limbs and frenetic sounds and colors, they had left Privet Drive and appeared on another street corner.This street looked nothing like the Dursleys’ pristine, conservative neighborhood. From the look of it, Harry would guess this was an exclusively wizarding neighborhood, judging by the off-kilter angles of the houses, the flocks of owls, the local apothecaries and robe shops, and the roads that resembled and rippled just like murky green lake water.Harry followed the Hogwarts Headmaster as he started off up the street, glancing at him with a questioning eye. Dumbledore smiled wryly.“Welcome to Wandsworth Green, Harry,” he said serenely. “This entire community sits on top of a small lake in the Muggle neighborhood of Wandsworth Common and is hidden by very powerful Concealment spells. Normally one can only enter it by stepping onto a certain pattern of planks on the bridge that goes over part of the lake…but I thought that Apparition would be more efficient, given the circumstances…”Harry frowned. “Circumstances, sir?”Dumbledore led him past the apothecary and toward the end of the street.“We are here to try to recruit our newest professor. I anticipate, however, that he might be a bit reluctant…ah, here we are.”They had approached a restaurant. At first Harry was alarmed at the sight of it, for it looked like it was on fire, but after a second he realized there was no danger – the ceiling was simply decorated with constantly raging, but perfectly contained magical flames, as well as a header in red neon lights.

HELL’S KITCHEN
“Gordon always did have an inherent flair for the dramatic,” Dumbledore commented serenely upon noticing Harry’s quirked eyebrow.The two pushed open the door, to find an empty dining room. Harry could see on the door that dinner hours had ended not too long ago.Just inside was a young man a little older than Harry with a large nose busing tables with a magic rag that moved over the wood and back into the man’s hand by itself. He looked up, immediately putting on a “customer service” mask that made it clear he’d said this exact thing a million times.“Excuse me, but the restaurant is clo – ”He stopped abruptly, however, when he recognized the people who had entered the restaurant.“…Pr-Professor Dumbledore!”“Good evening, Beau,” Dumbledore greeted pleasantly. “You’re looking well. I presume Gordon is just helping with kitchen clean-up?”“Ah…yes, Professor,” said Beau anxiously. He shot a glance at Harry – he looked incredibly uncomfortable and he kept licking his lips. “Shall I…go fetch him, for you…?”“If you would,” Dumbledore said indulgently.The man called Beau gave a weak little nod; then, glancing over his shoulder and back at Harry again, he bustled off toward the kitchen.Harry looked at Dumbledore confusedly. He knew the Defense Against the Dark Arts job was always very hard to fill, but from the sound of things, this teacher Dumbledore was seeking out was a cook in some restaurant. It wasn’t like Harry underestimated him because of this, but all of the other professors – excluding particularly bizarre oddities like Umbridge – usually had a background teaching about or fighting against the Dark Arts. Even Lockhart had had a (misleading) reputation of being talented in fighting Dark creatures.A raised voice came from the kitchen, but Harry couldn’t quite make it out. A moment later, a tall man with a square face, blond hair, and very sharp blue eyes came stomping through the door of the kitchen. He wore a white chef’s uniform with the sleeves rolled up and  still had a large kitchen knife in one of his strong fists.“Dumbledore,” the chef said coldly. “So you did choose to show your monkey’s arse of a face here.”“As always, Gordon, your language is delightfully colorful,” Dumbledore replied, clearly not offended at all.“Don’t bullshit me,” the man called Gordon swore angrily. “If you’ve come to try to recruit me, you’ve got another thing coming. I frankly don’t know how you’ve kept the loyalty of half the people who work for you, with your fucked-up attitude toward human life! Now pick up your feet and get out of my restaurant, you blasted numpty – ”He stopped abruptly, however, at the sight of Harry just behind Dumbledore.“Harry…may I introduce Gordon Ramsay,” Dumbledore said calmly. “Gordon, I believe you’re already familiar with Harry Potter?”Harry’s face had been scrunched up in shock and righteous anger, but his temper cooled when Dumbledore spoke. Ramsay’s expression likewise seemed to clear at the sight of Harry – there was something almost guilty in his face.“…Yes,” he said lowly. “How do you do?”He extended a hand to Harry, who took it out of obligation but refused to shake it. Ramsay’s mouthing off to Dumbledore had left a sour taste in his mouth.“Hello,” he said stiffly.Ramsay offered a faintly wry smile. “I must apologize for my language – although I daresay you know 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Cooking
Good Slytherins
Hufflepuff Pride
Gryffindor/Slytherin Inter-House Relationships
Ravenclaw Pride
Wizarding Politics
Allegory
Not What It Looks Like
Feels
Fluff and Humor
LGBTQ Themes
LGBTQ Character of Color
LGBTQ Character
Friendship
Character Development
Book 6: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Book 7: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
Alternate Universe - Harry Potter Setting
Character Death
Original Character Death(s)
Canonical Character Death
Minor Character Death
Dark
Angst
Drama
Bigotry & Prejudice
Death Eaters
Muggle/Wizard Relations
Wizarding Wars
Eventual Happy Ending
Ensemble Cast
Grief/Mourning
Love
First Love
Friendship/Love
Male-Female Friendship
Female Friendship
Male Friendship
Good and Evil
Family
Family Bonding
Family Drama
Growing Up
Redemption

fandom: 
None
