Chapter 1: Party Crasher
    




Chapter Text
Falling. Again. At this point Loki wasn’t even afraid, just exasperated. If he were capable of rolling his eyes while plummeting towards an unknown planet he would be. It wasn’t quite like the thirty minute free fall he’d experienced courtesy of that rat-faced midgardian wizard though. For better or worse, his second fall of the day was different for several reasons. The first being the landing, which happened sooner than he expected and wasn’t so much a landing as it was a collision. He crashed into another speeding object, a sleek ship flying beneath him that interrupted his fall to the ground.Loki fell with enough force to break through the roof of the ship and fall into it, causing a number of things to happen at once. The passengers screamed in surprise, fireworks erupted from the top and rear of the ship, he landed on a box that burst open and projected colorful bits of paper and ribbons in all directions, and what little clothing hadn’t been torn off by the jagged roof of the broken ship caught fire. All the while a dissonant celebratory birthday tune played over the speakers before slowing to a crawl and cutting off. The shocked screams turned to confused murmurs and the last of the fireworks fizzled out, leaving the ship uncomfortably quiet.Before Loki could even begin to catch his breath he realized that everyone who was staring at him with wide-eyed horror was in a state of undress, each of them in several compromising positions. His vision was blurry and he hoped he couldn’t trust his eyes, but then everything came into focus and he was forced to accept the facts. Loki had inadvertently crash landed directly in the center of an orgy. Standing in front of him was a man wearing nothing but an open gold robe, heavy makeup, and a smile. Loki tried to breathe, mind racing while his body throbbed. Normally he’d play it safe until he could assess what the hell was going on, but the absurdity of it all caught him off guard and he spoke.“What. In the f-“ Loki wheezed before he was interrupted.“I. Love. It. Who’s gift is this? Oh look, it’s gorgeous.” The man in gold turned to a Krylorian woman standing beside him and asked, “isn’t that just gorgeous?”The woman unzipped the restrictive mask she wore in order to speak, “She certainly is. A little skinny, but-“Another woman, an A'askavariian, by the looks of her, spoke up from her position between the Krylorian’s thighs, “I don’t think that’s a female. Is it?”Loki was too focused on putting out the fire that was consuming what little dignity he had left to give any response. All that remained of his clothing was hot metal that had fallen to the floor and charred fabric that covered some of his chest and, thankfully, part of his lower half as well.The man spoke again, “How do you expect me to tell? I haven’t asked yet. You, gift.” He addressed Loki, “What gender are you?”Loki gaped. He was winded, his clothes were still smoking, and he was covered in rainbow confetti and streamers. Still, he surveyed the room and began to work out a plan. The man doing all the talking was the center of this hedonistic display, the ship he’d busted a hole in and the birthday party he had managed to both figuratively and literally crash was more than likely his. Whoever he was, he was more interested in Loki’s sudden appearance than the damage to his ship. Between that and the...festivities it was a safe bet to say he was more than just rich, he was obscenely wealthy. Something Loki knew he could work with.“I’m male...but I can change that,” Loki said, eyeing the man before him and biting his lip. Best to appeal to his proclivities, and, judging by the range of individuals currently present, his interests were far from singular. There was a wide variety in the appearance, gender, and species of his guests. And in the acts that they were all in the midst of performing. And in the drinks and mind-altering substances they had been openly enjoying.“Oh, you spoil me! Who do I have to thank? Who’s gift is this?”Loki’s assumptions were proving to be correct. Spacecrafts to spare, shameless indulgence in primal urges, and accustomed to receiving sentient beings as gifts. He should’ve realized it right away, the flamboyant man in the strange makeup wasn’t just absurdly rich, he was in a high position of power. A politician or leader of some kind. The type of person that Loki would benefit from keeping happy. By any means necessary.“Actually I'm not a gift, exactly, but-““Ohh, so that’s why there wasn’t a stripper in the cake! That would’ve been easier to clean up after, but this is much more exciting! I did not see this coming! The flames were an especially nice touch.” He licked his lips, “Alright, baby, show us what you got.” He nodded to the pilot, who had been desperately trying to keep the ship moving safely. She pushed a few buttons on the slightly damaged, but still functional ship. Panels on the floor separated to reveal a pole that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki

freeform: 
apparently i ship this now
my life has changed because of a sakaarian orgy ship
so thats where im at. next are the filthy tags!
handjobs
Oral Sex
Blowjobs
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
gender bending
lady!loki
Pegging
Cunnilingus
Bondage
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Orgies
Multiple Orgasms
Sugar Daddy
loki is spoiled af
Enthusiastic Consent
Fluff
Mid-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Post-Thor Ragnarok (2017)
Hurt/Comfort
Aftercare
BDSM
Deep Throating
raging hedonism
Light daddy kink
Explicit Consent
Public Sex
but they just fuck each other in the middle of all the hedonism
stripper! Loki
Recreational Drug Use

fandom: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki

