Work Text:
The fire crackled in front of them as Steve fondled Tony absently. Tony's penis was heavy in his hand, not fully erect yet, just starting to show an interest in the proceedings. Steve rested his chin against Tony's shoulder as he looked into the fireplace, mind not altogether in the present. There were no bad guys to fight, no trouble brewing as far as he knew. Just a nice, relaxing evening with Tony, in his luxurious personal rooms in Avengers Tower.Tony shifted back against Steve, the first sign that he himself was paying any attention to the proceedings. Steve figured his focus was more on the TV above the fireplace, on but muted, stock prices scrolling along the bottom of the screen as some analyst yammered away. Steve's fingers drifted down to cup at Tony's balls, rolling them, feeling their weight. He was shaved down there, skin baby-soft and absent of any coarse hairs.A soft voice broke through Steve's lazy thoughts. “Are you going to diddle me tonight, Daddy?”Steve's hand didn't stop moving, didn't give any indication that Tony had spoken. But in his head, Steve was switching gears. That's how Tony wanted tonight to go, so that's what Steve was going to give him. It was an easy enough shift to make.Pressing his lips to Tony's shoulder, Steve murmured: “Yeah, daddy's going to diddle you tonight, Tony.”Tony squirmed in his arms a little, bum worrying against Steve's mostly-flaccid penis in nervous anticipation.“Do you want me to diddle you?” Tony asked, voice a nervous whimper.Steve squeezed lightly at Tony's balls. “No, no. You just lie there and watch your TV show. Daddy will do all the work.”“Okay, Daddy,” Tony whispered. He went still against Steve, except for his chest rising and falling with quick little breaths.Steve moved his hand up to Tony's shaft, stroking it lightly as it continued to harden. After a moment Steve stopped, raising his hand up to Tony's mouth. “Lick Daddy's hand for me,” Steve prompted. Tony reached up with both hands, grabbing onto Steve's wrist and palm. He held Steve's hand carefully steady as his tongue darted out to lap at his fingertips.Steve shifted against Tony, own penis starting to stir. He rolled his hips lazily against Tony's ass, knowing Tony would let him do anything to him right now, knowing Tony was completely compliant in whatever Steve wanted to use his body for. His erection grew, dick hardening against the smooth skin of Tony's ass.“There you go. Good boy,” Steve praised Tony. “Get it nice and wet. Get every finger.”Tony lapped at Steve's hand like a puppy, little darting licks that grew bolder by the second. His tongue roamed over every hill and valley of Steve's hand, making sure he got the grooves in between Steve's fingers and the backs of his knuckles.Gently Steve nudged his index finger against Tony's lips. “Can you suck on them, now? Just a little?”Tony nodded eagerly, lips parting to let Steve's finger in. “Be careful,” Steve warned. “They're big.”Tony wriggled happily against Steve as he sucked on his finger, taking the whole thing like a big boy. Steve's mouth fell open as he removed his index finger from Tony's eager mouth and replaced it with his middle finger. “Good boy. You're fitting so much of them in there. That's so good.”Once his hand was sloppy wet, Steve tugged it gently out of Tony's hands and returned it to Tony's erection. It was leaking now, getting itself wet. Steve's hand added to that, making his strokes nice and slick, easing the friction. Tony whimpered happily, squirming against Steve as he resumed his steady strokes.Tony whispered something, something Steve didn't quite catch, even with his super-soldier hearing.“What was that?” Steve asked. “Speak up.”Tony squirmed for a moment, before whispering, only slightly louder: “I like it when you diddle me.”Steve rubbed his erection meaningfully against Tony's ass, pressing it between the cheeks. “I like it, too,” he told Tony.“It makes me feel funny,” Tony confided.“Good funny or bad funny?”A pause while Tony squirmed in Steve's arms. Steve's hand stilled in its movements, wondering if maybe Tony was going to request a stop to what they were doing tonight. But then Tony wriggled some more, hips stuttering forward against Steve's hand impatiently.“Good-funny,” Tony confirmed.Steve smiled against Tony's shoulder and started stroking again. “Well that's okay, then. It's supposed to feel funny. Good funny.”Tony giggled happily when Steve swiped his thumb along Tony's slit, playing with his penis.“I like the good-funny things you do to me,” Tony chattered on. Steve hid a smile against Tony's skin. He never could shut up, even when he was like this. “I like when you diddle me, and...”Tony squirmed as his voice trailed off, an embarrassed squirm. Steve dropped fluttering kisses to Tony's shoulder. “Like what?” he prompted. “You can tell Daddy. I won't be mad.”“Like...” Tony squirmed and squirmed, until finally he rolled over. Steve opened his arms to him, wrapping Tony up tigh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Bottom Tony
Rimming
Daddy Steve
little Tony
Hand Jobs
Facials
Lap Sex
Masturbation
Dirty Talk
Roleplay
Floor Sex
Fireplaces
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Come Shot
Come Swallowing
Spooning
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Superhusbands
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Age Play
Ageplay

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

