Work Text:
“Look, she meant well,” Steve said later, when the black cloud around Bucky’s head still hadn’t lifted. Bucky was deep in the Studebaker’s engine, wrench in hand and muttering to himself about goddamned 21st century gasoline; he’d been experiencing boiloffs and so was trying to raise the carburetor with insulating gaskets. “Personally, I think it was nice of them to ask you.”Bucky didn’t respond; he was grimacing, trying to loosen a nut without stripping it.Steve thought for a moment and then tried again. “Bernie’s just looking out for you,” he said, and then added, "for us: both of us. She’s been making our life here possible: keeping the press off our tail, threatening anyone who might talk. I mean, she's been practically a gangster."Bucky grunted the truth of this, or maybe just grunted with effort. Something clanged, and he muttered, "Shit," and yanked his hand back to suck briefly at the edge of his dirty thumb."And I can see why she'd want you to do it. I’ve learned—I learned back in the forties, Buck—to throw the press a bone now and then so they'll leave you alone. Give them a nice, dull story: just so they know where to slot you. Those guys need copy to keep the presses rolling, or the internet or whatever it is now. They don't even care what it says. I was guest of honor at a paper drive in Ypsilanti; I gave the prize for Best Beans at the Jefferson Cannery. Two inches in the the paper each time, but after that, Hedda refused to cover me: she said I was the dullest man alive."Well, you are, Bucky didn't say, and boy, he was low if he could resist an opening like that."Even Tony does it," Steve pointed out. "Why do you think he hosts all those charity things? He stands there and lets them take his picture, to manage their access," though of course, Tony might also give them the finger or get drunk or fall down three flights of stairs at the Metropolitan, or maybe cure cancer, so he was rarely out of the spotlight. "Just," Steve said, going back to his argument, "I can see the point of it, all right? It's not a crazy idea—"Now Bucky did look up, something terrible in his expression. "It is a crazy idea.""No, it's not," Steve said and when Bucky straightened up angrily, wrench in hand, Steve grabbed hold of the other end. Bucky's arm jerked but he didn't let go, and the wrench quivered between them. They glared at each other, and for a second, Steve thought Bucky was maybe going to drop it to take a swing at him, which—good luck with that; he wouldn't have stood for that even when he was 90 pounds soaking wet. Steve squared his shoulders and set his jaw."Look, people know, Buck. They know you were the guy who saved Grand Central, they know it was you who fought that whacko at the Garden, and the Harlem sniper, and the bat-guy on the bridge— There are pictures, okay? You: in the uniform, carrying the shield. That cat's out of the bag. People know you've been serving as Captain America for the last couple years while I've been—" Steve let go of the wrench suddenly and Bucky lurched backward. "—you know: reinvigorating American painting with my particular brand of abstract neorealism. Okay," Steve said, spreading his palms as Bucky glowered at him, "maybe they don't know about that.""You should be shot," Bucky said darkly.Steve ignored this. "You did the hard part already," he said instead, almost pleading. "The hard part's being slammed around and thrown off buildings. This is the easy part, pal—""I won't do it," Bucky said flatly.   "—the standing around and making yourself seem harmless part. You wave at people, smile at the kids and let them take your picture. Believe me," Steve said, bracing his hands against the Studebaker's bulbous front fender, "I know it's boring and kind of humiliating, but if you keep the helmet on nobody even sees your face hardly. You make yourself into a thing that isn't you and then you can be you the rest of the time. I know you think the outfit's stupid but I'm grateful for it: it means I can walk the streets like a regular person because nobody recognizes me out of stars and stripes. And you could use a little of that, is all I'm saying. You don't have to do the  Thanksgiving Parade if you don't want to but you should do something like it, next chance you get. Let them tell a nice, boring story about you for a change: Look, it's Captain America—""I said no," Bucky said tightly. "I'm not doing it," and honest-to-god, Steve could have clocked him. Instead he blew out a long breath and stepped away, idly rubbing at his bearded chin.




"I'm gonna take the dogs for a walk," Steve said finally; he was practically gnawing at his lips so as not to say something he might regret. "For a nice, long walk." He crossed the garage to the metal door that led out to the doghouses and pulled the heavy metal bar aside: George and Gracie darted in and turned quickly, paws sliding out from under them, to leap at him, licking."Come on, you guys," Steve said absently, and reached
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Thanksgiving
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
hangovers
Brighton Beach Really Does Have The Best Russian Food (also Ukranian and Uzbek)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

