Chapter 1: The Escape
    


Notes:
Okay, I know, I realize that I have a ton of other stories that need to be finished, and I say this alot about a lot of stories, but the idea hit me and I really wanted to see more stories of Tony as a panther, so sue me.(actually please don't- I'm a broke college student lol)Anyways, Enjoy, and try to ignore the like, 7 other stories spanning multiple fandoms that I have yet to finish.11/23/17




Chapter Text
- - - ⎊ - - - The halls were cold and confined- composed entirely of metal. The hallways were dark, lit only by the rhythmic flashing of the warning lights. Sirens blared throughout the compound, signaling an escape. A large, sleek figure darted through the halls, frantically looking for an exit. It ran quickly, head flicking side to side as it kept an eye out for any pursuers. Its charcoal fur bristled at the sound of footsteps, accompanied by the shouts of henchmen. It ran even faster, dashing around a corner just as men spotted it from behind. "The boss'll have each and every one of our heads if that- that thing gets away!!" one yelled, giving chase after the creature. Many footsteps followed soon after, the men running after the creature as it frantically looked for a way out. Gunshots rang out, bullets whistling past the creature's head. "Don't let it get out!" a gunman said as he ran, the creature finally spotting an opening. The creature made a break for it, running towards a small opening close to the roof. A window. The window was closed, but after bashing into it, it gave way. The creature managed to pull itself mostly out of the window when it suddenly felt something grab hold of its back legs. The animal dug its claws into the earth and tried to pull itself forward, but it felt more hands grab onto its back legs and begin to pull it back in.  The creature thrashed and kicked, managing to loosen the hands' grip enough to squirm out the rest of the way. It then took off into the brush, the sounds of bullets ringing through the air. The last thing the animal heard was the collective anguish and enraged yells of a gunman. "STAAARRRKKKK!!!!!" The animal- the panther ran as fast as his body would enable him to. He pumped his legs even after they burned and screamed at him to stop. He didn't slow until the base was not only out of sight, but until he couldn't smell the stench of men and the drugs they forced into him had gone as well. Tony's chest heaved as he slowed to a walk, his massive paws aching under his weight. While the lush jungle he found himself in may have partially blocked the sun from him, the beast couldn't help but pant from exhaustion.  He looked at his surroundings, trying to orient himself but found that everything looked about the same. He was able to tell where he had come from, but not much more. Tony took a seat in the cool dirt and took a moment to think, gathering his thoughts as to what his plan of action should be. 'Think, Stark, think. You know you're in Wakanda, those morons made that abundantly clear. That means you're in T'Challa's land. Panthers have gotta be protected here, so you don't have to worry about hunters. That's....something, I guess.' he thought, staring intently as an ant fiddled about before his paw. 'If you can find the embassy, or better yet the palace, maybe Kitty can help you.' he pondered just how he would get the man to understand that he was Tony and not some random big cat, but he'd cross that bridge when he'd come to it. Tony felt his tail whap against the ground in agitation, and wow, wasn't that a weird feeling. 'Focus. I can't go back the way I came, but reasonably if I were to go in the opposite direction, those buffoons would think to look there, thinking I was desperate to get away. So we go perpendicular then.'  The panther's mind was made and he stood, glancing at the direction he'd come from and turning so that he faced nothing but brush. 'T'Challa, let's hope your homestead isn't too hard to find.' - - - ⎊ - - - Tony moved stealthily through the brush, keeping his head and body low to the ground. His ears swiveled constantly, always on the alert in case any people tried to get the drop on him. He doubted the Hydra agents would catch up to him anytime soon, but that didn't keep him from lowering his guard. There was a sudden rustle from bushes to his right, his hackled raising on instinct as his head snapped towards the sound. Tony narrowed his eyes and focused on the foliage and was about to take a step forward when he realized that a shotgun barrel was aimed right at his face.  His eyes widened and he jumped out of the way just as the gun went off, splintering the wood of a tree behind him. Heart pounding, Tony looked back to find two men crouching behind the brush, one staring at him with a sick grin as the other reloaded his gun. They stunk of deception and grime, and judging by the net one of them held, Tony assumed they weren't shooting at him for self-defense. 'Poachers...' the panther thou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony-centric
panther Tony stark
Panther!Tony
Animal Transformation
Animal Instincts
Hydra (Marvel)
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Transformation
Human Experimentation
Near Death Experiences
Medical Experimentation
Cat Tony
Cat Tony Stark
Comic Book Science
Mad Scientists
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
T'Challa (Marvel) Is a Good Bro
IDK yet if Bucky will be in this yet
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Someone Help Tony Already
Illegal Activities
Wakanda
Wakandan children are super sweet
Wakanda in general is just awesome
Wanda won't be in this either
Not Very Steve Friendly
Clint Either
Clint was an asshole in Civil War
just putting that out there
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Cap - Freeform
Team Iron Man
Tony Stark-centric
Tony is NOT A SHIFTER
I repeat
NOT A SHIFTER
THERE ARE NO SHIFTERS
NON-SHIFTER TONY STARK OKAY
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Bucky's Too Old For This
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Deaf Clint Barton
Clint Can Be An Ass Sometimes
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Adorable Tony Stark
Possible Tony Stark & Bucky Barnes Friendship
Clint Was Wronged In MCU
So This Is Now Also A Clint Fix-It
iridium
Comic Book Violence
Black Panther Shuri (Marvel)

fandom: 
None
