Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The fight was finally turning in their favor, as the giant guy began tumbling down; and Tony thought that maybe they would be able to catch Cap and his psychotic boyfriend in time to stop them leaving. Until Peters voice was cut off in the middle of his sentence. “Yes! That was awesome! I-ugh!”Tony heard the kid grunt as he was struck, and turned to see him fly across the sky; no longer swinging safely, but falling to the hard, unforgiving, concrete. He crashed into a stack of crates first, obliterating them beneath him, before tumbling across the tarmac and landing curled on his side. His limbs were slightly askew, but he made no effort to get up or even move to a more comfortable position. He didn’t move at all.Tony’s heart clenched painfully, as he held his breath, flying down to check on his newest recruit, while his mind screamed at him. How could he be so stupid, as to bring a fourteen-year-old into a fight with the Avengers? Of course, the kid had caught a car without any problem, but this was a fight with other superheroes, ones that broke airplanes in half to hit people with. If he got hurt, it was on Tony, and he hadn’t really thought about that possibility till now. He approached the sprawled figure on the ground, praying that he was okay, and called out as he crouched beside him. “Kid, you alright?”Peter immediately rolled over, hands coming up to protect himself. Although he did a lousy job; his mask pulled half off, and little panicked noises falling from his mouth as he struggled.“Get off me!”Tony caught his wrists and pressed the flailing limbs to Peters chest. So, the baby Avenger wasn’t dead, but he certainly wasn’t all there right now. He was trying to pull his wrists from Tony’s grasp, and although he was weaker than usual, he still had super strength, and Tony’s Iron-Man suit provided the extra strength necessary to hold him still, as he tried to reassure him. “Same side. Hey, guess who? Hi.” Peters glassy eyes, found his, and the kid let out a relieved sigh, sinking to the ground. “Oh, hey man. That was scary.” His voice was shaky, and he stopped fighting Tony’s arms, exhausted. Tony felt like sagging to the ground too, with how much relief was flooding through him. Peter was fine, a little banged up but nothing he couldn’t handle and heal from within a day or two. He looked down at the kid, mask half off, and eyes not quite focussing, as he blinked them obnoxiously, obviously having trouble seeing. Tony made a decision. “Yeah, you’re done. Alright?”Peters gaze flickered back to Tony and his hands came back up to try and grab onto the billionaire. “What?” He sounded so disappointed, and Tony knew that Peter would have gladly got back up to fight, had Tony asked him. But he couldn’t risk the teenager getting hurt again, it was a bad idea to bring him in the first place.“You did a good job.”Peter began squirming, trying to get his feet under him so that he could stand. “No, I’m good! I’m fine!”Tony pushed the kid back down, trying to keep his voice level to hide how horrible he felt that the child in front of him, was so desperate to please him, while so obviously hurt. “Stay down.” He’d have Happy come pick him up or something, because as much as this was his fault, he still had to stop Cap.“No, it’s good, I gotta get him back!”Tony’s voice grew a notch harder, his concern showing through, because Peter couldn’t even fight his hands off anymore. “You’re going home, or I’ll call Aunt May! You’re done.”He couldn’t look at that disappointed, confused, face any longer; he didn’t have time. Tony started walking away, as Peter continued to call out. “Mr Stark, wait! I’m not done, I’m not…” Tony was about to fly off, after his idiot friends, when Peter let out a grunt of pain. Tony could hear the small thumps as Peter fell back to the ground after trying to get up, and he turned to watch him lay back down on the concrete. The kid let out a tired breath, but Tony’s own chest seemed frozen, because something was staining the tarmac. It was seeping out from under Peter, slowly but surely, spreading out so that there was no questioning what it was. Blood; way too much of it. Tony raced back over, pressing his hands to Peter’s shoulders, to stop him moving, as he had Friday scan the kid for injuries. “Friday, give me a full report from the suit.”Peter looked confused, but Tony’s voice was quick and hard. “Don’t move.”The kid stilled, face screwing up into a wince, as Friday relayed her report. “I have detected a moderate concussion, three broken ribs, and a stab wound above his right hip. It is bleeding too fast, and needs to be treated immediately. Would you like me to send a med team?”Tony could barely speak, at the sight of all that blood flowing from Peters side. It wasn’t just a stab wound, the kid had been impaled, on a piece of metal that had likely come off the plane, when the Tiny/Giant guy had ripped the wing off. He felt sick.He managed to reply, but his voice 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Everyone & Everyone

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Worried Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter
Blood
Injury
Whump
Pain
Medical Procedures
Prompt Fill
Fear
Angst
Suspense
Traumatic Brain Injury
Comas - Freeform
Intubation
Rehabilitation
slow healing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Everyone & Everyone

