Chapter 1: the start
    




Chapter Text
Hattie sat crossed legged on the leather couch as her, cousin Tony got the popcorn and the drinks ready for their family bonding time which was a movie night. About 6 years ago during the summer of her fifth year, Hattie learned when looking through some stuff that Sirius had given her belonging to her father, that she had another cousin who lived in the USA. To say that she was thrilled was an understatement, but she decided that she would have to get rid of Voldemort before she could attempt to contact her cousin, so she spent the rest of her summer reading and studying both light and dark magic.Hattie wasn't stupid she knew that if she was to defeat Voldemort she would have to fight fire with fire, that she would have to kill if she was to stand any chance of living. This had put her at odds with The Order and her ex-friends, Hermione said that what she was thinking was wrong and that it was evil, Hattie calmly asked Hermione if she thought that the men in fought in WW1, WW2 and all the wars following them were evil as they were fighting in a war and had killed. Hermione quickly shut up after that.It hadn't taken her long once she got rid his Horcruxes with a ritual that she had found in the Potter library, this had lead to his defeat in the middle of her six-year after he attacked Hogwarts. She still remembered the look of surprise on his face, when she threw his curses back at him, before ending the fight with a cutting curse to his chest that had him choking to death on his own blood. After the clean-up and everyone who had died in the battle had been buried and the trials were over in which must death eaters who were still alive got off once again including Malfoy, she moved all the money from her wizarding bank account to that of one in the non-magical world and left the magical world of Britain, only going back to visit her godson Teddy and his grandmother Andromeda, Tonks and Remus had married after Tonks got pregnant from a drunken night with Remus after the battle at the Ministry. Tonks had sadly died in the battle and Remus up and left Teddy, giving up all of his rights to the child.Once in the US Hattie decide to look for her cousin. It didn't take her long as it turned out Tony was looking for her as well, when he learned from his father's papers that his mother had been adopted and the both of them had been looking for her birth family, sadly they both died before they could find the Potters. When both Tony and Pepper found out that she was just 16, they both insisted on her moving into Tony's house, saying that she was far too young to be living on her own. It had been a little awkward at first as neither of them knew how to interact with the other, Pepper finally can up with the idea of family bonding time, in which they would both take some time out of their day and spend it doing something to help them get to know each other, they had decided to keep it going as it was fun and a nice way for them to relax.Tony walked back into the room and handed her a bowl of popcorn, before he sat on the other chair and turned the film on, before casually putting his feet over the side of the chair while reaching over and taking a handful of popcorn. The film had just started when JARVIS interrupt."Sir. Agent Coulson is currently in the lift he wants to speak to you, also SHIELD is trying to hack into the system.""Activate Protocol 6 JARVIS. And let Agent in."" Very well Sir"(Protocol 6 was where JARVIS made it look like, that the person who tries to hack into the system had. While JARVIS entered theirs and deleted anything that they had on Tony, that could be used against him and if need be he would also leave a few computer virus on their system.)Hattie turned and watched as a man entered the room. This must be Agent Coulson which was good as she had been wanting to have a word with the guy. About how he had treated Tony while he had been ill. She had been away at University at the time so she didn't know that Tony had been ill it was only when she got back Tony told her everything that happened that she hadn't heard about on the news, knowing that he couldn't keep anything from her when it involved family. She watched for a few a minutes as Tony and Coulson talked and about a threat on its way to earth, and that they need his help with looking for something called a Tesseract before he noticed her sitting on the couch watching his every move. "I'm sorry who are you?" he asked."The person who will 'Taser you and leave you to drool on the carpet while I watch Supernanny," she replied."...I'm sorry.""I'm Hattie. As for what I said, it was the same thing that you said to a dying man who had metal in his chest. You do realize that if you had tasered him, you could have killed him and if that had happened nowhere would be safe for you to hide from me. You threaten to do that to him again and I will Taser you and leave you in a room while the most annoying song eve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Fem Harry Potter

freeform: 
Female Harry Potter
will have violence
tony and Hattie are cousin
Loki was mind controled
BAMF Hattie
AU
Smart Hattie
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
salty after Civil War
Team Iron Man
Team Tony Stark
mentions of Iron Man 2
but events init happend differently
will write about that at some point
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Civil War Team Iron Man
Dobby (Harry Potter) Lives
Hedwig (Harry Potter) Lives

fandom: 
Loki/Fem Harry Potter

