Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
 




despite the threatening sky and shuddering earth (they remained)   

Joyful friends, mostly loyal, they hadn't abandoned their protector before the gathering storm; and despite the threatening sky, despite the shuddering earth, they remained, smiling, considerate, and as devoted to misfortune as they had been to prosperity.” Alexander Dumas
   
    “Benzos, methamphetamine—”  Hill flipped the page, “—Haloperidol, that’s an antipsychotic, and, yikes, we’ve got an anti-androgen here, too.”“A what?” Sam leaned over her shoulder. She pointed at the readout, and Sam carefully pronounced: “Cyproterone acetate. The hell is that?”“Well, it’s as much proof as we’re gonna get that he wasn’t exactly a volunteer.” Hill’s mouth twisted. “He’s chemically castrated.”Sam hissed in a breath through his teeth and rocked backwards on his heels. “Jesus.”“All those other drugs, they’re…?” Steve scrubbed at his face. He’d showered twice since the Triskelion, since the helicarriers, but his skin still felt gritty, like the blood and dirt and smoke still clung to him, invisibly, permanently. “What do they do?”“Well, they should be killing him,” said Hill bluntly. “According to the lab, anyway. They’re all in concentrations about 15 times what’s recommended. And, yeah, the readouts from his scans are showing at least three subdermal devices that could be delivering the drug cocktails directly into his bloodstream.” She flipped another page. “And, this is exciting, we should be glad Stark suggested the Faraday cage. The mask is rigged to blow.”“Don’t tell Stark you said that,” Natasha commented blandly, her voice tinny. On the video-screen, she was examining her nails. Steve thought he knew her well enough now to see that she was, as ever, performing.“Oh, I’ll erase it from the surveillance.” Hill’s tone was light.“Rigged to blow,” Steve repeated flatly, his gaze pulling to the one-way glass, where the subject of this awful conversation still remained in his corner, in the same pose as yesterday. He probably hadn’t moved once. “If it’s tampered with, or...?”Hill hummed in assent while Sam shook his head. “He’s wired with explosives? That is fucked. Who does that? What the fuck?”“They really didn’t want the mask to come off.” Hill thumbed through the scans, and pulled out a film that she then handed over to Sam, face mostly expressionless but for the flat line of her pursed lips.Sam accepted the film and held it up to the light, angling so both he and Steve could see it, squinting at the outline of the Winter Soldier’s skull, and the blips of unnatural white that showed up, God, in his brain, not to mention about half his teeth, plus the mask, with its thin protrusions—“Those are pins,” Steve realized. He looked over at Hill. “The mask—it’s nailed to his face.”Hill’s face was as unmoved as ever. “Like I said. They really didn’t want it coming off.”   
   The thing about the Winter Soldier, Steve had realized later, the thing that made fighting him so unsettling, was that he didn’t make a sound. In the heat of battle, as it took Steve everything he had to avoid the fast, precise strikes and vicious slashes of his knife, he could hear his percussive breathing through the mask, the sounds of his bodily exertion paired with the whirring and spinning of the mechanical arm, but that was it.No sound when Steve landed a hit, other than the thump of his fist on his body; no gasps, grimaces or explosive grunts; nothing. Even the moment Steve had gotten him with a solid blow with the shield that had sent him sprawling, the only sound had been the scrape and spark of the arm against the asphalt and the thud and slide of his mass hitting the ground.Later, when Natasha was explaining (“he’s a ghost story”), Steve asked: “but he is—human?”A lifted brow. “As much as you are.”“What, he’s a super soldier too?” Sam had asked.“It’s one theory.” Natasha’s face was paler than usual, the lines and planes she normally molded into softness made hard and sharp by the pain of her shoulder. “It makes sense. Especially if the “Winter Soldier” is a name, and not a title.”“Like James Bond,” Sam offered. Steve blinked. “You know, that’s the reason there’s been so many different Bonds. ‘James Bond, 007,’ it’s a title, not a name.” He waited for Steve to get it; Steve didn’t get it.“Jesus, Cap, add Bond to the list.”    
    He hadn’t made a sound on the helicarrier either; he’d just been waiting.“I won’t hold back,” Steve had told him. He’d felt compelled to warn the guy, because whoever, or whatever he was, something about this silent, single-purpose creature struck a discordant tone in Steve’s brain, a niggling sense of we are missing a part of this story.Perhaps it was his silence. Perhaps it was the way his eyes tracked Steve, the way they had on the freeway, the way they did the moment Steve appeared on that catwalk, the odd lack of malice in his focused gaze, that tinge of curiosity mixed with fear and—(“I dunn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Winter Soldier Trauma Warnings
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Body Horror
Body Modification
Touch-Starved
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The Winter Soldier AU
The Mask Can't Come Off
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Drug Withdrawal
Identity Porn
Identity Reveal
Hurt/Comfort
Art
Embedded Images
art by quietnight
American Sign Language
Eventual Happy Ending
I swear to God

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

