Chapter 1: A Riddle Inside My Head
    




Chapter Text

Darcy Lewis knew she had a soulmate, had known since she was four years old and the first burn of his consciousness bloomed across hers. Soulmates were rare these days, though not unheard of. It took a confirmation from her pediatrician and a recommended child psychologist before her parents were convinced that she was indeed half a soulmate pairing and not just a child like any other with a highly active imagination. 


It took her family all those months of doctor's appointments before they knew, but she had known from the very first feeling of him (the burn of cold, the strangely clinical nature of his mind, the strange numbness of her left arm) that he was 

real

 and somewhere in the world. 


It wasn’t until the Triskelion fell and the identity of the Winter Soldier was dumped onto the internet, along with every dirty secret that S.H.I.E.L.D. and Hydra ever had, that she realized exactly 

who 

her soulmate was. 


And it fit. 


All of it. The burning cold, the strange quality of his mind, the dreams of blood and despair that left her shaking in her bed, the frequent pains that bloomed across her body throughout her life and placed the shadow of fear in her parents eyes. 


When she was young, but old enough to know that the world sometimes liked to hurt children, she thought that her soulmate must have been abused by someone in his life. It would explain the searing pains that would plague her little body. It would explain the sometimes skittish, sometimes blunt feeling of his thoughts. He was traumatized, her soulmate. He was somewhere in the world and he was being 

hurt. 

It broke Darcy’s little heart and she ached to find him and protect him. 


Perhaps that was why she was so utterly compassionate as a person. Why she would face the danger of death to save the lives of animals in a soon to be annihilated pet shop. Why she chose political science as her field of study. She wanted to get into politics so she could help people, because she 

cared.



She couldn’t save her soulmate from his suffering, not yet, but she could attempt to save the world while she waited. 


But then a god fell from the sky and another tried to conquer the earth and then fucking 

space elves

 tried to murder the entire universe, and Darcy found herself in the middle of a “Big Picture” situation and the saving of the earth via lobbying the U.S. government didn’t hold the same appeal as it once did. But staying with Jane did. So she stuck with her boss and let the dream of poli sci die. 


And Frigga bless Jane, because the woman had believed her, without question, when Darcy had admitted that she thought the Winter Soldier might be her soulmate. She hadn’t even hesitated, just swallowed her bite of bagel and sat next to Darcy where she was poring over the Hydra info drop. They spent three days making a Timeline of the Winter Soldier’s life and of Darcy’s memories of her soulmate, matching each point, until they knew without a doubt that he was her other half. 


It made her sick inside. And afraid. 


So very 

afraid.



A kid from an abusive home, she could handle. Hell, she’d been reading psychology books about those kinds of children and what it did to them since she was 13. She wanted to be ready for him, to understand him and help if she could. 


But this? 


She didn’t have the tools to deal with the mess that was her soulmate. 


So she didn’t. 


She kept working with Jane, building bridges to other worlds in the hopes that their work would provide answers to problems the human race wasn’t even aware of yet. 


And it wasn’t like she could even find her soulmate. He was in the wind. There was nothing she could do. Right? 


Of course that changed when she and Jane were taken under Stark’s wing as the Avengers b-team. They didn’t do any of the fighting, working in a support capacity and fiddling with fully-funded astrophysics to their heart's content, but it suited them both just fine. 


Now that she was working with and technically 

for

 Stark, she felt obligated to inform him of the fact that she had a soulmate and well...he happened to be the man that orphaned her new boss. 


Stark took it surprisingly well, sitting quietly and staring at her. He didn’t quite believe her at first, but Jane was there to back her up, along with a printed version of the comparative timelines they’d mapped two years ago. His eyes had widened and an emergency Avengers meeting had been called. 


***


She feels like a bug under glass as the room full of superheroes stares her down. Captain Rogers pins her down with the hardest stare, something like hope and suspicion mingling together behind his eyes. 


“We know where he is.” 


Steve’s rumbling voice startles her. The phrase is uttered like he is giving her a gift, a lifeline, but it is one that she does not wish to grasp. 


“Miss Lewis? Did you hear me?” 


“Yes.” Her answer is curt, bordering on impolite, but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
WinterShock - Freeform
Soulmate AU

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

