Work Text:

  Why would Natasha go along with the info dump?  
Tony had a problem. There, first step towards recovery is admitting that you have a problem, right?To be more specific: he was pretty sure he had PTSD – as in, the only uncertainty by now is the lack of a diagnosis from an actual professional – and this was interfering with everything. His personal life, – he still felt guilty about almost having the armor attacking Pepper in their bed of all places – his professional life – he never missed a SI deadline by accident, when Tony misses it; it was for a reason and even his Avenging thingy. He was a consultant for SHIELD not the Avengers, well… when SHIELD was still a thing.The billionaire frowned. He still couldn’t understand what Natasha and Steve were thinking. When such a global intelligence organization like SHIELD becomes compromised you don’t compromise it even more by throwing the dirty laundry in the wind. HYDRA was in there so they could pull the same strings SHIELD was pulling but to be naïve enough to think that SHIELD was their only stronghold? Tony was willing to bet that SHIELD was convenient because… well…how hard it is to infiltrate an organization with the same work ethics – if not end goals – that they themselves had? Aside from that, it i-was an organization that dealt with highly sensitive information, some of which HYDRA could or could not have had access already. To take the chance that they already knew everything that SHIELD knew ‘so what the hell, at least now the entire world would know’ too was…Tony has yet to understand the logic. If it was to permanently close SHIELD’s doors in a way that they couldn’t open them anymore why not just clear the vault? Delete all the files and make SHIELD into a trap to anyone that would want to infiltrate it. To be honest, that’s what he did when he found out about Stane. It would be ridiculous to think that no one in the company knew the crap that was going on behind his back so Tony made a front, a bait and just waited to see who would be taking it. It weeded out the most obvious and exposed the thread, all he needed to do was pull it to see who else was holding the other end.He digressed. Shaking his head, Tony went for another cup of coffee, ignoring the microwave clock that read 5 am and ignoring that he had yet to even see his bedroom’s door.The inventor probably shouldn’t have started his day by saying – in his own mind or not – that he had a problem. It didn’t bode well for the rest of it. Did it count that technically for him it was still yesterday? Well, it certainly didn’t bode well for the rest of the day. And he still had to answer Nat’s email about the call of arms of the Avengers to root out HYDRA.He was just so absurdly busy with SI, Iron Man that was still finding the occasional SI weapons cache, the work with the Arc Reactor, trying to find new applications for Badassium, work with Bruce, consulting hours and now rescuing SHIELD agents all over the world that were still mid-mission when the info dump happened. That last one was giving him nightmares, especially the deep undercover agents in North Korea, Russia and China. Those people were not kind to spies.He didn’t even have the time to go through the sea of SHIELD files for himself yet. Tony just had JARVIS screen and delete the personal data to try and mitigate the danger of SHIELD agents still on field. Priorities first, right?And all that and Natasha still calls him to take out HYDRA? ‘Take out’ not ‘find’. How does she even know where to look f-, Tony froze. He didn’t want to think like that of Natasha but…it would have been infinitely safer, more obvious and simply honorable to indeed delete all SHIELD files. Even if Rogers was the one to give the idea – no one tells him shit in this life, Tony still didn’t know if that idiocy was Natasha’s or Steve’s – Natasha agreed and did the deed. Having worked for intelligence gathering for most of her life and Natasha didn’t know the repercussions? Not only to the field agents still out there but now every single person that SHIELD has ever taken a speckle of interest was vulnerable. Ready and set to die of exposure the longer the Iron Legion took to find and recover them.If Nat didn’t know, then the Black Widow was just smokescreen, a front, propaganda, the person that didn’t live up to the legend but if she did know…she just had to know, but…if she knew…what possible gain could she have? Tony read her file, he knew her background, SHIELD gave her a clean slate and she was the one to destroy the Red Room program and yet Tony himself never even heard of them so she did it without throwing the whole thing on the front pages. Why couldn’t or wouldn’t she burn SHIELD to the ground instead of flashing the world, on Rogers’ say so or not?And here’s what Tony was struggling to accept about what Natasha was getting out of the mess: leverage. That’s what Natasha would be able to gain by dumping those files, double leverage at that.H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
An argument can be made about unrealiable narrator
Not Natasha Friendly

fandom: 
None
