Work Text:
Hugging his brother for a hasty few minutes is not enough to siphon away the anxiety prickling through him. Thor finds himself turning from his conversations the rest of the evening to catch Loki out of the corner of his eye, to see he is there — charming people and drinking and keeping a wide berth away from Hulk — and not burning in the ashes of Asgard, or on his merry way somewhere without Thor. Loki sees him looking more than once; twice he lifts his eyebrow at Thor; three times after that he rolls his eyes and stalks over to Thor, holding a glass in one hand and reaching out to pinch Thor’s upper arm viciously with the other. 
“Oh, look, I'm still here,” Loki says, widening his eyes over-large.
“Shouldn't I be the one pinching you?” Thor asks. Loki favors him with an incredulous look down the length of his nose, before walking off again to the little cluster of people he's been absently healing of minor wounds. 
They've figured out the quarters situation, at least. Loki has a separate room, but when it's time to retire, Thor doesn't even pretend to consider it: on thumping feet he follows Loki, who seems to be pretending he's gone suddenly deaf, until they get to Loki’s door. Then Loki turns to look at him, and gives a world-weary sigh. 
“Oh, alright,” Loki says, throwing the door open and ushering Thor in. “If you steal the blankets, I'll stab you while you're sleeping.”
“Promise not to snore and I'll consider it,” Thor says happily, and makes himself comfortable on one side of the bed.
“I do not — ” Loki begins, in tones of great affront, before cutting himself off as he gets into the other side. “Shut up, I'm not doing this with you. I'm exhausted.” 
“You're exhausted,” Thor says as Loki turns off the light. 
“Yes, I am,” Loki retorts. He rustles around in the darkness, tucking himself into the blankets. “I did a lot of running to save the day today, if you remember.” 
“I lost an eye,” Thor says complacently.
There's a pause. “I hate you,” Loki says with feeling. “This is how it's going to go from now on, isn't it? We're arguing, and then — bam! ‘I lost an eye, I win’.”
Thor grins faintly. “Are you going to be around to be bothered by it?” he says; if there's an all-too-naked search for reassurance in his voice, well. He doesn't mind being obvious if it'll get him what he wants. 
“Don't tempt me,” Loki says darkly. But he turns toward Thor to sleep, and lets Thor’s outflung hand brush his side, and even, stealthily, moves ever-so-slightly closer. 
Thor falls asleep like that. He wakes once in the night, but Loki’s soft snoring fills his ears before he registers anything else. They've moved closer together while sleeping, and Thor’s hand is clutching the front of Loki’s shirt. He relaxes back into a pure, undisturbed sleep. 
 
Morning is a different story. 
Thor comes awake with a jolt as he hits the floor, a pain flaring in his hip. He tries to move his arms and blinks in confusion when he can't, before he realizes all his limbs are trapped in a cocoon of blankets. 
Over the edge of the bed, Loki scowls down at him. His hair is a tangled curling mess; there's a pillow-crease cutting across his cheek. 
“I warned you,” Loki hisses.
Thor just wraps himself up tighter; Loki clearly didn't think this through. “These are mine now,” he informs Loki. 
The blankets wind around and around him, trapping his limbs further and nearly stuffing themselves in his mouth, before he manages to get his head free. Then Loki throws both pillows at his head for good measure.
“Have fun with them,” Loki says, smirking down at him. 
“Oh, fine,” Thor says, glaring. The blankets’ grip eases slightly. “I have work to do, anyway.” 
Loki yawns delicately, and then reaches down to draw the blankets back up toward him, hand-over-hand like a fisherman lifting a net. The pillows float up after them. “How sad for you,” he says, tucking himself back into a roll atop the bed. 
Thor leaves him alone, after swatting his upturned rump and dodging the green bolt Loki aims at him in response. Loki will join him soon enough; if nothing else, his inclination toward lounging around and critiquing Thor’s every move will prove too great a draw to remain in bed much longer. 
Thor shuts the door to Loki’s room behind him, and then looks up and down the hallway, trying to remember the best way to the center of the ship. He sees three of his people passing by and smiles at them in greeting; he gets three very odd looks in response, before they seem to remember themselves and smile hesitantly back as they continue walking. Perhaps Thor’s been away from home for too long, if his people seem this hesitant to talk to him.
Oh well. It's nothing a long journey in a creepy dictator’s stolen ship can't fix. 
Thor shrugs it off and follows them down the hall. 
 
By midday, or as best as he can gauge it in space, Thor has met with Heimdall, looked over the star charts to review their course, visited the wounded, and received no less than twelve versi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Ragnarok
Fake/Pretend Relationship
First Time
Humor
Author's Favorite

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

