Chapter 1: The Question
    




Chapter Text
Peter was currently standing in front of the lounging room's door. He would have walked in if he wasn't so goddamn nervous. His hands were slightly shaking and he was taking deep breaths to calm himself. It wasn't particularly effective.
 

It's okay, you can do this. Besides, he will probably say yes, right? Why would he refuse? It's not like he's a super busy billionaire who also happens to be a super-hero.

 
Peter let out a defeated sigh. He wanted to ask something to Tony, but he wasn't sure of his reaction. He could be horrified or delighted. Possibly both at the same time. Maybe he should wait, he wasn't that late on the essay anyway-
 
"Do you plan on staying in front of the door indefinitely?" An annoyed voice asked behind him.
 
Startled, Peter quickly turned around to find Loki staring at him, eyebrow raised. He didn't know how long he's been standing there, but it was apparently long enough to annoy the God of Mischief. Which was something the teenager usually tried to avoid doing. The black-haired man may have found redemption after his and Thor's return to Earth, but Peter still wasn't entirely comfortable around him. His spider senses kept telling him to be careful.
 
"S-Sorry! Please, go right ahead!" Peter said hurrily, opening the door for him.
 
Loki walked in without looking at him and said : "Stark, I think your child wants your attention."
 
Peter cursed under his breath. People - well, the Avengers- kept teasing Tony and Peter about their relationship and calling him his son. It didn't bother him that much, he was actually quite flattered to be honest. But he was always afraid of the reaction of Tony. He didn't want him to think he was needy or clingy. And what he was about to ask wasn't going to work in his favour.
 
"Peter? Come here, kiddo, we were about to order pizza, what do you want?"
 
Tony was on the couch, StarkPhone in hand, looking at him through his sunglasses. All the Avengers were here. Perfect. Because all Peter needed right now was an audience. He hesitated a moment, but finally joined the others in the lounging room.
 
"I'll have an Hawaiian, please. Extra large."
 
Tony rolled his eyes. " We're really gonna have to talk about your taste in pizza, kid." 
 
"Don't listen to him, buddy. He's just jealous because he's allergic to pineapple." Clint interjected from the counter where he was cleaning his arrows.
 
"I'm not jealous. Besides, if Gordon Ramsay says not to put pineapple on a pizza, you don't put pineapple on the freaking pizza."
 
"Language." Steve chimed without taking his eyes off of his newspapers.
 
"Peter is fifteen, Cap, not eight. I'm sure he can handle that kind of language." Sam added, amused.
 
"It's fine. I'm fine. Hey, Tony, can I talk to you for a sec?"
 
"Sure thing." Tony threw his phone at Rhodey who caught it easily. "Can you take care of the order? And don't forget the extra pickles this time."
 
"You and your pickles..." Rhodey mumbled while taping the number.
 
Peter kept licking his dry lips nervously. Tony and him had grown close for the past year, but...
 
"So, what have you done this time, kiddo? Did you steal a car and crashed it? Because I totally did that when I was your age. I wouldn't be mad, y'know ? Proud maybe, but definitely not mad. »
 
« Tony... » Steve warned. « Why did we say about being a role model ? »
 
« About that ! » Peter cut off. « I'm supposed to interview my role model and write an essay about it for my sociology class and...I was wondering if, maybe, if it doesn't bother you, if you're not too busy...you would let me interview you? It's okay if you don't want to!” Peter quickly added, perfecly aware that everyone in the room was looking at him.
 
A complete silence fell upon the room. It's seemed like everyone just stopped breathing for a minute. All the Avengers were staring at the silent billionaire. Peter could feel the lump in his throat as the silence streched. Had he made a mistake? Maybe Tony didn't want to be bothered with stupid homeworks.
 
Slowly, very slowly, Tony pulled off his sunglasses. His eyes were bewildered as he stared at Peter. The teenager didn't remember ever seeing him that tensed.
 
“...You want to interview me? Me? You're sure you're not talking to Cap over there?”
 
“Well yeah...but if you don't want to-”
 
“Of course I want to, kiddo.” Tony interrupted firmly. “Why don't you go back to your room and I'll join you in a minute, okay?”
 
Peter grinned from ear to ear and nodded enthusiastically. “Yes! Of course! I'll prepare everything!” And he took off at the speed of light.
 
 
Still reeling, Tony turned to his teammates, a matching grin on his face.
 
“You heard that? I'm a role model.”
 
Clint sighed. “The poor kid doesn't know what he just started. He will never let us live this down.” He shook his head, definitely not ready for the months of nagging to come.
 
Bruce, who was standing the closest to Tony, put a hand on his shoulder, a sma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Adorable Peter Parker
Family
Father-Son Relationship
Just a little something I wrote
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Family Fluff
Team as Family
Irondad
SpiderKid
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

