Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

 Truth Will Rise 

  A Frey of Asgard Story  

  Crossover: Harry Potter/Thor/Marvel, et al  

 By Sif Shadowheart 

Disclaimer:  The content of Harry Potter and the Marvelverse including their characters are the property of Ms. Rowling, Marvel, et al.  This is a work of fan-authored fiction written for pure entertainment with no monetary gain acquired or otherwise attached.
This story takes place following The Frost Prince and the short fic in my How to Train Your Godling collection In Vino Veritas.  However, if you haven’t read the latter all you really need to know is that Thor stumbled on (and then through) one of Loki’s paths between worlds which let him get a different view of both his brother and Frey, while training up some of his seriously-neglected-in-canon powers.
Author’s Note: This is the story that actually came first to me when I was bitten by the HP/Avengers bug.  I remain hopelessly enamored with the idea of anti-hero Loki, and desperately wish he would get the redemption story in canon that Tom Hiddleston’s portrayal of him in film deserves.  Alas, I doubt it will ever happen, still I have the opportunity to give him one myself.  This story takes the place of the first Avengers film in the MCU-verse, and will cover the events of that movie as I envision them going post-Lokison and post-Frost Prince as well as the shorter fics in this series.

 Herein we will begin to see some of the foundation-building for pairings, and as always with my fics you can expect healthy helpings of both A/U and Slash. 
All that said enjoy!
Prologue
Let no one think of me that I am humble or weak or passive; let them understand I am of a different kind: dangerous to my enemies, loyal to my friends. To such a life glory belongs.-Euripedes, Medea…
Ymir International Headquarters, Denver, Colorado
“Are you certain this is the path you wish to take, young one?”  Jormangandr asked, arching a brow in that iconic motion all of Loki’s blood seemed to have inherited from the God of Mischief and Chaos.  “After all…they’re only humans.”“That’s the problem other evolved species have with this planet.”  Frey commented with pseudo-idleness as he twirled the pen he’d used to sign the contracts laying on the table in front of them – and the topic currently under discussion by the three heads of multinational corporations, however new (relatively) his Ymir International might be compared to Jor’s Ouroboros Consolidated or Fenrir’s Fenris Enterprises.His uncles had to do something to keep themselves entertained while they kept one eye on Midgardr after all, and being of Loki’s blood by their mother Hela, they weren’t exactly welcome in Asgard.  Laufey and the rest of their great-grandbera’s brood were always fun to visit now that the relation is known, but Jor and Fen were raised among the souls of humans…they were their playmates and their tutors, and humans were still where their interests laid.  Though, whatever love of man they had didn’t stop Jor from playing at “Nessie” or pretending to be a great sea monster every other week or Fen from running with the few remaining wild packs of wolves.They each had their interests, Jor in particular liked to occasionally gallivant off into the Universe Cosmic.But in many ways, Midgardr had become their home, a feeling only reinforced the more that their nephew – since calling Frey their uncle just sounded all kinds of wrong – spent so much time there these days.Frey continued his thought: “You underestimate humans.  Even those who enjoy them, like you two.”Fenrir snorted.As if they could underestimate a species that was doing a damn good job of destroying their own home.“I’m serious.”  Frey rolled his eyes so hard they almost rolled right out of his head.  “You do.  But so do they underestimate – and in this particular case overestimate – themselves…and what they’re capable of.”  He smirked.  “I’ll take their money, build what they desire.  And ensure that it can never be turned against me or mine.”“Clever and cunning.”  Fenrir allowed.  “Just like your father.  But can you follow through?”“Well.”  Frey stood, tossing his last words over his shoulder.  “I guess we’ll find out, won’t we?”“Okay.”  Jor stood laughing a bit at his nephew’s panache.  “Say what you like about him being a cocky brat…”“He is a cocky brat.”“…but he’s entertaining as all hell.”“…that too.  Maybe.  I suppose.”“Well.”  Jor drawled, following in his nephew’s footsteps with his twin on his heels.  “There’s worse ways to spend eternity than by joining in – and being entertained by – whatever latest madcap scheme Frey cooks up.”“Stop making sense.  I just want to be exasperated in peace and left to sulk.”“As you wish…”“Just stop.  Asshole.”…Frey had barely stepped from the shadows he’d used to take leave of his “uncles” in Colorado into his lush Beacon Hill apartment in Boston, shedding the cunning businessman as easily as he did his designer suit coat – after all they might ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Farbauti/Laufey (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Fenrir (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Hela (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Jormungand (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Fenrir & Hela & Jormungand & Loki

freeform: 
Implied Frigga/Hogun
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Loki Needs a Hug
Frey is Over Everyone's Shit
Gearhead!Frey
Loki Does What He Wants
The Snark is Strong
Lokison Universe
Frey of Asgard

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Farbauti/Laufey (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Fenrir (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Hela (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Jormungand (Marvel) & Harry Potter
Fenrir & Hela & Jormungand & Loki

