Work Text:
Steve wasn’t in the apartment when Bucky got back from his shift at the docks. His pencils were out on the rickety kitchen table, and it looked like he had the beginnings of a comic outlined on the paper strewn across it, so he couldn’t have gone far. Down to the deli on the next street for sandwiches, maybe, or doing errands for old Mrs. LaPierre in 17D, or even just in the shared bathroom down the hall. Bucky stripped out of his work clothes, but he figured he was in for the night so he didn’t bother rooting around for clean pants. In his cotton shorts and t-shirt, he threw open the window and climbed out onto the fire escape with a pack of Chesterfields and a box of matches. The cigarettes bothered Steve’s asthma, so he always did his smoking outside. Most of the time Steve would come keep him company, and Bucky always made sure to position himself downwind. 
He got through only half a smoke before he heard Steve shuffling around behind him. He glanced back to find Steve in the threadbare terrycloth robe Bucky’d gotten him four Christmases ago, hair wet from a shower and combed neatly into place. He set his toiletries down and came up to the window. 
“Hey Buck,” he said. “None of the dames in Brooklyn got time for Bucky Barnes tonight?”
Bucky pivoted a bit to face him, tilted a half smile at him, and Steve dropped his eyes, face going pink all the way to the tips of his ears.
Ah, Bucky thought. So that’s the kind of night it is.
Bucky’s smirk grew further before he blew out the smoke in his lungs and crushed out the flame. He tucked the half a cigarette back into the box. 
“Nah,” he said. “I’m the one ain’t got time for them.”
Steve scoffed and fiddled with a cuff, which resulted in the fabric of the robe slouching down one side to expose the milky expanse of one shoulder, the pale pink disc of one little nipple, hardening in the evening cool. This was Steve’s version of flirting. It was clumsy, but it got the job done, and something in Bucky swelled with a sort of Neanderthal pride to have been, as far as he knew, the only recipient of Steve’s efforts. In his shorts, his prick twitched and firmed up. 
“You get real clean for me, Steve?” he asked, voice low. Steve met his eyes and jutted his chin out in that determined little way he had, like he was steeling for a fight. God, but he was pretty, eyes big like a movie star. Bucky always wanted to call him dollface and sweetheart when he got like this, but he didn’t want to catch a right hook to the diaphragm. For such a little fella, Steve sure knew what he was doing when he curled his fists. 
“What if I did?” Steve said.
“Must be because you want some special attention,” Bucky said. “Lucky for you, I’m around.”
“I never claimed to have good taste,” Steve said, and Bucky laughed so loud the crack of it bounced between the buildings until the sounds of Brooklyn at night swallowed it up like it had never been there. But it had been, and it lingered now between Bucky and Steve until Steve’s lips, full and pink as any dame’s, parted slick to make way for his breath, and his tongue came out to flicker away the dryness, Bucky tracking its movements all the while.
“Get in here then, you mook,” Steve said, and Bucky swung his legs back in one after the other, shut the window tight even though he knew it would only get hotter in the apartment, and drew the curtains closed. When he turned back around, Steve was pushing their two glorified cots together, and the robe had slipped down further until all of Steve’s back was exposed to Bucky’s eyes, his back and the sweet dimples right above the modest swell of his ass, and just the start of the shadow that hid his tailbone. Bucky swallowed at the way the low lamplight threw shadows across Steve’s body, made the sharp lines and angles of him soft and warm. It made Bucky’s balls grow heavy and his cock surge to full attention.
Steve peeked at him from over a shoulder as the robe dropped fully to the floor. It wasn’t an act, like it might be with some of the dames Bucky had been with. Steve really was that shy, no matter how many times they had nights like this. The sight of him made Bucky want to be tender, made him want to whisper things he ought not to, made him want to bury his face in Steve’s smell and burrow as deep and close as the space between two people’s skins would allow. Instead, Bucky would content himself with the fact that he was allowed to drive away the chill from the shower with his hands. Bucky knew just what Steve wanted, because that was all Bucky ever thought about, even when he knew he should have other things on his mind, like the dame he was out on a date with, or the shipments he was meant to pack. 
Steve got in bed and then stretched out on his stomach, tucking his face into his crossed arms and settling his hips on one of their lumpy pillows. Bucky shucked his shirt and shorts off like the spread of Steve’s thighs was a gilded invitation. He knelt beside him and laid his hand between 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rimming
period-typical attitudes toward sexuality
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

