Chapter 1: Magic Lessons
    


Notes:
Takes place a few months after Ragnarok. Loki is still adjusting to living in Stark Tower, but after an accidental encounter, he realizes that maybe he has more in common with Stark than he realizes...




Chapter Text
“Holy  shit!”Loki flinched, his magic disappearing as he whirled around in the air so he could glare at the Avenger standing in the doorway of his bedroom. “Stark, what are you doing in here? Don’t you know how to knock?” he asked irritably, floating gracefully to the ground.Tony blinked. “Of course I do. Was that seriously your magic? I gotta tell you, I had an appreciation for it back when you invaded, but it’s so much cooler now when you aren’t using it to ravage New York. That was fucking impressive- can you do it again?”“Of course not!” Loki snapped. “My magic is not- it is not for show! It’s not to be put on display so you can judge and mock and  laugh.”“Whoa, that’s not what I meant at all.” Tony held his hands up in a show of surrender. “Did you see yourself? You were fucking upside down! Just floating! Do you know how insane that is? How  impossible it is because of the planet you are on!” Tony’s eyes were wide. “That was awesome!”“You may announce the reason for your presence or leave my bedroom,” Loki said cooly, although a tiny (small) part of him preened under the mortal’s compliments.Tony frowned, no longer looking excited. In fact, he looked...hurt? Loki brushed the thought away just as soon as it came; whether or not he had hurt the mortal was none of his concern. No one was his concern- most definitely not the genius mortal named Stark.  “Well, I was...kinda hoping you could help me with something?” Tony frowned again, looking unsure. “You don’t have to, especially if you’re busy or don’t want to,” he added quickly.“Then I shall bid you farewell.” Loki turned his back on the mortal, summoning his magic once more. When he turned around to see if he was alone, the inventor was gone. For a reason Loki didn’t understand, his chest ached at the realization that he was once again alone.Surprisingly enough, their brief magical chats became a regular occurrence after that. Sometimes Stark would come to ask Loki a question and it would happen by chance that Loki was doing his magic, but after such an encounter occurred for the fourth time, Loki began wondering if Stark wasn’t purposefully seeking him out when he knew Loki was practicing his magic.  Regardless of how it happened, one evening Loki had found himself bored of the same four walls of his bedroom and had transported himself to the lab. On those few occasions when Stark had witnessed his magic, he had always seemed to be in awe of Loki’s magic, which was ultimately why Loki found himself in the lab displaying his magic to the inventor. Stark had been thrilled and had quickly cleared his schedule just so he could watch Loki do his magic.(Loki would be lying if a small part of him didn’t preen under the attention. Someone- minus Frigga- actually seemed to find his magic interesting. And important. It was… amazing.)Loki’s time spent in his bedroom practicing spells became fewer and fewer until he had almost completely devoted his time to being in the lab with the mortal. Stark was most certainly a genius, and Loki loved how he was able to speak freely and yet, be completely understood by the mortal. Their interactions were refreshing, a welcome reprieve to the disgust he was used to when he discussed his Seidr.Although for some reason, Stark had been unbearably tense in the beginning of their first few magical interactions. He appeared almost shy, like he was afraid of being rebuked after going on an excited rant. Loki understood his concern, having been treated the same way, but after a few tricks with his magic, Loki thankfully managed to snap Snark out of his habit of carefully-selecting his words before he spoke.(Stark had been livid when he had drunk from the same cup of coffee a spider had swum around in. Loki hadn’t been able to stop laughing for a solid ten minutes, and in his defense, seeing Stark sputter and spit out a magically-produced spider was hilarious. It had definitely been worth the tongue-lashing Stark had given him- made all the better because that prank had brought on the beginning of a prank war between them.Loki would do it all over again if it would bring about the same end results.) It had been a few months since Stark had first interrupted Loki during his time set aside for practicing his magic, and it had come as quite the surprise for Loki when he realized he actually didn't mind (enjoyed) living in the Compound. He and Stark had actually developed a friendship of sorts, one that depended on sarcasm, dark humor, and an appreciation for the other’s talents, and it was actually acceptable to know that at the end of the day, he was living in a building where he wasn’t ridiculed and hated by everyone.In the end, it was his growing friendship with Stark that caused Lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
kind of
Frostiron Secret Santa
Protective Bruce Banner
Falling In Love
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Not Wanda Friendly

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

