Work Text:
  Clint pressed his thumb to the biometric pad and the door unlocked, the safety light flashing as the countdown began, just enough time to get inside, drop his ready pack on the small padded bench and key in the security code. The little entryway held only the bench and a small table, but the camera in corner near the ceiling blinked as it began recording. Outer door locked firmly behind him, he leaned in for a retinal scan for the interior door.  Breathing a sigh of relief, he walked into the main part of the brownstone, the rich mahogany floor boards squeaking in all the familiar places, lights turning on as he moved into the open concept space. He tossed his uniform jacket onto the brown leather sofa and left his boots on the mat near the kitchen island. The aroma of coffee wafted from the state-of-the-art stainless steel machine that was percolating on the granite countertop. Best choice he’d made during the rehab was wiring the whole place; he’d set the computer to turn up the heat and start the coffee before he’d finished his debrief and headed home.And this place was home. Took a long time to do as much of the work between missions as he could, but now it was his refuge. He loved the brand new restaurant grade gas stove, the crown molding in the dining room that had to be stripped of four levels of old paint, and the claw foot cast iron tub in the guest bathroom he’d salvaged from a tear down three blocks over. Just thinking about sleeping in tomorrow made the stress slide away. Well, that and the eight head massaging shower in the master bathroom. That would be a godsend for his aching muscles, tight from sitting in one position for far too long.He took the stairs two at a time, not stopping at the second floor office and guest rooms, but going on up to the master suite at the top and right into the bathroom to start the water. His uniform went down the laundry chute before he stepped into the warm spray. He’d gone with a tankless water heater so he could stay until the knots began to release and he started to feel human again. As he stepped out onto the mat, he was planning what to order for dinner, probably Thai or sushi, when his cell phone rang. The name on the display surprised him; he picked it up and answered immediately.“Reisa?” He asked. “What’s happened?”She’d never call him if there wasn’t a problem; Reisa Zuryev was as competent a woman in her own right as Natasha Romanov.  One of his oldest friends, Reisa’s past was colorful and dark just like Clint’s. They’d first met during Clint’s circus years; the Zuryevs were a family of animal trainers and they wintered over in the same town as Carson did.“He’s here again, love.” Well, damn. Reisa had a nose for trouble; if she thought someone was dangerous then they were. “And that’s not all. We have a guest who used Jason Howard’s name to gain entrance.”Double damn and hell. Howard was a cover name Clint had created about six years ago for a S.H.I.E.L.D. sting; he’d used Reisa’s place to meet, luring the mark there to gain his trust. They’d taken him down in the Ukraine after a long operation, another successful shut down of an arms trail that ran from the U.S. to Singapore. That name set off warning bells in Clint’s head because only a handful of S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives would know to use it.“I’m on the way, maybe 20 minutes.” He entered the walk-in, pulling a pair of comfortable jeans and a Ralph Lauren grey Henley as he talked. “Keep them in one of the common rooms until I get there.”“Already done. And Clint? Come armed.” She ended the call.In five, he was ready to go, taking the Varvados leather jacket as he clattered down to the main level and out to the garage. The bike was the fastest way to get where he was going; he donned his helmet and let himself out of the back. As the engine roared to life, he remembered just how much he loved the Ducati, revving it once just for the fun of it. The ride was entirely too short; he needed to take that drive up to New England he’d been thinking about sometime soon. Rolling to a stop in front of a non-descript home on East 64th, he cut the engine as a floppy haired young man stepped up to the curb. Dressed in pressed khakis and a black jacket, he reached out for Clint’s keys.“Nice to see you, Mr. Barton,” he said, but his eyes slid over the bike’s curves, love at first sight. “Is that a Ducati? A Streetfighter?” He whistled appreciatively.“You know your bikes, Jake.” Clint laughed as he handed over his helmet and ran a hand through his hair. “How’s NYU going? Pre-law still your major?”Jake grimaced and scrunched up his brown eyes. “Nah, I’m over that now. You were right; I should have gone with my first love. Switched to history at the end of last semester. Haven’t told the folks yet.”“Hey, if you don’t do what you love, you’ll regret it. Can’t live someone else’s dream.” Clint headed for the wooden door.“Thanks for coming,” Jake said softly, and Clint only nodded in response. Everyone who wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
BDSM
sub!Phil
dom!Clint
Role Reversal
self-respecting bdsm clubs
Self-Doubt
Mildly Dubious Consent
but Phil signed the form
and named Clint
soooooooo .....
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Happy Ending
as always
do i write anything else?

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

