Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

spacelaska and chaed present

BEYOND THE WALLS OF SLEEP




Chapter 1
 
There were bad ideas. And then there was this idea.
The mission briefing was a tense affair. Fury generally looked like he was pretty much brimming over with barely contained temper but today there was an edge of something else. Like he was actually nervous.
It started with Jarvis. A distress call, barely legible, picked up through some of the equipment they'd been tinkering with, a radio frequency which had been frustratingly silent for years.
Bruce had barely looked up at the time, absorbed in something entirely unrelated. In the early days it wasn't uncommon for them to pick up junk signals from here, there and everywhere, before they'd fine tuned the frequency, cast a tighter net. And had ultimately ended up with static silence.
Jarvis had ensured authenticity of the message, a primitive nine-element signal in Morse code pistoning away from Somewhere, Outer Space. And the curious thing was, Jarvis insisted that he’d accurately identified the the sender: the signal had come from himself.
From then it had been a flurry of activity. Bruce had assumed, not unreasonably, that his involvement would end after he'd traced an approximate origin point and passed all the information on to SHIELD and James Rhodes.
Rhodes was more than capable of handling things from there as far as tracking the signal went. The hype subsided a little when they realized they were dealing with a two-year old mayday that was only still broadcasting because it ran on a loop. Remote scanning of the area where the signal originated hadn't thrown up anything but empty space, either.
So it was a coldly unpleasant surprise to be called in to see Fury and be informed that they wanted him, Bruce Banner of all people, to go into space. He'd spent a good forty minutes arguing precisely why that was a terrible idea and surely someone, anyone else could go along as the resident scientific advisor. Someone who had a slightly more normal response to stress, perhaps. But he'd somehow ended up steamrollered into it anyway, not even slightly mollified by Maria Hill's repeated assurances that it had been over four years without a spontaneous incident and he'd probably be fine. The 'probably' was the killer.
Judging from the faces around the briefing table, Bruce wasn't the only one who'd been forcibly persuaded by Nick Fury. Steve Rogers looked positively depressed at the idea and normally he perked right up like an eager puppy when someone threw him a good old-fashioned rescue mission. Natasha was entirely unreadable, as ever. Only Rhodes seemed keen to get the show on the road, champing at the bit.
It wasn't that Bruce didn't want to help. He'd been trying to help for four years. It was why he'd moved into Stark Tower at Pepper's request instead of going back to India after the disaster that had been Manhattan. It was why he was pulling all-nighters fine tuning equipment that had little to no hope of yielding anything productive. He just hadn't envisaged that helping would lead to him getting shanghaied into a space mission.
So here they were, four years after Tony Stark had flown a nuke through a portal and never come back in an act of self-sacrifice which had ultimately been futile. Three and a half years since they'd beat back the last of the Chitauri invaders, with an immeasurable death toll, an unimaginable cost in human life. Three years after Tony had been declared legally dead, after his funeral and the public outpouring of grief that had come with it.
Bruce was under no illusions. He didn't share Rhodes' wild hope and optimism, that restless brimming energy which radiated off him in waves. He didn't share Natasha's quiet confidence either, or Steve's palpable anger at having to step in and clean up Tony Stark's mess, four years on.
No, this wasn't a rescue mission, not even close. They were going out there to bring back a corpse.
If they were lucky.
“Fury's lost his mind,” Steve declared as they sat around waiting for things to kick off. Bruce didn't normally agree with the supersoldier on many things, but on this he was in complete accordance. “This is a shot in the dark at best… and no offense, Dr Banner, but I have no idea what you're doing here.”
“None taken,” Bruce replied mildly. He fiddled with the strap on his bag and wondered himself how exactly he'd ended up in this situation. He shamefully suspected that he might have been more firm on not coming if it wasn't for the fact that Natasha was going. But it didn't do to admit that.
There was the matter of Pepper too. He'd never seen, up close and in such excruciating detail, what just the right cocktail of grief and hope could do to a person. If there was a chance that bringing Tony's body home would bring her some closure, it was worth it. Of course, there was always the outside chance that they might find him alive
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanoff (implied)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (it's complicated)
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Tony
Science Bros
Chitauri - Freeform
Drug Use
Tony Has Issues
Bruce Is a Good Bro
Protective Rhodey
Natasha Is Not A Robot
BAMF Pepper
Implied/Referenced Torture
PTSD
Dysfunctional Team Dynamics
Mental Health Issues
Suicide Attempt
Explicit Sexual Content
Dubious Consent
Heavy Angst
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Body Horror
Amputation
Whump
Tony-centric
Pepperony - Freeform
Injury Recovery
Canon Divergence - Avengers (2012)
shifty SHIELD
this is literally the Endgame trailer come to life
Tony in Space
deep space horror
Survival
4 days? try 4 YEARS of space isolation

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanoff (implied)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (it's complicated)
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

