Chapter 1: Being on the Avengers Shit List
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
He was being chased by Iron Man.He, Peter Parker - no, Spider-Man - was being chased by the billionaire Avenger Tony Stark through the streets of New York at two in the freaking morning like he was some common criminal.Though, now that he thought about it, Iron Man didn’t do common criminals, that was more of his shtick.Still.He was being chased by the Iron Man, and it was hardly on his list of things that he wanted to do in his life. Not many people wanted an angry man encased in destructive armor plating with the ability to fly hunting them down.Maybe Deadpool did, but he had that whole life/death complex thing. Spider-Man didn’t. Spider-Man very much had every intention to stay uncaught and very, very far away from the pursuing Avenger.He swore wildly to himself as he swung through the streets as fast as he could, veering and zigzagging away from his pursuer like a frightened gazelle.“Shit shit shit.”This was not good. This was very not good. This was incredibly, very, extremely not good - shit.This was all one incredibly huge misunderstanding. Yes, he had been avoiding the Avengers the moment that he realized that they were aware of ‘Spider-Man’ and his ‘vigilante justice’, and yes, perhaps his complete avoidance of them was doing nothing for his image, and yes, maybe he did let the press assume that he was some rogue mutant dealing out his own kind of home brew crime fighting...However, if they knew him, they would understand. They would understand the steps he was taking, and understand why he didn’t want to meet them.The Avengers were connected to S.H.I.E.L.D and connected to the government, and connected to all sorts of people that wanted all sorts of control over people like him.He wasn’t stupid – he saw the news. He saw how people with different powers were treated. Saw the struggles of Professor Xavier’s’ school for mutants. Saw the struggles of Magneto and his rogue crew. He saw the struggles of the Avengers even, seeing how hard it was to do what was right when under a sort of choke-hold collar.He knew that if it were known, who he was and what he was, it could - and probably would - come to a complete stop.Spider-Man wouldn’t let that happen.He had to be there for the city. He had to save people.Even if it meant going under the stigma of being a ‘local menace’, knowing that he was all about protecting the little guys made all the difference.He’d take a thousand insults his way if it meant saving one person from being hurt, or even killed, on the streets.Spider-Man wasn’t about to let people in powerful places assume was was right for the little guy. He had powers now, and he was going to use them right.Nobody had a say over that.So; this was all a big misunderstanding – one that he unfortunately can never properly clarify. It was safer that way. Safer for him, safer for his aunt May. Safer for everybody.It was just unfortunate that recently he was being painted in an unfavourable light by the police, the news, social media – no matter what he did.These last few months sucked, and as far as he was aware, he had done nothing wrong.He was only trying to help.It was like there was some sort of city-wide vendetta against him, someone got it in their head that he wasn’t helping anyone at all, and it just caught on like wild-fire.It just wasn’t fair.It also wasn’t fair that a pack of rogue mutants decided to try to blow up a bank that night. It hadn’t been his fault that he didn’t know that the Avengers were on the case of this particular criminal organization, and it also wasn’t his fault that he decided to flee when he saw them – because he just couldn’t ever risk associating with them.He just couldn’t.Spider-Man’s mental ramblings cut to a halt when he nearly collided into the solid metal of Iron Man’s body. His spider-sense saving him at the last second, flipping in the air as he swung and used the hero as a spring-board to change directions like some deranged frog.As he sped away rapidly, he heard Iron Man’s voice let out an exasperated, “Oh, come on!” before he, apparently, began to call for backup.Even with super-hearing, he was too far away to hear who exactly the billionaire was calling, and his heart was way too far up in his throat for him to focus that hard anyway.He just had to get away.“Oh you done fucked up big time, Spider-Man,” he rambled to himself hysterically, as he turned the corner and tried to hide himself by winding through tight alleys, “You done fucked up real good.”Why was this his life now?He stuck to a wall for a second, taking a breather, and quickly reloading his web-shooters.Spider-Man’s hands shook as he reloaded them, and he wondered through the thick blanket of panic just who Iron Man had decided to call to help capture him.Captain America? Thor? The Hulk?He half wondered if it would be the Hulk as he launched himself back into the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Peter is 15
Misunderstandings
Superfamily
Tony has a heart
Hurt Peter
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Meeting
mild violence
No Spoilers
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Peter Parker Joins the Avengers
eventual family
Drama
Poor Peter
Secret Identity
Severe Misunderstandings
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Protective Steve Rogers
Panic Attacks
Deaf Clint Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Clint Barton
Not Canon Compliant
Conspiracy
Language

fandom: 
None
