Work Text:
It was three days before the first complaints arose.
Which was not to say that the days before were quiet, exactly. But the people were...subdued. Overwhelmed, and bewildered, and numb. Their entire world was gone, destroyed, and they’d been cast adrift with only remnants of everything that had been theirs. 
Loki knew the feeling. 
There were still wounded that needed tending, and various logistical matters to attend to, and scuffles that broke out and either resolved themselves or were resolved without interference. Loki spent most of the time sleeping and avoiding Thor, two activities that occupied him enough to avoid getting bored. The former was because he was, to put it simply, tired. Helping to defeat the Goddess of Death and destroying your own home Realm was exhausting. 
The latter was more complicated. 
I’m here, he’d said, and Thor’s smile had shifted, broadened, warmed. A reminder of everything he’d tried to forget, as this entire nightmare had been a reminder, how easily they slipped back into old, familiar patterns like all the intervening time had never been. 
Finally, Thor said, impatient and fond and amused all at once. 
Loki hadn’t seen him since, with the exception of the coronation, where he carefully avoided Thor’s attempts to catch his attention. The simple fact was that he did not know what to do. Did not know where he fit into this strange new world, did not know how to settle, hardly even knew who he was. 
At some point, he would need to figure that out, but thus far he’d managed to avoid trying. He was doing a lot of avoiding, these days: Thor, the Hulk, the Valkyrie, and himself, among other things.
It seemed he could not avoid everything, however. 
“Prince Loki,” said the wide-eyed, earnest-looking young man standing in front of him. “Might I beg a moment of your time?” 
“You might,” Loki said after a pause, hoping his surprise wasn’t visible. Tensing reflexively. Now that the first rush of relief was over, it was possible that some of Asgard’s people would have questions. 
His brief role as savior of Asgard might be coming to a rapid end. 
“We...my sister and I, that is, we only wished to convey a concern to King Thor, and thought perhaps you could…” He trailed off, nervous. Loki’s eyebrows twitched. 
“What sort of concern?” 
“Well,” the young man said, sounding somewhat more sure of himself, “there were some questions about the accommodations. Namely the allocation of rooms. My sister has three children, and all of us are staying in one small room, but in the very next berth Hilda Gunnarsdottir has claimed an entire room for her own and refuses to share. And there are the Centaurians across the hall who are awake at all hours doing Norns know what-”
Loki blinked. “And you want me to...convey this to Thor.” 
He cut off abruptly. “Yes?” 
And why are you asking me and not going directly to him, was on the tip of Loki’s tongue, but he looked so...hopeful. 
“All right,” he said slowly. “What is your name? And your sister’s?” 
“Alfdi Agnarsson,” he said, melting. “And she is Vedis Agnarsdottir. Thank you, Prince Loki.”
Don’t thank me until I’ve done something, Loki thought, but said aloud, “I’ll see what might be done.” 
Alfdi’s smile almost made him wince, though it was only visible for a moment before it vanished in the bow that bent him in half. 
Oh, Norns, Loki thought, what are you doing? Are you really going to play intermediary for Asgard’s peasantry?

Apparently he was. 
“Thor,” he said, standing awkwardly in the doorway of his brother’s room. “It seems there are some...difficulties with the accommodations.” 
Thor turned around and Loki flinched again at the sight of his new eyepatch. Simple, not a trace of gilding or metal, but it was still…
He did wish he could have had the chance to claw one of Hela’s eyes out in recompense. Pity. 
“With your accommodations?” Thor said, eyebrows going up. 
“No,” Loki said. “With Alfdi Agnarsson and his sister Vedis’s accommodations. It seems there has been some unequal distribution of space. And perhaps some, ah. Friction between Asgard’s people and our...companions from Sakaar.”
“The first time you speak to me in days and this is what it is about?” Loki wasn’t sure whether it was gratifying or insulting that Thor looked surprised. He supposed it probably depended on why Thor was surprised. 
Loki shrugged. “I was asked to intercede.” 
“You were?” 
That was certainly insulting. “Yes,” Loki said. “I was. Sometimes people are not comfortable approaching their king directly, and your reputation is such - particularly at the moment - that you aren’t exactly approachable.”
“And you are,” Thor said. 
“Of course,” Loki said, “I am the savior of Asgard.” He kept his voice dry. Thor’s lips twitched a little but his eye, studying Loki, was serious. It was uncomfortable how much Thor had grown up when Loki wasn’t looking. He didn’t think he liked it. 
Certainly not when it led to him lying on the floor twitching while Thor walked away because
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Other Background Relationships - Relationship

freeform: 
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Post-Canon
Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Spoilers
Mostly Canon Compliant
Angst
Siblings
tying up some emotional loose ends
Brothers
POV Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Emotional Baggage
casual references to alcoholism
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
i just have a lot of feelings
the logistical difficulties of having an entire people on a ship

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Other Background Relationships - Relationship

