Chapter 1: Past The Limits
    




Chapter Text
It comes less than a month after Ragnarok. Loki figures it was inevitable, what with all the fucking they’ve been doing. (Thor calls it making love, and Loki scoffs every time, though something in his heart always aches a little). It feels as if Loki has barely left Thor’s bed in the weeks since that first night on the ship, when a hug had turned into something more.Though he hadn’t exactly been chomping at the bit to learn more about Jötunn biology when he had first discovered his true heritage, Loki had read just enough to understand how his body worked. And it had made him feel even more like some sort of base monster, if that was possible.Jötunar possessed two biological traits that set them apart from the Aesir. First, Frost Giants were all intersex. Each individual could sire and also carry a child, which partner performed what role was usually decided by who managed to mount the other first during coupling. The glamour Odin had initially placed on Loki when he took him from Jötunheimr had made Loki outwardly male. Out of habit, Loki had taken to continuing to present himself that way. A part of Loki knows that he also keeps the glamours up to avoid being ridiculed by his bedmates. No-one has ever seen his true form, not really.Secondly, Jötunar underwent a sort of…heat. Loki hates that word. It makes him feel like some sort of broodmare. The heat could happen up to three times a year, though often it only happened once or twice. It wasn’t on a set cycle, either. Jötunn heats were triggered by the presence of a biologically compatible mate, as well as an…emotional component. The heat could not be triggered without the Jötunn having a strong emotional bond with their chosen partner. The textbooks Loki had read mentioned this was likely to increase the chances that the subsequent offspring grew up in a stable environment. The fact that there’s a scientific explanation for it doesn’t make Loki feel any better.The ship itself is artificially kept humid, and with their turning off the cooling system in order to preserve energy as well as the sheer volume of bodies crammed into one place, Loki is always hot. His Aesir form can handle the temperature, though not as well as the true-blood Asgardians that he’s surrounded by. Sometimes, on nights when Thor is too busy to share his bed, Loki flops on the cold floor of his quarters and lets his glamours unwind. He watches dully as ice crystals form on the walls around him, and blows out gusty breaths of frigid air. His room stays relatively cool for a couple hours after, even when he’s transformed back into his pale, peach skin.Loki figures this is why he doesn’t realize what’s happening to him until a couple days into his cycle. He’s laying in bed with Thor after one of their…bouts when he groans and rolls out from under the sweaty arm Thor has thrown possessively over his waist.“Did we turn on the heat?” He asks, and Thor cracks his eye open to peer down at him.“No, I don’t believe so. Why do you ask?”“I’m melting,” Loki whinges, sitting up and gathering his sweat-damp hair at the base of his neck. “It feels like an Asgardian summer in here.”“Well we did just perform some…vigorous exercise,” Thor teases suggestively, and then yelps when Loki gives him an elbow to the ribs.Loki swings his legs over the side of the bed, groaning a bit at the soreness in his thighs and lower back, and a strange new soreness in his groin that he writes off to Thor’s earlier enthused fellatio session. “I’m going to take a cold shower,” He declares, before glancing over his shoulder at the King of Asgard, who has splayed out like a starfish in Loki’s share of the bed. “I suggest you do too, if you don’t want to wake up plastered to the sheets.”“Why do I have a feeling that you have ulterior motives in mind than just my comfort?” His brother asks with a faint smirk, and Loki gives him the eye.“Fine, go to bed covered in come. See if I care.”They go another two rounds in the shower, and Loki comes out of it just as hot as he was before. When he sleeps, he does so on top of the sheets, kicking Thor to the far side of the mattress. That doesn’t last long, though, as Loki wakes not much later with his oaf of a brother spooned up against his back.Two days after that, his seiðr begins to unwind. Loki very rarely loses control of his magic, the last time being when Frigga had died. He’s in the midst of healing a burn one of Thor’s fellow ex-contenders sustained while fiddling with a faulty wire when the aquamarine light coming from his fingertips whips back and bowls Loki over. When he comes back to himself, blinking stars from his eyes, he realizes it’s left a deep cut across his cheek. Apologizing profusely to the gob smacked-looking being, Loki beats a hasty retreat back to his quarters.The constant heat, his sorcery, the odd, persistent ache in his abdomen, they all begin to make sense, and Loki watches in horror as blue begins to eat at hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Intersex Loki
Jötunn Loki
Post-Ragnarok
Dirty Talk
Thor doesn't mind
Jötunar get freaky
Mpreg
Loki should really communicate better
forced outing of pregnancy
hits the angst hard
but will have a happy ending
Breeding Kink
Pregnancy sex
mentioned jeff goldblum
Pregnancy Kink
Thor is a teddy bear
The Boys Learn Parenting 101
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

