Work Text:
The year Bucky turned seven, he met Steve Rogers and got his soulmark. This was not a coincidence.Bucky met Steve while he was taking a shortcut through a back alley walking home from school. This wasn't a coincidence either. Steve and back alleys were already well known to each other at this point. Bucky showing up just as the smaller and younger boy was getting the crap beat out of him was far more of an inevitability than anything fateful or serendipitous. As was Bucky dropping his books and throwing himself into the fray, on the rightful assumption that the three much larger boys were the bad guys."Run!" he shouted at the little kid, who couldn't've been more than five, in the glimpse Bucky got of him before he was too busy defending himself to pay more attention. Bucky's daddy had been teaching him how to box since he was six, but three against one were bad odds for anyone. And the little kid wasn't running.Nope. The little kid, who already had a big red circle on his cheek that was going to be one hell of a bruise, pulled his tiny, angry self to his tiny, angry feet and tried to tackle one of the three boys. He ended up dangling off his back like an enraged monkey, then shaken back to the grimy pavement.The little kid ended up gasping on the ground, leaving Bucky unable to implement Plan A, which had been to get in a few good licks then get the hell out of there while the getting was good. Now the getting was very, very bad, and Bucky was all alone against three boys who seemed to get bigger and nastier the longer they fought him.Bucky already had a bloody nose and a sore stomach. His daddy taught him how to take a hit, but George Barnes always went very, very easy on him, something that in retrospect might have given his only son a dangerously elevated sense of confidence. Confidence that was rapidly eroding now that he'd been backed against the wall and wasn't sure he'd get home with all his teeth.And that was when the goose showed up.
We all have soulmates, and every soulmate pair shares an animal guide. The Guide is there to lead you to your One True Love, and they represent the aspects of the psyche that you both share. They appear when you're about to meet your soulmate, and often materialize in moments of great personal crisis, offering hope and support. There are stories upon stories about how someone's Guide appeared to lead them to their One True, or how the barest glimpse of their Guide eased their hearts and gave them hope in the midst of despair. The newly-rescued almost always attribute their Guide with giving them the strength and courage to hang on.Animal Guides are ephemeral, ethereal, and elusive. They are, most often, no more than a warm presence or flicker out of the corner of one's eye. They are incarnate symbols of perseverance, optimism and hope. Foretellers of happiness, and the grand destiny of love.Except for geese. Geese are assholes.
The goose that appeared out of nowhere was big and white, with a beak and feet that were bright orange. The most remarkable thing about it was being a goose in a back alley in Brooklyn, though at that moment Bucky had three bigger things to worry about. Until the goose hissed like a kettle boiling the blood of its enemies and launched itself at the boys.It hadn't looked nearly so big or formidable before. But with its wings spread and feet scrabbling and beak pecking like a bright orange dagger, the goose resembled an angel of death honking in rage like the horns of Jericho. Even Bucky was terrified, and it was apparently on his side. Bucky's assailants screamed and ran.The goose chased them to the end of the alley, honking and flaring its wings. When it was satisfied that the boys were gone, it ruffled its feathers and waddled back, looking pleased with itself. It stopped in front of Bucky, tilting its head to gaze up at him with one sky blue eye. A little threateningly, Bucky thought.Then the goose leapt up and bit him on the arm."Ow!" Bucky kicked at the goose, but she (the goose was a girl) sidestepped like a prize fighter and then threw herself at him just like she did with the boys. She pecked at him and clawed his shirt and beat her wings like she was trying to box Bucky's ears. Bucky ended up with his back against the same wall and his forearms crossed desperately in front of his face, screaming for help.An empty can hit the wall about three feet from Bucky's head. "Hey! Leave him alone!" the little kid yelled. He picked up another can and threw it. This one hit Bucky's shin. But it got the goose's attention.The goose dropped to the pavement, and ran-waddled at the little kid, who stood there like he was so scared he'd forgotten how to run. She honked at him and pecked his knee right under the hem of his shorts, making the little kid yelp too. Then she waddled to the mouth of the alley, hissing over her shoulder for good measure, and vanished."What was that?" The little kid rubbed his leg, which was red as his face and would p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Carol Danvers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (implied)
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soul Bond
Alternate Canon
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst
Angst and Feels
I Wrote Angst with Geese
Angst with a Happy Ending
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Care and Feeding of Feral Winter Soldiers
Hydra are dicks
Geese Are Assholes
Graphic Depictions of Goose Violence
Animal Abuse
As in Abuse by Animals
Possible Goose-Related Stockholm Syndrome
Tumblr: imaginetonyandbucky
The Author Regrets Everything
Geese
Do Not Copy To Another Site Without My Permission (This Does Not Include AO3 Archives)
Alternate Universe - The Soulmate Goose of Enforcement

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Carol Danvers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (implied)
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

