Work Text:
(1)
„No, you can go. Dad’s going to be here any minute.” Peter smiled reassuring.“You sure, honey? I could try and ask Harold to go and catch Penny.”Ned’s mum looked at him uncomfortably. She had completely lost track of time while watching her favorite TV-show at home and forgot to pick up the boys in time. The two boys were out watching a movie at the theatre, but didn’t really mind when Mrs. Leeds car was nowhere in sight. Ned knew what she wanted to do tonight and almost didn’t expect anything else. Without further ado they moved over to the nearby playground, sat on the swings and went crazy over their new Lego project plans, only glancing over to the parking lot every now and then to check if she finally came running. As time went by they caught the attention of two police men, who surprised them with the not-that-much-of-a-choice offer to go and wait at the police station as Ned finally called his mum.It only took 15 minutes for her to stumble into the station with what felt like a million possible ways to apologize. As she wanted to leave with the two of them, the chief – quite a tall guy – stepped in Peter’s way and ruined their fun lego night plans with the news that he had also called Peter’s father and that he was already on his way.The reason Mrs. Leeds felt even more uncomfortably was that she had also to go and pick up Penny from her friend’s house, where she was meant to spend the night but apparently didn’t feel too well and wanted to come home. What a night.“Honestly. You don’t have to stay and wait. I’m total fine here.” Peter grinned and pointed to the vending machine. “They even have snacks!”Although she was still not very happy over this development Mrs. Leeds slowly started nodding. “Alright, but call in case you need us anyway. Does your mobile still have enough battery?”“Mum! He’s got the new STRARK mobile. It never runs out of it.” Ned rolled his eyes. Did she expect Peter Stark to run around with an old Nokia?“I'll call if I need anything. Promise.” Peter walked over to one of the benches and made himself comfortable. “But I’ll be fine.”Ned waved at his friend and pushed his mother to the exit. “Don’t push me Ned! See you later, Peter!” And Ned added a quick “I’ll call you tomorrow” as they both disappeared into the night.Only two minutes later, Peter just studied over the variety of snacks, Chief Harris appeared behind him and pulled him with harsh words to the back of the building. “You can’t wait here. We don’t wanna spend our time babysitting you.”“No one has to babysit me.”, Peter defended himself as he tried to slip out of the man’s grip. “Miraculously enough, I can actually take care of myself.”Almost slipping free, Harris tightened his grip around Peters arm and pulled him down the corridor. Peter tried to squirm away, but it only made him wince in pain.“Ever since you stepped into the station, we are the ones responsible for you – Peter Stark.”, he almost spit his name out. “And we don’t want anything to happen to our VIP.” Peter bend down, hoping to ease the pain caused by the ruthless grip as Harris suddenly pulled him up with a rough motion.Peter yelped as he got thrown forward. He tried to catch himself before he’d hit the ground, but didn’t see the ledge fast enough and hit its edge with his cheek.His heart was racing like crazy as he moaned and tried to push himself up to turn around and see whatever Harris was doing next. But before he could even turn his head, something pushed him down flat on the ground and squeezed all the air out of his lungs. Chief Harris was half standing on the whining boy and displaced his weight further and further onto Peter's back.He laughed at the sight underneath him. “What? You don’t like that, VIP? It’s usually the other way around isn’t it? You looking down on others. Well, that’s what it feels like. Not that good, right?”Peter didn’t understand what was happening. He'd heard the way Harris said his name, so it was clear that the man knew exactly who he was, who his father was. But so what. He didn’t do anything wrong. Neither did his dad. He never looked down on others. He never would. It was usually the other way around in school.His vision started to blur since he could barely breathe. He desperately tried to get at least some air into his lungs, but it was nearly impossible. Tears were long running down his face, due to pain, fear and the lack of oxygen.A sudden relief was streaming through his body as the pressure on his back lightened slightly. Harris bend down to him and ran his hand through Peter's hair. Peter turned away from the unwanted touch, when his head got pulled up harshly.“... why…”, was all he could get out as more tears streamed down his face.Harris cupped his chin with one hand and bend down even further. “I hate guys like you. Guys that were born with silver spoons in their mouths.” He hissed in Peter’s ear. “I admit this might be a bit drastic, but you should learn that life isn't only made out of su
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
dad tony
son peter
Protective Tony Stark
peter whump
Hurt Peter
One Shot
Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Worried Tony Stark
Father-Son Relationship
Parent Tony Stark
Dad!Tony
Angry Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Police
Police Brutality
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
No Spidey Powers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

