Work Text:
Tony moaned as Steve pulled out of him again, pressing soft, wet kisses down over his back, his spine. He was trembling, felt hot, but the main thing it was hard not to focus on was how wet and open his ass felt around Steve’s (hot, thick, still mostly hard) dick as it slid back and out of him (damn, so easily).  Tony buried his face in his arm, gasping, and moaned again.  He felt so hot all over.“Are you okay?” Steve murmured against the back of his neck, big, warm hand coming up to stroke through Tony’s sweaty hair.  “We don’t have to keep going, you know.  We can stop. No big deal.”“It—it feels like a big deal to, to me,” Tony managed to pant out, after a second.  “That’s a very big deal you have in your pants, handsome.”“Tony,” Steve groaned, letting his forehead, sweaty and warm even against Tony’s sweaty skin (he was making him sweat, Tony thought with a glow of pride that made him want to squirm against the sheets), slide down against Tony’s shoulder.  “Was that a joke about the size of my dick?”“W-wasn’t it obvious?” Tony asked, even if it came out gasping and breathless.  “Maybe I need to—to work on my delivery.”“Maybe I need to go harder, if you can still make jokes like that,” Steve muttered.“No, no,” Tony said, smiling against the bed.  “There’s nothing wrong with your delivery, hot stuff.”Steve’s hand slid down his back, rubbed gently at the sweat-slick small of it, the base of his spine. “I don’t know,” he said.  “You’re making a pretty fast comeback for someone who was breathless and moaning on my cock like he couldn’t even remember his own name a minute ago.”“I’m, uh, punch-drunk, from your dick,” Tony informed him, a warm flush sweeping over him at that, because it was true, he’d been a wreck while Steve was fucking him.  He did feel more than a little giddy, dragging in huge lungfuls of musky, sex-warm air.  “I’m not responsible for my actions.  How many times have you gotten off inside me now?”“Mmm,” Steve said, hand circling in warm, firm circles at the base of Tony’s spine, rubbing in gently so that muscles that had been wanting to tighten, to clench up, went loose and soft under his fingers, and Tony groaned again, felt himself flutter and leak out a little more of Steve’s come, and flushed.  “Four times, I think.  So … five if you count how you sucked me off first.”“Mmm, let’s count that,” Tony mumbled.  He could still taste Steve on his tongue, down his throat, the taste of his musk, the sweetish-salty flavor of his come.  “After all, the come’s definitely inside me, right?”Steve laughed, pressed his flushed cheek to Tony’s shoulder.  “Tony,” he said, again, then, “Yeah, well, I guess so.”“I know so,” Tony said, and it came out of him breathy and soft.  His mind felt so—so soft, full and empty at the same time, his body sore and aching but light, almost fizzy, his stomach swooping on every breath.  He felt giddy, light, lightheaded.  He laughed a little, couldn’t seem to help it. “And I—I’m the one it’s all inside of, so I should know, right?”“I take it back,” Steve said, pressing soft kisses over his shoulders now.  “You are pretty out of it, aren’t you, mister?”“I am good at, at babbling even when my brain’s, uh, uh, mush,” Tony told him.  Steve’s hands, both of them, smoothed up over his back, massaging deep into the muscles, and Tony groaned, head lolling against the covers. His mouth felt wet.  “It’s a skill I, I … developed.  You wouldn’t believe how handy it’s been over the years, actually.”“I think I would believe it, motor mouth,” Steve said, kissing the back of his neck gently, so soft and warm that Tony felt his face go hot, buried it against the bed, hiding it under his arm.  Steve’s hands slid up, rubbed at his shoulders.  “Since I’ve been on the receiving end once or twice, I’m pretty sure, plus, I’ve seen you pull my fat out of the fire with that more than once. Listen, are you feeling okay?  Are you good to keep going?”“Yeah,” Tony breathed. Steve was rubbing at the back of his neck now, one hand coming up, carding through his hair, then sliding back down, along over his back.  “I’m, I’m good, sweetie.”“Are you sure?” Steve said. “Tell me if anything hurts, all right? Even if you want to keep going.  I will, I just gotta know.” “It … it doesn’t hurt,” Tony finally managed, trying to do an inventory of his body even though his mind felt thick and slow, like honey, all sweet and sticky.  His thighs felt wet, his hole hot and raw and wet and—and open, his insides oversensitive, twitching and tender, loose and wet and quivering against the cool air he could feel inside when he shifted.  He felt very puffy and soft, open and wet, and it wasn’t a feeling he was used to.  But it didn’t hurt, not really.  There was a little soreness, a raw hot prickle against the air where he felt so open and raw, but—Steve had been careful, kept him so slick and wet he could feel lube trickling out of him right along with Steve’s come, now.  It didn’t hurt.  His muscles were a litt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Established Relationship
Fisting
Anal Fisting
Intense Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
anal stretching
Stretching
Anal Gaping
Anal Play
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Multiple Orgasms
Dry Orgasm
Overstimulation
Subspace
Sub Tony Stark
Sub Tony
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Steve
gentle dom Steve Rogers
Gentle Dom Steve
Comeplay
Aftercare
Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

