Work Text:

I.
Outside the Baxter Building, it was a lovely day. There wasn't a cloud in the sky, it wasn't so hot as to be stifling, and probably even the birds were singing in Central Park. Really, Tony should be out there -- well, "out there" in the sense of videoconferencing his ass off in order to recruit investors for Stark Resilient -- and not stuck away in the Baxter Building, disassembling alien technology with Reed. But given the choice between wearing his favourite suit and schmoozing with people who hated everything they thought they knew about him, or wearing his favourite work-in-the-lab jeans and tank top while working on tech that he knew nothing about... really, what choice was there?
The work table between Tony and Reed was covered in a myriad of parts of differing sizes, all of them belonging to the device sitting in the middle of the surface. Tony glared at the thing. S.H.I.E.L.D. -- no, the Avengers, he reminded himself, and rolled his eyes again at Steve's decision for renaming S.H.I.E.L.D. -- had dropped it off the day before, and all they knew about it so far, besides the fact that it was salvage from the various pieces of Skrull wreckage that still lay scattered around the city, was that it was supposed to be some sort of memory-transfer device. It was only about fourteen inches square, featureless except for the few ports on one side. Presumably there was at least a light to show power, but as they had yet to be able to get the damned thing to work, that was still unknown.
Even though he'd spent more time than he could remember in Reed's laboratory, he never failed to feel a surge of awe when he was there. The high-arching ceiling was almost invisible beneath the support struts and devices hanging from them, the random lights from Reed's varied inventions reflecting in the floor-to-ceiling windows even in the daylight that was only partially muffled by the tinting in the glass. The sheer scale of it all made his own lab look tiny... well, no. At this point, it just emphasized how empty his lab currently was.
"I think you were right. Even if you were just guessing." Reed's voice was barely audible, his words muffled by the device he was peering through.
Tony raised his eyebrows as he looked up, the overhead lights reflecting oddly from his goggles as he pushed them up onto his forehead.
Reed didn't toss out casual compliments, although his choice of words rubbed Tony the wrong way. Tony reminded himself that this was Reed, and he of all people shouldn't complain about getting compliments now, no matter how backhanded. At least he could feel halfway normal while poking around at scraps of Skrull technology, even if he couldn't actually remember any of the events that had led to the Avengers having them.
"Really? And I wasn't guessing. Even if you thought I was," he replied, hands pausing in their disassembling of the panel in front of him. He stretched, muscles sore from remaining in one place for too long while he concentrated on his work, wincing as his back popped. They had been at this for hours, after all. He vaguely remembered Sue's long-suffering expression when she'd stopping in earlier to check on them, affection clearly written underneath the exasperation, until she'd turned to him and it had been replaced with pleasant neutrality. With the ease of long practice, Tony reflexively shoved that unpleasant thought into the back of his mind. This wasn't the time to start feeling sorry for himself just because someone he'd considered one of his oldest friends now hated him for reasons he couldn't even remember. Sue wasn't even first in line for that honour. For that, she'd have to arm-wrestle Thor... or Steve.
Another wince crossed his face at the thought of his one-time best friend. He should be happy that they were at least on polite speaking terms now, he knew, but he missed the old days so much, missed the late-night conversations in the library and the joking and the overall closeness. None of it came anywhere near what he wanted, but he'd always known that it was as much as he could get, and he'd forced himself to be content with that. For years, he'd managed to to convince himself it was enough, but these days especially it was hard to be so close to Steve and yet feel farther apart than they'd ever been. He barely managed to bring his thoughts back under control as Reed's head came into view. Tony turned his grimace into an attempt at a grin, wondering if it looked as fake to Reed as it felt to him.
"You never guess?" Reed's voice was dry as he looked at Tony, the glint in his eye speaking volumes. Reed being Reed, however, Tony knew that he would ignore it. More out of his own uncertainty on how to handle emotional things than out of any courtesy, but nonetheless, Tony could appreciate that right now.
"No. I come up with logical hypotheses based on logical deductions," Tony answered cockily. Reed snorted, his face giving away his disbelief, but remained silent. "And even 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sharon Carter

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Angst
Dimension Travel
First Kiss
Challenge: Cap_Ironman Reverse Bang
Community: cap_ironman
Translation Available
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Sharon Carter

