Work Text:

You’re done at 5 tonight.

The text blinks across the screen of his phone innocently, but Charles stares at it and fumes for a full minute before slipping the phone back into his pocket, text unanswered. The sheer audacity, he thinks venomously as he shifts a few paper stacks around on his desk just to keep his hands busy, or otherwise he thinks he might throw his phone out the window entirely.
Never mind that he was already planning on finishing up by 5 this evening, with no desire to stay at his office any later than he absolutely has to on a Friday night after a particularly long, hellish week. Never mind that he wouldn't have been adverse to making plans, never mind that he’s not busy tonight in the slightest.
It’s the way the text is worded, precisely and on purpose, after nearly two weeks of radio silence. It’s not a question, or even a request. It’s an order.
Charles waits till the end of his morning office hours before he shoots off a quick response. I have a stack of essays to grade, he types, just to be difficult. It’s not entirely untrue, as he does have a pile of them on the corner of his desk, but he has the entirety of next week to get that done while all his students are off on spring break. Won’t be done till 6.
 He hits send and tucks his phone away again, before grabbing his satchel and heading down the corridor to the lecture hall to teach his next class. Let Erik chew on that.
A few of his students come up to ask him questions on his lecture from the previous day, so Charles’ mood evens out, always happy to teach and help bright young minds, and by the time class starts and he begins his lecture, the text is mostly forgotten.
He’s halfway through his Punnett squares slide when his phone begins to buzz, vibrating with an incoming call that fortunately only one or two people in the very front row notice, their attention wavering for half a moment before flickering back up to Charles’ powerpoint slide again. Charles keeps talking without a hitch, though he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t slightly disappointed that there’s no second, short buzz to indicate voicemail once the call ends.
Three powerpoint slides later his phone starts buzzing again ominously, right against his leg while he paces slowly back and forth in front of the projector screen. He lets it ring through again, making his point about alleles, and this time there’s a short pause after the call ends before he feels one more short buzz—voicemail.
Anticipation curls, hot and molten, in his belly. It’s so tempting to give his class a three minute break, and duck outside to listen to the message that now sits in his inbox. But anticipation and waiting are half of the game that he and Erik play, and Charles is nothing if not a master over his own self control. He can wait.
His main source of motivation for actually waiting is that it forces Erik to wait too, but Erik doesn’t need to know what.
Charles soldiers on through the rest of his lesson, wrapping up his lecture with just a minute to spare before the class period is over. Most of his students are out the door almost as soon as he’s wished them a happy spring break, but a few linger with questions that Charles answers without a single trace of impatience, even though that wondering what the voicemail contains is at the forefront of his mind despite himself.
After what seems like an age, Charles is alone in his office again. He settles himself in his comfortable leather armchair behind his desk and pulls his phone out, tapping the button for voicemail and trying not to hold his breath as he holds the device up to his ear.
“Charles,” Erik’s steely voice comes through the speaker warningly, a low growl that makes the telepath’s name sound as if it is being wrenched out of the mafia don’s mouth through gritted teeth. Then Erik hangs up, leaving Charles with a sharp click before an automated voice asks him if he wants to replay the message or delete it.
Charles hits the end button, setting his phone down on his desk. Erik is pissed. Not at him, which is well and fine because Erik would have another thing coming if he thinks intimidation will work on Charles, but certainly at someone.
He very nearly rolls his eyes. While it is tempting to reach out with his mind through the city and find Erik to tap in for a moment to see what exactly is happening right now, Charles also has far more important things to worry about, like assembling his notes for the next lecture he has to give. Erik is more than capable of keeping himself in check, and anyone foolish enough to invoke the most dangerous man in the city’s ire usually deserves the outcome.
Caught up with work and the two more classes he has left in the day to teach, he never does get around to actually responding to Erik’s message. Erik never calls or texts again as the rest of the morning slips away and fades into the afternoon, so either he’s busy too or assumes that Charles got the message loud and clear.
At 5:01 exactly,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Mob
Yachts
Erik Being Cocky

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

