Work Text:
It was amazing how high one could rise with flirting, suggestion, and a few convenient accidents. Sakaar - for so it was called - might be a rubbish heap of a planet, but its de-facto king was easy to read: he was a man who sought only entertainment and pleasure in all their myriad forms. Loki could work with that. And would.But he had limits. Necessary limits. Sex was off the table, as far as he was concerned, though he let the Grandmaster think otherwise. He kept up the facade, light and playful, a touch here, a suggestive comment there. By the way the Grandmaster’s eyes gleamed looking at him, Loki suspected that he knew exactly what Loki was doing, but he seemed to be enjoying it. All Loki had to do was string him along for as long as it took to work his way into a position where he could strike. He doubted anyone - other than perhaps that woman who was his second, Topaz - would weep, or even bat an eye. It was a good plan. A solid plan that made the best of an awful situation, and if his thoughts kept trying to stray to Thor (probably dead) or Odin (definitely dead), there was always alcohol to take the edge off. Not too much, though. He needed to keep his wits about him. The Grandmaster, it turned out, was handsy. And then, a couple weeks later, he was lurking around the Grandmaster, watching closely for any sign of weakness, when Thor was wheeled in, bound and helpless. A prisoner. A contender. Loki pretended at ignorance, which of course Thor tried to puncture, but with how quickly the Grandmaster agreed to let Thor face his champion…Loki hadn’t seen the warrior for himself. But he did know that he’d left a fair number of bodies in his wake, and for all Thor’s power...his heart twisted uneasily. A new objective added itself to his list, apparently of its own accord. Free Thor. Convince him to stay here and survive.As soon as Thor was gone, the Grandmaster turned toward him. “Brother, is it?” He said. “Adopted,” Loki repeated, thinking quickly. “We’re not close.” “Fascinating,” the Grandmaster said. “What a coincidence.”“Indeed,” Loki agreed. “What a coincidence.” “It’s a good thing you’re not too fond of him,” the Grandmaster said casually. “After all, if he really is going to face my champion, sparkles or no sparkles…” He made a sort of “shhk” noise, and then laughed. Loki’s stomach went tighter. “Truer words,” he said faintly. Aware of the crowd of eyes watching him closely, waiting for him to falter. He wouldn’t. “Though I would say he seems fairly tough.” “You think so?” The Grandmaster smiled. “Well. We could always make things more interesting. Bet on it.”Loki blinked. “What sort of wager?” He asked, stalling. He knew he couldn’t say anything but yes, though. Not safely. “Say this Thor, Lord of Thunder, wins tomorrow,” the Grandmaster said. “You get anything your little heart desires. Well, not quite anything. Gold, mostly. Bragging rights. Bigger room. Bragging rights.”“And if you win?” Loki asked. The Grandmaster’s grin was almost charming. “You stop being such a tease and give up what you keep dangling in front of my nose.” Oh. Loki swallowed. “That doesn’t seem like a particularly fair wager.” “I’m open to suggestions if you have anything else to bet. Not too open to suggestions, though. I like my idea better. Come on, it’ll be fun.” Loki was less sure about that. But much as it grated, the Grandmaster was right: he didn’t really have anything else to offer. Thor, he told himself, could beat any contender. He would be fine. And with money...he could do more, if he had some of his own money. People could be bought. He’d be fine, without having to take his clothes off. “All right,” he said, with a dazzling smile. “I’ll take that bet.”
The Grandmaster had the fucking Hulk. The Hulk, who narrowly managed to beat Thor but didn’t kill him (at least that was a relief), and Loki was trying very, very hard not to look at the Grandmaster standing and clapping, cheering with as much enthusiasm as the rest of the crowd. He sank down into the couch. As the cheering began to die down, the Grandmaster came over to him and waggled his eyebrows. “Well,” he said. “How about that.”“Good fight,” Loki mumbled. “Of course it was! He’s my champion for a reason.” The Grandmaster was practically glowing. “So. How about that wager?” Loki coughed and cleared his throat. “Ah. Yes.” The Grandmaster patted him on the shoulder, and Loki didn’t think he imagined the slightly proprietary air as he did so. “Good, good. Meet me in my room - one of my rooms. The east one. About an hour or so. Meet me in an hour or so.” He positively leered. “I think we’ll be busy longer than that.” Loki tried not to edge back into the couch. “Mm,” he said, and stood. “I had better go...find something suitable to wear.” “You do that,” the Grandmaster said. He patted Loki’s chest when he stood up. “How do you feel about being tied up? Someone else watching? Roleplay?” 
Oh, Norns. 

Loki was not, as some might think, some sort of blus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Sexual Content
Mildly Dubious Consent
Sakaar (Marvel)
Oral Sex
Deepthroating
Object Insertion
Vibrators
Dirty Talk
POV Loki (Marvel)
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Anal Sex
Rimming
Aphrodisiacs
Illusions
inappropriate use of magic
Multiple Orgasms
Loki Makes Bad Choices
well at least I'm having fun

fandom: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki

