Work Text:

There is no ‘I’…


Chapter 1

Tony blinked as the nerve damage caused a white haze to steal his vision and flinched away from the electric buzzing near his ear.
“Don’t.” He fought to keep it a command rather than a plea, but was sure he failed when a low gloating chuckle preceded a response.
“Just hearing you beg is gonna make my month you know that Anthony?” Firm hands anchored his head in place, pressing Tony’s cheekbone so hard he feared they might snap. “Now hold still Baby, this will sting.”
Tony twisted and fought, pulling at the restraining hands, but it didn’t matter. Cold metal pressed to his temple and the buzzing became not just a sound but a vibration behind his blinded eyes. With slow, agonizing pulses the noise increased until he was only aware of it, the desperate strain of his wrists in cruel fingers and the pain that was just starting to make it presence known. Three points of fire beginning to bore their way towards his mind and Tony screamed out his helplessness and rage, hoping that the others would hear him. Hoping they’d be in time.
*****

24 Hours Earlier.

Iron Man circled the towing skyscraper, enjoying the aerial view of Manhattan on a clear day, knocking back the insects with repulsor shots and calculating the possibility of Thor accidentally frying his ass with lightning in the next thirty seconds.
“Unlikely, Sir. We have enhanced the armor with the Ukona weather array mesh. It should resist all electrical emissions…” JARVIS explained. Again.
“Yeah, yeah. But we never researched the difference between natural…” Tony ducked to avoid a wasp the size of a bus,” ...lightening and Mythical Norse God of Thunder Lightening. Take readings.” He still couldn’t get a view into the penthouse, but could imagine the battle going on inside. Romonoff would be felling guards like a petite red-haired woodsman without the plaid. Clint was supposed to stay in the lobby, but being Clint, he wouldn’t and the Captain…well, Tony wasn’t going to dwell on the attractions of Captain America while dodging lightening and whatever those eight legged green things were that looked like something fatal from Australia.
“Taking all possible scans and readings on the electricity generated by the hammer, Sir. May I suggest that this battle has taken longer than projected and that the team inside the Wallenguard Building is meeting greater than expected resistance?” There was just the slightest kernel of concern lacing the A.I’s voice. Tony suspected he had a crush on the Black Widow.
Grinning he boosted around to the north face of the seemingly normal building and hovered outside the fifty-ninth floor windows. “JARVIS, you can be as suggestive about the battle as you want.” And considering he’d been created by Tony Stark that was likely pretty damn suggestive. “Still can’t get past the funky windows?”

“No Sir. Satellite transmissions, infra-red all unable to…”

“Cool.” Tony fired twin repulsors at the gleaming surface and watched toughened class rain down on the dozen shocked women conducting an occult ritual within. The HUD showed Tony an unmoving form in the centre of a stylized star. At each of the nine points were bowls offering puffs of pale lilac smoke. The fresh air from the obliterated window cleaned up Tony’s view enough that he could see the central bundle was suspiciously human shaped. “Tell me they’re the ones doing the bug thing and I didn’t just interrupt a perfectly legal Wiccan get together.”

“You are safe from prosecution, Sir. The symbols carved into the marble and the unfortunate individual being used as a larval incubator would suggest you got the correct floor for ‘the bug thing’.”

The billowing red cape in the corner of his eye had Tony adjusting his hovering position for wind shear as Thor pulled up beside him. “The wasps are retreating.” The Viking reported. JARVIS concurred, pointing out the creatures’ direction of retreat and offering pursuit paths. Just as Tony contemplated firing on the witches or going after the wasps, the rest of the Avengers broke down the penthouse door. Tony really, really needed to keep track of the other, but time and again his gaze came back to the red, white and blue figure involved in a kind of violent dance with the blood drenched cult leader. For a ‘non-combative with supernatural powers’ the woman was doing remarkably well against the nigh unmatched hand-to-hand skill of Captain America. What Tony loathed to face in an Avengers training session was being demonstrably successful in the penthouse. Cap’s sharp kick and two punches in quick succession had her almost running backwards, broken bones averted only by the man’s need to subdue and what must be ‘magic’ protection.
“I didn’t think he’d hit a woman,” Tony commented. He could target the rest of the sect, but Fury had insisted this mission have no fatalities and that Iron Man hadn’t learned to pull his punches yet. Hence the wasp dodging. “You know, too much the gentleman.”
Thor watched for an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve/Tony

freeform: 
Non-consensual body modification.

fandom: 
Steve/Tony

