Chapter 1: Maine
    




Chapter Text
..Jane always told her she never paid attention to where she was going.“One of these days you’re going to just walk right into the love of your life and not even realize it.”  “Gee Jane, I never took you for a romantic.” Her friend had scowled and gone back to her science while Darcy cleaned up the shards of broken vase that she had accidentally knocked over moments before, her face having been engrossed in her iPod.Jane was right. Jane was always right.Darcy’s not looking where she was going again, when she walks right into Captain freaking America on the streets of Portland, Maine. Only then she has no idea he’s the missing captain and she’s more concerned about the boiling hot coffee she had just dumped down his front.“Ahhhh!”“Shit!”She tosses the now empty cup aside and reaches into her bag, pawing around for the wad of McDonald’s napkins she had stuffed in there this morning from her egg mcmuffin. “I am so sorry!”Handsome McHandsome gently waves her flapping hands away, wiping at his sopping shirt. “It’s okay. Just an accident.”She ignores his resistance, still trying to blot at his shirt and jacket. “Janey was right, I never look where I’m going. She’s gonna kill me and then laugh about it since I maimed you and we’re supposed to be here for a while and I don’t wanna go to jail for coffee maiming so –“Beardy Hot Stuff grabs her hand, cutting off her rambling. “Ma’am, I’m just fine. No harm done.”It was the ‘ma’am’ that really should have tipped her off. Only Steve Rogers would call her ma’am.“I’ll buy you a new shirt at least?” she offers earnestly.He chuckles, shaking his head. “Got it at Wal-Mart for five bucks. I bet your coffee cost more than that.”Somehow out of that very embarrassing experience, Darcy winds up with a coffee date that following afternoon.  -;“What’s his name?” Jane asked, not looking up from the markerboard in front of her. Darcy watched as she continued to scratch down more equations, none of them making a lick of sense to her.“Steve Roberts.”Oh how stupid she was. Stupid, young, and innocent.Jane’s laughing when Darcy’s at the door. When she looks back, she sees a real smile on her friend’s face. Something so rare for her in the past months since she and Thor had broken up for good. “You remember when I said you would walk right into the love of your life without even knowing it?”Well that’s a bit eerie, even for her she realizes. Darcy shakes that thought away and leaves the lab to track down some food to coax into her scientist’s mouth. -;Steve’s waiting for her when she arrives at the coffee shop around two that next afternoon, a strawberry cruller and coffee in front of him. “I hope you don’t mind that ordered for myself.”She smiles, shaking her head. “Not at all.” The waitress appeared for her order and Darcy asked for a vanilla coffee, chuckling when she sees Steve wrinkle his nose. “Don’t tell me, you’re one of those that drinks their coffee black like liquid iron?” She laughs when he nods, a smile playing on his lips.To her surprise the conversation flows easy. She had made a bet with herself that if they had more than two awkward silences then she would make up a phony excuse and flee but that never happened. They talked about everything. About their lives growing up, colleges they went too, places they lived. She learned he grew up in Brooklyn and lost his parents before he was twenty five. He found out that she lived in Canada her whole life until getting into Culver and she spoke French.She felt like she had known him for years.The conversation keeps on longer than they both intend and it’s only when the waitress returns to kick them out so she can close the place down.They exchange phone numbers and promise to meet again.And again, and again, and again.-;“You bought...an art store?”Steve waggles his eyebrows at her and she fights back a grin. “Is it too crazy?”Darcy shakes her head. “No, not at all. If that’s what makes you happy. But, uh, how much did you have to pay for it? If you don’t mind me asking.”“The owner was looking for a simple buyout and he asked for fifty grand. I gave him sixty and the old guy nearly had a heart attack.”Darcy laughs. “I’m sure he liked that.”“Do you want to see it?”After Darcy agrees they head over in Steve’s jeep. The building is small but right on the main boardwalk in the city. A passerby would have to be blind or oblivious to miss it. “I was thinking about ripping the back storeroom out and doing classes in the back.”Darcy looked around the inside of the shop, almost beaming. After everything Steve had told her, she could see he was going to do great with this little place. “I think that sound fantastic.” When she looks around Steve’s grinning at her. “What?”“You think?” he asks her.“I do.”And she’s right. Within the month whenever she stops by the shop after hours at the lab, she sees quite a few students tumbling out the doors, albeit most of them being young females, giggling away as they 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Friendship and Love
Falling In Love
Jewish Darcy and Jane
Darcy is Tony's Sister
Baby Fic
Kid Fic
Steve's a Butthead
But Darcy Loves Him Anyway
Ignoring HUGE chunks of Marvel canon
falling back in love
Slow Burn
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Hope
Original Female Characters - Freeform
Resolved Sexual Tension
Eventual Smut
Background Sam/Sharon
background clint/natasha - Freeform
deaf!Clint
Pietro Lives

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis

