Work Text:
Hill calls him and Tasha into the Hub. She says it's urgent, so Clint borrows (okay, hotwires) one of Tony's Jags. Tasha had been out in Brooklyn doing something with Steve that Clint is Not Allowed To Ask About, so Clint gets there first. Hill meets him in the lobby, which is the first thing that sets off his internal alarms. She looks worried, but not hurried, so Clint pulls his bow, because What the fuck is happening? The last time Hill looked worried, Australia had been sinking."You don't need that," she says. He keeps the bow out anyway and glares at the suits who are now giving them a wide berth. "Just come with me," she says with a sigh. He follows, because he's got no reason to distrust her (yet). And also he's got an emergency beacon under his thumb that'll have both Iron Man and Thor breaking through walls within minutes if he sets it off.Hill brings him to Coulson's office (which, why the fuck would she bring him there), and opens the door. She says, "Fury's cleared him. It's not temporary. And it's not a trick." She moves aside, and Clint--Clint goes to the doorway, his arrow aimed at heart-level, and sees Phil leaning against his desk.Clint's never been closer to letting off an accidental shot, so he tells Maria to take his bow, and, with careful hands, she does. No one but Tasha's ever done that before and lived. Then again, he's never seen a zombie before, so they're all treading new ground here."How?" he asks, hands shaking."I got hurt," Phil says with a shrug. "I got better. "Clint had been expecting Hill to answer, not Phil, not Phil and his voice, the voice that's been fading into indistinctness in Clint's dream. The second that Coulson stops talking, Clint launches himself into Phil's arms, knocking them back against the desk.It might be a lie. Might be another fucking test. Might be a trick. Maybe he's hugging Loki in disguise; probably he's dreaming. But with his face tucked in the curve of Coulson’s shoulder, pressed against the starch stiffness of the suit's lapel and the stubble of Phil’s neck, breathing in the scent of cologne that’s been slowly fading from the pillow on Phil's side of the bed, Clint’s pretty sure he doesn't give a fuck.Out of the corner of his eye, Clint sees Hill set his weapons on the couch before leaving them alone together.“I really hope I’m not hallucinating,” he whispers. He can feel Phil laugh (feels his whole body move; they’re pressed so close together; he might not ever let go again).“I’m not a hallucination," Phil says, keeping his body language still and relaxed. Like he had in their first nights together. (I'm not going to hurt you..)  "I’m not a ghost. I’m me, just with a few new scars.”“Let me see?" Clint asks. He changes his mind right after, putting his hand on top of Coulson’s (and then curling his fingers around Coulson’s palm, because holding hands, he knows how to do, and nothing else seems concrete right now). “No. If it turns out I’m dreaming, I’m pretty sure the scar won’t be there, and if it’s a dream, I want it to last longer.”Coulson draws him in closer, even though Clint wouldn't have thought it was physically possible, and Clint breathes.Clint breathes in what feels like the first time in four months.Clint’s not sure how long it is before Hill shows Natasha in, but by that time he feels drunk on oxygen and Coulson and relief. He quickly turns to protect Coulson with his body. “Hill says he’s not a doppelganger or an alien or evil. And he was really actually hurt, so don’t punch him.”When Natasha lowers her knives, Clint shifts out of the direct line of fire.Natasha looks at Coulson, her face a chalky white, and says, "Prove it. What happened in Budapest?"Coulson looks at her, at the closed-off lines of her face, the white tension around her lips, and says, "I swore not to talk about it.""What did we eat there?" Clint asks, because the real Coulson would refuse to divulge information that Natasha had asked him to keep private. “That's safe to share, right?” Natasha nods minutely."Mangos," Coulson says, looking at Natasha like he wants to touch her. His hand twitches at his side and Natasha takes a step back. "Clint found some weird fruit stand, and we had mangos every day. He'd never wait long enough, so we'd eat them before they were ripe."Clint had been impatient in Budapest because they'd all almost died, all three of them, and he'd needed them close. He'd forced them to sit on a two-person loveseat with him, and they’d traded stories about the circus, about Russia, about Pennsylvania, until they were stuffed full of sour fruit and he was sure that they had all survived.“You were gone,” Natasha says, glaring, still wary. “And now you’re back. Explain.” She hasn't treated either of them like a suspect in a long time. Clint doesn't like how it feels.“Tales of my death have been greatly exaggerated,” Phil says drily. Tasha's knives come back out. “Sorry. It's just--how often am I going to get to use that line?""Once," Clint sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Dyslexia
Grief/Mourning
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

