Chapter 1: We Don't...
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text



Why assemble the Avengers for HYDRA?


Tony stared at the people in front of him, completely baffled. He could sense Bruce’s disbelief beside him as well and he knew that if he took a peek, the billionaire would be laughing to the point of pain.Too bad he was still incredulous to properly enjoy the ridiculousness of the situation.“Let me see if I am getting this right. You want to assemble the team again…to find and destroy HYDRA.”“Yes.” Natasha sighed as if she was already tired of looking at his face. Probably true enough.Since Pepper would have a nerve attack if Tony involved SI even more with Iron Man or Avengers business, Tony insisted on meeting the team in a coffee shop a few blocks from Stark Tower.“Because they got Loki’s scepter… after you guys sank SHIELD. Because you guys sank SHIELD, actually.”“Not exactly.” Steve backtracked but Tony only looked at him.“Then how exactly?”“HYDRA would have gotten their hands on the scepter sooner or later, we just…”“Accelerated the process?” Bruce deadpanned.When they only got grimaces for their troubles, the two geniuses sighed.“Look, I understand that HYDRA is no small problem, but you do know that US does have a pretty big deal counter terrorism units, right? I mean, most of our alliance with Germany is based on the war against terror. It doesn’t need the Avengers for it, it certainly doesn’t need this much overkill. You’re asking for the Hulk, Iron Man and Thor being involved in business we really don’t have anything to do with.” Bruce finished with a shrug.“Not even two weeks ago, HYDRA almost killed more than 700 million people, including the two of you. They are not a threat normal people can contain.” Natasha pointed out.“Via SHIELD tech, what happened then was a bogus. If SHIELD have been infiltrated since the very beginning, why do it then and not before? If they had access to all that firepower to take out all potential threats to HYDRA why only then use it? If they were waiting for some kind of cue, what was it? There are way too many questions for us to just decide to look for them willy-nilly. Even if they have been a threat for the last seven decades, so far they have yet to truly do anything to warrant attention so the most likely scenario is that they are masking their actions trough other terrorist groups. If that’s the case, then counter terrorism is already doing something about it. It hardly needs us, any of us.” Bruce finished and took another sip from his tea, not being the least bit inclined to re-join the Avengers.“HYDRA has always been more than normal units could handle. Natasha is right. I know that none of you has experience dealing with HYDRA, but you have to see how dangerous they are, the normal proceedings would be useless.” Steve’s earnest speech gathered no more interest than the rest of the conversation.“Why?” this time it was Tony that sighed.“Why what?”“Why is HYDRA something that no normal unit can handle?”This made them quiet.“Their leader was Red Skull.”Bruce didn’t bother to lift his eyes from his journal anymore, “Dead.”“They managed to infiltrate SHIELD, who knows what other intelligence agency they have their hands on?”“That’s the name of the game espionage. They spy you, you spy them. Hardly something that the Avengers as a group would be very good at, sans you and perhaps Barton.”“Why don’t you want to do this?” it seemed that Natasha got tired of whatever game she was trying to play.This time Bruce paid attention, “Excuse me?”“Bruce.” Tony cautioned.“No!” he turned towards the spy, “Whatever makes you think that I wanted in, in the first place? I didn’t want to go with you to the Hellicarrier, I didn’t want to be a member of the Avengers and I still maintain that this group is a horrible idea. Not only there is no trust among the members, but we clash too horribly, there was no time to team-bonding exercises, no time to know each other, we were thrown together and expected to play nice with people that we never met! Whoever had the idea to put us together was a moron! And now you want us to band again? The last time we saw each other was two fucking years ago, you guys are strangers to me and to be honest I don’t want to get to know you.”Natasha didn’t know what to say to that and it seemed that neither did Steve, when Tony sighed again, he was massaging his temples.“There are good reasons why I never tried to change my status to consultant to full member of the Avengers. I need to remind you that I created Iron Man for the sole reason of cleaning up what my negligence helped create: SI tech in the hands of terrorists. This has the potential to clash with the Avengers Initiative and that hasn’t changed just because SHIELD is out of the picture. I agreed to participate in Avengers missions in a need-to basis because I agreed with the idea behind it: to do what no normal people can’t do. But that’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
BAMF Bruce Banner
Bruce is not impressed with Natasha
Not Natasha Friendly

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark

