Work Text:
Tony stared longingly out of the huge windows overlooking New York City. His tail idly moved across the floor as he waited and waited. “Your mate will return soon.”
He didn’t protest, didn’t nip or bite, as Thor effortlessly lifted him and cradled his smaller body against his chest. A large hand stroked through his fur and Tony let himself go boneless in the Thunder God’s grasp.
It wasn’t Bucky but Thor smelled like his and Tony made a point to mark his teammates whenever the opportunity arose. He hated when they didn’t smell like they belonged.
Two weeks.
Bucky and Steve had been gone on a mission for two weeks. He’d been regulated to a large, empty bed and Bucky’s fading scent. It was why he’d taken to curling up with Thor at night only three days after Bucky had left and he had taken comfort in a familiar, safe scent until three days ago. Now he hadn’t changed out of his cat form in days.
Tony released a plaintive meow and shoved his face against Thor.
He’d been alone on their shared floor for three days and he’d forgotten how much he needed touch, needed attention and affection. It couldn’t be more obvious in the way Thor’s touch had him completely getting lost in it. He’d forced himself not to seek out comfort from his teammates or cuddles at night with the only non-shifter.
“You should visit the common room more often.” Thor spoke as he turned and left the penthouse. “The others have asked after you.”
Probably not Bruce. Tony knew his fellow scientist was in the middle of a breakthrough, according to Jarvis, and hadn’t left his lab in days.
“Truthfully I’ve gotten used to listening to you purr while I rest. It’s been quiet.”
Tony’s ears twitched as Thor stepped into the elevator and they started to descend. He’d been avoiding the common room and instead had been trying to soak in their combined scents the past three days in a vain attempt to trick himself into not missing Bucky.
He’d also felt guilty for invading Thor’s space even though he knew Thor loved cats and kittens.
“There’s Tony-Cat.” Clint grinned at him and Tony flicked his tail before pointedly looking anywhere but at Clint. It earned him a pout. “Don’t be like that.”
Tony listened to Clint rummaging around and sure enough his silence was rewarded.
“Come on Tony-Cat. Look what I have.” The scent of salmon caught his attention and Tony rubbed his face against Thor, ignoring Clint for a few more moments, as Thor carried him into the kitchen. “Awwww kitty.”
He glanced over, feigning disinteresting even as his stomach growled, before gracefully leaping from Thor’s arms and walking along the kitchen island to where Clint had placed a plate.
“Luring our resident cat with fish, Clint? How cliché.” Natasha strode into the kitchen and without hesitation ran her hand down the length of Tony’s back causing him to arch up.
Tony purred loudly and pushed into her hand as Natasha scratched behind his ear with expert ease. He couldn’t believe his luck that he’d ended up with a team full of cat lovers even if most of them in their shifted form could easily hunt him.
The salmon was gone far too fast and Tony didn’t bother protesting when Clint hauled him off the island to cuddle him. Instead he basked in the warm, careful touches and the familiar scent of his unexpected family.
Ten minutes later he was sprawled next to Clint on the couch and idly watching the hawk shifter battling Thor at Mario Kart. It never ceased to be absolutely amusing.
“Fuck you!” Clint practically howled when Thor ended up with his sixth blue shell and Yoshi ended up being blasted off the rainbow bridge. “You’re cheating!”
“How dare you accuse the God of Thunder of cheating!”
Tony mentally snickered at the impressive offended tone Thor had slipped into, never pausing his playing, as Clint flipped him off and started driving the second his character was fished out of the abyss. Thunder rolled in the distance as though to back his claim.
“God of Thunder this, Sparky!”
The shell missed Thor’s character and Clint released an impressive snarl Tony would have expected from Bucky or Steve. He perked up, ignoring the way the couch seemed to jerk under Clint’s violent movements, as he watched Mario practically launched into the lead.
On the other side of him the couch dipped and Natasha settled, curling up and resting her head on top of him. He blinked lazily at the sleek fox using him as a pillow and relaxed back into the couch cushion. Natasha only seemed to rest more heavily on him and turned her focus to the TV.
Nothing like cuddling with a fluffy fox.
Mario raced across the finish line and Clint managed a fifth place finish even as Thor lorded his victory over him. “I am clearly the best Avenger. The Mighty Thor has bested you in all forms of combat and now—”
“I’ll show you ‘Mighty Tho—”
Tony caught the amusement filling Thor’s eyes, how his lips were threatening to quirk into a grin, and mentally laughed.
What a fucking troll. Oh Thor you’re my absolute favorite.
Natasha huffe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Cat Tony Stark
Wolf Bucky Barnes
Shifter AU
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Comfort
tactile tony
The Avengers are cat people
Fox Natasha
Hawk Clint
(i tried fitting bruce into this one but i couldn't get the scene to work)
so he's off doing science
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
POV Tony Stark
Scent Marking
Scenting
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Tony Stark & Thor Friendship
Thor is a troll
Steve is a Troll
Thor Is Not Stupid
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Possessive Behavior
Domestic Avengers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Fingering
Knotting
Barebacking
Established Relationship
Fluff and Smut
Mates
Animal Traits
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

