Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter was jolted from a deep sleep by a loud crash and a hushed voice coming from the other room. He pulled the covers back, groaning as the cool night air hit his skin. He pushed his cracked door open, sliding into the living room quietly, his bare feet not making a sound on the wood flooring.
 
He rubbed his eyes, grumbling. “May.. What are you doing? It's like three a.m...” The answer he got was a deafening boom and a wave of heat running through his chest. “Wha-?” He fell to the ground, barely registering what was happening as his head hit the rug.
 
“Peter!” He recognized his Aunt's voice, but it sounded far away, like he was underwater. He heard another noise as his head rolled to the side, seeing a figure in black knocking a lamp off their end table. He was running for the door, but it looked like he was moving in slow motion.
 
“Oh my god, Peter..” May was leaning over him, running his hand across his face. “Look at me, honey.. You're gonna be okay.” She started talking to herself, but Peter didn't mind, he couldn't really focus on what she was saying anyway. “My phone.. Where is my phone?”
 
It felt like she was gone forever and he could feel himself starting to panic as it started to get difficult to breathe. “May..” He could only whisper, but in his head it sounded so loud.
 
“I'm here, it's okay..” She went back and forth between soothing him and trying to talk to the person on the phone. He only caught pieces of the conversation as he drifted in and out of consciousness. “Yes, in his chest. There's a lot of blood.. Okay.. Yes.”
 
Peter groaned as pain shot through his chest, May's hands putting all of her weight on him. “I'm sorry, Peter..” Suddenly he was more awake, lifting his head enough to see May's hands covered in blood. The strength left him as quickly as it came and when his eyes closed again, everything went black.
 
–
 
Peter was elbow deep in a box full of crumpled newspaper, making sure he'd gotten all of the cups out before putting it off the to side with the others. “The kitchen is officially done.”
 
“Great! Only like 6 other rooms to go, get in here!” May yelled from the other room.
 
“Is it break time yet?” Peter flopped gently onto the couch next to where she was setting up the television, trying to connect the wires.
 
She dropped the cords without hesitation. “Do you need a break? Do you feel okay?”
 
He put his hands up, insisting that she not get up for him. “I'm fine, just hungry.”
 
She'd always been protective of him, but seeing him bleeding out on the floor, the same way she lost her husband had amplified her instincts by a hundred. It had taken a lot for him to talk her into letting him help at all and though he wouldn't admit that unboxing mugs was physically taxing him, it really was.
 
She eyed him up and down for a moment. “Fine, call it in.” She gently tossed him her cell phone.
 
By the time the Chinese food arrived the television was working, thanks to Peter being tech-savvy. They didn't have service set up since it was their first night in their new home, so they put in a movie and took the rest of the night off. They had beds, they had a functioning kitchen and they had a television. That was enough for the time being.
 
It had been almost two months since the man had broken into their apartment in Queens. Peter spent just short of two weeks in the ICU in an induced coma before being deemed stable enough to move. It was another week before he woke up on his own and two more before the drugs wore off enough for May to tell him what had happened. He was in-patient for the following month while he started physical therapy.
 
All things considered, Peter was incredibly lucky to be alive. He hurt almost all of the time and his left arm was only at about half functionality, but he was alive. The bullet had gone through his left lung and after hitting a rib, a fragment damaged the muscles in his left shoulder. A few inches the other direction and it could have punctured his heart.
 
He looked over to his Aunt and he couldn't help but feel bad. He knew it wasn't his fault, but for her to have to see him like that, thinking she was going to lose him too.. It just wasn't fair. She didn't deserve to go through that.
 
It's part of the reason why Peter didn't put up a fight when she insisted that it was too dangerous to stay in Queens anymore. They'd been robbed before, but neither of them were home and they really hadn't thought much of it. They had both laughed about how the poor guy probably made less than minimum wage for the effort he put in and to get so little from them.
 
This time it was different. He couldn't expect her to stay there, knowing that every time she walked past his door, she would be reminded by the small patch of new flooring that he laid there in a pool of his own blood, barely alive. He wasn't sure he wanted to either, so he agreed when she insisted they move up north to a nice neighborhood.
 
The house was less than 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Tom Holland is my Spidey
Peter is 17
Wade is Older
new kid in town
Recluse Wade
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Bullying
Strangers to Friends
Friends to Lovers
Protective Wade
Size Difference
Sexual Assault
Explicit Sexual Content
Graphic Rape/Non-Con
Rape Recovery
Sweet Peter
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Wade Has Issues
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Scarred Wade
Canon-Typical Violence
Precious Peter Parker
Panic Attacks
kind of kinky
Not Super Kinky Though
Kidnapping
Alternate Universe - No Powers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

