Work Text:
The bones in his wrists are delicate and seem almost to protrude through pale skin. His fingers are long and stained with pollen and ink. It is not that Bucky is infatuated, no matter what his friends say. It’s just that he’s interested. He’s a Brooklyn cop. He’s supposed to be interested in local businesses and Super Flower is a local business. It’s not entirely his fault that the proprietor is slender and rosy-cheeked and sneezing - oh, okay. “Let me help you with that,” Bucky says, reaching out to take a crate from the proprietor’s hands as he lets out another almighty sneeze that rattles Bucky’s bones, nevermind the proprietor’s. “Oh,” says the proprietor. “Oh - achoo! - Thank you, Officer-?”“Barnes,” says Bucky, shifting the crate to hold out his hand. “James Barnes. Bucky, really.” The proprietor blinks and holds open the door to his shop and Bucky steps through, automatically. “Steve,” he says, after a moment of contemplation. He reaches into his jeans pocket and pulls out a handkerchief. Having blown his nose noisily, he gestures towards the counter. “Put it there,” he says. “Steve Rogers, sorry.”“Yes,” says Bucky. “I know.” Steve blinks at him, tucking his handkerchief away. “Well,” says Bucky. “I am one of the best cops in Brooklyn. My powers of deduction are worthy of Sherlock Ho-”“Oh,” says Steve and the corners of his eyes crinkle. “It’s on the address label on that crate, isn’t it?” Bucky grins. “Still pretty great though, huh?”“Yes, Officer Barnes,” says Steve and he takes out a Stanley knife to open the crate, wielding it with the sort of dexterity that would inspire jealousy in Bucky’s favourite local teenage delinquents. “I’m deeply impressed with the literacy of our boys in blue.” He sneezes again. “You got a cold?”“No,” says Steve. “Hayfever.”“And you own a flower shop?” asks Bucky. “Buddy, I got some bad news for you-”Steve snorts, a little moistly, and Bucky is both charmed and disgusted. “Hey, what’re these?”“Chrysanthemums,” says Steve. “Good for air quality. Tutankhamun was buried with a whole deck of ‘em.” “Huh,” says Bucky, tracing a flower with a fingertip. “They’re pretty.”“They suit you,” says Steve. He’s smiling, now. “They mean ‘cheerfulness’.” “I’ll take ‘em,” says Bucky. He frowns. “What’s the, like, collective noun for flowers? Punnet? Murder?” (“Murder” is his favourite collective noun.)“Idiot,” says Steve, softly. “Then I’ll take an idiot,” says Bucky, knowing that his grin is bordering on manic.“Maybe I will too.”.“He said he’d take an idiot, too,” says Bucky.Sam has to stand up to see him over the flowers bedecking their adjoining desks. “Seriously, Barnes, what the-”“My thoughts entirely,” says Fury, striding into the room. He wrinkles up his nose. “Taking up flower-arranging, Barnes?”“Maybe,” says Bucky. Fury drops a file on his desk. “Look into this. Old lady keeled over in a care home and her neighbour’s saying it was murder.” “This just in,” says Bucky, under his breath. “Old people sometimes die.”“Have some respect,” says Fury, clipping his ear. “I didn’t mean you, sir,” says Bucky and he rubs the side of his ear. .The scene is pretty tame in comparison to some of the usual. The deceased is lying in bed, fingers curled around a small bunch of pink flowers on her breast. Parker’s snapping pictures like he’s the next goddamned Annie Leibowitz or whatever.“Did someone move the body?” asks Sam, a little irritate.“No, Officer,” says the director of St Jude's Home for the Elderly. He looks a little grey in the face. “What can you tell us about Mrs Murphy?”“Well, she’s lived with us for about two years. One of our more active residents. She just loved to play Scrabble. She was so looking forward to next month’s tournament.”Bucky glances from the zimmer-frame in the corner to the rheumatoid hands of the deceased and supposes it must all be relative. Sam asks a few more questions before the ME’s crew move Mrs Murphy’s body and it’s only when they’re outside that Bucky glances at him. “So.”“So.“Kinda odd that she looked-”“-laid out like that?”“Exactly.” Sam pinches the bridge of his nose. “Who arranges themselves that way, flowers and all?”“Maybe she knew?”“Yeah, but Bucky-”“There was no vase in the room and those flower stems were damp.”.Bucky goes for his run, bright and early, same as every morning. “Hi, Officer Barnes.”“Steve,” says Bucky. He’s not expecting to see the proprietor of Super Flower in a singlet and shorts, all bony and determined and falling into step with Bucky. “Didn’t know you ran.”Steve shrugs and his cheeks are pink with exertion. “I try,” he says. “Trying to increase my exercise tolerance. Asthma, you know?”“How are you alive?” asks Bucky. To be fair, his knowledge of asthma dates back to middle school and the kids who always sat out gym class, clutching their inhalers. Steve tosses his head with annoyance. “I’m not incapable,” he says, between deep breaths. “Just my lungs don’t always cooperate.”“Then it’s just as well I’m here,” says Buc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
AU: Florist
AU: Cop
AU: Murder mystery

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

