Chapter 1: Summoning a God
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Midoriya Inko cried quietly into the phone “I need to warn you- I think something has gone wrong. He’s…I’m so happy for him, all he’s wanted is to be a hero and I…”She hears a soft sigh from the other line- frustration. He was likely rubbing his eyes and trying to think.“Inko. Why didn’t you call me the moment you realized he had developed…abilities?”“I am!” she sobbed, watching the sports festival on TV. “When he said he got into Yuuei, I thought he just…passed a test. Trained hard. He’s such a smart young man, he takes after you…” She flinched away as she watched Endeavor’s son use his powerful ice quirk against her sweet little boy. “I know that you wanted to stay away from us, but I just don’t know what to do!”Only the sound of his breathing let her know that he hadn’t hung up.“Listen to me, I never wanted-““Oh god that boy just caught fire! Are you watching this?”Another sigh, louder. “Seeing as I’m not in Midgård at the moment, no. Also seeing as you caught me trying to escape from a dimension-hopping monster, my hands are tied.”Tissues scattered as Inko stood up and screamed into the phone “Damn it, Loki! I know I’m just a human woman but he is our son, and he needs his father!” ~~~Across dimensions, far from where any mortal had ever wandered, Loki crossed his blade with the claws of a beast. It stood five meters high, an abomination of fur, flesh, and scales. A few of its many eyes had been gouged out by Loki’s knives and one of its three arms lay a stone’s throw away from the rest of it, but it continued its attack anyway. Attached to Loki’s ear was a small device he’d acquired from Midgård- he’d been surprised to see a modern invention with Futhark runes on it and ended up tinkering with it until the Bluetooth could connect to different realms and wouldn’t pick up on any background noise. “Inko, I fully intend to go to Midgård as soon as I can.”   Green fire burst from his hand and into the creature’s…face? Most of the eyes were there, so he assumed that was the face. The monster screamed.   “But after fifteen years of keeping the both of you safe, I’m not going to lead any of my enemies to your door. Two weeks, Inko.” She was still sniffing and crying loudly, though if the fight was as brutal as she made it sound, he couldn’t blame her for fearing for their son. The human world had become so much more dangerous in the past century, so much so that mortal children were acting like Asgårdian warriors fighting for sport. To think that his youngest son was in the thick of it, cunning and clever. What else had he inherited, aside from the bright green of his father’s eyes? How had he grown? Izuku Midoriya, Izuku Lokeson, what sort of man was he shaping up to be? The monster’s claws came dangerously close to his head, clipping the Bluetooth from his ear. Oh, did the beast want his full attention? “I was on the phone with my wife, you brainless creature. You had your chance to run, now you will face the wrath of a god.” On Earth, Inko watched her son be carried out of a stadium on a stretcher. “Loki? Loki?” Silence. Having cried herself dry, she hung up the phone and rested her head in her hands.




Notes:

A/N: I'm sort of making this shit up as I go along. The title 'Hisashiburi' is where 'Hisashi' gets his name, it's an expression that means roughly "It's been a long time" or "long time no see"! It's a little casual, a more formal way to say it is 'Ohisashiburi desu'.Loki is gonna be using a lot of Swedish terms and phrases when referring to the nine realms and other Norse-y things. Why not Old Norse or Icelandic? Because I actually know Swedish and I barely get to use it so fuck the haters.Also, the Bluetooth symbol is actually a combination of the Younger Furthark (aka Viking Runes) which transliterate more or less to "H" and "B"? It's named for Harald Blåtand (Bluetooth) the Danish king who united various Danish tribes (you know, got them to communicate? Eh? Ehhhh?). AND THEY SAID YOU COULDN'T LEARN ANYTHING FROM THE BNHA KINKMEME.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Midoriya Inko
Midoriya Izuku/Todoroki Shouto
Midoriya Hisashi/Midoriya Inko

freeform: 
kink meme de-anon
Rarepair
crack ship
Most of the MCU was nuked from orbit
The avengers don't exist nor do any superheroes pre-quirk
Loki has been dicking around in different realms since his fall from Asgard
gratuitous footnotes
Footnotes

fandom: 
Loki/Midoriya Inko
Midoriya Izuku/Todoroki Shouto
Midoriya Hisashi/Midoriya Inko

