Work Text:
i. “Dude, dude, dude,” Ned chanted as he tripped into the classroom Peter was currently dozing in.“Mmmph…” Peter groaned eloquently. He lifted his head from his folded arms, glaring blearily at his friend as Ned clattered loudly into the seat next to him.“This is like the coolest thing ever!” Ned squealed, waving his phone enthusiastically. Peter just squinted at him. It took a moment for Ned to realize that Peter wasn’t keeping up. “Haven’t you seen the news this morning?”“No,” Peter said, sitting up straighter. “What’s happened?”Instead of answering, Ned thrust his phone under Peter’s nose. On the glowing screen was a picture of Tony Stark stepping out of his car somewhere in Manhattan. Peter blinked at it for a moment before realizing why this particular picture was apparently worth media attention. Underneath Tony’s black blazer was a red t-shirt—with Spider-Man’s insignia on the chest.The title of the news article was “Iron Man Reps Queens Vigilante.”Peter felt his cheeks turn pink. “Huh,” he squeaked, then coughed to try to clear his throat.“Did you know he had that? Did you give it to him?” Ned said, eagerly leaning towards Peter.“No, Ned, I didn’t give him some of my own merchandise. I wouldn’t even know where to get any.” Not that Peter had ever looked for any Spider-Man merch. Ever. Definitely not.Ned looked like he was about to start fanboying even more over the idea that Tony Stark had apparently bought himself a Spider-Man t-shirt (or, possibly even cooler, someone like Colonel Rhodes AKA War Machine had seen the t-shirt and thought of Tony), when the classroom door opened and a few more students started filtering in, saving Peter.Peter put his head back down on the desk and feigned sleep. There wasn’t really a not weird way of saying “I’m blushing like a tomato because Tony Stark is wearing Spider-Man’s symbol.”  ii. Peter came home from the battle exhausted and sore, but with a full stomach and the warm thrill of having spent time with the Avengers keeping him content. His aunt was on the couch watching the news, which was showing shaky home videos of the fight in Central Park. He’d called her earlier to let her know he was alright, but she still jumped up and came to hug him as he walked in.“Oh, you were so brave,” May praised as she led him to the couch, fussing despite him having no more than a few bruises. He settled down into the cushions with a sigh and closed his eyes while May went to get ice for his slightly swollen knee, only half listening to the news anchors chat.“…. no casualties reported so far, and the DODC is on the scene. In fact, most people are more interested in a video capturing the moments immediately following the battle, featuring Tony Stark’s Iron Man and the vigilante known as Spider-Man—” Peter’s eyes snapped open.“Let’s take a look at the video, Selene.”  Central Park appeared on the screen, showing Black Widow and Hawkeye taking down the last of the tiger-like creatures together. Captain America jogged up, and a moment later Iron Man and Falcon joined. Peter knew what happened next; this is where he came in. Sure enough, a second later War Machine flew into the frame, Spider-Man swinging along behind him.They converged together, and the video, probably taken by a camera mounted on a drone, zoomed closer. As he watched, Tony stepped out of the Iron Man suit and approached Peter before slinging an arm over Peter’s shoulders. He had been coming off an adrenaline high and shaking, and Tony had asked if he was alright before promising that getting some food in him would make the trembling stop.The recording showed Tony clap Peter on the chest, and even on the shaky video Tony’s grin was evident.The video cut off with the Avengers walking away from the camera, and the news anchors came back on the screen.“It’s nice to see a little bit of brotherly love between teammates, isn’t it, Robert?” Selene said, smiling plastically at the camera. “Especially after the fallout of the Sokovian Accords only fourteen months ago,” Robert agreed. “In other news,” he continued, but Peter wasn’t paying attention anymore, he was too busy hiding his face in a throw pillow to avoid May’s teasing smile.    iii. “Peter?” May called as Peter opened the door.“Hey, May,” he answered, trying to keep how utterly exhausted he was from his voice. It was still early afternoon, but he was ready to crawl into bed and sleep through the rest of this awful day.His aunt appeared from the other room. Peter swallowed hard, trying to ignore her red eyes and hide his own. He didn’t have to try very long, because the next minute his face was buried against her shoulder. He linked his hands behind her back.“You can always talk to me, you know that, right?” She asked, pressing his head harder against her collarbone.He nodded vigorously. “’Course. ‘Course I do. Why would you ask that?”May sighed and pulled away, looking at him for a moment, considering. “You haven’t seen the picture, have you?”Peter furr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Well at least the other Avengers are around and I never bring it up
Father-Son Relationship
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

