Chapter 1





Chapter Text

So… it wasn’t his fault. It really wasn’t. He promises. No matter what Steve says, it wasn’t Tony’s fault he got his ass kidnapped. No matter what sort of aerial moves Tony was pulling out in fucking Antartica, of all places, it really isn’t his fault that he got hit by an EMP. A really strong one, too, given that the suit just… gave up. The good thing is he was at the bottom of his arc, at the closest point to the ground, running parallel to it. So no broken necks or long falls. The bad news? No one sees him go down.

The manual release hatches aren’t too hard to engage, since the system that operates them is mechanical, not electrical. Tony stumbles out of the suit and into the forever-dark of the antarctic fall. Immediately, he shivers and fights the urge to climb back inside. But, no, he can’t wait.

He feels along the thighs of the armor for the latches and pulls into his hands a pistol and a small black box. In the box is an extra earpiece.

“-ARK! I swear if you’re ignoring the co-”

“I’m here, I’m here. Shit. Ahh, looks like an EMP. I’m outside the suit and it’s fucking freezing and I have a gun on me and that’s about it so please hurry.”

“Location?”

“I don’t fucking know!”

“Language!”

“Get here, then lecture me. Jesus, it’s cold,” Tony mutters as he starts to look around. He’s caught between trying to cover his armor up to disguise it from any scavenger or just making a break for it.

Shit. Fuck it. Fuck it all. Tony starts running, uncomfortably aware that he is leaving some very clear tracks if anyone has a flashlight to see. He hears a roar, and against every ounce of his very tiny amount of self preservation, Tony drop dead sprints directly toward the noise. 

“I’m headed towards the battle!” He yells into his comm as he reminds himself to keep the gun pointed downwards, held in both hands. No shaking. At any moment, he might have to fire the pistol 

“Do not go towards the battle!” Steve yells. Someone on another channel grunts.

“I can’t not go towards the battle. I’m stranded here in the dark with dead suit and no fucking shoes and it is freezing. I can’t find anything else!” He crests another hill of snow, feet sinking, fingers and hands reddening and numbing. God, it’s cold.

“Tony, it’s too dangerous-” but it’s too late, because Tony’s finally reached the end of where he first went down, and made it to the top of another hill.

“God, really?” The Villain of the Week, whoever they may be, thought that releasing Abomination style monsters in order to protect their antarctic base was a good idea. There were five. Now there are seven.

“Just hang on, Tony,” Steve grunts into the line as Falcon drops him onto the monsters. One of them gets their head smashed in enough to fell them. And then it got back up.

“Call it. We need the Hulk,” Tony says.

“Negative. The hulk is not necessary.” Because there are civilians in the base. Supposedly.

“If I were, like, in working order maybe. Jarv. You there?”

“I am in a basic sense, sir.”

“Good. Signal the-”

“Iron-”

“Hulk.”

“Yes sir.” Just then, Tony refocuses on the Abomination style fucktards and realizes that… that thing that had hit Tony and sent him down is aimed at falcon.

“Falcon! You’re going down next!”

“Pulling out, Cap. Tony. I’m headed your way.” Tony’s starting to shiver so badly that he’s finding it hard to talk as Falcon pulls out of his dive and flies in a near horizontal arc, headed in Tony’s direction. Tony can see the exact moment the EMP hits. Falcon’s wings stop being a single, streamlined thing of beauty in flight, and start being metal in air. It’s then, as Falcon dips sharply and heads towards a face first death in the dark of Antarctica, that Tony realizes his mistake.

“Falc- Shit!” Tony curses and takes off running, trying to mime to Falcon the action of shifting; fuck the machinery, he needs to stay in the air until he can land properly. 

“Steve! He needs to shift!”

“He can’t!”

“He knows where the damn release catches are!”

“Well we can’t reach him now!” Steve says over the comms just as Falcon manages to use those catches and abruptly regains altitude as the metal wings fall to the earth and his dark reddish brown flesh and blood wings take him higher.

“Falcon is okay. Repeat: Falcon is okay.” He’s also about the only thing that is okay, though. One of the wish-it-was-the-abominations (they’re up to eleven; seven felled, nine replacements) turns towards Falcon, whose comms were knocked out, and begins to charge. 

“No. No!” Tony shouts as he takes off running, the cold making it hard to feel anything that isn’t his furiously thundering heart beat. With some effort, he raises the nose of his gun and shoots just as the thing gets close enough. Tony made weapons for years. Made and intimately knew weapons for years. It’s no surprise that he hits it dead in the meat of its eye.

It’s also no surprise when the monster and the two that wanted to follow it change directions and charge the m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Still Trying to decide
It's honestly up for debate
Oh wait I got onee
Tony Stark/T'Challa

freeform: 
shifter fic
Shifter Verse
Shifter tony
Cat Tony
It turns dark
then light again
I really think this is going to be fun
Crack Treated Seriously
Unfortunately all the movie events happen.
Because fuck happy characters
Kidnapping
AIM is a dick
Tony-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
more to be added - Freeform
sciencebros
Slow Burn
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Still Trying to decide
It's honestly up for debate
Oh wait I got onee
Tony Stark/T'Challa

