Chapter 1: Prologue & Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
       




   
 
  
 
 
 
 





 

“Longing, rusted—” 


   


His eyes snap open and he’s instantly alert. No! Nonononono, not again! He went back in the fucking freezer to make sure this didn’t happen…


 


 “--seventeen, daybreak—” 


 


He’s in the lab, but the chamber is open and he’s on his hands and knees on the floor. He looks around wildly, but he doesn’t see anyone, only hears an unearthly voice.


 


 “--furnace, nine—” 


 

 “STOP!”   he yells, clamping his hands over his ears, but he knows it’s useless. He can feel himself going under, his mind going numb…

 


 “--benign, homecoming—” 


 


The last word is almost cut off and none follow. He shakes his head, thoughts foggy, not sure what’s going on.


 


“Bucky!” he hears someone yell and he looks up.


 


“S- Steve?” he asks, dazed, unable to completely pull himself out of the semi-hypnotic state.


 


“Come on, Buck, we gotta go,” Steve says urgently and grabs his arm, pulling him to his feet. 


 


He feels clumsy and he stumbles, but Steve drags him along. He digs in his heels and stops them, and Steve whirls around impatiently. “Buck, we gotta GO!”   


 


He pulls his arm from Steve's grip and shakes his head. He can't concentrate. “Someone… someone started the sequence…” 


 


“I KNOW!” Steve yells at him and he can hear frustration and fear. “We need to get you out of here! We’re not sure how many there are but we're under attack and we need to make sure they don’t get their hands on you or finish the sequence.” Steve reaches for his arm again.


 


He shakes his head again and jerks away. His brain is a fog, the words floating there, trying to come together, searching for the rest of it, wanting to connect into orders. He shakes his head again, like some kind of wet dog. “No. YOU Have to get out of here! All of you! The trigger sequence—”


 


“Wasn’t finished! You’re fine, now come with me.” Steve pulls him along again, dragging him out of the lab and down the corridor.


 

Steve's wrong. He knows that he's not fine, but he can't find the words to explain it and convince Steve because the unfinished trigger sequence echoes too loudly in his head.  
 

 Longing, rusted, seventeen, daybreak, furnace, nine, benign, homecoming… Longing, rusted, seventeen, daybreak, furnace, nine, benign, homecoming… 

 
 
 



  
Clint wakes in a panic, an instant before a hand clamps down hard over his mouth. Adrenaline spikes through his body and he tries to roll, reaching for his bow on autopilot. But the hand is too strong and it presses harder and then there’s another holding him down. Clint goes feral, thrashing and fighting with everything he’s got to get free.
 
“Clint,” a voice hisses roughly in his ear. “Clint! Stop! It’s me!”
 
The voice connects in his brain and Clint’s eyes finally make out the shape of the person looming over him as Steve Rogers. He stops fighting, but remains taut with fight reflex, chest heaving and breath pushing loudly through his nose. Jesus Christ, doesn’t Rogers know it’s not a good idea to startle people like him awake?
 
Clint settles and pushes Rogers’ hand from his mouth. Cap relaxes his hold, but he stays where he is, still looming over him. “Clint. The compound’s been breached,” Rogers whispers urgently, then finally sits back and lets go of him.
 
There’s an explosion and a faint blue light flickers in through the window. Clint flinches noticeably, then feels his face heat at his reaction. He hopes that it’s dark enough that Cap didn't notice. Another explosion, closer this time and throwing more light, and Clint realizes for the first time that there’s another person in the room. He turns his head sharply and sees Bucky Barnes hovering near the door, looking… off. Clint pushes Rogers and he finally stands up so Clint can scramble out of the bed and grab some clothes. He’s wearing only boxer briefs because it’s fucking hot in Wakanda, and he catches Barnes’ eyes flicking across his body.
 
Clint long ago stopped being bothered by people’s reactions to the many scars on his body – not that that many people actually see them - but that doesn’t mean he appreciates when they stare. “Like what you see?” he asks with a hard edge as he pulls on his shirt. Barnes' eyes dart away, and at least he has the decency to look embarrassed for being caught staring.
 
Rogers looks at them both impatiently and quickly switches gears.  “Clint, I need you to take Bucky. Get him out of Wakanda and somewhere safe.”
 
Clint hastily pulls on his pants, throwing a quick glance over his shoulder at Barnes. “What’s wrong with him?” he asks Rogers, sotto voce, but he sees Barnes sharp gaze return and his nostrils flare.  Clint makes a note to himself: apparently Barnes has enhanced hearing.
 
Steve casts his own uneasy glance at Bucky. “We just pulled him out of cryostasis. I think he’s still a little out of it. He’ll be okay.” The last is said with Steve’s patented dete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
On the Run
BAMF Clint Barton
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Developing Relationship
Slow Build
Brainwashing
Mind Control
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Clint!Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
winterhawk - Freeform
Winterhawk Reverse Big Bang
WinterHawk Big Bang
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Long Live Feedback Comment Project

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

