Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 introducing mister and mister united states 
 For one thing, the world was not prepared for the Winter Soldier and all that came in his wake. The fall of S.H.I.E.L.D, the explosion of data that came with it, the sheer number of files that were made public and just how much the civilian community hadn't known was going on. For another, once all that was over and the dust settled, the world wasn't prepared for the Winter Soldier. To figure out what Twitter was. “It's social media,” Romanova had explained when he asked. They had been in the middle of sparring, but the question had been nagging on his mind since Stark had given him his cell phone. “It's got all the fixin’s,” he'd said. “YouTube, Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter. Have fun.” Then he'd just left him with the phone. Bucky didn't even figure out how to turn it on for nearly ten minutes. “People using the internet to make friendships and other shit.” “Why?” he'd asked. She'd just shrugged. “It can be fun,” Romanova said. “Make contact with old friends, make new ones, some platforms just promote random content with people you don't know. Twitter’s pretty limited to current events, since you can only use 140 characters in a single tweet.” “Tweet?” he'd repeated incredulously. Romanova had sighed, lowering her hands from the fighting stance she'd been on. “Do you want to spar or do you want me to explain the Internet?” Bucky had considered it. He disliked not knowing things, and he had a suspicion that wasn't just his time as a weapon for Hydra influencing him. Steve said he'd been like that before. “Explain the Internet,” he said finally. Romanova didn't blink. She did sigh again, but she nodded and stepped off the mat. “It'll be easier using a computer,” she said. “Let's go.” They went, and for the next several hours, Bucky sat in Romanova’s apartment in front of a laptop learning about social media. He knew how to use a laptop, had had plenty of cellphones in his time, but he'd never seen this side of them. Romanova showed him the accounts Stark had created for him on Twitter, Google, Facebook, showed him how to use the apps on his phone, and after a long time detailing the history of social media, then Youtube, then the strangeness of Tumblr, they ended up on a website called Vine. “These are just six-second funny videos,” Romanova said, clicking on the first video on the homepage.  “    Back at it again at Krispy Kreme    ,”  said the teenage black boy in the video, holding up a paper hat. Then the boy did a series of impressive backflips, until his foot hit a neon sign and broke it. Romanova snorted. Bucky didn't get it. “What's the purpose of them?” he asked. “They're just funny,” she said. “That's all there is to them.” He blinked at her. She blinked back. “Okay…” he said finally. Romanova sighed. “Let's try some more.” Another hour was spent watching vines, and after a while, even Bucky was left with nothing to do but chuckle at the sheer absurdity of many of them. In fact, that was where Steve found them, with Romanova grinning and Bucky legitimately clutching his sides laughing. “What the hell,” Steve called, laughing despite himself. “What are you doing?” Bucky sat up when Steve walked in, hit mute on the video and tried to look at Steve seriously. Steve raised an eyebrow, a corner of his mouth lifting and Bucky failed. He spluttered: “Booty-quay!” and fell over laughing. Steve did a double take, then looked at Romanov. “What the hell did you do?” Romanova snorted. “Pro-no-unen-cing things in-corec-ly,” she said. “What?” Steve repeated. “Pinocchio!” Bucky laughed. Steve looked between the two of them. Romanova was grinning with pride, and Steve looked absolutely delighted as well as confused. He walked over to them, leaning down to look at the computer. “What is this?” he asked. “It's Vine!” Romanova said. “What?” Steve asked again. “Don't tell me you're clueless too,” Romanova said, but she was still chuckling. “Watch this,” Bucky insisted, grabbing Steve's arm and tugging him down to sit next to him before replaying the short video.  “    Pro-no-unen-cing things in-corec-ly    ,”  the vine began. With that, Steve was sucked into Bucky’s exploration of the internet. They spent another half hour just watching vines, Romanova eventually running out of her favorite ones and just clicking at random. Bucky’s favorites were definitely pronouncing things incorrectly, he decided, when Romanova clicked on one new vine by user Thomas Sanders.  “    You'll never have her!    ”  the vine began, a guy dressed like a storybook villain shouted. He was holding a girl in a pink dress and with a knife in his hands, which was what made Bucky think storybook villain.  “And why is that?”  the hero of the vine asked.  “Because I love you,”  the villain said. Bucky didn't laugh, though Steve chuckled and Romanova snorted. He glanced sideways at Steve, then at Romanov, confused and concerned. How was this on the internet? Wasn’t the user wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky Discovers the Internet
Twitter
vine
reddit
Memes
Fluff
some minor angst
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Flashbacks
Hypnotism
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Being Tony
Awesome Pepper Potts
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes and the 21st Century
Bucky Barnes versus the Internet
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Ignores Infinity War and Endgame
Ignores Civil War
ignores Age of Ultron
Don't copy to another site
Vines
Bucky Barnes-centric

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

