Work Text:
Tony Stark is so, so screwed.It’s bad enough, he thinks, bad enough to bring a fucking kid into this mess, bad enough to train him and groom him into a superhero as though it couldn’t potentially take his life, as if it isn’t dangerous. Bad enough to be encouraging Peter Parker’s Spider-Man habit without adding  this  into the mix. These… these  feelings  he’s having that need to stop.He tries to ignore them. Does a pretty decent job of it at first, too, considering that he sees Peter practically every day. And at least the feelings are a recent development, and not something he’s been dealing with for a while—Tony is  sure he wasn’t thinking about the kid like this when he was, say, fifteen.The thing is, though, the kid is… well, not really a  kid anymore. Peter’s seventeen, will be turning eighteen in a matter of days, actually, and in his senior year of high school. Tony’s guilty of Googling the age of consent in New York (not his finest moment), and lo and behold, Peter’s already legal. Not to mention, he’s smart as hell, awkward but witty, and far more gorgeous than any teenage boy has the right to be. And Tony hasn’t missed the way Peter looks at him.God, the  looks  Peter gives him. Dark eyes wide with adoration, pale cheeks flushing at the slightest bit of attention or praise from Tony, even after all this time. Even though he should know better than to idolize him, now that he knows at least part of the real Tony Stark. The boy clearly still wants him, despite, well,  everything that says he shouldn’t.And Tony wants Peter. God help him, he  wants. He craves Peter’s attention just as much as Peter does his, shudders every time their shoulders brush, feels heat burn low in his stomach whenever Peter’s warm skin comes into contact with his. Tony forces himself to push it down, though, to pretend he doesn’t have these selfish, disgusting, wrong desires.Still, Tony can’t help but show off a little for Peter, preening under the kid’s admiration. He builds things just to impress Peter, takes him out for rides in his fancy cars, does his best to be a good role model even if he does a reckless thing or two sometimes—and, well, if that makes Peter even more in awe of him, Tony isn’t complaining.Hero worship. It would be so easy to write off Peter’s adoration as reverence, plain and simple.It’s too bad that Tony has always had a thing for being worshipped.Each day that passes sees Tony’s already frayed self-control wearing down. Dark hunger claws at him, whispering,  just do it, just take him already, push him against the wall and devour him. He wouldn’t stop you. He’d look at you with those pretty brown eyes and he’d never say no. But he doesn’t. He  can’t.He pretends nothing is wrong. Scratch decent, he does a damn good job. He acts like he doesn’t notice Peter’s lingering glances and subtle flirtations even as he revels in them, pushes the kid on with training and building and creating until Tony burns himself out. Burned out on working them both to the bone, hellbent on tiring himself enough that on the rare occasions he does succumb to sleep, it’ll be black and dreamless instead of filled with Peter. He’s made the mistake of dreaming about Peter before; he remembers bits and pieces, only enough to taunt him.(The feeling of of Tony’s broad, worn hands on Peter’s narrow hips, the taste of salt and a sweetness that he knows is from Peter’s mouth, the scent of musk and sweat in the air, the sight of Peter’s pale throat as he tips his head back in ecstasy to let Tony mouth along his jaw, the sound of Peter’s keening moans, gasping his name, “Mr. Stark,  Mr. Stark, God—”)Tony makes the executive decision, as if he can control it, not to dream about Peter anymore.But even if he doesn’t dream, he can’t stop the thoughts from surfacing during his waking hours. And try as he might, he can’t stop the images from flashing through his brain at the most inconvenient times, glimpses of sensory memory of an event that never occurred. Like when Tony settles his hand on Peter’s back, right between his shoulder blades and he’s acutely aware of how big own his hand is, warm and heavy through the fabric of Peter’s hoodie and T-shirt, how small the boy feels under his grip. Like when Peter bites his lip in concentration and Tony’s blindsided with a dizzying flare of need, wishing it were  his  teeth tugging at Peter’s swollen lip.Like when his hand wraps around his cock and he imagines it’s Peter’s mouth instead.At the time of this particular indiscretion—not the first time, but certainly not the last—Tony’s back is against the bathroom door, head tilted back against the thick wood, lips caught between his teeth and eyelids fluttering. He’s barely gotten himself out of his slacks, and he’s already rock-hard, like a goddamn teenager.Teenager. Jesus. Peter is a  teenager. He’s still in high school, for fuck’s sake. Tony is old enough to be his father.And yet, here he is, getting himself off in the bathroom not twenty 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Underage Relationship(s)
Light D/s
Blowjobs
handjobs
Tony Stark Has Issues
Possessive!Tony Stark
Elevator Sex
Peter is seventeen
Age Difference
Hero Worship

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

