Work Text:
On their third day traveling to Earth, Thor gets called into a meeting with the Council of Wise Elders. He thinks they probably have a name that isn’t “Council of Wise Elders” – the All-Father Steering Committee or the Rainbow League of Decisionmakers or something. But Thor’s never really bothered to learn it, mainly because Odin never seemed to pay much heed to them. Besides, thinks Thor as he walks into the meeting room, how wise could they be if they hadn’t realized Loki had been masquerading as Odin the past few years?There are less of them than he remembers, and he feels more than a twinge of guilt about that. Not even all-seeing Heimdall has yet been able to count the number of the dead, so great has been their loss. The surviving council members all have a familiar elderly wisdom about them, and they sit with their hands folded at the long glass and metal conference table. It’s unnerving to see them like this. In Asgard, Odin’s meetings always took place in hulking rooms of gold and stone, around carved and polished tables cut from the wood of great trees. Thor has gotten used enough to the shiny and artificial world beyond Asgard, but it’s different to see his people among it. “Well?” he asks, taking his seat at the head of the table. The councilors glance between themselves. Clearly no one wants to be the first to speak. Thor waits patiently. He’s learned that silences have a way of being filled. Finally, the councilor at the opposite end of the table speaks. “Your Majesty, we wish to talk to you about Loki.” “Why?” asks Thor, with a familiar, sinking feeling. “Is this about the singing?” He’d last seen Loki that morning, leading some of the children in a chorus of songs. Thor hadn’t stuck around to hear the whole thing – Loki had chased him out, claiming they weren’t ready for their debut – but he had heard the phrase, “Glorious Loki, beautiful Loki, savior of us all” done in a round. He had laughed when he heard it, and been thankful Loki had found something to occupy his time – something almost useful, even, as it meant someone was providing childcare.“Not exactly, All-Father,” says a different councilor uneasily. “Though his influence over our children is concerning.” “He likes art,” says Thor. “It’s propaganda.” “Agree to disagree,” says Thor, with as much charm as he can muster. It’s a considerable amount of charm, and, for a second, it has its desired effect, as the councilors look mollified, like ruffled birds settling back down into their nests. He can already feel the headache forming behind his eyes – eye? That’s taking some getting used to, too. He has enough on his plate without having to pick a fight with Loki over his choir project. “Even so, it’s not about what he’s doing now,” says one of the councilors, who seems a little more resistant to his charm than the average Asgardian. “It’s about what he’s done. About what we’re worried he’ll do.” “I expect he’ll move on to operas next,” says Thor. “He’s already done plays, and now he’s got the choir.”“We mean when he tries to take the throne again!” snaps the first councilor.Thor gestures incredulously, encompassing in it the ship, the sorry state of his people, their doomed homeland. “You really think he wants to rule this?” “Here, Earth, wherever – do you really think your brother’s thirst for power has been slaked?” “I think that’s a dramatic way of putting it.” Thor’s aware he’s dissembling. Worse, he’s aware that this is exactly the kind of dissembling he’s always done when it comes to Loki. He wants to believe Loki is truly, really done this time. Done with the mind games, done with the plots, done with his baffling, burning ambition. But he knows what he’s wanted to believe has never had any bearing on what is true. Especially when it comes to Loki. There are some patterns he and his brother have broken, and some patterns they’re locked in still, and even when Thor knows Loki is about to stab him in the back, he also knows Loki will show up at the eleventh hour to save him. Or, at least, he had gambled on that knowledge, and been rewarded for it. “Perhaps,” says one of the councilors, with a faint nod of acknowledgement. “But, in the interest of being prepared, we believe we have a potential solution – at least as far as limiting Loki’s ambitions for Asgard is concerned.” “Beyond decimating its people and burning it to the ground?” says Thor petulantly. “Oh, wait, that’s already happened.” They ignore him. The first councilor clears his throat. “We think you should marry him.”  There’s a long, long, very long, even longer moment. Thor looks at each councilor in turn, and each stares grimly back at him. He swivels around in his chair, but he can still see them, their reflections distorted and pale in the chrome of the wall. All their faces are turned to him. He swivels back around. “I’m sorry,” he says. “Did you just suggest I should marry Loki? Loki? My brother? Loki? Who is my brother?” One of the councilors grimaces an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
First Time
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

