Work Text:
 
 To be honest, Peter had never really been a big fan of gym.
It’s wasn’t the exercise that he disliked, quite the opposite actually. When he was younger, he would run around the Tower at top speeds, scaring his father half to death as he raced around the couches and tables, barely missing hitting his head on the corners. His Dad had scolded him, made him stand in his ‘time out zone’ until he had promised to stop running in the house, Tony’s protective gaze never wavering even as he walked glumly back to his room, pouting the whole time.
He had tried to ignore the increasing tightness in his chest, his breath wheezing as he sat on his bed. He was so little that he didn’t think it mattered.
It was about a year later that Peter was diagnosed with Moderate Persistent Asthma.
He remembers coughing violently in the middle of the night, each push against his underworking lungs causing a sharp jab of pain to shoot up toward his head. Tony had been out of his mind with worry, staying up late in the night to rub at his poor, suffering baby’s back as the 6 year old hacked.
Finally after the second night of torture for both Starks, the Billionaire had made an emergency trip to the local Hospital, Peter getting cradled against his chest as his little lungs wheezed. The young boy remembers the bright lights that seemed to shoot through his clenched shut eyes, the rapid beating of his Daddy’s heart audible through the night shirt.
The elder Stark had screamed for help once inside, his voice getting drowned out as Nurses had wrenched Peter from his arms, strapping an oxygen mask onto the crying boy’s face as they wheeled them down the hallway. The ghost of his Dad’s hands engulfed in his own still haunt him even now years later, the itchy, prickling sensation of the plastic over his face and the burning of his chest causing more then a few sleepless nights.
The appointment took hours to complete, him and his father having to sit in waiting room after waiting room as they get shifted around. Finally, the genius had enough and had Uncle Bruce driven to look him over and prescribe the medication and inhalers.
The transition was the toughest thing for Peter. His days of running around the Tower and kicking butt in gym were over. Now he could only do what his Doctors, his Uncle Bruce and especially his father allowed him to do.
No long distance running, always take you allergy pills (especially during Springtime) and never ever go anywhere without your inhaler.
It has been engraved in his mind since the 3rd grade, the dark red of the plastic medication container an everyday sight as it was moved from backpack to backpack, always in reach of the young Stark.
Until he reached Middle School.
The nurse, her pale, flabby face stretching into a false smile of sympathy as she plucked the life saving device from the sniffling boy’s hand, his and his Dad’s protests getting dismissed with one wave of the rolling digits, her flashy rings sparkling in the man-made lights.
“Can’t have drugs getting passed around the school,” she had said, her double chin bobbing around like a distressed turkey’s.
She had transferred them to the office when Tony’s complaints had become increasingly loud.
The genius had threatened to sue both the school and the district, his grip around Peter’s shoulders tightening with every excuse the Principle had laid out for them. Peter had just leaned into his father, the man’s heartbeat a steady thump under the new 6th grader’s cheek. Finally the elder Stark had sighed, his hand coming up to gently smooth back his child’s tussled hair as Principle Parkinson began speaking.
“I’m sure you understand, Mr. Stark. We can’t just have young children running around our university with drugs. First they get a whiff of Pete’s inhaler here,” the red container is shaken for emphasis, Peter having to hide his wince in his Dad’s side as the precious contents rattle in the small container. “Then they get hooked on crack and marajawana.”
Parkinson’s grey eyes were warm as he looked down at Peter, and the boy can’t seem to shake the feeling that the man was hiding his craziness behind a mask of calm. Tony had pushed his child behind him, puffing up his chest as he stared up at the Principle’s pleasantly smiling face, his dark eyes never wavering in their intensity. They stared at each other for a few seconds, Parkinson taking a wary step back as the superhero walked forward.
“I will allow this, only because I can see that you are too stupid to even comprehend the amount of anger I will feel if my son gets even a cough from this stupid fucking school. You won’t see anything but the top of a fucking cardboard box when I am done with you.”
Narrowing his eyes at the other man, Tony had turned abruptly around, and, gently taking Peter by his shoulders, both Starks had walked out of the office. Peter had looked back only once, his hands never loosening their death grip on his Dad’s work shirt, and watched as the blood slowly bega
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Asthmatic Peter Parker
Young Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Worried Tony Stark
Mama Bear Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Kid Peter Parker
Child Harassment
Prompt Fill
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
child endangerment
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
One Shot
Complete
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Platonic Relationships
Platonic Cuddling
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

