Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The Stark Industry tower was was huge, modern and bright. Steve noted how the sun poured in through the ceiling to floor windows as a beta woman took him down the hall to Howard’s office. It was a hallway that was made of windows with different, tall, green potted plants spaced evenly out. It was warm and inviting, if Steve were a house cat he would nap here forever. Directly ahead of him and the women was a tall oak door with metal handles. It seemed like the other side led to a paradise of some sort, as if something behind the door was calling Steve’s name. Steve couldn’t imagine what it could be. He was here on a business trip to talk about merging their companies. And with Howard, an old friend; he hadn’t seen him in years but he was still a friend. And Howard was one of the few people that knew Captain America was back. Maybe the California sun was finally getting to him.The women knocked three times rapidly, before opening the door and slipping through. Steve followed but stopped as the beta woman stopped suddenly. Steve took in the layout of the office, as he did with any new landscape. An old habit that just didn’t seem to want to die. The room was minimalistic. The expensive oak desk sat center of the room, close to the window-wall that sat behind it. A dark leather chair sat behind the desk, it only had a shut laptop and a small stack of papers. To the right of desk was a door that Steve assumed led to a bathroom. To the far left of the room sat a grey, L-shaped couch with a white coffee table in front of it. There laid someone who was certainly not Howard. He was younger, and from what Steve could smell, an  omega .“Oh, forgive me Mr. Stark. I wasn’t aware you were in here.” She said softly, her voice apologetic. The boy looked up from his spot on the couch, where he had looked content. His hair was puffed up as if he had just woken from a nap, which Steve was willing to put money on that is exactly what he was doing before they walked in. He was in a suit, but his jacket was thrown on the other end of the couch. It was black in color and well fitted. The boy sat up, a smile on his sleepy face.“Don’t even worry about it, Angie. Neither does Dad.” He said, stretching his arms high above his head. He slowly grabbed his suit jacket, his body still asleep, and shimmied it on before making his way closer to Steve. Steve’s nose took in every smell the boy radiated in as much as he could in that moment. The boy smelled like sun and peaches. Steve could feel something grow in the pit of his stomach; whether it was a good or bad feeling had yet to be determined. The boy held out his hand for Steve to take. Steve took it gently and shaked, feeling the omega’s hand in his own. They were soft but his hands were of a worker, Steve could tell. “I’m Tony.” He said, his voice rough with sleep.“Stark? I assume.” Steve said, his voice deeper than normal. Almost as if he was stalking prey. Steve didn’t miss the small shiver that went up Tony’s spine. His soft brown eyes meeting his own with a delicate smile. Steve knew Howard had a son, he skimmed over that part in Howard's file when he woke up from the ice. More concerned on assimilating into modern times and looking for Bucky.“The one and only.” He said and looked at Angie who had an eyebrow raised.“This is Steve Rogers. He’s your father’s two-a-clock appointment.” Angie said.“I think his meeting with Obie is running a little late. I’ll start with Mr. Rogers until Dad gets here.” Tony said, smiling at Steve who hadn’t stopped looking into Tony’s eyes. Angie looked at Tony for a solid three seconds, as if asking if he was sure before turning to leave.“Of course, I’ll inform your father.” Angie said before disappearing out of sight. Tony gestured for Steve to follow him to take a seat in one of the leather chairs in front of the oak desk. Steve took advantage of the short walk to oogle Tony’s ass, which Steve was sure was soft as a peach. Steve took a seat in the chair closest to Tony, who leaned against the desk and faced Steve. “So, Mr. Rogers-”“Steve.” Steve said with that Brooklyn smile that he knew could charm anybody. “Mr. Rogers makes me feel 90.”Tony giggled and leaned forward just a bit. “Then call me Tony.”“Alright, Tony.” Steve almost purred. There was something about Tony that Steve wanted to devour. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to devour those pump, pink lips or his neck as he pounded Tony over the very desk he was leaning against.“How are you liking California?” Tony asked, mischief in his eyes as he bit his lip. Steve could have let out a moan from that sight alone. He couldn’t wait to tell Bucky about Tony.“I like the sun here.” He said, before boring his eyes into Tony’s. “And the locals are damn pretty.”“Hmm. That’s quite the statement.” Tony asked, softly, leaning into Steve’s space a little bit more. “ Are they all that pretty?”“Just the ones with doe eyes.” Steve said smiling as a pink blush spread on Tony’s cheeks.“I’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Janet Van Dyne
but only for a very small scene
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Howard is a gr8 dad in this fic
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Omega Janet Van Dyne
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
playboy bunny costumes bc I think they're adorable
this is so self indulgent
Angst
but only for a second!

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Janet Van Dyne
but only for a very small scene
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

