Work Text:
It was a dark, stormy day when the third faction of the Avengers reappeared on Earth. The thunder and flickering lights were impossible to miss. Tony got up from his workstation - pausing to brace himself on the edge, because for a moment the room swam in a way that had nothing to do with Thor - and moved slowly to the window. They were filtered constantly now so that Tony could see out, but no one could see in.Out on the lawn, the light slowly faded to reveal three people. Tony couldn't muster up any surprise to see that the Hulk and Loki were both with Thor. Even as Tony watched, the Hulk shrank back into Bruce Banner. Banner was the one who moved forward, one hand out-stretched, to meet the stream of new Avengers that spilled out of the Compound.Banner and Thor would vouch for each other, Tony thought, and then both of them would probably vouch for Loki. He could see it clear as day. That meant there was no need for Tony to make an appearance. He returned to his desk and continued working on the bracers for Rhodey. So far, Rhodey couldn't walk with them for more than a couple of minutes before it got too painful, and no amount of physical therapy seemed to be making a difference. He was convinced that the problem was in the bracers, and determined to figure out a way to change that.He couldn't avoid the new arrivals forever, though. The compound was only so large, and when Tony needed coffee he didn't care who or what got in his way. About a week after the three of them arrived - and only a day since Carol's report accepting Thor and Banner into the new Avengers crossed his desk - Tony stumbled into the kitchen and headed straight for the coffee machine. His vision was filled with spots as he poured himself half a cup and then filled the rest with milk. He hated the way coffee tasted bitter the more his little side reared its head, but he needed the caffeine more than he needed to enjoy the taste."Tony? Are you okay?""Go away," Tony said without heat, drinking half the cup in one fell swoop. At least the milk cooled the coffee enough that he didn't burn his tongue. Last time that happened, he'd broken down into tears and nearly fallen apart completely. Only the sound of FRIDAY's voice, giving him short, simple instructions, had enabled him to cling to the last of his self-control."Tony," Banner said again. He sounded worried.Tony sighed into his cup and turned around. "Let me say this once," he said, as patiently as possible. "I don't care that you're here. I really don't. I have more important things to worry about." He held in a laugh that would sound a little too hysterical to be safe. Behind Banner, he saw that Loki and Thor were watching him closely. Strange. Not too long ago, Loki couldn't stand to be within a mile of his brother. Distantly, Tony wondered what had changed. Banner would probably tell him if he asked, or Loki would kill him on the spot for being nosy. Either one would be fine at this rate."I'm -""Don't," Tony said, cutting Banner off. He held up a hand. His fingers were shaking, he saw. It felt like his whole body was going to rattle apart. He'd never gone this long without letting himself be little. The longest was after Afghanistan, before Steve came into his life.Steve."I have to go," Tony said, and fled without even refilling his cup. He barely made it back to his room before the tears came, hot and shameful on his face. He was trying so hard not to care that Steve and the others had abandoned him, and most of the time he was successful. It was only when the ever-persistent thoughts of his daddy snuck up on him that he couldn't hold it together. He cried for well over an hour, curled up on his bed, which was 59 minutes more than Steve Rogers deserved, and even then it was only because he cried himself to sleep. He woke up when he wet the bed, his bladder releasing because he wasn't awake to properly concentrate. Tony scrambled out of the sodden sheets and quickly stripped the bed, tossing the mess and his ruined boxers and jeans into the trash. His throat felt tight as he climbed into the shower to erase the rest of the evidence."Something has to change," Rhodey said on the phone later that night. "You can't keep going on like this, Tones. It's not healthy."Why had he told Rhodey again? Oh yeah. Because in exchange for testing out the bracers and being honest about feedback, Rhodey had extracted a promise that Tony would be honest when he was coming too close to being little. Tony scowled at the nearest speaker. "I'm fine.""You're not fine. Like time I saw you, you were so pale you could give Caspar a run for his money.""Caspar?""You've forgotten the "friendly ghost"?" Rhodey said, voice full of disbelief. "Now I know something is wrong. You used to love watching that movie.""Shut up. It's not that bad," Tony muttered, rubbing at the bridge of his nose. He had a near-constant headache now. He would never admit it, but this was only getting worse, not better. "Yes it is.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
no ragnarok spoilers
alternate universe - littles are known
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism
Age Play
Infantilism
Baby Tony
Mama Loki
Daddy Loki
steve used to be tony's caregiver
obviously that stopped when civil war happened
drops
Headspaces
Little Headspace
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Protective Loki
caregiver loki
idk i just needed loki looking after tony
Trauma
Diapers
Pacifiers
thumb sucking
bed wetting
Cuddling
Hugging
sleeping
diaper changes
loki is a good parent
Exhausted Tony
Tony Feels
overwhelmed tony
Tony Stark Feels
Loki Feels
Loki Needs a Hug
Odin's A+ Parenting
Loki loves children

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark

