Work Text:
"I'm sure the team will be here soon."Tony sighed and rested his head against the wall. "That's the fifth time you've said that in ten minutes," he pointed out, doing his best to keep the annoyance from his voice. It wasn't Steve's fault that Hydra had kidnapped them. Just like it wasn't Steve's fault that Hydra had drugged them and then promptly thrown them in what could only quantify as a literal hole in the ground. The only light available to them was the sunlight that had seeped in around the cracks of the door above their heads; Tony was dreading the thought of how dark it would be when the sun went down."Excuse me for trying to stay positive," Steve said. His voice had taken on a breathy quality that Tony couldn't pinpoint, but which made him uneasy. He needed Steve to be at his best, not succumbing to whatever drug Hydra had pumped into him. "How about you focus more on getting us out of here?" Tony suggested, straightening up and running over their situation again. The hole was just tall enough for him to stand up straight, but Steve had to crouch. The armor and the shield were both gone. Steve had been stripped to his boxers. Tony was wearing the flight suit he usually wore when he knew he'd be spending a long time in the armor, but that was it - all of his tech had been taken as well. Neither of them had any weapons. Steve had tried throwing his weight against the door, but it didn't budge and Steve said the effort made him feel nauseous. Tony was suffering no ill effects from the drugs except for a mild headache that could've also been from the initial blast that had knocked him off his feet, but the door hadn't budged for him either. He couldn't see well enough to tell what it was made of - some kind of metal, from the feel of it - but either it was reinforced to withstand Steve's strength or Hydra soldiers had piled things on top of it. Tony was hoping for the former. The idea of being buried alive, after all the time he'd spent in the caves in Afghanistan, was not a pleasant one.A chill ran through him even though he was sweating, and he squeezed his eyes shut to better force the panic back. And that was the first moment that he noticed the smell. It wasn't an unpleasant smell by any means; it was musky and potent, sending another shiver down his spine that had nothing to do with panic and cold (and it was getting cold, the chill in the air increasing as the temperature started to drop, and that was something else he was trying not to think about). He recognized this smell, though. It was the one that Steve got sometimes when he was watching Bucky and Natasha train together, a lighter version of the smell that covered Steve's and Bucky's floor for days every three months. It was the smell of a rut."Steve," he whispered.Steve, to his credit, didn't try to beat around the bush. "I'm not due for another six weeks," he said through gritted teeth. "It's the drugs, it has to be. Sorry. I'm trying to keep a hold on it, but -" He grunted, low in his throat, and Tony opened his eyes just in time to see Steve sinking down against the wall. He had his legs spread, and Tony didn't think he was imagining the ample bulge between Steve's thighs.A rut. Oh hell. Of all the things they did not need right now, it was that. Tony's mind raced, trying to think up a solution, but he was coming up blank. Bucky and Steve were both alphas. The two of them handled ruts away from the rest of the team. Tony had no idea what they did for it, since traditionally an alpha's ruts were difficult to handle without an omega nearby. Which basically meant that having Tony around was the worst thing in the world for Steve right now. He looked up at the door with renewed desperation.He hammered on the door for several minutes, then spent even longer running his fingertips around the edge, trying to determine whether there was a weak space he hadn't noticed before. He must have stepped too close to Steve, because on his third walk around, strong arms wrapped around his waist. Tony froze as a head nuzzled against the base of his spine, just above his ass. Steve made a deep, undeniably hungry sound, and that was all it took to make the flimsy grip Tony was holding on his arousal completely break. He bit his lip so hard the taste of blood flooded his mouth as Steve moaned."Oh god, you smell so good," he said. "Tony, I want you.""No you don't. That's the rut talking," Tony croaked. Shit, between the pheromones Steve was giving off and the delicious smell in the air, his body was well on its way to demanding that he be fucked immediately. He squirmed at the unpleasant sensation of slick starting to leak between his butt cheeks."No, it's me. I want you so bad it hurts," Steve said. "Please, can I have you?""No.""But Tony -""Think of Bucky," Tony ordered, and slapped himself across the face. That helped a little. He pried Steve's arms off and took a few shaky steps away, immeasurably glad when Steve actually let go. He didn't actu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - ABO
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark
Dubious Consent
ruts
Heat Cycles
Steve is drugged by hydra
tony gives him a handjob
but since steve is drugged into a rut
it's arguable how much he can consent
even though steve very much wants it anyway
slick
Self-Lubrication
Masturbation
Hand Jobs
brief mention of sex toys
like one line and you miss it
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
communication is not a thing in the MCU
but it is in this fic
Bucky Barnes has no fucks left to give
he's also pretty jealous of steve NGL
First Kiss
Established Relationship
between bucky and steve
tony is the odd man out
but not for long
actually way fluffier than some of the tags make it sound
civil war does not exist here
Happy Ending
Cuddling
Love Confessions
Oblivious Tony Stark
Mostly Fluff
very little angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

