Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Tony opened his eyes, he was stark naked and his first instinct was to raise his arms and call out for Dada.Fortunately, Bruce stepped forward before Tony could follow through on that instinct. He gently cupped Tony’s head with his hands, tipping Tony’s chin up until they were eye-to-eye. “Do you know who I am?” he asked, unusually serious. “Tony?”It took Tony a moment to remember how to get his tongue to work, but finally he mumbled, “Science bro.” It came out a little more slurred than he would like, but it was clear enough to make a look of relief flash across Bruce’s face.“Right. That’s right,” Bruce said, still looking into his eyes. “And do you remember the past two months?”Tony didn’t, actually, until Bruce said that. Turned out that he actually preferred it that way. Because then it was like the fog in his brain dissipated, and the events that had led them to this moment were all there in a stark, horrifying clarity. Oh yeah, he remembered. He remembered that he was going to kill Loki.“Tony?” Bucky said when the silence dragged on.Bruce let go when Tony twitched, letting Tony turn his head to survey the rest of the office. The rest of the team wasn’t in the room with them, but that made it no less disconcerting to see that Bucky and Steve were right up in his personal space, clustered right behind the bed Tony was sitting on. Which, in retrospect, wasn’t a surprise, because up until five minutes ago Tony’d had the body and mind of a one-year-old, and he had been very attached to both of them.“No,” Tony said, and that was super weird. He’d said that a lot as a baby, hadn’t he? Not that anyone had ever listened. He had some too-vivid memories of people bathing him, changing his diaper, rocking him, or putting him to bed in spite of Tony’s protests. “You don’t remember?” Bruce asked.“Is that bad?” Steve said. The sound of his voice made something in Tony’s chest twist. He didn’t like that Steve wasn’t touching him. He had to sit on his hands to keep from acting on the instinct to reach out. “No, not necessarily. Tony didn’t know who we were when he was a baby, so it stands to reason that he wouldn’t remember anything when he returned to normal. We don’t know much about Loki’s magic, but it does seem designed to cause the maximum amount of mayhem.” Bruce sighed. “Maybe it’s for the best.”Steve didn’t look like he agreed with that assessment at all, but he didn’t argue with Bruce. He looked at Tony. “Do you feel okay?”That depended on what Steve was asking. Physically, Tony was fine. Mentally? He was a fucking mess, torn between wanting to suffocate himself with a pillow, murdering Loki, or flinging himself into Bucky’s and Steve’s arms. He fought through all three conflicting urges and came up with a strangled, “I’m fine.”“You don’t look fine,” Bucky said. He’d always been too good at reading Tony, and apparently the past two months had only improved those skills. Tony scowled.“I just lost two months of my life,” he said, proud that it came out relatively calm, if sharp. “How do you expect me to look?”“We’ll give you some space,” Bruce said, exchanging a look with Steve. “There’s clothing on the counter over there when you’re ready. Do you need help?”“I think I can dress myself,” Tony snapped. Steve flinched a little, but no one else reacted. The three of them filed silently out of the room. Too late, Tony realized that he hadn’t actually asked them what had happened. And he should’ve if he wanted to maintain the lie that he didn’t remember anything. He rubbed his head hard with both hands and groaned. This was going to be so needlessly complicated.It took him longer than he wanted to get dressed, because his legs felt very weak when he stood. It was like it was taking his brain a few minutes to remember how to make his limbs respond to movement. At least he got to pull on boxers instead of having to suffer the indignity of a diaper, and Tony very pointedly ignored the small part of him that missed the comfort of the padded diapers. He got dressed, he walked out, he demanded an explanation from Bruce, and then he fled.But it turned out that that small part was not so easy to ignore.The memories haunted him. That was the only word for it. Not an hour went by without Tony thinking about it, no matter how hard he tried not to. And the thing was that, although he knew he’d been a baby at the time, the memories were as clear as though they’d happened to his adult body. He could close his eyes at any given time and remember Bucky laughing as he gave Tony a bath, or the feeling of being cradled in Steve’s arms as they rocked back and forth in the rocking chair.And he knew that the rest of the team was thinking about it, too. The first couple of times Tony surfaced looking for coffee, his stomach twisted at the sight of the baby bottles around the sink. He stopped and stared at them for a long time, remembering how good a bottle felt to his hungry tummy. How comforting it was to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
aftermath of age regression
aftermath of de-aging
tony was an actual baby
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism
Age Play
Infantilism
Diapers
Wetting
bed wetting
Embarrassment
Embarrassed Tony Stark
Daddy Steve
Daddy Bucky
Baby Tony
Headspace
Little Headspace
Discussion of kinks
Communication
Touch-Starved
tony stark wants to be loved
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
Tony Stark Is Loved
he just doesn't know it
thumb sucking
Teddy Bears
bed sharing
Cuddling
Hugging
Carrying

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

