Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony Stark had to make a choice – did he save the Avengers or did he save the hundreds of SHIELD agents and thousands of SHIELD support staff who weren’t HYDRA? In the end, the choice was an easy one. The Avengers were superheroes – super soldiers, super spies, gods even. They had the ability to save themselves. The agents and support staff were just people. Vulnerable, ordinary people doing their jobs to the best of their ability, who had been betrayed not just by the HYDRA spies within their midst but by two of their own, whose response to the problem was overkill instead of careful planning.
So that’s what he did. Between himself, JARVIS, his suits and those SI staff who were brave enough to place themselves in danger to rescue people, Tony worked to save as many as he could. Agents, support staff and their families. It was exhausting work, even with JARVIS’ help. Even with Maria Hill’s help. She’d been one of the first he’d picked up and she’d immediately turned to help once she realised what he was doing. She’d made it easier. The agents knew her and had responded to her commands, had trusted those Tony sent based solely on her words.
It took weeks to extract everyone, to reunite them with their families, to find new places, new jobs for them, to see to their medical and psychological care. (Because sometimes they hadn’t been quick enough and the extraction had not been from a shootout or a hostage situation but from the clutches of HYDRA and Tony knew that wasn’t something you came back from all rosy and clean.) Most of them asked to stay with Stark Industries. It left Tony a bit nonplussed and, of all things, bashful. Why would they want to stay? SI was just a tech company, not a super-secret spy agency. But apparently that was why they wanted to stay. They were a bit over the whole super-secret spy agency thing, especially when they found out why they’d ended up in so much danger.
Maria had laughed at him, actually laughed at him – kindly, gently and more than a little baffled that he didn’t realise how much of their loyalty he had won with his loyalty. No one else had come for them. No one else had lifted a finger to help them, to save them and their loved ones. But Tony had. And he hadn’t had to. He had no real association with SHIELD other than his ‘consultant’ status. Everyone knew that was just to keep him close so that the Avengers could have their toys and funding. He had no reason to save them or protect them and yet he had. The agents and support staff repaid that with their loyalty.
It took six weeks for Tony’s choice to bite. 
Floors in the Tower that had been planned for Avengers accommodation had been hastily repurposed into apartments for some of the former agents and their families. Maria, Pepper and JARVIS had quietly reallocated funding that had previously gone to SHIELD (and from them to the Avengers) into relocation expenses, salaries for the new SI staff and to pay current and ongoing medical bills. Tony was busy placating governments who were a bit spooked by sudden shootouts in their streets or by Iron Man armour flying into their airspace without warning or by sudden explosions in what had been thought to be abandoned buildings or just by the revelation that HYDRA wasn’t as gone as everyone had thought.
It wasn’t until SHIELD issued credit cards were declined and SHIELD funded bank accounts were empty that the bite occurred for Steve Rogers and Natasha Romanov. Sam Wilson still had his own credit cards and covered the bill but they had to stop then, unable to keep going without the kind of funding they were used to. Calls to Tony went to voice mail or were picked up by JARVIS who told them that ‘Sir is very busy. I will be sure to pass your message along to him at the first convenient opportunity.’
They turned up at Stark Tower. The huge A left from the battle of New York was gone and had been replaced by the eponymous STARK. It sent a shiver down their spines but they couldn’t say why. They walked into the foyer to be greeted by unfriendly looks and a hostile atmosphere. They didn’t know why until Natasha saw familiar faces glaring at her with hate and disdain. But the true cut didn’t come until they were declined access to the Tower and told to wait. They expected Tony, hurrying out to apologise for the mistake and usher them upstairs, but instead Pepper Potts walked out of the elevator. She was dressed in a business suit and wore power heels so high and so thin that they could genuinely be considered a weapon in their own right. Pepper walked on them as though they were the most comfortable of ballet flats, an intimidating message of its own right there.
“Captain Rogers,” Pepper said, cool and distant. “Ms Romanov.” She paused and arched an intimidating eyebrow at Sam. “I’m afraid I don’t know who your… friend… is.”
It was a lie. They could all see that it was a lie. She knew who Sam was but this was a power play and Pepper had all the power and s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
none really - Relationship
Though given the timing
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
would be the background relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Steve Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Particularly Sam Friendly
Though he barely says anything
Not Avengers friendly
Tony was a consultant
That does make a difference
Pepper Potts will kill you with her shoe
Civil War Team Iron Man
even though it's before civil war

fandom: 
none really - Relationship
Though given the timing
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
would be the background relationship

