Work Text:
Loki ran. He tore through the hallways with the drive of panic, and the startled focus of playing out an escape he’d long planned, and never believed he’d execute. He raced through corridors, into the stairwell and up where they’d prepared for down, found the fire exit (they’d have that covered), ran straight for the opposite wall and took the window at a leap. Now land on your feet Loki, but take much of the weight with your hands; your hands are no use to you if you can’t run.He landed hard, rolling readily forward onto his hands and then his shoulder and back, dispersing the impact, and then lay winded for a few precious seconds before he rolled to his feet and took off running down the street. He’d sprained his left ankle a touch, minor enough that it might have given him no trouble if he’d had more time to let his body recover from the fall, but as it was the abused muscle spasmed and swelled under the constant impacts and contractions of his sprinting pace.He caught attention as he ran, a badly bruised omega racing full throttle down a daytime city street, and that was a problem. At least he wasn’t in heat, and that was for the first time in a long time as Thanos liked to induce heats artificially in his pets, to keep them confused and desperate. Loki had spent years learning to think clearly through them, and so he’d managed to know the layout of the building he’d just left, and the roads around him. He’d been ready when they took him off the drugs to let his body withdraw a little. The intention was to let the pills regain their potency, and they never imagined what Loki might accomplish with a cool head.Now his unusually clear mind was telling him that he was in trouble. This was as far as he was going to get. His plan had involved blending into the crowd and stealing enough money to arrange transport out. He’d not taken into account how much he would stand out like a sore thumb in the washed and unwounded population of the city streets, most of them betas to his omega, a conspicuous difference.There was the crack of a gunshot and pain lancing up his right leg, but his stride held true. The bullet had scraped along his right medial calf, only just too deep to be called a graze. They were trying to catch him alive then, if they’d aimed that low. Loki kept running, but the flex of muscles in his calf was pushing blood out through the bullet wound, and he hadn’t been well hydrated to start. He needed water if he was going to stay conscious. He stopped running and ducked into a store, muscles sore and cramping, shivering with the onset of a gripping chill.“Jesus fucking Christ,” someone swore as soon as he limped in.“Beaten and ready for the crucifixion,” Loki gasped absently as he took in his surroundings. He leaned a hand against the counter and winced, realizing his left wrist was far more damaged from the fall than his sprained foot.He was in a small drugstore, really more like an apothecary, cozily furnished and crowded with shelves and herbs, and there was a very comfortable looking couch in the corner that kept distracting him with its comfortable-looking-ness when he needed to focus on other things. The person who had cursed was the only other occupant, a short but solid man who looked to be in his thirties. An alpha (damn), with a neat goatee and a look of growing horror on his face. Loki trained his eyes on the other man and pulled a knife from his belt that he’d been saving for a moment of desperation. Even alphas could bleed.“Whoa.” The man held up his hands in a gesture of surrender. “No call for that. Just tell me what you’re after. You want my money? Some kind of drug? Banner’s out for a few minutes but once he gets back we can set you up with something. I gotta say, you really don’t look so good. Just tell me what you need.” The room swayed. “Hey! Focus! What do you need?”“Water,” Loki whispered, and he swore when his knife slipped from numbing fingers.The alpha stepped closer once the knife was on the ground. There were pounding footsteps approaching, and the shouts and scents of a familiar pack coming for him. Desperate and out of options, Loki tried something that never, as a rule, ended well.He asked for help.He laid his hands in the alpha’s shoulders, as much to stay upright as for emphasis. “I need to ask you a very great favor.”“Who are you? There’s water in the back. Come with me.”Loki was seeing spots, and gravity was pulling him in odd directions. He didn’t have much time to communicate his plea. “When they come for me, lie. Tell them you accepted me into your pack. Better yet, tell them I’m dead.” Believable enough. I rather look it. “Whatever it takes to make them abandon the search. Please, if you do this, I…” I can give you money, I’ll sleep with you, come on, Loki, lie, hurry, make it worth his while. “If you do this, I…” Loki saw black.

.:.
Loki dozed, nearly waking, to the feel of a headache and the sound of raised voices. He heard the Other’s voice, slimy an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Mentions of non-con
Firefly Spoilers
ABO
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
AU
Alternate Universe
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Loki
Pack Dynamics
Pack Feels
Screwed up ABO Society
Omegas are basically slaves
Hurt/Comfort
Consent is Sexy

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki & Natasha Romanov

