Chapter 1: It Was Half a Second, and I Was Halfway Down
    




Chapter Text
“Shit, fuck!” Peter cursed vehemently as he attempted to drag his giant suitcase up the narrow stairs. He knew Aunt May would scold him for his language if she were here to witness this catastrophe, but she wasn’t. And if she were, Peter wasn’t entirely convinced that even she could abstain from a few choice words regarding the ridiculous dimensions of this stairwell. It was probably a safety hazard. What did they expect people to do if there was a fire, jump out the window? Peter grunted and groaned as he hauled the suitcase up the last few steps to the third floor. He had to use some of his super strength, if he was being honest, because those walls were fucking tight and he’d packed almost all of his belongings into this one bag (even though he was just moving across town). When he finally pushed open the stairwell door and stumbled out into the hallway, kicking his bag out in front of him, he was panting lightly with effort. He leaned against the wall for a moment, catching his breath.A boy with short blond hair and a Stanford t-shirt was passing by. “There’s an elevator over there.” He told Peter blandly, pointing down the hall.“Oh.” Peter felt his cheeks growing warm with embarrassment. “Right. Thanks.” The boy didn’t stop to chat, and Peter sighed as he watched him go, stomach sinking slightly. Way to go, Peter. Great job with first impressions. Maybe this year you’ll get to see what it’s like to be the dumbest person at school instead of the smartest. He watched a girl and someone who looked like her mom pass by as well, both glancing at him curiously before rounding the corner. He offered them a smile, but it was weak. He almost wished Aunt May were here to help him move in, but she’d had to work. Well, she offered to take the day off and come with him, but Peter had insisted that he’d be fine on his own. He knew she couldn’t afford to take time off. So here he was, all by himself, having lugged a super-sized piece of luggage and a backpack half-way across the city. (Getting through the subway turnstiles had been hell, and Peter had had at least one near-death experience with the train doors.)Peter gritted his teeth and pushed off the wall, preparing to go search for his room. He glanced around at the room numbers to make sure he didn’t take off in the wrong direction, because wandering around like he was lost was really not going to help his rep. He started walking in what he thought was the right direction, dragging his suitcase along behind him and continuing to look around curiously. So. This was where he’d be living for the next year. It was… Nice. Not the newest building, but it looked well-kept. He supposed it’s what he could expect for a freshman dorm at an ivy league school. Unless the building was infested with rats (and Peter really hoped it wasn’t), it would still be better than his apartment building in Queens. He felt bad about leaving Aunt May to live there alone, but she’d insisted she wouldn’t mind. She’d even joked about turning Peter’s room into a home gym as soon as he moved out. He’d argued at first, thinking that it would be cheaper to live at home and commute to school, but when they found out that Columbia was offering Peter a full ride, Aunt May had insisted. The real college experience, she’d said. And if Peter was being honest, he kind of liked the sound of that.He just hoped that he’d get someone nice for his roommate. Someone normal.He read the room numbers until he reached 318. He stopped outside the door and dug in his pants pocket for the key he’d picked up at the registration desk outside. But he hesitated before unlocking the door, suddenly nervous. This was it. He was meeting the person he’d be living with for the next ten months. Would they be friends? Good friends? Would it be one of those situations where they just tolerated each other and hardly spoke? Would they have anything in common? Peter had to make a good impression. He really didn’t want to spend the whole year tiptoeing around someone who hated him. Especially since he was planning on sneaking out every night to swing around the city in a brightly colored costume and hoping that this person didn’t notice anything weird.Peter took a deep breath and ran his fingers through his thick brown hair, trying to tame the mess a bit. It was a losing battle, but he felt like he ought to try anyway. He almost reached up to adjust his glasses, but then he remembered that he wasn’t wearing them. He hadn’t needed them for two years now, and if he was being honest they didn’t provide that good of a disguise for his secret identity… After all, there were these useful things called contacts that people wore now. So Peter had decided to go glasses-less this year. A fresh start at a new school. He hoped that maybe he’d have more success, you know, socially, than he had in high school if he didn’t look like a total nerd. Speaking of which… He glan
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Peter Parker
Loki/Spider-Man
Loki & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Loki and Peter are roommates
Fluff
ALL THE FLUFF
cute roommate problems
Peter being sweet and kind
and a genius
but Loki is smarter than him
and powerful as fuck
organic webs
spinnerets
spider instincts
Peter is 17
Smut
eventually
it'll take a while to get there
mostly just cuteness
Mutual Pining
Slow Burn
Mild Sexual Content
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Loki/Peter Parker
Loki/Spider-Man
Loki & Peter Parker

