Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Tell me about your nephew.” the blonde man commanded, and Obadiah Stane grimaced at the order in the deep voice. “You misunderstand, Rogers.” he said smoothly, covering his irritation. “My nephew is not a part of this deal. I’m not sure why you would—”“It’s Captain Rogers.” God the interruption rankled Stane, but he bit back an oath and smiled placatingly.“Of course. Captain Rogers. My nephew is not to be included in this deal. He is promised to the Viscount, Tiberius Stone, and they are set to announce their engagement any day.”“I see.” Captain Rogers tented his fingers in thought, giving a critical glance to the man sitting across from him. “And your nephew– Anthony, is it?– desires this marriage?”“He has no choice in the matter.” Stane waved off the inquiry. “Marrying into a titled family will benefit both of our homes, and Tiberius and he have a favorable relationship.”“The Viscount is willing to marry someone without a title?” The Captain pressed. “Why would that be?”“The Starks are very rich.” Obadiah cut the end off his cigar and lit it casually, drawing deep of the scented smoke to hide his annoyance at the Captain prying into their matters. “Rich enough to turn the heads of different levels of royalty, regardless of their Colonial heritage.”“And you, Stane–” the word was spoken as if dirty and Obadiah had to work hard to ignore the flare of anger.. “– you control the finances of the company until your nephew is of age?”“Until he is thirty.” Obadiah nodded. “And beyond that, as long as his husband sees fit to keep me involved.”“And Viscount Stone is willing to do that? Your nephew has no interest in the company? In learning the workings of it?” Rogers leaned forward in his chair. “You and the Viscount will be the ones I report to at all times? I have no interest in being in the employ of a child who has no idea what he is doing.”“Anthony is not a child, but he has no interest in the company, and will be content to simply be wed.” Obadiah said smoothly. “I have been running the company for nearly fifteen years now, which should tell you that you will have no issues dealing with me. We have several ships, and our merchandise is very valuable, and a Captain such as yourself commanding my fleet would be beneficial for everyone involved. The Viscount as well has an affinity for finances and business ventures, you should not worry.”“You would require my ship to be part of the Stark fleet.” Captain Rogers mused. “To ensure my loyalty.”“I can assure you, you will be compensated greatly for it.” Obadiah grinned around his cigar. “A partnership between yourself and Stark Company, with the backing of the Viscount will make us all very rich.”“I see.” The Captain rubbed at his chin. “I will have to converse with my First Mate, as he would be coming along, as well as my crew.”“Naturally.” Obadiah agreed. “Tis no small feat to give your independence up to work for the company. But you– a decorated war hero, owner of your own ship with a crew that is entirely loyal– this a smart step for you to take.”“Hm. I will require knowledge of your routes.” Rogers said firmly. “I aim to know exactly where you travel and when before I make my decision. I would also like to meet the Viscount Stone, to see the man I will be working for.”“Naturally.” Obadiah repeated. “If you would give me some time, no more than an hour, I will have all of it acquired for you, and the Viscount is staying here in the city, I can send for him shortly.”“That is acceptable. Is there somewhere I may—” He motioned vaguely. “–take a reprieve?”“Oh, by all means. This estate has some of the largest, most beautiful gardens in New York, please spend your time there, I will send a servant to fetch you when I am ready.”“Thank you.” Captain Rogers stood to his full height, putting him eye level with Obadiah. “An hour then.”“I look forward to working with you, Captain Rogers.” Obadiah managed a smile to hide the way he wanted to snarl at the Captain’s superior attitude. “I will send for you in an hour.”************************************************“What’d’ya think, Stevie?” the low voice brought the Captain over to a shadowed part of the garden path and he spied his first mate waiting in the foliage.“I think–” his voice lost the stiff intonation of the conversation with Stane, sliding into the easy near drawl that spoke of his youth in New York. “I think Stane is smarter than we are prepared for. He will make me give up the ship to work for him, Bucky. He isn’t letting his nephew into any part of the business, it will be him and the Viscount Stone only.”“Do you think that means the kid don’ know what Stane is doing?” Bucky asked carefully. “Y’think maybe he’s innocent?”“I think it would be hard to share a house with someone and not know what they are dealing in.” Steve said firmly. “I think his nephew is at least partially aware, which makes him completely guilty.”“This is a big deal.” Bucky shrugged, and Steve felt a jolt of guil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Pirate
Pirate Captain Steve
First Mate Bucky
Proper Tony
Strangers to Lovers
Arranged Marriage
Misunderstandings
Awkward Sexual Situations
Explicit Sexual Content
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Feels
Virgin Tony Stark
Swordfighting
Protective Steve Rogers
Morally Ambiguous Character
Tony Blushes a Lot
Minor Violence
Platonic Bed Sharing
Clint Barton & Sam Wilson Friendship
Tony Is A Genius
First Kiss
Polyamory Negotiations
Threesome - M/M/M
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Revenge
Miscommunication
Family Secrets
Espionage
Slavery
Redemption
Obadiah is the Worst
Hurt Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Marriage
Drunk Tony Stark
Tony is a BAMF
Character Death
Getting Back Together
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Making Up
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

