Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Just a heads up on a few things – it’s been REALLY hard trying to match up the age of Thor and Loki with everything in their histories. I don’t think the MCU did that great of a job on laying out a timeline for their ages – so I’m making my own a little. Bear with me on it, it shouldn’t come up too much in comparison to stuff that happens aroudn them.
Pain was the only thing that he could feel. Every inch of his body felt as if it’d been torn apart. Inside, his magic was screaming, battering against the bonds that held it tight, while outside it felt as if something were trying to peel the very skin off his bones. It was agony, unlike anything he’d ever known. He screamed, only to feel the pull against his lips, the tear of thread against flesh, and he gagged at the bile that rose in his throat.
Father, he wanted to beg. Father, please!
When he looked up, cold eyes were staring back at him, making it clear no quarter would be found here.

The same hands that had once gathered him up and carried him to bed, that had held his hand when he was still only waist high, now slapped him away when his own traitorous hands reached for a being who had once meant safety. Now, that very same person meant only pain.

As if his father could hear him, his sneer grew. “You are no son of mine.”
A hand came flying up, and then the world was a blur of sound and light and pain, and he was screaming, begging, let it be over. Please, let it be over! Please, no, Father, please! Fa—
“—ther!”The sound of his own voice wrenched Tony Stark from the last dregs of that hellish nightmare. Pain still echoed all through his body and on his lips. In a flash, his hands were up at his mouth, fingers pressing in only to find the fuzz of his facial hair and smooth lips. A ragged gasp tore from his lips. A dream, he told himself. It was only a dream. Somehow, that reminder did nothing to ease the pain, nor the way his hands shook as he lowered them back down.Gods above, it’d been a long time since he’d had that dream! Years could go by without it plaguing him, only for it to crop up at the worst possible times when he was at his absolute lowest. Then it was as if his mind wanted to remind him that things really weren’t that bad. They could be worse. So much worse.Tony had barely dropped his hands back down before a familiar, low voice started to speak. Just hearing it was enough to help calm the pounding of his heart.“Good morning, sir. It is 5:07 in the morning and the temperature today is due to reach a high of seventy-two. You have a meeting with Ms. Potts this afternoon to discuss your plans for the Tower’s arc reactor, as well as a conference call scheduled for afterward. Also on the agenda for today, I do believe it is time for Dum-E’s routine maintenance – his movements have become increasingly erratic the past three days, suggesting there is something wrong.”The words washed over Tony like they had a magic of their own. So far, nothing in his current life had ever helped to break him from nightmares as quickly as JARVIS was able to. The AI was amazing at walking the line between too much or too little information. He could talk for the next hour if it were what Tony needed to settle down once more.At the back of his mind, in the place where he kept things he knew better than to think about, memories of someone else soothing him after nightmares, scratched at the walls, only to be ruthlessly shoved down.One shaky breath, and another, and then one more for good measure, and Tony finally managed to put on a shaky smile he knew wouldn’t fool JARVIS. “Morning to you too, J.”“I have coffee brewing already in the kitchen, sir, and it should be done by the time you’ve had your shower.”Oh, coffee. That sounded like exactly what Tony needed. A good strong cup to help wake him up. There was no way Tony was going back to sleep after this. “I knew you were my favorite for a reason, buddy,” Tony praised him.JARVIS proved why he was Tony’s favorite even more when he said nothing about the way that Tony’s legs shook when he first tried to stand beside his bed. With fumbling steps, Tony made his way to the bathroom, where he found the shower was already on. All Tony had to do was stagger his way over to the shower and put himself inside. Thank God he slept in the nude. Tony didn’t even have to waste time stripping anything off. All he had to do was grab the glass door and open it enough for him to almost fall inside.Once in there, he didn’t worry so much about keeping his legs under him. He sank down onto the seat that, lately, had been getting used as a support in too many decidedly un-sexy ways. There, Tony was free to hold the nearby railing and bow his head under the almost scalding water as he tried to chase away the last vestiges of a nightmare he knew he’d never be able to entirely get rid of.In here, where he knew no one but JARVIS could see or hear him, where there was no one around to catch his moment of weakness, Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Charles Xavier
Loki & Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Thor

freeform: 
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Banishment
Hurt Tony Stark
Past Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting
Trigger Warnings
potentially graphic depictions of torture
in dreams - Freeform
Nightmares
JARVIS is a good bro
Thor Is Not Stupid
messed up families - Freeform
Adoption
Internalized racism
Mentions of incest
But not actually incest
they're not really related
um
I think that's it? - Freeform
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Asgardian Tony Stark
Internalized Homophobia
gender fluid characters

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Charles Xavier
Loki & Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Thor

