Work Text:
“Agent Carter went to a considerable amount of trouble, and no small risk, to see this made it to your hands,” T’Challa intoned mildly as he watched Steve turn the tape case over in his hands.  The case was rectangular. Dark brown plastic, pebbled, except for a shiny, flat strip across the front, which was embossed with three strips of yellowed masking tape, marked in a faint, but elegant black script that Steve would recognize anywhere.  He had no idea what he had been expecting when T’Challa’s invitation—summons, he mentally corrected with a frisson of frustration—reached him…Bucky, in that first flash of fear when he read the message on one of the burner phones stowed in the recess behind the refrigerator in the pay-by-the-week apartment he was renting.  Something had gone wrong.  With the cryo.  With…the rehabilitation.  Bucky, and all of this was going to start over again, and Steve wasn’t sure if he could do it.  He would.  Of course, he would.  That was what he did.  He got up, brushed himself off and faced whatever it was that needed facing.  He just wondered if maybe a little less of him did it each time.  The Accords.  They’re sending them somewhere, the pieces that were left on the board.  A test.  A trial balloon to see who would balk.  Who would be in  non-compliance , the sterile, lawyerly word for under arrest that had kept filtering through the numb, burned out edges of Steve’s mind on that tense, quiet plane ride to London when Tony wouldn’t look at him, just sat there, tight-jawed, staring out the jet’s window, but somehow made all the other arrangements down to the black suit waiting in Steve’s hotel room and the spray of white gardenias that Sharon thanked Steve for while he stared blankly at her and let his mind skip across stories of blackouts and luminous pins and the rich sound of Peggy’s deep, caustic laughter at the idea of relying on a fashion accessory to keep from getting run over on the dark London streets.  The others.  Ross and his floating prison built to house exactly one kind of inmate.  They’d been caught.   Worse, Steve’s mind had supplied.  How many times will I not be fast enough?  Too many.  That was the answer, and he knew it, and he hated the knowing.  The certainty, spinning round and round like a coin on its edge until the force of it gave way to stillness.  It was going to happen again.  One day. It always did, when you thought you were done or safe or could breathe for a moment.  Something…else.   God, no  , Steve remembered thinking, the way the plea had burst bright and sharp into his head, followed almost without pause by,  we’re not ready .  That other thing that loomed at the edge of dreams he couldn’t remember.  Too soon.  That had been his first thought when he got the cryptic message.  It was too soon. They weren’t ready.  Not even close to it.  Too fractured, too angry, too far apart, too--Broken.  All these thoughts hit him the instant he opened the message, but T’Challa’s ‘ I have something that belongs to you, ’ hadn’t been any of that, though it carried its own kind of nearly unbearable hollowness now, because he didn’t want this.  It wasn’t his, whatever it was.  Why had she left this for him?  The question lingered with no answer, save a frisson of discomfort that chilled its way down his spine.  He didn’t want to know, but he had to, now, because she left it to him.  Left it in his hands, long before she forgot him, long before he was thankful she had.  And what did those hands do with it, he thought with a sudden rush of bitterness as he turned the thing T’Challa had given him over, looking for some kind of clue.  I had no choice, he told himself but the words were empty now. Cold. I had no choice is the mantra of a man who made a choice and wanted to believe he hadn’t, and Steve wasn’t going to lie to himself.  Not anymore.  He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger.  When he popped the case open, a large, black cartridge with dual spools of tape on each side.  He stared at it for a moment, but it held no meaning for him, only questions, then closed the case and let his fingers run over a corner of one of the pieces of tape on the front where it was peeling ever so slightly away.Stark Expo, 1974.Christmas, 1980.Howard’s Lakehouse, 1985.“A VHS.  Little use to you now. I took the liberty of having the film digitized for you,” T’Challa told him, pulling a small flash drive from the pocket of his vest and holding it out to Steve.  For a second, Steve didn’t want to take it.  He did, of course, mumbling his thanks, or he thought he had.  “We have technicians who can restore it properly, and a media vault where the original can be preserved.  If you like.”Of course.  Of course, T’Challa had those things, and of course, Steve couldn’t very well carry the cartridge with him.  He made no move to hand it back, though, just stared at the letters and numbers on the pieces of tape, the way they curved and scroll
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Maria Stark is not so great either quite frankly
Suicide Attempt
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Gaslighting
Home Movies
Established Relationship
Homophobic Language
Burner Phone
Fix-It
Angst with a Happy Ending
Heavy Angst
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

