Work Text:
He came into her world a small, pale thing, muddied by his landing and half-stripped from his fall, and she could, oh, she could smell Odin on him like the claim of a dog’s piss: whatever he tried to tell her in the days to come about who he really was, Hela knew him from the start. Brother dearest. Only she had not asked for company—she didn’t know what to do with this boy, this knife-faced, strutting child. She could kill him, she supposed. Perhaps she would.“This place is horrible,” he said accusatorily, as if she’d picked out the curtains for it.“It’s a self-sustaining pocket dimension to house Odin’s mistakes,” Hela said. “Did you expect it to be comfortable?”Puling little bastard, probably not even a day over a thousand. All she was willing to grant him was that she liked those magpie eyes of his, darting around to see what he could steal: yet another sign of their relation.“How big is this place?”“Pace it out for yourself.”He gave a short, hard laugh. “I am most unfortunate in siblings.”Hela traced a single, mock tear down her cheek. “Poor boy, that must be so difficult for you.”“I only wanted to be the favored son,” he said, as though she cared. “Not even for always—sometimes I think even an hour would have done. Something to keep me from starving to death while Thor sat at banquet.”“First,” Hela said, “I don’t know who ‘Thor’ is, and don’t tell me, because I also don’t care.”“And secondly?”She felt hatred frost her lips and her throat, like she would have to crack through ice to speak. “I sat at Odin’s right hand for millennia. In the field of battle, we drank wine from the same cup to show that the blood that had been shed was both of ours by right. I was Father’s axe, to fall upon any necks that would not bend. And he remembered each and every one of my birthdays. And here I am. His favor was a pretty thing, but a petty one. Don’t fool yourself.” She wrenched an apple off a nearby tree and bit into it hard. “What did you do, anyway?”He lifted his chin. “Nearly destroyed all of Jotunheim. And I took the armies of the Chitauri to Midgard and laid waste there.”“What kind of waste?”“Almost a hundred dead at my own hand.” He seemed torn between pride and shame. What a soft creature: well, that was what civilization did to you. Only battle kept you hard enough that you always knew what you were and where you were going. “And you?”He had manners, at least. She almost hated to tell him. No, of course she didn’t, she adored telling him. “A hundred dead at my hand would have been the work of a moment and a very good mood. Maybe a raucous party. I rained steel and death upon two different worlds before Odin clucked his tongue at me and cast me down here, and when the door was still weak enough for me to try it, out of fear for me, he sent the Valkyries, and I slaughtered all of them save one.”“Why not the one?” he said, which she thought was a strange question.She remembered why, though. “We played together as children. And I had just splattered her lover’s blood across her mouth. I’m not entirely heartless.”“You’re terrifying.”“And you’re a snake who moves on his belly and thinks the dirt beneath him is the entire world.”His face changed just a little, a flare of color moving through it, the pink streak in otherwise white marble. He looked like he wanted her to ask about his feelings. Sniveling little shit with help-me eyes and greasy look-after-me hair. No wonder Odin had scooped him up or paid his birth parents for him or whatever that story of his had said—he fit the new royal image like a hand in a glove. Look, I’m so kind and benevolent I can afford to take on this malnourished little pup and call him princeling and raise him to think his every frown will be cosseted away.Maybe Odin had intended him as an additional torment to her. She wouldn’t be the least surprised.She took another bite of apple. “Are you just going to stand there looking sad or are you going to do something? Just curious, not trying to push you in any particular direction.”“What is there to do?”“Very, very little.”“Then maybe I will just stand here looking sad,” he said waspishly, and for an unnerving second, she almost liked him.*The next time Hela saw him was a year later. He sat beside her on the grass where she was watching one crow eat another crow.“This happens every day at the exact same time,” she said instead of saying hello.“They’re not real?”“Real enough that I’ve eaten them myself. The meat’s a little stringy, but I’ve had worse. No, they’re just like everything else around here; sunrise brings them back. Have you really spent a year in this place without realizing that?”“I’ve mostly been walking to see how far it goes,” he said defensively. “It’s a round world, you know, not like Asgard.”“Please, do tell me more about literally the only place I’ve been for the last ten thousand years.”She was still looking at the crows and hadn’t turned to see him, but out of the corner of her eye, she could see him smile. “I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hela & Loki (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sibling Bonding
Unintentional Redemption
Minor Violence

fandom: 
Hela & Loki (Marvel)

