Work Text:
"I'm here," Loki says.His voice is quiet and steady: real sincerity, not its counterfeit counterpart. Thor cannot quite say how he knows the difference, but it is there -- the absence of forced earnestness where Loki doesn’t mean it, perhaps. Now Loki's eyes are shining, his gaze fixed on Thor's. His hand is still up, holding the bottle-stopper Thor thought he was only throwing at a shadow.Thor thinks to ask Loki how he escaped Asgard's collapse. He thinks to laugh aside his own words, the honest longing in his voice when Loki's tangible presence felt impossible. Thor does neither of these things; instead he strides the length of the room, and sweeps his brother up into a hug.For a moment Loki stays stiff, his hand awkwardly to the side, before both of his arms come up and cautiously wrap around Thor in turn, the bottle-stopper pressing into Thor's shoulder-blade. They used to hug, and to lean upon one another, in a time so long past it almost feels as though it belongs to someone else. Now when Thor thinks of touching Loki he thinks of dragging him bodily by the arm, or of clasping his shoulder only to be greeted with a knife to the gut. Loki does not have a knife now -- he still has the bottle-stopper in one hand, the other curling against Thor's back. Loki has awkward angles, and nothing about the two of them fits together comfortably. It is still one of the best things Thor has felt in ages. Thor bows his head, closing his remaining eye and breathing in the scents of leather and sweat and ash and blood clinging to Loki's hair. Underneath all these is something else, familiar and cold."The Tesseract?" Thor asks, still pressed into Loki's shoulder."Yes," Loki says. "I wasn't exactly going to stay there and die." He shifts but doesn't pull away. "A shame it isn't powerful enough to transport a whole ship. You do realize this ship is set up for a planetary pleasure cruise, not a long haul through deep space? How much food do you think we have here?""Enough for us to get somewhere," Thor returns. He pulls back to clasp Loki's shoulders. Loki looks deeply unimpressed, and worn down. The hollow wound where Thor's eye used to be aches fiercely. He gives Loki a grin. "But you're right."Loki's eyebrows go up."I hadn't thought much further than our last stand, and defeating Hela," Thor elaborates. "You got our people out, and you're asking the right questions now." He tightens his hands on Loki's shoulders. Loki looks wary, but not puzzled, or offended, or like he's readying a sarcastic remark. Thor feels a welling-up of joy and affection, unlooked-for, emotions that have seemed like impossibilities for years now. "This is why I'm glad you're here, brother."Loki's face does something complicated, his mouth twisting with the tamping-down of some emotion. "Don't strain yourself," he says. "Come on, show me the ship."*First there is the matter of mourning the dead: Hela destroyed Asgard's entire standing army, and every elite warrior save Heimdall, Thor, Loki, and their rogue Valkyrie. Thor stands before his people on the bridge of their ship, saying a handful of halting, careful words about the einherjar, about Fandral and Volstagg and Hogun, fighting to keep his voice from breaking. He is grateful that some of Odin's lessons in kingship seem to have stuck with him, enough to stand on ceremony and look composed. He is more grateful that there are concrete problems to be solved, to keep them all busy. He finds those Asgardians who wish to learn combat, and sends them to Heimdall and the Valkyrie, or to Korg and his escaped revolutionaries, who also wish to be of use. Thor seeks out their healers, already busy with the wounded, and sends those who wish to learn other magics to Loki."What of Sif?" Thor asks Loki and Heimdall."She did not die on Asgard," Heimdall says, "nor was she among the people.""I, ah, may have sent her away," Loki admits. "I found a number of heroic deeds in need of doing and tasked her with them. She certainly would have found out I wasn't Father if she'd stayed, and I couldn't very well declare her a traitor to the crown. Her friends would never have stood for that." He glances at Heimdall. "Everyone was a little relieved when I got rid of you, you know. That all-seeing magic is very off-putting. No offense.""None taken," Heimdall says, very dryly."Heimdall," Thor cuts in, before Loki can do himself an injury, "could you see where Sif is now?""Of course." Heimdall gazes into the distance for a long moment. Loki looks in the same direction, an expression of affected thoughtfulness on his face, before he catches Thor looking at him and drops it."She is on Midgard," Heimdall says. "And since the Bifrost is gone, it is unlikely she will leave the planet before we arrive.""Well," Thor says, breathing out in relief, "that is good news.""You're welcome," Loki says, and looks very startled when Thor only laughs and claps him on the back before striding off. He is grateful that, whatever Loki's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Electricity Play
Sparring
Drinking
Spaceships

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

