Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony should have known something was up when Strange started taking an interest. Well, an interest beyond the initial physical and intellectual attraction. But by the time they got to that point, Tony was most of the way to being in love, and actually trusted the sorcerer to do right by him. Upon meeting Strange formally, the man had squinted at Tony, assessing him. Tony wasn’t put off by it. He’d been on the receiving end of those looks his entire life.Stephen Strange’s gaze though, ended differently than most. He favoured Tony with the barest of smiles. Once upon a time, Tony would have clung to that crumb of approval, craved it, and gone to extraordinary lengths to keep it.But ever since Siberia, his Give-A-Damn was broken, with rare exceptions (Peter. Rhodey, oh god, Rhodey). So he returned the small smile to Strange, and let it be genuine. Past Tony would have leered and given Stephen a flirtatious wink, or given out a yacht or something to maintain that approval. Current Tony would roll with the punches, no matter if Strange ended up liking him or not.Tony had spent hours talking about boundaries and healthy relationships with his therapist. Which was fine. Constructive, even. The Accords had rightfully demanded he deal with his PTSD, but he’d been allowed to choose his own shrink, and that was fine with him. It seemed to be working this time too, as things were getting through his thick skull here and there. He didn’t have to offer sex or extravagant gifts in order to maintain a friendship. He simply had to be a friend. Of course these were simple things that Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy had been trying to tell him for years. But he was finally ready to do some heavy thinking on the nature of friends and relationships, all thanks to Cap's masterclass of how to take advantage of someone's good faith.So he let himself casually offer to buy Strange a drink after their meeting regarding auxiliary membership to the Avengers on an on-call basis. Because he needed allies, and on the remote chance that the sorcerer might be intrigued with Tony as well. To Tony's surprise, Stephen had given him that curious, subtle smile again, and accepted. Which was ridiculous, because Tony was pretty sure that neither of them had the time to be doing something so frivolous, but he could hardly retract the offer.Then they immediately hit the first snag on the road to being friends. Typical of Tony, if he was being honest with himself about it.In a way it was a benefit that issues arose so quickly around the idea of going out. Because it confronted taboos they both held due to truama. Cars were a touchy subject with Strange, especially the sleek sports car that Tony had no right to be driving around with winter about to set in at any moment. Tony then had to explain he had the same touchiness when it came to portals, thanks to the Chitauri Invasion. They were at an impasse when Wong rolled his eyes, and told them in an annoyed tone that there were several bars within walking distance of the Sanctum Sanctorum. He then also barked at them to get out into the sunshine for a minute or two for a change.“It’s a bad idea to argue with him,” Stephen said sheepishly.“Noted,” Tony replied and gave Wong a quick salute. “FRIDAY, find us a purveyor of adult beverages that isn’t entirely a dive.”“On it, boss,” she said merrily, and set up a map of the neighbourhood on the display of Tony’s glasses.The sun was indeed nice, but the cold sucked, and Stephen agreed with Tony on both points.Once settled, and with the barmaid's full attention thanks to Tony's black AmEx, they quickly faded from small talk. The weather didn't interest either of them. Neither of them gave a fuck about sports. They instinctively avoided politics and the headlines. The cold weather had permitted Stephen to leave his gloves on, and not look terribly out of place in the pub. So Tony was surprised when his companion leaned forward, eyes on Tony's chest, and said, "I'll show you mine if you show me yours," in a conspiratorial voice.Surprised laughter bubbled up from Tony, and in the shared grin that followed, taboo vanished. It was okay to talk about the elephants stomping around the room, whichever one happened to be trumpeting the loudest at that moment. And it was mutually decided by both of them, and not Tony forcing his problems on unwilling ears. His therapist would be so proud."Okay, but not here. I don't need that showing up on fucking Tumblr," Tony said."I'm sure the slashfic plot bunnies are breeding as we speak," Stephen said, and took a sip of his drink."How the hell does a Sorcerer Supreme know about Tumblr?" Tony asked."Kamar-Taj has Wifi, Tony. We're not savages," Stephen said, parroting his early days there. Tony smiled wide at him, amused. Stephen thought he looked better and much younger when he smiled, but he kept that to himself for now. "All right, but I'm holding you to that," Stephen warned. "Tell me of the advantages of t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
not kind to steve rogers
Infinity War trailer got me thinking
salty Iron Man
salty Doctor Strange
Tony Stark is Done with This Shit
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Curiosity gets the better of Stephen Strange
Civil War Team Iron Man
Infinity Gems
Infinity Stones
Just where the heck is the Soul Stone?
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Feels
BAMF Tony Stark
Happy Tony Stark
Non-human Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Tony gets a word in edgewise
Hint: Tony is the Soul Stone
How the hell did this get so fluffy?
IronStrange
Domestic Avengers
Tony is a strong independent Avenger who don't need no Captain
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony has a lot to be pissed off about
Tony takes a kick at religion using logic and compassion
BAMF Stephen Strange
BAMF Doctor Strange
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Gamora has a Time To Be The Captain moment
schmoop and fluff
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
No Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
don't spoil the endgame

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

