Work Text:


September

 The lecture hall is still, cool, and quiet when Steve walks in out of the warm September morning. The lights are dimmed up front, and whoever was teaching in here during the previous class hour must have been using the projector. A handful of students have arrived before him, bent over their schedules or their phones, and only a couple look up when the door thuds shut behind him. Right. He can do this. He wants to do this. He wants to spend about an hour and a half, twice a week, just being himself and taking a class in modern American history. He wants to walk into this lecture hall on Tuesday and Thursday morning, sit down somewhere near the back, take notes, and learn how the world has changed around him. Steve grabs a print out of the syllabus on his way into the lecture hall and takes a seat towards the back. He doesn’t think he’s particularly recognizable, not when jeans, a tee shirt, sneakers, and a baseball cap look like uniform for most undergrads at NYU this fall. The glasses probably help, and the fact that he didn’t come in too early or too late. He probably looks nervous; he feels nervous as he glances around the lecture hall once more.Before he goes to sit down, he hears the doors behind him open and shut, and when he turns, the guy who walked in after him offers him a quick nod and smile. Steve hands the other guy a copy of the syllabus, and then feels his chest thrill a little when the guy murmurs 'thanks' and walks away without even looking twice at Steve. He supposes somebody will recognize him eventually, probably when he has to rush out of class for a mission and news about Captain America pops up on everyone’s televisions and phones hours later. That’s in the future, though. He'll deal with that moment, the recognition and the reveal, when he has to. Right now he just wants to get used to the idea of auditing a college-level history class, maybe meeting some of his classmates, and grabbing a sandwich and coffee after class while he does the first set of readings. It turns out it's really easy to be almost completely anonymous in a lecture hall with about a hundred other people. A quick survey of  the room as it fills proves that he's not the only non-traditional student. Sure, most of the people in the class look younger than Steve does, but there are a few students in their mid- to late-twenties, and probably a few older than that. He was right, though, about blending in and about more people being concerned about class than about some guy sitting in one of the last rows. Steve spends the few minutes before class filling the margin of a the page in his notebook with aimless doodles.The class is big enough that the professor doesn't call roll at the start, and Steve won't even need to identify himself or give his name out unless he wants to talk in class. Fifteen minutes pass before he realizes, yes, he wants to talk in class. He might even want to move his seat up about a dozen rows to be closer to the center of conversation. The professor is probably a few years older than Steve--or, well, right, a few years older than Steve minus the missing years, and something weird catches in Steve's chest when he realizes that. The man teaching the class is about the same age as he would've been if he'd come home from the war, settled back down in New York, got a job out here... He's also, Steve comes to realize within another half hour, quiet and serious, but with a quick encouraging smile, and he gets the students in the front rows to start talking to him even as he reviews the main topics addressed in the course. He has the syllabus up on the projector, but he talks without looking back at it too often, and he gestures more often to the syllabus the students have open in front of them than to the one behind him. The class lets out early after reviewing the course information and requirements. Steve waits, lingering in his seat after he puts his handouts into his binder, and then taps his pencil nervously against it as he thinks about going to talk to the professor. He's going to have to do so eventually; he might as well get it over with as soon as possible. When he stands, a couple students walking toward the back of the lecture hall smile at him, friendly and maybe a little flirty, and Steve flushes and ducks his head. It's been a long time since anyone's smiled at Steve Rogers that way, and, honestly, it's not an altogether bad feeling. The moment is enough to distract Steve from the nervousness that wants to settle somewhere between his heart and his stomach as he walks to the front of the lecture hall. Most of the other students have drifted away and their professor is left, shuffling papers into a folder. Steve has about a minute of total anonymity left; he might as well use it wisely. "That was a great introduction," he says, and offers his hand to the professor. "Dr. Barnes?" "Well, not doctor, not quite yet. Thank you, though. Professor's fine, well, even James
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Academia
Hurt/Comfort
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Hurt Steve Rogers
Mutual Pining
Holidays
Thanksgiving
Christmas
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Teacher-Student Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

