Chapter 1: An unexpected encounter
    




Chapter Text
An unexpected encounterIt was Peter Parker who transformed the compound – not the new decorating, or location. He was an asset to the place, a small change in atmosphere.Tony never considered having kids, more stress right? Except Peter Parker was in fact a kid, and he constantly visited the billionaire, heck, it was his second home. And he certainly offered enough stress to give the poor man an ulcer.But his love for the teenager never faltered, despite it all. Christmas was around the corner, and spending it with the people you love really does make it special. Except Christmas didn’t only involve loved ones, it involved the team. And the two things were both equally the same but completely different.
Because since when did Loki join the party?

 
Thor, Bruce and Loki entered the compound with a cautiousness that concluded they either nearly died, or was nervous of what they found.It was probably both.But what they simply discovered was a small suited boy casually writing an essay on the second floor couch, snuggled in a- was that a reindeer themed blanket?The boy’s eyes slowly wandered from Bruce to Thor, and widened at the third man.“Mister Stark?” Peter squeaked, almost dropping his mug onto the expensive laptop.Tony appeared from the kitchen, groggily holding a cup of coffee with bed hair that deserved an award. “Yeah, kiddo–” Tony mumbled, voice thick with sleep. His focus then asserted to the three men near the elevator, and he stumbled forward, realisation a harsh thwack to the face.“Jesus Christ- Bruce? Thor?” The man, clearly startled practically launched himself towards the two. Loki meanwhile stood awkwardly a few paces back, sighing. He glanced at the bare walls around him tediously. The man was never greeted or shown any form of welcome, and trying to overthrow the planet only happened once, people! But Peter on the other hand, observed the once terroriser with wide eyes, mouth agape.Loki noticed the dumbfounded teen and locked eyes, sending Peter’s big brown orbs urgently meeting his laptop, as if he totally wasn’t goggling at the man. A slight smirk spread across the Asgardian’s face, if only for a second.“What? Are you afraid?” The man teased; brows rose at the sight of the teen shuffle uncomfortably under his blanket.“N-No!” Peter quickly answered, shaking his head.Tony stepped forward, almost protectively, glancing up at the taller man. His movements were swift and wary, only concern being Peter. “I don’t know what the hell you’re doing here, but if you so much as lay a finger on that kid I’ll—”Thor quickly interrupted, hand separating the both. Loki smugly grinned at the smaller man, enjoying the sight of Tony so defensive. It was rather entertaining.“I can assure you, man of iron. My brother shan’t cause any harm, he’s practically a changed man!” Thor’s voice boomed, affectionately squeezing Loki’s shoulders. “We have greater matters to discuss, my friend. Such as a purple space being that seems to take interest in the great Midgard!” The man continued, guiding Tony (who was still glaring daggers at the God) and Bruce into the next room, leaving Loki, once again, left like chopped liver.“It appears we both are rather unneeded,” The pale man stated to the boy, prodding closer for better inspection. “You aren’t Tony's son, correct?” He questioned, leaving the boy stunned and falling deeper into the couch. The hairs on his arms were prominent and unsettled, though his spine remained calm; signalling he was safe.“No, I’m not.” Peter finally breathes, tilting his head. Now it’s his turn to analyse. “I thought you were bad, you don’t pose any danger. Why?” The spider seemed to find his feet suddenly, because now eagerness rather than terror was radiating from the kid- which earned a puzzled expression from the man.“We pick and choose our moments. Aren’t you too young to be involved in world saving and such?”“Aren’t you supposed to be dead?”
Ouch. 
“Touché, I can see why Tony likes you.” Loki nods, satisfied; finding a seat a few cushions away from Peter – squinting at Thor through the doorway, in which his brother goofily smiled.The God of Mischief hated his brother. He loathed him completely, without a doubt.Peter coughed, snatching back the God’s attention. “You and Thor seem close now, Mister- erm, Loki.” Watching him intently, he noticed the man’s expression sour at the comment. “It’s true! And I’m glad, from what I’ve heard, you used to be pretty inseparable.” His voice was warm and he held a soft smile, as if he encountered their past fondness himself.“Yes, well, things change, hm?” Loki cleared his throat, noticing that Peter had shuffled closer, the boy sharing a giddy grin, drunk on curiosity.“People change, too.” The kid muttered, “I really think it’s cool that you’re not evil anymore. You totally scared my family, dude. We thought you were gonna kill us all, but I’m glad that didn’t happen.”“Yes, well I’m debating whether I m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Loki
Peter Parker & Thor
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Thor & Loki

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Christmas Fluff
Soft Peter
christ i should be revising
hopefully I won't fail this fic
like my exams
oof
5+1 Things
Minor Injuries
If you want a Loki & Peter friendship
uh here you go buddy
also i don't own any of the characters but you already know that
Character Death
non canon infinity war compliant
may be gradually edited!

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Loki
Peter Parker & Thor
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Bruce Banner
Thor & Loki

