Work Text:
Hela never paid much attention to the mortals. They lived such short lives, in which they spent it fighting with each other over the tiniest of things never living their lives to the fullest although she took a little comfort in the fact that they weren't as bad as Asgard who had the highest war count. The only time she would see them was when they came into her little kingdom when they died as they souls became one with the starts, if they were found worth enough and if not they would wander around her kingdom for the rest of time. Sometimes if she was bored enough, she would go out into their world to collect a few souls herself. Never truly paying them much attention. That was until Tony Stark came along.Hela had been bored so she had gone into the human world, to collect a few souls like she had done many times in the past. One such soul that she was going to collect was that of Tony Stark the Merchant of Death as he seemed to be called by some of the mortals (she found her self liking the name). She watched as Tony died many times in the cave and each time when his soul was about leave his body it would snap back into place, and he would be alive once more she wasn't sure how but somehow he managed to reel his soul back into his body just in time for him to live.And it was in these moments Tony Stark unknowingly managed to do the impossible, he stole her heart like a thief steals fine jewellery.As time moved on she watched him defeat impossible odds, falling more in love with him each time he was reborn from their flames. But she felt a great sadness within her heart knowing that she could never be with him, for she was death and she would live long after he had died, she would never be able to stand the heartbreak of being forced to watch him as he faded away, if she allowed herself to be with him. She left anger as she saw how his so-called team would treat him as if they were better then him which she found funny as they had done far more evil things. Why couldn't they see how amazing he was, how special he was, how each time the fates would strike at him, like a warrior trying to land a killing to their opponent he would meet that blow with one of his own, refusing to give in to the crushing weight of it.She watched as he listen when the world said that they were scared like a king listens to his people and tries to fix it so they wouldn't be scared anymore. When his friend fell from the sky, she forbid anyone taking his soul allowing him to live.It was the least she could do for the man of had her heart.But the drop which broke the well, was when the one called Steve hurt him.ENOUGH WAS ENOUGH.She was done lying to herself.Steve and his followers will pay for the pain they had coursed her Merchant.Steve and the rest of the Avengers on the lawn of the palace gardens. They were all getting restless, which was understandable as they had been forced to hide in Wakanda for the past 4 months, because the government tried to tie their hands and make them attack dogs. He didn't know what was taking them so long to get rid of the accords he had hoped that by standing up to them they would back down, and admit that they were in the wrong for trying to stop them saving people.Why had Tony agreed to them, surely he could see how wrong they were. If Tony had stopped arguing with him and followed him for once then Siberia would never have happen. It was selfish what he was putting the others through with his pettiness, throwing them into that place and leaving them there and then forcing them to hide from the law like the bad guys that they fought.He was pulled out of his head by a swirling mass and shadows. The other Avengers were at his side quickly, weapons ready to fight whatever was going to come through the mass. Steve watched a woman, with long black hair that was a little bit of a mess and dark eyeshadow, wearing a black one piece suit with green lines and a long black cape stepped out of the mass, he wasted no time in throwing his replacement shield at her. The woman caught it in her hand, he watched it vibrate for a second before it explode like it was nothing."Now is that anyway to treat a lady." she said."What do you want?" Natasha asked, when it became clear that Steve wouldn't say anything."What i want. Simply i want revenge for what you have done""Revenge for what. We haven't done anything to you.""You hurt my Merchant."They were all confused as they had never fought against someone called Merchant. it was clear to them that this Lady was crazy and a danger that need to be taken down. Steve watched as Wanda's eyes widen before becoming hard as if she worked out who this Merchant was."She's talking about Stark."  Wanda hissed, red dancing around her hand."Ha, I knew Stark was weak. But i didn't know that he needs a girl to stick up for him." Clint said, before laughing. He didn't laugh very long as this seemed to anger the woman, and in one quick move she raised her hand at him. A huge b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hela/Tony Stark

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Merchant of Death
hela loves Tony
let's make it a ship
Hela dosn't like Steve
or his followers
Civil War Team Iron Man
Blood and Violence
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping

fandom: 
Hela/Tony Stark

