Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony knew almost everything that happened at SHIELD. He used to know more up until Nick employed a strict ‘if you idiots don’t want Stark to know, don’t file it electronically’ policy.
When it came to the princes of Asgard, Tony knew the exact extent of the containment plans in place in case they ever went off the rails.
 
Thor Odinson (see ‘Avenger initiative’), Son of Odin (see file) and Frigga (see file), First Prince and Heir to the Throne of Asgard (see ‘Nine Realms’): Do not engage. Evacuate civilians within a 300-mile (482.8 km) radius. Inform the Sorceress Supreme (Ancient One, see file). Activate the Hulk and the rest of the Avengers Initiative to remove Thor Odinson from Earth. Do not banter. Do not insult. Be polite and use diplomacy. Avoid the use of technology based on electricity (see file ‘Thor, God of Thunder’). Do not engage.

 

Loki Laufeyson (see file), Son of Laufey (see file) and Farbauti (see file), Ward of Odin (see file) and Frigga (see file), Second Prince of Asgard (see ‘Nine Realms’), Heir to the Throne of Jotunheim (see ‘Nine Realms’), Asgard’s Ambassador in Alfheim (see ‘Nine Realms’) and Vanaheim (see ‘Nine Realms’): Do not engage.
 
Originally, Agent Cohen had written ‘Do not, under any circumstance, mess with Thor’ until Coulson caught it. Tony still wished that they had kept it because he still remembered the first time he had met Thor’s adoptive brother.
The threat had been some ancient foe of Asgard with an unpronounceable name. Thor and the Warrior Three as well as Lady Sif had told all humans including Captain America and the Hulk to stay back. They had engaged the creature/magic-wielder thousands of miles away from the next human settlement, which had been wise because within minutes, the place had looked a nuclear weapons testing site. The Warrior Three and Lady Sif were critically injured, not standing a chance against the ancient magic (alien technology/magic, who the hell knew?) and Thor was in trouble.

 


 

“Asking for permission to engage, sir,” Steve demanded urgently. “Thor needs our help.”


“And what exactly are you planning to do, Captain Rogers?” asked Fury viciously. “Throw your shield at the thing? Permission denied. Stark!” Tony, who had been watching the battle through a monitor biting his lips, while simultaneously listening in on the conversation between Nick and Steve, turned his head towards the Avengers and the director of SHIELD. 


“Yes?”


“Please tell me that you have some weapon in store to deal with that,” said Fury as he gestured at the screen looking unusually rattled.


“No.”


“Excuse me, Stark?” Fury whispered disbelievingly.


“No, I don’t. You see the same thing I do, right? Every blow causes it to grow stronger. If we launch, oh let’s say, the Jericho, the thing will be twice the size it is now. It is not of this world, and does not really play within the realms of the known laws of physics. It is made of magic and I don’t know magic as much as I hate to admit that. Thor, according to his own admission, does not know too much about magic either. I am not launching an attack if I cannot calculate what consequences that may have.”


“Oh God, Thor was hit!” Everyone in the control room froze; Tony cursed. Looking back at the screen confirmed Agent Simmons’ horrified statement: Thor had taken a heavy blow and was not getting up again.


“NO!”


The scream did not seem human. It echoed from both the transmission and from around them. The perfectly functional screen flickered as the air split and a thin, black-haired man (or male-looking alien-like being) stepped onto the battlefield.

 

 Later, Tony would meet a composed, dangerously smart, sarcastic son of a married Frost Giant, with a positively vicious humor when it came to pranks, who would gently smile at you while he skinned you both verbally and – if you managed to truly piss him off – physically. But on that day, what he had seen, was Loki when he feared for his brother’s life.

One look was enough for the newcomer to become aware of what was happening. What followed was difficult to describe. The man literally teleported to Thor’s side, his right hand on the warrior’s chest with his eyes wide and terrified. As he looked up to face his adversary, there was a dangerous snarl and the screen flashed green for a second before it turned black.
 
Later analysis showed that there had been an EMP blast strong enough to turn off satellites as Loki unleashed his wrath on the creature that had almost killed his brother.
 

“What happened? I want eyes on these two, now!” bellowed Fury, for once looking as angry as his name implied.

“JARVIS, help me out,” said Tony calmly as he approached the next computer panel and got lost in the only world that still made sense, the realm of coding. Localizing them was not a problem because, whatever the newcomer had done, it was like an electromagnetic black hole. You only knew it was there because there was nothing there. Ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Good Loki (Marvel)
Consultant!Tony Stark
Tony Stark Appreciation
Not Particularly Captain America friendly
Alternative Universe - Marvel

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

