Chapter 1: Return
    




Chapter Text
You know the funny thing about running off without a plan? Those around you quickly  realize it. These days, these weeks after the Civil War kill Tony, because all he can feel is how alone he is. He thinks it might be better if they were still here, but he’s not, and he’s alone in the hospital bed, trying not to cry.Then he’s alone in the tower, not bothering to hide it.But then Tony guesses that Steve must have gone the No-Plan route, because directly after his first two weeks, he’s sitting down in some conference room that’s too cold by halves and being told that the Avengers are coming back, and there’s no place for them. They want to house them in the Tower again. Tony’s kind of numb, and when he gets like this, the part of his brain that’s in charge of sealing deals kicks in.They wind up drawing a contract up for housing. Another for weaponry, which will be rented from Tony Stark, every upgrade making it more expensive. All these things are temporary. Another, placing all blame should Tony be hurt on the government. That one is permanent. They might be staying in the Tower, but Pepper, for all she can’t be there, urges him to not let them back. They argue.She doesn’t have to do much urging for these second best things, though. Tony is a little scared to just open his doors like that. It never ends well when he’s willing to work to keep whatever he has.They don’t want to move the Avengers back from wherever they’ve fucked off to without Wanda, which gives Tony enough time to plan. In three days, all of the floors of the Rogue Avengers are packed up and compressed into two. No more right below the penthouse. The Avenger’s accomodations do not extend beyond the thirty first and second floors. The distance makes him feel a little better. When one finds themselves host to supersoldiers, spies, and witches, though, “little” is frighteningly small.He feels empty, supervising the cleaning crews that leave the floors as blank (safe) as they were before they came into his life. He feels like a sink with no plug- everything’s going- and he hurts so, so bad. He changes all the furniture in the common floor (Bruce and Thor still have their floors; no betrayal, just leaving), sends the old stuff down with the belongings of his maybe-the-once-were-friends. Then he curls up in his armchair and stares off into the distance, wishing that he had not left Rhodey in the Compound to work out the shit with Vision.“Fri?” Tony asks, unsure if the AI is even still there. Maybe she realized that he could make another Ultron and fucked off to be the illuminati queen or some shit.“Yes, Boss?”“Nothin’.” He goes to bed at seven in the evening on his last day alone and doesn’t get up again until twelve- three hours before the Avengers are set to arrive. He doesn’t sleep a wink. Even Tony who is numb knows the song and dance, though, so when the Avengers are all sat down in a conference room, Tony arrives last (of course) in a three piece suit (of course) with sunglasses tinted red (of course). They look up, the silence tense between them.It’s electric when Tony opens the door. The Rogues are wary and hopeful when his face doesn’t show anything.“Afternoon,” he says, voice emotionless. Behind him is a robot, designed to take the place of an assistant, in that she is the only one who can hand Tony things. He started building it after Ultron.“Stark.”“Who’s your friend?” Clint asks, voice suspicious. His voice is always suspicious when “AI” enters the frame of focus. Their voices are always suspicious, after ULTRON.“JOCASTA. The papers?” he asks the bot. JOCASTA’S shiny white body, possessing just enough characteristics to make her female, begins to hand out the papers in large envelopes that Tony gives her. On each one is the name of one of the team, emblazoned in impersonal New Times Roman across the top.“What are these?” Steve asks, opening up and dumping the contents out into his hand.“This is… we can call it the terms of agreement. For your entire lives as far as I am concerned.”“What the hell?” Clint murmurs, eyes scanning a certain set of papers. “Why are you dragging my family into this, Stark?”“I’m not. You did. Or rather, you gave someone known to hate people like you the perfect excuse to,” Tony says, fiddling with something on his phone. He looks so bored.“I did not give Ross an excuse.”“You did. The moment you chose Mr. Roger’s side, you left your family vulnerable. The same family you blamed me for keeping you from aboard the RAFT.” His tone is still emotionless and flat. He doesn’t have the energy for any more.“You did.”“I didn’t have you arrested. You were acting in full view of the UN Accords Counsel, which had Ross on it at the time. Given my inability to find a better place to put you, I couldn’t dispute your containment when I found out where you were being held. Despite that, the Council did not actually arrest you. They had an arrest in the pipeline, yes, but Ross went a little 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Avengers Team
Team as Family - Relationship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Vision
Vision/Rhodey
slow burn - Relationship
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/T'Challa/Aurora Munroe
mentioned
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Mind Control
Evil Wanda
Redemption
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Clint Barton comes to terms
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Eating Disorder
hinted at - Freeform
Tony Stark Has Issues
Depression
he has that too
JOCASTA - Freeform
(AI)
friday - Freeform
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Compliant
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Maybe not canon compliant there because I totally didn't actually watch it
Sexual Abuse
suggested - Freeform
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Tony Stark Protection Squad
But he doesn't see it that way
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Mental Breakdown
Magic
Stephen Strange is the greatest
because I said so
and because Benedict Cumberbatch is the shit.

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Avengers Team
Team as Family - Relationship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Vision
Vision/Rhodey
slow burn - Relationship
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/T'Challa/Aurora Munroe
mentioned
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

