Work Text:
For a long time, Thor thinks it's a dream. They're in their hundredth year. Odin has just graduated them to separate bedrooms, says they're almost adults now, and it's time they sleep alone. Every night since, Loki has snuck to Thor's room. The two of them huddle under Thor's bed covers together, giggling with the secrecy of it. Defying Father this way. Sometimes, Loki does spells, the covers glowing green, and Thor shakes with delight.Tonight, Loki has not come. Thor waits, and an hour passes, and Loki doesn't show himself. Thor slips from his bed, feet pressed into the fur rug. He opens his chamber door slowly because he expects Loki to be waiting there with some trick for him—but the hallway is empty. His brother is nowhere in sight. Thor walks the short distance down the hall to Loki's chambers and knocks. There is no answer. Thor knocks again, then tries the door. It is open. As he suspected, Loki isn't in his chambers. His bed covers haven't even been disturbed. That's what gets Thor's guts twisting.Loki has always been one for mischief, his own secrets, but something about the state of his bed leads Thor to believe he's in some kind of trouble. Thor's hair is tied back in a loose ponytail. He undoes the tie, then reties his hair tighter. He leaves Loki's chambers and sets out to look for him.He is quiet about his search. It's not unusual for the both of them to be out at night together, always up to no good, but never apart. And if Loki is up to some mischief, Thor doesn't want Mother and Father alerted to it. He wants in. Thor exits their wing of the palace and checks the kitchens. There is no one. He walks quiet as possible through the large halls, every footstep echoing over the high ceilings. Thor gives a quick glance to the courtyard, but by this time, he thinks he has some idea of where Loki might be. He walks to the library. The door, as Thor had hoped, is ajar. "Loki," he whispers into the door.No answer.Thor slips in and squints. The library is dark, shadows of bookcases. Thor mazes through the rows and rows of them, breath caught in his throat. He can't shake his anxiety, and he doesn't know why. Loki always comes to the library, especially when he's looking to be alone, but something feels different tonight. Something is wrong. Thor rounds another corner and sees Loki sitting on the floor, legs pulled up to his chest. Only it's not Loki. At least, not Loki as he should appear. His skin is blue, that of a Jötunn. Two horns, barely as large as their forearms, protrude from his forehead. Thor stares. He has no idea what to do, so he says Loki's name, breathless.Loki's head snaps upright, and Thor can see now he's been crying, red eyes filmy with tears, cheeks wet. "Thor," Loki says, then narrows his eyes, hisses. "Get out."Thor can tell by the voice that this is his brother. He relaxes slightly. He does not get out."Loki," he says, noticing the text by Loki's feet. "This is a spell? Your magic has truly advanced."Loki blinks through his tears, wide-eyed."I do not understand why you cry—this is a great feat indeed."Finally, Loki nods very slowly. He turns his hand over and gazes intently at his blue palm. He looks back at Thor."This is a dream, brother," he says.Thor cocks his head. "No," he says. "I'm most surely awake."Loki stands then. He walks to Thor. Thor has the sudden urge to step back, but he knows that would anger Loki, so he stays his ground. He touches Loki's arm without thinking. The skin is cool, but doesn't burn. Loki flinches, eyes still wet. Thor doesn't understand. He doesn't understand why he feels afraid now, or why there's a spear of anxiety wedged into his chest. Why he wants to hold Loki close to console him."You are dreaming," Loki says.Then he presses his fingers to Thor's forehead.Thor wakes in his bed. He feels exhausted, like he hasn't slept at all. He yawns and sits upright just as a chambermaid enters to wake him. Thor sees her and remembers Loki. He leaps from bed. The chambermaid yelps as he runs past her. Thor skids to a stop outside Loki's chambers and opens the door without knocking.Loki is dressed, pale-skinned as Thor remembers him. He looks cross upon seeing Thor enter his chambers uninvited."What do you think you're doing?" he asks. "I thought…" Thor struggles to find the words. "Last night—I saw you—""You were snoring by the time I entered your chambers," Loki says.He's mending a pair of breeches, and bites the leather tie to pull them tight. Thor watches, swallows."I was?" "Yes," Loki says. He does not look at him. "What in the Nine Realms are you going on about?"Thor wants to argue, but. Perhaps it was a dream. Loki folds his breeches and tosses them onto his bed. He puts a hand on his hip and watches Thor, thin brows raised. Thor forces himself to smile."I had the strangest dream," he says.Loki barks a laugh and goes to him. "Tell me while we break fast," his brother says.Thor slings an arm around him. "Aye," he says, though he never gets ar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Canon

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

