Chapter 1: Chapter 1:  April, 2002
    




Chapter Text
The muffled thump of the Apache’s rotors created a counterpoint to the man’s own heartbeat.  His sound-cancelling headset protected his ears, but nothing could completely inure a passenger from the experience of riding in a high velocity helicopter.Thirty-two year old Phillip J. Coulson, level six Special Agent of the Strategic Homeland Intervention and Enforcement Logistics Division, was used to military transportation, and so quite comfortable with the speed that an Apache Longbow could travel.   He balanced his laptop easily on his knees as he wrote his initial incident report.A hiss and crackle in the headset’s communications system heralded the voice of the copilot.  “Sir?” the airman called.  “I have a priority signal for you from HQ.”"Go ahead," Coulson acknowledged.  After the beep, he said "This is Coulson.""Cheese!"  Cried a cheerful baritone."Sir."  Nick Fury Jr. might be comfortable with clinging to old Ranger nick-names, but Phil felt it was important to maintain some distance between a field agent and the Deputy Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. "Fuck, Phil, you’re coming home in triumph.  That was some good work in Estonia.""Thank you, sir."   The Estonia mission, a simple contact op to try and garner support within the Estonian government for S.H.I.E.L.D.’s mission, had nearly gone sideways when a neo-Bolshevik terrorist had tried to kidnap the Prime Minister’s daughter practically in front of Phil.  A quick application of basic training close-combat skills and suddenly S.H.I.E.L.D. had a new ally in a former Soviet Bloc nation."Listen, where you at now?" Nick asked casually.Phil hesitated before replying.  There was no way on this earth that Fury didn’t know exactly where his asset was located at the moment.   “En route to London, sir.  I’m due at HQ tomorrow before thirteen hundred.”"Yeah, about that, Cheese.  I need you to do me a little favor while you’re in England.""Sir?" Had they been face to face, Phil would have felt better.  Visually he could read the man he’d known in the Rangers as Marcus Johnson much better.  Over the communications system, Phil couldn’t tell if Nick was about to play him deliberately or reluctantly. "There’s a briefing packet waiting for you on touchdown.  I need you to check out a P.o.I. outside of London.""Objective?""Just contact, Phil.  Ideally, we’re looking for a reliable informant.  Be your usual charming, efficient self, alright?"Phil sighed inwardly.  “Yes, sir.”  
  The packet seemed woefully incomplete. No information about WHY this person was of interest, and certainly that birthdate had to be in error? But no, Local Intel confirmed it – Phil was about to check out the living situation of a 20 month old toddler.The London field office provided a car and an agent as driver, much to Phil’s relief. He never quite figured out the strange county-oriented geography of England.   He reviewed the packet for a fourth time during the ride to a town named Little Whinging in Surrey.The car’s windows showed a dismally suburban region, but Phil didn’t let that fool him. Hiding in plain sight made an effective strategy for many a terrorist organization. He didn’t think he was about to make contact with a terrorist organization, but who knew? The anemic briefing packet held no clues.What little it did tell him made him consider his approach carefully. The toddler currently resided in the care of his maternal aunt and uncle.   The couple were very middle-class, and by early observation, proud of it. The uncle held a middle-management position with a firm that made tools, drills specifically. The aunt remained home with their own child, a boy, plus the P.o.I.   The P.o.I. was placed with them under suspicious circumstances last November.   Paperwork regarding the child had straggled in – a hastily acquired duplicate birth certificate request had pinged an ongoing intelligence-gathering operation, codenamed Witchcraft of all things, Phil had to roll his eyes at whatever imaginative analyst came up with that one.   The couple had registered the child as in their care, arranged for death certificates to be filed for the child’s parents, set up the tax reporting, census, et cetera. However, they had not adopted their orphaned nephew, which Phil found interesting. He had a sense that they were strictly correct in their actions, and possibly mercenary, given the speed with which the child benefits were requested.SHIELD’s surveillance stayed on the passive side of attentive. Once the child’s name had registered on their radar, particularly tied as it was by birth certificate to James and Lily Potter, who apparently had a SHIELD file not provided to Phil at this time, the agency began to keep a casual eye on the Dursley family. However, until now, no direct contact had been made. It would be up to Phil to establish it.Skilled at reading between the lines, Phil had decided to use a fairly thin cover. He’d use his real name, and s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
eventual clint barton/phil coulson - Freeform
Fluff
Angst
Slow Build
Crossover
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Get Together
Mild Language
Closeted Character
Internalized Homophobia
Coming Out
Kid Fic
Explicit Language
Magic
Magic Revealed
Politics
Werewolves

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

