Work Text:
As a kid, Peter had thought algebra would be hard, but that was only because he hadn't yet understood what it was. (Like a comic book superhero tracking down a villain in the shadows.  Find the elusive x! ) When he'd gotten to it, it’d been like learning any other new thing: riding a bike, building a radio. He’d been prepared, or hadn’t needed to be; school, which was for kids, presented everything in a linear progression, so that no one was supposed to feel afraid or overwhelmed.Precalc comes easily to him this year. He can picture everything in his head, angles and equations all falling into place. This is the most frightening thing, he thinks, that other kids must know. It’s two months after homecoming night and— and Toomes, and everything. The city’s grown quieter. Peter’s grown to like sitting on rooftops high enough to give him a good view of the city, his arm hooked around his backpack, just to breathe in air that’s traveled a long way to get to him.One day after school, he finds a bunch of tattooed muscle-y dudes beating each other up in an empty lot.“Hi guys,” he says brightly, dropping down into the midst of the fight. Someone crashes into him from the back. He staggers forward a little before regaining his balance, and webs the nearest guy to the ground.“Holy shit!” someone yells. “It’s the— the fuckin’ spider dude, clear out, get the fuck outta here!”“Jeez,” Peter says, pushing him against a chain-link fence and webbing him up. “You mind keeping it PG-13? I just, you know, the bad words? Sometimes it’s a bit much, you know— whoa, hey, no!” He flips toward a couple of guys trying to hightail it out of the lot. “No one’s getting out of here!”But after he’s webbed them all to the ground or the fence or the warehouse wall, he skedaddles out of there pretty fast, leaving a nice  you’re welcome  note to the police.“Your daily agenda lists a Spanish quiz during sixth period tomorrow,” Karen informs him cheerfully as he’s jumping across a rooftop. “Would you like to do some quick review while you find your way home?”“Ugh,” Peter says. “Fine.”“Excellent. Devising study session. This will take approximately thirty-four seconds.”“When did Mr. Stark put this in my suit?”“Mr. Stark added several upgrades when your suit was confiscated after the events on the Staten Island ferry,” Karen says. “This function is known as the Study Buddy.”“Oh. That’s cool.”“You also now have seven-hundred twenty-nine webshooter combinations.”Peter groans. By the time he gets home, his head is swimming with preterite and imperfect conjugations.“Hey May,” he calls, ripping his mask off.She sticks her head around the kitchen door.“Hi,” she says. “How was school?”“Fine. Got a lotta homework.”“Yeah? Make sure you get that done.”  Before you go out again,  she doesn’t say, but he knows it’s there.“I will.” He smiles at her, heading for his room. “Don’t worry.”Homework takes a lot shorter than it used to, now that he’s got something to look forward to. Or, well, something bigger to do. He breezes through trig equations and stoichiometry, takes notes on Gatsby. It’d be better if he didn’t have to, only May’s said that he has to keep at least a B in all his classes if he wants to keep on doing— this. And he does. Maybe on bad nights he doesn’t think it’s fun anymore, but he needs to so badly—  please, please, you don't understand, I’ll do anything —But it isn’t something you can take away. He’s Spider-Man whether he's got a Stark-designed suit or not, whether he’s got a curfew or not, whether he’s signed the Accords or not. You can make me try and forget all about it,  he’d said to May, the first night she’d known.  I know how it’s— Mr. Stark tried, okay? And it worked, and I just went to school for a couple weeks and it was chill and I didn’t go crazy, but like it or not I’ve got these powers and things just can’t keep happening because of me— And she’d said,  Oh. Oh, hon. When he suits up after dinner, Aunt May rests a hand on top of his head and rubs it through the fabric of his cowl, gentle, protecting.He’s spent by the time he gets home. But sleep comes spasmodically, like he’s falling half the night: no mattress under him, roof collapsing above his head.“You okay?” May asks at breakfast.“Tired,” he mumbles into his cereal.Her eyes crease at the edges a little. “Yeah, hon? How’d you sleep?”“Not great.”She stops stirring her coffee and goes to stand in front of him. She touches him on the shoulder like she’s about to hug him, but instead slips her hand around his head and pulls his forehead to her waist, the way she’s been doing since he was a kid and first came to her and Ben.“You wanna tell me about it?” she asks softly.He shakes his head.“Okay, hon. That’s okay.”After a moment, she lets go.
Can he say that things are back to normal now? What’s the baseline for that after being bitten by a radioactive spider?“You know,” Ned says at lunch the next day, “there are spiders out there that you’re related to.”Peter laughs. “I g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Canon
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Light Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
peter parker has a brain
We live in a society

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

