Chapter 1: It Kept Burning
    




Chapter Text
Burning.They evacuated the scene, Spider-Man laying limp in Iron Man's strong, metal grip. The smoke faded away the further they ran. The screams dead in the air. The shouts from the masked form in Tony's arms echoing in all of their heads.The air felt like it was still on fire and the light started to fade away, sirens growing nearer and streets seemingly getting smaller and smaller. As the ascent upwards and as far away from the wreck as possible began, the glowing fires of death seemed to crackle into just embers as the sky swallowed them up. But they knew it wasn't like that. It kept burning. -----The cold metal around his wrists was the first thing he felt.Before he could open his eyes, he felt a surge of instinctual fear ripple through him and he felt like he was on fire. He gasped, pulling against the metal that strapped him down to the bed. Pain. Fear. Panic.He shifted, letting his eyelids fall open and adjust to the bright white light spiralling into the room from all angles. It was a small room. A small white room, where he was strapped to a bed and-Peter Parker gasped, a strangled shout escaping his throat. Oh God. He'd got himself caught. The one thing he said he'd never do to himself. Never. Rule number 1. But it didn't matter- everything hurt like lava was swallowing him up. His skin seared and screamed, and every second that passed seemed to fill his bloodstream with magma. His breathing was laboured. He began to hyperventilate, as suddenly a figure came out of nowhere and began to hold his shoulder. Harsh, strong hands pushing down, making him want to rip them away with every instinct. But he couldn't. Finally, and altogether, everything started to focus. His vision cleared."-hey, please. I'm going to need you to try and calm down, if your breathing becomes a problem I'm going to need to take off your mask, despite whatever Nat says-"His mask."Oh God, my- my mask-" Peter suddenly let the words tumble from his lips in loud cry, sobbing tearlessly as his heart rate failed to decrease. What the fuck was happening to him? What happened...?"Please, look at me. Just look. you're safe, you're in a private medical facility, you're being taken care of, your mask is still on-""Don't- you dare take it off," he demanded, gasping breathlessly in between words, struggling to form coherent sentences. Aunt May.What happened to May-"I won't."The man's face was soft. He wore an expression of deep concentration and worry, though he had kind eyes and a non threatening look about him, complete with a mop of messy black hair. His voice was soft too, and deep. Peter's heart beat began to slow as he took deeper breathes."Okay, it's fine to panic. Oh God, we didn't expect this... Nat? Tony?- get in here."p>


There was a clutter and footsteps and a door opening, but Peter couldn't fully register what was what. He needed to go. He couldn't be there, with his mask on or not. It'd soon be taken off, then he'd be over. No Spider-Man. No Peter Parker- He was nothing anyway. Aunt May. No- no May, May..."I'm not- panicking," He insisted. The man injected him suddenly with a clear liquid through his suit and he felt the pinch in the crook of his elbow, not hurting half as much as what he felt on the inside. The sensation began to seep through him, and the burning feeling began to fade away so much quicker than he could have imagined. His breathes slowed, his chest rising and falling rhythmically. His head in a whirl. His eyes on the man, looking down at him apprehensively, then the opening door behind him.Multiple people burst into the room, rushing over to the bed he lay on, sending yet another rush of fear through him."Bruce, out. our turn now he's awake- we gotta talk."They all gathered around the bed, looking down at him as if scared he might escape. He would. If he could.The short, stocky, bearded man pulled up a chair first as everyone else gathered doubtfully at the end of the bed. Brown eyes stared into his own, the lines etched onto his middle aged face seemed to create patterns, his determined glare..."Tony Stark?"He rolled his eyes.He barely said the name, it left his mouth alongside and exhale without thought. Tony Stark. Oh God. No, this isn't good, he can't be here. he can't. Tony swung himself around on the chair to face the huddle of silent people behind him. Steve Rodgers. Bruce Banner. Natasha Romanoff-"I'm gonna need some quiet, you got that? All I know, all we know about this guy is that he's an amateur, based in Queens and most likely around 20-21. That's all we got. If anyone tries to interrupt while I'm conducting serious enquires then you can piss off, got that?"Steve faltered. He didn't trust Tony. None of them did. He bit his lip. Natasha sighed deeply, so did Bruce- of course that's Bruce. The Hulk. This was insane. Way too insane.Peter seemed to have forgotten to breathe. He panted, staring back into the somehow warm eyes of the man he used to look 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tom Holland is my Spidey
Hurt Peter
unmasking
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
(in the end)
hidden identity
Aunt May Dies
Depressed Peter
Living with the Avengers
PTSD
slow
Character Development
Father figure Tony
Hurt Tony

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

