Chapter 1: Back to Asgard
    




Chapter Text
 Hulk grabbed Loki and slammed him against the floor, again and again.At first, the floor was the one to give, as the immortal's body was strong. But Tony had built his tower well, and Hulk's strength and rage proved the stronger.A wood-like snap joined the slamming of god against concrete underfloor, then another crack and another, like twigs, as Loki was thrown from side to side.Like a child abandoning an unwanted broken toy, Hulk dropped him there in a hollow of shattered tiles and wandered away. 
 Natasha was the first to find him, creeping near to the hole in the floor warily, a pistol held before her. Her eyes widened in astonishment and she lowered her gun at the lack of threat presented -- the lack of threat he would present ever again.That green and black leather outfit was sodden with red blood, and his limbs splayed wrongly, broken, one bone shining white out of his lower leg.She touched her communicator bud in her ear to reach one of her companions, whoever was close now that the battle was finished. "Tell Thor – Loki's down. He needs to come here at the top of Stark Tower, ASAP.""Understood," Steve answered.She could see from the bubble of blood at Loki's lips that he was still alive, and she was fairly sure – immortal god or no – he wasn't going to stay alive for very long.Only moments later Thor arrived in a crash of wind that rattled the windows and he hurried in through the sliding door, hammer swinging at his side. "Lady Natasha! The Captain Rogers has given me to understand--"His voice died away utterly as he glimpsed Loki in the smashed hollow of the floor. "Loki! No, how can this be?" he whispered in horror. "What occurred?" he asked her, not taking his gaze away from Loki."I didn't see it, but my guess is Banner," she answered.Thor threw himself to his knees at Loki's side.In that instant, Loki's wrongs were immaterial to Thor – everything he'd done to Earth, to Thor himself, didn't matter as his voice went hoarse, "No, little brother, not like this... Please...." He leaned forward, fingers to touch Loki's cheek and push back a bloodied strand of his black hair.Natasha considered whether to tell him he was mistaken. It was only a matter of time, and if she said nothing, Thor would sit there and grieve until it was true, but she offered, "Thor. He's breathing."Thor was startled with the information. "Is it so?" But then they both saw Loki's eyelashes flutter."Loki." Thor put his hand on Loki's cheek and bent over him. "You must hold on," he urged Loki in a hoarse voice. "Please hold on... I will get you home."Loki's eyelids cracked open, creasing at the corners with pain, and his lips trembled."Yes," Thor urged him. "Loki, I will take you home."Loki said something unintelligible as the effort to speak pushed a trickle of blood from the corner of his mouth. Then, he tried again, and the word was perfectly clear, if soft, "No."Thor shook his head, blue eyes glistening now. "No, Brother, we will get you home, and you will be fine. Everything will be well again, you'll see – Mother will fix it..."Loki whispered again, "... no...." His eyes shut again, tears slipping free, either of sorrow or pain. Barely audible, he added, "let... go.""No! No, I will not, and I will not allow you either," Thor implored. "Not again, Loki, please, hold on." He bent closer and slid his hands beneath Loki's shoulders and legs. "Forgive me, I know this will hurt you, but we need to hurry."He lifted Loki in his arms, carefully bringing him in close to his body. Loki jerked several times, head hanging back, and a terrible whimpering noise came from his throat as if he was trying to scream but couldn't. His shattered legs dangled, as did his arm, hanging oddly, the elbow dislocated.Thor froze, as if the feel of Loki's body in his arms was too strange, because it bent in the wrong places. He had to close his eyes and gather his strength. Then, tenderly he maneuvered Loki's head to rest against his broad shoulder, as Loki wheezed for shallow breaths.Natasha bit her lip at the sight of the back of Loki's head – his black hair was wet with blood as well, from a head wound that was bleeding freely down his neck and onto Thor's forearm.Thor brushed his cheek on the top of Loki's head. "We're going home, Loki, rest easy."He stood, carrying Loki's body without much visible effort. He told Natasha, "I will return for the tesseract, as soon as I can."After the funeral, would be her guess. The halting breaths were slowing, and he'd slid into unconsciousness. Blood was dripping from Thor's gauntlets, and there was enough pooled in the hollow where Loki had been to kill a human. Thor might be able to get him back to Asgard before he bled out, but Natasha would not lay money on his survival. Even the myths agreed that the gods could die, and quite plainly his immortality or healing or whatever he had, had been overwhelmed by the Hulk's attack.It was a chill reminder of what the Hulk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja & Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)
Jane Foster & Loki

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Family Feels
Protective Frigga (Marvel)
Odin (Marvel)'s Parenting
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Loki Angst
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Loki Redemption (Marvel)
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Unrequited Crush
Canon Typical Violence
injuries and recovery
Family Secrets
Family Issues

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Odin (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja & Loki & Odin & Thor (Marvel)
Jane Foster & Loki

