Chapter 1





Chapter Text
With a low, heavy groan Bucky pulls him closer, the hand on his waist sliding around until it’s low on his back and urging him forwards with gentle but insistent nudges.Tony goes with the move easily, unresisting of the way it presses the two of them together so intimately, hips slotting into place like puzzle pieces despite the size difference.When one of Bucky’s thick, denim clad thighs presses against his knees Tony parts for him willingly.  He welcomes him into his space, unfolds against the heavy heat of him with a small groan of his own that never even makes a sound.It can’t.  Not with the way it’s eaten by Bucky’s mouth, hot and eager and dominating against his own.The hand in his hair, shiny silver metal that Tony knows as well as his own body by now, clenches ever so slightly.  Tugs just hard enough that it hovers deliciously on the precipice between pleasure and true pain.It’s a balance that too few of Tony’s past lovers had ever been able to achieve and yet here, in this moment, it’s  perfect.It’s as if Bucky instinctively  knows just what Tony likes and means to give it to him.And Tony, Thor help him, wants nothing more in that moment than to  take it.He doesn’t fight the urge.  Can’t.  Not in the moment.  Not when Bucky’s tongue is pressing against his own, bringing the taste of caramel and tea with it.  Not when they’re pressed together so closely, one of Bucky’s hands in his hair and the other sitting low on his back, fingers flexing like he’s fighting not to slide them down and  squeeze.Arms wrapped around Bucky’s neck, hands buried in the trailing ends of his hair, Tony wants him to.So no, he can’t fight it.  Doesn’t even want to.All Tony can do is shiver and press closer, neck arching back a bit more in a move that nestles his head into the palm of that hand like it’s not capable of ending him in seconds.Or, like Tony trusts him not to.All he can do is press closer to the deliciously thick bulge he can feel nestled in the hollow of his hip and squeeze his knees around Bucky’s deliciously muscled thigh as Bucky takes the kiss deeper.It’s dirty and wet and just a shade off desperate. Hungry.Tony never wants it to end.So, of course, that’s when it does.“Uh, guys?”  Wilson’s awkward little cough shatters the moment.His voice sweeps the heavy, lust filled fog that’s been blanketing Tony away with the force of a hurricane.In the next second reality crashes back down onto Tony like the cruel blow that it is.If the way Bucky jumps back and away from him, face flushed, chest heaving and eyes wild as he backs against the nearest wall is any indication then he isn’t the only one.  It’s only thanks to years of practice that Tony, heart pounding and body heavy with  want, is able to hang onto what little composure he has.Even then he knows that, like Bucky’s own rapidly blanked out but still visibly shaken expression, it’s a paper thin mask at best.“Wasn’t exactly intending for that to happen when I put that mistletoe up,” Wilson sounds wry and a little bit apologetic.Which is more than a bit unusual where anything regarding Tony is concerned all things considered.Tony swallows hard, ignores the way his hands shake just a bit, and reaches into his jacket pocket to pull out the sunglasses he always keeps there.Slipping them on is like putting on a layer of thin but impenetrable armor.Sunglasses and the act of hiding his eyes had been one of his first forms of protection from the world and is, even now, one that’s very rarely ever failed him.“What can I say, Wilson?” Tony snips as he turns a purposefully arrogant grin in his direction.  “I’m a big fan of going all the way.  No sense in doing something unless you fully commit.  Besides, doing things half-way isn’t really my style.  And you know me,  I’m all about style.”Just over Wilson’s shoulder, arms crossed over his chest and expression a cross between stern and something Tony can’t describe, Rogers winces slightly.They both know his words for the reference they are.So does Romanov if the way she turn her eyes to the side is anything to go by.Tony doesn’t bother to say anything else, those days are long gone now.  Instead he turns on his heel and marches back out the door he’d come in.  He doesn’t even bother to pause as he passes beneath the mistletoe that had started this entire thing.He feels Bucky’s eyes on him the entire way but he doesn’t let that stop him.No matter how much a part of him wants to.~~~Safe in the seclusion of his workshop Tony can’t help but suck his bottom lip into his mouth, tongue sliding across the skin in a desperate attempt to chase down any hint of Bucky’s taste that might linger there.That kiss …Tony’s pretty sure it’s going to haunt him in the nights to come and he isn’t sure if that’s a blessing or a curse.Isn’t sure if he should embrace that full throated burst of warm arousal that’s still churning in his gut or reject it completely.He doesn’t … he knows he shouldn’t want it, should not, in g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Pining
Guilt
Bitter Tony
Team Cap Critical
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Holidays
Mistletoe
Secret Santa
Misunderstandings
Not Canon Compliant
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Avoidance
Sexual Content

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

