Chapter 1





Chapter Text
After a long day of boring meeting with the pain in the ass that was Ross in Washington D.C., Tony Stark didn’t expect to get a call from an unknown number as he slid in on the passenger’s seat of his car and as Happy drove them off the road.
He answered it anyway because he needed a distraction from feeling so pissed off with the said pain in the ass. Tony could swear that the pain-in-the-ass o-meter was always rising up every time he would meet him. Tony was doing his best to clean the resolution for the accords in favour of the Avengers but Ross was more like putting hot chilli sauce on it. He was about to shoot some snide comments when he heard a noise on the other line
“No, Ned! Why did you do that?! I told you we can figure this out on our own-”
Tony recognized easily the voice in the background. It was the squeaky voice belongs to a fifteen year old he knew too well, Peter Parker.
“But we clearly need his help, Peter!” This time it was another voice who spoke, a voice unfamiliar to him
Tony immediately connected to the AI on the suit of Peter. It was offline. Meaning he wasn’t out spidermanning and risking his neck for god who knows what. So the life and death situation was out of the list.
“We just have to improvise-”
“You can’t just do improvise on that! It’s a big week and people from another schools are coming! You have to come up with a cool stuff.”
Tony decided to speak or else, he’s betting all his assets that they wouldn’t finish arguing until he butt in “I hope you do realize that you are calling a person whose time is worth of gold, so stop wasting it and Mr. Parker, I thought we reached the mutual understanding that my number is branded classified, therefore it wasn’t supposed to be given out to a random people out there.”
Silence.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark.” Peter mumbled on the other line and then his voice went octave higher and spoke in a haste. “But that’s Ned, my bestfriend. I gave him your number for emergency purposes because he knows I’m Spiderman so-”
“Well, is this part of an emergency purpose? Why is he calling me?” Tony answered.
“No it’s not-”
“Yes, it is!” Ned butted in. “Peter it involves your grades, do you want to fail on it?”
“Of course not. We can’t afford nugget to have failing grades. What’s going on?” Tony put it on a loud speaker and put his phone on the storage box attached to the armrest of the car door. He leaned his elbow on the armrest as Happy glanced at his boss through the rear mirror.
“Peter was one of the students who got chosen to make a mini robot he can showcase on the robotics week on the school but he’s lacking some of the resources to use for it.” Ned answered.
“Wow, kid. I admire your lung capacity for air, how could you say all of that in one breath?” Tony said as he heard Peter groaning in the background and mumbling along those lines of bestfriend and traitor.
“Um, thanks? And I have no idea how…” Ned said uncertainly.
“What’s your name kid?”
“Ned.”
“Okay, Christopher, here’s what you’re gonna do.” Tony said “You and your friend in crisis will go to the Avengers Facility, go straight to my lab, Friday and Pepper are there to assist you, and you have all the materials there that you would need for your howdy-dowdy techy project. Tell May that you will be there.”
There’s a beat of silence again
“OhmygodIamgoingtoo?” Ned said excitedly, words jumbling in his mouth.
But to Tony’s astonishment, he understood it. “Yes, I just said that.”
“PeterIamfinallygoingtothefreakingAvengersfa-”
There’s some sort of fumbling on the other end “Mr. Stark, you don’t have to do that,”
“But I did, Underoos. So don’t sweat it.” Tony looked at the window of the car.
“Thank you. It means so much-”
“All right, let’s cut the speech right there. You didn’t win the Oscars. Got the message. You’re grateful, I get it. Just do me a favor, don’t turn my lab into a war zone. I don’t want to see smoke coming out of the window far ahead.”
“Yes, Mr. Stark we will be careful. Thank you”
Tony hung up.
“Friday, look after the spiderling in the lab, will you?” Tony said.
“Sure thing boss.” Friday answered.
He sent Pepper a message with the same thought.
Then, he continued to gaze outside through the window, though after a while, he turned to Happy.“Tell you what Hap, let’s cancel the Gala Party later and head back Upstate.”
Happy smirked. “He’s growing on you, boss.”
“I heard nothing.” Tony faced the window again.
Tony wouldn’t admit this to anyone but he knew that something had already shifted the very first moment he set foot on the Parker apartment and met personally the crime fighting spiderling in onesies. He knew that the moment Tony invited him to Germany, the name Peter Parker was something that would stick on him like a super glue and there’s no undoing it. The genius billionaire was aware that he’s hauling in another responsibility despite being the emotionally crippled that he was. He knew the future consequences of his action. After all, he’s a futurist
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Iron Dad
Father-Son Relationship
Pepperony - Freeform
lots of them - Freeform
Dad!Tony
spiderson
Iron man 3 altered
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
I just want them to be happy
Pre-Infinity War

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

