Work Text:
Tony was so fucking tired that it’s impressive that he was still awake at all.After putting a lock on Loki who looked contrite at being caught and not, you know, trying to take over the world, the Avengers – a name that they’re sticking to no matter how comic-book based it sounded – had a grim Thor and disgruntled Hulk looking after him since Loki seemed oddly wary of the big green guy. Which, of course, should be utilized at all cost.After they took care of that mess, they got to the slow labor part of the job. Of being superheroes.What even was his life anymore these days?Anyway, by this point he was running on adrenaline and sharp urgency that drove him to broken buildings that had people crushed under the debris of battle, directing people to hospitals, or reuniting families that weren’t together during the alien attack on New York.And wow, that’s a sentence he never thought would cross his mind outside of a sci-fi movie. This was so not how he wanted to be first introduced to legit aliens.Tony pushed forward though, backed up by Captain America and Black Widow who proved to be soothing presences to the mass of people frantically trying to go home or find their loved ones in this whole doomsday scenario gone very wrong that turned out semi-alright in the end.He ended up lugging Hawkeye around periodically as the man’s bird-eye view (ha!) sharply picked out which areas of the city they circled around needed help. Telling this information through the coms to the rest of the team had them quickly operating on an efficient system that worked out well for them. Something that surprised Tony for all their rocky starts and issues with each other as a unit.Well, he figured, there were some things you couldn’t share without ending up liking each other, and stopping an alien invasion was one of them.The process took hours and by the time the situation was well-handled by the police who could take care of the rest, Tony was ready to collapse the moment he landed with Hawkeye in his arms towards the group all gathered in the middle of a broken street under an equally wrecked lamppost that was crookedly bending in the wrong direction.Thor and a now haggard looking Bruce Banner were there too, Loki hazardously thrown over Thor’s shoulder like a body bag. The almost-conqueror now conquered was glaring heatedly at them all, not talking due to-“Is that duct tape?” Tony blurted out incredulously. Hawkeye choked next to him.Bruce shrugged.“Anything can be fixed with duct tape.” the scientist said mildly.Thor nodded, the ridiculousness of the entire situation flying right over his head.“The tool seemed quite necessary in this situation, as proven by Banner here,” Thor said seriously. “My brother possesses a silvertongue.”“Yeah,” Natasha responded blandly. “We've noticed.”Cap sighed, looking fed up by the entirety of this conversation.“Should we go back to the tower? SHIELD should be arriving in a couple of hours to receive Loki.” The blond frowned. “Though we’ll probably have to stick around and make sure that it happens.”He really looked like he didn’t want to do it. Tony couldn’t really blame the old man. He just wanted to wash his hands off of this whole affair and get back to Pepper.(God, Pepper. He had to call her soon or she’ll kill him for scaring her like that. He needed some sort of normalcy in this entire mess.)“You know,” he started speaking without any real idea what was going to come out of his mouth. “I’m still really up for shawarma? Cause I’m craving for something right now and Pepper’s always telling me that I should eat before I sleep before I forget.”Surprisingly, all of them agreed. Turns out punching extraterrestrials really worked up an appetite.They ended up at a small, mostly ruined restaurant after the third try. The owners there just rolled with the fact they had the saviors of the city in their restaurant as if it were any other day to them.You gotta love New Yorkers.They ate in silence, Loki tussled up and left outside. By this point, Tony was pretty sure that if the bastard wanted to leave, he would’ve by now. But he didn’t, which was worrying but so not Tony’s problem and he was perfectly fine with just, eating his meal in peace.Of course, because the world loved to fuck over any good thing in Tony’s life, it didn’t last.A bright light suddenly was bursting right in front of them, blazing hot and nearly blinding all of them in its close proximity. It slowly started to condense in on itself until it took – what Tony belatedly realized – human form.That’s it. He was done. He couldn’t take another hit right now.Why did the universe hate him?They all stood up, Cap jolting out of his nap and reaching for his shield while Natasha untangled herself from Hawkeye, both assassins getting ready. Bruce stood up, shoulders and mouth tight with worry. Nobody would want the Hulk to appear right now and escalate something, but he was preparing to defend them all the same. That kind of thing meant so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Post-Avengers (2012)
Time Travel
Future Thor cheerfully doing whatever he likes
Loki is Done
Chaos all around

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

