Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Prologue In a top office of S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters in Washington D.C., a lone dark haired figure sat typing away on one of the many computer terminals. Usually there were about a dozen other people in the room with him, but half of them were on early vacations, and the rest were out to lunch. He never understood why everyone in the accounting department tried to flout the one major rule S.H.I.E.L.D. had: no office was to be left unattended at any point during the business day.He smirked wryly at his screen as he realized he was the only one in his department who actually followed the rules. Anyone who knew him in his youth would’ve scoffed at the idea, especially some of his teachers. His expression sobered at the thought, but it had been eight years since he’d been in school, and life moved on, and so had he.Bright green eyes darted to his watch, trying to distract himself. His colleagues should be back in five minutes, then he could get himself something to eat. He rubbed his eyes as he turned back to the screen, his contacts were bugging him again.His ears perked a bit as he heard the soft mechanical whoosh of the door opening. Thank god.“It’s about time,” he called over, starting to gather his things.“Harry James Potter,” a female voice he wished he would never hear in this building, ever, said from behind him, “what are you doing here?”“It’s Black now, you know I changed my name,” he sighed heavily. “And I work here, Ginny. The better question is, what are you doing here?”“I’m on assignment,” she straightened her shoulders happily. “I work for the Muggle Liaison Office now, and they sent me here to check things out.”“Right,” he rolled his eyes, she was way too predictable. “Let me guess, you ‘recommended’ that they should check S.H.I.E.L.D. out, and ‘naturally’ you were the best one for the job since it was your idea.”“You make it sound like this is a bad thing,” she pouted. “I figured, since I’m here, we could spend some time together before we head home for the holidays. I’m supposed to be leaving tomorrow, but I’m sure I could convince my superiors to extend my stay. You know, we haven’t spent that much time together since Hogwarts.”“Did it ever occur to you,” he dragged her out into the hallway as the first of his colleagues began trickling into the room, “that I don’t want to spend time with you? I’ve told you numerous times over the past five years, I’m seeing someone else.”“You keep saying that,” she folded her arms over her chest and began tapping her foot impatiently, “but you never say anything about this supposed girlfriend of yours except that you have one. I’m beginning to think you’re just playing hard to get.”“You know what,” he ran his hand agitatedly through his shoulder length hair as his eyes landed on a figure coming down the hall, “I’m not. In fact,” praying desperately for a hail mary pass he turned her around, “I’d like you to meet my fiancé.”Green eyes locked with the blue of the stranger. He’d thought it was one of his coworkers, but he’d never seen this guy before. That didn’t stop him, however, from silently pleading with him to go along with this charade.888888Natasha Romanoff, the infamous Black Widow, made her way down to the training facility in S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters, looking for her best friend. She was just about to punch in her code, when the door slid open, revealing the person she was looking for, followed almost immediately by two other members of the Avengers.“Hey, Nat, what’s up?” Clint Barton asked curiously.“Nothing,” she shrugged. “Just came to see if you wanted to get some lunch.”“Sure, why not?” the archer shrugged, and glanced at the other two, “You guys hungry?”“I could eat,” Steve Rogers, Captain America, nodded.“By all means, lead the way,” Thor motioned them onward.The four of them made their way to the facilities cafeteria. They each got their food and went over to a table in the back.“So,” the only female said after a few minutes, “have any of you been up to accounting recently?”“No,” Steve and Thor shook their heads.“Why would we go and see the math nerds?” Clint scoffed. “All they talk about is how their numbers don’t add up, or complain about cleanup costs.”“Not all of them,” the redhead shook her head. “Anyway, there have been some discrepancies recently in paychecks, as you should recall, Clint, so I’ve been up there quite a bit recently.”“Okay…” the archer prodded. “But that got fixed, Fury said so.”“Would you let me finish?” she glared at her best friend. “There’s this guy up there. I’ve never seen him before, so I think he’s new. Let me tell you, boys, he’s pretty hot.”“Should he be working if he is ill?” the Asgardian frowned.“No, no, no,” she sighed. “He’s not sick. He’s fine.”“That is good,” the long haired blond nodded. “You mortals are such fragile creatures.”“What Nat means,” Clint chuckled, “is that she finds him attractive. So, you thinking about asking him out?”“I don’t know if I could, o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Harry Potter

