Chapter 1: A New Start
    




Chapter Text
“So this is your suite, Sparky,” Tony Stark said opening the door with your key. “Sorry it took so long, I wanted to make sure that everything in here was flame retardant so you could feel most at home.” “Thanks,” you say grabbing the key from him and taking a gander around your new place. It was bigger than any apartment you ever had in Queens with the bonus of it being rent free. You were among the newest recruits of Avengers and now that you live with them, you are officially part of the team. It wasn’t exactly a hard choice for you to become a full time super hero, it wasn’t exactly easy for you to pay the bills with the salary you made and the night shift of hero business. Tony was hesitant to bring you on board. He knew you had a bit of a temper and a “morally ambiguous” past. “Morally ambiguous” just meaning that you’ve killed before. It was only a handful of times and those people were truly deserving of it. It was always in self-defense, but it makes you a potential liability to the team. Tony realized that as your powers and skills grew, you had the potential to become more devastating. He came to the conclusion that it would be safer to have you on the team and training, so that you could learn to avoid killing even against the grimmest of odds. You almost didn’t really have much of a choice. People on the street were starting to fear you more than you liked. A couple of fire damaged studio apartments later, your renters’ insurance went through the roof. Tony basically saved you from homelessness and now you have the “opportunity of a lifetime” to serve humanity. Or whatever it is that hero teams really do. Turns out that when aliens aren’t invading and cops seem to be doing an adequate job, there is a whole lot of training, inventing, and nothing that hero teams do. On the kitchen counter there is an itinerary for tomorrow. Training starts at 8am in the gym Don’t be late! As you read the rest of the list, you absentmindedly rub the little black heart marking on your chest. It was a birthmark that held meaning. You were tethered to another, your soulmate. You were always so embarrassed of the marking. Nearly everyone that saw it knew what it was and made some remark about it. Oh, you have a soulmate! You’re so lucky! I wish I had a soulmate I was tethered to. No. No, you don’t. It was kind of creepy when you thought about it. At first, he was quiet. There isn’t really any connection at all as a child. Only the promise that there will be based on being born with the marking. Every once in a while you’d get a weird feeling in the back of your mind. Of an emotion or a general feeling that you couldn’t explain. Later, you would recognize that this was part of your telepathic tether. You were around age 16 when you first heard him speak. It scared the shit out of you. You were about to drift of to sleep when in a quiet corner of your mind, you heard him whisper, I love you. You sprang out of bed to tell your mother. She told you that it was all normal and that age and practice would strengthen this connection. You weren’t sold on this “telepathic connection is great” bullshit that everyone kept telling you. It was unsettling that foreign thoughts and emotions could enter your most private space. Someone you didn’t know. Someone you could possibly never meet. It was also around this time that your powers slowly started to reveal themselves. Everyone seemed to be hung up on the narrative of your soulmate while you were amazed that you relit your 17th birthday candles with your mind. Then again one night, you heard him say, Goodnight, I love you. Almost angry, you shouted back in your mind at him, Love me? You don’t know me? He replied, But I’m starting to know you, and I know I will love you. Get out of my head! You shouted back. There was silence, but you could still feel his presence. A looming sadness in the back of your mind. From that first telepathic conversation, the tether slowly began to strengthen as you were warned. The more you used it, the older you got, the more you knew, the stronger your abilities could be. One day at a school dance, you suddenly dropped to your knees. Your heart felt heavy like it was full of lead. It was almost hard for you to breath from an overwhelming sadness that shook your whole body and mind. Your friends were alarmed and asked what was wrong. You couldn’t quite explain it but somehow you knew, “He lost someone he loved.” That night in bed, you couldn’t fall asleep. You just kept rolling around as his presence sat dense and heavy in the back of your mind. Although you couldn’t exactly hear it, you knew he was weeping, you could almost see a tropical rainstorm in your mind’s eye and somehow you knew that’s what that meant. For the first time, you reached out to him. I’m sorry...  and you tried to send warm feelings his way. An ocean at sunset, gentle warm waves cresting and crashing onto fine sand. Pulling in and back ou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spider-Man x Reader - Relationship
Spider-Man/Reader
Spider-Man & Reader
Peter Parker/ Reader
Peter Parker & Reader
Peter Parker x Reader
Peter Parker & You
Spider-Man & you

freeform: 
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Slow Romance
Romantic Soulmates
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
BAMF Natasha Romanov
BAMF Peter Parker
some smut
Eventual Smut
Angst and Feels
Peter Has Feelings
Angst with a Happy Ending
Resist Fate
You resist Peter at first

fandom: 
Spider-Man x Reader - Relationship
Spider-Man/Reader
Spider-Man & Reader
Peter Parker/ Reader
Peter Parker & Reader
Peter Parker x Reader
Peter Parker & You
Spider-Man & you

