Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When Phil got out of his car a broad guy waited for him beside the door of the warehouse in the docks. He was taller than Phil and looked down at him but when he just raised his brow the man stepped aside and opened the door for him.“Mr. Thorbenson is awaiting you, Mr. Smith,” the man said and Phil nodded. He went into the small  corridor and wondered how the goon behind him could maneuver in this cramped space but somehow he managed it. He followed him to the office, apparently to make sure that he didn't go somewhere Thorbenson didn't want him. But Phil knew exactly what they did here. His front may be a fish-dealer and fish-manufacturer but that was not his main business. Tronde Thorbenson liaised all kind of specialists. Assassins, forger, bomb planter, arsonists, muscles, thieves... whatever one needed, Thorbenson could contact the right person. Thorbenson's goon opened the door to the office and Phil saw a huge blond man sitting behind his desk, smoking one of his stinking cigars and talking to someone at the phone.“Mr. Smith, long time no see. And I can't say that I regret that,” Thorbenson said when he had finished his call and grinned broadly at Phil. “Thorbenson,” Phil nodded, sat down and crossed his legs. He placed his hands on his thigh and looked at the man in front of him.“Okay, Smith. I know this isn't a courtesy visit. What do you want?” The other man leaned back in his chair and placed one foot at his dirty, cluttered desk. He shoved his cigar from one corner of his mouth to the other and placed his hands on the bulge of his stomach. “You know what I want.” Phil cocked his head and gave him one of his bland smiles. “The archer?” Thorbenson asked and Phil nodded.“The archer.” Phil confirmed and smiled again when he saw the other man scratch his shaggy beard.“You can't have him.” He said and shoved the cigar back to the other corner of his mouth. “He's too good to give him up.” “That's the problem, Thorbenson. He's too good and that's why he appeared on our radar. And now my boss wants him and it's my job to get him. We can do it the easy way, you give him to me and can continue with your business or we do it the hard way and I have to bust your little party. Either way, the result is the same. I'll get the archer.” “You can't do that. Come on, John. How long are we doing business together? Nearly ten years now. And...”“It's not my decision this time. My boss says 'bring me the archer' and that's that. Like I've said, I'll get him either way but because of our... long term business relationship... I'll give you the choice.”Thorbenson looked pained at Phil and seemed to deliberate how serious he really was. And Phil changed his expression a tiny fraction to show him that he was deadly serious. Thorbenson finally nodded.“Okay. But he's not in the country at the moment. I'll contact him and when he's back you get him.” “I appreciate that. Do you think I can have him in a week?” Phil asked and cocked his head and Thorbenson turned to a small journal, flipped through a few pages and then nodded. “Yeah, should be possible.” Thorbenson grumbled and threw his journal back onto the desk. Phil sighed and rose, straightened his tie and turned to the door. He already had the handle in his hand when he turned back.“Oh, and Thorbenson, don't try to screw me. I would hate to lock you up.” Phil smiled and left the office. Thorbenson's goon still waited beside the door and he followed him back out to his car. He got in but before he started the engine he took his cellphone and dialed a number.“Director Fury, we'll get him.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Shield owns Clint
slave!Clint
Phil is not a nice person
Rape/Non-con Elements
Deaf Clint
Clint has a child
Medical Procedures
Medical Inaccuracies
Experimental therapy
Non-Consensual Spanking
Coulson OoC
Humiliation
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

