Work Text:
Tony’s head felt off, fuzzy and wrong, as he blinked and tried to focus despite the dull pain throbbing at the back of his head. The room was white, almost sterile in the clinical kind of way it was laid out. His eyes darted around the room, taking in detail or the very obvious lack of detail and trying to figure out where he was before his brain started to come back online.He was strapped down on his stomach and completely naked.Fear had his entire body seizing at the position and the feeling of tempered air brushing his naked skin. Tony immediately tugged at his restraints and found both legs strapped down, both arms secured and not a single inch was given to where he could move. A gag filled his mouth.The sound of footsteps had his heart hammering and his body tensing almost violently. Whoever it was moved around the room. He could hear things being moved and a soft kind of breathing that was terrifying in its own way because usually a kidnapper spoke by this point.Then he could see who, or rather what, it was in the room with him.The creature, an alien—not another alien, was purple and wicked looking at it examined him with a detached expression on its face. When it spoke Tony only heard screeches and clicks. A cold hand gripped his face and moved to touch the rest of his body, examining and feeling, as he tried jerking away and failed repeatedly.He barely heard the door open again.“The Terran Omega is of good breeding stock, fertile and after thorough healing it is healthy to breed with multiple compatible beings. It is a perfect match for our breeding program.”Breeding program?Tony’s heart stopped and then started pounding violently. This was beyond a nightmare scenario. He had been working in his workshop; he had been talking with Jarvis and examining readings from the Stark satellites in between repairs to his latest Iron Man armor.Then it was dark. His memory seemed to blur and he’d woken up here.The purple alien spoke in its strange language but the other being, the one Tony could understand, seemed to know what it was saying. It made the entire thing a million times worse because he needed to know what both of them were saying.“Terrans are only compatible with so many races.” The second one seemed to be agreeing. “I already have the first compatible specimen ready. A full rut is imminent and the breeder has already received a fertility injection.”He shouted his protest into the gag and yanked at his restraints. Neither alien seemed to care and continued to speak as though he wasn’t there, as though he was nothing and Tony started trembling.For the first time he wished he was in that cave in Afghanistan.In that cave no one had known what he was, no one on Earth who was still alive had known he was an Omega, but these aliens did and somehow they’d managed to remove him from his Tower.A sound drew his attention and Tony watched the purple alien move to his side. The sound of a beep had him startling but nothing like the feeling of the bench he was strapped to tilting downward.Soon enough his face was close to the ground and his ass was still raised up high, exposed and waiting.One of the aliens left and when they returned the heavy, thick and coiling scent of an Alpha nearing rut filled the room. “Do you have any idea who you have captured?” the voice boomed and Tony tried to turn to stare, to confirm the owner of the voice but his position prevented him from seeing at that angle. “I am Thor, son of Odin and Prince of Asgard. You will—”There was a sound of pain and Tony closed his eyes. They were able to subdue Thor. Thor who was a literal god of untold power and who he had thought was on Asgard with his homicidal brother.At least he knew the Alpha they were going to be breeding him with. It was a small, very small, consolation and from the sounds of it Thor wouldn’t be the only one breeding him. He’d managed to go his whole life with only a handful of people knowing he was an Omega, hiding his nature viciously, and now he had nowhere to hide.At least it’s Point Break.Warmth seemed to press up against him and a large, thick and heavy cock brushed his ass. Tony’s breathing hitched and caught in his throat as the sound of chains echoed in the room and Thor’s breathing hitched audibly.“How dare you—”Now Tony could feel Thor jerking and he managed to look back to see that the aliens had bound Thor behind him. There appeared to be runes of some kind on the chains curled around ankles attached to very bare legs.This was happening.It was happening and it didn’t look like either of them were getting free anytime soon.“Alpha,” The one alien Tony could understand addressed Thor, “You will stay in the breeding room until you have successfully bred your chosen Omega partner and then you will be given time to rest before we move you on to the next compatible Omega in this facility.”“I will not.”The increasing scent of Thor’s rut and the reluctant arousal flooding the air said otherwise.They were left a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Alpha Thor
Top Thor
Dubious Consent
Kidnapping
Alien Breeding Program
Alien Culture
Objectification
Restraints
Gags
Non-Consensual Touching
Knotting
Breeding
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Barebacking
Alpha rut
Alien Abduction
Post-Avengers (2012)
Size Difference
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Powerless Thor
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Magic
Implied Mpreg
Angst and Smut
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

