Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He felt like he'd been hit by a truck.  And yes.  He knew what that felt like.  Damn sisters.Groaning, he rolled over, and his face scraped against the ground, and his stomach kept going.  For a second, he thought he was going to throw up, and he squeezed his eyes and his mouth shut, breathing through his nose in short, quick bursts.  When his stomach reluctantly settled back where it belonged, he risked opening his eyes.He regretted that pretty much instantly, because he had no idea where he was.Fear scraped at the edges of his mind, his heart pounding, his stomach churning, and he struggled to breathe normally.  Slow, and steady.  In through his nose, out through his mouth.   He forced himself back under control, and he was shaking the entire time.Panic was the enemy now.  He knew that.  He absolutely knew that.  He needed to calm down.  He needed to think.  Taking another slow, even breath, he pushed himself up, scooting backwards, away from the exposed middle of the floor.  Putting himself up against the wall, where he could at least watch for attack, he drew his legs up to his chest, wrapping his arms around them.He could not panic.  He needed to take stock of the situation.  Think about this carefully.  Figure out what he did know.The room was unfamiliar.  More than that, the room was foreign.  The furniture was heavy and big and clean, and it was a bedroom. From where he was sitting, he could see there was a huge, massive bed, bureau and mirror and some doors, one of which was half open.  He leaned forward, just a little, and he could seen the the light reflecting off the tile floor in there; probably a bathroom, then.  There were heavy curtains drawn up along the wall, and all the light was coming from recessed fixtures.He didn't know this room.  He didn't even know the clothes he was wearing.  They were too big, way too big, adult clothes, and they were falling off of him.  The t-shirt had a bullseye target in the middle of the chest, and he pulled it away from his skin to read the words.  “Gunshots attract zombies.”  Shaking his head, he let the fabric fall back to his chest.  He took a breath, and stood up, nearly losing the too-large sweatpants he was wearing.  He cinched up the drawstring as much as he could and tied the pants off, then rolled up the legs so he wouldn't trip on them.  The t-shirt hung down way past his hips but that was okay.  He could ignore that.Carefully, he picked his way across the carpeted floor.  The room was quiet, and empty, and the doors opened without any problems.  Closets, a couple of them, with rows of gray and black suits and shined shoes, with black shirts and cargo pants.  He picked his way from door to door, staying close to the wall, staying quiet, until he found the one that lead out of the bedroom.The door led to a room that was just as quiet, just as empty, and just as unfamiliar.  He could feel the fear clawing at him, fear and panic, and he could not give in to either one of them.  He knew better.  His sisters might be here, somewhere.  He might be alone.  But his mother had told him what to do, if he was kidnapped, if he woke up and he was alone and he thought that he was in trouble.  His parents would be looking for him.He took a deep breath, and slipped out into the larger room.  He did a quick search, but nothing was familiar.  Big expanses of glass and shiny metal boxes, the things were almost alien, out of a sci-fi movie, mixed in with things that were almost familiar.  Table.  A couple of chairs.  A rather ordinary looking lamp on a futuristic table of glass and metal.  A handful of books were next to the lamp, the Hobbit on top of the pile.  A plain white coffee cup was on the low table, and a massive frame, filled with dark glass, hung on the wall, blank and strange.The curtains were open here.  He crept forward, cautious and careful, and stared down at the city scape.  A long, long way down.  Where ever he was, whatever he was doing here, the room he was in was a long way from the ground, and a long way from anything he knew.  New York?  He tilted his head to the side, staring in one direction and then the other, and he frowned at the skyline.  No.  Not New York.  Things weren't-Panic.  He could not panic.  He had to get himself out of here, and he had to find if he was alone, or if they'd taken his sisters too, they were just babies, they wouldn't-There was a kitchen.  He grabbed the pad of paper from the table, and filled his pockets with apples from the fruit bowl.  Fruit.  Fruit was safe, still intact, one piece.  He turned a banana over and over in his hands, checking for anything that would show that it had been tampered with.  Peeling it, he shoved it in his mouth and grabbed a pen from the cup on the counter.“My name is Philip Coulson,” he wrote, printing clearly.  “I am nine years old.  I am being held against my will.”  He added his mother and father's names, and his address, folded it up tight, and slipped 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Deaged adult
kids in jeopardy
but not really
Escape caper
DJ is in such trouble there isn't even words
Jarvis is going to spend the next week bitching him out
Family/Domestic fic

fandom: 
None
