Work Text:
Tony prowled cautiously along the darkened gallery, trying to put his feet down as gently as possible on the tiles. Not for the first time, it occurred to him just how unsuitable the Iron Man armour was for this kind of work. Which was why he didn't usually do this kind of work, and was an idiot for agreeing to it.The museum looked very different with not even the emergency lighting up; the full moon streaming through the high windows gave enough light to find his way, but the greyed out displays looked, well, spooky.He stepped behind a sculpture of a woman in a toga, and turned up the armour's audio pickups. He could hear very faint murmurs coming from further down the gallery, from the direction of the atrium. That was almost back where he'd started, albeit two floors down; the place was a warren.He slipped from shadow to shadow, alert for movement; he'd counted seven figures on the security monitors before the screens had abruptly cut out. The electricity had gone, too, and all forms of contact with the outside world.He tried the radio again, just in case. Nothing but bristling static.He advanced, and put his head cautiously over the balcony rail. The atrium was dark, the stained glass dome that dropped sunlit colour during the day letting very little moonlight in. From the second floor it was like peering down into a well, dim pale shapes moving like ghosts in the gloom. He flicked up the thermal lenses and counted. Seven humanoids, normal human temperatures, moving around in no discernable pattern. A subvocalized command overlaid the display map onto his vision. He'd uploaded all the museum information to his armour, which was just as well; with all the computers down, and the Internet cut off, he'd be flying blind otherwise.Lots of small pedestals scattered through the atrium, each with its own small statue; but the people were showing no particular interest in the displays, as far as he could tell, occasionally pushing them back out of the way, and they kept leaning down, as if they were doing something to the floor.A sparked of white flared with the sound of a lighter, and he snapped down the lenses, hoping to catch a glimpse of a face by the flame. The figure holding it was hooded, though, wearing a pale robe loosely belted. He - or possibly she - stooped to light a candle, then another, then another, circling slowly round the floor, gradually illuminating trails of paint over the mosaic floor, and six more figures in robes, all deeply hooded. They moved erratically about, painting lines and scattering powders and lighting little cones of incense."Hurry up," someone said softly, and there was a dim green glow that was a digital watch. "Full moon is in three minutes.""Hurrying," and the movements sped up, followed by a clatter and a curse as a small statue was knocked off its pedestal. Tony winced, and pulled up the museum catalogue with a whispered command. Fortunately, none of the displays here were particularly valuable. The museum was running a special exhibit on mythical beasts, and the atrium was host to a number of interactive exhibits, including a wide range of toy-sized models for children to examine."Shh.""I thought you said there were no security scheduled for the exhibition?" a young woman's voice."Not for the next three days, but I don't know why. It's possible they contracted an outside security team." An older woman's voice, irritable. And not wrong; with Iron Man on the premises, there was no need for extra security. Mostly so Tony could take of his helmet and catch up with his paperwork, but he was also fully equipped to cope with most kinds of burglars single-handed.This was clearly not your average robbery, if it even was a robbery. Whatever it was, it sounded as if the best time to disrupt would be just before the Moon reached fullness; that way, even if they turned out to have actual magical powers that would take him out, they wouldn't have time to redo the ritualTwenty-one candles, and Tony could make out the shapes and patterns; some kind of many-pointed star, wobbly lines of red paint crossing and recrossing and centred on a display case, a tall narrow display case that didn't belong there. He squinted, and searched the catalogue for 'medium sized-rock', then gave it up as a bad job.One of the robed figures took up position in front of the case, and raised his arms theatrically. Judging by the thick black hair on the forearms, Tony felt safe calling this one a guy. He started to intone something in a language Tony didn't recognise, and the candleflames lengthened and into slim pillars of light, slowly twisting higher and brighter.Almost immediately, the rock started to glow, revealing a complex pattern engraved on the surface. A moment later, the glass of the display case shivered and shattered and fell in shining heaps to the floor. That was pretty fast, for magic. In Tony's experience, you had to get a lot more chanting in before things started smashing."Okay, I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

