Chapter 1





Chapter Text
In her line of work, Pepper Potts had to deal with a remarkable amount of... well, let's just say it: bullshit.Between Tony Stark and his carousing, Tony Stark and his drinking, Tony Stark suddenly deciding to become a superhero, Tony Stark suddenly deciding to become her boyfriend (and didn't that sound silly, calling him something that banal), Tony Stark suddenly deciding to not only join but actively collect and house a ragtag team of superheroes in his Manhattan tower, and Tony Stark just generally existing, there was a lot of bullshit in Pepper Potts's life. She had learned, largely through trial and error and repeated exposure, not to let it throw her.Throwing out whatever random floozy Tony had brought home this week? No sweat.Watching aliens come out of the sky over Manhattan? Horrifying, yes, but she could deal.Suddenly getting superpowers of her own thanks to an old acquaintance with a psychotic grudge? Hey, there could be actual up-sides to this.Steve Rogers calling her in L.A. at nine p.m. California time asking to borrow the jet so that he could escort Darcy Lewis - whom everyone thought he hated - home to Texas for her grandmother's funeral? It would absolutely not be an understatement to say that Pepper Potts was, for the first time in a very long time, utterly flabbergasted.Of course she gave him the jet immediately - it was for Darcy, for pete's sake, and everyone (except Steve) absolutely loved Darcy. Pepper especially loved Darcy because Darcy, upon moving into the tower as part of Thor's entourage, had taken one look at the team of rampant destruction that was Tony and Bruce, immediately dubbed them Science Bros, and then taken their entire department in hand. Within a week, she was riding herd over not just Jane but also both Bruce and Tony, and Pepper's life had suddenly become exponentially easier. There was absolutely no question about it: aside from Tony, Darcy was definitely Pepper's favorite. (Pepper would never admit it in front of Tony, but there were some days when she liked Darcy better.)But after she gave Steve the jet, she had to talk to someone about the fact that she'd just given the jet to Steve, so that he could escort Darcy - whom he hated! - back home to her grandmother's funeral. So she picked up the phone and called the first person she could think of.“He's doing what?” Natasha asked when Pepper finished explaining.“I know!” Pepper exclaimed.“But he hates her,” Natasha asserted.“I know.” Pepper repeated.“What is he doing?” Natasha muttered, possibly to herself.“I don't know,” Pepper moaned, flopping backward on her bed and feeling a little bit like she was back in high school.After that, it was just a matter of hurry-up-and-wait. She went back and forth about whether to tell Tony - it was even odds whether he'd find it sweet or amusing, and if he'd try to interfere - but in the end she decided to tell him simply to keep him from blundering into something and making things worse. So she waited until she had his complete and undivided attention - which is to say, when he came up to bed, she knocked him onto the mattress, straddled him and sat on his stomach. “Tony,” she said. “I have to talk to you about something important.”His eyes got huge and worried. “Uh?”“Before I tell you anything, I need to explain to you that there are consequences involved in what I'm about to say.”He blinked. “Uh.”“And when I say consequences, I mean that if you screw this up for me, I swear to God, Tony, I will make you wish you hadn't.” She ran a hand through his hair. “Do I make myself extremely clear?”He swallowed hard. “Uh-huh.”“Good. I think Steve is finally getting his head out of his ass where Darcy is concerned.”Tony stared up at her. “Uh... what?”She sighed. “Do you pay attention to anything around you at all, or is it all just sort of like the adults speaking in a Charlie Brown special?”“Mostly the latter,” he admitted. “Back up and start from the beginning, because Steve hates Darcy.”“Well, I thought so, too.” She shifted off him and settled onto the mattress, her legs crossing in front of her as she leaned forward, resting her elbows on her knees. She picked up Tony's hand, idly playing with his fingers as she spoke. “But I'm starting to think it might actually be the opposite reaction. I'm starting to think she gets on his nerves because he likes her too much, and after everything that's happened to him, he's afraid.”Tony considered this statement. Pepper had found that Tony was actually not completely incompetent with regard to humans; it was just that he didn't care. He'd been hurt so badly, for so long, by so many people, that he had forcibly shut down. If his interest could be caught, though, he could be convinced to care - and that was how he had managed to start collecting superheroes and dating Pepper Potts. “You might actually be right,” he murmured thoughtfully. “I noticed - and by noticed, of course, I mean Jane pointed it out and I double c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
I really don't know what I'm doing here
I have all these feelings
PTSD Steve
Steve Feels
Darcy Feels
Steve Rogers Has Issues
But who doesn't?
awkward baby relationship
Thor Is Not Stupid
Steve is Not a Virgin
(probably)
Odin's A+ Parenting

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Jane Foster/Thor

