Chapter 1: Something Rotten in Denver
    




Chapter Text
 Thanos’ ship is empty.Or it  seems  empty, and that in itself is concerning. Crash-landed or not, rendered useless or not, Gamora would have expected at least a battalion of soldiers surrounding it, and more inside to guard whatever might lay within.But instead the ship has been left completely unmanned, the entrance locked but easy to bypass. It took Stark only a few short minutes to hack into the ship’s door controls and get them inside. She doesn’t like this, and judging from the resounding silence from Thor and Stark, neither do they.“There’s likely nothing of value here,” she says, though she knows they’ve both gathered as much on their own. “Much less any of the Stones. But we still have to be sure.”“It could be a trap,” Thor warns.“It could,” Gamora agrees, and she steps up the ramp and through the doorway.They follow shortly after, as she knew they would. Between the three of them, they can handle whatever Thanos has left here, soldiers or traps or anything else.“Nobody on board but us,” Stark speaks up, and she turns to raise an eyebrow at him. He’s not looking at her, instead having turned his gaze upward as if he can see through the ceiling and into the many halls of the ship. It’s only a second later that Gamora realizes he  can,  in a way. “No heat signatures, no sound at all, no pulse readings… Wait, scratch that.”He pauses, and not for the first time Gamora wishes she could read his expression beyond that never-changing, always vaguely angry looking mask. She knows he needs it for protection — needs all of the suit for protection, given the fragility of Terran bodies — but that makes it no less off-putting.“What is it?” Thor asks, and Gamora crosses her arms over her chest, waiting.“There’s still no heat signature, but I’m picking up a pulse,” Stark tells them. “Not all that strong, but it’s there.  Somebody’s  alive. Maybe another kind of alien without body heat?”“It’s weak?” Gamora asks. The suit nods, and she sighs, her heart sinking with that too-familiar disappointment of another life lost.  Damn it.  “It’s not a soldier. Thanos would never leave just one behind to guard the ship. It’s probably a prisoner. A dying one, if he left it here alone.”She bites the inside of her cheek. Her bedside manner is nothing to envy, but…“Where?” she asks.“Two floors up, starboard side,” Stark tells her, pointing.“I’ll take care of it,” she decides. “Thor, you go on and search the captain’s quarters and storage. They’ll be on the top floor. Stark, the engine rooms.”Stark sends her a fleeting look she doesn’t like because she can’t see it, and Thor gives her a look she likes even less because she  can  see it. But they both follow her instruction for the same reason they’ve followed her here; she knows Thanos better than anyone, and she has proven the value of her judgement several times over in the short time they’ve known her. They do as she says, and if Thor hangs back a second too long, she pretends not to notice.When they’re gone, she steels herself and heads for the stairs.She knows the two of them have good intentions, stupidly noble hearts. They’re like Peter that way, and she’s taken a liking to both of them in spite of herself because of it.But that is exactly why she cannot trust either of them to make the decision that awaits her upstairs. Thanos never leaves a prisoner behind if they are strong enough to even  attempt  an escape, and in all likelihood, this one was left behind to die. Leaving Gamora with the unenviable task of putting it out of its misery.When she ascends the two floors, sure enough, she finds herself at the head of a hallway lined with cells.Slowly, carefully, she makes her way down the hall, silent as a mouse and with one hand on her sword on the off chance this  is  some sort of convoluted trap. It’s not Thanos’ style, never has been, but Gamora is not one to make assumptions and take stupid risks.As soon as she finds him, though, her grip on her sword slackens.It’s not a soldier, or a guard, or anyone she has to fear. The prisoner she’s found is most definitely a prisoner, and by the look of him, her suspicions are confirmed. There aren’t many creatures that could survive what this one seems to have been through.She  is  going to have to take one more life today after all, and she is not thrilled about it.Gamora can see him plainly through the glass cell wall, slumped against the wall in the back corner, and the quick once-over she gives him is nothing but reflex. Observing, identifying, cataloging injuries. Terran, maybe, though a lot of species look that way. Unconscious. Breathing, though just barely. More cuts and scrapes on him than she cares to count, and that’s only where she can see. A broken cheekbone, judging by the pattern of the bruising, ugly black and yellow on pale skin. More bruising, of course, around his neck. A visibly broken leg.And then, finally, the real cause of his condition: A deep dark r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Guardians of the Galaxy Team & Loki (Marvel)

freeform: 
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Hurt/Comfort
Team Dynamics
POV Multiple
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Canon-Typical Violence
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Fix-It
Aftermath of Torture
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Minor Gamora/Peter Quill
BAMF Gamora
Who Am I Kidding They're All a BAMF in Some Way

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Guardians of the Galaxy Team & Loki (Marvel)

