Chapter 1: Once Upon A Time....
    




Chapter Text

 The Savior of Brooksville was going to die. 

Peggy’s mind shied away from the mere thought, but it seemed more and more likely the longer they waited for the Doctor.
Something had to give.
 
Steve sighed as he surveyed his latest creation, hands limply holding on to the still wet paintbrush. As much as he loved art, it did get tedious not knowing the actual colors for everything. For all he knew, he could be coloring the sky wrong.
Bucky mewed excitedly, disturbing Steve’s solemn contemplation. He was dancing back and forth, or trying his best to, with his three legs. Steve smiled fondly at him, the familiar affection for his favourite (and only) companion rising up in him.
“Yeah, yeah. I know you think it’s brilliant, Buck. But neither of us can actually see all that well.”
Bucky let out a shorter mew, affronted.
Steve looked at Bucky with a smile, “What? It’s true. And you know I think you’re perfect as you are”
Bucky sniffed Steve’s outstretched hand and gave it a lick, carefully avoiding the paint. He knew from experience that it  did not  taste good.
Steve smiled faintly at the sight, and looked at the painting from the corner of his eye; familiar strains of frustration welled in his chest, and Steve burst out, “I can’t keep living like this. Not when I can be out there helping people.”
Bucky sighed because he had heard this rant before, several times, but more in frequency ever since Steve had read that article in his new scroll.
Steve continued, “I can help, really help them, make a difference in their lives. It’s selfish for me to stay here while people are dying needlessly in Brooksville. Especially with no healers willing to go there because of the danger.”
Bucky put his head on his front paw, bright grey eyes tracking Steve as he paced the length of the tiny living room made large by wall paintings and the floor length window-cum-balcony in the North. Humans were so easily riled.
“The Queen built 4 orphanages! Four! And the Chief of the Royal Guard grew up in one of the orphanages, can you imagine, Bucky? Boy, she is one heck of a lady, both of them.”
Bucky responded by slowly licking his paw and flicking his eyelid.
Steve’s smile flickered, “They say more and more people are dying by the minute…..Do you think I should ask him? He has to say yes! It’s a matter of life and death, and it’s an entire kingdom! What do you think, Buck?”
Bucky yawned.
“Yes. Today. When he comes, I will ask him.” He nodded to himself and resolutely patted Bucky’s head.
“Today.”
 
“Tony, come on! They’re catching up,” Rhodey yelled as Tony attached the last explosive.
“Untwist your underpants, Sour Patch. We’ll get out of this a Savior’s Shield richer, see if we don’t.” He answered lightly jogging away as he judged the correct distance.
Rhodey huffed, “I doubt I’ll be seeing anything when we’re  in prison, Tony goddamn it” 
Tony giggled, adrenaline pumping, “Language, Sugar Plum”, and pushed the button on his jury-rigged remote.
Rhodey ducked as the resulting explosion scattered dust and debris in his eyes, and hissed, “ Come-fucking-on” 
Grinning, as he hefted the case containing the famous red-white-and-blue shield over his shoulder, “Yeah, let’s blow this popsicle stand”, and jumped.
And then they ran. Tiny figures on the roof of an enormous white and salmon castle.
Meanwhile, cavalry had been alerted.
Rhodey grabbed Tony’s shoulder and pulled him left, as guards poured onto the roof, dressed starchily in the official red and blue uniform. The vibration from their feet beating like a drum in Rhodey’s ears, “They have us surrounded!”
Tony glared back fiercely, “Only if there’s only one of us. Let’s split up and meet back at Bruce’s”.
“Tony, no.” Rhodey said, as he squeezed Tony’s arm.
“Rhodey, you can’t be caught helping me and I have the armor. Take those stairs and sneak away from the back exit. Go!” And with that Tony ran in the opposite direction, pulling the guards away from Rhodey, with the distinctive shield case on his back.
And Rhodey had no choice but to run, swearing to wring that punk’s neck the next time (And there better be a next time) he saw him.
 
Natasha ran, Clint hot on her heels as the culprit ran towards the edge of the roof. He was not going to get away. The thief had nowhere left to go. He had made a mistake ditching his friend there.
Natasha stopped in anticipation of his stopping when he saw the sharp drop into the sea from the edge. The water would be akin to hitting concrete at this height.
Then, he jumped.
Clint stumbled in disbelief as he saw the man, and the shield, disappear over the edge. Natasha wasted no time, running over to the boundary wall to see the fool kill himself. Only he didn’t. The man – somehow – was floating, blue light emanating from his palms, as red and gold metal spread over his palms and feet.
“What in the gods-”
“Clint.” Natasha interrupted, “Shoot him down.”
Clint stared at her, stunned, “Are you seeing what I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tangled AU
Alternate Universe - Tangled (2010) Fusion
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Sick Steve Rogers
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

