Work Text:
Tony continued to sit and stare at Mjolnir. He’d been staring at Thor’s hammer for what felt like several hours but was probably closer to one hour. At this point, running on little sleep and crashing from using a truly unhealthy amount of caffeine as a crutch, he wasn’t completely sure why he’d started staring at Mjolnir in the first place. It didn’t look like anything special but looks were deceiving and Tony had seen the destruction that Mjolnir had wrought at Thor’s hands.It also seemed to have this kind of inexplicable presence.Something charged and ancient that hung in the air but at the same time it felt a bit peaceful for a war hammer. Tony narrowed his eyes and leaned close to it, looking over every inch available to his eyes and mentally cataloging them.He really, really wanted it down in his workshop to scan it but he’d held back from asking.Mysteries and solving them was something he loved probably far more than he should but what was life without a little mystery and the quest for answers? Something that couldn’t be explained but begged for someone to give it the kind of attention it deserved.“You’re certainly something.” He murmured out loud as he stared at it and blinked lazily, eyes threatening to slide shut, as he forced himself to focus. Tony reached out to Extremis and sought help staying awake from the energy the fixed virus usually gave him. But like the serum running through Steve and Bucky Extremis could only do so much before Tony needed to rest. “Thor talks about you like you’re sentient. Are you like my bots?”Mjolnir didn’t respond and Tony hadn’t expected her to.That would have probably been fifty steps too far and Tony didn’t need a talking hammer in his life. He already lived in a tower full of superheroes, somehow had become one himself and had a super soldier who regularly fucked him into the mattress.His life probably didn’t need that kind of excitement added to it especially when he was half-asleep.“I’m not sure of the protocols for touching you but I promise it isn’t with ill intent.” He didn’t think the hammer was sentient but Tony wasn’t going to take any chances just in case it could understand. The last thing he needed was death by electrocution or something equally painful. “So I would really, really appreciate it if I didn’t get shocked or anything else on any level of pain. Thanks.”Tony closed his eyes, opening them just a little, before he reached out and curled his fingers around the handle. Nothing happened.“Oh thank God and I’m not talking about Thor even though I probably should be. Is that even proper etiquette?” He let his fingers touch the warm, rich leather of the handle and marveled at how supple it felt. “Huh.”His touch moved over the handle and slowly down towards the part of the hammer he was honestly the most worried about. He had seen it pin Loki down and Tony had felt Loki’s strength seconds before it had sent him flying out of a window so Mjolnir had power capable to stilling Loki.The head of the hammer both felt familiar and also, in a way, alien under his touch. He could almost feel a kind of buzz dancing under his finger tips and it had a short laugh punching out of him unexpectedly.Tony’s eyes popped wide and his hand pulled away before he stared at the hammer.He touched it again.Thor had said that his father told him Mjolnir had been forged in the heart of a dying star.A. Dying. Star.It blew his mind and had far too many questions cluttering his thoughts. There were plenty of stories about the myth, a myth that sat in front of him as an undeniable fact, and how Mjolnir came into existence. Plenty of myths on how she came to Thor.Myth though appeared to be mostly myth when it came to Asgard and what actually happened with those the entire world had once believed mere stories.His fingers moved over the writing that was in a language he didn’t know and Tony leaned closer, taking in the markings and grinning at the buzzing feeling still zinging up his fingers. It was slightly ticklish, almost playful in how it started to zip gleefully through him and Tony grinned in delight.“Aren’t you a work of art?” he murmured lowly in appreciation. “Beautiful in the way that most deadly things are.” His weapons had been things of beauty before they had wrought destruction and brought death. Mjolnir was beautiful for all that she could effortlessly take lives at her master’s hand.Tony cocked his head to the side and wondered. Was it really so impossible to pick her up? Was it intent? Could Thor control it? Was it something beyond that?Or was it more myth?“I don’t know if I’m worthy,” Tony started even as his fingers continued to map the head of the hammer and his awe at the feeling of something greater continued to fill the air around them, “or if the stories are even true but I have always been curious.” His fingers flexed and anticipation hummed inside of him along with the caressing kind of buzz lighting up his nerves. “Can I pick you up?”It felt rid
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sleepy Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fluff and Smut
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Riding
Anal Fingering
Barebacking
Kissing
Sentient Mjolnir (Marvel)
Extremis Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
That's right...I'm picking and choosing what I want to keep
and making the rest up
talking to inanimate objects
Sleepy Bucky Barnes
Teasing
Established Relationship
Established Bucky Barnes/Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Feels
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
because it NEVER happens
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

