Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thor expected to find Loki on the throne when he returned to Asgard. Rumors that the citizens had begun to honor Loki as a great hero in the battle against Malekith pointed to him having some sort of presence. What he didn't expect was to find his brother occupying the throne as a Queen. An ethereally beautiful, extremely pregnant Queen.Her smile was radiant as she welcomed home the "prodigal son" of Odin, but as she embraced him, she hissed in his ear "don't say a word, brother." As he saw no advantage to calling out the deception before he knew the extent of it, he didn't.He followed her to the chamber that had once belonged to their mother and waited while she dismissed her guards."Loki..." he began once they were alone."It's Lorelei now, although you should probably address me as Your Majesty."Thor snorted. "What sort of game are you playing at? More importantly, what did you do with our father?""Odin is dead. Or he will be sooner than later. He is very old and losing his faculties. You knew this would happen eventually." Thor opened his mouth, but Lorelei held up a finger. "Allow me to explain. When I took his place, I relieved him of his powers and brought him to the place where all of your beloved humans bring their elderly parents. I checked on him regularly. On my last visit it was made clear to me that he is deteriorating faster than I had anticipated. I couldn't maintain the illusion of his power much longer. And so, three months ago, 'Odin' announced that he had discovered an heir. An Asgardian living on a planet in a distant corner of the realms was carrying Loki's child." She ran her fingers over her swollen middle."Three months," Thor interjected, eyeing the swell."I can see what you are thinking, but I assure you this child is very real. I spent just enough time on a planet where time is significantly slower that I could return to Asgard like this.""So the father is...""A very powerful wizard." She gazed down at her abdomen almost fondly, her fingers still absently stroking. "You see, I realized that ruling Asgard in the guise of the Allfather wasn't enough. You refused the crown and Loki died heroically defeating Malekith. Even if I revealed that I had survived, without an heir I would be vulnerable to our enemies. They would know that if they killed me, Asgard would be entirely without a ruler.""And it never occurred to you to try to find a wife to bear your child?"Lorelei hesitated, as if this had not, in fact, occurred to her. Then she sighed heavily. "This is no ordinary child. She will be powerful. Fearsome. A worthy Queen to rule Asgard in the event of my demise. Of course, after she is born I intend to reveal my true identity. Perhaps then I can consider more children, but it doesn't matter. I intend to live a long life.""Wouldn't be so sure of that," Thor muttered."Was that a threat?""No, your majesty. It was a promise. You see, I know you. Your plotting and deceptions always catch up to you eventually. When the people of Asgard learn of your manipulations I doubt you will be able to maintain your hold on the throne. They will revolt."Lorelei waved a hand, as if dismissing Thor's prophecy as ridiculous. "The people are easily led. They believe what they want to believe. You will not sway them.""I don't have to. Heimdall can see everything. The people would believe him if he were to come out of exile and tell them what you have been doing these past years."Lorelei glared. "You wouldn't.""Of course it would be far easier if I simply reclaimed my own right to the throne as first born. I don't really relish the idea, but if your child is as worthy as you believe, I could always abdicate to her when she is of age. You, of course, would be banished."Lorelei glared at Thor, her hands curling into fists."And before you get any ideas about killing me, I should remind you that Heimdall really can see all."There was a long pause while Lorelei considered her options. "Well," she finally said. "What do you propose to do?""Take me to our father. I want to see his condition with my own eyes before deciding on a course of action.""I am hardly in any condition to go traveling about the universe at the moment. You know how unpredictable pregnancy is for us. I could go into labor any day.""Or not for several more years. Luckily we only need to go to Earth since you said you left him with the humans. You might still be wanted for your actions years ago, but your present form will conceal your identity."She glanced down at her abdomen. "It will not fool the child's father."Thor frowned. "You said he was a wizard.""Yes. Earth's most powerful sorcerer."Thor snorted. "You must be mistaken. Earth doesn't have wizards."Lorelei/Loki smirked. "You have been away a long time, brother."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Female Loki (Marvel)
Pregnant Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Shapeshifter Loki (Marvel)
Angst
So much angst
wibbly wobbly timey wimey
sci-fi conundrums
Bisexual Male Character
Hurt/Comfort
Temporary Character Death
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Infinity War semi-compliant (in future chapters)
Hela is Loki's Daughter
temporary canon character death
Possibly non canon character resurrection
vague references to past torture
loki lives
Repeated Character Death and Resurrection
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Loki/Stephen Strange

