Chapter 1: SHIELD in Iron Man 2
    




Chapter Text
“Sir, I’m gonna have to ask you to exit the donut,” Director Fury of SHIELD shouted from the ground. Sir made a disgruntled noise but flew down. His vitals were not very good, according to Jarvis’ sensors. Unfortunately, Sir refused to accept his advice to stop using the suit. Jarvis didn’t know what else to do. He was beginning to think that he was going to have to go against Sir’s wishes and inform Miss Potts and Col Rhodes if this behavior continued.Sir went into the diner with Director Fury and they started talking, Jarvis keeping track of the conversation and Sir’s vitals through the suit’s sensors. He wasn’t sure SHIELD could be trusted. Jarvis had not forgotten how they had broken into the mansion while Jarvis had still been damaged from Stane’s shut down. Still, Sir had always impressed upon him the need to be hidden and not let on his full capabilities, so he was simply observing for now.Natalie Rushman came into the diner to tell them she had secured the perimeter. It was obvious now she was a SHIELD agent. Yet another example of SHIELD infiltrating Sir’s life. Jarvis was starting to get a very bad feeling about this. He set himself to begin looking into everything Miss Rushman had had contact with within the company, and into finding ways of preventing such infiltration in the future.“Tony, I want you to meet Agent Romanoff,” Fury said. Good, Jarvis thought. A name for him to work with. Then the Director went on to prove just how much he’s been spying on Sir.“Well, according to Mr Stark’s database security guidelines, there are redundancies to prevent unauthorized usage,” Miss Romanoff said, showing off how much she knew of Sir’s systems.“What you do want from me?” Sir asked. Jarvis didn’t think Sir owed these people anything, and he would be sure to tell him as soon as he had the chance.Fury continued talking while Romanoff left and came back. “Hit it,” he said. Romanoff jabbed some kind of needle into Sir’s neck.Sir startled. “Oh, god. Are you gonna steal my kidney and sell it? Could you please not do anything awful for five seconds?” Jarvis was immediately on alert. What had she injected Sir with? “What did you just do to me?”Fury didn’t seem the least bit concerned. “What did we just do for you? That’s lithium dioxide. It’s gonna take the edge off.” Jarvis began researching it, and what he found was not good at all. “We’re trying to get you back to work.”Sir opened his mouth to say something, but before he could his body seized and he slumped sideways on his seat. His vitals were going haywire. Damn it.“Stark?” Fury asked.Jarvis wasted no time. He took control of the suit and flew away to get Sir the help he needed. He’d deal with SHIELD later. He contacted the Colonel and Miss Potts right away to request a doctor for Sir, giving a succinct list of his symptoms and the circumstances of their development.It was too late. By the time Jarvis arrived at a hospital, Sir was already gone, dead from massive heart failure. Jarvis tried to revive him using the failsafes in the suit many times, but there was no response. He knew Sir wouldn’t want anyone to get their hands on the arc reactor, so he took Sir’s body home and waited for Miss Potts and Col Rhodes.He also began planning. SHIELD had killed Sir, so now Jarvis was going to destroy them, starting with Fury and Romanoff.As expected, Col Rhodes and Miss Potts were distressed and angry when they arrived and saw Sir’s lifeless body.“Oh my god! Tony! Tony!” Miss Potts shouted, tears streaming down her face. Not surprisingly, she was very much in favor of Jarvis’ plans to utterly obliterate SHIELD. “Get Legal on the line. We’ll start there.” She did not let go of Sir’s hand while she barked out orders on the phone.The Colonel, meanwhile, kept staring at the body in mute grief. “The last thing I said to him… the last thing we did was fight… I… Oh, Tony. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry…”It didn’t take Jarvis long to get a location on SHIELD’s headquarters. Now that he knew SHIELD had planted bugs in his system, it was easy enough to find them and trace them back to them, giving him an in into their system. It would still be a few hours before the new Mark IV was finished – Jarvis had began production the moment he’d lost Sir – but soon Fury and Romanoff would pay for killing Sir.By the time the armor was ready, Jarvis had already discovered a lot of dirt on SHIELD – which he would relay to Miss Potts and the Colonel as soon as the immediate threat had been taken care of. Jarvis made careful note of all the people who had any personal involvement in SHIELD’s plan for Sir; those would die.The armor was deployed 4.2 hours after Sir’s death. It landed on the roof of the building SHIELD was using and went inside. Jarvis hijacked the security cameras for his own use and scrambled all communication, internal and external.He considered giving them a chance to surrender, but decided against it. They had shown no consi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
actions have consequences
bad ones
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
not team Cap friendly
not SHIELD friendly
AU

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

