Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It had been a thousand years without his mark heating up, a thousand years of waiting and imagining. A thousand years is a long time, even to the Aesir, and the Jotuns, though no longer than expected regarding soulmarks. Some wait far longer than that. Some die still waiting. His parents, no, not his parents, just Odin and Frigga, had been aware of each other but had not sought each other out until one had lived for near three millennia and the other had seen well over two. Proximity did not guarantee a meeting, and independence, individuality, realising oneself while separate were the basis for successful coexistence once two became one.Loki had been content to wait and dream. The fantasy was more precious to him than the vague prospects of reality. Fantasy was ideal. Reality could never be. Although it was supposed to be all that and more. The soulmate that awaited him was supposed to complement his essence and make him greater than he could hope to be alone. It was said that it was impossible to not love one's soulmate once you knew them. The universe brought people together because they fit like halves making a whole.However, like Odin and Frigga before him, Loki had wanted to be great on his own first.It was therefore ironic that it was during his quest for greatness that his mark had awakened. As he'd gone to discourage the fallen Thor, landing in a Midgardian desert, Loki had felt the two golden lines that traversed the inside of his left wrist warm near imperceptibly. He'd ignored it then. It hadn't been the right time. And the thought of a Midgardian as the one connected to his essence had not been any more appealing then than it was now.He'd felt the mark again when he arrived in front of the Tesseract. It had grown almost hot when he was in Germany, only to diminish as his conquest brought him back to the United States of America. It had blazed briefly before he was brought back to Asgard in chains. His soulmate had tried to find him, had come close, but had been too late. It was just as well. He wouldn't have wanted to appear before his soulmate gagged and shackled.All of that was in the past. He'd been defeated twice, but now he had won. He had achieved greatness of his own. Odin was lost under a spell, left among the elderly on Earth, harmless and cared for. Thor had renounced the throne and was off playing hero, disinterested in the proceedings of their home. Loki was King, and he'd managed it by playing to his strengths: subtlety, subterfuge, slyness. He had achieved all he had wanted.In bringing Odin to the retirement home in New York, his mark had warmed once more, reminding him that someone was waiting for him, someone who wanted to meet him. Now was the time to find his soulmate. He had come to accept that he was connected to a mortal, accept it as much as he could. His soulmate was represented by a golden mark. It must mean something good despite the miserable planet his soulmate could be found on. Loki had also had time to think of what else having what was likely a human soulmate meant. Now might be his only chance. A Midgardian's life was short. If he wished for the completion promised by the combination of their essences, he would have to act. And if he wasn't pleased by his soulmate, he could return to Asgard and never think of it again.He used the warming of the mark as a homing beacon, travelling across the planet, choosing where to go based on the lines heating from just perceivable, to warm, to hot. Scorching was the final stage, not reached until they touched. Europe. Germany. North across the sea to England, and then to the city of London. There he waited.Standing by a small fountain in an abandoned corner of a park, shielded from the weak autumn sun by tall evergreens, the mark on the inside of his wrist grew hotter until it blazed.The gravel on the ground crunched, and someone spoke."Well. Damn."Loki turned to see who'd approached him.It was a man. He was on the taller side, his body slim, and his face narrow. He had dark hair. Ugly glasses hid green eyes. He was dressed in loose-fitting, black clothes. He had two scars on his face that stood out, one on his forehead and one on his cheekbone. The blemishes and questionable sense of fashion aside, the man was not hard on the eyes."I figured it would be you, but to actually see it and feel it." The man grabbed his own right wrist, rubbing it with his thumb. There were two lines there, perpendicular to blue veins. Both lines were gleaming like metal. Gold. Just a different shade to the lines on his own wrist. Paler. So, that was what represented him. Gold. It was fitting. The King of Asgard had a golden soulmark.The man shook his head, his eyes never leaving Loki's, and he continued to speak. "Until a few years ago, I just thought my soulmate hadn't been born or that maybe they'd already died. That would be my luck. But with my m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Ragnarok spoiliers
Crossover
Crossover Pairings

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter

