Work Text:
The air was hot, the water blissfully cool and the hung high in the sky as Tony slipped deeper into the water near the cove he’d found months ago when exploring his new property. By this point he’d long since discarded his swimming trunks in favor of slipping into the water completely naked.It caressed his sun-kissed skin and Tony floated, letting the waves lap against his body and rock him gently. He’d fallen in love with the view, similar to the Malibu house he was having built and yet completely different, and he’d needed to purchase the mansion nearby.What was the point in having that much money if he couldn’t enjoy some of it while creating and bringing his ideas to life?It was a nice vacation home and an even better place to get away from all of the obligations he didn’t want to be tied down by. The meetings, the paperwork, the board and Obie hovering over him like some cloud of doom pushing him towards more and more weapons when all Tony wanted to focus on was robotics and AIs.At least Obie didn’t come here and Tony could keep up his SI obligations remotely until he went back.His eyes closed and his body floated. It wouldn’t take long. It never took long and he always tried to show up at the same time each day since he’d first discovered him. Tony’s breathing was even and steady, his heart softly thumping, as he waited.A familiar limb, strong and thick, wrapped around his waist and started to tug him through the water. He didn’t bother to move or open his eyes and instead enjoyed the sensation of gliding through the water without much of a care.It wasn’t until the sun seemingly disappeared and he recognized the feeling in the air that he opened his eyes to look at the rock walls of the hidden cave. “Bucky.” He breathed out as strong and thick tentacles curled around him, hoisting him out of the water and holding him before the sea creature he’d found many months before.The upper body was human, a gorgeous looking human with blue-grey eyes and dark hair that touched strong shoulders, while just below Bucky’s belly button was a mess of tentacles. Far more tentacles then a typical octopus and Tony often wondered about that fact. Each tentacle was thick, long and inky black while each sucker on the underside was a pretty silver.He’d been startled and intrigued the first few times he’d seen Bucky but it had faded and Tony had found himself eagerly seeking the sea creature out. Soft exploring touches had turned to kisses, kisses to bolder touches and finally, after thinking about it and preparing, Tony had let Bucky fuck him thoroughly in the shallows.That had turned into a daily event for them.Tony had long since lost the ability to see a point in looking for an Alpha when he was more than sure an Alpha would never be able to compare to Bucky. There was no way a human Alpha would be as thick or as long as one of Bucky’s tentacles.It probably didn’t help that he’d accidentally fallen for Bucky when he’d first thought of it as an almost friends with benefits kind of thing. He’d even willingly entered into a conversation about breeding and carrying Bucky’s children even though Tony was more than sure it wasn’t possible.He liked the thought of it, imagined the pride and pleasure on Bucky’s face, even though they were two different species and Tony probably shouldn’t keep doing this. That didn’t stop him from strolling down the beach, slipping into the water and spending hours with Bucky wishing he could drag him back to his home.But his home wasn’t the ocean and Bucky was a sea creature who clearly needed water to survive. Tony needed to stop torturing himself with farfetched dreams and accept the reality of their situation.He shoved the thought away.“Miss me?” Tony grinned cheekily even as arousal started to thrum in his veins at the very thought of Bucky pressing inside and fucking him to the point of exhaustion. He was tugged forward, right into Bucky’s space, so hands could wander over his naked skin and Bucky could press his face against Tony’s neck where a necklace of shells hung after Bucky had placed it there almost two months prior.Lips pressed against his skin, separating Tony from the sharp and wicked teeth that filled Bucky’s mouth, as he sighed and relaxed in the hold of Bucky’s tentacles. “Every moment.” The words were breathed against his ocean damp skin and had Tony going completely pliant. “I always miss you, Sunshine.”Tony flushed at the term of endearment.
Why do you call me Sunshine?

Because you remind me of the Sun. Warm and bright. I could spend hours in your warmth.
While Bucky mouthed against the skin of his neck, and Tony released soft little encouraging moans, he could feel tentacles moving against his skin and one slipping to nudge against his ass.There was an annoyed hiss when Bucky found the large plug that Tony had worked in and a hand moved to pull it free causing Tony to whine at the stretch of his hole before it popped free. The plug was cast aside and Bucky’s tenta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Creature Bucky
Top Bucky Barnes
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Oviposition
Rough Sex
Restraints
Ocean Sex
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Young CEO Tony
Secret Relationship
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Unplanned Pregnancy
Breeding
Come Inflation
Butt Plugs
Protective Bucky Barnes
Size Kink
Size Difference
Bucky has tentacles
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Magic
Intrinsic Magic
Sea Creature Bucky
Coming Untouched
Mpreg
Alternate Universe
Shapeshifting
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Consensual
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

