Work Text:
You are in a cave. The sand is cold between your toes, the dusty air ash in your mouth. Your body aches, spins. You wonder where your lungs have gone; you wonder where your ribs have gone. In your arms, a car battery – blinking. A clang; the fresh light is too bright. You close your eyes as the door swings wider. Water soaks the sand around you, coating your toes: thick clumps sticking to your feet, your calves, your knees, your hand, as you clutch the battery closer to your chest with the other; spare wires sparking, staring into a tub of water, now on your knees. They say: “You will build us weapons.” You say: “No, I won’t.” You have found your lungs. They are full of water. * You find out when you are four: before you forget what hope is, before the self–doubt and the hatred and the never-quite-good-enough. You find out when you are four, a circuit board in your hand, a smile on your face. The desk is so tall, and you think, Sir hasn’t noticed me, so you reach up, up, up and lay the board across the desk, atop the maps and the pictures and the files of the Arctic and Captain America and the army. Sir frowns down at you, but you think, Look what I’ve done!, and you smile right back. “Mr. Stark, sir, look what I’ve built.” Dad, I did it for you! “Basic,” Howard responds, “that will barely function,” and he pushes it aside until it drops to the floor, Captain America’s image tumbling with it, scrawny and shirtless. He does not speak to you again. You have been dismissed. You gather your things and you go, taking the photo with you. You do not cry. Stark men are made of iron. Instead, you sit in your room, your cheeks feeling damp, a picture in your hands of a man with a mark on his chest exactly like yours. You place the image beside your bed, propped up by the circuit board. You will make it better, faster, more advanced next time. You find out, when you are four, many things: You learn that Captain America is your soulmate. You learn that you will never please your father. * The doctors say, “The symbols make sense; the science is there to explain them.” The people say, “The soulmates are real, but everything else is a question.” You say, “Fate is a sham; I will make my own destiny.” But you can’t outrun the soulmarks, no matter how you try. The death dates pile up. Your soulmate is still dead. * They make some sense, in theory, the marks that cover your body. All the same, yet all different, from those around you. On the back of your right calf and your left sit two different dates – when were you born? When will you die? Across your chest lays a symbol – who will you love? Along the bottom of your right wrist and your left are a skill and a trade – what will you accomplish? What will you do? And then everywhere, anywhere, else are the others: your story, they say, but what do they mean? You know some of them, understand some of them, question some of them. You cannot change them. You have the symbol for creation on your right wrist, a rune for war on your left. You have death on your palm, and sorrow behind your ear, and protection on your hip. You have one date on your right calf, and nine on your left. You have the Celtic symbol for strength over your heart, too, but it is a joke, a betting game of the gods. You have never felt more weak than when Yinsen dies; when the portal closes; when Ultron rules; when Captain America, shield raised, says, “He’s my soulmate, Tony.” You want to say, “I am, too.” But you don’t. You think, This is for the best, with your arc reactor smashed and your soulmate – soulmates, you realize, because if one has the other than you have them both – gone, forever. You know, This is for the best, as the cold settles into your bones and you think about being safe with them, together, all the while knowing that, really, you will never have either. Your body is stiflingly warm, locked in the clutches of the broken suit: such a contrast to the cold you felt only moments before. Vision finds you sometime later, eleven death dates on your calf, JARVIS shocking you awake with the last of the suit’s power. * You understand, when you are eight. When your Captain America socks turn black. When your Captain America posters melt into the white wall. When your Captain America picture is burned in the fire place, a passing memory of Howard’s rage. You understand, when you are eight, that Howard will always love Captain America; that Howard will never love you. You understand, when you are eight, that you will never love yourself either. You look at the small rune for empty that rests on your thumb. * Yinsen is brilliant, witty and wise. He talks, rarely, about before, when you met at a New Year’s Eve party, when you were drunk and still smarter than everyone in the room. He offers you tea and conversation and willingness; he offers you hope when he talks of seeing his family once more. He offers you your life, packaged as a car battery. There is very little to speak of in the cave. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Angst
Tony Being Tony
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
mentions of child abuse
Slight Thoughts of Suicide
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Second person POV

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

