Work Text:
"Mr. Stark! Mr. Stark! I mean... Tony? Tony are you here?"Peter knew that he probably should have asked FRIDAY on the way up in the elevator, but he'd been waaaay too excited to remember to do that. He'd also been busy trying to smooth out the letter he kept accidentally crumpling because he couldn't bear to put it away where he couldn't see it. Peter kind of thought that maybe if it left his sight it would poof and he'd realize the awesome thing that had happened to him was all a dream."Mr. Sta-- Tony! Are you home?" It was probably a stupid question, because if he were home he'd already be talking back. Sure Fri had taken him to the common floor - why Tony still called it that he wasn't real sure - but she would have told Tony he was on his way there. Tony would have met him if he was at home... so he wasn't. Peter let his shoulders slump as he stood in the middle of the open room, disappointment thick in his throat. It wasn't that he needed to tell Tony right away, it was just...Aunt May still had to work really hard, even if Peter suspected Tony had bought their building and that was why their rent had been lowered about a year back. So she wasn't home to tell, and Ned was grounded so even if he was ecstatic for Peter they couldn't hang out and celebrate. Kamala was busy too, and anyway she didn't know Spider-Man was Peter so he probably shouldn't let her see the letter with his name on it.He was getting so good at this secret identity thing.Anyway, he didn't have anyone in Queens to jump up and down with, and even if Tony would probably be all snarky and cool about it, he knew the man would be happy for him. He would indulge Peter's need to spazz, then order them a few pizzas and let Peter stay and play video games for a couple hours. Then in a few days he'd get some kind of crazy, extravagant, amazing gift that Tony would shrug off and pretend didn't mean anything. Tony was weird about showing his emotions, but he'd be happy for Peter and Peter sort of maybe needed just a little of that just then.Instead he was alone, again, with nobody to share his good news with.It sucked - it sucked a lot - but he could deal. Pretending to himself that he wasn't pouting, Peter ambled over to the TV and flopped on the floor in front of it instead of sitting on the couch. His letter was carefully set on the coffee table, and then he turned on the TV and the PS4, ready to lose himself in video games until either Tony got back or Aunt May got out of work. Tony wouldn't mind, just as long as Peter didn't try to sneak into his workshop. Again."Who are you?" The aggressive question made him yelp as he whirled around, heart in his throat and hammering hard. Flailing in a way that even a de-costumed Spider-Man should not flail, he tried to get his balance and failed, falling over onto his side. From his position on the floor, he looked up at the guy who'd spoken, feeling his own eyes go wide.It was the Winter Soldier! Well, Cap always called him Bucky, but Peter knew who he really was. And maybe he didn't have all the details (mostly because Tony had forbidden anyone from telling him) but he knew the way Tony had been hurt in Siberia was at least partly his fault. And even if he still had a cool metal arm, Peter was pretty sure he should't like the guy who'd taken part in the fight at the airport on the wrong side of things."Uhm. Hi! Hey. Hello. Uh. I'm... Peter? Yeah. Peter Parker. That's my name. I... didn't know anyone was home? Since Tony didn't say 'hi' right away when I got here he definitely isn't, because he even comes up from the workshop when I show up or he has Fri let me know that he'll be up in a little while and Fri didn't do that so he's not, though she didn't tell me that either, which she really probably should have, but it's okay she's still awesome. So yeah, I didn't know anyone else would be here? Tony didn't say anything," or he wouldn't have to Peter Parker, because even though Spider-Man knew he was definitely not Spider-Man. Shit, would the guy recognize his voice? "Uh. Hi?"Bucky - the freaking Winter Soldier!! - was staring at him with his brows drawn together, a slight frown on his lips. He really, really hoped he wasn't about to be murdered, because Aunt May would be sad and Tony would be so exasperated with him. Peter Parker could definitely not take on the Winter Soldier and live to tell the tale, but he wasn't sure Spider-Man could either, so was it really worth giving away his secret? Was it worth giving that up in the end when it wouldn't make a difference? Why wasn't Tony there to answer the question?"... do you want a cookie?""What." That wasn't even a question, because the word itself just expressed everything Peter was feeling. The Winter Soldier was offering him a frigging cookie, and he didn't even look quite so scowly anymore, and just. What. What even was his life? "Uh. I mean. What, um. What kind?""I got chocolate chip, lemon sugar cookies, peanut butter, and ginger snap." 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Friday

freeform: 
POV Peter Parker
Fluff
Peter Parker is a Genius
Peter Parker babbles
Bucky Bakes
Bucky has a Good Day
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
even if he won't admit it
How Do I Tag
Pre-Slash
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Friday

