Chapter 1





Chapter Text





The flames parted as the ship made it through the upper atmosphere. Blue sky and the hint of white clouds filled the view port. Loki frowned while he looked down at the ever closer green fields they were making for in their descent. “You're certain they'll just hand you land to claim as ours?”
“If we ask nicely enough,” Thor harassed lightly in return, joining Loki to look down onto what was apparently Norway. “Do you think Midgardians would turn away the homeless?”
“You haven't spent much time on Earth lately have you.”
“More than you have.”
A half dozen fighter jets converged on their location as their altitude decreased into flight zones. They were painted black but not emblazoned with any markings Loki recognized so he dismissed them as the local government's. Still, he harassed, “Oh look, the welcoming committee is here.”
More fighter jets arrived and circled around their ship in a defensive stance. Thor frowned at them. “Well, they haven't fired yet.”
“Yet,” Loki mocked.
“Slow our descent.” Thor turned to Valkyrie and Banner. “Can we speak with them?”
Banner furrowed his brow down at the panel in front of him. “This tech is way over Earth abilities but there should be...”
Valkyrie reached around him and punched a button. An automated voice rang out mid-sentence, “-leave immediately. Unauthorized foreign ship, your arrival is not documented. Force will be taken if you do not leave immediately. Unauthorized foreign-”
“Do not open fire! This is Thor, Son of Odin, Earth's Mightiest Avenger-” Loki snorted but Thor ignored him. “This ship harbors my people. We are refugees who seek asylum. Bruce Banner is among us. Please allow us to land.”
There was a long moment of silence, and Loki began thinking over which of the other realms would put up less of a fuss, when a familiar voice rang out in reply.
“Bruce?!” Man of Iron's voice echoed in shocked surprise.
Banner lit up. “Right here, Tony. Let us land and see for yourself.”
“Are you not excited to see me, Stark?” Thor teased.
“Fuckin' thrilled, big guy.” There was another beat of silence and then the fighter jets retreated to a less threatening distance. “Meet you there in ten, I'm in Paris. Keep everyone inside for now. I'll need a detailed list of all seeking asylum to give to the suits. How many you got?”
“Hundreds.”
Stark's voice rumbled, “Well then this should be fun.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Alternate Universe
Asgardians Make It To Earth
Tony Stark is not back with Pepper
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety
Bonding over mutual fear over Thanos
mutual understanding
graphic depictions of support and trust
Fluff and Humor
Loki holding a grudge against Strange
Interest at first sight
Smartass family in the making
Mention of torture
mama's boys
mention of family deaths
Masturbation
Frottage
Protective Tony Stark
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Oral Sex
Temperature Play
Jotun Loki Sex
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Anal Sex
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Temporary Magicless Loki
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
body issues
Scars
Angst
Fluff
Humor
Falling In Love
Developing Relationship
declarations
mention of golden apples

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

