Chapter 1: A Sudden Arrangement
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
From the tall, arching window of the library, Peter stared at the sky in awe. In all his twenty years of life, he’d never seen a dragon, nor had he expected to. Yet, there it was, flying overhead, majestic and so very out of place over such a large city. It was a small dot in the sky, so high up one could barely hear its cries.Even more fascinating was that Peter knew there was a rider atop the dragon. There was an actual person on the back of such a large beast while up that high. Peter wondered what the world looked like from up there. What did it feel like to fly?“Lord Parker!” An out of breath servant ran up to Peter, giving the barest of bows before speaking again. “The king requests your presence at once!”Of course. With the dragon in the air, it meant the barbarians from Kocrax had arrived. Most of the advisory hadn’t expected anyone from the dragon nation to survive the war, much less show up to claim their end of the bargain they had made with King Jameson. Peter could picture it so clearly — an uncultured Craxian group interrupting the festivities and the king beet red with angry annoyance.Peter grabbed his journal of notes from a nearby table and followed the servant from the room. They would need to hurry in order to not raise the king’s ire any further than it likely already was. Peter was somewhat bitter about the fact that he wasn’t already at the king’s side. He was technically part of the royal court, and thus should be in attendance at the week long festival that celebrated the end of the Forty Year War.However, Peter was seen as nothing but a burden at court. He was a landless lord who had lost his family and estate to the war when only a child. Everyone loved to inform Peter that he was a drain on the king’s hospitality, living in the royal palace as he was, with no means to pay taxes. Thus, he was given all manner of tasks that none of the other nobles wanted to take.One of which was being the advisor for the Kocrax nation. It had been unprecedented that King Jameson was able to strike a deal with them to fight in his war. The Craxians were known for never leaving the borders of their lands. That meant very little information was available and Peter had struggled to find the appropriate texts in order to learn their culture and language enough to be decent at his appointed job.His main source of information came from a book written long ago by a scholar who had lived in Kocrax for most of his life. Peter had made a vast array of personal notes for himself in his journal, but some of the Craxian traditions had stuck in Peter’s mind on their own. They were most certainly a very…  different  culture.Peter was lead to the ornate balcony that overlooked the performances happening in the expansive courtyard. All of the highest and most well off nobles had a seat, and they all sat in neat rows to either side of King Jameson’s ornate chair. Servants scurried about offering food and drink, though a few gaped at the spectacle below. Peter followed propriety and focused only on his king as he hurried forward and bowed.“Puny Parker finally joins the elite,” Duke Thompson muttered under his breath, though loud enough for others to hear. Peter ignored him.“You took your damn time, Parker!” King Jameson snapped in greeting. “Someone get him a seat! I need him to translate. These damn ruffians interrupted everything.”A servant scurried over with a stool and Peter took it, leaving him sitting far lower than everyone else and staring through the bars of the balcony’s edge at the ground below. Performers stood off to the sides and groups of people huddled close together, creating a wide berth around a group that looked very out of place among the colorful ribbons and glittering arrangements.There were five men in the group, three of them standing beside some of the biggest horses Peter had ever seen. The other two stood on either side of a horse drawn cart, their hands hovering over hidden weapons. How they had made it so far without the guards turning them away was beyond Peter.It was likely why they all had horses with them. Peter had read that Craxians used dragons for everything from travel, to labor, to battle. However, such fearsome creatures would have never been allowed inside the city. Not that the war horses looked any less intimidating, despite their current lack of armor.The men all wore brown riding pants, stained and undyed linen shirts, and thick leather vests with intricate designs pounded into them that Peter couldn’t see the details of from such a distance. A man at the front of the group took a few steps forward, holding a rolled up scroll in one hand. He was covered in gruesome looking scars with only a few patches of hair peeking through his otherwise bald head.King Jameson’s speaker stepped up and announced formal titles and inquired about their presence. Peter
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Slow Burn
Culture Shock
Arranged Marriage
castle age
Dragons
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Politics
using this to practice world building
Buckle up
Hurt/Comfort
Sexual Tension
salty!Peter
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Intercrural Sex
Mutual Masturbation
Rimming

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

