Work Text:
In Clint Barton's official SHIELD file, there is a supplemental form with a string of letters and numbers indicating a superhuman ability. On it, there are two pieces of information. The first is 'Asset-Reported Ability (unverified)'. The second is 'Combat/Field Applicable Ability Y/N'. 'N' is circled.There is a further written section that has been carefully redacted by someone with a permanent marker and a steady hand. A determined person with QD or archival skills could extract the following words from the redacted portion:
Could be genuine ability (unlikely). Could be superstitious or fraudulent claim (highly likely - asset comes from carnival folk). Could just be severely mentally unbalanced, suggest full psych work-up.
The initials below are also redacted and fairly illegible, however, careful comparison between the redacted section and handwriting from other reports and intake forms from the same era of SHIELD's archives suggest the author was Former Agent Gary Nevins, deceased.*Phil Coulson looks up when a heavy file thuds onto his desk. It's dog-eared and stained and bristling with those tiny fluorescent post-it markers like a disco porcupine.He prods it with a fingertip, flicks the manilla cardboard back.“Barton?”“He needs a steady hand, a watchful eye, and a zero-tolerance attitude to his BS. He's run through three handlers in five months.”Phil scrutinises Fury's expression. “He's on his last chance,” Phil deduces.“Last one wasn't on him, that was a screw-up from start to finish. But he's lost faith in us. Another op like Morocco, and we won't see him for the dust. And honestly, I wouldn't blame him,” Fury says. “We need him, Coulson, and I know you can keep him from running.”Phil sighs, rubs at his temple. “I'll do my best.”*Phil reads Barton's file from beginning to end, and braces himself for an uncouth, insubordinate braggart. At least two of his previous handlers have dwelt with resentment on his inflated sense of his own importance. One filed a flurry of formal complaints to discipline Barton for what he termed 'an automatic and offensive disobedience against the chain of command'. Phil doesn't put much weight on that, though, seeing as the late and unlamented Agent Nevins was well and truly responsible for Morocco going south very quickly.What he finds instead in Barton is a cool-headed tactical thinker with startling intelligence and the ability to rewrite missions on-the-fly when poor intel or shoddy planning make a mockery of groundwork. Barton's selective disobedience is an asset few handlers can tolerate without wounded pride. Phil is one of the few, which he knows Fury took into account before dumping Barton on his doorstep.The superhuman ability form with its sparse, prejudicial commentary and absolutely zero actual information piques his interest. He knows it's not Barton's phenomenal aim, which is uncanny but has been tested time and time again and failed to ping any of their testing machinery. It's not Barton's incredibly acute eyesight, which is pivotal to his accuracy but not outside the bounds of recorded human levels. It's not a precognitive ability that allows Barton to predict when things are about to go bad in a big way; that seems to be down to years of experience and a sniper's far sighted view of causality.It must be something tiny, something innocuous, something incredibly trivial for none of Barton's former handlers to even bother to document it properly, let alone find out a way to exploit it. Phil supposes he could just ask, but Barton is reserved and suspicious and one bad call away from leaving SHIELD behind all together. Phil doesn't think that they're at the point yet where he can casually bring up something Barton probably only reluctantly divulged in the first place, so he lets it slide.Barton's greetings to Phil have only just started to lose their stiffness when they get shipped out in the middle of the night to Hong Kong. It's a retrieval mission with barely a plan in place and a high body count, but their missing agent gets brought home alive. Phil gives Barton enough rein to let him shine but has backup primed at all times until the job is done, until Barton himself makes the call that they're not needed. Phil keeps his praise understated but sincere, and Barton smiles for the first time since they were introduced. The wary look leaves his eyes briefly, and there's a handful of creases around his eyes and mouth, well-worn folds that suggest that he used to smile a lot. Smiling suits him, Phil decides.A day after they get back to the States, Phil finds a sheet of copier paper folded into an envelope in his in-tray. Inside, there's a well-travelled penny, dull and smooth with time.Keep this safe is scrawled on the inside of the paper in Barton's messy hand. Phil recognises it from his mission report.Phil doesn't know why he does it, but the penny finds its way into his top drawer, to keep company with his eraser and his paper clips. He frowns a li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Magical Realism
#coulsonlives
Origins
Friendship
Gen Work
Gen or Pre-Slash
Trust
Trust Issues
Budapest
Pre-Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Pre-Series
luck
Superpowers
Minor Injuries
Temporary Character Death
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Spoilers
Minor Violence
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Money
Psychic Abilities
Deaf Clint Barton
Deaf Character
Broken Bones
Strike Team Delta
Platonic Cuddling
Non-Sexual Intimacy
Cuddling & Snuggling
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Deaf
Deaf Clint

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Phil Coulson
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

