Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony’s soul mate is fucking stupid. This idiot used the name ‘Stephen Strange’ and ‘Dr. Strange’- both of which made sense- but then the final tattoo that liked to appear sometimes was fucking ‘Sorcerer Supreme’. He decided from the moment he saw that embarrassing name he was one hundred percent never, ever going to give two shits about his dumbass soul mate. Or at least not the romantic one- Rhodey was his platonic soul mate and he loved Rhodey dearly, even if he laughed out loud when ‘War Machine’ and ‘Iron Patriot’ appeared on his skin.Once, when he and Rhodey were still kids, they talked about their tattoos and what they meant- Rhodey had been pretty confused by ‘Iron Man’ in particular but when they compared that with ‘Iron Patriot’ they figured it was something that involved them both. Why else would they both of them end up with names that have ‘iron’ in them? The others Rhodey had made sense given Tony’s profession- something Tony hadn’t ever entirely been comfortable with if he was honest- but it was ‘War Machine’ that threw them both for a loop. Rhodey hadn’t much liked the idea of being used as war propaganda, which is what he thought that was given his intention of joining the military but Tony hadn’t been so sure. When they finally got their answer to what the name meant Tony was more right than Rhodey though neither of them ever could have guessed at the truth.In the end they moved on to their other names- which had led to Rhodey meeting his soul other mate because Tony happened to have gone to boarding school with Hope van Dyne. They’d been pretty confused about the Wasp thing until Hope clued them in on the Pym particle and she’d been enthused to learn that she got ahold of her mother’s old suit at some point. In hindsight that should have told Tony something about his ‘Sorcerer Supreme’ but it hadn’t.When Rhodey found out about the Sorcerer though he had laughed, total traitor, as Tony sulked about it. They had come up with theories about that too- most of them revolving around Tony’s soul mate being some kind of weird kink person or a LARPer- but the actual explanation ends up being more boring than all of their theories.*Stephen had rolled his eyes so hard when ‘Iron Man’ flitted across his arm for the first time. Well, the first time he could read it. But the other names were interesting too- namely Tony Stark- but Merchant of Death, da Vinci of our time, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, golden avenger, and the half a dozen other names flitted over his skin had him plain confused. In the end he decided to write his soul mate off because Tony Stark was clearly some kind of freak and Stephen hadn’t wanted anything to do with him.Imagine his surprise years after he made his decision when he happened to be watching a press conference in which Tony revealed himself to be Iron Man. By then half the names Stephen saw on his skin had already been applied to Stark, but this one was the one that caught Stephen’s attention. Iron Man had been the most ridiculous, that and golden avenger, but now it had a real tangible place in the world that wasn’t wholly ridiculous. He had, for some time, toyed with the idea of trying to meet with Stark but then he got into an accident.Christine, his platonic soul mate and fellow doctor, had done her best but there was only so much she could do when he refused to listen. Stephen had always been reckless, single minded, and determined to do everything his own way and after the accident those traits combined in the worst ways. There was nothing Christine could logically do to combat his obsession with his hands and eventually she had given up hope for him. That was about the time when Stephen hit rock bottom- real rock bottom- and he had found the Sanctum with Tony Stark far from his mind.*Rhodey looks sadder than Tony has ever seen him. “At least take me with you,” he says, clinging to Tony’s wrist. He didn’t seem to be aware that he was doing that either. Hope looks shockingly calm about this whole thing- most people who had a soul mate who had another soul mate didn’t take it well. Those soul mates accounted for thirty percent of all homicides globally but neither Rhodey nor Tony were really the jealous type, at least not with each other. There was an understanding between them, something unspoken, that let them both know that they were forever dedicated to one another. Hope also seemed to understand that understanding and she left it be. Tony had to give her props for that, he wasn’t so sure he could manage.“You aren’t ready to travel,” Tony tells Rhodey, “and you need to continue your physical therapy.” He had selfishly considered bringing Rhodey with him but he had shut that down quickly. Rhodey didn’t need his shit and he needed to recover after falling in part thanks to Tony’s problems but mostly due to fucking Steve’s. Most days Tony wished Barnes didn’t exist and not just because he killed Tony’s parents.If he never e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Being Tony
BAMF Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Needs a Hug
Stephen is an ass as usual
but so is Tony
and they LEARN
Asian Stephen Strange
He from Nepal
because that makes fucking SENSE
BAMF Wong
Wong is Awesome
Angst and Humor
I Don't Even Know
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Romantic Soulmates
Platonic Soulmates
Minor James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Hope van Dyne
Slow Build
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

