Chapter 1: Monoco
    




Chapter Text
Steve knew that he was supposed to be polite and calm, the perfect employee to both Pepper Potts and Tony Stark.  That was his cover.  And being a subservient omega was the best cover in the world.  Fury had sent him on a mission and he intended to complete it.  He arrived to work every day dressed in crisp shirts and smart dress trousers; he looked the part.  He got Pepper everything she needed, and more.  But there was one problem: Tony Stark.  Steve found him annoying: his selfishness, his playboy attitude, his brazenness... everything, really.  Sure, he was clever, but Steve wasn’t sure about bringing him into the Avengers Initiative.  Yet.  Not that it was his decision, though he made a point of citing Tony's many personality defects in all of his reports.  He was tempted to argue with him directly on more than one occasion and had had to stop himself.  Last night he almost had.  They disagreed a lot on a lot of omega rights issues.  For a man living in 2010, Tony was shockingly conservative.  It was probably due to the daddy issues Steve had picked up on, his complicated relationship with Howard, who had dabbled in the omega rights "hysteria" of his time… but it was the rights themselves that the two had half-argued about, not the history.Still, Steve arrived to work on time with both Pepper and Tony’s coffees in hand.  He gave Pepper’s hers first before heading up to Tony’s office.  He sighed, steeling himself before he knocked on the office door and stepped inside.“Morning, Mr. Stark,” Steve greeted him, as professional as ever.  He figured he would act like everything was fine.  Because it was, fine, that is. Tony employed him (well, SHIELD did, but Tony didn't need to know that, yet). They didn’t have to agree on  everything .Steve set the tablet Pepper had given him down on the table.  “Your first meeting is at eleven. Your plane tonight leaves at eight PM.”“Mmm… how about you shuffle things around for me?” asked Tony, not looking up.  He reached out and pushed the tablet away with one finger.  “Eleven is really close to brunch, and I sort of hate morning meetings, so if you could go ahead and change that for me, that would be great.  Is that Americano?  I told you already, Stan.  Espresso.  Not Americano.  I like my coffee like I like my women, strong and bitter.  Go get me another one.”  He swiveled in his chair slightly, playing around on his phone.The board was going to hate him.  It was ten o’clock already and Tony knew how awful the board was to deal with at the end of the week; a last-minute delay or cancellation would send them into a frenzy.  Maybe that was why he was avoiding the meeting.  Or maybe he just wanted a little payback for yesterday. Steve frowned at the tablet and picked it up.  He stared down at the coffee like it had betrayed him and played out an internal battle that lasted for about five seconds.“...Pepper told me to get you decaf.”That got Tony’s attention.  He looked up, staring at Steve over the edge of his sunglasses with a look of incredulity.  His eyes were a little red, a result of staying up most of the night.  He smirked after a moment, before his expression became its usual smug mask.  “Doesn’t Miss Potts know I was up all night arguing with an uppity little omega about politics he knows nothing about?”  He made a “shoo” motion with his hand.  “Go get me some real coffee, Stan.  I don’t drink decaf.  Decaf coffee is like non-alcoholic beer.  Absolutely no point.”Knows nothing about?!  Ha!  If only Tony knew.  A childish part of Steve couldn’t want to see the look on his face when he found out who he really was.  He let out a long breath.    You’re not here to argue with him , Steve reminded himself.  He picked the coffee back up.  “Okay.  I’ll have it for you before your meeting.”  Steve had a half a dozen things to do for Pepper, too, and he couldn’t quite justify prioritizing a coffee run.  But in Stark Industries, Tony’s word was law.  “...and I’m not uppity,” he muttered.“It wasn’t an insult.  I think it’s kind of cute, actually,” said Tony, propping his elbow up on his desk and smirking a little wider at Steve.  He had to admit, getting under his new assistant’s skin was excellent sport.  He couldn’t quite figure out his deal, but he knew which buttons to push, and Tony was someone who couldn’t resist pushing a big, red button when it was just sitting there in front of him.  “Uppity omegas happen to be my favorite kind,” he continued.  “I like them spirited.  It’s, you know… precious.  Like when you see a dog in a sweater, you know?”  Tony picked his phone up again and went back to playing Tetris.  He had every intention of being late for his meeting and then blaming Steve, just to see what would happen.  Tony liked pushing boundaries as much as he liked pushing buttons; the best way to discover limits was to surpass them. In this sense, cars, people, and flying mech suits were surprisingly similar.“Don’t ever compare
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Edwin Jarvis/Howard Stark
Future James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Canon
Inspired by Roleplay/Roleplay Adaptation
BAMF Pepper Potts
Awesome Pepper Potts
Protective Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark Friendship
Tony Being Tony
Insecure Tony
Tony Stark Has Issues
Snarky Tony Stark
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Light Angst
Mortality
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Epic Love
Epic Battles
Action
Steve Rogers will kick your alpha ass
BAMF Phil Coulson
Iron Man 2
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Human Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Nick Fury Knows All
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Fluff and Angst
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Protective Steve Rogers
Stark Industries
Stark Expo
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Shameless Smut
Romance
Drama
Soulmates
soulbond
Pop Culture
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Angst
Stony - Freeform
Power Dynamics
Dom/sub Undertones
Heavy Angst
Angst
Slow Build
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Even if you don't like ABO usually you might like this
Soul Bond
Mating Bites

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Edwin Jarvis/Howard Stark
Future James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

