Chapter 1: Wakey Wakey
    




Chapter Text
  It was hard to describe what it was like in cryo. It wasn't like sleeping, you didn't dream, and it wasn't like blinking and discovering that in a moment everything had changed. It was more like your body, your brain, just... stopped. Like floating in a white haze where time didn't happen. It was almost like freedom. With that being said, Bucky knew that barely any time had passed even before he opened his eyes. It was practically an instinct at this point. Blinking his eyes open, he was met with the sight of the King of Wakanda and, of all people, Tony Stark. "Wha... why 'm way?" Bucky managed to get out. Stupid cryo, always dried his mouth out and made him groggy."Sargent Barnes, take your time." Was that the King speaking?"Vitals are normalising, Your Majesty. Sargent Barnes should regain his usual senses in the next five minutes." Who was that? Bucky twitched and tried to turn to face the source. Strong hands guide him to sit on a soft couch and Bucky goes willingly."Why 'm I awake? What's happening?" he rasped. Sitting, yes, much easier on his cryo-weak body. Now if he could get a glass of water..."Here." Bucky blinks and in front of him is Stark, a glass of water in his outstretched right hand. Bucky didn't miss how the other man was standing as far away as he possibly could, and the slight tremor in his left hand. Slowly, he reached out and took the glass, offering a small smile. Stark, however, didn't even make eye contact, focus just over Bucky's right shoulder as he sits on a chair opposite Bucky. The King joins them on his own chair a moment later. The water helped with his dry mouth and was cold enough to wake him up a little more. He was still in the same room that he'd gone into cryo in, the King looked the same if a little tired, and the bruising on Stark's face was gone. Three months, by his estimate. Before Bucky can ask again, the King utters a phrase in Wakandan and the small group of scientists quietly leave the room. They must have been the voices he heard earlier. "How are you feeling, Sargent Barnes?" "About the same as I usually do waking up from cryo. Much nicer here though." The King chuckled a little but Bucky's words barely got a reaction from Stark, who's still staring over his shoulder. "I am pleased to hear that. Now, in answer to your questions: you are awake because we need to speak with you." With those words, the King gestures to himself and Stark. "And as for what is happening, we have a way we think could remove Hydra's control over you." "What? I didn't think there was anything just yet... 's why I went back into cryo. How long was I gone? It didn't feel that long." "You have been asleep, or 'gone' for seven months. In that time, the International Supreme Court and United Nations have declared you innocent of the charges you were facing under Hydra's control. Mr Stark and Ms Romanov presented evidence gathered from Hydra's paper records that prove the mind control and brainwashing were sufficient to render you incapable of making your own choices. You have been declared a prisoner of war and Mr Stark and Ms Potts have run a very successful PR campaign that has garnered you much sympathy and support from the public. You will no doubt face repercussions for the damage and injury you caused in Romania and Germany, however. "Mr Stark has also very generously modified a piece of his existing technology to better suit your needs. Alongside that he, myself and some of Wakanda's best biomechanical specialists have developed you a new arm." "Oh..." Seven months? He'd been a little off in his estimate. All that had happened in such a short time. "Are you alright, Sargent Barnes?" "Yeah, just processing. It's a lot..." He wasn't going to be locked up for what Hydra made him do. Romania and Germany, yeah that made sense. He'd take any punishment for that. He made the decision to fight and run and it was his decisions that had hurt people. Fear wasn't an excuse. Stark though, he'd killed the man's parents and he'd cleared his name, helped make him a new arm and found a way to help remove Hydra from his brain. All from a man who wouldn't look at him and spoken exactly one word to him. "Take your time, Sargent Barnes." ----- Three days later, Bucky sat on the floor of the lounge that the King had graciously given them to use. 'Them' being himself and Stark. Bucky had to admit that he didn't completely trust Stark, not after what he'd heard about him from Steve and his team. The man had grown up in the lap of luxury, was volatile, self-obsessed and uncaring. He was extravagant and rude and never admitted when he'd done wrong. But he needed the man's help with B.A.R.F. and Stark seriously needed a hand renaming the dam thing. So here he was, sitting on the floor panting as he dragged his mind into the present. "That was, that was an improvement. Right? Honestly I need an indicator here ‘cause I'm getting my arse kicked by holographic Hydra a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Shuri & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fix-It of Sorts
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Rated for possible future events and Bucky's flashbacks
Slow Build
possibly the quickest slow build ever
Wakanda
not team Cap friendly
Not outright hateful but if you like Team Cap you probably won't like this
Also this is a very unbucky-like Bucky
Russian Bucky Barnes
This has like zero plot it's just these two being oblivious
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Psychiatry based loosely on author's own experiences
Depression
Science Nerd Bucky Barnes
Teeth
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Genius Shuri (Marvel)
Awesome Shuri (Marvel)
Scientist Shuri (Marvel)
Identity Issues
Abuse of Commas and Italics
On Hiatus
Long term

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Shuri & Tony Stark

