Chapter 1: Lucky James
    


Notes:


Disclaimer: If you recognise it from somewhere else, it isn't mine.



            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The bullet woke him up.The bullet was a high-calibre ballistic type. It penetrated thick ice and then bounced off the adamantium over the bridge of his nose. Had that just been bone, it would have gone right into the brain. It was enough to pull him out of his dormant state. The first thing Logan noticed, as he extracted himself from the ice, was that his memories were all back. He supposed it was down to his body being dormant for so long, so it finally could devote energy to whatever in his brain had caused the amnesia.Logan didn’t need to look very far to find who had shot him – and the four other guys. They were actually dead. The asshole seemed to be setting up for something. Logan could have pinned him and demanded answers, but he was curious. So, like the predator that was his namesake, Logan sat and waited. His healing factor starved off the freezing of his body in the sub-zero temperatures. The guy who’d shot him sat there and listened to a woman’s voicemail. The woman who’d made it was most likely dead and this was probably a revenge kick.When they finally arrived, Logan was startled to see the old Walking Flag and his Sergeant babysitter and Tony Stark in some kind of power suit. He must’ve missed a fair bit, because that was not the kid he’d occasionally seen in the media – the kid who suddenly had too much responsibility and didn’t know how to deal with it. This was a man, putting aside his differences with Rogers, which one often had to do, in order to fight some kind of threat.When they found the guy – Zemo, apparently – it was clear what had happened. This was a very elaborate trap for Rogers and Stark. Something about tearing the Avengers apart, whatever that was about. The conversation and the situation in the room made it easy for Logan to fill in a lot of the gaps.Then the video was played.Logan had heard that Howard Stark had crashed his car, killing both himself and his wife and leaving their teenaged son an orphan. That was not what happened in this video tape though. No, what Logan saw was a set-up assassination. Apparently what these fuckers had tried to do to him, they had done to the Sergeant.Logan had never been close to his parents – could barely remember them in fact. But Stark hadn’t been. In fact, he’d been a typical baseline human teenager. He had lost his parents at an age where he wasn’t ready to be on his own. Now, years later, he was learning that he had not merely lost them. They had been taken from him...by a man standing just a few feet away from him.The instant the video finished, Stark’s eyes turned to Barnes. Cap’s face was concerned, but not surprised. He’d clearly already known. Stark took a step towards Barnes. Cap grabbed his arm. ‘Tony, it wasn’t him!’ he insisted.The hell it wasn’t! Maybe he’d been brainwashed; hadn’t known what he was doing. Maybe, but it was still the hands of Sergeant James Barnes which had bashed Howard Stark’s face in and squeezed the throat of Maria Stark shut until she was dead. Diminished capacity did not absolve a man of murder.‘Did you know?’ Stark demanded, voice tight.‘I didn’t know it was him.’ The chemical change in Cap told Logan the truth. His claws pulsated under his skin, just about begging to pop and tear into that dick.Stark knew it was a lie too. ‘Don’t bullshit me, Rogers! Did you know?’‘Yes.’Stark staggered back a step. Betrayal. It was something that Logan had become acquainted with early in life. As a small boy, back when his powers first manifested, many con artists and other assorted criminals had deemed him useful and systematically betrayed him. As a billionaire, though, Stark would taste betrayal over a longer period of time. People would use him for years and years before they stabbed him in the back.That was why a man in his forties of Stark’s money and power looked so shocked – that and he’d likely been raised on the legend of Captain America and hadn’t thought this kind of thing in him.Stark jammed his eyes shut for a moment, and then he snapped. He swung his fist. The power-suit must’ve been pretty impressive. (Well, of course it was. A Stark built it.) Rogers went flying. Barnes turned his gun on Stark. Logan growled as the fight broke out. He wasn’t sure how much of his marbles Barnes still had, but fighting Stark at this moment was not the best thing to do. And Rogers’ dickhead remarks didn’t help.‘Leave him alone, Tony. He was forced to kill them.’ As if Stark was capable of calming down now when all Rogers had done was escalate the situation.‘You know I wouldn’t do this if I had another choice.’ Idiot. He had another choice. He could have told Stark in a controlled environment and this wouldn’t have happened. It wouldn’t have been news to Stark.And the best of the bunch. ‘I could do this all day.’There was a p
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Logan (X-Men) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Vision
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
random idea
Logan kicks Cap's arse
I make a lot of these
Derived from the comics
Mutants get involved in the Accords
Pro-Accords
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Logan (X-Men) & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Vision
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

