Chapter 1: Gaining Something else
    


Notes:
The characters from Harry Potter, iron man, ilvermony etc and Avengers are not my creations. The story's idea is mine.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
1979“I’m sorry Mr. Potter, but we weren’t able to save your wife,” said the doctor when she got out of the operating room. "There was a complication. The...” The next words coming out of the doctor's mouth were white noise to him as he prosessed the grave news.  

Oh, Mia. 
Harry couldn’t help but blamed himself for her death. He knew about her untimely death, yet…

There’s nothing you can do Harry. If it is my fate, then it is what it is. I’m just glad that I’ve met you and I got to have this little baby growing inside of me. It’s been a great life, you know? 
After the war and the devastating death of his two best friends, Harry couldn’t handle the pressure of being famous and alone; thus, he took the time off of England to explore the world. He always wanted to go to America, so that’s where he met his wife.Mia Antonia Russo was his first friend in America. They met under unfortunate circumstance, where she was going to jump off a bridge when he met her and saved her from making her biggest mistake.And under emotional grieve, one thing let to another, which meant they had a one night stand where an 18 year old Harry impregnated the 18 year old recently orphan girl, whom was suicidal. His intention to console a mourning girl led into both of them being young parents. Fortunately, the pregnancy led to an unexpected occasion for the both of them.Of course, when they found out about the pregnancy, Harry immediately pursued Mia to marry him. There was no way he would let Mia be a single mother at such a young age. And by marrying to him, Harry could tell Mia about the wizarding world and ensured her and their child’s life with Potter and Black inheritance.This pregnancy has helped Mia got her spirit to live back. She smiled more than before and bought many baby clothes. She read stories to her tummy at night and cooed at her big bump. The girl turned woman couldn’t be happier when the baby kicked in response.This baby brought hope of having a family of his own back to Harry. He couldn’t help but be amazed and excited at the thought of being a father. After Death claimed him as her master, he dismissed his dream of having a family. Of having a little girl or a boy who would call him Dad.Then, death whispered to him one night, that Mia was going to die if their baby was to be born. Devastated could not even be compared to what he felt that moment. It’s cruel to have to choose between the child that he loved and the wife he was hoping to have a long future with. The woman whom, not only he saved but in turn saved him from sadness and wandering aimlessly.Still, the choice was taken off of his hands the moment Mia pestered him about what’s bothering him.

I’ve just got an extended time when I met you, Harry. You and our baby save me. Now, at least when I die, I get to save you from loneliness and bring ‘Anthony’ into this world. 
His wife has been prepared to sacrifice her life when even the thought of sacrificing one life he cherished for another he loved couldn’t be processed by Harry’s mind. Mia was always the strongest of them both, even when her mental health was delicate.As the doctor brought him to see their baby, Harry was in the state of denial. The young father felt the moment his wife took her last breath because of his control over death itself; yet, he wasn’t able to grasp the fact that his friend and dear wife has left the world.The thought circling in his mind right now was what would he tell Anthony when he grew up? That his mum chose death to bring him into this world? That Harry let his mum died because he loved him more than her? That even though his da was the master of Death, he couldn’t mess with fate? That he was glad that his mum had chosen Anthony over herself? Letting her fragile mind controlled her choices?“There you are, Mr. Potter.” A nurse called him when he entered a white plain room where the hospital put the babies to rest in their tiny private boxes. She was holding a blue bundle of baby with a little tuff of black hair appearing from under it in her arms. “Here is your daddy, little boy.”His focus broke the moment the nurse hand the bundle of joy onto him. He was met with the most intelligent brown eyes in the world. The eyes that he inherited from his mum. The grieve and self-hatred was tucked into the deepest part of his mind the moment those pair of beautiful eyes looked at him curiously.

I have a feeling that you and Anthony will do great things in the future.
For the first time in his life, Harry felt in love.***Three hours later…It was…Nobody would have imagined that something soo stupid as the press could ever exist in the world.Not in a million years would Harry thought that by letting Anthony be held for a moment by a w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Harry Potter/?
Natasha Romanov/?
James "Bucky" Barnes/?
Jane Foster/Thor
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Parent Harry Potter
Father-Son Relationship
Master of Death Harry Potter
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Crossover
Good Howard
Happy Ending
Families of Choice
Harry is Tony's dad
Ilvermorny
Friendship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Widower Harry
Family Fluff
BAMF Tony Stark
Wizard Tony
Alternate Timelines
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Mention Clint family
Jasper Sitwell is Not Hydra
Romance
On a few chapters
Slow Build
Fluff
Past harry potter/Original Female Character
Only 1 chapter though
Loki's
Family Drama
Wordcount: 100.000-150.000
POV Tony Stark
POV Harry Potter
POV Howard Stark
Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Post-Doctor Strange (2016)
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
not really - Freeform
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Just the Beginning
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Magic and Science
Healer Harry Potter
Brotherly Love
Kid Wanda Maximoff
Kid Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Howard Stark Lives
Maria Stark Lives
Good Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Parent Tony Stark
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
One Big Happy Family
Kid Fic
Kid Tony Stark
Magic Tony

fandom: 
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Harry Potter/?
Natasha Romanov/?
James "Bucky" Barnes/?
Jane Foster/Thor
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter

