Work Text:

  Why did Tony trust Maria Hill after SHIELD fell? Why Maria decide to work for SI?  
Maria could understand what Fury was trying to do: cater to Rogers’ ego.The man just woke up from what was pretty much a coma of 68 years. Still at his prime and woefully lost in all possible ways. Everything and everyone he has ever known was no more. Almost seven decades and the world changed way too much, his peers were either dead or close to it while Rogers remained unchanged…oh shit, Maria has been watching too much vampire stuff. Shaking her head, the woman tried to dismiss the absurd image of a sparkling Steve Rogers in the sun.The bottom line was that she felt for him, truly.And perhaps the world needed him as well. Not for anything that Captain America was capable of physically doing but perhaps of his naïve, ‘old fashioned’ beliefs. The world had too much grey, the fact that Steve was incapable of seeing things as anything but black or white was maybe what SHIELD lacked.All that being said…this had ‘IDIOT’ written all over it with a red marker!And then, the other part of the problem…Captain America’s physical prowess was truly an asset and the one that possessed it had to feel needed too, or else it would have a waste of an enormous field potential. But at the cost of 715,854 people?Fury was risking the lives of almost a million people just so they could have a confident Captain America? Worse: Romanoff and that Wilson guy are simply going along with this insanity? What in the world is going on with these people?When she gave them those chips, Maria was thinking something more along the lines of using them remotely not on Steve and Sam? Was it? Trying and very possibly failing to plug them personally, what the hell?And all of them are acting as if it’s no big deal. Ok, maybe Maria was being uncharitable with Rogers, she could hardly expect a man still used to 40s tech to think of alternatives in stopping three heavily armed Helicarriers. But Fury and Natasha deciding that it was worth the risk? Rogers wasn’t infallible.Maria wasn’t willing to gamble with these many lives. And, she winced, perhaps this was the problem. SHIELD was so amenable to make the hard choices that they could no longer see any other kind.Well, their main objective is to ground the Helicarriers to, you know, prevent almost a million of deaths in seconds.And she just couldn’t understand why no one thought about this before.
“This is a secure line and this call is being traced, identify yourself in the next five seconds or authorities will be called.”
“It’s Deputy Director Maria Hill from SHIELD.” The woman winced. She had no idea what was her status with them. Considering everything she was surprised that the line didn’t go dead immediately, she certainly wouldn’t be shocked.
“Identity confirmed. Voice recognition is a match. Good afternoon, Ms. Hill, I am JARVIS, what can I do for you?”
“Is Dr. Stark busy?”
“No more than usual, Ms. although we are in the middle of a complaint from the Air Force about a theft, the officials have yet to reach an ID but Sir recognized one of the involved. One Natasha Romanoff breaking into military facility and stealing an SI patent, purchased by the Air National Guard…you wouldn’t know anything about this, would you, Ms. Hill?”
Her eyes widened when she realized who that new guy was. Closing her eyes, Maria indulged herself in a rare moment of cursing out loud every single generation of the involved.“I… do know something about that but not in the way you think. None of this was previously authorized by me or Director Fury. But that is not the important part right now. Doctors Banner and Stark are in grave danger!”
“From whom?”
“From us!”~*~Steve was already in transit to SHIELD’s HQ, they just had to take a detour to get his old uniform back from the Smithsonian. Sam was already geared up and Natasha was in the process of taking one of the WSC’s place. The plan was simple, while Natasha decommissioned SHIELD, made sure that it was never a secret organization ever again, Steve and Sam would go after the Helicarriers, install the program that would target themselves and the day would be over.Once there, however, they were met by Natasha that was dressed in a blue suit and being escorted inside by two guards, before Steve and Sam could do more than feel alarmed, Hill got out from the back of another car, sport and infinitely more expensive. From the driver’s seat one Tony Stark in a three piece suit and red sunglasses.Steve was seeing Tony in a way he never saw the genius before. Serious, back straight, not a hint of a smirk anywhere, his voice was hard like he was holding back a great deal of anger.“I need all SHIELD’s agents’ profiles from lab assistants, janitors and the guy that once cleaned the windows to Fury himself. Begin extraction of every personnel still in field missions, from deep undercover to the coffee guy. Freeze all accounts, lock every weapons cache and no file paper or otherwise wil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
SUPER BAMF Tony!
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
