Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Steve had a problem.
 
Though, calling it just a “problem” was being more generous than Bucky was normally. If he was being truly honest, he’d be calling it “a goddamn issue, Jesus fucking Christ, Rogers, get your shit together!”
 
But, unfortunately for them both, Bucky also had a “problem.” One that made it much harder to deal with Steve’s problem.
 
Like nearly every “problem” they’ve ever run into, this one originated with Steve, so that’s where we’ll start.
 
----xxxx----
 
Steve and Bucky had technically, 

officially

, started dating on a winter day when they were twelve. They had been lounging together on the couch, Steve sitting with his back against the arm rest so that his legs were on Bucky’s lap because it was warmer that way and Bucky had an arm resting on the back of Steve’s neck because Steve’s hair was always kind of soft and he liked messing with it absentmindedly.
 
Bucky’s younger sister Rebecca had wandered into the room and glanced at them on her way to grab a book off the dining room table. 
 
“You guys realize you’re dating right?”
 
Their heads had swiveled over to her with twin looks of blushing, horrified realization. And when they looked at it other in confusion for confirmation and saw their own expression staring right back? Well, their faces only got redder.
 
“I 

told

 you they didn’t know!” Rebecca called out as she made her way back out of the room, to be greet with a cacophony of shouted “What!”s, “Seriously?”s, and “How do you 

not

 figure that out?” from the rest of Bucky’s sisters.
 
It was hard to feel the thankfulness towards the girls for that (deeply needed) push to finally get them together under the crushing weight of the many “fuck you”s they’d felt at all the teasing that they got for that.
 
----xxxx----
 
The actual problem started a couple years later. 
 
Puberty had hit Steve like a truck, changing him from an asthmatic, wiry, short kid into a teenager that looked like he should be the star player on several different teams. 
 
And that garnered attention.
 
It was once again winter, though this time Steve was fourteen. Bucky had left for his part time job while Steve had stayed late with the art club. So he was stuck trying to get home on a way too crowded subway during rush hour.
 
He probably should have left earlier.
 
Regardless, he was already there, right?
 
Steve was pressed up against one of the poles, too many people crowded around him to even lean away enough to stop it from pressing against his breastbone. He was spacing out, mentally will the subway to move faster, when he felt it.
 
A brush against his ass.
 
But that was probably nothing. There were bodies pressed all over him, after all. 
 
But then it happened again. And he could distinctly feel something...solid rubbing up against his asscheek. He tried to tell himself that the dude probably had a gun or a weird cell phone but then there were hands clutching his hips and bringing him back to rub his ass up and down on what was clearly an erection.
 
Steve bit his lip, silently panicking. What should he even do at a time like this? The rattling of the subway was too loud for him to tell this guy off without shouting, causing a scene he 

did not

 want to deal with. And there wasn’t even enough room for him to use his arms to shove back against this guy.
 
So he prepared himself to just deal with it. He’d let this guy get off on his ass and then just go on with his day. 
 
No big deal, right?
 
Steve closed his eyes tightly, forcing himself to breathe deeply and carefully as he was forced to grind his ass against that fat cock. There was a brief pause where, for a moment, Steve thought the guy might have finished, but then that cock was back again, rubbing even harder. It took all of ten seconds for him to realize that the guy had pulled his cock out of his pants and was rubbing the bare member against him, leaking precum onto his pants. 
 
But of course he molester couldn’t stop there. Steve really shouldn’t have been surprised to find him pants being yanked down. Or to have a hand suddenly coming up to cover his mouth while another gripped that precum slicked cock and started to force it inside him.
 
Steve choked on his breath as he was penetrated, his tight hole being forced to accommodate a grown man’s cock, much longer and thicker than the teenage cock he’d gotten used to taking. 
 
Despite knowing full well that there was nowhere for him to get away to, Steve wiggled as much as he was able to at least 

try

. He had no idea that all he was accomplishing was to make that cock’s journey all the more pleasurable. It seemed to take forever for the man’s cock to finally bury itself balls deep inside of him, the man resting flush against Steve’s back.
 
And then he started thrusting. The thrusts were shallow, thanks to the lack of room, but no less fast or hard. It became very clear very quickly that Steve’s body was nothing more than a breathing masturbato
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Everyone
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Teen Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Come Inflation
Forced Pregnancy
Mentions of Abortion
Chikan
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Slut Shaming
Sexual Harassment
Swallowing urine
Under-Desk Blow Jobs
Rough Sex
Gangbang
Prostitution
(technically) - Freeform
Futanari
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Sleep Sex
Age Difference
Extremely Underage
Childbirth

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Everyone
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

