Work Text:
 It was the quiet moments that Tony most appreciated. The moments when the rest of the team were asleep, or out, or too busy or too tired to bother going up to the penthouse or arrange their frustratingly frequent team bonding exercises. The moments when Tony was able to simply lounge with the one person he was free to just be with, someone who just got him, to not have to pretend to be something different than what he was.They had always been simple, as impossible as that may seem. It might have appeared insane from the outside, and perhaps it was, but to them they were simply Tony and Loki, and they had one of the oldest stories in the book. They started off enemies, then one went to the other for help in a dire situation. Favours were exchanged and ‘just business’ transformed into friendly visits, which quickly turned into something so much deeper, and so much more.And it all accumulated to one quiet moment where Loki had casually wondered how the Avengers would react to their relationship– but Tony knew Loki well enough by that point to recognise that the god wasn’t being casual in the slightest.“I’m not going to hide this,” said Tony, holding his hand to Loki’s cheek and looking deep into those wary green eyes. “I’ve never cared what anyone thought of me beyond the image that I cultivated, not even those that are close, and I’m not about to hide the best thing that has ever happened to me just because it might make a few people uncomfortable. And maybe it’s horribly cliché, but the only person who could stop me from screaming this from the heavens is you.”Loki let out a soft chuckle that was filled with emotion. “Sometimes there are moments when I doubt even my ability to stop you.”“Aww.” The fondness in Tony’s voice was real despite his teasing grin. “I think that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me.”Loki would never do something so uncouth as snort, but his reluctantly amused expression still conveyed the sentiment. He didn’t move away though, so Tony counted it as a win.“Can I take this as you agreeing with me, then?” he asked, just to be sure.“Anthony,” Loki sighed, though he seemed pleased by Tony’s earlier speech, a shadow lifted from his eyes. “What you do or do not tell your teammates is up to you. It matters little to me.”“Liar.” Tony smiled softly as Loki twitched in annoyance. “Tell me. Really.”There was a beat where Tony didn’t think he would get an answer. Loki’s eyes were wide and overly bright, and there was a certain vulnerability hiding in those green depths that Tony rarely saw. The openness remained as Loki lifted his own hand to cover Tony’s where it still rested on Loki’s cheek. The added contact seemed to steady him a little, and despite the softness of tone, Loki’s words were sure.“In my experience, good things don’t last long. What I have only stays so long as I’m willing to fight for it. And this?” Loki’s eyes flickered down to where his free hand was curling in Tony’s shirt, and then glanced back up to meet Tony’s gaze quickly, even surer than before. “I want to fight for this. For us. And I don’t feel like I can do that from the shadows.”Tony held Loki’s gaze, and shifted his own spare hand so he was cradling Loki’s face between both palms.“You know,” he said, moving in closer so there was only a hair’s breadth separating them, “Fighting from the shadows was never my style. I’ve always been more of a spotlight and flashy suit kind of guy.”Loki tilted his head down and closed the distance, their lips pressing together in something sweet and careful, so unlike how they started. Tony wasn’t aware of moving consciously but soon his hands were in Loki’s hair and he could feel fingers pressing into the back of his neck, and he sighed into the kiss with complete and utter contentment.“I suppose there’s only one thing left do then,” Tony whispered, his lips still brushing against Loki’s with his reluctance to move away.“But not yet,” Loki corrected, the glint in his eye giving away his intentions a half second before he surged forward again, this time aiming lower. Tony moaned as Loki licked and sucked and bit with anything but sweetness, and he tilted his head to allow the god better access.“Not yet,” he agreed wholeheartedly, though he didn’t even try to keep his voice steady. “But soon. I promise.” 
  one  
When Tony walked into the kitchen on the common floor at seven thirty one Sunday morning and stated that he had something to announce, Steve was instantly wary. For starters, the engineer usually avoided the common kitchen due to Steve’s attempts to force him to eat anything other than a liquid breakfast. Secondly, Tony looked far too awake for his usual at that time in the morning unless he had been working for at least a solid two hours beforehand. And finally—Well, honestly, it was just weird.The occurrence was so strange, in fact, that Bruce turned off the stove and thus risked ruining the giant omelette he was in the middle of crafting - something he had no
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Secret Relationship
where the fact that it is a secret is a secret
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Fluff
5+1 Things
the Avengers are not particularly observant
Misunderstandings
Declarations Of Love
POV Outsider
POV Multiple
Fluffy Ending

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

