Chapter 1: Taking a Trip
    




Chapter Text
“Hey tall, dark and emo when's your brother supposed to get back home from El Dorado?” Tony asks entering the common floor in avengers tower where the avengers are gathered in the kitchen eating breakfast. Loki and Bucky their probie members sitting further away from the others.“I believe he should be back by tonight, if he has not found a maiden to entertain or there is no feast to honor him, that is,” Loki says sounding a little bitter. “Awww, is Rudolph jealous?” Tony asks pouring some scotch into his coffee.“Why are you interested in Thor, Stark?” Loki asks sipping his tea, the Avengers had banned him from drinking coffee after the discovery of what it does to the God's magic...there are still Thor sized dents in the walls from it.“He promised to bring me some Asgardian technology to play with,” Tony says.“Remember the last time humans experimented with technology not from Earth?” Loki says.“Except I didn't ask for weapons, I asked for medical tech,” Tony says.“Most medical tech as you put it, is magic based. Even Earth sorcerers would have trouble understanding and using it, let alone a man who belongs purely to the world of science,” Loki says.“That's where you come in Elsa. I'll need you to explain anything I don't understand,” Tony says. Loki opens his mouth to deliver a snapping retort but he's interrupted by Thor arriving on the roof.“Great the oaf is back,” Loki mutters. The Avengers wait and Thor bursts into the kitchen.“Friends, Father has asked you come to Asgard for a feast in our honor,” Thor says.“whoa slow down Pointbreak, Your father wants us to go to Asgard,” Tony asks.“Yes Man of Iron,” Thor says.“What about probationary members?” Steve asks looking at Bucky across the table.“Mother wishes to meet all of you. I believe she wishes to meet those who are responsible for the safety of her sons,” Thor says.“Protective mothers always want to meet the people their kids are hanging around,” Clint says.“I assume that might be Odin's aim as well, to make sure that you are warriors worthy to be held in Asgard’s highest esteem,” Loki mutters.“So Reindeer Games, can we trust you not to try and steal the throne while we're there?” Tony asks and Loki looks at him oddly.“Stark, I am not going. I was not invited,” Loki says as if explaining something to a child.“Brother, you do not know that. Father would not invite everyone else and not you,” Thor says.“Odin has no reason to want me there Thor. Why would he want a Frost Giant anywhere near Asgard?” Loki asks.“Look Elsa, you don't really have much choice. I doubt any of us are going to give up a chance to go to Asgard to babysit you down here, so you're coming with,” Tony says.“Besides everytime I visit, Mother asks about you. Seeing you will do her good,” Thor says and Loki glares at him.“See, now you have to go. Don't want to disappoint your mother,” Tony says smuggly.“Very well. I would like to see Mother again,” Loki says standing. “When do we leave?” Tony asks looking at Thor.“As soon as you are ready for the journey,” Thor says.“Ummm, what is appropriate clothing for Asgard?” Steve asks.“Yeah something tells me that jeans and t-shirts wouldn't be appreciated,” Bruce says.“You are correct Banner, but I believe you should be able to get away with wearing Midgardian garb for your arrival and either your uniforms or Asgardian formal wear for the feast,” Thor says.“Wear are we supposed to get Asgardian garb for the feast?” Bruce asks knowing that Clint, Natasha, Cap and Bucky can use their uniforms slash suits, but that he, Tony and Sam would have to find suits.“Well, Loki could always alter some of his own and my own clothes until you could have Asgardian clothing made for you,” Thor says.“No I will not. If they want Asgardian armor they can wait for the tanners and leathersmiths to make them,” Loki says leaving the common area and into his room.“What crawled up his ass and didn't die?” Clint asks. “As children Loki would beg our father for armor. Most children receive armor by the time they can walk, I did, father refused to give him armor until he was well into his teenage years. It caused a lot of teasing, from my friends and I,” Thor says.“What you're saying is, Loki is very attached to the armor that he does have,” Sam says.“Exactly, I thought he had out grown such childish behavior,” Thor says.“Well let's forget it. I'm sure the Asgardians will find Midgardian clothes and customs interesting,” Tony says and they leave to pack for their trip.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX“Okay Point Break, we're ready to go,” Tony says as he and the other Avengers arrive on the roof Loki standing to the back of the group.“Gather around friends and I will call for Heimdall,” Thor says and they come in close and suddenly they're engulfed in the light of the bifrost.“Welcome home Prince Thor,” Heimdall says bowing to Thor and not looking at Loki.“C’mon let's go. I want to see Asgard!” Tony says excitedly and the others rush 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Natasha Romanov/Sif
Bruce Banner/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Avengers Family
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Frigga (Marvel) Lives
Parent Frigga (Marvel)
Avenger Bucky Barnes
Avenger Sam Wilson
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Loki (Marvel)'s Kids
Everyone Has Issues
BAMF Frigga (Marvel)
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Parent Volstagg (Marvel)
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Parent Tony Stark
sorta - Freeform
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Protective Bruce Banner
They like Loki
They do not like Odin
Post-Thor: The Dark World

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Natasha Romanov/Sif
Bruce Banner/Sam Wilson

