Work Text:
Soulmate bonds were prized. It was a blessing to receive your soulmate’s name. It was an event that was anticipated and then celebrated with excitement by loved ones. Soulmates were considered a fated match between two souls; two pieces coming together to form one. The bond signified two people who were designed for each other.Anthony Edward Stark had lived with two impossible names written by different hands on his body since he was five.
James Buchanan Barnes

Thor
One was the name of a dead man, long gone and lost decades before Tony was even born. The other was impossible in that it was a single name representing a Norse God: a mere myth that couldn’t possibly be real. It seemed as though Tony had been cursed with a mockery of the whole beloved soulmate experience.He had been given a triad soulmate bond, an abnormal connection in a world that practically glorified the bond of two souls bound together in a perfect match, to two impossibilities that he should have never been able to find.Tony had guarded his names obsessively the way a dragon guarded its hoard from anyone who might threaten it. He’d never expected to find one of them let alone both. His curse had turned into a beautiful, perfect blessing.Lips moved along the line of his spine, reverent and loving, as he arched and whined low in his throat. He could feel strong hands gripping his hips, holding him in place where he straddled Thor, while Bucky’s fingers twisted inside of him and sent pleasure leaping along his nerves.“Fuck!” he arched and pushed into Bucky’s touch while Thor’s fingers sparked at his hips sending zips of light chasing after his pleasure. It was too much sensation and at the same time it was never enough.“One more finger, Doll.” Bucky’s voice was full of wicked amusement and practically dripping with his undeniable arousal Tony could feel echoing back at him in heady waves. Tony’s mouth fell open on a gasping whine when another finger was worked inside along the other three. He clenched down on reflex all the while panting and wanting more more more.It made sense that he’d be given two soulmates instead of one because on a good day he felt near insatiable with the magic from Idun twining through his body, now rooted in his very soul, and somehow gifting him with a hunger he’d never imagined on his most indulgent of days.He could feel it calling out along the bond that stretched between the three of them. Thor was a storm, a tempest full of bright and flashing light, while Bucky, an unsurprising contrast, was a cool night sitting near a bonfire.“Please. Fuck, please, Bucky please.” His voice went high and breathy, hanging right there on the tempting edge of orgasm, while everything in him screamed with the desperation of someone kept balancing on the brink for too long.The fingers fucking him loose and open kept working. They pumped, twisted and spread while Tony’s breathing turned ragged. Tony watched lightning dance in Thor’s gorgeous eyes, listened to the rolling storm building outside, and wordlessly begged his soulmate for relief.He wouldn’t get it unless the cage on his cock, the one with a sound nestled inside of him, was removed.“There we go.” Bucky breathed and pressed another kiss against his spine. Tony felt thick fingers pull free to leave him empty and aching before they moved down to lift him up. Bucky guided him down until the thick head of Thor’s cock rested against his stretched hole.It pushed past his rim and inch by inch started to sink inside. Tony’s muscles trembled, his mouth fell open and his cheeks flushed darkly in pleasure as a particularly loud crack of thunder seemed to shake the windows.He almost sobbed when every inch of Thor was spreading him wide and leaving him achingly full. Tony didn’t protest as Thor pulled him down so their chests were flush together and warm, as Thor moved so that hungry lips captured Tony’s in an absolutely filthy kiss that Tony let himself get lost in.Underneath him Thor lazily fucked up into his ass, holding him in place and kissing him within an inch of his life, while Bucky made lewd comments about how good he looked spread open on Thor’s thick cock. Tony whined against Thor and then moaned when Thor nailed his prostate causing him to clench down.They broke for air and Tony found himself shoving his face against Thor, hands gripping for anything to anchor himself with, as Thor rapidly fucked up into him. He shuddered and jerked, violently wishing for release, while hands went down to grip his ass and spread his cheeks wide for Bucky’s heated gaze to see where Thor disappeared into him.Tony felt completely exposed. He always felt exposed with his soulmates. Seconds later Thor’s hard and fast thrusts slowed to a lazy kind of fucking that tapered off into stillness. If it wasn’t for the feeling of Bucky’s lube wet finger tracing his taut hole and carefully working inside Tony might have snarled at Thor for stopping.He realized their intent immediately. His mind
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor

freeform: 
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Thor (Marvel)
Top Bucky Barnes
Threesome
Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soul Bond
Fingering
Teasing
Orgasm Delay
Cock Cages
Sounding
Double Penetration
Size Kink
Apples of Idunn
Rough Sex
Barebacking
Established Relationship
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Shameless Smut
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor

