Chapter 1





Chapter Text
His knees are aching – and other body parts too – but he doesn’t let up. Doesn’t dare to. He’s far too familiar with the consequences of laziness, so he trudges on, inch by inch, scrubbing the hard marble tiles beneath him until they shine from his efforts. The dull pain in his wrists from the repetitive motions are still there even after all this time, but it’s more in the background now, easier to ignore. He’s learnt that there are far worse pains to be had; the minor discomfort in his knees and hands is nothing. Or should be nothing.
 
Sitting back on his haunches, he dips the dirty brush into the bucket next to him to rinse it out. The water is murky, too full of floating, swirling grime for him to see the bottom. He wipes a hand across his forehead to remove the annoying sweaty strands that stubbornly insist on clinging to it. But he shouldn’t be bothered by such a tiny inconvenience, because at least it means that he still has his hair. Unlike the Aesir, the Vanir don’t shave the heads of their slaves. They don’t need to. The clothing, posture, and general demeanour of slaves in Vanaheim are more than enough to visually set them apart from free men.
 
Still, he had expected the head-shave as his sentence was finalized; even if a shorn scalp carries no special connotations here in regards to a person’s status, surely they were all aware of the private humiliation someone of Asgard, and a former prince no less, would have suffered at such treatment. But they had left well alone, whether because no one could be bothered or because they saw it as more subtle but potent form of humiliation – we don’t even acknowledge your way of seeing things, it only matters how we, your masters, see them – he can’t tell. But it’s one of the very few, of the almost non-existent number of things he’s grateful for these days. Well, apart from being let out of the dark Vanir dungeons, those damp and bone-chillingly cold cells, and away from the lengthy tortures he was forced to endure in that place.
 
The tortures that broke you, a sinister voice whispers inside of him.
 
No, not broke, he inwardly shouts back at the voice, but it only cackles at him before going silent, retreating to the corner of his mind it has made its own, from where it will resurface time and again to mock him. He loathes that voice with his entire being.
 
He shudders at the memories that have been stirred up, chilling him despite the relative warmth of the draft coming from the courtyard. It is no use of thinking of that now, better to focus on the here and now and fulfilling the task at hand. Better to focus on what will avoid further pain.
 
His eyes have not left the filthy contents of the bucket, he realizes, still staring into the water as if it held all the secrets of the universe. Perhaps he should go empty the bucket and return with some clean water. If nothing else, at least his knees will thank him for the short respite.
 
Ignoring the twinge in his back, he makes to stand up but quickly falls back into his previous hunched-over, humble position as he hears footsteps and accompanying voices come floating from around the corner. Swiftly, he grabs the bristly brush and continues to scrub at the tiles, eyes down, hoping that whoever is coming will pass him by.
 
No such luck.
 
The sharp clacking of heels against stone abruptly come to a halt, close enough to his face for the pointy ends of a couple of leather boots to be visible at the edge of his circle of vision, despite his downcast eyes. For a moment there is only silence, as he holds his breath in anxious anticipation of what is coming.
 
“Well, what have we here.” The voice from above is laced with scorn, and he recognises it as belonging to Lord Veidar, the arrogant courtier with the foppishly curly hair and mouth far too wide for his narrow face.
 
“Filth scrubbing filth. How appropriate.” He doesn’t recognise that particular voice, but it’s every bit at disdainful as that of Lord Veidar.
 
One of the boots withdraws from his field of vision and he steels himself for the anticipated pain. But the cracked leather doesn’t connect with his ribs as expected, but instead with the bucket next to him. It topples over from the impact, soaking him with cold, dirty water. Having spilt its inglorious contents all over him the bucket nosily rolls around on the ground a couple of times, before coming to a pathetic halt next to the wall where it proceeds to gape emptily. Drippingly wet, he closes his eyes, willing his tormentors to go away and leave him alone.
 
“Oh my, how clumsy of me!” Lord Veidar exclaims with fake consternation, and his companion laughs heartily as if this was the most brilliant and creative display of humour imaginable. As if this particular form of mockery isn’t something that Loki has already suffered what feels like a hundred times already.
 
He swallows down the anger that is rising in his throat. The anger that is only dangerous to himself nowa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slavery
Slave Loki (Marvel)
master Tony
Past Torture
Humiliation
Power Dynamics
Temporary Muteness
Whipping
Non-Sexual Submission
Kneeling
Angst
This Is Not Easy For Tony Either
Some hurt/comfort
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark

