Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
As the days tick by—though days are a strange thing in space with no suns to rise or set—Loki notices that the quarters he shares with Thor are getting a tad cluttered.There are several vials that Loki has found on board, personal necessities that begin to line the glass-topped vanity in the corner of the room. Hair tonic, perfumed oils, varnish for fingernails, creams that combat dry skin. (Dry skin is a serious problem; an environment of recycled air is murder on one's complexion.) Besides these things, Loki owns several sets of leathers and silks that he'd seen fit to bring along before leaving Sakaar. Also a few different helms, bracers, capes, and boots. It's a paltry collection compared to the one Loki used to own but so few Asgardians escaped the destruction with more than the tunics on their backs that Loki's wardrobe now constitutes, he's certain, the largest of anyone aboard. It spills from the tiny armoire that's built into the hull, glimmering trinkets and jeweled rings scattering whenever some elusive item hides itself in the very back.(There is one possession that does not take up any noticeable space: a glowing blue cube stashed in a secret compartment in the wall, sealed with invisible runes drawn from Loki's seidr.)And then there's Thor's bric-a-brac, sitting in haphazard piles on every available surface and the floor. Computer tablets and parchments and schematics that threaten to send Loki's few things tumbling from the glass-topped vanity to the carpet. They never learned to clean up after themselves, is the problem. A lifetime of servants means the knowledge of how to make a bed is lost on them."I don't see the point anyway," Thor says with furrowed brow while they survey the jumble of blankets and pillows they've managed to cobble together. It doesn't look at all like the neat beds they enjoyed in their youth. "We're just going to undo it when we go to sleep tonight." His eye cuts to Loki at the word sleep as if daring him to substitute another.Loki doesn't take the bait, only agrees that it is silly, and so they give up on bedmaking. They make feeble attempts at tidying but fail at that too. Loki knows the theory behind keeping a clean boudoir: a place for everything, and the will to put there. But it seems so trivial with all he and Thor must attend to, and so he doesn't use his precious time for these mundane tasks. The quarters become cluttered with no real sign of resolving into order. Their clothing and boots tangle together in the armoire, the detritus of their lives sifted irreconcilably in the little room. It grates on Loki's nerves at first, for he considers himself too refined for such an existence, but after several weeks of hard, tedious work aboard the ship (passenger lists to be made and sorted; food and water stores to be evaluated; vital tasks like healing to be assigned) Loki finds himself entering their quarters at the end of a day and crawling into the messy nest they share, surrounded by sheets that smell of the two of them mingled, and he is very pleased with it. Silently, self-indulgently pleased.He is on his way to that very bed, in fact, when he hears hushed voices up ahead in the dark of the corridor. The twists and turns of their new home often make one think there is privacy when actually none exists. Loki slows to listen to the whispers of two common folk, an old man and an even older woman. "—not right, I should think, keeping him about. A dangerous creature," says the thin, high voice of the woman. "Like a wild animal."The man grunts in agreement. "And now with his hooks in the King? Whispering in his ear? It's only a matter of time, that's what I say." Loki takes a moment to adjust the fall of his tunic—though it is impeccable already—before striding around the corner, sweeping by the two whisperers, allowing the hem of his cloak to brush them as he passes. They gasp at his sudden appearance, murmuring Lord Advisor and My Prince as they bow with overdone deference. Loki does not even spare them a glance."Good evening, kind people," he says, and moves on. They are right to be afraid, he thinks as he uses the palm of his hand to unlock the door to his room. He would certainly be if he were in their position. And anyway, it doesn't matter what doddering old folk say in the shadows to each other. Their opinion isn't worth the spittle it takes to form their bits of gossip. Still, when he's finally inside his quarters, a deep tiredness overtakes him, and Loki decides that's as good a reason as any to retreat into his little nest.This is where Thor finds him, bootless and with his cloak half shrugged off, wrapped in their bed linens. Loki rouses himself from his thoughts as the door slides open and Thor steps in, looking just as exhausted as Loki feels. His brother, his King, shares with him a knowing look before going to their cluttered vanity and pouring them bo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Canon
Genderfluid Character
Face-Fucking
Sibling Incest
Shapeshifting
Space Opera
Face-Sitting
Anal Fingering
Fake Marriage
Consensual Somnophilia
Sleep Sex
Gender Issues
Meddling Kids
Family Feels
Weddings
Coming Out
Angst
Public Display of Affection
Aliens Made Them Do It
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Wet & Messy
Temporary Character Death
Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

