Chapter 1: keep the city safe
    




Chapter Text

 Memo 2914 

 From: Thaddeus Ross, Secretary of State 

 To: NYPD 

 Subject: Sokovia Accords Enforcement 

 It has come to my attention that New York City police have been negligent in their enforcement of the internationally adopted Sokovia Accords. As I’m sure you’re aware, New York City police officers and related personnel are required to enforce international laws in addition to city, state, and federal laws. The vigilante known as the Spider Man has violated principles II-IX of the Sokovia Accords (attached below) and is therefore found in contempt of international law. New York City police are hereby ordered to arrest the Spider Man and detain it in secure custody until an international task force can make a final ruling on the consequences for the Spider Man’s actions. 


The Avengers will no longer be a private organization and will operate under the supervision of the United Nations.


Any enhanced individuals who agree to sign must register with the United Nations and provide biometric data such as fingerprints and DNA samples.


Those with innate powers must submit to a power analysis, which will categorize their threat level and determine potential health risks.


Any enhanced individuals who do not sign will not be allowed to participate in any national or international conflict nor may participate in missions undertaken by the Avengers, S.H.I.E.L.D., or any other intelligence organization.


Enhanced individuals, including members of the Avengers and S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, will no longer have the authorization to cross international boundaries at any time they wish.


They must be given clearance by either a nation's government or the United Nations subcommittee before taking any action in that country, either on their own or as a part of an organization.


If an enhanced individual takes unauthorized action or obstructs the actions of those acting in accordance with the Accords, they will be arrested.


Enhanced individuals who break the law, violate the Accords or are otherwise deemed to be a threat to the general public may be detained indefinitely without trial.


All enhanced individuals with innate powers who agree to sign the Accords must wear tracking bracelets at all times.


The creation of any and all artificial intelligence is strictly prohibited.

 Note: For the purposes of the Accords, an "enhanced individual" is defined as any person, human or otherwise, with superhuman capabilities. This includes individuals whose powers are an innate function of their biology as well as individuals who utilize highly advanced technology to grant themselves superhuman capabilities. 

 Signed, 
 Thaddeus Ross 
 Secretary of State   
  “I’m sorry—yes—yes, I know—yes—you’re right, sir, I—yes.” Captain Lopez twirled the phone’s cord around her finger again, then unwound it. “As I’ve said before, sir, I’m deeply sorry. My unit will be severely disciplined for their actions. We will not let the Spider Man escape again. Yes, I—yes. Yes, of course. Sir. I look forward to speaking with you again, once we catch it. ”Captain Lopez hung up the phone, leaned her elbows on her desk, and steepled her fingers beneath her chin. “I don’t know how much longer I can keep holding the Chief of Department off,” she said at last. “Ross is leaning on him hard to catch Spider-Man.”“However long it takes,” Sergeant Ali said, leaning back in his chair. “I’m not going to be the one who turns Spider-Man in.”“Me neither, but—you willing to lose your job over it? To let the entire squad lose their badges?”Sergeant Ali shrugged. “We’re here to keep the city safe, aren’t we?”“Yeah,” Captain Lopez sighed. “Yeah, we are.”  
  “We finished analyzing the blood today, sir. Yes, we—yes. We ran all of the tests you asked for, and—”Dr. Marshall sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, waiting for Ross to finish his tirade. “Yes, sir,” he said at last. “We’ve been working on synthesizing a serum. However, we ran into a problem—I’m sure it’s a small problem, no big deal—yes—yes, sir, of course we’re capable of creating a serum. It’s just that—yes. Yes, I appreciate your confidence in myself and my lab. I simply felt that I should—yes—yes, sir.”One of the lab techs at the other end of the table was currently poking the results in his petri dish with a glass wand while the other giggled. Dr. Marshall snapped his fingers. The lab techs hurriedly resumed working, heads down, mouths shut.“The problem we ran into, sir, is that the DNA in the sample is not—no, of course the sample is viable for experimentation, sir, absolutely. You’ll have your army in no time. I merely wanted to inform you that the DNA in the sample was not entirely human—no, of course there were no contaminants. We sequenced the DNA itself and found that it’s only 99.4% human. So—well, yes, that’s a very high percentage, but—I know that 99 rounds up to 100, sir—no—no, of course not, sir, I meant no disrespect. My apologies
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Sam Wilson Feels
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
Defiance
Imprisonment
Captivity
Gunshot Wounds
Surgery
Recovery
Avengers Feels
Whump
Deaf Clint Barton
Civil War Team Please-Talk-To-Each-Other-Instead-Of-Fighting
Sokovia Accords
Families of Choice
Podfic Available

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

