Chapter 1: The History Test
    




Chapter Text
Peter flopped from his desk chair onto the floor, burying his face in a dirty shirt before realizing how disgusting it smelled and rolling away from it.“You appear to be in mild distress, Mr. Parker. Should I call Mr. Stark?”Peter flailed. “No! No, I’m fine. Thanks though, JARVIS.”“Is it accurate to presume that the primary stressor is your history test tomorrow?”Peter lifted his head and looked suspiciously at the ceiling. “How did you know?”“Contrived from your emotional state, I have calculated that the chance of your test being tomorrow is high, and that it is exceptionally likely your test is for your history class, based on the available content.”“... Available content?”“The papers on your desk cover material on the second World War, Mr. Parker.”Peter sighed. “I’m screwed. I can’t remember any of the dates or the names of the battles or the leaders and there’s too many countries… I should’ve paid attention in class, but I was tired… I didn’t get enough sleep. What even is sleep? I should be fine. I just have to remember stuff. Why are there so many countries in the war?”“It is a World War, sir.”











Peter buried his face in his arms. “Urgh.”“Peter?”Peter sat bolt upright to find Steve in his doorway. “H- Wh- What’re you doing here?”“JARVIS said you needed help,” Steve said, looking a mix of worried and bemused. “Are you okay? Why are you on the floor?”“Are you kidding me? Not cool, JARVIS! I’m fine!” Peter crossed his arms indignantly.“There is a high probability that my actions will lead to an improved outcome, based on Mr. Rogers’s knowledge of World War II and your unwillingness to ask for help,” JARVIS told him. Peter watched as Steve ambled over to his desk, scanning through the papers. Peter’s eye twitched a little, and he glared at the ceiling.“I can help with this stuff. What are you having trouble with?” Steve asked, stepping forward and offering Peter a hand. Peter chewed on his lip before ceding with an exhale and letting Steve help him up.“I get the basics, I just can’t keep track of the dates. And who started what, where, and why.”“Alright,” Steve said. “Is memorizing things usually difficult for you?”“No!” said Peter, slightly frustrated. “It just won’t stick. I don’t know why.”Steve put a hand to Peter’s forehead, and Peter jumped.“What’re you doing?”“Making sure you’re not sick,” Steve said lightly. “That can make memorization difficult.”“I’m not sick.” Peter sounded a bit defensive. He stepped forward and started shuffling through his papers.“Have you slept enough?”“I’m fine, Steve. I just need to pass the damn test.” Peter rubbed his forehead. “Sorry, I’m sorry. That was rude.”“Don’t worry about it.” Steve reached out and gripped his shoulder, steering him towards his bed. Peter didn’t register the fact that he’d moved until he found himself lying down; Steve was pulling blankets over him. “What- Steve, I have to study!” Peter tried to get up, only to be pushed back down by Steve. “To study, you need to be well-rested. Take a nap, eat dinner, then I’ll help you study.”“But-”“I’ll sit on you,” Steve threatened, looking half-serious. “Sleep, Peter.”Peter yawned in spite of himself, then frowned. “That wouldn’t stop me, y’know.”Steve raised his eyebrows. “I’m pretty heavy.”“I lifted part of a building.”Steve’s face went hard and soft at the same time. He didn’t reply, just tucked the blankets under Peter’s chin and straightened up, an unreadable expression on his face through Peter’s droopy eyes. He headed for the door, and Peter’s eyes fell shut. He was asleep before Steve had left the room.----“Peter. Wake up, kid.” Tony’s voice was uncharacteristically gentle as Peter blinked himself into a state of relative consciousness. “Huh?” He sat up, scrubbing at his eyes. “Wha’ time is it?”“Six thirty. Time for dinner. You feeling alright?”“Feeling- yeah! I feel fine.” Peter scrambled to his feet, nearly tripping over his blankets. He straightened his rumpled clothes and ran his fingers through his hair. “What’s for dinner?”“Grilled cheese. The fancy kind that Barnes makes.”“Mm. I’m starving.” Peter made for the door, but Tony grabbed the back of his shirt.“You’re sure you’re okay?”“I’m fine,” Peter said, slightly confused. “I’m not sick or anything, I was just a little tired.”Tony released him. “Alright, kid. Let’s get you fed.”They headed out to the elevator; almost everyone was already in the dining room when they arrived. “There’s the baby,” Clint said, messing with Peter’s hair as he sat down.“I’m not a baby,” Peter grumbled, but it held no heat. He piled grilled cheese sandwiches onto his plate and dug in, his mouth bulging with huge bites. “God, theth are delithiouth.”“Confirm,” said Natasha, and her eyes twinkled as Bucky glared at her.“You’re the worst,” he muttered.“Confirm,” Clint said. Bucky huffed and took a bite of his sandwich. “Thankth for the grilled cheethe,” said Peter, his mouth stuffed. A hint of amusement flashed ac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Fluff
a bit of angst
Exhaustion
Superfamily
Homework
Parent-Teacher Conferences
Could potentially be helpful to people who take Spanish?
Yay verbs
Anxiety
mild panic attack
Group Projects Suck
Essays and Projects oh my!
JARVIS is a pal
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov

