Work Text:
They chose New York this time.
It’s been Steve’s favorite for a long time, from before humans started dreaming bigger, brighter, and built their cities in glass aiming for the stars. Spring is just on its starting foot, and Central Park is saturated with the colors it brings: the fresh green of grass bursting through the ground, coaxed out by sunshine; the sky so clear it looks like a painting; the cacophony of birdsong that would be annoying in any other season.
"You're going to give me hay fever one of these centuries," Bucky says, dark sunglasses on his face as he sits wrapped in a black leather jacket that looks old and new at the same time.
"You keep saying that, but I won't believe it until I hear a sniff," Steve says, not bothering to open his eyes. The sun is warm on his skin, and he feels the energy of it flowing through his veins.
They sit in silence for long minutes, Bucky glaring at a bird that flies too close to his face, and Steve breathing in the air. Under the bench, a snowdrop breaks through the ground and lifts its head towards Steve, like its only dream is to get closer to him. Bucky knows the feeling.  His hand moves to rest on the back of the bench, fingers barely ghosting over the skin on Steve's neck.
Steve's eyes open as soon as he feels the touch, and he turns to look at Bucky. Bucky's hand is cold, and Steve's smile is warm and he says, "Just six months. Just like always."
"It feels longer. Just like always," Bucky says. His forefinger moves in a pattern on Steve's throat, touch burning in the best kind of way. Steve leans into the touch, and all around them the grass dances in the warm summer breeze.
"I miss you already," Bucky says, voice soft but Steve can feel the shake (of the ground, of the air, of the core of the Earth) underneath it.
"I do too," Steve answers and grabs Bucky's hand, intertwines their fingers together. He lets the heat soaring through his veins warm Bucky's skin. "But I'll be back before you know it, just as I have for ages."
Bucky stares down at their hands, and takes a deep breath. When he moves closer, Steve meets him halfway, and the kiss is a goodbye, of sorts. Steve's mouth tastes like sweet fruit, a taste Bucky wants more of, but he forces himself to move away and look at Steve over the rim of his glasses.
"When you come back, leave the goddamn lilac up here. The smell reeks," he says, smirks, but his voice is hard.
"I'll come back," is all Steve says. Bucky's eyes burn red and black, like lava cracking through scorched ground, but Steve is there, warm and real and close, so he smiles back truthfully this time.
"I mean it about the lilac, jerk."
Around them, the world shakes, tiny and almost imperceptible.
*
It all starts with a legend. That is to say, with a truth and a lie.
There is a Lord of the Underworld, and the juice of pomegranates. Someone gets stolen and someone steals. The rest is what happens when the seeds of truth grow, and twist, and turn like vines through time.
There is a Hades, and there is a Persephone. They’re just not the ones you’d expect.
*
They steal their names when they walk the Earth, and no one notices. Steve loves the way the sound rolls off of Bucky’s lips, the way it hisses through his teeth when he calls for him, when he moans his name. They steal their names because even Gods become just stories. Even Gods get lost to humanity.
“Bucky, huh?”
Steve shrugs, but there’s a smile on his lips. “It sounds like you,” he says. Bucky hums, and moves closer, leaves crackling under his feet.
“You’ll steal everything from these mortals one day. Might even end up one yourself,” Bucky says, tries and fails to keep his tone light. His hands find Steve’s hips, and his breathing slows as he stares up at Steve. 
“I wouldn’t mind. I’d still end up with you in the end, wouldn’t I?” Steve says, and Bucky closes his eyes and nods. He keeps the name and Steve keeps his, and centuries later they don’t even remember the time when it was different.
*
When Bucky first sees Steve, it’s not suppose to happen, but the Fates have a wicked sense of humor when they spin and unravel the threads of life. The humans wage wars and Bucky shouldn’t be there, not yet anyways, but he is. The air smells of smoke and blood, and figures only he can see walk over the Earth one last time, silver shapes fading into the sunset.
It’s the flowers that catch his eye first, deep purple irises opening their faces on soil they shouldn’t be able to live on. Bucky runs the tips of his fingers over the velvet-like petals, stares as more and more of them bloom in waves and cover the Earth. Their presence feels like hope, not something Bucky expected to find. It makes him smile.
When he looks up, he finally notices the lone figure in the middle of the field of purple that’s staring at him. Bucky’s breath catches in his throat under Steve’s examining gaze, and when Steve starts walking towards him the flowers lean out of his way to make room. Bucky can’t help but think
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
AU
Hades and Persephone
except gayer

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

