Work Text:
The thing about Tony Stark is this: he's a puzzle.
Steve's always considered himself an easy-going kind of guy. Sure, sometimes he'll get into moods -- doesn't everyone? -- and he knows he's got a temper, but he forgives easily, too, so he likes to think maybe it all balances out. He tries to think the best of people, especially new acquaintances, to give them the benefit of the doubt. He's met people he's disliked. Of course he has. But usually he tries to move on, and anyway, it doesn't happen much. He's Captain America. People like him. He likes people.
So it's more than a little strange when, two days into the future, when everything is so new, so unfamiliar, when Tony Stark holds out his hand and smiles wide and says, "Welcome to Avengers Mansion--"
And this, out of everything, in a future where he's just seen an alien turn people into statues with a ray gun, is what makes alarm bells go off in Steve's head.
You're hiding something, he thinks.
The Avengers aren't a problem. Steve understands superheroes. He understands teams. He worked with the Invaders, after all. He can already tell the Avengers are going to be something special -- Iron Man especially. They've had three missions, and Steve and Iron Man are already pairing up on the battlefield like they've been partnered for years and not a handful of months. Steve's not-so-hidden romantic streak wants to call it fate -- Iron Man welcomed him to the future, Iron Man spoke to him first, and maybe that was when it happened. Maybe this was meant to be.
So, no, the Avengers aren't the problem at all.
Tony is the problem.
It's not as though Steve has never met rich men. But if he's honest with himself, it is a bit of a hurdle. He was born with nothing, and Tony has everything -- and he knows it's not Tony's fault that he's rich, but at the same time he wonders if Tony is even grateful for all the things he has. They've asked Tony why he funds the team; he's always been evasive. So it's hardly noble of Steve, but... yeah, Steve is a little resentful.
And, good lord, the things they say about him in the gossip columns. Steve knows that half of what they print isn't true, but half alone would have had a man in scandal for months back in his day. He knows the future is different; he knows people are more... casual... now. And he knows Tony is a grown man -- and a handsome one, at that -- and whatever he does in bed is his own business as long as it makes everyone happy. It's not Steve's place to disapprove, but it still makes his stomach turn to think of someone just... using all these women and moving on to the next. Isn't Tony capable of love?
But maybe this is just what rich men are like.
Before now, he's never lived with a rich man, anyway. Maybe that makes a difference. Maybe this would never have bothered him if somehow he'd spent the thirties shacked up with a Rockefeller. But he didn't, and it's a lot to get over.
And Tony is... a very odd man. He keeps wildly varying hours. When Steve does see him, he's often running from one appointment to the next. He doesn't seem to have time for much of anything, like he needs twice as many hours in the day. He doesn't touch people, which is both bizarre and hurtful, considering that he must be all over those gals in the papers. 
But every time Steve has tried to clap him on the shoulder, to do anything more than just shake his hand, Tony rebuffs him with honest-to-God terror in his eyes. Somehow a different girl every week is good enough for him, and Steve isn't. Is he afraid Steve's going to try something? Usually people assume that Captain America could only ever be straight. It seems profoundly unfair that the one time someone might finally have him pegged is because they're not interested. And yet... that's not exactly the feeling Steve gets from him. He doesn't seem afraid at all.
Tony's so aloof. It doesn't make sense.
And somehow, Tony wants to be Steve's friend.
But the absolute strangest thing about Tony is this: sometimes, it's like he thinks he already is.
It's 0300 and Steve's in the kitchen staring at his mug of warm milk and wondering if it's worth even trying to sleep when he'll have to get up in three hours anyway.
There are footsteps in the hall.
"Hi, Cap," Tony says.
His voice is soft, weary, roughened with exhaustion, and when Steve turns around he sees the man to match the voice, leaning against the doorframe like nothing else could hold him up. Tony's half-smiling, a small, fond smile. His shirtsleeves are rolled up, his hair is mussed, and he has a smudge of grease under one eye.
Something about him now seems real. The Tony who met him in the future, who shook his hand and smiled like he was smiling for the cameras -- that man instantly becomes a lie. Steve doesn't know how, or why, but he knows that this is the truth.
What he doesn't know is why Tony is letting him see it.
They're not friends.
Tony doesn't call him Cap. The Avengers call him Cap. Iron Man calls him Cap.
"Uh," Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Angst
Pining
Not A Fix-It
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Canon-Typical Violence
Unhappy Ending
Demon in a Bottle (Marvel)
Armor Wars (Marvel)
Operation Galactic Storm (Marvel)
Avengers: Red Zone
Execute Program (Marvel)
Civil War (Marvel)
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)
Avengers Vol. 3 (1998)
New Avengers Vol. 1 (2004)
Community: cap_ironman
Cap_Ironman Holiday Gift Exchange 2017

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

