Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
            Wade:   YEAH SONNNNNN             Peter:   daddy             Wade:   what the fuck             Peter:   you called me son and I panicked Peter stared down at his cellphone, biting his fingernail as he waited for Wade's reply.He didn't know where that had come from; they were just talking about video games a minute ago, how the hell had Peter managed to sidetrack the conversation in such a colossal way? And since Wade was taking his sweet time instead of answering, Peter was already planning how to flee the country and change his name to something that'd guarantee he would never see the guy again.Finally, when he was sure Wade had burned his phone and kicked him out of his life forever, a new speech bubble appeared on his screen.            Wade:   soooooo.. . that's something you're into             Peter:   I AM NOT He immediately answered, shaking his head frantically until he remembered Wade couldn't see him. His hands trembled slightly as he lowered the cellphone down on the mattress. He heard the buzz announcing he'd gotten a few texts, one after the other, and that only spiked his anxiety. Deciding it was better to face whatever the other man threw his way, he picked up the device again.        Wade: YOU HAVE A DADDY KINK
       Wade: OH EM GEE PETER PARKER HAS A DADDY KINK
        Wade: IT'S LIKE A DREAM!!
        Wade: am I dreaming? don't wake me up       Peter:    More like a nightmare, actually Peter shot back, trying to ignore the blush on his cheeks.       Wade:    you're not denying it tho   
       Wade:    hey! i can be your daddy!   
       Wade:    wanna be my good baby boy, darling?   
       Wade:   i’ll give you a lollipop to suck on ;) ;) ;) Peter made a face, more surprised of himself and the sudden rush of arousal invading his belly than of Wade’s boldness and frankly disturbing texts. So maybe he did have a little bit of a daddy kink, and maybe he really, really liked when Wade called him ‘baby boy’.  His baby boy. God, he wasn't getting hard over this... Besides, he was sure there was an unwritten rule somewhere that said he should not be making sexual advances on one of his best friends. How did that had happened, Peter didn’t know.Peter had met Wade on campus two years ago. Peter was majoring in Biochemistry whereas Wade... well, he seemed to simply enjoy hanging around the installations; it wasn't until they were already friends that Peter found out Wade wasn't even a student. Johnny, a mutual friend of them, had introduced them one afternoon and Wade had taken as his personal quest to charm Peter.He "casually" bumped into Peter every day and offered to walk him home every other friday; at first, Peter thought he was annoying and kinda creepy, but ultimately had to admit he liked his unusual sense of humor and hung out with him more willingly. They had fun together —even if Peter never admitted it aloud—, and, somehow along the way, he’d started to care about himThis, however, they had never done before.Wade liked to tease Peter non stop, that was true. Always talking about his ass and doing grabby hands when he was sure Peter was watching and could stop him, but those were only jokes. They always laughed after and went on with their day, even in those days when Peter flirted back to make Wade trip over his steps; it was easy and funny, and it didn't compromise them to anything: they were friends, just bros being bros.Admittedly, he wasn't like that with Harry, even thought he knew him since they were kids, but that was another thing altogether. Harry was painfully straight and Peter attributed to that the awkward smile he had on his face every time Peter made a joke about swinging both ways. So, yeah, he only joked like that with Wade, but that didn’t mean he… he actually  wanted to fuck his friend.Wait, what was he thinking? Sexting didn't even count as actually having sex, right? Why was he overreacting so much?! It was a game, he could play a game. Fuck it, he was so gonna play this game.       Peter:   I want to be good, daddy        Wade:   holy shit Peter smirked, pleased to see he’d gotten a reaction from the other man. He got more comfortable on the bed, pushing  his laptop aside; all of a sudden, the conversation he was having with Wade seemed way more interesting than the movie he'd been watching. He tapped the tip of his finger against his lips, thinking of what to write next. He finally settled for something racy as he shrugged his shoulders: it was all or nothing if he wanted to win.       Peter:    Where do you want me, daddy?  
       Peter:    Writhing helplessly under your body? Or on my knees between your legs? Wade didn't answer right away and Peter felt a little nervous. Maybe he'd overstepped and Wade wasn't really on the joke anymore. They had never crossed that line, maybe he’d been way too bold. Then another text came in to settle down his doubt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
failed daddy kink
Best Friends
Friends to Lovers
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Sexting
Phone Sex
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Not Canon Compliant
Not Beta Read
Blow Jobs
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Platonic Sex
Kinda

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

