Chapter 1: The Knife
    




Chapter Text




Chapter 1: The Knife





A motel outside Phoenix Deer Valley Airport,
Arizona

The headboard of the bed banged a steady rhythm against the thin wall. There were already dents in the plaster, and as if triggered by the crescendo of moans, one of the cheap picture frames dropped from the wall, crashing to the floor.

“Fuck, yes,” Tony hissed, legs shifting on his partner’s shoulders, squeezing his neck in a clear sign that he was close. “Fuck me like you mean it, Cap,” came the sharp order, and like he’d done for most of his life, Steve Rogers did as he was told.

His hips moved at the pace of the breaths forced out of Tony’s lungs, seeking his own release, leaving the other man moaning and twisting because their position didn’t allow him to touch his hard cock – something Tony had just discovered if his fingernails leaving half-moons on Steve’s hips were any indication.

 “Come on,” Tony encouraged, his voice breaking down around a groan, his back arching.

One of Steve’s arms curled beneath Tony’s body and lifted him slightly, and his angle deepened just a fraction.

Tony’s next groan was on the thin barrier between pain and pleasure, fingernails breaking skin.

Steve bit his teeth into Tony’s shoulder and came with a sharp rush of release, growling his pleasure into the other man’s skin like an animal diving in for the kill. It was good, tingling all the way up his spine and pulling at his gut before shooting out of his balls and through his cock, the sensation like nothing else. It was easy to see how men got addicted to it, walking through life with their hands wrapped around their dicks, looking for the next chance to get off.

Tony moaned and whimpered, sounding breathless.

Steve drove one last thrust into him, feeling the slickness of his cum, and then pulled back, knowing that the position was making it hard for Tony to breathe. Sure enough, he looked a little red in the face, breathing in a big gulp of air as his hand shot away from Steve’s hip and to his cock the second he could fit it in there.

 “Yeah,” Steve growled, leaning in to watch after he released Tony’s legs from his shoulders. Tony’s chest was hot where he laid his forehead, eyes tracking the motion of his hand, smelling how close he was.

Tony grunted and came, hips twitching, body quivering even with Steve’s weight on it. His cum shot out of his cock like a bullet from the barrel of a gun, a splash of it hitting Steve’s chin.

Like always, Tony settled fast once he had come, lying boneless on the bed, a blissed out expression on his face. Steve sat up, wiping a hand across the mess on his face – sucked one finger in his mouth to taste.

Tony chuckled. “I love it when you do that.”

 “Hmm,” Steve hummed and got up.

 “Where are you going?” Tony asked, hand reaching for him and failing to catch him.

 “Bathroom,” Steve replied. “I have to get ready.” He didn’t need to look at the clock to tell the time.

Tony sighed dramatically, but there was a note of true discontentment in the sound. “I have a counter-proposition,” he said.

Steve halted near the doorway of the bathroom, looking back at him; naked and sweaty he lay there on the bed, hair disheveled, the usually neat goatee showing the signs of their recent lovemaking. Steve could still feel the lingering burn it had caused on certain areas of his body – a reminder that would vanish all too fast due to the effects of the serum. The image, however, would last, and he drank his fill, knowing it could be a while before he had this again.

 “I say you don’t get on that plane you’re supposed to be boarding soon,” Tony went on as if Steve’s lack of progress was a sign he wanted to hear his proposition. “You can stay here, with me,” he spoke, shifting one leg, dragging it along the messy sheets.

 “I have a mission to get to,” Steve replied.

Tony looked at his face, meeting his eyes. “You know you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, right?”

Steve nodded slowly, then walked back to the bed and bent over, kissing the corner of Tony’s lips, feeling the beard, tasting the sweat. “I don’t know if that’s so… A few minutes ago you were telling me exactly what to do,” he murmured into his skin.

Tony chuckled. “Such sass. That’s why I love you.” He stretched and settled again, not showing surprise when Steve pulled back and headed again in the direction of the bathroom.

As Steve entered the painfully unnatural light of the tiny room, he looked at himself in the mirror. The marks of lips, teeth and nails were vanishing, leaving only the old, faded scars and cybernetic implants scattered across his skin, covering damages that the serum had been too slow to heal at the time. The right side of his face, as always, bore an ugly hand-shaped burn mark that was too resilient to heal, showing bone in places.

He could still recall the searing pain of the grip of the hand pressing desperately into his skin, the smell of flesh burning… It had been the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Reality
Rape/Non-con Elements
Kidnapping
Canon-Typical Violence
Extremis Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

