Chapter 1: Poor Phil
    




Chapter Text
Agent Phil Coulson was not a happy man. First, one of his best agents was compromised, then he was sent to collect one of the most annoying men on Earth-Tony Stark- for the Avengers Initiative. But that wasn’t the problem. No, Phil’s problem was the ex-HYDRA assassin the man had married. James Barnes, AKA the Winter Soldier, was going to give him a massive headache, Phil could already tell. Barnes would never agree to stay at their house while his husband went off on a potentially deadly mission for a government agency neither of them trusted. Not only that but there was also the issue of Captain America. The Captain had no idea his best friend was still alive and kicking, much less married to Iron Man.
The agent walked up to the massive door of the fancy mansion in Malibu, but they must have seen him coming because before he could even raise his hand to knock the door swung open, revealing the assassin he so dreaded talking to. 
“What do you want?” Barnes bit out.
 Coulson barely suppressed a wince at the frosty tone and murderous glare.
“I need to speak with Stark. It’s urgent,” he said.
Barnes stared at him for a moment longer, then slammed the door shut. Phil stood there for a moment, flabbergasted. Ok then, they don’t want to talk, he thought. As he turned round to leave, the door behind him swung open once again, this time revealing the person he had originally come to talk to.
“What?” So Stark wasn’t in a talking mood right now either.
“I need to speak with you. May I come in?”
The door opened wider and Tony stepped aside to let him in. Once inside, Phil noticed Barnes lounging on a couch in the main room, looking relaxed, but Phil knew better, and he knew that was only a facade. As he walked further into the house with Tony behind him, he stopped when he felt something squish unnaturally under his foot. He lifted his foot and saw a small Iron Man teddy bear lying on the floor.
He shot a questioning glance at Stark, but he provided no explanation. Coulson decided to file that info away for later and investigate when he actually had time. 
He stood awkwardly in the middle of the room, faced with the occupants of the house staring him down. Tony’s foot started to tap impatiently, and Barnes’ expression was getting more and more murderous by the second. 
“I’m here to speak with you about the Avengers Initiative,” he started. Tony sighed and rolled his eyes, and Barnes looked indifferent. Phil held out the tablet he had been carrying, and Tony threw his hands up out of the way of the tablet.
“I don’t like to be handed things,” he said.
Barnes stepped forwards and took the tablet from Phil’s hand, never making a sound. He then handed the tablet to Tony, then stood back with his arms crossed, back to glaring at Phil. 
Tony turned the device on and swiped at it, flinging holograms into the air. Information about each candidate was displayed in its own hologram. Both Barnes and Stark flinched in surprise when they cames across Steve’s file, though Barnes was better at hiding it. 
“We only need Tony for this project,-” the two started to protest, but Phil held up a hand for silence. 
“We only need Tony for this project, but I know you won’t go unless you both go, so we’d be willing to let James come but he must remain out of sight unless there’s no other choice. Captain Rogers doesn’t know that you’re alive as of now, and we’d like to keep it that way so he will remain focused on the mission. I’m sure you can find out where we’ll be if you decide you’re in, but you need to make that decision soon. We’re talking about a global catastrophe.” He finished his proposition, and hoped it was enough, because now the choice was theirs. 
“Thank you for your time Mr. Stark, Mr. Barnes, I’ll be going now. You know where to find us.”
With that, he turned around and left the house, leaving Stark and Barnes to their thoughts. Now, where did he leave his Captain America cards?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Kid Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Angst
Light Angst
POV Tony Stark
POV Bucky Barnes
POV Third Person

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

