Chapter 1





Chapter Text

It was morning; a Sunday, maybe. JARVIS had yet to wake him, so he probably didn't have any meetings he was late for, and his chest didn't hurt for the first time in a very long while. His head did feel pretty sore, but it was the sort of ‘sore’ which just reminded you what a great night you’d had the night before. As long as he stayed here, in this space, everything was okay. Even the soreness in his head felt muffled, as if it was happening from far away. Or -

Wait. 
"This is a dream,” Tony murmured, blinking in the morning light, warm and heavy with sleep. His mouth felt - odd. Numb.  His body still had the pleasant lassitude of sleep, his limbs only slowly starting to come back to awareness. His fingers twitched as he woke up a little more, turning his head towards the daylight streaming in from the large windows. He tried to stretch, and found that his  right arm was trapped under a heavy, warm body. Something - someone - was insistently pressed against his bladder, a steady pressured that was just the wrong side of pleasurable.There were fingers carding through his hair, large and capable and familiar.  “I'm still asleep.”
The chest under his shifted slightly as his bed partner stirred. “It’s early,” Steve said sleepily, and pressed his lips against Tony’s temple. “Go back to sleep.”
“Mmmm.” That did sound appealing. The fingers in his hair resumed their slow caress, and Tony felt his eyelids start to close again, his body slipping easily back into its relaxed state. He was so comfortable, he could probably drop off in a couple of minutes. But - “didn't you try to wake me?”  He forced his eyes open. He was sure that somebody -
“No, sweetheart,” Steve said into Tony’s hair, his words sleep-slurred. “Let's stay here forever. Don't want to wake up.”

“...me neither.” If Steve wasn't insisting they get up, surely a lie-in would be okay. Nobody was looking for him; JARVIS would have woken him otherwise. No, he could stay here. He could stay like this forever. “Let's just stay in bed, then.” As long as JARVIS didn't - 

Wait, that was wrong. What was wrong with that thought? His fuzzy brain couldn't figure it out. 

“Sure thing,” Steve said drowsily. He stretched, his joints popping, and resettled his arms around Tony. 

His lips pressed against the shell of Tony’s ear, and despite himself, Tony shivered, his train of thought derailed. Steve was so deliciously heavy around him, his skin warm and smooth under Tony's fingers. “Or we could…” 
Steve smiled, his eyes closed. He tucked his face against Tony's neck. “Boss? You have a call,” he said, and yawned. 
“...what?”
“Boss,” Steve said, more insistently,  twisting on the sheets and smiling up at Tony. His voice was a bit higher-pitched than was normal. “Boss.”“Boss.”"Boss, you have an urgent call, you need to wake up."“Enough, FRIDAY; I'm up, Jesus fucking Christ.” Tony groaned, a hand over his eyes. His head felt like someone had taken a sledgehammer to it. Christ, he could do with a drink.He took the hand away and blinked in the soft glow of the artificial light. The curtains weren't open; it must still be dark outside. What time was it? "FRIDAY, it's the middle of the night; who the hell is calling me?" FRIDAY wouldn't put anyone through unless they rated as important enough for her to skip the automated voicemail... or unless they had managed to convince her that what they had to say couldn't wait. There was an almost imperceptible pause before FRIDAY answered. “His majesty, King T’Challa, is on the line for you, boss. He apologises for the late hour. He says it's urgent.”Tony finally managed to focus his eyes on his watch. 04:07 blinked at him. Oh, fuck his life. He’d finally managed to drop off to sleep a grand total of two hours ago. And it had been a good dream, too; someone had been hugging him, and he’d been just about to -Fuck. “Gimme a minute.”He staggered out of bed, pulling on a pair of black slacks and a grey cashmere sweater before heading into the bathroom. The illuminated mirror greeted him with a bruised-looking reflection that was perhaps not unexpected, given that he'd had a grand total of seven hours' sleep in two days.  He grimaced and ran the cold tap until it was icy, splashing some water on his face. He looked like a raccoon, for fuck's sake. Did he have time to tidy himself up a little, try to cover up some of the bags under his eyes? Probably not, if T'Challa was calling him urgently. He dragged a comb through his hair and called it quits. At least he looked reasonably alert.Oh, well. It was 4am. Even royalty couldn’t expect you to be perfectly coiffed in the middle of the night with 30 seconds’ notice. It would do. He planted himself in front of his tablet and managed an approximation of his usual ‘investors’ stance - shoulders back, limbs loose, big smile - before tapping the ‘accept call’ button. ("Always take important calls on your feet, Tony," Obie had used to say, back when Tony had been learnin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Age Regression/De-Aging
Hurt Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Fix-It of Sorts
Reconciliation
Slow Burn
Magic
background James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson - Freeform
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Hurt James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Mental Health Issues
Post-Black Panther (2018)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Sam Wilson
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

