Chapter 1





Chapter Text
         
 
          Harry moved forward, glancing down occasionally at the oddly folded map in his delicate hands, the golden-rimmed glasses perched on the bridge of his nose flashing from time to time in the light he was carrying. He absentmindedly tucked a stray lock of hair that had escaped its long, confining braid back behind his ear as he looked around, using the enchantments on the glasses that he no longer used or needed as a vision corrector to confirm his location in the miles of underground tunnels that he had been transversing since early in the morning.
　
　
          He had an idea he wanted to try out on this job after he read an article back in his quarters about how undermined the city of New York was, and in fact most of the developed world, with all of the various basements, subway tunnels, utility pipes, and sewage and water pipes and aqueducts. If he was correct with his theory, Gringott's had a possible security breech just waiting to happen in several locations around the world.
 
　
          Of course, that was what they paid him for, after all.
 
　
          After the war, Harry had started on the path in life that everyone expected him to. He had joined the Aurors with Ron after getting his eyesight fixed as well as gotten back together with Ginny, but not without a lot of unvoiced doubts nagging at him. Doubts that grew daily with every bit of training he did and all of the times that he just couldn't bring himself to be intimate with his girlfriend. It had come to a head when he had been assigned to a mentor and taken along on a few patrols and calls: those doubts became fully fledged realizations on that day.
 
　
          He didn't want to spend the rest of his life learning offensive spells and hunting down evil-wannabes or abusive arseholes or raiding hardworking people that others had a grudge against for whatever reason and called in false information. He had had quite enough of dealing with that during the first seven years of his return to the wizarding world as Lord Voldemort and his merry minions kept popping up during his schooling, and that completely left out the fact that the last dark Lord had come after him personally when he was only an infant, leaving him orphaned and left to the care of people who shouldn't have been allowed to care for a gerbil, let alone a child. Decision made, Harry quit the Aurors at the end of that very day, not waiting to even clear out his locker before he headed straight home to where his other bit of doubt about his life's path was probably waiting for him after her hard Quidditch practice.
 
　
          He and Ginny had quickly gotten back together when the aftermath of the last battle at Hogwarts had started to settle, but the spark that had been there before when they dated, just didn't return. Harry supposed he liked her well enough: she was pretty, smart, athletic, and he loved her family and got along great with them. But, and there was a big but, he tended to think of her as more of a sister, and a little one at that. He had also noticed himself checking out some of the guys he was working alongside of and enjoying the view. Those two bits of thinking lingering in the back of his mind were probably why they had never done more then snog with a bit of heavy petting. It just didn't feel right to do more. Just, every once and a while, he would feel a frisson of something burst within him when he looked at her and it was just like when they dated in Hogwarts all over again.
 
　
          Harry decided as he quietly entered Grimmauld Place, which he had had completely gutted and renovated using some of the Black fortune he had inherited from Sirius, that what he needed to do was have a quiet weekend where he really thought about what he wanted in life and just who he wanted to share it with. Giving his head a decisive nod at the idea, he slid off his shoes and hung his cloak up on its hook before he moved towards the kitchen. On the way, he irritatedly brushed his bangs out of the way. Perhaps now that he was no longer in law enforcement, he could try out the suggestion that Bill gave him to grow out his hair and see if it was any more managable with some weight to it.
 
　
          He also decided on the short walk down the hallway that he would make up some tea and when Ginny finally arrived after practice, since it seemed that she wasn't here yet as her shoes and cloak weren't in the entry way, he would sit her down and tell her that he needed some time to himself this weekend. He wouldn't even have to worry about Kreacher interfering as Harry had the elf out and about surveying the other properties he now owned to see what repairs needed to be done as well as buying other elves, or hiring them if that was what they wished, to tend to the properties.
 
　
          Entering the new, well lit kitchen with all of its updated appliances always brought a smile to his face and today was no different, even whe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Mind Control
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Fingerfucking
Mpreg
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Ginny Bashing
Language

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Harry Potter/Thor (Marvel)

