Work Text:
The kid is maybe, oh, twenty years younger than him? Half his age – Steve remembers being twenty (or thereabouts) and he might only be forty-one now but, if the difference between him and Sam, who is three years older than Steve, is enough to be noticeable on occasion despite the depth of their friendship, then the difference between Steve and this kid will be impossible to ignore.Except that, here Steve is in his navy uniform, and here the kid is in pinstripe – just the pants and waistcoat – with a chequered blue shirt that's rolled up at the sleeves, and a long black tie cut across the middle with silver tie-pin, cinched at the top with a collar bar. He doesn't wear socks, and his brogues are brown, and his hair is tied back in a little bun at the nape of his neck, from which wisps of dark brown hair curl around his face, but he's still got enough hair for a swoop over his forehead, like Steve used to have way back when.When he shifts his stance a little, Steve sees the glint of metal and flash of navy in the small of the guy's back, where his braces attach – looking for it before he realizes it's because he recognises it, before he realizes he's looking at the kid the way he used to look at some of the kids back home. Back then. The kid is clean-shaven and looking out of the corner of his eye at Steve in the same way Steve feels he must be looking at the kid – i.e., like he wants to do any number of unmentionable things to him. Because boy does Steve ever want to do unspeakable things to this kid - he's absolutely gorgeous.Strong jawline padded by youth, beautiful shape to his mouth suggesting a constantly just-hidden smile, eyes that sparkle like there's a joke he's not sharing, Steve likes this immediately – a modern twist on Steve's type of classic – and the fact that the kid's got broad shoulders and strong hands shouldn't draw as much of Steve's attention as it does.The kid, however, is standing behind someone at one of the many computer screens, leaning on the back of the rolling chair currently occupied by a young lady in business attire, and it's only the fact that somebody clears their throat near to Steve that reminds him why he's here in the first place.“Sorry,” Steve says, tearing his gaze away, looking back at Stark as Stark tries to convince him that his Starkphone is actually a useful piece of everyday equipment.“That's called a Hipster,” Stark tells him, pointing with a screwdriver at the current object of most of Steve's attention. “I can ask it to move if it's causing you a problem-”“I was just wondering where he kept his pork-pie hat and Doc Martens, actually,” Steve answers – sometimes the Steve-Rogers-Is-Old thing is funny, and sometime it isn't, “and I didn't know the tower had a vaping space. At least his facial hair isn't too extravagant.”Stark looks at him for a moment, unsure if that was meant to be a veiled insult – Steve's not sure if that's how he meant it himself, but probably – and he catches movement out of the corner of his eye. The kid's smiling, has leaned down to his co-worker a little, but glances under his lashes at Steve and shows his amusement.“Regardless of the people in my employ,” Tony says, deciding that Steve's too nice to have insulted him, “your tablet's 8G capability -”“The only issue I was having was with the biometric recognition,” Steve says, considering privately that he's done insanely well not to leave without the thing entirely. “There's no issue on the 8G. Or any other wireless networks.”“Yeah, but now it's updated,” Tony tells him. “It can provide you with realtime bluetooth-”“Tony,” Steve says, holding up a hand. “I can make video calls, access messaging and emails, and use the internet?”“Yes?” Tony answers, as though Steve has grown a second head.“And is it fixed?”“What?” Tony says. “Of course it is. And you can-”“Speak to Jarvis,” Steve says, “and get alerts and automatic assemble messages. Yes?”Tony narrows his eyes.“Yes,” he says. “And you don't want the rest of the features because you're a heathen.” Tony sighs and turns away. “Fine,” he says. “Be ungrateful – I was in the middle of something anyway.”Steve bites back a smirk.“Thank you, Tony,” he says anyway.The young hipster at the next desk looks like he might laugh, too, but he gets back to work a moment later, and Steve gives him one last once-over before he leaves.~When he's stroking off at 4am after going to bed, it's the kid he pictures. It's nice to have another fantasy to entertain, another picture behind his eyelids. He's carried the same ones for years, the same blurry faceless figures, the same ideas, the same blue movies he's always liked. This time, although he feels a little weird about it afterwards, he pictures the kid on his knees in that nice suit, staring up at him with those sparkling eyes. ~Steve doesn't see the guy for a few days, mainly because he's never on the R&D floors even when he's staying at the tower. In fact, it's only because he stops at one of the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Age Difference
Alternate Universe
shrunky clunks
Modern Bucky Barnes
Sugradaddyish
but not enough for the tag

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

