Work Text:
One of the set assistants handed Bucky and Peter their robes. Parker, a new, twinky addition to Stark Naked Industries, was stronger than he looked, but getting reamed on camera for the first time was exhausting no matter one’s physical capability. Bucky offered him a hand to pull him up from his place spread-eagled across the mattress, and the kid accepted.“You all good?” asked Bucky.Peter nodded and smoothed a hand through his bed-head. He said, “It was nice. I’m good. You’re good. You’re gentler than you look, so that’s cool.”Bucky looped his arm around Peter’s shoulders and pulled him into a side-hug, rubbing his hand over the kid’s upper arm. He said, “I told you; we take care of our own. Glad I could make it okay.”“Parker! Excellent work! Barnes, I need you over here!”Bucky turned his attention across the set – a fake bedroom outfitted for sex from the wide, generous bed, to the furniture with extra stashes of just-in-case lube – to their fearless leader, Tony Stark. Stark’s father notoriously owned a weapons manufacturing company, something that Tony wanted nothing to do with – rather, he preferred to get involved in exactly what would piss Howard Stark off.So…porn.(The longer story included Howard publicly disowning Tony when he was only sixteen years old, Tony going into porn to pay his way through MIT, and subsequently becoming a behemoth in both the pornography and adult toy industry, but everyone knew not to ask Tony about it)“Thanks, Mr. Stark!” Peter waved with an eager grin.Bucky patted Peter’s shoulder and said, “You let me know if you need me to beat anyone up, okay?” and peeled away to talk to Tony, who stood at the head of the room with his hands in the pockets of his designer suit.“What’s goin’ on?” Bucky asked.Tony spread his fingers at the door and said, “Step out into my office. I have a proposition for you. Not that kind, Grumpy; don’t look at me like that. I’m your boss, for fuck’s sake. Come on.”The set office was decidedly not Tony Stark’s actual office – Bucky had been to the real deal once, and honestly, he wasn’t sure if he was being punked at the time (there was a chocolate fountain, for starters). This office was utilitarian in nature, the walls cream-colored and furniture neat and dark. A glass case boasted several AVN awards from the last years, and posters for their best-known features decked the walls in fancy frames.Bucky couldn’t help the rush of smugness he felt at the poster of him with Clint, bare-assed naked gazing into each other’s eyes like they wanted to devour each other. Tony spun around in the swivel chair on the other side of the desk for a few seconds before he stopped and looked Bucky in the eye. He said, “Okay, you know we started that series, right?”Bucky rolled his eyes. He asked, “When Tops Collide?”“That’s the one,” Tony said, “Have you watched any of the releases?”Bucky shook his head.“We’ve had a lot of success,” Tony told him, “Thor and Valkyrie broke records for straight shit. Steve’s on fire. So. My question to you is: are you comfortable with bottoming?”“Tony,” Bucky said patiently, “I prefer being on bottom.”Tony stared at him. “You do not,” he said, disbelieving.Bucky folded his arms across his chest. He said, “Uh. Yeah. Topping’s all right. I like it fine. But I like being on bottom better.” He gazed disinterestedly at his fingernails and went on, “You typecast me as a top because I’m a big dude.”“I did not – how dare you, first of all –” Tony huffed, and then admitted, “Fine. You got typecast, my fine, beefy friend. But does the audience know that? No, they do not. They think you’re the toppiest top to ever top. So here’s what I’m thinking. I want you to bottom in our next When Tops Collide, and I want you to bottom for Steve.”Bucky lifted one brow. Steve was…notoriously rough.“I don’t know, Tony,” Bucky said.Tony frowned. He asked, “Why? What’s wrong with Steve?”“He kinda throws people around,” Bucky said.Tony pulled a face. He said, “For the camera. IRL Steve is a mushy goody-two-shoes. Ask your roommate.”“Did you just say ‘IRL’ out loud?” asked Bucky.“That’s neither here nor there,” replied Tony, “My point is that he puts on a show for us, but he’s actually kind of a weenie. Like, no offense to Steve – or, actually, some offense, probably – but he’s downright lovey-dovey if the cameras are off.”Bucky chewed his lip. The truth was that he didn’t mind being thrown around, didn’t mind some pain play or humiliation. Hell, he liked it, and probably liked it more than he should. He just – needed the sweet stuff, too. He sighed, playing up his reluctance for Tony, and said, “Fine. Sure. Let’s do it. But you’re paying me double for this video.”“Fine,” said Tony.“Fine,” agreed Bucky.“Fine,” Tony said again, determined to have the last word. Bucky let him.**“Fuck. Why did I say yes to this?” Bucky anxiously asked, running both hands back through his hair.Clint swallowed his bite of pizza and paused the Dog Cops rerun playing on their TV. H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Alternate Universe - Porn
porn stars
Alternate Universe - Porn Stars
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Porn Star Bucky
Porn Star Peter
Porn Star everyone
Beefy Bucky
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Implied Bucky/Peter
Implied Bucky/Clint
Implied Thor/Valkyrie
Porn Star Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

