Work Text:
 
              Steve is fucking beautiful laid out like this, all hot eyes and kiss swollen lips. God's gift to man, the pinnacle of human perfection and Bucky gets to have him.  
 
              He's sweating, hands fisted in the sheets like he's going to drift away if he doesn't hold on and damn if Bucky doesn't feel a twinge of pride that he's the one that gets to take Steve apart piece by piece. 
 
              Steve moans his name; Bucky shivers. It's full of adoration and care and a thousand other things Bucky never did anything to deserve. 
 
              "Shh..." Bucky murmurs, looking up from where he's laying, head between Steve's legs. Steve smiles down at him, dopey and happy. Good.
 
              "Gonna make you feel so good..." Bucky murmurs. It's a promise, to himself and Steve, as he works his mouth up and down Steve's dick, one hand wrapped around what he can't fit in his mouth, the other further down, rubbing his balls. 
 
              Steve radiates strength, muscles tightening under his flawless skin. Bucky crams Steve's dick in as far as it will go, forcing past the instinctual resistance of his throat, shoving in further until his nose is buried in the coarse thatch of hair at the base of Steve's cock. He squeezes his eyes shut, focuses on swallowing, on clenching his throat around the thick member there and is rewarded with the feeling of Steve's thighs flexing powerfully underneath Bucky's fingertips. 
 
              Bucky stays down, just working his throat, reaching one hand up to play with Steve’s nipple. He can feel the rumble of Steve's groan, deep in his chest. Bucky pulls away to gasp in some air, and is reminded again of how lucky he is to be the one here, with Steve, when Steve could have had anyone else he wanted with just a sideways glance. 
 
              He gulps a few shuddering breaths, letting strings of drool hang between his lips and Steve’s dick while he breathes. Steve’s got one huge hand resting in Bucky’s hair, massaging his scalp lightly and Bucky allows himself to revel in the touch, but only for a second. This isn’t about his own pleasure; it’s about Steve’s. He takes a deep breath then moves back down, setting a brutal pace.
 
              Steve would never admit to liking things hard and rough and fast, but Bucky doesn't need to ask to know this feels good for him. Bucky fucks his mouth on Steve's cock like his life depends on it. He’s messy and he's drooling everywhere, gagging every time Steve's dick pushes into his throat with slurping clicks. Black spots dance at the edge of his vision from lack of air but it doesn't matter because he knows Steve is so close…
 
              Bucky pulls off until just the head of Steve's dick is in his mouth and flicks his tongue against the underside, sucking. That's all it takes for Steve to come into his mouth with a moan.
 
              Bucky swallows it all and licks up what spills out of his mouth on Steve’s thighs. He's still panting with exertion when he finishes running his lips gently up and down, pressing small kisses where he’s done cleaning. 
 
              Steve looks blissed out, eyes closed and hair mussed and wet. The moonlight seeping in from the window reflects off the sweat on his body so he looks like he's gleaming, like an angel. The serum fixed all his old scars and will fix all his new ones. 
 
              Bucky waits till his breathing has petered out a little more. Steve reaches out blindly, reaching for Bucky, who pats his stomach lightly before getting to his feet. He leaves Steve there on the bed while he goes to the bathroom to grab a towel. Hanging on the outside of the cupboard door is a full length mirror, which Bucky adamantly avoids looking in to. 
 
              He doesn't need to look to see how ravaged his body is. A thousand jagged scars snake their way up and down every inch of his torso, leaner than Steve's and uglier by leagues. It's disgusting, the uneven lumps of scar tissue littering his skin in thick ropes and ragged lines. Especially where the metal arm attaches to his left shoulder, where it's marred and twisted. It’s repulsive, the skin around it darkened and rough. 
  Bucky stares. The rest of him doesn't look any better. He looks older than Steve, the effects of being fucked around through time showing itself in the lines if his face. The fake serum has minimal effects in clearing away old wounds. Bucky's body is a roadmap of violence and war and next to Steve's, it looks damaged. Broken. 
 
 
 
              Bucky hates it when Steve kisses his scars. Steve deserves better than to be tainted with the ghosts of Bucky's sins. 
 
              He exits the bathroom quickly after grabbing the towels. Steve is still stretched out on the bed albeit with his eyes open now, staring at Bucky with fondness. 
 
              "C'mere," Steve says, voice husky with arousal. Bucky complies, crawling up the strong length of Steve's body so he can seal their lip
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Oral Sex
Deepthroating
Anal Sex
accidental rough sex
Self-Worth Issues
Bottom Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

