Work Text:
An hour after he ordered it, here has a soft knock on the door.  Steve took a sip of his wine enjoying the taste.  He savored the moment and then called for the person at his door to enter.  One of Steve’s own guards opened the door, bowing slightly towards were Steve sat across the room.  Behind him a slight figure emerged walking several steps into the room before stopping.  The guard closed the door softly and then Steve and the other person were alone.  Steve eyed the young man, just come of age and still flushed from childhood.  His jaw line was soft but belied that it would strengthen as he aged further.  His dark hair was longer than Steve’s own, letting it curl just slightly.  Taking another sip of wine Steve watched as the boy’s hand fiddled with the hem of his robe.  The rich red fabric looked soft and daring against the boy’s tanned skin.  His blue eyes darted around the room, taking in the opulent bed and it’s drapings, the table next to Steve filled with fruits and sweet meats and wine, and finally Steve himself, ensconced in a high back wooden chair ornately carved.“Come here, Anthony.”  Steve kept his voice soft but he could not conceal the steel in it.  He had been a man accustomed to obedience and having his orders followed for so long that he knew nothing else now.The boy faltered a step before firming his jaw and moving closer until he was only a couple of feet in front of Steve’s chair.“Do you know who I am, Anthony.”  Steve asked, rubbing the rim of his goblet across his bottom lip.The boy nodded. “There are a great deal of stories about you, Lord Rogers.  And my father likes to tell a great many of them.”“I dislike gossip.  And your father’s flair for the dramatic.  Though it is because he owes me many favors that has led to us being here tonight.  His giving you to me is a repayment of one of those favors.”Anthony nodded again, slower and less unsure.“Do not fear this, Anthony.  This is the most natural thing we humans are made for.  You submit to me and I will do everything in my power to provide for you and keep you happy.  Do you understand?”“Yes, Lord Rogers.”“Good, now be honest with me, have you been with any others?”  Steve watched the boy’s olive complexion turn a wonderful shade of red as he swallowed.  “Honesty will not be punished here, only lying.”“A beta chambermaid put her hands to my …”  Here Anthony faltered.“Did she penetrate you?”  Steve queried.  He had not lied to the boy, honesty would not be punished, but he would demand compensation if Anthony was not a virgin.“No, she used her hand on my … organ.  To bring me to climax.  And another once used their mouth.”  The boy’s face was a deep shade of red but his eyes did not waiver and his voice was steady.“Ah, and have you put your mouth to another like what was done to you?”“The chambermaid.”“But not to a male or female alpha?”Anthony shook his head again.“Then we will start there.”  Steve watched the way the boy stopped breathing for several seconds, his eyes focused on Steve spreading his legs apart.  Steve’s own robes gaped in the middle, exposing a stripe of Steve’s skin down the middle of his chest and framing his half hard cock.  Anthony swallowed before licking his lips in nervousness.  Steve couldn’t help but grin against the side of his goblet.“Kneel between by legs, Anthony.”“Um, sir?”  He moved closer, his eyes flickering between Steve’s crotch and face before he slowly dropped to his knees.“Yes?”  Steve reached out, trailing the fingers of his free hand across the boy’s cheek, using a fingertip to draw the lines of his jaw and lips.“I would- I mean, I usually go by Tony.”  His eyes were wide, unsure as he spoke to Steve as if this confession was the worst of all imaginable.  Steve’s fingers traveled up Tony’s jaw and over his cheekbone until he could cup the side of the boy’s face.  Steve marveled at the sweet skin, so soft and warm.“Then you will be Tony. Beautiful, pretty Tony.  Here, let me show you how you can please me.”Steve met just a bit of cursorily resistance as he pulled Tony’s face closer to his groin.  The boy came willingly and then Steve felt his breath against his member which swelled ever so more.  Using his grip on Tony’s head he rubbed the boy’s lips against his shaft, enjoying the puffs of moist heat from the boy’s already heavy breathing.“Mmmm, you may lick, suck, and kiss.  But me mindful of your teeth.  Did you enjoy it when that chambermaid used their mouth on you?”“Yes.” Was breathed against Steve’s cock and he almost shuddered.“Then use that experience as a guide, listen to my voice to discover what pleases me, and in time and with practice, I’ve no doubt you’ll become an expert at this task.”  Steve’s eyes took in the boy’s face, pressed as it was into his groin and felt wetness leak from the tip of his cock.  It had taken only one look of Tony at the ball earlier for Steve to know Tony would be his.  And now he had the boy between his knees, those lusciously plump lips
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Difference
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Rough Sex
Alternate Universe - Historical
Come Inflation
Dirty Talk
Loss of Virginity
Virgin Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

