Work Text:
“So how many partners have you taken to bed?” Thor asks him over their shared breakfast one morning.Loki chokes on the tea he’s downing, and it takes him a couple moments of choking and sputtering before he regains his breath. “Why in the Norns would you ask me that?” He asks when he does, dabbing at his mouth delicately with a napkin. Thor shrugs, and Loki scans his face. His brother’s never been particularly good at hiding ulterior motives, and Loki only picks up honest curiosity in Thor’s expression. Which means he only wants to know about Loki’s…bedroom habits. The trickster grimaces a bit and sets his teacup down.They’re both of age, Loki by about a year, Thor by a bit longer than that. Thor’s already built up quite a reputation, from what Loki has heard in murmurs around the palace.“He’s so attentive,” A court maid had gushed to her friend in the gardens one day, whilst Loki was tending to a little patch of Blood Root he had been cultivating. “Most men I’ve been with are just focused on their own pleasure, but his Highness…reciprocates,” And they had burst into giggles until Loki had stood up, not entirely keen on hearing about his big brother’s prowess in bed.“Oh, Prince Loki!” They’d exclaimed, and apologized abashedly. Loki had waved them off and retreated back to his quarters, where he had resolutely not pictured Thor with his head between some pretty maiden’s legs.To be honest, Loki hadn’t ever been particularly interested in the more carnal pleasures. Of course, he knew of them, he’d received the same gentle lecture from Frigga that Thor had (“Be safe, always ask your partner for consent, make sure you always feel comfortable,” et cetera). Sex… just hadn’t ever been of importance to him. Loki was far too busy pouring over every book on seiðr and sorcery he could find, along with accompanying Odin on diplomatic missions in order to learn more of the realms which surrounded Asgard. The only time Loki can actually remember feeling any such…primal urges was actually on one of those missions, one that Odin had managed to drag Thor along on.Loki’s brother had always been more interested in being a wartime ruler than one in times of peace. Thor was adept on the battlefield and a keen military strategist, but he had hardly any interest in matters of peacekeeping and diplomacy. This often led Odin to have Loki at his side rather than his firstborn when it came to political council, which Loki finds a bit unfair. Why is it that Thor is still more suited to the throne than Loki, when Loki studies all aspects of ruling and Thor seems to only dwell on one?About a year prior, Loki had arrived on Alfheim with his father and brother, despite all of Thor’s great heaving and whingeing before their departure. It had taken all the willpower Loki possessed to hold his tongue and not tell Thor off for complaining about what would in the future be one of his kingly duties. After all of the mingling and merrymaking had been done at the great feast in their honor, Loki had excused himself to bed early, claiming a headache. He wasn’t exactly lying, he often found himself with a throbbing at his temples anywhere that parties were involved. He’d leave that particular area of kingship to his brother.He and Thor were sharing a room in the guest wing, though Loki hadn’t expected his brother back for a good couple of hours. He had barely gotten himself undressed and in bed when the door had swung open noisily, and he heard his brother’s voice, along with a softer, higher one. That of a female.Oh…oh.Either Thor had assumed Loki was asleep or hadn’t cared, because within the next ten minutes he was deep inside the elven maiden, who didn’t seem to have any qualms about it. Loki had bit at his knuckle, thoughts racing. What an absolute dolt, of course Thor would subject him to this, when had Thor ever thought about Loki’s comfort? What was he supposed to do, roll over and tell them to keep it down, as he was trying to sleep? He could see the look on Thor’s face now, hear his rushed apologies: “Oh Loki, I didn’t see you there…” “I didn’t know you were awake…” “I’m so sorry…”He had gotten up half a mind to roll over and do just that when something must have changed, because he heard Thor moan, deep and guttural. And, for some reason Loki couldn’t attest to, his heart had leapt into his throat, nearly choking him. Thor’s next moan had Loki biting at his tongue to keep an answering noise from sneaking out. What in the Norns was wrong with him? He had shut his eyes tight against the heat building in his cheeks and tried to convince himself that what he was feeling building below the sheets wasn’t in response to his brother’s—his brother’s! —noises as he fought for completion.The great growl Thor had loosed as he came had actually drawn a little breath from Loki’s lips in response, but it was masked by the soft moan Thor’s partner had given. Afterwards, Loki had laid there, hot and trembling, Thor’s moans echoing through his h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
possesive!thor
Jealous!Thor
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Rough Sex
with feelings
Rimming
Loki doesn't know when to quit
Pre-Thor (2011)
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

