Work Text:

  Why Sam felt entitled to give opinion about Tony after Berlin?  
Sam must have watched the video a thousand times but it never changed. Why would it? The thing was days old. He knew it wasn’t healthy, he knew it would serve no purpose and he knew it was illogical. But he was in agony. The airman didn’t care about logic, about all the coping mechanisms he developed over the years after he retired from the Air Force, all he cared about was the crunching and wet noise that ensued mechanical swirls and a roar.His head felt light but his body didn’t have enough strength to hold it upright. Next thing Sam knew, his neighbor was knocking and calling his name, asking if he was alright and his living room was a wreck. Feeling his fists almost raw, Sam could take a guess about what happened.Mrs. Collins, her daughter was a Navy. When Sam retired and bought this house she insisted on baking for him on occasion, the former airman was grateful to her. With what was left of his family so far away…He can’t think of that right now, he can’t.~*~Sam was giddy. This was the Avengers and he was invited to join by Captain America himself!At his side, his newest teammates, new recruits just like him, waiting for Captain America to give the first official orders.“Avengers!”~*~If Sam noticed that Stark wasn’t around? Well, he also noticed Banner’s absence but the former airman wasn’t much inclined to ask about it either. Wanda’s presence confused him but he accepted it. Wasn’t she Sokovian?~*~Then Lagos happened and the Accords. Sam felt bad and he was sure that Steve, as the CO, and Wanda, as the one that was involved in the accident felt even worse. However Sam felt that the debacle in Lagos didn’t warrant the Accords. What does it say that because of a rookie mistake after everything they have done, they already collared by some paper-pushers?The former airman never thought that the world could be this petty.~*~Once in Wakanda, Team Cap thought they could relax. Some disaster, soon enough would happen and they would be needed again.Sam was just back from his daily morning run when he heard arguing coming from the living room, grabbing a bottle of water, he calmly made his way over. Arguing was the common nowadays, usually because of something or another one of them finds on the internet. Sam already gave up on trying to stop them from reading comments on YouTube. Nothing good ever comes out of it.It was more or less common to hear Wanda and Clint raging about Stark, Scott was never too far behind. The councilor in Sam recognized that Scott didn’t actually know Stark to like or dislike him, the guy was just repeating what other people told him about the man. The bigger part was just too pissed at the whole situation to care much about it.If there was one thing that the VA taught him was that Sam just can’t help other people if he didn’t help himself first. If Sam was in a dark place, he can’t help other get out of it as well. It would be hypocritical and counterproductive, not to mention that it never ended well.Sam was so angry at Stark, at his betrayal, at his part in this whole story that he was just plain wrong to try and make the other stop ranting about the billionaire.The scene he came upon, however, was not the usual yelling direct at the TV, computer, cellphone or something else altogether that reminds them of Stark. Instead, Scott was yelling murder at…either Wanda or Steve, it was hard to tell when Wanda was half cowering, half glowering behind Steve that was frowning disapprovingly at Scott and Clint was to the side glaring at the floor. Scott chose this moment to shout louder than the entire ruckus.“What the flying fuck is wrong with you? Did you know about this crap?! SAY SOMETHING!”The few seconds of silence were enough for Sam’s voice to sound particularly loud.“What is going on?” the question was directed at Clint that seemed the only one more or less uninvolved but everybody heard and he was suddenly under Cap’s relieved eyes which only confused Sam even more.“Sam! Thank God!” Steve started to walk towards him before remembering and keeping himself between Scott and Wanda, “Look, can you run intervention?”“Intervention? You useless, big piece of…”“For what?” the airman interrupted the engineer before whatever word he wanted to say got out of his mouth.“There were stuff that we didn’t tell people because we knew it would be blown out of proportion…” but it seemed that no one would get to finish what they wanted to say today because Steve’s almost tired voice was cut off by Scott’s irate one.“YOU SON OF A BITCH! OUT OF PROPORTION? WHAT? BECAUSE IT WASN’T YOUR BUDDY-BUCKY OTHER PEOPLE JUST DON’T MATTER?! AND YOU LET THEM TAKE THE FALL FOR IT TOO!”“TAKE THE FALL FOR WHAT?! HIDE WHAT?” Sam had his limits too and all this yelling wasn’t improving anything.“We didn’t hide anything. We just… omitted certain details.”“Enough with this shit!” Scott snarled through gritted teeth and turned to Sam with a stran
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
steve gets punched in the face
Civil War Team Iron Man
but I redeem Sam here
Sort Of

fandom: 
None
