Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Army encampments were noisy places. Besides the regular din of thousands of people living together, there were the sounds unique to war. The blacksmiths at the travel forges shoeing horses and repairing wagon wheels and notched weapons. The ring of steel on steel from soldiers at practice. Voices hoarse from battle cries raised in merriment and anger both. Horses and oxen huffing and stamping and whinnying and bellowing. The rasp of swords and spears being sharpened.Thor was so used to disregarding the constant ongoing cacophony that the disturbance currently going on at the prisoners’ wagons was notable for its ability to catch his attention.“What is the problem here?” he demanded in his best field commander voice. A handful of his men were bleeding and groaning on the ground. One had been knocked clear through a stack of equipment, his still-smoking boots the only part of him visible. Another lay with his neck at such an angle that Thor feared he would not rise again. The source of the commotion appeared to be the Jotun prisoner crouched by the side of one of the wagons.He was wearing not one, but two sets of the magic-dampening cuffs they kept on hand for prisoners of a sorcerous persuasion. The circle of soldiers closing in around him looked terrified for all that they outnumbered him five to one. The prisoner himself did not look terrified, he looked angry, and his eyes spit fire.“You’ll not come near me with that,” he snarled. One of the soldiers had a golden collar in his outstretched hands and it visibly wavered as the man gulped.“Fandral!” Thor barked. “Report.”“We captured this one this morning,” Fandral said, crossing his arms behind his back and clearly ill at ease. “Or rather, your sister did. He took out an entire infantry company himself first.”Thor gave Fandral a hard look. “He’s a, ah, magic user, as you can see, and, ah…” Fandral’s usual glibness seemed to have fled him. “Well. Your sister wanted him for herself. She brought him here and instructed us to bathe him and, I believe her words were, ‘adorn him properly.’”“So this Jotun took out over a hundred of our men single handedly, and yet she left him here alone with, what, twenty of you?”“Well, she did put the two sets of cuffs on him first...one wasn’t enough…”Thor sighed blackly. His damned sister. She’d always had a propensity for toying with her prisoners like a cat with a mouse and usually left them in about as good a state - bloody, mangled, and dead. He’d spoken with Fandral about this before.“Firstly, your orders are always to come to ME about prisoners despite ANYTHING my sister tells you.”“I know, but she was quite...insistent.” Fandral had the good grace to look embarrassed. He winced. “Violently so.” He nodded towards the man with the broken neck.Thor ground his teeth together.“Secondly, has anyone bothered to figure out who this prisoner IS?”“Well, there hasn’t been much time to --”Fandral winced again as a shout went up from the men and the soldier with the golden collar went sailing through the air and hit the ground with a thud. Norns spare him the company of idiots. It was obvious to Thor that they had captured Jotunheim’s sorcerous prince. Loki. Ordinary Jotnar soldiers did not possess this level of magic or battle prowess. Ordinary Jotnar soldiers did not require the personal intervention of the Goddess of Death herself to capture them. His father would have to be notified about this.“This is Prince Loki,” Thor said flatly. “Laufey’s son. And had you done as Hela wished this war would drag out ten times as long as it already has.”Fandral visibly paled.“ENOUGH!” Thor bellowed at the men still trying to draw in closer around the Jotun. He strode towards the prisoner and hauled him up by the chain connecting his wrists. “I’ll escort the prince to my own tent, where he will be provided the comforts that befit his station.”“Do you expect my gratitude?” the Jotun sneered. “Whether I’m in these wagons or your tent, I’m just as much of a prisoner.”Impossibly, Thor felt magic trying to push against him, icy and hostile. It sparked a tiny flame of fear deep in his gut. He’d never seen anyone able to use seidr at all once a single pair of Odin’s magic-dampening cuffs had been put on them, much less two. He kept his face stony and sent a brief shock of lightning through his own hands that made the Jotun stiffen in surprise.“There’s more where that came from,” Thor warned, his voice pitched low for their ears alone. “And even if you somehow manage to incapacitate me, we’re in the heart of my camp and I doubt it will be so easy to deal with three thousand of my soldiers. Or I could let Hela have at you. It’s up to you, but I would recommend coming with me and remaining silent.”“You’re Thor, then,” the Jotun said.“Aye.”The Jotun prince dragged his eyes up and down Thor’s body, taking in his windblown hair, his dusty leathers, his tattered cape.“I thought you’d be...bigger,” he said with a delicate curl of h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
War Prize Loki
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
Alternate Universe
Hela was never banished
Loki was never adopted
Prisoner of War
Hela has Mjolnir but Thor has lightning powers
Developing Relationship
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Hurt/Comfort
Banter
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Cultural Differences
Cultural exchange
Slow Burn
Fantastic Racism
Romance
Action
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Torture
peace treaties
insanely massive lightning bolts
Angst with a Happy Ending
Sex
Hope

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

