Chapter 1: Sniffles
    




Chapter Text
It started with a sniffle.It was nothing too serious, just a bit of a runny nose. Something that can be cured with a combination of tissues, medication and a good night’s sleep. Peter knew what the symptoms of a common cold was, and was not concerned when the back of his throat began to itch and he began sneezing more than usual.He wasn’t concerned because it was just a cold. Just a stupid, annoying, inconvenience of a cold.He was also aware of the fact that he was a super-human, and he had an increased healing factor meaning that his “cold” would virtually disappear within a day or two rather than a couple weeks that the average person would have to suffer through.May noticed first, of course. It was hard not to notice the pile of tissues that sat beside the teenager’s bed and the gradually diminishing amount of cold medication taken from the cabinet in the bathroom.She brought it up as Peter was rushing to catch the bus, running late as per usual.“Are you sure you feel up to going to school today?” She asked.“What? Yeah, of course! I feel fine.” An obvious lie, he felt like absolute garbage.“You don’t look fine. You look like crap.”Thanks for putting it lightly, May. He thought.“I promise, I’m fine. Just tired, I guess.”“Well if you change your mind and want to come home, just call me and I can come pick you up.”“Aunt May, I’ll be fine. Plus, I have a biology test later today that I cannot miss.”“I’m sure your teacher would understand if you’re sick…”“I’m not sick! I have to go catch the bus now, bye May I love you!”He let the door slam behind him.The next person to notice was Michelle, who always seemed to show her concern in a funny way.“You look like shit, have you been drinking?” The brunette asked as she leaned against the adjacent locker as Peter rummaged for his books.“What? No!”“Your eyelids are all droopy.”“Yeah, well I was up all night studying for this bio test.”“You’re lying. I can tell.”
He wasn’t lying, actually. He had stayed up all night trying to get as much studying in as possible. Probably not the smartest thing to do on top of his cold.
“I’m not lying.”“There’s another lie.”Peter groaned. “I just have a cold, alright?”Michelle smirked. “Did a homeless guy sneeze on you on the subway again?”“No… And what do you mean again? That never happened.”The girl rolled her eyes. “Whatever just don’t pass your cold onto me I have an English paper due next week.”Peter timidly waved as the girl turned to walk away. “Bye, thanks for the concern!”Come lunch time, Peter found himself sitting at a lunch table by himself, his textbooks spread across the surface as he crammed in some last minute studying before his test next period. Biology was one of his best subjects; he usually could ace a test without studying, yet today was different. He felt like he could barely absorb any of the information he was attempting to learn.It was this stupid cold. It was impeding his studying ability.Nonetheless, he found himself sitting in fourth period biology, pencil in hand waiting for the tests to be distributed.It was a miracle that he even finished the test in time. He barely got through the last question on the stages of mitosis. He went home that evening, feeling worse than ever, not only because of his cold, but now because of the test he most likely failed.He was surprised to come home to an empty apartment. May had left a note saying she went to run some errands, and that she left money on the counter if he wanted to order a pizza. Normally, he would’ve been on the phone with Dominoes in a matter of seconds, but today he just didn’t have much of an appetite.He went to bed, hopeful that his symptoms would be cleared by tomorrow morning.Peter woke an hour later to May’s hand on his forehead, checking his temperature. “You’re burning up, sweetie. Let me go get you some Tylenol.” She left and returned with a bottle of water and a couple of pills. It didn’t take him long to fall back asleep.He woke the next morning, the red numbers on his clock reading 9:58 am.Oh crap! I slept in! He thought, as he stumbled out of bed and ran to put some clothes on. Grabbing his bag, he made his way to the doorway, but stopped when he saw May on the couch.“Why didn’t you wake me for school?” He asked, slightly annoyed.“Peter! I didn’t hear you get up! And I called the school, you’re not going today.”“But May-““No buts, get back to bed. You’re sick.”“May, it’s just a cold. And besides, I was supposed to meet Mr. Stark at the Avengers compound after school to work on the internship.” They were actually working on suit upgrades, but May didn’t know about his identity as Spider-Man, despite the close call he experienced a few months before. She caught him in his suit, and the first lie he came up with was that he was an avid cosplayer. Somehow, she bought into it.“Well, you can go back to sleep and maybe if you feel better later then you can go work on your internship.”Peter groaned before obey
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Sick Peter
Hurt Peter
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Worried Tony
Worried Tony Stark
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Precious Peter Parker
5 Times
Poor Peter Parker
Sad Peter
Sad Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Panic Attacks
Mental Health Issues
Anxiety
Anxiety Attacks
Suicide Attempt
Running Away
Depression
References to Depression

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

