Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Let go of me!”My shrill yell echoes down the dimly lit hallway, but the iron grips on my shoulders and upper arm don’t budge, one of the two men that were escorting me hissing in my ear.“Don’t make this harder for yourself, sweetheart”I shake my head violently and try to jerk away from them again, but they growl, and the one that didn’t speak wraps one hand around my neck, squeezing warningly. I gulp and stop fighting and his hand loosens around my throat marginally. I hear him hum in approval and I bite back tears, shaking my head from side to side as I get herded towards a pair of large metal doors, silver and gold lines forming pictures of death and destruction on the metal. The longer I look at it, and the closer I get, it seems to that lines are moving, the pictures become real, dancing and fighting and dying across the surface of the door.Even in my injured state, I could feel the darkness and coldness that was emanating from under the doorway, and I wanted to get away from it, I didn’t even want to get near it, let alone through it.“Where are you taking me?” I ask loudly as I try to push back against the men’s grip, digging my heels into the obsidian tiled floor, and I keep struggling even when the hand around my throat tightens, fingernails into my flesh.“The bosses want to see you, especially after you appeared where you’re not meant to be”The doors fly open and the two men escort me inside, their iron grip getting even tighter than before. I gasp as I look around the large room, the walls a deep, almost blood red while the tiled floor is the same obsidian colour as the hallway. The roof was like the night sky, glittering lights scattered across like the stars. I gape up at the ceiling, totally distracted from the large, backless throne that was at the end of the room, or the two figures that were sitting in it, one in the actual seat and the other that was sitting behind him, one foot propped up on one arm rest, and one arm resting on the other arm rest, effectively making the man curled around the other one who was actually sitting on the seat.I breathe deeply as my eyes stay focused on the ceiling, feeling slightly calmer as I watch a shooting star burn across the dark sky. I barely register getting pulled across the room, and my gaze only breaks away from the ceiling when I’m forced to my knees. I gasp, finally looking at the throne and the two men that were in it.The one that was actually sitting in the chair was a tall, blonde man who was wearing a dark blue suit set with a dark red silk shirt. His blonde hair was smooth and silky, his blue eyes staring intently at me, his jaw tense as his lips set themselves in a straight line. The man that was perched on the back of the throne was wearing a black silk shirt with the top button undone, with a pair of deep black trousers and wearing a set of motorcycle boots, silver buckles shining in the dim light. His jaw line was sharp and his blue eyes were gleaming as he also stares intently at me. He licks his bottom lip as both men watch me, the two men that brought me into the room standing behind me. I struggle to calm my heavy breathing as I watch both men watch me, and I shift uncertainly on my knees, and I attempt to move backwards on the floor, but the man that had hissed at me wrapped his hand around the back of my neck, pushing my head down towards the floor. I hiss through my teeth and fight back, placing my hands flat on the ground and bracing myself from getting pushed face first into the floor.“Bow down before the kings” the man growls, and I growl back as I shake my head, crying out in pain as the man’s fingernails dig into my skin.“Submit, sweetheart” the man says, and I shake my head, the movement limited to his hand pressing down on my neck. I hear him growl and I hear his clothes rustle like he’s lifting his hand, but a smooth, dark voice interrupts.“Stop, Stark”Stark’s hand immediately left my neck and I gasp, eyes falling shut as I roll my shoulders, helping the tension leave my muscles. I breath out in relief, and I keep my eyes on the floor when I hear slow, steady footsteps move towards me. In my peripheral vision, I see a pair of black boots walk towards me, clicking quietly against the tiled floor, and they stop right in front of me. The owner of those boots crouches in front of me. Everyone’s quiet for a minute, then I feel a warm finger curl under my chin, encouraging me to look up.“Look up at me, pretty girl”I breathe heavily as I let my face get tilted up, and I hold my breath as my eyes meet bright blue ones, a hint of fire brimming in the black pupils. The blonde man studies me, then stands up, his finger under my chin lifting my head up so I quickly follow suit, standing up as well. I fiddle with my fingers as his eyes roam up and down my body, and then he chuckles. The chuckle must have been a signal as the man that was perched on the back of the throne quickly slipped off it and stalked towar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve rogers x bucky barnes
Bucky Barnes x Reader
Steve Rogers x Reader
Stucky x Reader

freeform: 
Smut
lots of smut
Also fluff
also angst
stucky are kings of Hell
Heaven
Hell
demon!Bucky
Demon!Steve
Fallen angel!steve
Fallen Angel!Bucky
Fallen Angel!Reader
Double Penetration
Wing Kink
wing gland kink
Scars
bucky protecting steve
Nicknames
Rape
Violence

fandom: 
Steve rogers x bucky barnes
Bucky Barnes x Reader
Steve Rogers x Reader
Stucky x Reader

