Work Text:
At first, Tony thought it was a dream.
To be fair, after enough time spent tied to a chair, everything felt like a dream. Those ropes around his wrists and his ankles - were they real or imaginary? Was it pain or numbness radiating through his jaw? Was it anything at all? Tony felt like he was floating, suspended in midair, or maybe lying on his back in the water, the current carrying him away as the world turned dark. 
“Stark.”
The darkness shrank back. Someone was saying his name, someone whose voice he’d heard before. Who was it? Tony blinked, forcing his tired eyes to focus. Steve? Couldn't be. Steve wasn't coming. Wouldn't come, not for him. Besides, it didn't matter who came for him. None of this was real. Tony blinked again, the streaks of light finally combining into an image. And then, Tony was  sure it was a dream. Long, dark hair. Bright blue eyes. Unmistakable metal arm. Someone must’ve repaired that, Tony thought to himself. It looked newer. Cleaner. Probably made of Vibranium.

 Focus, Stark. 

Right. Barnes. Bucky Barnes. What was he doing here? Was this part of Ross’s plan? Was the Winter Soldier here to finish what Ross had started?
No. Tony could tell that wasn’t it. Barnes’s eyes were bright and focused, not hard and glassy like they’d been that first time he’d been triggered. This was  Bucky.  And that begged the question again: what was he doing here?
“You with me, Stark?”
Damn it. Had Tony been fading in and out? Probably. But if this was a dream, did it even matter?
“Yeah. I’m here. I’m awake.” Tony’s voice came out low and rough.  Shit.  He’d tried so hard not to scream. Screaming meant they were getting to you. But screaming was better than giving up.
Bucky knelt down in front of him. “Do you know where you are?”
Tony met Bucky’s eyes, then shook his head. “No.”
“This is the Sandbox. Old SHIELD facility turned HYDRA.” Bucky paused and looked Tony over, his eyes dark with concern. “Do you know how long you’ve been here?”
“No,” Tony said again.
“Forty-five hours.” Well. That would explain this whole thing feeling like a dream. Tony hadn’t slept in over two days, barring whatever time he’d spent unconscious.
“Can you tell me what they did to you?”
Tony squinted. “Torture. Can’t remember the specifics.”
Bucky’s expression hardened, and Tony flinched.
“Hey. Easy. I ain’t gonna hurt you.”
Tony swallowed, trying not to feel panicked when Bucky disappeared from view. “What’re you doing?”
“Untying you.”
“Oh. Okay.” Tony let his head fall back, his eyes closing. God, everything hurt. He was getting too old for this.
“D’you know who took you?” Bucky asked, working on the knot around Tony’s left wrist.
Tony thought back to that damn tranquilizer dart, how it had lodged itself into his shoulder before he’d even had time to react. “Ross. Ambushed me in my office.”
The ropes finally came loose, and Tony hissed in pain, drawing his arm up to his chest.
“But he ain’t the one who hurt you.”
“No.”
“Then who?”
Tony’s other hand came free, and  god,  what a relief. He slouched forward, elbows resting on his thighs, fingers sliding into his hair. “A couple of big guys. Shaved heads, combat armor.”
“I already took care of them.”
The noise Tony made wasn’t quite a laugh, but it came close. “Of course you did.”
Bucky was down near Tony’s ankles now, and those knots weren’t as tight; no point when Tony hadn’t been able to reach them. They were undone in a matter of seconds, and then Tony could finally breathe.  He gasped, a loud, embarrassing hiccup, then exhaled, lifting his face out of his hands.  Damn it.  Tony hated being restrained. The torture, he could take; but when Tony was tied up, people died. Usually right in front of him.
“Hey.” Bucky looked up at Tony, his expression soft and serious. “You okay?”
Shit. Those weren’t noises people made when they were okay, huh? “Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine.”
Bucky nodded, standing up and taking a step back. “Can you walk?”
“Well I’m  definitely not going to let you carry me.”
Apparently, Bucky wasn’t as much of a hardass as Tony thought. Tony saw the joke land, one corner of Bucky’s mouth tilting just slightly up.
“Wasn’t gonna try.” Bucky crossed toward the door, and Tony was suddenly afraid that Bucky might leave without him. He forced himself upright, ignoring the way his body screamed at him-
Except that didn’t quite work, because somehow Tony ended up on his knees in the dirt, his legs refusing to cooperate, his muscles trembling with the effort of holding himself up.
“Stark.”
“Sorry. Sorry, I'm coming, I promise.”
Bucky was next to him again, so close that Tony swore he could feel heat radiating off of Bucky’s body.
“Here.” Bucky helped lift him up, sliding an arm around Tony’s waist. “Arm over my shoulders. There you go. C’mon.”
Tony did as he was told, letting Bucky haul him to his feet. “Sorry. Just… tired.”
“Don’t apologize. Just keep movin’.”
Those were instructions Tony could follow. He kept his weight braced against Bucky’s shoulders and moved on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Multiple Personalities
Insomnia
Implied/Referenced Torture
Past Torture
Nightmares
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Kidnapping
Rescue
Discussion of Howard & Maria's deaths
Developing Relationship
First Kiss
Kissing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

