Work Text:

Tony doesn’t even know when it started.Which is kind of a lie because of course he fucking knows when. If it weren’t many levels of clingy and weird, he’d have a plaque made to commemorate the joyous occasion. But since it was, clingy and weird, that is – he resolved to just be cool, it’s no big deal, just pretend the Winter Soldier kissing you is completely normal. Which he’d like to remind his overly chilled – not really chilled attitude that is completely fake-fake-fake that it really fucking isn’t.But when it happened isn’t the problem. It’s why.It haunts him. Like, he wakes up at night sweating because what if I don’t do the thing and I don’t get kisses?  Which is ridiculous because – It wasn’t even something special.The thing that led to the kissing, not the actual kiss. Suggesting otherwise is blasphemous, and Tony could already feel his dick stirring at the thought of it. Which, he'd like to state for the record isn’t normal because he’s been kissed plenty before and that’s never happened ever, making it supremely important for it to continue because data needs to be collected. For science.Anyway.He got Friday to relay the video feed in his lab where it happened – because they’re always in his lab: Bucky hangs out; Tony sciences; they blow things up for fun; Bucky makes him coffee and brings him food; Tony does maintenance on Bucky’s arm; Bucky makes sure he collapses safely on the couch and tucks him; Tony enlightens Bucky about everything he's missed in the past seventy-odd years, and Bucky looks amazed at everything Tony makes (and says and does, but that could just be a combination of Tony's romanticism and hormones). It's great; wonderful; awesome, every interaction with the man is legitimately the highlight of Tony's day. Back to the point:The Moment, as Tony likes to refer to it as, happened completely out of the blue on a completely normal day.Granted, Tony was in a shitty mood.Bucky being around alleviated it by pure virtue of his presence, and let him vent because he was a good friend like that.And yes, they were friends, Tony liked to think. It’s the crux of the matter really.Because if Bucky had been anyone else, literally anyone else that Tony had felt an attraction to, he would have climbed all over that.Seriously.His lab – nay – the entire penthouse – would be baptized; every nook and cranny. Every surface possible: every angle he could possibly twist himself into, Tony was down with it. He’s talking about devouring – savoring – fucking worshipping every inch of James Buchanan Barnes if Bucky had literally been anyone else.You see because Tony’s lucky in all the ways that matter (Genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist), he struck out on the easier stuff like being good at making friends or being good at relationships and having people not hate him. It’s cosmic science. Can’t give someone everything, can they?The Rogues are still pretty iffy about him after the business with the Accords which who the fuck really cares about them anyway when they caved and signed, in the end?  Because the actual issue here is that Bucky’s bestest friend, the guy who started the whole Civil War nonsense, and who almost burned down a fucking city in Germany for him, was fucking Captain America.For all intents and purposes, Tony’s still in the doghouse with the good ole Cap, regardless of the fact that Tony’s the one that got them those shiny pardons in the first place, not to mention a place to stay with food in their bellies and clothes on their back, both before and after the fact.Putting aside that Tony has every reason in the world to tell Team Cap (minus Bucky) to piss right the fuck off, he can’t.Not just because the Accords council likes to give him shit, but also because the world needs a unified front, Mr. Stark, it’s for the Greater Good. And now, also because of Bucky.Thankfully, Bucky pointedly avoids mentioning the state of their life, avoiding talking Team Anyone; an executive decision after their uncomfortably candid conversation about what Bucky remembered of his role in murdering Tony's parents. (They wailed on each other for at least ten minutes, or rather, Bucky let Tony do the wailing with Bucky apologizing between the ass-whooping he graciously allowed because “I deserve it, I do. Hydra pointed the gun and I pulled the trigger and I deserve it.”There were tears because, “I’m angry; everything hurts; but it wasn’t you, you-you wouldn’t be sorry if you meant it.”And then there was a loaded silence before Tony finally hobbled away, broken all over again, and Bucky had stayed and tried to put him back together.)Besides, they always meet in his lab, Tony's holy place; his church. Neither of them are going to desecrate it by bringing up things that literally broke his heart and his ribs to match, and Tony, for one, wasn't about to ask questions he didn't want the answer to. Not when Rogers and Barnes are the men out of time, the soldiers that changed the century; the love that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kissing
Idiots in Love
Hanging out in the lab
Slash
Making Out
Liberal F bombs dropped
i'm not even sorry
It almost got domestic
but Bucky's hot af
The Rogues hate Tony
Tony don't give a f
Bucky don't care for it either
Russian Pet Names
Comrade thirst
NOT a lemon
rated for the swearing
and the making out
A little
Civil War Team Iron Man
Plus Bucky
not team Cap friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

