Work Text:
.
Day 19 - Oral Sex.
.  "Now. I know you can do better than that."Tony gasped, spread out on his back with his legs bent over the back of the sofa that he was laying on. The burning need inside of his stomach bubbled as he tried hard to catch his breath, his head hanging just off of the edge of the seats while he gagged and bucked over them. Loki lowered himself down just a little further; pressing on his throat, which would really not helping.Note to self: Never, ever, go into heat when Loki was around.He hadn't even thought of it like that, though. With all the anger and jealously between the brothers, he'd always assumed that Loki had been a beta, but even that would have been more than a bit dangerous to be so near to at the start of his heat. He should have just called the Avengers. Should have gotten someone else, anyone else, and should have stayed in his bed like any sensible Omega would have done - without even a smidgen of hesitation.But. Unfortunately. Tony had a certain way of thinking that let him justify going out at dusk to fight a villain when he could already feel his first heat cycle of the month building inside him.Still. Alternately, if he hadn't come out, he would never have gotten this.Loki's hands cupped around his face, lifting it from where it had been straining his neck, with his cock sliding over Tony's still parted lips. He coughed again, choking from the lack of air that he'd gotten since they'd started this, his wet lips shaking.Finding Loki had been easy. Walking right into a trap had been too. Without his suit, Loki had sensed his heat immediately, and apparently his magic was good for a lot of things - not just for taking down heroes out of the sky, and tearing their amour off.The tower had been deemed to inconspicuous after that, and with Tony half out of it with need, Loki's impatience had gotten the better of him, and he'd ended up tearing the door of a nearby house open; hiding it from view with a cloak when he'd found it empty.Tony's clothes had been torn and thrown almost everywhere and anywhere, whilst Loki still had most of his on. Only his legs were bare right now, not to mention his groin.Tony choked on his own breath again, turning his face away when it looked like Loki was about to push his cock through his lips. "Wait - "He still needed more time.Loki sighed, stroking one of Tony's cheeks lightly before suddenly striking it, hard. Tony yelped, squeezing his eyes on automatic and turning his face back around, opening his mouth dutifully. "There. That's better."He was praised, and for some reason, that sickeningly helped mull that burn inside him. What was wrong with him? He'd never embraced this side of being an Omega before, what was so different about this fucking Alpha?Loki wrapped his tight into Tony's hair, tugging him up and moving him to his will, while his lips stretched around that cock. Like everything about Loki, it was as large as his ego, and it felt like it too.With a groan, Loki crouched a little lower, moving Tony faster now until he gagged again; trying to pull back, "Oh no, I don't think so. I gave you enough time to recover, Stark. And if you waste any more of mine, I will leave you here - unsatisfied and begging."Oh God.Tony whined around him, closing his eyes and ignoring the bile that rose in his throat when Loki's cock slid further down; triggering his gag-reflex.He swallowed it down, swallowing again and again, deaf to the sounds of his own choking and listening only to the Alpha above him. To Loki's moaning, and his breathing as he thrusted into Tony's mouth.It was too much after a while though and Tony pushed at his thighs again, shoving himself backward and heaving in some air desperately.Loki took the time to recover himself, panting above him. He grabbed at Tony's face while he did, turning it and wiping the saliva that was over his lips everywhere with another hand. Tony's breath hitched as he pressed his lips shut, raising his own hands to push Loki's off.He was slapped again, making him shout, and Loki's hands gripped into his hair instead - forcing him to bend his head further backward. There was a crack as one of his bones popped, not exactly painful, but Loki paused anyway; raising an eyebrow."Oh dear," He pinned Tony's head in place with his legs, "Did that hurt?" It was the faux concern that did it. Tony kept his lips shut, but the smile didn't stop anyhow.He turned away to hide it, pressing his face into Loki's thigh. "Don't hide it, Stark." Loki hummed above him, as amused as he always was, "An Omega's place is to please it's Alpha. Accept it. Enjoy it."Okay. Backwards much? But still. Right now, in this situation, he really could enjoy this side to being an Omega. Rough treatment he'd had before, but not like this.This. This was -Loki pried his mouth open, shoving three fingers in until he actually brushed against Tony's uvula, making him almost fall off of the sofa with how hard he bucked. "Mm - !"Loki pulled the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rough Sex
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Loki
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Choking
Knotting
Enemies With Benefits
Tumblr request
Manhandling
puking
FaceFucking
Multiple Orgasms
Day 19: Oral sex
30 Day OTP Porn Challenge

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

