Work Text:
“One more stop,” Tony tells Peter as they climb back into the car. They’re running errands, which seems so mundane it’s almost disorienting.Peter just shrugs and doesn’t ask what it is, which is all the incentive Tony needs to turn right instead of the left they usually take to go home.Peter is lonely, Tony had confessed to Rhodey a few days before. The compound is big and empty and quieter than any New Yorker has ever experienced, and Peter isn’t handling the transition well.“Get a pet?” Rhodey had suggested, almost joking. Tony had blinked at him.“Like, a dog?”“Yeah, sure. Kid likes dogs, doesn’t he?”Tony thinks back to two months before, when Peter had crossed paths with a dog walker and insisted on petting every one of them—‘so it’s fair,’ he’d explained—while Tony stood by and watched him with raised eyebrows.“Yeah,” Tony had said.“Ok, get him a dog. Man’s best friend, and all that.”And so, here they are, pulling up outside the local animal shelter. (Tony would have gotten Peter any kind of dog he asked for, even some absurdly expensive purebred, but he knows Peter would rather adopt one. The kid is just that perfect.)Peter blinks at the sign, eyebrows furrowing. He turns to Tony.“You should know, I’m strongly against experimentation on animals,” he says bluntly.“Geez, kid, you think I’m not?” Tony asks, affronted. He scoffs and gets out of the car. “That’s not why we’re here. C’mon.”Peter follows, his face back to the completely blank mask he usually wore.The girl at the desk balks when Tony walks in, dropping the papers she’s organizing as she stares at him and Peter.“Um. Hi. How can I help you?” She asks, which is a fairly graceful recovery.Tony looks straight at Peter as he says, “We were looking to adopt a dog.”Peter blinks again, surprised, but there’s something almost impressed in his expression that tells Tony that this was a good idea.“Great,” The girl smiles, looking between Peter and Tony like she understands something Tony doesn’t. “Do you have a specific one in mind?”“Whichever one he wants,” Tony answers, nodding over at Peter.The worker leads them to the back, where the dogs are kept, and begins introducing Peter to every one, telling him their names and personalities. Tony keeps a few feet back and watches Peter dutifully absorb the information. He keeps his face neutral, because he knows if Peter looks back and sees him with any sort of unhappy expression, he’ll change his mind and possibly back out of the whole thing, afraid of upsetting Tony.They walk along the row of kennels, Peter spending a moment at each one, before pursing his lips and moving on to the next. They’re almost to the last of the dogs when Peter stops, peering into a large kennel.“This is Maggie,” the worker informs. “She’s part Scottish Deerhound, and… we don’t know what else, really. But she’s the smartest dog you’ll ever meet.”Peter’s mouth twitches into a smile. “She’ll fit right in,” he murmurs. The worker seems to take his reaction as a good sign, because she opens the cage and calls Maggie out. Tony’s jaw drops a little when the dog steps out. She’s a very big dog. But Peter immediately crouches down and begins scratching at her ears and grizzled nose, and Tony knows she’s the one.“She’s perfect,” Tony tells the girl.He’s filling out paperwork when he innocuously asks, “What are you going to name her?”Peter looks up at him, puzzled. “She already has a name.”“Yeah, but… Maggie?” Tony pulls a face. Peter shrugs, and looks back down to where he’s methodically petting Maggie, who’s looking at him with the canine equivalent of love at first sight.“It’s her name. Even if the people who named her that aren’t around anymore.”Tony swallows hard and looks away, meeting eyes with the employee and feeling uncomfortably exposed. She gazes at Tony with wide eyes before looking back at Peter.“She’ll need a lot of space to run around,” she warns.“That’s ok, we have plenty.” Peter probably means the nine acres of land that the compound sits on, but it makes Tony think of empty rooms. Tony wakes up to a truncated scream. He’s out of bed and stumbling for the door practically before he registers it.Peter’s door is ajar, the room beyond dark. Tony shoulders his way in, only to stop when the beam of light from the hallway faintly illuminates the room.Peter is curled on the bed with Maggie laying next to him, almost concealing him, her snout buried against his sternum. Her whines are so loud they almost drown out Peter’s ragged gasping. His hands are fisted in her fur.Tony feels incredibly out of place, and thinks he should probably leave. Any duty that he is meant to fulfil here, Maggie has beat him to, which is probably for the best.He takes one back-peddling step before Peter lifts a hand, holding it out to Tony. Almost as if magnetically pulled, Tony crosses the room and grasps the boy’s cold fingers. He has yet to lift his face from where it’s hidden, half in his pillow and half in the dog’s bulk.When Peter does not 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony adopts Peter
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
May dies before the story starts
Peter forgets he's a kid
Tony doesn't
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Father-Son Relationship
Panic Attacks
Past Character Death

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

