Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It started in a bunker.Or maybe it started years earlier with a foiled invasion and an offer for a drink.One way or another, it changed when dark black boots entered Tony’s field of vision before the God of Mischief was bending down and looking at him with eyes that burned and a vicious smirk. “My, my, Stark, how the mighty have fallen.”Tony had been broken, dying, angry so deeply, incredibly angry as he’d spat, “Here to finish the job?”“Oh no,” Loki told him, shaking his head softly. “Rather, I come to extend an offer, but we will need a change of scenery for that.”The demi-god extended his hand and placed it over Tony Stark’s damaged armour, and a moment later the ruined remains of Tony Stark and the trickster god who had found him had disappeared.
It took a few days for anyone to realise that Tony Stark was missing.It took almost two years for Thor to realise that his brother had ascended the throne of Asgard.
When Thor’s pitiful attempt to sneak onto Asgard was felt, the Gatekeeper came to Loki immediately, standing beside the throne and whispering the words into Loki’s ear. The mage had stiffened under his guise before sending away all who were in the room but his loyal Gatekeeper.On another day, Loki would have laughed at Thor’s attempt at subtlety, but the thunderer still held considerable sway over Asgard’s people. He was the loud voice that could rally the Aesir to his call and reveal Loki’s illusion, shattering all the mages plans in a single act. No, he couldn’t allow that... but, there were benefits to consider. Thor couldn’t be stopped, but manipulated? That was always a possibility.He allowed Thor’s attempts to continue in the end, dismissing the Gatekeeper with swift words and the beginning of a plan as he let Thor and his little group descend on the palace and slam open the doors of the great hall with dramatic ceremony.Loki found both familiar faces and weapons aimed at him as well as those he could not recall from his last encounter with the Midgardians warriors.Thor pointed his hammer at Loki, glaring. “Remove your illusion, brother. We know of who we face.”Loki debated for all of a moment before letting the disguise drift away as he lounged in his own form on the throne. “You face the King of Asgard.”“You are not King,” Thor spat.“Ah, but Odin sleeps, Frigga is dead and the heir has refused the throne,” Loki smirked. “I do believe I as the second son of Odin, have rightfully inherited.” He flicked his fingers over Gungnir, feeling the power of the magic flowing through his veins. “And, the law and magic of Asgard agree with me, brother.”Thor gritted his teeth but didn’t lower his hammer and his compatriots also remained tense and ready to attack. “The laws also states,” Loki continued darkly, “that mortals brought to Asgard without permission from the King should be killed.” Loki couldn’t stop himself from pitching his next words to carry to the dark, shadowed corners of the hall, his head tilting ever so slightly to the side, “Shall I kill them?”“What makes you think you’ll manage this time?” Loki’s former servant demanded, his bow never faltering but his eyes burning with hate.Loki let out a soft chuckle. “Before, little Hawk, I wanted you alive. But now,” and while Loki’s voice didn’t change, all good humour, all pleasantry slipped from his face to leave nothing but cold, dark malice, “I would rather have your agony.”“You will have nothing but a cell,” Thor growled, taking hostile steps closer, the Avengers flanking him even as Loki made no move to defend or protect himself.“I? The saviour of Asgard? The one who dragged it from the ruinous mess that was left in the wake of the Dark Elves? I brought order, I brought peace. I formed a council that will bring Asgard to prosperity once more. But you? Where were you, Thor Odinson?” Loki’s words were sharp by the end and he had lent forward slightly, glaring at his adopted brother before skimming his eyes over the mortals. “With your little pets? The ones who fight amongst themselves and kill their supposed shield-brothers? What brave and loyal allies you have surrounded yourself with.”“And who do you have, Loki?” Thor demanded. “A council who knows not the face they deal with! But, a battle and a disagreement? There is honour to be had in a war, there is-”The dark, low laughter that came from behind the throne made Thor stop. It also made half of the Avengers readjust their stance to account for an additional enemy.“Take my word for it, Point Break,” a new voice, a familiar voice spoke, making each Avenger’s eyes widen as Tony came from behind the throne, a hand resting on the back of the chair by Loki’s shoulder. “There’s nothing good in a war.”He stood at Loki’s right side--his right hand--his clothing that of red, gold and brown Aesir finery and his back straighter, his head held higher. The wrinkles in his face and the grey in his hair se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Angry Tony Stark
Dark Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Loki Posing as Odin
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has Issues
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Angry Loki (Marvel)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
King Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Gatekeeper Tony
Revenge
Established Relationship
Implied Sexual Content
Sakaar (Marvel)
Developing Relationship
Falling In Love
Wordcount: 10.000-30.000
Possessive Behavior
Asgard
Dubious Morality
Moral Ambiguity
Affection

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

