Chapter 1





Chapter Text
    After six months of living at the Avenger’s tower, you still couldn’t quite believe it was all real. You’d been helping the Avengers off and on for the last couple of years after you had come on their radar for healing Clint during a mission when you were fifteen. You didn’t go advertising your abilities. It was dangerous to do so, and scared your foster parents when they inevitably found out, but when Clint had gotten shot on a mission not five feet away from you, it was impossible not to go to him and heal his wounds.    After that, the Avengers would pop by occasionally, track you down when they needed healing. Bruce was surprisingly your most often visitor, since your abilities included calming his panic attacks. So you hadn’t been terribly surprised to see Avengers stopping by to bother you between classes, on your way to and from school, or out at the mall with your friends. At least they were always gracious on giving out autographs after you healed whatever trouble they had found themselves in. You didn’t mind healing them, plus Tony had promised you a job after you turned 18 and graduated from high school.    You did start learning sign language so you could yell at Clint for always getting injured even after he took out his hearing aids.    Everything was going just fine until about six months ago when Thor came to find you, asking ever so politely to be healed. He had gotten his arm slashed open pretty deeply. You smiled and did the healing as usual. “Thank you, Lady Y/N” he bid you kindly as you got to work, placing a green glowing hand against his wound. It knit itself closed in a moment. Thor was giving you an odd look, though.    “Is something wrong?” you asked when the healing was done. “Is there another wound?” He hadn’t seemed more wounded and you didn’t see any other injuries.    “I know an illusion when I see one, Lady,” he commented carefully. You felt the color drain from your face. How had he known that you were wearing an illusion? “Please drop it,” he was holding your wrist so you couldn’t flee. You sighed and let the illusion drop, letting him see the massive bruise on your face and your black eye. “Who did this?” he demanded. You could hear the anger behind his words. “Do not think to lie to me, Lady. I have dealt with the god of lies my entire life,”    Damn. You were trapped into giving him an answer. “My foster father,” you mumbled. “It’s ok. I shouldn’t have upset him!” you protested quickly before his anger could rise. You had jumped foster families so many times over the years. This one was no different than the rest.    “This is certainly not ok,” he commented. He pulled you closer, wrapping his strong arm around you, holding you to him tightly, before you could protest. He swung Mjolnir around a few times and took to the skies, bringing you with him whether you wanted to or not. You did the only sane thing you could at that juncture and wrapped your arms around his muscled form. Flying was not one of your skills.    Thor had flown you to the Avengers tower. He landed on Tony’s landing platform and led you inside. There was no choice but to follow him. “Jarvis, assemble the others,” Thor ordered as you were led into a giant livingroom.    “Thor, I’m fine!” you protested again. He just gave you a look and you quickly shut up. He wasn’t going to believe you. You didn’t want to cause more trouble, or get kicked to another foster home.    “Thor? What’s going on?” Cap asked as he entered the room. He was followed quickly by the rest of the Avengers. The word ‘assemble’ wasn’t taken lightly around here it seemed. You tried to hide behind Thor, to avoid being noticed, but that was impossible, even though Thor was huge. “Why’d you bring Y/N here? I thought we weren’t bringing her in until she was of age...”    Thor pushed you out from behind him so everyone could see the bruise on your face. “She is not safe with those...foster guardians,” Thor’s voice was a deep growl. He was pissed and you wished yet again that you could heal yourself and not just others. None of this would have happened if you could.    The next instant there was a whirlwind of activity. Tony called Pepper mentioning something about lawyers. Soon you found yourself in a car with Natasha in a procession of vehicles that held all of the Avengers in uniform. One of the cars held Pepper and Tony’s very expensive lawyers. You and Natasha went up to the room you shared with three other kids to pack your small suitcase of belongings. Your foster parents wisely signed you over, or however it worked with the lawyers, to the care of the Avengers and you moved into the tower that very day.    You didn’t go on many missions with the team yet. Tony and more importantly Cap wanted you to graduate from high school before you joined full-time. No one in Shield argued with them on that point either. So you mostly earned your keep by healing up the team when they came back from their missions.    It
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Fluff
Romance
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Post-Battle of New York (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

