Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
In hindsight, Tony probably should have done more research before he recruited Spider-Man. But in hindsight, he probably should have done a lot of things differently.Knocking on the front door of a dingy apartment in Queens on a Wednesday afternoon, he wasn't thinking about the kid’s background, or how young he was, or why he decided to become a superhero. He was just desperate, he needed more allies, and he wanted to find him before Captain America did.It was entirely selfish, and he knew it. He had almost come to expect it from himself at this point.What he did  not  expect was for the woman who answered the door to be as attractive as she was—a gorgeous Italian woman with short brunette hair and deep brown eyes. He  also did not expect her surprised expression to immediately morph into anger.Before he even got the chance to say hi, the door was already being slammed back in his face. He quickly jammed his foot in the threshold before she could completely shut it, leaving a slight gap for him to peek through.“Um, hello ma’am,” he greeted. “Perhaps we started off on the wrong foot. I'm Tony Stark.”“Oh, I know  exactly  who you are,” the woman huffed, turning away from the door to stomp into the rather small kitchen.Tony hesitantly opened the door further and peeked inside. The apartment was small but homey. Lots of photographs adorned the walls, the furniture was worn but comfortable-looking and brightly colored, and a big window overlooked the Queens skyline. It was modest, and so unlike what he grew up with, but it was charming.The woman was putting a kettle on the stove, resolutely ignoring Tony. Her movements were stiff and tense. Tony stepped inside and closed the door behind him gently. He felt rather out of place in his expensive suit. He straightened out his jacket self-consciously and walked over to the kitchen island.“You shouldn't have come here,” the woman said tersely, scrubbing angrily at a mug in the sink.“I'm sorry for the intrusion, Ms. Parker—”“May,” she corrected. “Call me May.”“Right, May,” Tony amended. “But your son has qualified—” “Nephew,” she interrupted again, sounding somehow even more agitated.“Your  nephew  has qualified for a grant from the September Foundation.”May threw the rag in the sink and spun around to squint at Tony. “Excuse me?”Again, not the reaction Tony was expecting. “What?”“What grant? I don’t know about a grant.”“Uh, well… he applied for it. I’ve sent him emails, but he didn’t respond, so I figured I’d come over to hash it out in person. It’s very prestigious—”“Oh, you just thought you’d  stop by  to offer him a grant? Is that your best excuse?”Tony made a face.  “What?” “You know, you have a lot of nerve, ignoring us for fifteen years and then waltzing back out of the blue…  why?  What's in it for you?”Tony blinked, perplexed.“I'm sorry, are we on the same page here? Your son—sorry, nephew—applied for a grant? I'm just here to ask about an opportunity for him to travel to Germany with me.”“Germany? With  you?”  May laughed sarcastically.  Okay, this wasn’t going well. Tony had no idea what May was so angry about, but it was probably something she had seen on the news. Tony had been getting a lot of bad press recently, but geez… you’d think she’d be more excited about the grant.“Yes, for the… Stark Internship Retreat…” he trailed off.“Okay, enough. Tell me what this is really about,” May snapped.
 Did she know about Spider-Man? 
“I’m sorry, am I missing something?” he asked, choosing to play aloof for now.May stared at him and cocked her head, as if she were trying to figure him out. She seemed to come to a conclusion as she placed her hand on her hip.“You don't know, do you?”“Uhh… know what?”May closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She opened her mouth to speak again, but at that moment the door handle jiggled and both their heads snapped to the entrance as a young kid entered the apartment wearing a hoodie and a pizza T-shirt.“Hey, Aunt Ma…”His voice immediately trailed off as he noticed Tony Stark standing in front of him. His eyes widened comically and he dropped his backpack to the floor and took out his headphones, staring in confusion and awe. Tony quirked a smile. At least the kid wasn’t hostile too.“Hey, Mr. Parker,” he greeted casually. He could feel May glaring at him from behind the counter.“Um, what… what are you doing… I… hey! I… I… I’m Peter,” the kid stuttered, his expression alternating between a beaming smile and complete panic. He fidgeted with the strings on his hoodie before wrapping his arms around his chest self-consciously.“Tony,” he nodded in reply.“W-what are you doing here?” Peter asked in exasperation.“I’m here about the grant,” Tony gave him a meaningful look. “Did you get my emails?”Peter looked lost and Tony threw in a couple of what he prayed were subtle winks his way. May was already scrutinizing him enough, he hoped his head wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Biological Dad AU
Father-Son Relationship
Fluff
Angst
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
starts off at civil war and goes from there
tony didn't know he had a son
Guilt
PTSD
tony has 99 problems and he just got a 100th one
protective May
Panic Attacks
Hurt Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

