Work Text:
Steve is on the comms when it all goes down. He's been acting as Bucky's handler more and more often, since the men upstairs decided that Agent Rogers and his big, brilliant tactical brain were too valuable to risk out in the field. So when it happens, Steve hears.Steve hears the hitch in Bucky's breathing that means he's in trouble, and he hears Bucky taking more blows than he lands, and he hears Bucky go down with a heavy thud that says he's unconscious.	When Director Fury tells Steve, "Agent Barnes has been taken," Steve already knows.–It was just a straightforward extraction—simple, or simple enough. Nothing that should have given someone like Bucky any trouble. It was a straightforward mission—get in, and get out with information. Steve planned it himself.Except nothing was simple, and Bucky was in trouble, and Steve wasn't there, and Bucky was scared and he is never afraid, and—The search is mobilized within an hour-and-a-half. Steve is not to be involved in any capacity. The first video comes two days later. They won't let Steve see, won’t let Steve anywhere near it, and he skulks outside the conference room, trying to catch a whisper of something through the heavily-soundproofed walls.Agent McKenzie finds him later, when Steve is frowning into a cup of coffee. (He can't sleep, and he's exhausted). McKenzie has a flash drive. "Is this really something that you want to see, Rogers?"Steve can't keep the surprise from his face. McKenzie's a good agent—they respect each other. But as far as Steve knows, McKenzie doesn't like him (or anybody else, for that matter)."That shocked look does not become you, Rogers. You have more of a stake in this than anyone, so you should be the one looking for him. If you think you can handle it."Steve takes the drive without hesitation. "I have one question—why would you do this for me?""To the men and women in that conference room, Barnes is a box of state secrets the enemy might unlock if they don't get it back fast enough. I, for one, would bet on the highly-trained agent looking for his boyfriend."Steve sputters cold coffee. He and Bucky have done everything, everything in their power to hide that particular piece of information from their bosses. "You know about that?"McKenzie laughs—a cocky and incredulous sound. "Oh, Please. I am a trained C.I.A. operative. You have to restrain yourself from proposing on the spot whenever he smiles, and he is no better. Quite possibly the worst-kept secret since J. Edgar Hoover. Now, you and I both have work
to do.""Thanks," Steve says, with a small wave of the hand holding the flash drive.McKenzie acknowledges him with a nod. "I will keep you updated. Do the same for me."–Bucky takes a beating like the professional he is, and there's a small part of Steve, amid all the horror, that is proud. The brutal, calculated blows to Bucky's midsection hardly appear to faze him. He's cuffed to a chair, but he still looks like he's in control. Only someone who knows him as well as Steve would be able to tell that he's in pain.The face of the person administering the beating is not visible. A voice asks Bucky questions from off-screen, in English that is carefully midwestern and flat. The accent is almost perfect, but it falls just short of the mark to Steve's trained ear. If he could just place—–"I need a dialect specialist," Steve says.McKenzie frowns, dramatic eyebrows furrowing."So you don't know anyone?""No, I know the perfect person," McKenzie says, rubbing his temple. "An FBI agent with a number of such valuable skills."Steve stares at him for a while, but no explanation for McKenzie's sudden consternation comes. "...But you can't stomach the thought of asking an FBI agent for help?"McKenzie snorts. "Inter-agency rivalries are foolish."“Wait, your dialect specialist is FBI, and not part of something more...international?”“She is quite contrary,” McKenzie says. Steve fiddles with his watch -- a poor idea, since the thing is some kind of elaborate spy gadget the agency has been testing out. "So you don't think your friend will want to help with an unsanctioned investigation?""No," he says, rather sour. "She would rather enjoy the unsanctioned nature of the investigation. I, however, would not enjoy risking her career."Steve studies his McKenzie's face with growing comprehension. "It's all right if you want to leave your friend out of it. I'll find someone else.""Were she to ever find out that I left her out of an investigation because I wanted to protect her, she would make her best attempt at skinning me alive," McKenzie says. "And she would find out."–Special Agent Emma Frost of the FBI takes one bored look at the video footage, and says, "Chechnya. The men interrogating your...friend," she pins Steve with a knowing glance, her eyes unnaturally blue and piercing, "are from Chechnya."Steve tries to speak, but she cuts him off."They're on a schedule. The men interrogating him need the information soon. They're going to panic," F
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Hurt/Comfort
Mystery
Non-Graphic Violence
Aftermath of Torture
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Spies & Secret Agents
Snark
Not-So Secret Relationship
Suspense

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

