Chapter 1



Summary:

If this is your first time here, hi! Thank you for stopping by. The warning for "Rape/Non-con" was added by me once the 21st chapter was published - please take note of warnings I incorporate at the beginning of said chapter and the 23rd chapter of this fic. The asterisk (*) in the chapter titles as seen on the full list indicate consensual smut only - rape is not a kink in this fic.





Chapter Text




  
Part 1:

Darcy
 "Put your ear down close to your soul and listen hard." - Anne Sexton      Darcy figured she must be crazy.That’s the only explanation that stuck. Every snippet of that something that she kept in the back of her mind, she never told anyone about.Not her parents, not her friends growing up.Not any boy she had in her bed.The few boys she let get that close to her, she never told them the truth, that every kiss and touch was compared to something she couldn’t quite put a finger on.The lingering suspicion she had when she lost her virginity that she’d done this before. She knew it was impossible, so she put that down to some kind of insanity she could never admit to.The visions she had, the splices of something, were too vivid to be just her imagination. These weren’t things she pretended she was seeing.She saw hands, smiles, lips that she kissed in her dreams. She’d wake with her hand down the front of her panties and felt sad and alone.How could she suffer from heartache that she couldn’t rightly place?And yet she did.So she grew up confused, mostly. About her place in the world, about where she belonged. She was a flaky, drifting girl.And as a young woman she wasn’t any more settled.She met Jane and Erik and felt herself become… close.Close to just being.After Thor left for the second time, she and the intern moved in together.  But it didn’t last. Like everything else in Darcy’s life.She wasn’t too bitter about it, but missed the excitement Thor brought. The terrifying thrill of every moment that made her forget the confusing pictures, the strange dreams.So when Jane decided she was going to move to New York and work with Tony Stark after all, Darcy said yes the second Jane finished her sentence.To hell with whatever other safer opportunity that could possibly pop up.But when she met Captain America, face to face, he did a double-take.“Darlene?”Darcy felt her heart hammering, it roared in her ears.“Her name’s Darcy,” Jane corrected, looking confused, if not a little annoyed her assistant’s name hadn’t been properly remembered since she only introduced her a moment before.Rogers, Captain America, Steve – whatever Darcy was supposed to call him – faltered, gaping a little.“I’m sorry. You just look so much like someone I know.”Darcy blinked.“Someone I knew,” he amended.A fleeting look of realising this Darlene he knew was dead, like everyone else he knew from the 1940s. He quickly concealed his grief for their sakes, Darcy suspected.“I’m sorry.”He left without another word, and Darcy felt like crying.She couldn’t figure out why.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Soulmates
Time Travel
Fate & Destiny
OT3
Polyamory
Loss of Virginity
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Heavy Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Period-Typical Homophobia
Consensual Underage Sex
Group Sex
Infidelity
Skinny!Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Mutual Pining
First Time
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Double Penetration
Magical Realism

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

