Work Text:
Clint sat slouched in the chair before Coulson's desk, arms crossed over his chest, scowl fixed firmly in place. He'd had this conversation before--never with Coulson, but only because, despite working together often, Coulson had only been his official handler for three months--and he was done being polite about it.
"You've just come off a week of leave," Coulson said, and this was already familiar, "and yet you're just as tense and bottled up as you were before." Coulson gave him a long look. "If not more so."
"I don't like being idle," Clint said shortly. "You want me relaxed? Give me my fucking bow and something to shoot."
"As much as I hate to bring alignment into this--" Coulson ventured, and yup, they were sticking to the script, "are you sure you were characterized correctly?"
Clint blinked and straightened up, because that was different. "What do you mean?" he asked, because surely Coulson couldn't be suggesting--
Coulson frowned and nudged the papers of Clint's file, on the desk in front of him, into a neater stack. "I've just never met a Personal Submissive who gets more ease from working than they get from a session with their dom, not even those who are also Professionally Dominant, as you are."
"I don't have a dom," Clint said. Did all his handlers assume he was partnered? Christ, that would explain a lot. "I'm single."
Coulson stared at him for a moment. "But...the Service," he said. "And you're thirty-six years old. I've never met anyone over the age of twenty who wasn't at least casually partnered."
"Thanks for reminding me what a freak I am," Clint snapped, stomach twisting. "How do you not know all this shit? My entire profile is in my file."
"It's there for completeness," Coulson said, "but most handlers don't look past the summary score unless it becomes mission relevant, for reasons of privacy."
Clint rubbed both hands over his face, then sighed. "Suddenly a few things make a lot more sense. Well, apparently it's become mission relevant. Go ahead." He waved a hand at his file. "Read it."
Coulson looked at him for a long moment. Clint was normally pretty protective of his privacy, but fuck, it really was mission relevant, and if he couldn't trust Coulson to be professional about it, then who could he trust? Clint had been so fucking pleased when his promotion three months ago had made him senior enough to be assigned to Coulson permanently; he'd hoped they wouldn't have the same sort of friction Clint had had with his other handlers. This wasn't how he'd expected to resolve that, but whatever. So Clint nodded confirmation and watched while Coulson flipped his file open and turned to a section near the end.
Clint knew what it said, of course. The Service, which matched doms and subs, had made cataloging their needs systematic. There were three scales: Personal Alignment, Professional Alignment, and Complexity. The first two were a scale of 0 to 10 rating your alignment in your private life and in interactions at work or with strangers, with 0 being most submissive and 10 being most dominant. Clint was 0/8 (Personal/Professional), which was weird enough--there were plenty of Personal Subs who were Professionally Dom and vice versa, but the swing was normally around four points, maybe six if you were pushing it. Clint had never met anyone else with an eight point swing. But on top of that, there was his Complexity score.
Complexity was the polite name for "degree of kinkiness". The Service kept a list of all the kinks, fetishes, and paraphilias enjoyed by the doms and subs registered with them. People were pretty inventive, which made it an ever-growing list, so while The Service had each member's complete list of kinks cataloged (and fuck, but getting through that set of check boxes every five years took forever), Complexity was, ironically, simplified. Instead of a score out of several hundred, they split the big list of kinks into six parts. Part one was twenty of the most common kinks, and you got one point for each one that you were into. Parts two through six were themed groups of the rest of the big list, and you got one point for each group that you had any kinks in. So a score of 25 meant that you were into all twenty common kinks, plus at least one in each of the themed groups.
Generally speaking, the closer you were to either end of the Personal Submissiveness scale, 0 or 10, the higher your Complexity score was. With a Personal rating of 0, Clint would normally be expected to have a Complexity score of at least fifteen. He once met a woman with a personal rating of 1 whose Complexity was just 5, and she was pretty sheepish about it.
Clint's Complexity score was 2. (Exhibitionism and come play, for the record.) There were things he didn't mind, particularly, but they didn't turn him on.
Sometimes, Clint hated The Service, because if they weren't so fucking good at matching up doms and subs, maybe Clint would be able to find someone willing to work with his odd alignment
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - D/s
Power Dynamics
Relationship Negotiation
Made For Each Other
Exhibitionism
Come play
insertables
Anal Plug

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

