Chapter 1: Steve Rogers
    


Notes:
As a consequence of the first story in this series, Bucky was found early on - before the brainwashing could really set in.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers did not like the 21st Century.The only nice thing was that he woke up to Bucky sitting by his bedside. Bucky’s explanation for still being alive had been brisk. ‘I landed in a particularly deep river, then I was captured by HYDRA. Howard and his family found out after the war and pulled me out of there.’It annoyed Steve a little. Don’t get him wrong, he was grateful to Howard. But Howard was an engineer. He was meant for building weapons, not going on rescue missions himself. Steve should have been the one to save Bucky. He should have dived after him back when it happened, and then maybe all those bad things wouldn’t have happened.The worst thing about this century, though, was the lack of respect.Nobody knew who Captain America was. It was disgraceful! Children shrugged it off as something their grandparents knew about, but they didn’t really care. Adults had considered him – and he knew because one man said it to his face – a living advertisement from a bygone era. As if that was all Steve had been! Just a piece of living propaganda? Just the dancing monkey? Had they no respect for his sacrifice?Bucky hadn’t seemed concerned. ‘There was a radio show for some time after you crashed, but it kind of...faded off. Most shows do. Then the Korean Conflict came along. Howard didn’t see the point of reviving it.’‘Howard?’ Steve had been confused. What did Howard have to do with it?‘The army and US government invented the legend of Captain America around you, Stevie,’ Bucky said. ‘After the war, they sold the rights to it to Howard so they didn’t have to worry about maintaining your image. When the Korean Conflict broke out in 1950, not a lot of people considered it a war so Howard figured the point of using the Captain America image and message was moot in point. Then during the Vietnam War, 20 years later, there was a lot of anti-war sentiment so Howard put it through his PR guys. They came to the conclusion that reviving the story of Captain America wouldn’t encourage anyone to enlist – in fact it’d do the exact opposite.’Steve was appalled. ‘What? Did we get a generation of cowards?’‘No, Steve.’ Bucky later showed him the infamous Napalm photo. ‘You asked why people didn’t want to enlist for the Vietnam War. It’s because they saw images like this.’Steve took the photograph and looked at it. It was startling to look at, certainly, a group of children – one little girl without a stitch of clothing on her – running from some kind of dust cloud with openly horrified looks on their faces. In the background, soldiers calmly walked behind them.‘But, Buck, this is obviously staged!’ Steve insisted. ‘I mean, why would they show a bunch of kids running towards a camera like this?’Bucky had rolled his eyes. ‘Turn on a TV, Steve.’ Then he’d stormed out.Steve had decided to start showing people who Captain America was. As he was living in Brooklyn, he was limited to New York – for now. As there were no Nazis to fight, Steve went after criminals. He saved a lot of people. It confused him, however, why all people talked about was the people he couldn’t save.‘What are you doing?’ Bucky had demanded the first time he’d done it. ‘There are people who are trained for that kind of stuff, Steve! You can’t just go charging in!’‘I can’t sit here, Buck. I have to go out and save people. The people have to know that Captain America is here to protect them.’‘You dropped the side of a building on 17 people!’‘No, the criminals used a bomb and did that. I can’t save everyone, but more people would have died if I hadn’t been there.’Bucky had given him the strangest look, and left.After a few more missions, Bucky came to him. Apparently, he’d come around. ‘I’ve been asked to give to an invitation to Avengers Tower.’‘What Tower?’ Steve asked.‘Avengers Tower. It’s the building that the Avengers work out of.’‘What are the Avengers?’‘Have you turned on a TV at all?’ Bucky asked. ‘The Avengers are an International Response Team for threats of superhuman or higher levels. They’re headed, funded, and outfitted by Tony Stark.’Well, about time! ‘Tony Stark?’Bucky sighed in exasperation. ‘Anthony Stark – Howard Stark’s son. Everyone calls him Tony.’So Steve went to the Tower, absolutely convinced he’d see the awe he’d been expecting since he woke up in the 21st century. Instead, people barely seemed to notice him as they worked. Bucky led him into the lift. There were no buttons and the lift started moving automatically. Steve nearly jumped out of his skin when a British-accented voice came from above.‘Good morning, Sergeant Barnes.’‘Morning, JARVIS. Is Tony running late?’‘No. He organised his schedule with Miss Potts so that he would have no interruptions to this meeting.’‘Thank you,’ Bucky 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man Movies) & James "Bucky" Barnes
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Canon Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Steve Friendly
Not Captain America Friendly
Steve has been forgotten over time
and he's not taking it well
Team Tony

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Jarvis (Iron Man Movies) & James "Bucky" Barnes
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Steve Rogers

