Work Text:
Perhaps Peter shouldn’t have done it, but he couldn’t help himself, even if it meant getting on the bad list of kids that made Flash look like Mary Poppins. When he saw the group of boys beating on a little freshman, he’d tried to stop them and gotten a black eye for his efforts. That hadn’t been what had angered them, though. It was when he’d left and came back with a teacher that they’d ground their teeth and glared furiously at him, and he knew he was in for a good one.They caught him after lunch the next day as he was hurrying to Spanish class, trying to make it there before the bell. The hall had nearly emptied when he was grabbed and thrown against a water fountain, his ribs screaming as they took the brunt of the shove. He thought for a moment about fighting back; he knew he could hold his own if he tried, but it wasn’t worth it, he decided. They wanted to hurt him. If they didn’t get that, they’d keep trying until they succeeded. Might as well take the beating and get it over with.He let out a sharp breath as he was rammed to the ground, his head connecting painfully with the tile floor. A heavy boot cracked into his ribs once, twice, then three times, and Peter bit his lip so he wouldn’t shout. That was a mistake. A fist slammed his jaw, and his teeth tore viciously into his lip. He was sure that he was bleeding. He tried to scramble to his feet, but he was struck back down by a blow to his abdomen that forced the air from his lungs. A fist drove into his nose and he heard it crack; more blood spouted from his face. He writhed, gasping, as hits battered him, and then it was over, though the boys jeered at him before they left. At least it was quick.As he waited to get his breath back, he hoped that some of the pain would subside, but he wasn’t so lucky. It just got worse as he dragged himself to his feet, leaning into the lockers and squeezing his eyes shut as his head spun. He staggered for the front doors, nearly falling down the concrete steps outside. He gripped the railing and sucked in air greedily, clutching at his profusely-bleeding nose and lip. His shirt was covered, the red bright on gray fabric. He tried to start walking home, but his legs wouldn’t work. They buckled, leaving him slumped at the bottom of the steps. He pulled out his phone as a last resort.“Hello?” Bucky’s voice was gruff, as usual.“Hi,” Peter said faintly.“Peter? You’re supposed to be in class.”“Yeah.”“Is something wrong?” Bucky asked, sounding more worried that Peter had ever heard him.Peter cleared his throat. “Can you come get me?”Something clattered on the other end of the line, and Peter could hear Bucky’s footsteps start up. “I’ll be there in five.”Peter began to hang up, but Bucky kept talking.“Where are you?”“Outside.”“Outside your school?”Peter nodded before realizing Bucky couldn’t see him. “Yeah.”“What do you need to make cookies.”Peter blinked. Maybe the kids messed up his hearing. “Huh?”“What do you need to make cookies,” Bucky repeated, his voice firm.“I don’t know,” Peter murmured. He noticed that his hand holding the phone was shaking slightly. Huh.“Peter,” Bucky said sharply. “Try.”“Uh, alright. Flour. Eggs. Sugar…” He bit his lip like he usually did when he was thinking and regretted it instantly, taking several quick breaths as pain flashed through his mouth and put spots in his eyes. The gash in his lip started to bleed more quickly again, and he lost track of time.“Peter!” Bucky barked, sounding like it wasn’t the first time that he’d said Peter’s name.“Yeah,” Peter exhaled.“Almost there. I need you to keep talking.”“Flour, eggs, sugar,” Peter said thickly. “Butter.”“Baking soda. Vanilla,” Bucky supplied.“Chocolate chips,” Peter said.“I’ll make you cookies when we get home.”“You will?”“Promise. You can hang up now.”Peter ended the call and looked up to see Bucky darting across the road, coming to a halt above Peter and crouching down. He nudged Peter’s chin up to get a good look at his lip, then gently felt the back of Peter’s head for knots. Peter hissed when his fingers brushed the forming bruise. “Sorry,” Bucky murmured. “What day is it, Peter?”“Tuesday.”“Full name.”“Peter Benjamin Parker.”“Age.”“Sixteen. I don’t have a concussion, I’m fine.”“Any nausea.”“No.”“Headache.”“Not really.”“Dizziness.” “A little. But that’s only one symptom.”Bucky frowned, then pulled a tiny flashlight from his pocket and shined it in Peter’s eyes. Peter blinked, but didn’t flinch.“Alright,” Bucky relented. “Let’s go home.”Peter gasped in a breath as Bucky helped him to his feet, and was surprised when Bucky stopped him as he started to walk.“We’re taking a cab. I don’t want you walking back.”“You don’t like cabs,” Peter said, leaning on Bucky a little. His body hurt, though he didn’t want to admit it.“I think I’ll manage,” Bucky replied, slightly dry. He lifted his flesh hand to hail a cab, keeping his metal arm firmly around Peter’s waist. A yellow cab pulled across a lane of traffic, earning a loud honk, an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Bullying
Peter Gets Beaten Up
Angst
Superfamily
injuries
Cuddling & Snuggling
Protective!Bucky
Steve flails around worriedly
Parent Tony Stark
Peter is a soft bean in oversized pajamas
art included

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes

