Chapter 1: Boy Discovers Cam Boys
    




Chapter Text


People assumed modern technology intimidated and confused Steve. People also assumed he was a wholesome Boy Scout who didn’t curse, never had sex and always followed the rules. People were fucking wrong. Like this asshole SHIELD agent sitting next to Steve right now.“As you can see, Captain Rogers, the browser here allows us to access different pages on the World Wide Web - that’s the more formal name for the internet,” Jake or Jeff  said, finger pointing at the computer screen. Truth be told, Steve forgot the name as soon as he realized the agent was a condescending prick.“Oh! So they have the internet on computers now,” Steve said, all fake excitement and glee. He was really enjoying fucking with Justin. And if John was too stupid to catch a Simpson’s quote, all the better.Jack looked over at Steve, a mix of pity, confusion and horror on his face.“Of course it’s on computers, sir. That’s the only way to access it!”It took almost all of Steve’s super strength not to roll his eyes. This was a monumental waste of his time.For some reason, Phil Coulson thought Steve needed lessons on using the web. And because Steve didn’t want people to know how tech savvy he was, he agreed to these sessions with Joe. Tony had offered but Phil was afraid he would show Steve ”unseemly websites” in an attempt to corrupt him. Steve  had rolled his eyes at that one.And now here he was, stuck with Josh explaining concepts Steve mastered ages ago. With a Power Point presentation. That included slide transition animation. They were on slide 5 of 50 and Steve was already sick of star outlines giving way to more slides.“Is it possible to move this lesson along a little faster?” Steve asked, trying to keep the desperate need to escape out of his voice.“With all due respect, Captain Rogers, the Internet is a very important part of the modern world. Learning about it cannot be rushed. While you were hailed as a brilliant strategist in your day, I think I’m better equipped to set the pace of these lessons.”Steve imagined the crunch of Jason’s glasses underneath his fist before counting slowly to ten.“I’m aware of the internet’s importance. I’m just more of a hands on learner and this slideshow isn’t helping me.”“Well we do have a few videos I could show you. You had moving pictures in your day, right?” Jeremy asked.Steve let his head fall forward, pinching the bridge of his nose. Jackson was  really tap dancing on his last nerve. Where the fuck did Phil find this guy?“Yes, we had the moving pictures. And talkies too,” Steve spat out, “But a video isn’t necessary. I think it’s better if I just play around for a bit and figure it out for myself.”“I’m not sure you’re ready to try browsing around on your own. Maybe we should go over the history of the internet again. Just to make sure you understand the concept, sir.”Nope. That was it. Steve could only be polite for so long.“That’s okay, Agent...uhmmm...”“Just Jasper will do, Captain Rogers.”“I’m sure you have better things to do than show me all of this,” Steve waved his hands in the direction of the computer, “You’ve been very helpful and I’m sure I can figure out the Google thingie on my own,” he said. Steve got up, plastering his show girl smile on his face as he headed for the door.“But sir, Coulson was adamant you be brought up to speed on the technology of today,” Jasper called out.“And I’ll tell him you did a great job!” Steve shouted over his shoulder, beating a hasty retreat.Steve couldn’t really fault Jasper for his attitude. People accepted the old Captain America propaganda as the Gospel of Steve Rogers. It never occurred to them that Captain America was just an image the government used to sell war bonds. So they (wrongly) assumed advances of the 21st century would be too much for him to understand.Not that Steve cared. Those assumptions got him out of doing a lot of things: SHIELD paperwork (Coulson assigned him an assistant after he saw Steve squint and peck at a keyboard for a few minutes), clothes shopping (a well placed “I think I accidentally bought rainbow leg warmers online,” motivated Natasha to take over filling up his closet), even paying for his own food and drinks (Tony didn’t like holding up a line, so he often pushed Steve out of the way and paid for them himself). It was a racket Steve intended to exploit for the foreseeable future.After escaping Jasper, Steve headed back to Brooklyn. When the dust settled from the Chitauri invasion, SHIELD offered to find Steve a place in Manhattan but he politely declined. He knew they would try to keep tabs on him (emphasis on try). The last thing he wanted was an apartment kitted out with surveillance equipment, monitoring his every move. It was bad enough they placed an operative across the street from him. Steve was kind of insulted they thought he wouldn’t figure out Nurse Sharon was a SHIELD agent.He turned his motorcycle onto King Street, slowing down in front of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
past James "Bucky" Barnes/OMC

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bisexual Steve Rogers
steve rogers - Freeform
James "Bucky" Barnes - Freeform
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Nerd Bucky Barnes
Who Also Happens to Be a Cam Boy
Cybersex
Misunderstandings
Humor
Smut
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Fluff and Smut
Dirty Talk
Sex Toys
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Bottom!Bucky
Top Steve Rogers
top!steve
Original character discussed in Chapter 4 suffers from internalized homophobia
discussion of past abusive relationship
Brief mention of depression
one brief homophobic phrase
Some temporary angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
past James "Bucky" Barnes/OMC

