Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 I had lived through sixteen harsh Nordic winters when the Asgardians came. I was my parents’ only daughter, my ten-year-old brother and I the only survivors of the five children they had had. Life for our primitive people was hard and often short, though I would not come to realize until later, when I had other civilisations to compare us with, either that we were primitive, or how much easier we might have had it. For sixteen years I had known nothing else – it was simply the way things were. The Asgardians arrived in the dead of night, waking the entire population of a couple of hundred as the legendary Rainbow Bridge, the Bifrost, delivered them into the centre of the village. We’d all heard tales of the gods descending to Earth, but never in living memory had it actually happened. We emerged from our homes frightened and awed. Were they here to reward us? To punish us? We were met with the sight of a small group of Asgardian soldiers, the Einherjar, clad in golden armour. Every one of them was taller by a head than the tallest man of the village, and they positively towered over me – I was short even for one of my own people. There could not have been more than twenty of them, but that was more than enough to wipe out the whole village should they wish to do so. These were not any of the deities we knew by name, but that made them no less powerful compared to our humble selves. The soldiers stirred, and from among them stepped an unarmoured Asgardian, red-haired, dressed in clothing finer than anything I had ever seen. A long whip was curled at his hip, alongside some sort of weapon I did not recognise. “I am Agmundr of Asgard,” he announced. “The Realm Eternal requires slaves. You will bring forward all your healthy young men and women, and I shall choose amongst them.” A low, resentful murmuring ran through the villagers. Slaves? I quivered with fear, knowing I was within the age range of those the slaver would want to examine. We had experienced raids in the past from various enemies, and they often took slaves, particularly young girls. Nobody spoke of what happened to them, but I could guess well enough. “You need not fear for their safety,” Agmundr went on. “They will be treated well. A slave on Asgard lives a better life than a commoner’s here.” “But here we are free!” one of the young men shouted boldly. I knew the voice – it was my neighbours’ son, Baldvin, a year older than myself. “Free?” Agmundr snorted. “Yes, free to starve to death, or to freeze in winter. To be killed in some petty quarrel with another tribe. To die of an illness or injury that could easily be cured on Asgard.” “Yet still, our lives are our own,” said Baldvin stubbornly. Agmundr moved towards him, pulling the unfamiliar weapon from his belt. He pressed it to Baldvin’s chest, and what looked like a tiny bolt of lightning crackled from it. Baldvin jerked backwards and fell to the ground, unconscious. “You live by the will of the gods,” declared Agmundr loudly, so we could all hear him. “Take heed. Do not dare to challenge us. Now bring forth all potential slaves!” The muttering among the villagers increased, and one or two of the men toyed with their swords, but no-one openly protested. There was no point. If we fought, we would simply be beaten into submission, and the slaves would be taken regardless. Better to comply. I was among those who stepped forward. I watched nervously as Agmundr moved through the crowd, looking people over, touching some, asking questions of others. When he selected someone, he would beckon to the Einherjar, and one of them would approach and guide the person back to their group. Eventually, Agmundr came to me. I glared at him defiantly for a few seconds, then dropped my gaze when he stared back impassively. “How old are you, girl?” he asked me. “I’ve seen sixteen winters,” I replied. “And are you a maiden?” I could feel myself blushing as I nodded. Did he have to ask such a personal question in front of everyone? Why did he even want to know? “Good. You’ll do.” Agmundr gestured to the Einherjar and moved on. My stomach clenched in horror as I turned to look at my family. They rushed forward and hugged me, my mother and brother weeping, my father struggling to hold back his tears. I hugged them back, trying to contain my own grief, until one of the soldiers seized me and dragged me away from them. Agmundr collected about thirty of us before he was satisfied. We were permitted to say a brief goodbye to our loved ones, though the still-unconscious Baldvin, who had also been chosen, was denied this last interaction. Then the slaver commanded us to hold onto one another, hoisting Baldvin himself and flinging him over his shoulder as though he were no more than a sack of grain. The Einherjar surrounded us, and Agmundr called down the Bifrost. The great blazing beam of light shattered the clouds and the silence of the night as it crashed out of the sky and engulfed us. I fel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character
Thor/Original Female Character
Loki/Thor/Original Female Character
Thor/Fandral/Volstagg/Hogun/Original Female Character

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dubious Consent
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
First Time
Loss of Virginity
Slavery
Sexual Slavery
Sharing
Threesome - F/M/M
Masturbation
Forced Orgasm
Come Swallowing
Master/Slave
Dom/sub
Shameless Smut
Eventual Romance
Creampie
Praise Kink
Loki is sweet
Voyeurism
Multiple Partners
Gangbang
Fivesome - F/M/M/M/M
Older Man/Younger Woman
69 (Sex Position)
Falling In Love
Thor has a big dick
He also IS a bit of a dick

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character
Thor/Original Female Character
Loki/Thor/Original Female Character
Thor/Fandral/Volstagg/Hogun/Original Female Character

