Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Nine months to the day that Stark quit the Avengers, Steve slammed his hands down on the kitchen table and cursed under his breath. The carefully organized stacks of paper he'd spread out across the table wavered and then, in slow motion, tumbled off the edge. Steve swore again as he watched them hit the floor, flooding out in all directions. It had taken him hours to get those documents into some semblance of order. Now he would have to start all over again. He clenched one hand into a fist with frustration."Steve? Are you okay?" Wanda peeked her head into the room, watching him with wide eyes. Steve immediately regretted swearing. He tried to watch his language when Wanda was around. Kids didn't need to hear that kind of talk."I'm fine. Just a little annoyed.""What's wrong? Maybe I can help." She stepped around the corner, looking at the mess. "It's Stark," Steve said, practically spitting the name. Once he and Tony Stark had been teammates, bordering on friends. Now Stark was nothing more than a pain in Steve's ass. "What did he do this time?""He pulled the funding he used to provide for public relations," Steve replied, still a little in shock at just how much something so simple could cost. He'd never really thought much about the media beyond how personally annoying they could be. The world thought well of the Avengers and they were allowed to do their jobs. That was all Steve cared about. Had he been pressed, he would've said that SHIELD took care of that.But he would've been wrong. It turned out that Stark Industries' Public Relations department had a hand in the Avengers' press before SHIELD fell, and, after SHIELD fell, they'd been responsible for all of it. Pepper Potts had sent Steve a tersely worded email five weeks ago stating that, effective in 30 days, she was eliminating the funding since Stark was no longer an Avenger. Now, two days after their last battle, Steve was staring down at a bill that he legitimately did not know how to pay. How the hell could it cost so much to make humanity think positively about their heroes?!"He can't do that!" Wanda said, looking indignant. "Natasha said we need that to keep doing our jobs. She said that if people start to think poorly of us, they won't ask for our help anymore.""I know. And believe me, I tried to explain that to Stark. But he wouldn't listen." Steve shook his head in renewed frustration. Talking to Stark lately was like trying to talk to a brick wall. Steve had no idea what his former teammate had turned into, but he didn't like it. Wanda bit her lip. "Do we have any money left?""Not a lot, but I'll figure it out," Steve said, trying to force a smile. Wanda didn't need to worry about things like money. He would talk to Natasha and see if she had any ideas. He hated the thought of going to the government or anyone for funding. That meant they would be beholden to someone. But without SHEILD, and with Stark selfishly withdrawing more funding by the week, they were running out of options. One or two more bills like this one and they'd have to shut the compound down."We could make Stark listen," Wanda said hesitantly, looking at him under her eyelashes."What?"She spread her hands, red mist wafting around her fingers. "Just a little. Until he starts thinking straight on his own.""Wanda! I can't believe you're suggesting that," Steve said, stunned. "We've told you that you're not allowed to use your powers unless it's necessary.""I would call this necessary," Wanda argued. "You brought me on the team and Stark quit because he couldn't get his way. You shouldn't reward him by letting him get away with this. We need that money, Steve. We need it to help people. Why should it just sit in Stark's bank account instead?"What Wanda was saying made sense, much as Steve hated to admit it. He still shook his head. "Brainwashing people is wrong. I'm not letting you do that.""Okay," Wanda said doubtfully. "If you really think we can get by without it." She waved a hand at the scattered papers. Steve watched as red tendrils of magic picked up every piece of paper and placed it gently back on the table in the order they'd fallen off. He had to admit, her control had increased greatly over the past six months. All the work that Sam and Natasha had been doing with her had done wonders."I think we can," Steve said firmly. "Thanks for your help."He considered the matter closed, refusing to even spare it another thought, until two weeks later when another email arrived from Potts. Steve read it with increasing dread and anger. This time, the email stated in simple terms that Tony Stark was no longer going to be looking after the Avengers' weapons and body armor (with the exclusion of the War Machine armor). The Avengers, Potts wrote, would have to put a tender out and wait for interested companies to speak up. Stark Industries, she wanted to let Steve know, and by extension Tony Stark, would not be one of those interested parties.Steve sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Ignores Civil War
takes place approximately 6-8 months after AOU
Tony Stark Has A Heart
tony stark is a consultant
tony stark quits the avengers
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
yes I'm using that tag even though this ignores civil war
wanda maximoff is a dangerous person
twist ending
the avengers want tony's money
but they don't want tony
tony stark setting boundaries
steve rogers is an idiot
Protective Stephen Strange
BAMF Tony Stark
actions have consequences
which is a lesson that neither steve nor wanda have ever learned
but man do they learn it in here
stephen strange has no patience for idiots
brief mention of trying to drive someone to suicide
Brainwashing
plans to brainwash someone
steve what were you thinking
oh wait you weren't thinking
i would almost label him narcisstic
steve rogers thinks everyone owes the world to him
most of all tony stark
pepper potts and stephen strange are here to show you that is not the case
the avengers don't want to do anything for themselves
it's easier when tony's money paves the way
Author is Bitter
The Author Regrets Nothing
wanda maximoff is not a child
plotting against tony stark
Truth Spells
Foiled Plans
major guilt trip
bucky barnes is not afraid to lay on a guilt trip
neither is natasha for that matter
Consequences
facing the consequences of your decisions
Protective Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
None
