Work Text:
Wade was sitting in the couch, empty plate on the seat next to him as credits rolled on the screen. As soon as he shut off the screen, he heard the loud clank of the fire escape and was on his feet in an instant. Peter was supposed to be stopping by after he was done at the lab, but he always used the front door. Something wasn't right. As he pushed the bedroom door open, he heard a squeaky voice yelling at him. “No, no, no don't come in!” It was too late, Wade was already inside the room, hand over his mouth as he stared, not knowing what to look at first. Peter was standing in front of him, small body swimming in his clothing. “What the hell happened?” It was Peter, but he was.. Tiny. If Wade had to guess, he'd say five feet.. Maybe. “I-I don't know.” Peter stuttered, his voice was high and Wade noticed small mole on his chin that he'd never seen before. “I was fine when I left the lab.” “Are you okay?” Wade took a step forward to check on him, but Peter backed away, putting his hands in front of him. His eyes were wide, cheeks were flushed and his long, curly hair clinged to his forehead as he shook his head. “What if it's contagious?” Wade ignored him, moving in. “Are you okay?” “Um.. I think so..?” Peter patted his chest before looking back up at Wade, startled at the new, even more pronounced height difference now that he was closer. “Have you looked in the mirror yet?” Wade questioned and Peter shook his head before glancing at the closet door. “You really need to see this.” Wade raised his eyebrows expectantly. Peter hesitantly walked across room, opening the door to reveal the full-length mirror on the other side. “What the-.. I knew I shrunk, I didn't know I was actually younger..” He stared at himself, taking in the long-forgotten gangly, awkward boy that he used to be. “How old are you right now?” Peter's eyes and hands trailed across his smooth, paler than normal skin. “I got this scar when I was 12..” He pointed to a small, raised patch of skin on his elbow before he bent down to pull the extra-long jeans up to expose his lower leg. “I should have one here too from when I was 14, but..” He couldn't find the triangle-shaped scar on his shin that he got running up the stairs too quickly. “It's not there.” “So, 13-ish?” Wade filled in the blanks for him. His fingers ran over the unmarred skin, hypnotized. “Holy shit..” “Watch your mouth, young man.” Wade scolded, pinching his lips to keep himself from laughing. Peter turned around, glaring at him and Wade lost it, laughing out loud as the boy pouted. “It's not funny!” His sharp voice only made it worse and Wade flopped down onto the bed, hands across his stomach as he let himself howl at the boy's expense. “Stop it!” Peter jumped on top of Wade, hitting him with his small fists. “Ow!” Wade continued to chuckle at Peter's futile efforts, letting the boy get in a few more hits before he grabbed him by the waist and flipped their positions, straddling his waist. “Waaade..” Peter whined as he pushed at the man's chest, a little stunned that he was shoving with almost all his strength, but Wade wasn't moving. He pushed as hard as he could and the man still didn't budge. “Hmm.. No super strength, huh?” Wade could see that Peter was starting to get worried, so he distracted him, pinning the boy's hands to the bed beside him. “So I can do whatever I want to you and you can't stop me..” Wade further made his point, tugging Peter's arms up above his head, holding his small wrists in one, massive hand as he rolled his hips ever so slightly. Peter's eyes flickered as he looked up at Wade, tugging his hands to test the man's grip, a little nervous when it didn't give. It had been so long since he'd been without his strength and it made him anxious. He wondered briefly if that was how Wade felt when he used his power, completely and utterly trusting in Peter to take care of him. Wade's other hand was sneaking under Peter's shirt, licking his lips as he felt the soft, delicate skin that was so different than the firm muscles that he was used to feeling. “Oh god, this is probably illegal.” He mused out loud as he traced the hem of Peter's pants. “W-why..?” Peter's hips were squirming as he waited impatiently for Wade to touch him, not able to do much with the man's full weight resting on him. “You're 13, Peter..” Wade's breath was coming in heavier as he gulped. “No, I'm-” Wade pulled the baggy sweater over the boy's head, cutting him off as he put the boy's dainty body on display. “Yeah, baby boy.. You are.” Peter looked down at the way Wade's eyes were raking across his body, thumbs tracing his bony hipbones and he realized that he liked it. Wade was staring down at him like he was going to eat him alive and suddenly he felt a little more bold. “You know..” He paused, running his hands up Wade's forearms, waiting for Wade to look at him, widening his eyes to amplify the effect of his words. “I didn't lose my virginity until I was 16.” “That is not fa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Smut
De-Aged Peter
Peter is 13
Wade is canon age
Established Relationship
Kissing
Anal Fingering
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Masturbation
Size Kink
Size Difference
Power Dynamics
Spanking
Begging
Tom Holland is my Spidey
Consensual Underage Sex
Underage Sex
Pedophilia
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Out of Character
Dubious Consent
Because of Peter's Physical Age

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

