Chapter 1: I Don't Know What Color Your Eyes Are, Baby
    




Chapter Text
 “Steve, did you see this order come in?” Steve Rogers, Founder and President of SHIELD Publications, looked up from his computer at Peggy, who was strolling into his office-slash-glorified-cubicle brandishing a piece of paper. He raised his eyebrows at her. “Who’s it from?” he asked. “Brooklyn Heights Books,” Peggy said, reading the order form. “I saw that it came in,” Steve said, sitting back, “but they’ve ordered from us before. What’s the problem?” “There’s no problem,” Peggy said, showing him the paper. “Quite the opposite, actually. They’ve expanded their title request and more than doubled the number of copies they usually ask for.” “Really?” Steve said, taking the form and looking at the numbers. “That’s great. Nick Fury is still the owner, right?” “That’s what their website says,” Peggy replied. “I like Nick,” Steve said. “The few times I’ve talked to him, anyway. He doesn’t really get comics, but he knows enough to appreciate quality and he treats people well.” He handed Peggy the form. “Feel like taking a field trip?” “Can’t today,” Peggy said. “After I finish here I need to deliver amortization documents to Tony’s offices before they close.” “Ah, the glorious life of an accountant,” Steve joked, shutting off his computer and standing up. He took his jacket off the back of his chair. “I’ll ask Sam if he wants to go.” “Yes, please take Sam with you,” a voice cried from the next cubicle over. Peter Parker, Steve’s office assistant, said pleadingly, “He keeps throwing these weird origami birds at me.” “They are not weird,” Sam said indignantly from across the aisle. “They are falcons and they are majestic creatures, you heathen.” Peter turned his gaze back on Steve, silently begging with his big, sad, puppy eyes. Steve laughed as he pulled his jacket on. “Suit up, Sam, we’re moving out.” “See you tomorrow,” Peggy sang out, walking over to her desk. “Have a good evening, everyone,” Steve replied, as he and Sam walked out into the afternoon sunshine.  *** The drive from Lower Manhattan, where SHIELD’s office was located, to Brooklyn Heights, while being less than four miles, took nearly half an hour. “I could run there faster than this,” Sam groused as they crawled along in traffic. “We should do that one day,” Steve said, a grin stretched across his face. “Leave the car at home and just run everywhere we need to go.” “You go right ahead, you big ol’ side of beef,” Sam scoffed. “I’ll stay in here and enjoy the air conditioning by myself.” That summer had, as per usual, been hot and humid, and both men were looking forward to the fall weather’s cooler temperatures. Those were still at least a month away, though, so they were grateful for Steve’s cool and comfortable car interior, even if it meant being stuck in traffic. By the time they got to Brooklyn Heights, it was mid-afternoon. They turned on to Court Street and found parking not too far from the bookstore they were visiting. While walking over, they checked out the neighborhood—it was an interesting mix of old, family-owned businesses and trendy new restaurants and boutiques, enjoying the upswing of gentrification that was also boosting real estate prices. “This is a nice area,” Sam commented, nodding as he looked around. “I don’t get over here very much.” “It’s definitely cleaned up from when I was younger, but then again, so has most of Brooklyn,” Steve agreed. He looked up at a sign overhead. “There it is.” The sign for Brooklyn Heights Books was large and round, black on white, with the initials “BHB” in a bold, traditional font, with the first “B” actually facing backward in a way that was both symmetrical and pleasing to the eye. The circle was superimposed on an open book, which gave the sign a nice depth. It hung from the awning on the front of a brick-faced, two-story building that somehow managed to look both old and modern at the same time. It was very clean and well maintained, with potted plants and flowers out front, and was sandwiched between an ice-cream shop and a UPS Store. When they opened the front door, a bell jingled happily overhead, announcing their entrance. After closing the door behind them, Sam inhaled obnoxiously through his nose, moaning as he exhaled, “Lord have mercy, what is that? It smells amazing!” A laugh to their left pulled their attention into the small café that sat at the front of the bookstore. A man behind the counter, with short, dark-blond hair and a big smile, said, “I know, right? Our afternoon delivery of pastries just came in.” “We are hittin’ that before we leave,” Sam said, to which Steve just laughed. “Sure, I could use a coffee,” he said. “But let’s go have a look around first. I don’t want to leave crumbs on the floor.” “Lead the way, sir,” Sam said, gesturing to Steve. To the man in the café, who was bringing a small cup of coffee and a plate of cookies over to a customer at one of their eat-in tables, he said, “We’ll
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
song prompt
Bookstore AU
Alternate Universe - Bookstore
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Fluff
Unrepentant Fluff
so many feels
Nerds in Love
Boys In Love
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Overprotective Steve Rogers
Overprotective Nick Fury
Overprotective Natasha Romanov
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Peter Quill is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Is a Terrible Flirt
Clint Barton Is a Coffee Snob
And Everyone Is His Guinea Pig
Pastry Chef Natasha
Daddy Kink
Kink Shaming
Mentions of past abuse
Ignoring safewords
Stalking
Alexander Pierce Is Always a Jerk
Sharon Carter Is Awful
Don't Mess With Steve Roger's Baby
Explicit Sexual Content
Frottage
Anal Fingering
Nipple Play
Size Kink
Blow Jobs
Semi-Public Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Orgasm Delay
Rimming
Anal Sex
Light Spanking
Praise Kink
Brock Rumlow is Always Awful
Explicit Language

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

