Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Class, make sure to get your permission slips signed by the end of the week! We’ll be visiting Stark Tower on Monday and I doubt anyone wants to get left behind!”----Honestly, Peter wouldn’t mind being left behind, he thought as he climbed onto the bus. A tour of the tower was a recipe for embarrassment and disaster on all counts. It was also ridiculous for him to walk to school just to be bused back home, but his chemistry teacher wasn’t his biggest fan, so he didn’t bother appealing. He sat in the front of the bus, far from Flash and his little friends. Unfortunately, as the bus started to move, Flash scurried back up the aisle and plopped down in the seat behind Peter.“Parker!”Peter ignored him.“Oi, Parker!”Joy to the world. Something thumped Peter’s head, and he finally turned.“What.”“I’ve been taking bets on whether or not people think you’re lying!”“Lying about what?”“The internship, idiot. I think you’re faking it, but five people so far said they believe you. Did you pay them?”“Why would I pay them?”Flash rolled his eyes like he was talking to a deceased rock. “For attention.”“I don’t want attention,” Peter said. “I’d really rather you leave me alone, actually.”“Not gonna happen, suck it! Hey, d’you think we’ll see Tony Stark himself? I bet you know him well, don’t you? ‘Cause you two are best friends.”Peter rubbed his forehead. “I never said that.”“Yeah, whatever, Parker. I bet when we get there, nobody’s gonna know you.”----Peter was mildly pleased to see Flash proven wrong within about a minute of being in the tower. They were standing in line to check in when someone called Peter’s name. Peter (and the rest of the class) turned to see one of the secretaries waving to catch his attention.“Peter, dear! Why are you waiting in line with the schools?”Peter glanced over to Flash, who was gaping. “I’m on a field trip!” he called back. “Are you?” The secretary looked faintly amused. “Well, have fun!”“Thanks, Tina!”Everyone stepped forward, forming a line for the metal detector, which was really more of a scanner. It said each student’s name flatly as they stepped through, and a guard checked them off on paper. When Peter took his turn, there was no robotic voice.“Good morning, Mr. Parker. I must say, it’s odd to find you using this entrance,” JARVIS said pleasantly.“Morning,” Peter replied. “I’m on a field trip.”“So I gathered. I hope you have a pleasant one.”“Thanks, JARVIS.”Flash jabbed Peter in the arm as soon as they started walking. “What the hell was that?”“JARVIS. Ton- Mr. Stark’s AI.”“Pay attention!” their teacher rebuked. “The tour’s about to begin!”Peter listened attentively as a young woman showed them down a hall lined with old prototypes and photos from the infancy of Stark Industries. He’d only been down here once or twice, so he wasn’t bored. Well, yet. They filed into an elevator and ascended to one of the research departments, where a short video was shown. The tour guide explained some new developments in such simple terms that a kid could understand, and Peter remembered that they were kids. He doubted anyone else in his class would understand a fraction of the mechanics and engineering that went in to the designs.Next, they were taken to one of the smaller labs. As they walked, Peter spotted Clint ambling down the hall, and the man’s face lit up when their eyes met.“Peter! You didn’t tell me your class was coming in!” Clint strode over and fluffed Peter’s hair fondly. Peter turned pink.“Hi, Clint.”“Did you taste the cookies that Barnes made last night?”Peter shook his head, and Clint started digging in his pockets.“Oh my god, they were delicious! They had little bits of walnuts and chocolate chips, but the kind of chocolate chips that make your brain melt a little… Here, found it! I saved you one, but I ate half because I figured you wouldn’t mind. You have to convince him to make them again. Please, I beg you. Can I have half of that?”Peter broke the half-cookie into two pieces and handed one to Clint, who ate it happily. “Thanks, Pete! See you later!”“See you,” Peter replied, both amused and painfully embarrassed. Everyone was staring at him again. He ducked his head and ate his bite of cookie. It was really good. He’d have to remember to compliment Bucky on them.After the visit to the small lab, the tour guide took them up to one of the major ones, where they all looked through a wide glass window at the proceedings inside. Peter caught a glimpse of Bruce, who was hunched over his laptop, seemingly puzzling over something. He looked up, and his face scrunched in surprise at the sight of Peter with the other kids at the window. His mouth curved into a smile, and he waved. Peter waved back and watched as Bruce pursed his lips, then stood up, making his way to the door and poking his head out.“Hey, Peter? Can I borrow you for a moment?”Peter looked to his teacher, who gaped. Bruce ran his fingers through his hair, looking apologetic.“It won’t be for long. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Field Trip
Fluff
Superfamily
Bucky's Cookies
Flash Doesn't Take Hints
JARVIS is a pal
Bruce needs sleep
Pepper is overworked
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Hair Club
Flash has no sense of self preservation

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

