Work Text:
 When Tony first gets back from Afghanistan, he drinks. It numbs the pain and brings him one step closer to a failed liver he won’t have any intention of treating, and then it’ll be over.Tony thinks it could be worth it for all the hangovers he nurses. But then he remembers Yinsen, and the alcohol tastes too much like regret, and before he knows it, he's dumping all the spirits down the drain with the familiar burn of guilt and helplessness prodding hot and sharp behind his eyes.When the thing with Obie happens, Tony regrets that he did it; poured the good stuff away, not the-the other thing. Because Obie deserved that. Tony trusted him, and Obie deserved the end he met.Without a drink, Tony had to find new ways to deal.Except then he’s dying from the poisoning and Tony thinks with some relief – it’s finally over. But then it’s not, and he’s got SHIELD and the government on his ass, and with no other choice, Tony's back to clawing his way to living, fighting to stay alive on pure spite.Bafflingly, the universe, or whatever higher power exists, lets him. To what purpose, to what end; Tony doesn’t know, can't fathom the reasons, only that he’s got the tools: the drive, the smarts, the sheer force of will to remake the world as he’s remade himself.If he really wanted, Tony could be the super villain everyone’s said he has the potential to be. Just for laughs, he could actually do what people think he will.Jarvis thinks it’s a good idea.Well, he did, anyway.Through the years, Tony’s developed his own special brand of coping. It may not be entirely healthy, but he's never claimed it would be. He’s just had to because if it isn't the PTSD, it's the panic attacks, or the anxiety, or the soul-shattering grief, or the crippling guilt, or the night terrors, or the unresolved daddy issues, and maybe sometimes, it's standing on the ledge and wondering if it would really be so bad if he jumped with no intention of flying.Tony’s brain is like a fun bag of mental problems, he's fully aware of it. BARF and therapy can only do so much when he's back in the toxic environment his team of therapists are so concerned about, but he can't just leave. The reasons are endless, and not worth thinking about too long because it gives Tony an unrelenting migraine which is the perfect affliction to associate with the Rogues.Anyway, the point remains: Tony needs an outlet, so he creates one.He takes to fixing up a car, not even an interesting one, just a car. He knows everything about it, of course, but he's not attached to it like the other machines in his life. It had been an impulse buy, and not even a good one. (He'd know if it was a good one, Rhodey and Pepper can attest to his shopping habits.) When he tells Bruce absentmindedly, in the common area of the kitchen, how his little project is going, Barton snorts. “Why not build another suit instead of wasting your time on that?”“Doesn’t fit the purpose," is Tony's clipped reply. He's been short with them since they arrived.  Since the government decided they want the Rogues back in the Compound, for all of them to sing Kumbaya together while holding hands and making marshmallow sacrifices over the bonfire. It’s bullshit. But Tony can handle bullshit. He’s handled worse.Again, Barton snorts.Tony ignores him, as he does the rest of them.The only reason he wanders into common areas is the routine. It helps. Tony can’t afford to go down any rabbit holes or get sucked into a downward spiral, and Friday is under strict instructions to keep him on course: no more all-nighters, no more eighteen-hour lab binges.Tony tries to sleep. He takes regular showers. He goes out for fresh air. He goes to the gym. He goes to meetings. He creates for a normal period of time. He eats. He’s successfully masquerading as an adult, and much as that thought pains him, Tony comforts himself that at least he’s got his coffee (it’s his favorite, Bruce got it from Kenya).While Romanoff, Barton and Rogers sit at the table, trying to be friendly and mending the chasm with the extra place-setting at the table Tony’s been ignoring for the past month as his routine dictates,Tony sees right through their smiles and banter; the equivalent to piranhas in a fishbowl.He maintains his post by the kitchen with Bruce, him and his science bro offered the slim barrier of the kitchen counter to separate them. Ever since Bruce's return, he'd taken one long look at Maximoff and deadpanned, "No."Bruce hadn't been swayed by Rogers or Romanoff's attempts to persuade him to their cause, and in fact, had started to look a little green the longer they talked. And that was before Bruce had found out about the incident at the bunker. Evidently, he took great offense to the thought that Rogers hadn't handled Tony's violent outburst well, given that Rogers had caused the outburst in the first place and hadn't been repentant over the repercussions it would have to Tony’s life in the slightest.Suffice to say, Bruce wasn't inclined to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Team Salty
Team Tony
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Tony Needs a Hug
Bucky needs a hug
My sad sons
Not actually angst though
They both just have a lot of feelings
Howard's A+ Parenting
Suggestion Of Child Abuse
now with cuddling
accidental get together
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

