Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“And that’s how we ended up here,” Thor finishes with a shrug of his shoulders. They’re sitting in the vast meeting room situated in the center of the compound, surrounded by Thor’s earthly chums. Loki notes that he recognizes most of them: Stark and Banner, obviously, but also the woman they call Natasha, Hawkeye (whose gaze Loki has steadfastly been avoiding—he has some apologizing to do), and the Captain himself (who has grown a beard since Loki’s last seen him). Along with them sit a couple beings Loki does not recognize: next to Stark, in a wheel chair, sits a man that the inventor had called “Rhodes”. Similarly, by the Captain’s side is a man named Sam. Next to Sam, there’s a young woman with long, brown hair, and, beside her, a being Loki pegs as artificial: he’s in the shape of a human man, but his skin is a patchwork of unearthly colors. That’s not what Loki finds most peculiar about him, though: in the center of this man’s head (The Vision, Stark calls him), sits a canary-yellow gem that Loki is intimately familiar with. Loki startles to realize that this is the mind stone, the very same he’d used in his attack on New York prior. This Vision must be using the stone as its source of life-force.
The room is silent for a moment as its inhabitants seem to soak Thor’s story in. After a minute, though, Stark clears his throat and speaks up.
“Okay, if nobody else is gonna say it, I will,” He says, ignoring the firm reprimand of “Stark” that the Captain shoots his way.
“The last time we saw the Scar to your Mufasa, he was hell-bent on ruling humanity. Other than the fact that he’s just waltzed in to this meeting like he’s the Queen of England, there is also a child in his arms right now. Like, a baby-child. An infant.”
Loki blinks up from where he’s been holding Noma’s pacifier in to keep her from fussing, and he finds that every set of eyes in the room is on him. Again. He’s getting rather tired of this.
Loki tucks Noma, who is swaddled in a black blanket, closer to his chest. “You see, when a mommy Asgardian and a daddy Asgardian love each other very much,” He starts, hackles starting to raise. He’d only briefly pondered on the fact that once they landed on Midgard, Thor’s friends were going to find out about the baby.
Thor’s hand lands, warm and reassuring, on Loki’s arm. The trickster relaxes, but only a bit.
“This is my daughter, Noma,” Thor explains, and Stark blinks at him like a deer in the headlights.
“Your daughter?” Natasha asks after a moment. Thor nods and smiles warmly, chest puffed out like the proud father that he is.
“What happened to her mother? Did you lose her with the planet?” Clint pipes up from beside the Widow, and Natasha smacks him on the arm. She’s obviously already figured it out. Loki remembers liking her sharp wit when they first encountered each other.
“Oww,” Clint complains.
“I should hope not,” Loki replies airily, before pressing a kiss to Noma’s forehead. “It would certainly be a shock to realize I’ve actually been dead this entire year.”
Tony chokes on his coffee, and Bruce leans over to smack him on the back a couple times, amusement clear on his face. The Captain is obviously trying to control his facial expression, but shock still shows in the width of his eyes. There’s a harsh thud as Hawkeye jerks back, smacking his knees on the underside of the table in the process. He breathes out another “oww” as he looks to Natasha like she has all the answers.
The Vision and the girl next to him, who the Captain had called Wanda, exchange glances but seem mostly unaffected. Similar expressions adorn “Rhodes” and Sam’s faces. It makes sense, as they hadn’t been around to witness Loki’s attack on New York.
“You’re telling me, that you—“ And Tony swivels his chair to face Thor, “And you—“ He does the same to Loki, “Had a baby?”
“Yes,” Loki says with faux-patience, at the same time Thor bellows out an “indeed!”
“B-but you two are brothers!” Stark exclaims.
“Adopted,” Thor points out, and Loki scrambles to catch Noma’s pacifier as she spits it out. The man called Rhodes catches it and holds it out to Loki, who takes it with a grateful nod.
“Okay, ignoring the fact that it’s still weird, how about the fact that your not-brother is male?”
“The baby fell out of the sky,” Loki quips at him. “In Asgard, if you pray for a baby, sometimes Freyr will just drop one into your arms.”
“Seriously?” Tony actually looks like he’s considering it, and Natasha sighs from across the table.
“It’s a good thing some of us actually listen during briefings. Loki is a being called a Frost Giant. Their kind are intersex. I’m assuming that means that he can carry a baby.”
“Why isn’t she your leader,” Loki mumbles under his breath, and Thor squeezes his arm a bit in warning.
“There is an aspect to Loki’s and my shared past that I did not disclose to you when we first fought together,” Thor explains, leaning over so that he may wrap an arm around Loki and bring him closer. “For that,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Background Steve/Tony - Relationship

freeform: 
Post-Ragnarok
Fluff
Past Mpreg
the boys are parents
ridiculous baby shenanigans
nobody can resist noma
Slice of Life
Berserkr Thor
Emotional Sex
Breeding Kink
loki might be a witch
wasn't supposed to have a plot
Now it does
Oops
Lady Loki
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mpreg
Tony Stark Redemption
i suppose there's a little stony
If You Squint - Freeform
i keep losing track of all the characters
who is antman 2k18
Genderfluid Character
Genderfluid Loki
Minor Character Death
Sibling Incest
infinity war fix-it
Written before the movie
Not Canon Compliant

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Background Steve/Tony - Relationship

