Chapter 1: A thumbs-up, thumbs-down situation
    




Chapter Text
Boom.  Fight over.  The Hulk had just come down on his opponent with the force of a meteoric freight train.  And as he felt his victim's body crumple and conform to the shape of his fist, Hulk knew:  fight over. 
This fight had been different from all the others.  Not because of the crater he’d made in the ground, not because of the unhinged roaring of the crowd, not even because of the way the foundations of the arena seemed unsettled by the shock of the battle.   This time, it was different because Hulk knew his challenger.  And Thor was… friend. 
Hulk grit his teeth, frowning between great grunting breaths as the dust settled.  Somehow, recognizing Thor, and something about that word friend, made it impossible for Hulk to feel good about his victory. Winning was good, Hulk knew, because it Felt Good—the Grandmaster had taught him that, thoroughly. But not this time. Looking down at the beaten corpse of Thor, Hulk felt… certainly not bad, just differently angry. 
It was a darker feeling of anger, dark and deep and heavy and not at all the sort of blazing ballistic rage the Hulk was used to. A word for the feeling rose from the depths of his mind:  Shame. 
“Wow. What a finale. I was on the edge of my seat there. Well folks, I guess that wraps it up—” The towering projection of the Grandmaster was talking now, addressing the crowd, saying something about souvenirs, and that’s when Hulk noticed a faint sputter from Thor’s chest.
“Thor not dead?” Hulk hoped aloud.  He reached down with one meaty hand and scooped Thor up from the bottom of the crater, carrying him over to a flatter, cleaner area before laying him down again. An astonished hush, followed by riotous speculative chatter, rose from the crowd. 
“And don’t forget our collectible mugs, you’re gonna want one of these things—” the Grandmaster was saying, before noticing that he’d lost the crowd’s attention. “What’s this? Is he still alive—he’s still alive down there? Ladies and Gentlemen, I’m just getting confirmation of this now—yes, yes, it’s true, the Lord of Thunder is still alive!” 
A deafening cheer erupted in a fresh tsunami of noise, and Hulk briefly wished he could smash the sound itself into oblivion.  Hulk was getting angrier now—with his regular form of anger. 
“Oh goody. This is just great,” continued the pixelated projection. “He’s totally unconscious, but that’s no big deal, now we can do my favorite thing—one of those, thumbs-ups, thumbs-down situations, should he Live or Die, leeeet’s find out!!!” 
Up in the exclusive viewing booth, the Grandmaster turned off the device that projected his image and turned to address his favored guests. “We can leave the crowd in suspense for a minute here. Savor this delicious dilemma. Tell me, what are your thoughts? Should we keep this Lord of Thunder on the books, or make his skull another trophy for our beloved Champion?  I’m looking for input here.  You know I value your ideas, so let me hear it—yea or nay?” He looked over to the golden ladies, who seemed only slightly less bored than usual. “Ladies? That adorable Lord of Thunder, Lives or Dies, what do you think?” One lady looked coolly at her nails.  The other gave the merest shrug. 
On the other end of the couch, sitting (quite on purpose) as far away from the mercurial Grandmaster as possible, Loki bit his lip, thinking quickly. 
“Come on, don’t be shy—” said the Grandmaster, still scanning the room and motioning encouragingly for people to give him feedback. “How about it? He’s put on a good show for us tonight, that’s for sure.  But is he too dangerous to keep? Are we asking for trouble here? My Champion is unquestionably loyal, but this guy? Not so much. Should we just kill him off?” 
The varied and colorful spectators in the room gave varied and colorful responses—a few thumbs up, a few more thumbs down, a shrug, a side-to-side wobble of a helmeted head.  At least one attendee responded with a show of blinky red lights, and another made a slashing motion that clearly meant: cut his neck. Loki swallowed. 
“And how about you?” The Grandmaster asked Loki directly. “What do you say?”
“I think…we should let him live,” Loki mused, voice low and careful. “He could be… profitable.” He paused to check the effect on the Grandmaster, who seemed intrigued. 
“Profitable? I suppose he is a crowd-pleaser.  He would have to be tamed, of course.”
Loki nodded deferentially, suppressing a smile. “Of course.” 
Meanwhile, down in the arena, the Hulk had arrived at an important realization: he was glad that Thor was alive.  He didn’t want Thor to die. 
The Grandmaster’s looming image reappeared, filling the stadium with staticky light. “Here we go folks, time to find out the Lord of Thunder’s ultimate fate—Thumbs up for life, Thumbs down for the other thing, here it is—” 
“NO!” Roared Hulk at the projection. 
“Uh oh, what was that?  My Champion says no?” asked the Grandmaster’s enormous display.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hulk/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
Bruce Banner/Thor

freeform: 
Hulk in a hot tub
Hulk Smash (Marvel)
Hulk (Marvel) Feels
Hulk Talks (Marvel)
Hulk Sex (Marvel)
Smart Hulk (Marvel)
Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Spoilers
Obedience Disks
It's in my brain
Bottom Thor (Marvel)
Top Bruce Banner

fandom: 
Hulk/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
Bruce Banner/Thor

