Work Text:
 The Soldier was not pleased, and Bucky was in wholehearted agreement.It had been almost a year since his escape from Hydra, and another three months since moving into the building of the man whose parents he murdered that Bucky (and the Soldier) finally grasped some semblance of control in their lives.Hell, the fact that Bucky and the Soldier were even on speaking terms is a goddamn miracle. Yet, here he was, in agreement with the part of his psyche that toppled empires, killed hundreds of people; withstood mind control, cryo-freezing, and torture for almost seventy fucking years. Bucky never thought he’d be able to reach a point where he not only accepted that part of himself, but was also a little bit in awe that they were one and the same person, but again – here he was.More than a weapon; more than the hand that pulls the trigger; Bucky Barnes finally felt like a person again, a person who did bad things, had bad things happen to him; who wanted to do better and was finally getting the chance to do it.And it was all thanks to the very same man who had all the reason in the world to tell him to go fuck himself.Instead, Tony Stark gave him a home and protection; provided the retro-framing and the therapy; the clothes on his back and food in his stomach, and gave Bucky the second chance that he didn’t deserve, but got anyway. All thanks to Tony “arrogant, cocky, son of a bitch futurist who thinks a clear conscious can be bought" Stark.Bucky’s flesh hand almost snapped the metal armrest of the chair, but Barton didn’t seem to notice, even when the Soldier snarled.The tirade lasted another ten minutes and when Barton finally tired himself out with the spiel, Bucky had to take a breath to calm down to keep the Soldier from launching at the archer to put hands on him.Predictably, Romanova rolled her eyes and added, “What do you expect, Clint? The man turned on his own team.” Bucky considered laying it on her instead, just to work out his frustrations. She’d provide at least some entertainment, the Soldier mused. The Widow wouldn’t beat us, but at least it wouldn’t be a boring fight.No, Bucky reminded, Tony doesn’t like blood in the common area.In the back of his mind, the Soldier huffed, and Bucky resolved to ignore his other-half as the Soldier tried to compromise: Poison? Strangulation? We take the fight outside so she can bleed in the bushes?Romanova spoke up during the Soldier’s very plausible recommendations, “We should leave Tony to it, Barnes,” punctuating her decree with a wink she does little to disguise, making both Bucky and the Solider roll their eyes so hard their brain gave a twinge of pain from the effort of it.The Rogues, since their arrival back into the Compound, decided that they were better off without the man that gave them literally everything. Though Steve was adamant that the reverse was actually true. How, alluded Bucky and the Soldier both. Regardless, the Rogues made it clear whenever possible to exclude Tony; from leaving the room immediately after he came in, purposely bumping into him in the hallways, and talking over him whenever he said something until such a time as when Tony apologized for his behavior. Possibly groveled while he was at it.Like Tony was the one who dropped cars on them, destroyed a city in Germany, totaled an airport, put them in the Raft, and hid the fact that Bucky killed his fucking parents.Huffing out an annoyed breath, Bucky thought in unison with the Soldier, Idiots.Romanova left not a moment later, casting Tony her coolest look and a smile that belied her actual allegiance in the Compound.Tony, clever, clever Tony, saw right through it, his expression blank before turning to the fridge.Barton had almost thrown out the blueberries, just to spite Tony further, but Bucky had taken it for himself which means that when Tony roots through the shelves, he's groused, "Where are my blueberries?”Smirking now, as if Barton finally caught onto Bucky’s ploy, the archer declared, “Barnes wanted it” as if that automatically made it his. The Soldier continued to glower in the wake of the self-satisfied smirk Barton was sporting.If I pressed my thumbs into his eyes, most of the blood will be on his face, the Soldier informed coolly, like he was telling Bucky about the weather, as if that too was a work-around Tony’s no-blood-in-the-common-areas rule.“Now that’s just rude,” Tony declared, furrowing his brow at Bucky. “I thought you preferred plums?”Bucky huffed a breath out through his nose when, before he can open his mouth, Barton retorted, “He can change his mind, Stark.”To make matters worse, Steve choose that exact moment to come in. “Who can change their mind?” Wilson, one of the only few reasonable people left in the Compound and of the Rogues, asked.“Barnes,” Barton said, nodding in his direction with a derisive smile. “Stark over here wants to just keep everything the same – can’t even let Barnes try his stupid blueberries.”“Now you’re just putting wo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Clint Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Winter Soldier as a Separate Personality
Protective Bucky
some violence
choking (not the sexy kind)
The Soldier's violent suggestions

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

