Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Prologue
 
The ocean breeze wafting through the open window was as refreshing as a coffee in the morning, in some ways.
However, since she was about to trek to the Parthenon, she was grateful for the gorgeous smelling cup of dark roast that appeared in front of her face just a few moments after she opened her eyes. The scent of it brewing must have been what had woken her.
"Good morning." The owner of the hand handing her the coffee said. She pushed her hair out of her face and took the mug from him with a smile.
"Morning. This is a surprise." Experience this past week had been that she was usually the one prodding him out of bed.
"Today's the Parthenon, right? Figured you could use the caffeine to get you going."
"I could, thanks. Are you sure that you don't want to come with? It's a pretty awesome historic site."
Something passed through his eyes at that moment, she'd seen it before in the time that they'd been together. Some darkness was following him, and it would grip him every once in a while. It was a little frightening, what she could see when she caught it, when he let her catch it in his face, but it was clearly something that he was trying to put behind him.
"I've seen it, sweetheart. You go and enjoy it. There's... a few things I gotta do today anyway, before we bug out on Sunday."
"Do you need any help, because I could do the Parthenon tomorrow..."
"You booked your tour for today, I saw your itinerary, remember? Don't worry about it, it's not huge, just stuff that's gotta get done."
"If you're sure."
"I'm sure."
"Okay, I'm getting up then. I call dibs on the shower." She rolled out of bed expertly and stepped over the bundle of his pants and shoes on her way out the bedroom door.
"Hey, Darce?"
"Yeah?" "All this with you, it's been the best thing I've done in a very long time." She blinked. She hadn't been expecting the stark honesty in his face, it was almost brutal. She offered him one of her best smiles in return.
"Same here. See you when I get back?"
"Yeah...when you get back."
 
Later, when the sun was starting to fade down over the trees, Darcy came back from her tour tired and dusty, to find the villa quiet and still. He wasn't there. In the back her mind, she knew it was probably going to end like this. He'd told her flat out that he'd probably just disappear from her life one night. Still...the romantic part of her had hoped that maybe there could have been a little something more.
 
****
 
Two months after reporting to Jane for duty, the scientist had found Darcy with her head in the toilet far too many times, and forced her into a chemist's (because if she's in London, she's going to use the local terms, dammit) to select the best pregancy test that an intern's non existant salary can buy.  And by that, Jane used thirty American dollars out of the grant money to buy it for her.  She then shoved her into the bathroom and forbade her to come out until she had peed on it.  For a tiny little woman, she was exceptionally strong, and Darcy knew all about her determination.  It was better to just do it and get it over with.
Once she was allowed to leave the bathroom, Darcy found herself pacing around the tiny space that passed as Jane's lab while Jane kept the time on one of her gadgets.
"Okay.  That's two minutes." Jane said, her voice loud in the quiet of the room.  Darcy sucked in a breath and plucked the plastic stick out of the sample container that Jane had given her.
"I don't know if I can do this."
Jane rolled her eyes at her, and took it from her hands.
"Two blue lines.  Congratulations, Darcy, it looks like you're pregnant." Darcy flopped down onto a convenient sofa, and blew her hair out of her eyes.
"Well.... Fuck."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pre-Relationship
Developing Relationship
Babyfic
Feels
Unplanned Pregnancy

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

