Chapter 1: I.Slavery
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“You have to be willing to trust me” he whispers. “We have to be open to doing just about anything to get us out of here and back to Asgard.”
Outside your window, the view of Sakaar reminds you just how far from home you really are. You arrived last night, and thanks to Loki’s swift thinking had convinced the welcoming committee that you were royals whose transport had unexpectedly landed you there. Well, that at least Loki was royalty.
“And this was the best you could come up with?” You scowl at him as you eye your reflection against the glass. The collar around your neck digs into your skin. You slide a finger underneath the leather in an attempt to loosen it. “I don’t see why your plan had to involve me in such... degrading attire”
Loki strolls up to you and helps you to adjust the collar. He lifts up the companion chain and links it to you with a snap. He wraps the metal cord around his fist, a dark expression flashing over his emerald eyes.
“From what I’ve gathered from the locals, our gracious host is quite fond of ... slaves,” Loki replies, turning from you and momentarily dropping the chain with a clank. “We could gain his favor if he believes we are likeminded. So just stick to the plan. No matter what happens.”
“And what if he doesn’t believe this?” You offer.
“He has to.”
“King Loki,” a voice calls, following a knock at the door. “The Grandmaster will see you now.”
Loki adjusts his helmet and before opening the door to your room, turns and smiles at you.
“I am going to get us out of here,” he whispers. “Just have faith in your King.”
“Always,” you reply with a smirk, resulting in a slight shift in Loki’s steady demeanor. He grabs hold of your chain and pulls you forward through the doorway.
 
———
“Ah my new guest!” The grandmaster exclaims as you enter. The room could only be equated to a metallic throne room for a false king. It is filled with strange looking people, though you were sure you looked even stranger to them. You feel certain that they must not have seen many humans in their midsts.
“Loki, sit, sit!” The Grandmaster pats the seat beside him.
“Grandmaster,” Loki greets. A charming grin is plastered to his face, all for show. You take a cue from the real slaves at your side and stop at the doorway, the chain nonchalantly falling from Loki’s grasp. You keep your face downcast.
You decide in that moment that it wouldn’t be Loki’s silver tongue that would get you both out of there. It would be how well you could pull off this charade. You bite your tongue and make a mental note to give him hell for having come up with this scheme to begin with. Why couldn’t we have been visiting merchants? “Because no one would believe I was a lowly merchant” Goddamn Gods.
Loki marches forward without hesitation at your absence and joins their host.
One of the Grandmaster’s slaves comes forward to present him with a tall glass of wine. You suddenly feel parched.
“How do you like your room? I made sure you had a beautiful view of our city.” The Grandmaster leans forward in interest toward his guest.
“You are quite gracious,” Loki replies, sipping the wine. “I can’t see why anyone would ever want to leave.” You dig your nails into your palm to stop from screaming. That’s the whole point, you arrogant ass!
The Grandmaster laughs at this, “Well, you can’t.”
Loki nervously laughs in response. “About that...”
“Now, who is this lovely creature you’ve brought with you?” The Grandmaster interrupts. You unintentionally lift your head.
“Excuse me?” Loki mutters.
“Did you really think I wouldn’t notice her following you in?” the Grandmaster replies with a smirk, his eyes glued to you at the end of the room.
“Come forward, sweet thing,” he calls, beckoning you forward with his fingers.
You remain frozen at the end of the hall. You shift your gaze slightly to Loki, hoping he can read your mind in that instant. He leans forward onto his fist, resting against the arm of his makeshift throne. He raises an eyebrow in intrigue.
“Oh, she only follows the sound of my voice,” he replies, almost with pride, and you sigh in relief.
“Come here, pet.”
Pet. A shiver runs down your spine, unwanted, as you move forward. The guests in the room all shift their gaze upon you. Suddenly you feel self-conscious of the low neck line of your dress as the satin skirt sways above your knee.
Ok, this is your opportunity. Time to step it up a notch.
As you approach Loki, you fall to your knees at his feet, palms on your thighs, looking up at him. You swear you can see a slight tinge of pink flush over his face for a second before he beams at you. His hand comes down to stroke your hair. You lean into his touch on impulse.
The Grandmaster slowly claps. “Very nice, truly exceptional!” He exclaims. “So obedient, how do you do it?”
Loki plays idly with the chain attached to your neck, giving it a gentle tug. A whimper escapes your lips.

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki & Reader

freeform: 
Public Sex
Dom/sub
Light Dom/sub
Light Bondage
Loss of Virginity
Orgy
King Loki (Marvel)
Sakaar (Marvel)
Chains
Collars
Self-Insert
Oral Sex
Drinking to Cope
Sex Slave
Master/Slave
Master/Pet
Smut
Shameless Smut
Loki clone sex
From Sex to Love
Dubious Consent
Angry Sex
Not Canon Compliant
Post-Avengers (2012)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Spanking
Porn With Plot

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki & Reader

