Chapter 1



Summary:

I finally did it! I’ve wanted to write a Stucky x Reader fic for so long because it combines two of my favorite things to write, but for some reason I haven’t been able to get it right yet. I’ll be very honest here, I struggle reading these fics because I’m such a Stucky shipper and in my eyes when those two boys have each other they don’t need a third person messing that up. But then during my holiday break I just started writing and somehow these characters came to life for me and I could see a story there. Finally! :)





Chapter Text
Your hands were shaking as you stuffed some of your belongings into your suitcase. You blindly grabbed the first things you could find, some clothes, your favorite books, laptop, underwear. You had to be quick, if you stalled, if you hesitated even for a second, you’d lose the will to actually go through with this.Your eye sight was blurred by tears, you couldn’t even remember when you’d started crying again. You angrily wiped them from your cheeks and closed the suitcase. You took your coat and your purse and allowed yourself one last look at your room. It was nothing more than a big comfortable bed and a closet, it didn’t seem like much at all looking at it right now, yet for the past year this place had been everything to you. It was only ever supposed to be a temporary solution, all you were looking for was a roof over your head. You’d gotten a lot more than that.A home, a safe haven, and the love of two of the most amazing men you’d ever meet.Just thinking of what you were about to lose shattered your heart into a million tiny pieces. But you didn’t have a choice. It was the only right thing to do.You pulled your suitcase into the hallway, trying to be quiet so you wouldn’t wake them.Steve’s bedroom door was ajar, it wasn’t unusual for him to leave it open for you in the mornings, giving you the option to join him should you choose to, never any hard feelings if you didn’t. It sounded so tempting right now, to just slip in there, into the warmth of his comfortable bed and the safety of his strong arms. Fuck doing the right thing, Steve was in there right now waiting for you, ready to kiss those tears away and make it all better. This didn’t have to be the morning it all ended, it could just be another perfect morning like you’ve had so many before. Lazy morning cuddles followed by slow morning sex until you were both sated, or until Steve had to leave for work and he had to pry himself out of bed.By the time you got out of the shower Bucky would already be waiting for you in the kitchen, your cup would be filled with coffee and he’d be making your eggs just the way he knew you liked them. Then easy morning conversations over breakfast with Bucky’s hand soothingly on your back while you played with his hair. Followed by more kisses that tasted of coffee and sleep and him trying to convince you to call in sick from work and spend the rest of the day with him.No matter how much your heart ached for them you knew those mornings were no longer an option. You swallowed down your tears and moved away from the hallway.To stay now would be selfish, and they didn’t deserve your selfishness, not after everything they gave to you. They deserved their happiness and if that meant sacrificing your own it was a price you were willing to pay.It had taken you a while to see it but it was crystal clear to you now: nobody on this entire planet had ever loved anyone more than Steve Rogers loved Bucky Barnes, and nobody on this entire planet had ever loved anyone more than Bucky Barnes loved Steve Rogers.And there was no room for a third person in this scenario.It was the most painful, harsh truth you’d ever had to face but you knew you had to accept it. You’d been living in a fairytale for too long and it was finally time to wake up.You put on your coat and carefully shut the door of the apartment behind you.By the time Bucky and Steve woke up you’d be long gone and out of their lives, and everything could finally be as it should be.****

-1 year ago-

“I’m sorry but both your latest applications have been denied.”Maria, the employee behind the desk in front of you, was polite but you knew she was just doing her job and probably couldn’t wait to get rid of you and move onto the next customer.You sighed in frustration and leaned back in the chair. “It’s just…what am I supposed to do? I can’t get an apartment without a job but nobody will hire me if I can’t give them an address.”“Where have you been staying these past months?” Maria asked while she was staring at her computer.“With a friend,” you lied,” but I can’t stay there for much longer, I need to find a place of my own.”“Where is this friend located?”“She’s…I’d rather not say.”“Where have you been staying, Y/N?” she asked again and this time her eyes met yours. You could see genuine sympathy in there and you sighed.“In my car, okay,” you confessed,” I’ve been staying in my car.”“You’re homeless?”“I’m not homeless
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
stucky au
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Minor Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Threesome - F/M/M
Slow Burn
Emotional Baggage
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate universe - they are veterans not superheroes
Sharing a Bed
First Time Blow Jobs
Nightmares
Domestic Fluff
Explicit Language

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

