Chapter 1: can we climb this mountain (i don't know)
    




Chapter Text
They were not longer runaways, they were on the run. She hadn’t known the difference when she was safe and happy (ignorant, but happy) in Brentwood.She knew the difference now, and so did her friends (or should she say her team? It sounded like she was talking about little league, this was all so freaking weird.) That didn’t stop them from acting like teenagers (maybe children as the case may be) all the freaking time. “We are not leaving behind Gert’s dinosaur-” Karolina had her hands up, trying to placate an argument that had been raging between Gert and Alex, and that was just getting more and more heated (and loud, so, so loud). Being on the run wasn’t so bad. She didn’t have to go to church (which had lost its appeal after seeing her mom try to murder a pershiner), she got to be with her friends and Nico.  She liked braiding Molly’s hair, and listening to Gert rant about whatever was on the radio (political or musical). She liked waking up and smelling sea salt, or eucalyptus, and she could pretend they were camping, and that their parents being serial killers was all a horrible, terrible nightmare.Now, hey were in the mountains, the smell of fresh water and pine, standing in front of a beautiful cabin. She wanted to be hiking or making out with Nico the in a hammock that was hanging a few feet away, not playing referee for two other seventeen year olds, who were now just rehashing the same fight they had already had a dozen times. “Old Lace-” Gert corrected.“Right,” Karolina amended, fighting the urge to roll her eyes, “Old Lace.”They had just barely escaped from their parents, who had tracked them down from a local police tip off in Stockton; now they were hiding out in vacant vacation cabin near Lake Tahoe, and despite everything they had just been through, they were still having this argument. The points never changed, Gert needed Old Lace, and the rest agreed she was an asset, while Alex thought she was a tactical risk. He was outvoted, again, she didn’t know why he couldn’t just drop it.(Sure Old Lace, ate up there dwindling food budget, but you don’t look a gift dinosaur in the mouth.)Alex was always the man with the plan, which was great and had helped keep them alive. It didn’t make him great with compromise. He was in an especially bad mood today, he had seen his father when they escaped (none of them did well when they glimpsed there parents, even now it hurt Karolina in a place she didn’t know existed.)“Even if she didn’t make Gert happy, we have a freaking dinosaur,” Nico piped in, she had been trying to help placate, but she wasn’t quite as… diplomatic, as Karolina was.“ I think we should use an advantages we can get.”“Of course you are taking her side,” Alex muttered, looking pointedly between Nico and Karolina. “What did you say,” Nico turned her head so fast Karolina was worried she would hurt herself, “Say it again Wilder-”Nico and Alex were doing better than they were, but she was still raw from the betrayal. The thought turned Karolina’s stomach, she really wanted everyone to get along and focus on the task at hand (but the thought of Alex lying to Nico about her sister made her so angry-)“Karolina are you Ok?” Gert interjected, her face suddenly ghostly white. “Why wouldn’t I be,” Karolina furrowed her brow, “I don’t love it when you guys fight, and I have a headache from the yelling-”“Your bleeding.” Karolina looked down, and sure enough there was a blood stain the size of a silver dollar on her shirt, and it was growing. “Shit,” Gert said, “You must have ripped your stitches, how did you not feel that?”Karolina shrugged. “Adrenalin?” Nico glared at Alex as she said that, as though it was his fault (which it wasn’t, but she wasn’t always rational when it came to him).“Nico,” Karolina said quietly, Nico turned to her, looking guilty. She sighed, she didn’t want her to feel guilty, but getting mad at Alex wasn’t going to help either. “I’ll patch you up,” Nico muttered, “Let’s go inside.”Nico weaved her arm, carefully around Karolina, careful not to touch her wound on her side. She was suddenly thankful for the support, her legs feeling more wobbly by every passing second. “Can you guys table this fight for latter,” Karolina called out to Gert and Alex, before they could start arguing again; she started to feel queasy, even as Nico helped her walk inside, “Or finish the fight before you guys come inside?”“We are done arguing,” Gert said, she turned at looked at Alex, “Right?”Alex looked appropriately mollified, and he nodded mutely. “Great,” Nico muttered, “Come on, let’s get you inside.”The cabin had a big front room, the kitchen melding into the living room, with wood floors, and wooden paneled walls, Karolina leaned awkwardly against the back of the couch when they walked inside. She wasn’t sure how she missed ripping her stitches, her side was now smarting like a mother-“Take your shirt off,” Nico said, her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Karolina Dean/Nico Minoru

freeform: 
Canon Compliant
Post-Canon
Post 1x10
On the Run
Fluff and Angst
The White Van
Cuties
Established Relationship
Team Dynamics
Team as Family
Karolina POV
Explicit Sexual Content
Nico POV

fandom: 
Karolina Dean/Nico Minoru

