Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 The comforting scent of the hayloft helped alleviate some of the cold pain rooted deep in Tony’s chest. Curled up amidst the neatly stacked bales, furthest away from both the ladder and the hay chutes that lead down to the stables below, the young man let himself cry quietly. There was no other sound close by, aside from the shuffling of the horses underneath the loft and the soft sounds of gentle mastication as they occupied themselves with their food, meaning that if he wanted, Tony could sob as loudly as he wished.  No-one else came in here at this time of day, anyway.  Outside, night had fallen, a cold snap brushing the fields with frost and rendering the pasture unpalatable for the war-horses cooped up cosily in their boxes. Tony had brought them all in himself, still aching both emotionally and physically, and he had known they had sensed his distress. One of their fieriest geldings, Minnow, who was renowned for refusing to be caught and taking you on a wild jolly around the rolling fields, had walked straight up to him without any fuss or complaint, snuffled at his neck gently, and let himself be led inside, meaning he didn’t have to trek half a mile around the pasture and catch a chill. The quiet, reassuring companionship he’d received in the wake of a truly awful evening had soothed his soul somewhat.  Tony looked down at his arm, purpling awfully in the shape of his step-father's hand. He gently traced the blurred edges with his free fingers, noting the areas that were excruciatingly sore to the touch thanks to the deep grooves marked out by solid silver rings. Another was blossoming on his face, just around his eye socket and cheekbone, and several more painted themselves over his back and chest. Thanks, Obie, Tony thought.  He was just thankful that his stomach was safe - free from the wailings of a man who enjoyed toying with Tony’s reality like a child enjoys teasing a dog with a hunk of meat - usually it was just a slap around the face for being insolent (because Tony loved nothing more than getting a rise out of his step-father), but Obadiah had been both heavy on the drink tonight and heavy on losing in the card games he'd inevitably found himself playing. Whilst the physical wounds hurt, they were nothing compared to the emotional ones he was nursing.  Being unceremoniously dumped from what had seemed like a loving relationship like a sack of rotten potatoes would do that to a person. Obadiah had warned him though, Tony thought sadly as he reached into his pocket to produce the only remnant of his tangible past. He had told Tony that it would end in tears for no-one but himself when the time came, but Tony had continued with it anyway, foolish enough to think that he was more than a stupid omega bedwarmer for the two lords, more than a hole to fuck to preserve their marital purity.  And now look at where it had landed him: curled up alone in the hayloft of the stables, beaten and bruised by his step-father and pregnant with a bastard child of either one of the men he’d given his heart to. Sniffing sadly, Tony traced his thumb over the small wolf dangling from the fine silver chain. It was tarnished slightly, from years of fingers rubbing over it in times of worry or delight, but it was a constant reminder than he’d had something before this life here - whether it be a group of friends with whom he’d gone out pick-pocketing with, or even a family who’d been bestowed with this exquisite gift of craftsmanship.   He liked to think it was the latter.  The sound of rustling caught his ears, but he didn’t move, knowing the familiar gait of Toot the stable-cat. She padded up to him, eyes half-mast, tail relaxed, and settled in the curve of his body, tucked up against the barely noticeable swell of his stomach. Tony gazed down at her, hot tears dribbling down his cheeks as he tangled his fingers in her tabby fur.  Tomorrow was the wedding between Lord Steve and Lord Bucky, a joyous affair for both  the lord’s home counties as they came together as one to build a stronger future. There was rumour even that the King and Queen themselves would make their way up to formally give their blessing to the pair, even despite the fact they were an unlikely marital couple to begin with, as an alpha-alpha set. Tony wondered if they’d fall in love with a female omega, ask her to bear their pups for them and cherish her the way they’d seemingly cherished Tony before he’d been discarded like a broken marionette. He stroked his stomach gently, tired out from the emotional day.  Tomorrow would be the wedding. The day after, Tony would be gone.  — Under different circumstances, Tony probably would have appreciated the day in a much more positive light. As it was, he spent most of it helping out with the servants after he’d brushed all the horses and waxed the tack for the parade that was held after the church ceremony as the newly married couple made their way from the altar to the castle 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Misunderstandings
Angst
Alternate Universe - Medieval
Sort Of
Past Abuse
by Obadiah cus we all know he's a tosspot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

