Work Text:
Loki was not new to the experience of drugs. He’d tasted any number of intoxicants, stimulants, hallucinogens and other assorted chemical cocktails over the years - and if he hadn’t liked most of them (he preferred to keep a clear head, thank you), there were a few that had been...fun.Sakaar liked them a great deal more. And the Grandmaster possibly more than most of Sakaar. Loki took one look at the drink he was being offered, at the Grandmaster’s smile, and knew without asking that there was something in it other than alcohol. He brought it up to his nose and sniffed, but all he could smell was unfamiliar spices and the tang of liquor. Asking what was in it would probably be rude. Loki had learned very quickly that it was a very bad idea to be rude. “Drink up,” the Grandmaster said brightly. “Why, thank you,” Loki said, and took it. It...tasted good, at least. Sweet, with a slight tang. He held it in his mouth a moment, trying to detect any hint of what he should be expecting, but couldn’t feel anything other than a faint tingle on his tongue that could mean anything. “You and me,” the Grandmaster said, reaching out and brushing his fingers along Loki’s jaw. “We’re going to have so much fun, aren’t we?” Loki wished that didn’t sound so much like a threat.He wished the fact that it did didn’t send a thrill down his spine.
It didn’t take long to figure out what had been in the drink.His body felt warm and relaxed, like he’d sunk into a hot bath; languid and loose and slightly - pleasantly - aroused. Nothing pressing, nothing too intense, just a lazy kind of want settled in his loins - though he suspected as he continued to drink that might change. He’d expected something more nefarious. This was almost...nice. If he just let go a little, surrendered to the sensation and rode it out…He could enjoy this. “Hello again,” said the Grandmaster, right behind him, and Loki just managed not to jump. He didn’t manage not to shiver, the warm breath on his ear - a very nice sensation. “Hello again,” he echoed, turning around with a smile. “How’s my favorite guest?” He asked. “Having a good time? That’s - very important to me, you know.”Loki raised the glass in his direction. “I certainly am. Whatever you used in this...it’s quite nice.”The Grandmaster’s smile widened. “Isn’t it, though? Come here, let’s see where you are.” He crooked a finger and Loki went, only realizing after how quickly he’d obeyed. He felt the brief urge to frown, but quickly lost it when the Grandmaster brushed his fingers against Loki’s jaw. He shivered, a current seeming to flow through his whole body from that point of contact, spreading out through him, sparking that comfortable warmth into something more. He almost felt his eyes glaze over, briefly, and when he blinked his head clear the Grandmaster was looking at him with raised eyebrows and a decidedly pleased smile. “Oh, good,” he said. “I was just - guessing, really, you never really know what’s going to...work out.” Loki shook himself a little until his head cleared. Sort of. That only lasted until the Grandmaster slid his hand around the back of Loki’s neck, thumb stroking down the side of his throat. His body responded with alacrity. He could almost feel his blood surge, a tug deep in his belly that pulled him to step closer, each slow stroke of his thumb on Loki’s skin sending a shudder of heat through him. Embers fanning into flame, and by the time the Grandmaster stopped, Loki was almost panting. “Ooh,” he said, as Loki stared at him trying to clear his hazy thoughts. “That’s...you’re doing great. Are you usually sensitive, or…? Because you’re very...very responsive.” Loki’s face felt distinctly warm. “Ah...it’s been a while.” “Really? No one’s…? That’s just - a crying shame. Unbelievable.” The Grandmaster shook his head sadly. “Well. We can fix that, absolutely.” This wasn’t how I thought this was going to go, Loki thought about saying, but he had a feeling he really should have thought this was exactly how it was going to go. It wasn’t like he hadn’t known there was a possibility. He just would have thought that he might have more time. Or warning. Or options.Well. That was all...academic, now, wasn’t it?What wasn’t...was the Grandmaster dropping his hand to squeeze Loki’s shoulder, then chucking him under the chin. The way even that patronizing, condescending touch made him gasp, his cock starting to fill. (Even? Or was that ‘especially’?)“Your problem,” the Grandmaster said, both hands now on Loki’s shoulders and massaging, the sensation almost blissfully good, “is that you think too much. It’s not always a bad thing, I don’t like them pretty and stupid - all right, I don’t like all of them pretty and stupid - but sometimes you gotta know how to stop thinking and just...feel.”Loki inhaled slowly and let it out in an uneven exhale. He smiled weakly. “I am...feeling.” His whole body was warm, shading toward hot, and he wanted...more. The Grandmaster’s hands on his should
[starting tags]
relationship: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
Loki/Other(s)

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Drugged Sex
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Aphrodisiacs
Alien Sex
Sakaar (Marvel)
Extremely Dubious Consent
all the way to that non-con warning
Dark
Creepy
Unhealthy Relationships
Power Dynamics
Electricity
Truth Serum
this is not a very nice fic
Anal Sex
Sex Toys
Oral Sex
Sounding
Orgy
Overstimulation
Orgasm Denial
Forced Orgasm
Temporary Amnesia
horrific porn? is that a genre?
look. look
Hallucinations

fandom: 
En Dwi Gast | Grandmaster/Loki
Loki/Other(s)

