Chapter 1: Clint
    




Chapter Text
They were just about finished with the mission. Peter was up against the wall, breathing heavily. He finished clearing out an area of civilians and Tony told him to rest while he distracted some Hydra guys, and to be honest, he really wasn't complaining. He decided it would be best to stay with Hawkeye, so he could tell Peter if he saw anything. They were near the top floor of some abandoned parking garage. As his heart rate finally slowed down, he felt the familiar tingle at the base of his skull. He looked out over railing to see what was the problem            “Something wron-” Clint was cut off by multiple explosions below them. It shook the floor and soon after they were falling. Peter lost sight of his fellow avenger when a slab snagged at his ankle, pulling him faster. He felt the sharp jab of concrete on his spine as he landed on his back, his entire body under another slab. He was just able to turn his head and look out into the daylight, now slightly clouded by dust and debris.            “HELP!” his voice was weak and small.            “SOMEONE! I'M TRAPPED! PLEASE HELP!” he turned his head back and closed his eyes, trying to keep his breathing steady. His mind immediately started to remember the night with Toomes. No one was there to help him, he was alone-            “Hey there Petey,” no, no he wasn't here, he's in jail, HE'S NOT HE-            “We're the same Peter, we could work together!”            “..no….you're n-not here..” he looked over and saw him looking through the small space, smiling like a maniac.            “......g-go away…...don….don’t k-kill me…”            “Peter, let me help you, Peter. Peter! PE-”            “-TER! Come on, I need you awake buddy!” suddenly, it wasn't Vulture's mask, but the worried face of Clint.            “That's it's Peter, I'm gonna move this off of you, but you need to move out from under as soon as I do, I can't keep it up for long.” Peter nodded, still trying to calm down.             “Ok. 3, 2, 1!” The pressure was slightly lifted and Peter was able to move out. He had snaked passed Hawkeye's legs and was out, the avenger dropping the slab. He tried to sit up, but his shoulder was worse now and his ribs felt terrible.            “Shit,” He felt Clint wrap something around his arm, not a bandage, probably apart of his shirt or something. He tapped Peters face lightly.            “Keep those eyes open kid, can't have you sleeping on me,” he pressed the comm in his ear,”Hey, Peter hurt over here, they set explosives below us and he got stuck.” he could hear Tony yelling in the other side.            “Is he ok? Did you pu-”            “Yeah, I got him out, something punctured his right shoulder and his ribs are definitely bruised, maybe a couple broken. Just send over the Quinjet so I can get him actual bandages.” Tony’s voice either got quieter or he was about to pass out, barely even able to keep his eyes open. The last thing he saw was the jet landing before his eyes shut and he passed out.                                                                                                                                                     ……            When Peter woke up, he was lying on the medical table in the jet. He could make out the other Avengers talking near the front. The only one who wasn’t up was Clint, who was sitting next to him. He was wrapping a cut on his arm when he noticed Peter was awake.            “You good kid?” Peter was about to nod, but a pain his chest cut him off and he ended up groaning. Clint laughed quietly. None of the Avengers had noticed the two were talking. Clint pulled up a chair closer to the small bed.            “Do you wanna talk about it?” Peter was confused until he remembered what had happened-my little episode. He noticed Peter was uncomfortable and smiled.            “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to, but I’m always free, all of us are.” He made a small gesture toward the group, now hunched over a table. Peter stayed silent, looking up at the ceiling. He knew he could trust them, and it was in the past, not like they could do anything about it, even if they got mad.            “When I was fighting Vulture that last time, I had found him in some old warehouse. His suit….the, uh, the wings, they tore down the support beams. He left before me and everything fell. There were….literal tons of concrete on top of me. I didn’t have Starks suit, I had my old one. I hung up the phone with Ned earlier and even if I did the phone was crushed……….I had no one to call, I was just, alone, and trapped. When that building exploded, and I was pinned again, all I could see was him, just looking at me.” He took a deep breath, risking a glance back at Clint. He looked sad,  but it wasn't pitying. It was almost, understanding.            “Sorry, I ramble a lot and-”            “It’s fine, I get it. Not the whole trapped thing, but that feeling, of being alone.” They both fell si
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Feels
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Deaf Clint Barton
Awesome Clint Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Helpful Natasha Romanov
Helpful Pepper Potts
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective Bucky Barnes
Flash is an Asshole
Brainwashed Avengers
Avengers are evil
Hydra (Marvel)
Hydra attacks Avengers
Tags Are Hard
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Character Death
Blood and Violence
Grieving

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

