Work Text:

  Was Tony trying to kill Barnes in Siberia?  
It was a routine assessment. Ever since the Accords were stabilized and most of the amendments were approved and compromise was reached for all sides, assessments of ability (not to mention personality traits) became the norm. As even the veterans trained and improved and new members were added, some sort of organization and division were needed.Now any time that a new member is added to the active roster and even those in reserve, there is a battery of tests performed to see where he or she will fit better in overall strategies of where they are located.This was the first time Steve and co were watching the Avengers from the American western shore, based in California, doing it in New York. Something about their Compound being cleared out because of, cough, hazardous substances being spilled in the labs, no one actively stared at Bruce and Hope but they were all thinking it. It was also the first time since they came back to US that Steve heard Tony’s voice instead of just seeing the engineer from afar, “My workshop!” the engineer was whining and half draped over Bruce like a glorified cape, who was making pretty good time considering he was literally carrying a man that was both taller and heavier than he is. Tony’s feet were limply dragging through the floor.“There, there, Tony.” Bruce’s usually distracted voice was replaced by the slightest tinge of guilt.“Seriously, change the track! You have been crying ‘My workshop!’ for the entire trip.” Rhodes carefully made his way inside, sending everybody a completely deadpan look and a glare towards Steve.That was not unusual, every time Rhodes was required to coexist with any of the ‘Exvengers’, he looked like he wanted to be anywhere else or remove them somewhere else, which was probably the plain true.Behind them, Vision, Jennifer, Hope and Carol were staring at their teammates with amused expressions but Hope, like Bruce, had the hint of guilt in hers. A little further behind, Loki was calmly talking with Scott Lang. Also the first time since they came back that Steve was seeing Scott.The second they landed, he was swarmed away by a battalion of lawyers being led by Jennifer Walters and Matt Murdock. Hope van Dyne and her father impatiently waiting for them in a private jet. Steve sometimes had news from them and Scott once contacted them just to tell he was ‘ok’. But it seems that his parole problems were finally settled. Something about working his sentence off as an Avenger.“Oh, hey guys, long time no see.” He waved at them a little.“I was informed by Coulson that you were made aware of the reasons we are here.” Rhodes was polite enough not to interrupt Scott but he was clearly past pleasantries and the way he positioned himself between Steve and co and where Tony was still clinging to Bruce, just enough distance put that they couldn’t hear them, made clear what he thought.“Uh, yes.”“Good.” And the colonel headed for the simulation rooms.“You are welcome to watch, Mr. Rogers.”  The Accords liaison for the western coast Avengers was a young man that was very hard to impress. The fact that he didn’t even stutter when meeting Tony or Steve was heavily taken into account for his position.Such as now. Most of the team liked to watch the assessment of new teammates and give their own encouragement or have an actual informed opinion when assigning a post for the possible rookie.Steve swallowed but with a sigh he followed after Vision’s cape. At the corner of his eye, he could see Wanda squirming, clearly wanting to approach Vision but not knowing how with his cool indifference.Bucky and Clint were right behind him and Steve didn’t know where Nat is most of the time this days but Sam usually made sure to participate in team activities. Sure enough, the former airman was already waiting there.“OK, Scott, since you have just recently been approved for the Avengers roster, then you know the proceedings but not the settings, Iron Man will show how it’s done and what you can expect. We have already tested your reflexes, intellect, skill with and without the suit, what you bring to the table aside from your tech enhancements. The only thing left is a demonstration of overall abilities.” Jennifer finished while motioning for Tony.The room was enormous and surrounded by a one way bullet (Hulk, actually) proof glass for better view.Tony spoke clearly, “Level Assessment, base level.” The images were real enough, the life decoys were top of the art and the scenario was a familiar one, at least for Rhodey, that immediately recognized Hammer/Vanko’s knockoff armors from almost eight years ago. Not surprising since the technology used is based on the B.A.R.F and therefore used your own neural oscillations to project the simulation.Jennifer was explaining while Tony’s Extremis build the nanotech armor around the engineer, “As you see, the simulation room will use things pulled directly from your memories. They will be s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Extremis!Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Sarcastic!Rhodey
Indifferent Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

