Work Text:
Steve slams into Tony again, hard, and watches his cock cage bounce. Inside it, Tony's cock is flaccid. The cage is a snug fit, too small and tight for Tony to grow even semi-erect. He's designed it himself. Of course it's a good fit. Tony is on his back, his feet on Steve's shoulders, his hands cuffed to the bedpost. His eyes are tightly shut, and the expression on his face could be pleasure, could be agony. Steve would bet it's both. Steve isn't fucking him very fast, just hard, pulling out slowly, then punching back in, just to see those eyes scrunch up tighter on every thrust, just to make him open that mouth and moan. Steve is pretty big, in girth. Tony's entrance... isn't really. Steve loves how tight a fit it is, almost like that cage clutching at Tony's cock. He wants to fill him up, to feel every possible inch of Tony's insides around him, but also he wants to stretch him out more, to make him feel the sweet burn. Tony isn't a big fan of that. He wasn't really a fan of the inflatable anal plug they tried once. He said Steve's cock was quite enough of a stretch for him. Grabbing at Tony's asscheeks, Steve pulls them apart, hard, to put more tension on Tony's hole, because something dark in him wants it, maybe just because Tony doesn't. To do it, and still give him pleasure, make him admit it he likes it – that's what Steve wants. He slams back in. Tony's yelp is more on the side of pain and surprise this time, but, right after it, while Steve is still buried deep, Tony moans, "My cock. Steve." Because he's dying for the touch by now, which is exactly what he isn't going to get. And then, forcing both his eyes open and apparently remembering the cage, "Fuck, Steve. My balls. Anything.", and Steve almost comes right at that moment. This is what seals the deal for him. He pulls Tony's feet off his shoulder, pushing them forward, holding them down firmly with his forearm. Tony's knees are now on Tony's chest. Tony moans. Almost blindly, Steve smears his index finger in the lube, copious around the asshole. Then, his cock still buried inside, he probes at the rim with his fingertip, and then, roughly (because there is no helping it anyway) pushes it inside – just a little, just to the first knuckle. Tony's hole is gummy and firm, and it clutches at Steve's finger frantically. The brunette sucks in a sharp breath. "What the hell..." Wriggling his dick inside, circling his hips for better fit, Steve forcibly pushes the rest of the finger in, then raises his eyes to Tony's face. Tony's eyes are wide open, staring at him. "Fuck, Steve, you know I don't like that." "I know," whispers Steve. 'Shhh." As Steve starts to pull his finger out, Tony breaths out in relief, but it's too early. Finger out to the first knuckle, Steve pushes it back in, relishing in the way Tony's asshole is clutching at him, relishing in the way it grabs at  his dick like a fist, as if it could stop him by simply clenching. By tightening his muscles, Tony is just making the matters worse for himself. Steve thinks maybe that's exactly what Tony wants. In the end he glances at his face. There is a mild look of betrayal in Tony's eyes, and it stings for a moment, but it turns into acceptance in a bit, just like Steve knew it would, just like it always does when he pushes the limits. "All right," Tony croaks, "all right if that's what you... Just be careful, okay?" Steve forces a second finger in, and Tony cries out sharply. Now it's Steve's fat cock, buried in Tony to the hilt, and two of his large, powerful fingers, up to the first knuckle. Steve pulls them apart, just a little bit, stretching him further, just to feel it, just to sense that desperate clenching again, all around the length of his cock, just to hear Tony's desperate whimpering. Then he presses the fingers in, deeper. "No." The word is sharp, pained, more like an exhale than a real word. "Steve, please." But Steve knows there is this hunger in Tony, this darkness that likes to be courted, that makes him want things he shouldn't. Steve knows this, and besides, Tony could always safe word out if he really wanted to, so it's obvious he doesn't. He crooks both his fingers inside Tony, sharply, and rolls his hips again. Tony's hiss of pain comes out intermixed with a wet whimper, and Steve sees his face contort, but he also sees his cock twitch, cage and all. This is when he pushes both fingers all the way in, as far as they would go, too impatient to wait any longer, and fucks his dick in and out, forcefully. Tony's loud cry is anguished, but he's not really saying anything. He suffers beautifully, impaled on Steve's cock, on his fingers. He writhes in pain and tries to accept what Steve has to dish out. He knows Tony loves the pain. One day maybe Steve will be able to reach deep enough to scratch that horrible itch in the man, that terrifying need to be put through worse and worse every time. Steve focuses on Tony's face. The brunette is saying something. At first qu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Non-Consensual
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Object Insertion
Double Anal Penetration
Handcuffs
disregarding safe words
established sexual relationship of sorts
Painful Sex
Cock Cages
Sadism
begging to stop
Crying
Cock Slapping
Forced Orgasm
Exactly What It Says on the Tin
Hurt No Comfort
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

