Work Text:
It’s an accident - a mistake - but it’s a choice he makes all the same. It’s the kind of decision that Peter feels in the palms of his hands like a burn, as though he’s wrapped his hands around scorching metal like he’s temporarily forgotten how dangerous it is. It’s the kind of mistake Peter makes like he doesn’t think it will cause him misery in the days to follow. It’s a lapse in judgment and it isn’t as though Peter hasn’t had enough of those to fill his own self-help guide, but he still blunders into it like his second sense isn’t plucking away at his brain in a way that should remind him that  this is something bad .This isn’t the first time he’s met Deadpool. This isn’t even the fifteenth time he’s met Deadpool. He’s met Deadpool a hundred times if he’s met him once - meets him constantly, like New York isn’t home to eight and a half million other people he could run into. Deadpool shows up in the middle of the Avengers tower unannounced for movie night, like it’s somewhere he’s invited to be, and acts surprised when they’re divided on how to deal with him. He shows up when Peter is attempting to wrangle a giant slime creature back into the sewer and away from a crowded shopping mall it has decided it wants to try to eat. He shows up all of the god damned time and, after the sixth or seventh time, it becomes more of an annoyance - like a gnat that you keep swatting at but who really thinks you guys should chill together sometime - and less of a fully enraging, mind numbing experience.Deadpool is an earthquake - is a force of nature who shows up with little to no warning in varying degrees of intensity, with absolutely no regard for who or what is in his way, and with all the subtlety typically associated with natural disasters. The first couple of times it happens Peter tries to stop him, then he tries to ignore him, and then, when nothing else has worked, he finally tries to understand him. Which is an insurmountable obstacle all on its own, because Deadpool is barricaded behind carefully cultivated sarcasm and inappropriate jokes, and Peter is starting to think that maybe what he’s seeing is not exactly all that’s there. He’s starting to wonder how much of Deadpool’s persona is just for show.Everything happens because Peter can’t turn his back when there are people who need help. There’s some maniac with a bomb setting charges throughout the questionably moral headquarters of a group doing questionably ethical experiments and, despite their unfortunate life choices in terms of employment, they definitely don’t deserve to get blown the fuck up. Peter doesn’t realize how short on time he is, doesn’t realize how long it takes him to clear the building and do one more headcount, and by the time he realizes he’s out of time it’s already way too late.When the trembling of the walls settles to something less ominous, and the adrenaline paves the way for the uneasiness that crawls its way through the wreckage to find him, Peter is still alive.  The ringing in his ears begins to clear, accompanied by the buzzing and flickering of electricity struggling to find stability above him. There is a rumbling through the linoleum floor that feels like thunder, but the dust doesn’t settle. It lays thick in the air like fog, mineral fibers and tiny particles of plaster floating through the haze of emergency lights like snow - thick like the confusion and disorientation in his own head.There is glass cracking underneath his shoulder blades as he breathes. The linoleum is wet and slick and red. There are two large arms bracketed beside his head that Wade is using to hold himself above him, even if his mask is so close to Peter’s face he thinks he can see the way the fibers weave together in his suit. The heat of his body is warm amidst air that is already stifling, but there’s a chill in the set of Peter’s spine that doesn’t belong there that he can’t seem to shake. Part of him feels trapped, cornered and defensive, and another part of him feels something stick in his throat that feels unmistakably like nerves. He tries and fails to remember a time he’s willingly let Deadpool get this close before.“That’s not a gun in my pocket, but I am happy to see you,” Wade says, in casual reference to the piece of rebar that has impaled so far through his upper thigh, through bone and muscle and tendons, that Peter can feel it bruising into his own hip. “Don’t get me wrong, your self-sacrificing nature is charming in its own way - kind of like a puppy who chews your shoes up and then shits in them - but maybe we don’t need to run into every burning building to save every worthless motherfucker still breathing. Speaking of breathing - you might want to reconsider your intimate relationship with oxygen until all this chemical shit in the air settles.”Peter does try to think of a comeback, tries to think of anything to say to put them back on equal footing, but the words won’t come. He’s stricken by the memory of the floor g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Wall Sex
Angst
Porn with Feelings
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

