Work Text:
 Tony’s seen some weird shit.Arguably, this takes the cake of Things I didn’t expect to know about James Buchanan Barnes because Tony has a list. This, along with the Winter Soldier’s love of National Geographic was not on it.“I…have questions,” he begins slowly, “First of all, why? Second of all, why?”There was very little that came to mind when someone said, “Bucky’s room”, simply because Barnes didn't seem like the type to actually have anything in his quarters. Sure, he had the basics that every bedroom had: a connecting private bathroom, a double bed, a built-in wardrobe and closet, a desk, a small bookcase, and a flat-screen, but as for bits and bobs, personal effects and the like, nothing really came to mind.After reading Barnes’ file the first time he moved into the Compound, Tony honestly expected it to be sparse and Spartan in nature as if no one lived there. He was still of the mind to believe no one did because how?Barnes shuffled his socked feet almost nervously which was interesting to see because there was literally no space, and somehow the guy built like a tree managed it. Looking like a fidgety woodland creature to boot with those large Bambi eyes of his.“I needed…things,” he decides slowly as if afraid of Tony’s response which one, was ridiculous, Tony always tried to be conscientious about Barnes’ situation and methods of coping, and two, he’s more shocked than anything. But also. Tony did just wake up from a nap and found himself definitely not on the couch where he collapsed so he could be forgiven for taking a few minutes to process that Barnes was some kind of hoarder.“And these things,” Tony begins, taking in the literal boxes surrounding him like cardboard towers, their contents unknown, “Do they, have significance?”He nods. “They’re important.”“That’s…great.” Tony clears his throat, “So, uhm, why am I here?”Barnes opened his mouth, seemingly temporarily at a loss, before he declares, “I needed to protect you.”Tony’s brows lifts. “Protect me?” And now that he was looking at Barnes, he was dressed for it. The leather-clad suit did amazing things to the soldier’s bubble butt. The fact that he was wearing his uniform without the jacket and was only sporting the black tank top meant that glorious metal arm of his was on full display while every other human part of him was seemingly enhanced because yeah, I appreciate your muscle definition on a daily basis, but now I kinda want to lick them…Barnes nods slowly, though when no other answer was forthcoming, Tony rubs his face with both hands and shook his head free of the inappropriate thoughts starting to gather, muttering to himself, “Oh god, what the hell have I woken up to?” Aloud, though with his Super Soldier hearing, Tony doubted Barnes didn’t hear that part anyway, he asks, “I’ll bite, what are you protecting me from?”“Them,” Barnes nudges his chin towards the door that led to the hallway, a snarl curling the corner of his lip; the soft, nervous confusion of his blue eyes freezing to ice chips sharp enough to cut someone with, and oh. “You’re protecting me from the Rogues,” Tony repeats slowly, and again, there was a nod.“Right, right…” He clears his throat once more, then, delicately, “You realize I don’t need you to protect me.”Barnes didn’t seem to agree and his expression changed from agitated at the mention of the Rogues to sullenly resigned. It would be condescending if Barnes' brows weren't knitted together in concern.Not that he had to be concerned, really. Tony did know how to take care of himself. He had the entire Compound wired, of course, and Friday had his back whenever the rest of the New Avengers weren't physically around. Tony didn't need the Soldier watching out for him, however unhappy Barnes was with the Rogues and their behavior towards Tony, if Tony’s own observations could be believed, and if Rogers’ habit of accusing Tony of stealing Barnes was taken into account.It wasn’t like it was Tony’s fault that Barnes liked science and the future, and Barnes had the embodiment of both at his disposal working his magic in the workshop of the Compound.That Barnes had said, in not so many words, that he preferred Tony’s company was all the reason he needed to hoard Barnes away whenever he could.  Barnes never complained, in Tony’s defense, but it wasn’t like Barnes needed Tony to protect hi – oh. Tony sighs, rubbing his hands on the jeans he had been working in. No one should ever follow my examples ever. “Look, if I can’t sulk about this situation, neither can you, Red October. No one’s happy about this, but I don’t need protection from them.”At this stage, everyone but the Rogues themselves and the United States government was on Tony’s side especially after the social media movement (#TEAMIRONMAN) arose from someone uploading security footage of the German airport confrontation. Nearly everyone had a problem with the government’s decision to welcome back the Rogues and dump them on Tony’s doorstep. At the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
pining Bucky
Slightly oblivious Tony
Hoarding tendencies
National Geographic
not team Cap friendly
Literally this fic is dumb and I'm sorry
Protective Bucky
Socially confused Bucky
Friday tried to help
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

