Chapter 1



Notes:
In a world where The Pride is just a tightknit group of rich people who run a charity organization, and the runaways never stopped being friends. The Church of Giborim doesn’t exist because in this house we promote comics!Dean family where Karolina’s parents are just two famous actors from a TV show.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
It’s not love at first sight.When Karolina Dean first lays eyes on Nico Minoru, they’re six, and Karolina is too busy fighting with Gert over who gets to be Princess Peach in Mario Kart to even really notice Nico being ushered into the Wilder’s recreation room by her parents. Nico is shy, and closed off, and her older sister seems to run the show most of the time. So no, Karolina doesn’t look at Nico and fall head over heels the moment their eyes meet.Actually, if she recalls correctly, Nico kind of hates her at first, and it’s that fact that gets Karolina’s attention. Because Karolina is not used to not being liked. So, at six years old she decides to change Nico’s mind. She learns Nico likes magic, demands her dad buy her a magician’s kit, and masters how to make a coin disappear all in order to get Nico to talk to her. And while her trick fails, and Nico ends up having to teach Karolina what to do, her mission succeeds; and they’re inseparable from that day forward.But anyway, falling in love with Nico Minoru isn’t something that just ‘happens’ to Karolina. Actually, it’s kind of forced into existence all because of Alex Wilder.
“I need you to be my girlfriend.” Nico is red-faced and out of breath as she stands at the door to Karolina’s dorm room, and it takes a moment for Karolina to realize she hasn’t misheard her best friend.She doesn’t say anything at first. Can’t really say anything, because she’s promptly choking on the vegan pizza she’d been shoving down her throat seconds before Nico decided to turn their friendship upside down. And like, really? Nico knows how much of a struggle Karolina has finding good vegan anything on this campus. She could at least let her enjoy it.Karolina splutters over her mouthful, reaching for her water bottle to wash it down her throat, and she hears Nico let out a sigh before shutting the door behind her and approaching.“Come again?” Karolina manages out, eyes watering as she looks up at Nico while her friend pats her back gently.“I need you to be my girlfriend.” Nico repeats, more sure of herself this time round.“Right. Are you feeling okay?”The thing is, Karolina’s gay. Like, so fucking gay that she wouldn’t be surprised if she started glowing the fucking colors of the rainbow any day now.But Nico isn’t. So having her here, apparently asking her out, is kind out of the realm of things that should realistically be happening in Karolina’s dorm room.“Nico… I don’t really know what-”“Oh. Sorry. Fake girlfriend. Probably should’ve started with that.” Nico mumbles, apparently too caught up in whatever has her so stressed to consider that Karolina can’t read her mind and get answers herself.That, at least, takes the crushing weight off Karolina’s chest. But it still doesn’t explain much.“What are you going on about? Did you get high without me? I told you I’d try it with you next time!”“I’m not high.” Nico rolls her eyes, falling down next to Karolina on the bed, “I just… we have Pride vacation coming up.”Ah. Vacation. In the midst of finals, Karolina had almost forgotten about the annual Pride family trip. It had begun after the kids (all but Molly) had left for college, scattered across the country and separated for the better part of the year. The Pride’s great solution to the splitting of the almost obsessive bond between their families had been a compulsory vacation every summer. This year, it’s Hawaii.Although, still, Nico’s explanation doesn’t do much to actually make Karolina understand anything.“Right. Kauai. And?”“And Alex and Amy will be there. Together. Running around like they’re on their fucking honeymoon.” Nico spits, “They started dating a month after Alex broke up with me. It’s like he was just dating me because he couldn’t have Amy.”“So your solution is to date me?” Karolina brings a hand to her heart, feigning hurt, “I feel so used.”Nico’s clearly not in the mood for humor, and just looks back at Karolina pleadingly, “I can’t let him win, Karolina.” She says, her usually cool tone replaced with one of complete dejection, “He doesn’t get to show up happy with her and look at me like I’m some sad loner who can’t move on.”And well, fuck. Karolina’s never been able to say no to Nico on a normal day. So having her best friend looking at her like this, like she’s so broken and Karolina’s the only one she trusts to help her, really dooms her from the get go.Because it’s Nico. And she’s Karolina.So she’s agreeing to the whole façade before she considers how utterly horrible an idea it is.
“So we should probably decide on a backstory.”It’s one week before they
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Karolina Dean/Nico Minoru

freeform: 
a lot of unspoken words
and pining
and in general useless gays being useless
while gert and chase are adorable in the sidelines
Romance
Friends to Lovers
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Alternate Universe - College/University
Summer Vacation

fandom: 
Karolina Dean/Nico Minoru

