Work Text:
Peter’s eyes shot open. He was lying down, but he knew he wasn’t in his bed. There were heavy metal chains around his wrists and ankles, and a strap was fitted tightly around his forehead. But then again, a voice in the back of his head said, cutting through his panic, he could be in his bed. This could be another sick nightmare. It felt odd, wishing he was inside one. Usually, he’d rather be anywhere else.
Something touched his hand, and he screamed. Not a nightmare, then. He could never scream inside in his nightmares. Fear shot through him like a round of bullets, and he strained against the strap around his head.

“Peter,” someone hissed. “Peter.”
He writhed, trying to find the source. He saw nothing. He saw nothing. He couldn’t see. He screamed again, just because he could. Catharsis, his brain provided between rushes of adrenaline. Something scraped the bottom of his foot, and he jerked hard against the chains binding him to the table. (It was too hard to be a bed, he thought.)
“Peter,” the voice said again.

“Who are you?” Peter managed between rapid, shallow breaths. “What do you want?”

“Kill,” the voice said. “I want to kill.”

Peter was going to die. He was fourteen, and he was going to die. He hoped May would take care of herself without him. He forced himself to inhale, then exhale.

“Alright,” he said, voice shaking as he resigned, and the… thing laughed.

“Not you, Peter. Too simple.”

Peter felt something being ripped off his eyes, and light flooded his vision. He cringed against it, slamming his eyes shut. When he could finally bear to squint, he realized he was looking at a screen. And on that screen… was May. May, strapped to a table like his own, chains around her wrists and ankles, a strap around her head. She was crying, tears glistening on her cheeks, and Peter could see her mouth moving. Begging.
“No,” he said, horrified. “Please, no. I’ll do anything, just don’t hurt her.”
There was no response. On the screen, something moved in the shadows behind May, suspiciously metallic and sharp.

“No!” he shouted. “May!”

“People are coming for you, Peter,” the voice said. “We don’t have much time.”

The shadows on the screen shifted again, and Peter could see the silhouette of a gun. He thrashed against his restraints with all his might, trying to get to May. The chains didn’t even shift. 

“No!”

“Yes,” the voice hissed. “Kill.”

The gun was leveled at May’s head, and she closed her eyes. Peter could see her shaking. He screamed, writhing furiously. The chains bit at his wrists, and he felt something in his arm snap. He screamed again, just as the trigger was pulled. Air left his lungs in a rush as he stared at the brain matter and blood spattered on the screen. 

“NO! No no no no no-”

“Peter!”
“Peter!”Peter sat bolt upright, choking on a breath. His throat was sore, and his eyes swollen. He felt hands on his shoulders, pulling him into a warm embrace, and he let himself be held. His shoulders were shaking hard, and he felt a phantom pain in his wrists. “Peter,” someone said again, and Peter buried his face in the warm shoulder that he was pressed against. He let out a dry sob, gripping onto whatever he could find; this time, shirt fabric. “May,” he croaked, and he felt a hand circling his back gently.“I’m sorry, Peter.” It was Tony’s voice. He hated to bother Tony, but in that moment, he let selfishness take over. He didn’t want to let go. He felt safe in Tony’s arms. He would apologize later. His sense of time was skewed, but he knew that he must’ve stayed there for over an hour before he heard the door creak open, and Tony stiffened slightly around him.“Barnes,” he heard Tony mutter. “Not a good time.”“Pepper says she will kill you herself if you don’t get on the jet for DC now.”“I’m not leaving him.”He didn’t catch Bucky’s reply. All he knew was that there were soft fingers brushing through his hair, straightening it, and one of his own hands was enveloped by a metal one. He remained firmly conscious, but drifted in and out of awareness, listening to low voices murmur above him. He didn’t complain when he was lifted from Tony and pulled against Bucky. He felt a kiss on the top of his head, a squeeze of his shoulder, and his bedroom door was pulled shut after reluctantly retreating footsteps. Bucky continued to run his fingers through Peter’s hair, and Peter could feel himself draining. The next part was always the worst. Nothing. Somehow, feeling nothing was far more exhausting than fear. Peter spared a moment to acknowledge this before slipping away into the oblivion. Seconds turned to minutes. Minutes, to hours. He didn’t try to move until sunlight pierced the windows, slowly illuminating the room. Only then did he tilt his head, ever-so-slightly, and peer up at Bucky’s face. He found Bucky watching him, surprisingly soft-eyed, faintly assessing.“Sorry,” Peter whispered, his voice hoarse and only half there. Bucky shook his head, disallowing the apology. Peter let his muscle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Nightmares
Flashbacks
Survivor Guilt
what-ifs
Superfamily
Free Virtual Tissues
it's a sad one
Cuddling & Snuggling
emotional distress
Pancakes
Hair Club
Character Death

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

