Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 
Being a free man was a confusing experience for Bucky.He was sure he liked it, at least parts of it. Getting to choose what to do with his time; what he ate; when he could rest; Bucky liked that. But free will, options, preferences, choices; it was a lot to take in. Should he wear blue? Does he like peaches or plums? Is it safe to sleep here? He hadn’t made a choice for himself for over seventy-odd years.Romania had helped.It was a safe location, politically, that helped ease Bucky into being something other than the Asset, even if it wasn’t Bucky Barnes from days of yore, as Steve had hoped.During that time, Bucky discovered that he liked plums more than peaches and he only slept once he triple checked the locks and ensured he had a fully loaded glock and a knife somewhere in arms reach, but he still didn’t know if he should wear blue – so he settled, black – black was familiar, it was fine. He wore black.It was hard on some days going without mission parameters and orders; it was constantly buzzing in his head though that he – in a desperate attempt to make it stop – looked for a handler at one of Hydra’s old bases. Of course, by the time he found one, Bucky decided he didn’t quite like the handler’s tone and did away with the whole base, along with its personnel and data to boot. The buzzing in his skull became a barely-there hum. He liked that he decided to do that for himself.The mess that followed – Germany in particular – Bucky could barely remember.The Soldier deemed that survival was too important to deal with the everyday stressors of choice and preferences weighing them down. Bucky let him take the lead and only surfaced on the occasion that the Soldier required rest, a necessity without the cryo-freeze. The longest Bucky had been conscious after Romania was in the damned bunker, just before he had to watch the Soldier – himself – almost tear Stark apart, and he’d never tried harder to wrangle control from the Soldier before.But when it came to survival and instinct, the Soldier wouldn’t budge. Steve didn’t help matters.By the time they got to Wakanda, Bucky felt depleted, and neither he nor the Soldier was talking after their conversation on King T’Challa’s jet, at odds in such a way that they hadn’t been since they decided to co-exist so many decades before:I saved us, was the Soldier's confusion.Bucky snarled, We don’t deserve to be saved.Stubbornly, the Soldier defended, That’s not just your call, not in your state.It wasn’t just you that killed his parents, Bucky sulked.We need to survive, the Soldier insisted.
For what purpose? 

Mission objective. 
With a resigned sigh, Bucky retorted, We have none. And then the silence followed; going into cryo was the best option on the table. Choices, preferences, free will was nothing if Bucky couldn’t do choose. Not when he – the Soldier – still needed orders, parameters; purpose, and he didn't trust anyone to give them to him, to use him.Steve continued not to help matters, “I don’t think you should do it.” Small mercies that Steve hadn’t phrased it as an order, Bucky had thought with some bitterness.By the time he was defrosted, pardoned and given sanctuary in the Compound, Bucky still didn’t know what to feel.A man in an immaculate suit stopped short in front of the entrance of the Compound, watching them through tinted sunglasses. Stark. Bucky wanted to flinch away. He remembered him in bits and pieces outside of the confrontation in the bunker, in flashes of moments when the Soldier let him up for air during survival protocols. Bucky shot him in the face the first time they met, and then the last time, he almost pulled out his power source and left him in his coffin of a metal armor.Stark looked better; at least, Bucky noted regardless, an aftereffect of his years in service. He was well dressed, well-groomed and from the fit and mold of his three-piece, well taken care of. The Soldier's attention lingered, Bucky snapped his attention back into focus. No. “About damned time,” Hawkeye, declared, before turning his attention to Stark, and sneering, “Well if it isn’t the welcoming committee. Should we be honored that the billionaire whose successfully buying a clear conscious had time for the team he dumped on their asses?”In the few hours that Bucky actually spent with the archer, he found Barton a great irritant especially when Tony Stark was mentioned, and the news reports during the flight from Wakanda made it clear he would be mentioned often. In light of the media frenzy of “Civil War” Tony Stark returned from the Siberian bunker, seventy-two hours after their engagement a new man.Or, as Romanova said, the man he’d always been. She was quick to inform, Iron Man was recommended, Tony Stark was not.Even as Tony went up against the Accords Committee and the UN and the US government, played by their rules and twisted them around his fingers from his hospital bed. Bucky couldn’t divert the Soldier’s attention if he tri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
The Soldier as a separate personality
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
BAMF Tony Stark
not team Cap friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Tony could take over the world in this one
Bucky would help
the soldier needs a new mission
The Rogues move back into the Compound
Conversations between Bucky and the Soldier
Bucky and the Soldier co-existing
Slightly oblivious Tony
Friday is a good bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

