Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Big man in a suit of armour. Take that away, what are you?”
A glib answer sat on the end of Tony’s tongue but as he looked at Steve Rogers, he found himself swallowing it down and what came out of his mouth was something much harder and harsher.
“The guy who built the suit. In a cave. In Afghanistan. From a box of scraps. While being held captive and tortured.”
Dead silence reigned in the aftermath of his statement. He would have regretted the last bit but he was pretty sure that Fury and his minions already had a fair idea of what had happened to him, even without him actually telling them. They probably knew far better than he did what group like the Ten Rings did to their prisoners.
He could see the shock in Steve’s eyes but there was something else there as well, something darker and angrier. In a flash, Tony recognised it. He had seen before it, after all, in the eyes of business rivals, especially when he’d first taken over as CEO when he was twenty-one and they’d all thought they could dominate him and get him to kowtow to them. Steve was shocked and angry that he hadn’t backed down. That he hadn’t deferred to the opinion of the great Captain America. That he’d dared to challenge him and defy him instead of bowing and scraping and apologising for even breathing, let alone being a person in his own right.
He immediately wonder wondered if he’d seen that right or whether he’d made a mistake, because this was Captain America after all, but then Rogers spoke again.
“I know guys with none of what you’d been handed on a silver platter that are worth ten of you. I've seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.”
It was such a nonsensical thing to say, especially in the wake of what Tony had said, but now that his Captain America blinkers were gone, Tony could see the tactic for what it was – a power play. Rogers was ignoring what he’d said and trying to redirect the conversation to gain the upper hand so he could browbeat Tony into doing what he said.
Tony could feel something inside himself wanting to rise up and take the bait. To turn this into a fight, verbal, physical or otherwise. Which… wasn’t the way he operated. He’d been in this situation before and he never fought back. He tossed out some quips and on the odd occasion verbally eviscerated the idiot in front of him but he never went looking for a fistfight. His years being the smaller, younger, scrawnier kid in school and college had taught him how useless that tactic was, even with the training Aunt Peggy had given him. Which meant that whatever was goading him into picking a fight wasn’t him.
He whirled around and stared at the sceptre. “Son of a bitch,” he murmured.
“Don’t turn your back on me, Stark,” Rogers said, anger now lacing his voice rather than the contempt that had been there before.
Tony strode over towards the sceptre, deftly evading the hand that had been coming down on his shoulder with an ease that spoke of experience. Everyone else was just staring at him now. He could feel the weight of their eyes on his back. He stared down at the sceptre and the glowing blue stone in it, his mind whirring.
“Huh,” he finally said. “Brucie bear, want to bring those containment field anchors over here?”
No one but Bruce moved as he brought over the anchors Tony had asked for. Tony quickly set them up around the sceptre and gestured for Bruce to turn it on. The moment they hummed into life, the atmosphere in the room abruptly changed. 
Bruce shook his head and his eyes widened. Fury and Natasha looked unaffected but Tony could see the speculation in their eyes. Thor was frowning but Rogers… he was still glaring at Tony with frustrated anger.
“Stark?” Fury barked. “What the hell?”
“I think Loki’s been playing a game with us,” Tony said, looking at Fury and pointedly ignoring Rogers. “I thought capturing him was way too easy. He wanted us to have his little glowstick so it could screw with our minds. This containment field works to neutralise the sceptre’s energy.”
Fury took it in his stride, not even asking why Tony had rigged something like that up, just accepting it as Tony thinking ahead even for possibilities he couldn’t have known would be needed. “What’s Loki’s end game?”
Tony hummed and tapped one finger on his bottom lip. “He wanted us to be distracted but distracted from what?”
“Barton,” Natasha said sharply.
“He stole a quinjet from a SHIELD base before we could get the word out,” Fury added with a growl. He activated his comm unit. “Hill! Get the radar operators to shift to our frequencies. Watch out for the quinjet that was stolen.”
They didn’t hear Hill’s response but Fury then faced them and Tony saw something in his eyes that told him that Fury had seen everything. He’d seen Rogers’ reaction and he was seeing the mulish, angry look that Rogers was directing at Tony even now. What
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fury knows how to be something other than a manipulative ass
he's actually observant in this one
Clint friendly
Team Tony
Becoming kinda Steve friendly
though he's still going to be stubborn about some things
Not Wanda Friendly
Took the not Steve friendly tag off this one
because it is reasonably Steve friendly

fandom: 
None
