Work Text:
 If it was one thing Peter hated the most, it would be the stupid suit his Dad forced him into. He is sitting in the limo, the window cool against his forehead as he leans against it. His breath fogs up the glass, the artificial light outside spreading out like a small sun as Happy starts the car, his Godfather’s grumbles of annoyance audible over the rumble of the engine. “I don’t understand why Tony doesn’t have a nice, family dinner inside? I mean, we have 5 Star Chiefs just lined up to come cook!” Peter snickers, reaching up to tug at his black tie as he lifts his head, cracking his neck from the uncomfortable position. “Well, it’s my ‘big Straight A Party’ and you know how he gets with the celebrations and stuff.” Peter responds, watching as Happy rolls his eyes, the door leading into the garage opening just as the Driver flips the A.C on. Peter watches as his Dad makes his way over to the car, careful to step over the small puddles laying around or risk ruining his expensive black shoes. Opening the door with a whoosh, the elder stark climbs in beside his son, his dress pants squeaking against the leather. Reaching over once fully seated, Tony grabs the door handle and pulls it closed, his silver watch reflecting the lights above. Turning to face Peter once Happy starts to drive out, the genius frowns. “What did I tell you about messing with your tie?” Reaching out, Tony gently straightens out the black cloth, sighing when Peter tries to bat his hands away. “Stop that and let me fix it. If you had just left it alone, we wouldn’t have this problem.” The 14 year old lets out a huff of frustration, slouching down further in his seat and pouts, resisting the urge to itch his neck as his father tightens the tie once more. The headlights of passing cars reflect in the windows, spears of golden, rain misted light illuminating the dark interior as Happy turns onto the main road. Eyeing his child with narrowed eyes, Tony smooths out the tussled brown locks as they come to a slow stop, the light mist of the rain becoming a moderate downpour in a matter of seconds. Peter closes his eyes, subconsciously leaning into his Dad’s touch as he listens to the splatter of liquid echoing around them, the blaring red of the traffic light a dull orange behind his eyelids. A sudden jolt has him blinking once more, and the spiderling watches as they start to move again, his Godfather’s muffled curses of frustration becoming louder as a mini van almost cuts them off. “So, where are we going?” Peter asks after a few minutes, turning away from the window and facing his Dad once more. Tony just smirks, clicking his phone off with a small snap and setting it in his pocket. “It’s a surprise, kiddo! But something tells me you are gonna like it, so be patient!” “Just tell the kid already Tony!” Happy says suddenly, voice warm with humor as he winks at his nephew. Tony turns toward his honorary brother, sitting up further in his seat to better see the man as they turn a corner, the tires squeaking against the wet road. “Shut up Hap!” He snaps, his tone teasing. “Just keep your eyes on the road and try not to hit anymore soccer moms!” Peter groans as Tony leans back again, flopping down and raising a hand dramatically to his forehead, being sure to make his eyes as wide as humanly possible. Puppy Dog Level Intensifying. “Please Dad?” He asks, cheering internally when he can see the Billionaire start to cave. “Just one little hint please. . .?” Shaking his head suddenly, Tony mimics zipping his lips and throwing away the key, his dark eyes shining in mirth and his mouth twitching away a smile. Peter just huffs, fighting his own grin down when he sees Happy rolling his eyes in the mirror. The rest of the ride is spent in relative silence, the pop music filtering in from the speaker getting hummed under Peter’s breath as the teenage relaxes back, his Dad’s weight comforting against his own. Tony just pulls his child closer, pressing a quick kiss to his temple as they zoom along the wet road.    Something Peter can never get used to, no matter how many years go by, is the staring his father’s presence seems to attract. When they had gotten to the restaurant, the sky dark and drenching, there wasn’t a single person in the whole parking lot that hadn’t stopped what they were doing and stared at them. His father had scowled at a particular invasive man, lifting his lips up in a snarl when the creeper just continued to look, Peter clutching Tony’s coat sleeve in trembling fingers as his senses tingled. Happy had suddenly stepped between them, grabbing his nephew gently by the arm, the dark fabric of his jacket seeming to bleed into the shadows around them as he pulled Peter along. Tony followed shortly after, wrapping his arm protectively around his son’s shoulders and opening the door to the building with his other. The warm air was a relief from the wet cold outside, and Peter could almost put aside the uncomfortable feeling of bei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Allergies
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Teenage Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Mama Bear Tony Stark
Panic Attacks
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Hogan is a Good Bro
Attempt at Humor
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Complete
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Peter Parker Whump
Parent Tony Stark
Uncle Happy Hogan
Protective Happy Hogan
Medical Inaccuracies
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
One Shot

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

