Chapter 1: prelude
    


Notes:

on a lighter note! specific to the prelude! the poem at the top is an original by me, so you won't find it anywhere else, and bc i am an overachiever, i have made a playlist of songs to tie in with all the scenes in the prelude, and one for each of the next four chapters, so if you'd like to listen to music picked out by me to play up the story, check out intertwined: prelude on spotify, by yours truly, moonythejedi4. play it on custom and don't shuffle it, and i've laid it out so the songs correspond to the scenes. onto the actual fic!

edit: i just realized, if you look at the poem sideways, like tilt your head to the left, the lines make it kinda like a rifle. is it just me? i didn't do that on purpose, i staggered the lengths on purpose but not the rifle shape. is it just me?

edit2: you can find the cover art on my tumblr here

edit 8/17/18: the spotify playlist has been removed (took too much space in my lists.) find the youtube playlist instead here.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

 

 intertwined 
 o woe is me, for i have lived with and without you
o woe is me, for i have found no pity in the eyes of the world.
o woe is me
o woe
o
my love
i lived for you
how shall i live without
my lord my god do not ask this of me
do not ask that i exist without air to breathe,
without my heart to beat?
i have lived so long
alone and so tired
my heart is shattered
in a thousand bitter pieces
and i refuse to gather them up.
those pieces earned their jagged edges,
i earned my place beside you in the earth.
lord above be kind,
send me to my rest
send me to my love,
send me to where i may speak,
here dead men tell no tales,
o woe is me
 my love.

 








[january 10th, 1943, a small catholic church in brooklyn] 
 His hands were shaking. So were his knees and calves. His whole body was shaking. It was late, the sun had set long ago, it was much too late for him to be out on his own, slight and obviously a target for anyone brave enough to break the ten commandments on the doorstep of the house of God, but he was already almost there and he was determined. The church was empty when he arrived, the hours of confession nearly over. The bells had just finished ringing the hour of midnight, for the parishioners to return home for a rest before another long day of work. Steve entered, shaking, unsure even what he was looking to gain in confessing, on his way not from, but to work. He already knew that when he left, he wouldn’t be going home. He could already feel the ants crawling over his skin where everything felt wrong in anticipation of everyone who would feel wrong. Steve almost tripped over his feet walking to the booth, ducked inside and shut the door. He pressed the tips of his shaking fingers to his forehead, to his chest, crossing them over his shoulders. “Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. My last confession was two weeks ago.” “Good evening, Steven,” he was greeted, Father Elliot’s voice as thick and calming as ever. “Have you come to tell me what has been truly bothering you?” “I have.” There was no backing out now. “Tell me, my son. Know that God has sent his Son to die for your sins, be they great or be they small.” Steve swallowed, he had to say it, he had to confess, it was killing him and he had to be reassured that God wasn’t doing this to him intentionally.  Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial,  the Bible said. He whispered the verse under his breath. “This is true, my child.” “I have not remained steadfast, Father.” “The Lord knows your sin. It is his wish that you admit it to your brothers upon this earth that you might find the courage to turn your back on it amongst us.” “I am poor, Father,” he whispered. He had to say it. It was literally killing him, his health had deteriorated so quickly that he had barely a year or two left to live, and though he knew that the only way he would gain absolution that night would be to commit to dying even in the streets, he had to say it. Part of him hoped for it. “I cannot find a job and I cannot find a wife who could provide for me. I am an unbonded Omega, and I have committed –” His voice broke. His throat felt tight, yet he swallowed, and with shaking words, he breathed out his true confession. “I am a prostitute.” There it was. His filthy sin, exposed for judgment. On the other side of the divide, Father Elliot was quiet. He went on, then his words became rushed, falling and stumbling over each other as they spilled from his lips,  finally  telling  someone , and he felt no better for it. “I lost my job when my mother fell ill. I had no way to cover rent, to buy food and medicine. I hate it. Every morning, I go home and I try to scrub all the scent from my skin, and it’s never enough, I feel so disgusting all the time, but I can’t stop. I know that it’s wrong, that I’m betraying my –” His voice cracked. He didn’t want to know what Bucky would say, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Verse
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Dialogue borrowed from CA:TWS
a fuckton of fight scenes
a fuckton of the word fuck
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Feels
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Roman Catholicism
Heavy Themes
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Flashbacks
not the PTSD kind
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Steve needs professional help and a hug
Touch-Starved
Sam Wilson is a Gift
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha is bad at matchmaking
She tries
Bucky appears as a figment of Steve's imagination
and in reality
Rape/Non-con Elements
Suicidal Thoughts
sex and grief are major themes in this story
the angst is heavy with this fic
be warned
Prostitution
Project Insight (Marvel)
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
by that i mean this is not smut centered
this is angst centered
Depressive Content
Religious Imagery & Symbolism
Propaganda
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Mpreg
is discussed and shown to exist
there's a sex scene at the end that's too sad for it to be smutty
the rating is for violence and depressive content
yes steve's depressed ass required an M rating
bc - Freeform
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Catholic Steve Rogers
Catholic Guilt
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

