Work Text:
Steve doesn’t have time to react.He’s in the thick of battle, the street run over by magical evil teddy bears with sharp teeth and claws, trying to eat anyone and anything they can get their hands and mouths on. Sam is trying to take them out from up in the air, a teddy bear chomping on one of his wings and hanging on for dear life. Natasha has her guns in hand, taking them out one by one, bears falling to the ground at her feet as she tries to get closer to the man behind all of this — another supervillain wizard-y type that talks too much and thinks the world owes him something.Steve, for his turn, is fighting for his life as half a dozen bears start closing in on him, smashing as many of them as he can with his shield.So, Steve doesn’t have time to react.One minute he’s decapitating a teddy bear, toy stuffing falling everywhere, and in the next something white and sparkly hits him straight in the chest, sending him flying onto a pile of rubble. The last thing he sees, as he lies there clutching at his pecs, is Natasha tackling the guy to the floor and tasering him right in the butt.Good, Steve thinks, and then everything goes black. ** “I’m fine,” Steve says for what feels like the hundredth time, scowling at the floor.“Why don’t we let Bruce decide,” Sam answers, sounding all kinds of unamused as he stitches the cut on his arm.Steve turns his scowl at him, wondering why he can’t decide for himself he’s okay when Sam is attending to and stitching his own wounds. Even Natasha waved away any offer for help, cleaning the blood off her face and putting a Spongebob band-aid over the cut on her forehead.“We can’t tell what kind of magic you were hit with,” Bruce says, voice calm and soothing as goes over Steve’s lab results, “but it doesn’t appear to have had any negative effects.”“See?” Steve mouths at Sam, who rolls his eyes at him. “I can go home then.”“It’d be wise for you to keep an eye out for anything out of the ordinary, as whatever spell you were hit with might manifest later,” Bruce tells him, running a hand through his hair. “Are you sure you feel fine?”“Yes.” Steve nods, only half lying.His chest feels a little sore and tender, but he figures that’s because he got hit full-force with some sparkly magic. All of his other cuts and scrapes are well on their way to healed, and Steve can say he doesn’t feel any different from how he usually does.“Okay,” Bruce sighs, and then gives him a pointed look. “If anything feels wrong, don’t wait to see what happens before you decide to come in.”“I won’t,” Steve says, sheepish.“He won’t,” Natasha interrupts them, sliding up to Sam and sitting by his side, her phone in her. “I already texted James.”Steve presses his lips together, feeling both touched and utterly betrayed.“Then you’re free to go.” Bruce pats him on the arm once. “I’m sure Bucky will call us if anything happens.”Steve shakes his head at his friends, but can’t help the fond smile that graces his lips. He gives Sam a fistbump and kisses Nat on her Spongebob band-aid, waving once at Bruce before he takes his leave.Now that he’s officially free, he can’t wait to go home. ** Steve’s chest feels increasingly sore as he makes his way back to his apartment, the skin too tight and hot under his Captain America uniform. He rubs at his pecs, hissing a little when the pressure makes his nipples rub against the fabric of his undershirt, sending tiny little sparks of pain down his spine.Whatever sparkly magic shit he was hit with, it sure fucking hurts.“Buck, I’m home!” Steve yells as he kicks the door shut behind him, dropping his bag and reaching for the hidden uniform zipper at the nape of his neck.He wants out of his clothes now.Steve’s sure there must be a huge fucking bruise forming on his chest, for the skin to be feeling so sensitive and achy. He doesn’t look forward to having to explain to Bucky what happened and why he’s hurt, but right now unzipping his top and getting his arms out of the sleeves take precedence.Steve breathes a little sigh of relief as he pushes the top part of his uniform down, leaving him only in his undershirt and uniform pants. His chest feels swollen and big, his nipples hard and poking through his shirt. Steve looks down at himself, brows furrowed, and tentatively brings a hand up to cup one of his pecs.“Fuck,” Steve hisses, shoulders hunching into himself, his pec feeling tender and hot under his hand. Steve lets go to hook a finger under the collar of his undershirt, taking a peek down at his chest, frown deepening when he can’t see any bruises. “What the fuck?”“I’d say. What the fuck are you doin’?”Steve startles at the sound of Bucky’s voice, hand dropping to his side like he’s been burnt. He stands there in front of the door, uniform pushed down to his waist, the fabric of his white tank clinging to his chest.It’s not really the first time Bucky’s caught him feeling himself up, but it’s still just as embarrassing. And Steve wasn’t even doing anything, just checki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Crack Treated Seriously
Established Relationship
Male Lactation
Lactation Kink
Nursing Kink
Pet Names
Bottom Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

