Chapter 1: After Party
    


Summary:

After a movie premiere, Scarlett Johannson dominates and seduces Elizabeth Olsen. Intense smut ensues.





Chapter Text
Elizabeth Chase Olsen was dressed to thrill at the premiere of Infinity War, as was Scarlett Johansson. The two actresses, who played Wanda Maximoff and Natasha Romanoff, knew each other fairly well, even if they had not had many scenes together, so most of their social contact consisted of interacting during movie junkets.
That frustrated Scarlett no end, who had long had her eye on the luscious “Lizzie”, the beautiful and talented actress. Scarjo’s eyes always lingered on the sexy, yet curiously homely, innocent, beauty. Scarlett had even more fully and meticulously studied Olsen’s behaviour, and quickly and easily identified her as a submissive. She was a submissive little bottom if ever she saw one. Shy, a little dorky, and often deferring to others, so eager to please. Perfect. Absolutely perfect, in short.
“Do Anthony and Joe lead you round on a leash?” Scarjo once asked with a wry smirk, referring to Anthony and Joe Russo, the directors of Captain America: Winter Soldier, Captain America: Civil War, and Infinity War. Lizzie laughed, not realising Scarjo was not speaking entirely in jest. It was indeed how she viewed Olsen; a good, sweet, adorable little bottom bitch who performs as instructed.
This was why Lizzie was absolutely perfect for Scarjo; the expressive, ethereal face and wondrous eyes, the long legs combined with pleasingly thick thighs, the succulent yet well proportioned tits, the generous and smooth bum, the smooth pale skin, the nimble and amazingly dextrous fingers, the sweet, gentle nature, the innocent aura, and best of all, the aforementioned delicious desire-to-please subby-ness.
Scarlett wanted Elizabeth, but not as a lover, heck, not even as friend...no. What Scarlett wanted was, for want of a better word, a Girl Toy, a plaything to use as she saw fit. Elizabeth was, in Scarlett’s view, absolutely the perfect play doll. The role of bottom suited her perfectly.
Dressed in a tight white dress, with her cleavage on display, her hair tumbling over her shoulders, her lovely eyes beaming, lips a deep, intense red, Elizabeth Olsen smiled at the cheering crowd, gaining the approval she craved.
Scarjo bit her lip, as she leered at the beautiful blonde doll, and as she eyed her perfectly formed bottom from behind, her thoughts were filled with erotic fantasy...and plans...oh so many perverted plans. Tonight, Scarlett Johannson would take, and have, Elizabeth Olsen.
Scarjo would observe the blonde goddess many times that evening, as the dusk steadily turned to night. Laughing, with that wonderful, charming, radiant smile, speaking to press and media, hugging her co-stars, including Scarlett, who savoured briefly coming into contact with Lizzie’s sensuous body, even as she thought ahead to the more intimate encounter she had planned.
As the premiere After Party winded down, Lizzie, a little drunk and more than a little tired, slowly ambled, her high heels clicking irregularly and somewhat clumsily as she made her way out from the bathroom and into a long, ornate corridor. All that excitement, all that hooplah, had made Lizzie more than a little, well, dizzy, and the corridor seem.even longer.
Scarlett found Lizzie stumbling down the ornate corridor, and moved in. Moments later, the drunken Lizzie was pulled into her orbit and held upright by Scarjo’s firm yet reassuring presence.
“Thank you.” Cooed Lizzie, giggling slightly.
Now is the time, thought Scarlett as she held her object of desire, whispering to her a soft lie, to come to her hotel room, “for a nice little chat”.
Lizzie accepted, and Scarlett, barely able to conceal a wicked, devilish grin, led the actress to her lair, her hotel room, just round the corner, on the way even slyly caressing her thigh as she sleepily rested her head on the considerably more sober Scarlett’s shoulders.
That might seem romantic, perhaps, but romance was certainly not on Scarlett Johannson’s mind.
Leading the tipsy Olsen into her hotel room, Johannson gently sat her down on a single chair, as a lethargic and dozy Olsen immediately curled up, resting her head and sighing. She was just so utterly, absurdly adorable, thought Scarlett, as she went to get something to sober her guest up.
Moments later Scarjo returned, giving the girl a refreshing glass of water.
“Thanks”, Lizzie said, with a soft, sweet smile.
“I did say we would chat, so I want you sober”, Scarjo replied, her voice taking on a more stern tone, which was all part of Scarjo’s carefully evolving game.
“About working together, you and I.”
Lizzie smiled and replied shyly. “Well, that would be cool, I guess, but it kind of needs to be the right project for both of us, doesn’t it?”
Scarjo leaned forward, and looked into Elizabeth’s gentle, innocent, charming eyes.
“I mean now, Elizabeth.” It was here that Johannson changed tack and dialed up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Scarlett Johansson/Elizabeth Olsen
Elizabeth Olsen/Aubrey Plaza
Tessa Thompson/Scarlett Johannson
Tessa Thompson/Zendaya Coleman

freeform: 
Lesbian Sex
Gratuitous Smut
Shameless Smut
Bondage and Discipline
Dom/sub
Anal Fingering
Anal Plug
Anal Sex
Vibrators
Humiliation
Alternate Reality
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Fucking
Masturbation
Objectification
Sexual Fantasy

fandom: 
Scarlett Johansson/Elizabeth Olsen
Elizabeth Olsen/Aubrey Plaza
Tessa Thompson/Scarlett Johannson
Tessa Thompson/Zendaya Coleman

