Chapter 1: Hope
    




Chapter Text

A crashing swirl of rainbow light, and Thor was gone.

Loki felt his absence immediately, a physical ache. Thor was not only his brother and his savior, he was the only person in the whole of the nine realms who cared about Loki. His brother, shining golden and furious, had blasted into the Nidavellir stronghold and slain Loki's master Hreidmar with a single blow from his hammer. Loki hardly remembered what had happened after that. The thrall-binding had broken when Hreidmar fell, and plunged Loki into a maelstrom of confusion and panic. He was a slave with no master, and that was a dangerous thing to be.

He remembered Thor dragging him from the forge. The bifrost throwing them both through the realms. Landing in the cold and dark, wind whistling around them. The binding all the time was lurching wildly, un-anchored. Loki fought it, and it crushed him. He could not speak, could not move without being dragged. If Thor had spoken the words to claim him, he could at least have cooperated with his own rescue, but he was helpless, useless.

Thor had growled a few words to his shield-brother Anthony Stark, low and urgent. Stark had objected at first, then acquiesced when Thor insisted. Loki watched them speaking together but could understand little. The noise in his mind was overwhelming. All he could feel was the need to serve, to be useful, to be 

obedient.

 He had no orders, and no living master, so he could do nothing to appease the binding.

With Thor gone, was Stark his master now? The binding was swirling darkly in his mind, looking for somewhere to land. Loki tried to pull it away from Stark, but was immediately punished. He fell to his knees and silently shuddered, pain shooting down his spine. A yellow glow from the gems in the thrall-collar reflected in the glass windows of Stark's tower. Loki frantically put all attempts at resistance out of his mind, and the punishment faded, leaving him weaker than ever.

Loki cautiously looked up. Stark was glaring at him, arms folded. He did not look pleased, and that was ill tidings for Loki. The binding 

pushed

 at him, not punishing, but a clear message that a slave should not be raising his gaze to free men. Loki lowered his head, gripped his thighs with trembling hands.

Stark was talking. Loki tried to focus on the words. The binding weighed him down, it took all his attention to fight the weight of it. He was afraid that if he relaxed his focus the binding would simply force him unconscious, the safest state for a slave with no master. He could not let that happen, he would be utterly helpless to whatever Stark wanted to do with him. He doubled his effort, concentrating on the words floating over his head.

“I guess you'll be staying for while.” Stark said, gesturing Loki to stand up. Loki didn't move. Did he have to obey? Tentatively, Loki waited. Pressure built from the binding, but not the immediate punishment that he would have had for refusing an order from Hreidmar. Perhaps Loki could find some way to manipulate the binding in it's weakened state.

“Come on!” Stark said, and Loki felt the first spark of pain down his spine. He scrambled to his feet, and the pain faded. He followed Stark at a respectful distance, no doubt heading to whatever cells he kept in his tower. These modern Midgardians claimed not to keep slaves, but that was mere lip service. Rich men like Stark could command any service they wished. Maybe that is why Thor had left him here, to repay a debt to his ally.

Lost in his thoughts, Loki startled when Stark led him into a comfortably furnished bedroom. Ah. Stark was already aware of Loki's purpose. He had not heard Thor explain the nature of Loki's binding, but he had not heard half of what was said during his rescue. Once Stark had claimed him in such a fashion, the binding would certainly know him as Loki's new owner.

The binding 

pushed

 at Loki, and he suppressed the urge to undress, to present himself. If Stark was going to have him, he would at least wait to be ordered. He had barely a scrap of his former pride, but he clung to it. Loki remained on his feet, swaying slightly.

Stark looked Loki up and down and wrinkled his nose. “Get cleaned up before you go to bed,” he said, then left the room, closing the door after him. Loki heard a lock engage, and for a moment he stood in place, unable to believe that he was alone. His only order was to clean himself and sleep? Loki twisted his hands together uncertainty, but when he glanced at himself in the full length mirror he understood. He was filthy. Blood splattered on his face from Thor's rescue. His clothes were little more than rags. His hair tangled and greasy. Hreidmar had delighted in Loki's shabby, pathetic appearance, but clearly Stark had a different expectation. Loki was unappealing to him. Even if Stark intended to claim him, he would not do so in such a state. He would not dirty himself with such a wretch.

The binding 

pus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dark!Tony
Not sure yet how dark
Post Civil War
But not super canon compliant
slave!Loki
Past Rape/Non-con
Extremely Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con - Freeform
I will warn in the notes
Loki's Punishments
Consent Issues
Fuck Or Die
Anal Sex
Bondage
Non-Consensual Bondage
Torture
not very graphic descriptions of torture
Experimentation
Loki is a test subject
Loki Whump
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Top Tony Stark
Blood
Magical Binding
Stockholm Syndrome
Gaslighting
Abuse
Whipping
Hurt/Comfort
But mainly hurt right now
not much comfort
Chastity Device
Slut Shaming
threats of mutilation
Verbal Abuse
No one that we care about dies
thrall collar

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

