Chapter 1: If He Be Worthy
    




Chapter Text
A warm glow washed over Thor’s face as Odin dissipated into sparkling dust. The Allfather was dead. His father was dead.The sky grew dark with clouds, the wind whipped against him. He stood.His father was dead.Thor turned to face his brother and Loki took a step away from him.“Brother,” Loki started — soft, wary. The voice that had soothed Thor’s anger countless times over their centuries as brothers hit him like a static shock from a previously gentle hand. Whatever Loki was going to say didn’t matter. His father was dead.“This was your doing.” The words rumbled up from inside him like thunder.Loki took another step back. The playfulness he’d displayed in Asgard — back when he’d thought nothing of his actions, before he’d seen or even anticipated their terrible consequences — was gone now. He raised his hands and made a placating gesture, as if he could physically push Thor’s anger away.Not this time.“Brother—”“No,” Thor snapped, “You are not my brother.” And it was a lie, because otherwise it could never have hurt so much. But Thor knew, heartless, reckless, that no physical blow could ever hurt Loki the way those words would hurt.If Thor expected him to crumble, he was disappointed. Loki’s face remained impassive. Maybe it wasn’t a lie. Thor remembered his brother — laughing, crying, wild and deep and sensitive — and this dead-faced stranger before him was nothing like those memories.Lightning flickered above them in the dark. They stood face to face, and the distance between them felt like a sinkhole, the ground dropping out from beneath Thor’s feet. He could feel the pressure building, inside and out.Thor slammed his “umbrella” into the ground with a sharp crack. Lightning engulfed him, pulling away his Midgardian guise and leaving his armor in its wake. Loki, too, let the illusion over him slip away, and somehow, the uncharacteristic lack of melodrama in the transformation was the breaking point for Thor. He charged with a roar.Loki dashed forward to meet him, knife in hand. He slipped in too close for Thor to engage him with his whole strength, forcing him into short thrusts and jabs instead of proper swings. Thor managed to shoulder him away briefly, earning a slash across his bicep, then feinted a swing at Loki as he stepped back. He hit the ground instead, sending out a wave of electricity that made his brother stumble. The next swing Loki deflected off the blade of his knife and lightning danced on the metal.Good, Thor thought, as Loki grimaced at the shock. Feel something. Feel something.They traded a series of flashing blows as Thor tried to aim not for Loki but for the knife. Loki spun off the last one and the knife came up — by sleight or spellcraft, it was now in Loki’s left hand — for Thor’s throat in a jab that nicked his chin as he jerked back out of the way. He’d played it off as a strategic move but Thor saw how he was trying to shake the numbing pain out of his right hand.Before Loki could push back in, Thor flung Mjolnir at him. Loki stepped around it — expecting Thor to further retreat and try to push the distance between them. Instead, Thor dashed in behind the hammer and slammed a vicious kick straight into Loki’s ribs, sending him staggering back.Thor recalled Mjolnir as Loki recovered and the hammer clipped his knife hand as it returned. When he went to deflect Thor’s next swing, his grip gave out and the hammer thudded into his hip. Loki rolled with the blow to lessen its impact, falling to the ground and tumbling back up to one knee. He pulled another knife from the air, and this time when Thor threw Mjolnir, Loki flicked his blade out at it as it spun past him to disrupt its flight, and it plowed into the ground behind him. He pushed himself to his feet and circled, and when Thor made as if to charge at him again, Loki flipped the knife over and threw it at him. Thor ducked and felt it graze his shoulder.Loki turned just so as he went to sidestep, and his injured leg gave out beneath him, sending him to his knees in the grass.Thor reached for Mjolnir and swung, a wild backhand strike aimed to knock Loki’s head clean off his shoulders if he didn’t dodge.He didn’t dodge.The whole movement took less than a second but it seemed to stretch into an eternity.Lightning bled from Thor’s hand, leaving a trail of blinding light across his vision.Loki flinched, braced himself, but didn’t move.Thor’s hand sliced across, unimpeded.He froze, a cold dread creeping through his veins in the realization of what had just transpired.He stared down at Loki, saw his own horror and shock mirrored up at him in his brother’s eyes.And felt empty air clutched in his fist instead of Mjolnir’s handle. Slowly, both of them turned to look — to see Mjolnir lying where it had fallen.It began to rain.Thor’s thoughts felt sluggish, disjointed. You would have killed him, he thought. You would have killed your brother, and he would have let you.Thor shivered. It was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Hela & Loki (Marvel)
Hela & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor

freeform: 
Canon Divergence - Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood and Injury
Body Horror
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Fight Scenes
Angst
Humor
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Earn Your Happy Ending
Unreliable Narrator
Self-Harm

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Hela & Loki (Marvel)
Hela & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor

