Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The fish tank had one of those ceramic divers that pumped air bubbles out in a steady stream, causing the glittery-scaled fish to dart this way and that to avoid them.  
Steve thought it was supposed to be soothing.  
Everything in here was supposed to be soothing.  The walls were painted a warm, calming tan.  The sofa was overstuffed, with two pillows plumped in each corner.  The table was wood, homey, with an array of magazines spread out on top promising recipes and weight loss and summer tans, even though it was winter now, not that California was showing signs of acknowledging that occasion.  A metal-leaved tree hung on one wall, next to black-framed degrees. The doctor’s chair---no, therapist, that’s what they called them now.  The therapist’s chair was more streamlined than the sofa, but still a cozy, muted green.  
The fish tank was the only bright thing in the room.  Everything else was shadowed in a soft, dim glow.  He wondered if Coulson had said something.  Steve didn’t look at it.  The tank.  He could hear it, of course, the gurgling susurration as the water processed through the filter, soft and churning.  
It was supposed to be soothing.
Water’s not like that, Steve thought sometimes, when the therapist sat quietly with her legs crossed and her heel swaying slightly as she waited.   He thought she knew most people didn’t like silence, wanted to fill it, ride it out on nerves and pressure, but he had kept quiet, kept still, kept low and hunched, for far longer than the SHIELD-mandated hour he had each week with her.  
The diver was in an old-fashioned dive suit.  Not old-fashioned to him, of course.  Just to everyone else.  It was quaint.  Humorous, even.  
Soothing.
“Are we done?” Steve asked, though he knew they were.  Another benefit of the serum.  Internal clock worked like Greenwich.  
“I do believe our time is up,” she responded.  She tapped her pen on her notepad.  It was blank, except for today’s date.  
“You’ll let Fury know,” Steve said.  It wasn’t a question.  She would.  A box would be checked somewhere.  The next mission would be waiting in his electronic mail box.  It looked like a mail box on the phone Coulson had given him.  He’d thought it was neat, until he saw Rumlow’s phone and realized the tiny red and blue post box was only on his, something Coulson had done in an effort to make it easier, Steve supposed.
“I already have this week’s assessment form ready to submit,” she assured him, swiping nonexistent stray hairs out of her face as she shook her head back.  “You know, Captain, I’ve never approved of this.  This arrangement with the Director.  It’s only been six months since you returned from your tour of duty.  I don’t know all the details, but I know enough.  The loss of your unit has to weigh incredibly heavily on you, Captain.  It would affect anyone.  It isn’t a weakness to need help.  I don’t care how valuable you are to SHIELD, it isn’t helping you or anyone else to put you there if you’re a risk.”
“I’m not a risk,” Steve said, voice going hard.  
“I didn’t mean just a risk to others, Captain,” she said, though she lowered her eyes from Steve’s unflinching gaze.  “All I’m saying is that…if there ever is anything you actually do want to talk about, I’m always willing to listen.   I know you’ve been through a lot.  We all just want to help you get better.”
“I’m fine,” Steve replied.  
She would tell him she understood how hard this was for him.  That was the next line. He would say that being back in the field was helping.  She would nod, tell him that was good, that he was getting back into the world.  She would send the form to Fury.  He would get his next mission.  Maybe next week, some of that would even be true.  
“My clinical assessment is that you are experiencing severe post-traumatic stress disorder coupled with moderate to severe major depressive disorder, which is not improving, but rather becoming more pronounced, likely leading to what I suspect is suicidal ideation masquerading as the kind of heroic risk-taking that is currently being rewarded and encouraged by the system that is enabling what they say they want to prevent,” she said.  “And, that’s our hour,” she said with a sigh, closing the blank notebook in her lap.   
Steve stared at her for a long moment, swallowed, then looked away.  He felt his hands curl into fists on the top of his thighs, the knuckles digging in there, and had the fleeting thought that it was dark in the cold, but it was gone before he could grab onto it.  The bubble burst, he thought, the words sounding odd and wrong in his head, and for a moment the world seeming to tip crazily on its side before everything righted itself.  
“I really would like to help,” she offered in a soft, careful voice.
“I know,” Steve replied, mouth twisting into a grimace.  He did, he supposed.  “Thank you for your time,” Steve said and started to rise.
“Just a moment, Captain, if you don’t mind,” she said qui
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve
Omega Tony
Omega Tony Stark
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Identity Porn
underage Tony for a bit but no smut until he's 18
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
References to Depression
Survivor Guilt
Masturbation
Celestial Navigation
Age Difference
Steve is older Tony is younger by 7 years
Tony is bonded as a 17 year old to 25 year old Steve
if that bothers you please don't read
DO NOT LINK ON GOODREADS

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

