Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 
"You are incomplete until you're in love, then you are finished." ― Unknown Author
  After the Battle of New York, I thought I'd seen enough of this life that nothing could surprise me anymore. I'd fought in the biggest war in human history and been frozen for seventy years before waking up in a new century. I'd fought aliens, alongside an alien, and became part of an Initiative of extraordinary people, driven together as much by our outsider status as by the over-riding need to shield our world from harm. And in all of this, as much as each new wonder and terror of this world made me question myself and whether I was doing the right thing, I always thought I was ready.I hadn't expected him, or the way initial dislike could turn into its opposite.No, I take that back. I don't think we ever truly disliked one another. Rather, from the moment we met there had been magnetic forces acting between us, attracting and repulsing in turn. Some people like to talk about fate or destiny in times like this. I simply knew from the moment I met him that Tony Stark was going to be important. I just didn't know he was going to be important to me or how much.Like I said, back then I tended to assume that I was prepared for whatever was coming. I still thought that way even as SHIELD fell, and Bucky came back. Even when I didn't know what the right thing to do was, and Peggy had to help me remember where we all started, I still thought if I struggled, and fought, and punched my way through adversity, I would eventually find myself on the right path again. As the world moved on, I was ready to face down Ultron, and then our government, and then even my teammates because it was the right thing to do, even if it was the most painful choice of my lifetime. Afterwards, after our fight, and my exile, and then the global threat that brought us together again, after Thanos, I thought I was ready for anything.I wasn't.
 


 I realized I didn't want him only as a friend when I heard about his engagement to Pepper Potts, which was my typical excellent timing. I was still in Wakanda then, during the downtime between one secret mission and the next that my team all went on from time to time when the circumstances warranted it. I heard of Tony's engagement on TV, the speculation about the wedding ― no date set ― blasting away on every damn channel, and I knew in the horrific rush of disappointment and resentment that I didn't love and miss him the way one misses a buddy. I knew too well what missing my friend, one who might as well be my brother, felt like. I loved Bucky. I wanted to spend time with Bucky, and do right by him, and thinking about him happy made my heart glad. But I did not resent his developing romance with Natasha, or their lingering touches and the new-found brightness in their eyes that they thought they hid from everyone else.When I looked at the picture of Tony and Pepper together, my heart was heavy with a different kind of longing. I wanted him to look at me like that, even as I understood the impossible nature of that hunger. I was jealous. I admit that.Understanding what I wanted from him didn't change a thing. My feelings for a man half-way across the world did not make the daily agenda. I felt almost disassociated from myself, because I didn't know what I was supposed to do anymore, let alone worrying about broken relationships and my barely acknowledged desire.And I had time to adjust to the idea before Thanos attacked Earth, bringing both groups of Avengers together to fight him, and putting an end to our careful arrangement of never running into one another.When I saw Tony again, it was like an arrow through my chest, the pain bright, and sharp, and biting. He spoke to me ― through the armor, and only a few sentences ― and I knew that we could build on that. We could fix things between us. He threw the Captain America's shield to me, and I caught it, because this was bigger than ourselves and what we wanted. Someone had to carry the shield, we were not in a place to sneer at any viable advantage, and so I stepped into those shoes again for the duration of this war to defend the Earth. Iron Man and I fought against the invading force, and I dared to hope again, under the bleakest of circumstances. I guess I always found my strength in adversity.The fighting on Earth we coordinated from the remodeled compound, which Tony had generously afforded for our use again. It was almost like having my home back again, to be surrounded by the walls that housed all my friends, whenever there was downtime during fighting. I had my room back. The walls were new, but most of the furniture was mine; the bed in the middle was the same bed I'd slept in before. Tony had said he hadn't changed anything because he expected us back eventually. Even Bucky who had a complicated relationship with Tony to say the least, was welcomed at the compound because when it came to fighting this war we knew how it had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanova (minor)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (minor)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark endgame - Relationship

freeform: 
Romance
Drama
Angst
Pining
Fix-It
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
POV First Person
POV Steve Rogers
Unrequited Love
Not Actually Unrequited Love
Break Up
Emotional Infidelity
Complicated Relationships
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanova
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Canon-Typical Violence
Injury
Post-Civil War
Civil War Fix-It
Post-Infinity War
No Spoilers
Misunderstandings
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
Emotionally Crippled Idiots In Love
Angst and Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes/Natasha Romanova (minor)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (minor)
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark endgame - Relationship

