Work Text:

  Why would the CIA have orders to ‘shoot on sight’ and suddenly be replaced by the GSG 9?  
“They were going to kill Bucky!”There were murmurs of confusion through the courtroom after Steve Rogers’ exclamation.Matt could have slapped himself… or Steve, if the lawyer thought that it would do any good.The Devil from Hell’s Kitchen told his client countless times not to say that little phrase that he so vehemently believed. Not only because James Barnes was alive and well and without a single broken bone while almost a dozen of German officers were hospitalized, most with life altering injuries… and those were the lucky ones, eight others were in the morgue. But also because, try as he might, Murdock could find no evidence of a kill order anywhere else but in Rogers’ and Wilson’s head and supposedly out of Sharon Carter’s mouth…who was nowhere to be seen and therefor couldn’t even testify against or in favor on this nightmare.Matt sighed and slumped back in his chair. The prosecution had all ammunition they needed for the Bucharest round now. There was nothing more he could do about the disaster in Romania besides wait for them to skin Rogers alive. Not that he had much material to work to begin with, but still. Matt was not idiotic enough to believe he could get his client free of charges and jail time, but he was hoping to at least mitigate. Oh, well. He could only wait until they reached what took place in Berlin to speak anything worthwhile anymore.Jennifer Walters was someone he deeply respected not only as a person but also as lawyer. They weren’t exactly friends, they wouldn’t be on opposite sides of a courtroom if they were, but they did frequent a few of the same events and this is the first time in literal two decades since the woman passed the Bar Exam and they were introduced that Murdock was witnessing her being speechless.The silence wouldn’t last long… and neither would Rogers.And sure enough, Jennifer collected herself. Matt could sense her accelerated heartbeat and recognized excitement and amusement that were minutely shaking her voice even if he was a hundred and ten percent sure that her expression showed none of it. He knew when someone was struggling not to blab like a flustered teenager. Most people would be surprised that most cutthroat, cold-blooded lawyers even experienced that feeling, but who wouldn’t when they knew they had the absolute winning cards and were just playing the waiting game?“Kill Sargent Barnes?” Matt couldn’t help but be impressed with Jennifer’s acting skills. She managed to make her voice just confused enough to incite what would be the guillotine order from Steve.And Matt could only close his eyes when his client gave just what the prosecution wanted. Well, might as well, Steve already gave almost everything Thaddeus Ross wanted without the man even having to make an effort for it. The only thing missing was an unconscious-and-ready-for-transportation-Bruce-Banner and Ross would probably kiss Rogers in the mouth.“Yes!” Hopeful, relieved and vindicated.Murdock remembered the same tone of voice being used when he said that there is speculation that the officers sent inside the building were mostly German in hopes of triggering Barnes, “Bucky is an innocent, trapped inside his own mind and has horrible memories of the past. They even sent Germans just to provoke Bucky!”Matt shouldn’t have eaten that extra taco. It wouldn’t look good once it came back out.Foggy discreetly put his hand on his arm, “Keep it together. You’re beginning to look green.” He whispered needlessly, Matt could feel the sweat forming and how light his head was. If he wasn’t white or blue, he was probably green. And not in the same way Jennifer and her cousin sometimes got.Another a second-too-long of silence. Once again Rogers surprised the seasoned lawyer that Jennifer was by pretty much giftwrapping the whole deal. There were so many approaches to it that anyone else that frequented a good enough debate club in high school would be giddy like a dozen of red bulls and firing question after question to end it more quickly. But Walters remained in her chosen path and it was no wonder that Stark snagged her up for SI when she was still in law school.“But why do you believe that the squad sent to apprehend Sargent Barnes had kill orders?”“They were shooting him left and right and…”“I am sorry for interrupting you, Mr. Rogers, but that’s not what I asked. You violated Romanian sovereign borders believing that Sargent Barnes’ life was in danger. Why do you believe that the squad sent to apprehend Sargent Barnes had kill orders?”“I was told.” And for the first time since he met the man and a migraine was firmly throbbing away in his temples, Matt heard hesitation and care in the way Steve spoke.Too bad that while Steve can convince pretty much anyone of anything because of seven decades of propaganda and his earnest nature and all American looks – how else someone as jaded as Tony Stark is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Inner Dialogue
Matt's POV
VERY heavy introspection
Matt is just tired
BAMF Jennifer
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Sharon Carter Friendly

fandom: 
None
