Work Text:
Tony occasionally found himself pinned under Steve, knot firmly locked inside of him, as his mate’s best friend rocked up against him and moaned his appreciation. Despite the countless times that Bucky had shared him with Steve this was the first time he’d done this. Sure Steve had helped him a few times with his Heat when Bucky wasn’t able but Tony had never helped Steve through a Rut.He found himself pulled in for a soft, lingering kiss to his lips and then one to his forehead.It was soft and sweet.Tony had no idea how he’d gotten so lucky. Theirs wasn’t a conventional mating by any stretch of the imagination, Omegas belonged with Alphas and Bucky was a Beta, but he didn’t regret it. He didn’t mind that Bucky willingly shared him with Steve outside of Heats.They were best friends, practically brothers, and Tony was fine with being shared occasionally. He actually liked Steve. Tony felt nothing but affection for his mate’s best friend and it had the added bonus of making two people pleased with him at the same time.“Steve said he’d have everything you might need.” Another kiss, “I love you, Sweetheart.”“Love you too.”Then Bucky was gone and Tony toed off his shoes after locking the door. His change of clothing was left in a bag by the door, it wasn’t like he’d need it for days, before he started moving towards Steve’s bedroom. He’d been at Steve’s enough times to know where everything was located.His clothing came off, piece by piece, as he moved further and further into Steve’s home. The thick, heady scent of Alpha Rut saturated the air. He could catch notes of others, some lingering ones of Alpha/Omega sex and the unmistakable twang of arousal, but Steve’s Rut was almost overwhelming.Tony’s ass clenched in reaction and he could feel his body practically flood his channel with slick in preparation. His muscles were loosening, biology at its finest he thought, before he turned the door knob and stepped into Steve’s bedroom completely naked.The only thing with him was the plug he’d inserted before leaving the house he shared with Bucky.Steve’s bright blue eyes had bled Alpha red and Tony watched as they zeroed in on him with an almost predatory kind of intensity. The sight had a whine escaping him without thought. He tilted his head in a show of submission he’d long since learned was best when dealing with an Alpha in Rut.It took seconds for Steve to close the distance and Tony was shoved back against the door. Strong hands rested against the backs of his thighs before Tony found himself lifted and pinned. Fingers moved back, pulled the plug out and let it fall, as the hard length of Steve pressed up against him registered.Tony could feel his face flushing with arousal as Steve’s pheromones flooded his senses and without a second of delay Steve was shoving up into him with a low snarl. It was more than obvious this was an unnaturally strong Rut.His hands gripped at Steve’s overwarm body and a choked off moan escaped when Steve slammed balls deep, hands holding him in place, before he started to rapidly fuck up into Tony with a single-mindedness that only an Alpha could achieve.“Fuck.” Tony’s throat worked and his heart pounded as pleasure lit up inside of him. There was something almost primal about being at the mercy of an Alpha lost to Rut. This was especially true about a strong Alpha who was typically far more composed.Steve fucked and fucked and fucked all the while the only thing Tony could do was hold on, body trembling and breathing turning shuddery, as his orgasm coiled inside of him.“Feel so good.” Steve groaned against him, “So fucking good.”The primal part of Tony’s brain preened at the compliment. It loved the way Steve had manhandled him, held him in place and took him roughly against the door. They hadn’t even made it to the bed.Now Steve’s knot was catching on his rim, tugging and popping free, until Steve’s hold shifted and he ground himself up against Tony’s ass with a low snarl.Pleasure slammed into him, stealing his ability to think and everything seemed to white out, as Tony moaned. Distantly he could hear Steve moaning and he could feel a thick Alpha knot caught inside of him as his inner muscles immediately set to work milking Steve’s knot.“Mmmmm.” Steve was nuzzling against him, emptying his release into Tony, while he rocked up against his ass. “So good.” The words were practically pleasure slurred, “Good Omega such a good Omega.”His back left the door. Steve easily carried him across the room and settled down in a large, plush chair. Tony’s knees settled on both sides of Steve and a groan escaped when Steve’s knot tugged on his rim when Steve shifted them into a more comfortable position.“Feel better, big guy?” Tony asked the second he could focus past the haze of pleasure and the way his instincts were purring at being caught on an Alpha knot.He locked eyes with Steve and could see how some of Steve’s instinct to knot an Omega was calmed. At least for the moment. “Tony.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Alpha Steve Rogers
Beta Bucky Barnes
Established Bucky Barnes/Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Consensual Partner Sharing
Knotting
Rut Sex
Rough Sex
Come Inflation
Healthy Relationships
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Butt Plugs
Alpha rut
Barebacking
Birth Control
POV Tony Stark
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

