Work Text:
Peter smiled as he stepped into the elevator. “Take me to Mr. Stark, please?” He chirped happily. He'd given his suit to his mentor three days ago for some experimental upgrades and he was on his way to test it out. He'd been looking forward to it all day, since he'd gotten the text saying it was ready. Lately, he'd been working more closely with Tony, a combination of not being burdened by the restriction of being in school anymore and that his internship had transitioned into a legitimate, full time, paying job at the start of his senior year. Now that he'd graduated, he had time to spend working before he took off for college, spending every available moment at Stark Tower, but time was running out. He'd been waiting and waiting, dropping hints and suggestions to Tony for months, trying to make his feelings for the man clear before he was gone and only saw the man between breaks or when the world was in peril. It was no use, he hadn't responded at all. Peter'd had a crush on Tony since they met, he'd been actively flirting with him since he'd turned 17 and now that he was 18 and about to move away he'd decided that he had to make his move soon. If he didn't come right out and tell Tony how he felt, he'd never know if his feelings were ever going to be returned. Not that he doubted the feelings were there, there were several times when he'd been so sure something was going to happen, but for some reason the man just would not act on those feelings. Peter wasn't going to walk away with nothing tonight, though, even if what he did get was a flat-out rejection. But first, the suit. When he walked through the door of the workshop, Tony still had his protective glasses on, leaning over the table, eyes fixed on his suit. The first time Peter had slipped on that suit, all he could think about was that every thread and ever wire had been so carefully crafted by Tony's hands, just for him. Now he was feeling that all over again as he watched Tony staring down at his work so intently. “Hey.” He walked in slowly, brushing his hair back as he closed in on the desk, doing his best to seem relaxed, like he hadn't just spent the entire day making sure his entire body was as perfect and clean and smooth as it could possibly be. “Peter!” Tony greeted him enthusiastically, taking his glasses off, setting them on the desk. “Right on time. I just finished, it's ready for you to try on.” Peter sat his bag down, shrugging out of his outer shirt. “Awesome. What, exactly, did you do?” Tony rambled on about electronic impulses and phase transition that basically bubbled down to using electronic stimulus to reinforce the structure and support of the suit. The goal was not only to give him even more power, but more importantly, a heavier defense, which Peter definitely didn't mind. After all, just because he could heal quickly didn't mean it didn't hurt to get slammed into a wall. If they could increase the rigidity of the suit to absorb shock and provide more support, Peter was all for that. Peter smiled as he lifted his shirt casually, slipping it over his head before placing it gently on the table. Tony smiled back at him, turning to grab himself a drink while Peter stripped down and got dressed, not looking back, much to Peter's disappointment. When he was in the suit, mask on, he tapped his drone and it tightened around him. “Ready to go!” Peter could see Tony glancing quickly from the side before turning around completely and he couldn't blame the man for doubting his decency. He'd considered for a moment making an excuse to ask for the man's help, but he was actually really excited to try the new features. He'd take his chance when he was getting out of the suit.. “All right, all systems up?” Tony walked back over, setting his drink next to Peter's clothes on the desk, trying not to imagine any other scenarios that would involve Peter's clothes to be strewn about his workshop.. “Oh, uh.. No. It's offline.” Peter called out to Karen to confirm, getting nothing in response. His heads up display wasn't working either. “What? Open up.” Tony moved to stand behind him, tiny screwdriver in his mouth as Peter loosened the suit, letting it slip down his shoulders. He could feel the man's calloused hands tugging the material open and he knew it was to tweak the wiring, but he could imagine.. A few moments later and he was pulling back, directing Peter to try again. Instantly, the lights were on and everything looked normal. “Karen, initiate new protocols.” Tony called out, standing back as Peter watched the code quickly floating across the heads up display. “You might feel some pressure as the material reacts to the electronic stimulus. It just needs to calibrate, it shouldn't take long.” Peter twitched a little as he felt what Tony was talking about. Parts of the material were flexing and stiffening around his muscles and it felt kind of like a light massage. It felt nice.. Until it didn't. “Ow!' Peter jerked as he felt the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Shameless Smut
Just Sex
Maybe A Little Plot
Peter Wants the D
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Spider Suit Malfunction
Peter is a Sensitive Little Slut
Peter has Lots of Orgasms
Frottage
Kissing
Blow Jobs
Coming Untouched
Panties
Peter is a Little Shit
Loss of Anal Virginity
Barebacking
Peter Rides Tony Like a Cowboy
Tom Holland is my Spidey

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

