Work Text:
Peter loosened his scarf as soon as he stepped out of the apartment. Aunt May tended to fuss – he was not going to be cold on his way to work.May did not actually know what he did for work. May thought Peter had a part-time paid internship with a tech company to help pay his way through school, which wasn’t…untrue. Mr. Stark did manufacture technology. So what if that tech was silicone-coated and had sixteen vibration settings?Peter would never be a fantastic liar, and he decided it would be better to tell his aunt a version of the truth rather than fabricate an entire lie whose details he would have to remember later. He worked at a tech company, the owner’s name was Tony – as far as New York went, that meant that Peter could be working just about anywhere. The only real lie that Peter told was that he had to sign an NDA as a part of his employment paperwork.Because, in all honesty, Peter could tell anyone he wanted that he’d started starring in porn.Had starred.Had starred in one video, so far. He was walking to the subway, which he would take to film his second video.Mr. Stark thought Peter would ‘mesh well’ with a Stark Naked actor named Wade. As far as Peter could tell through some clever clicking research, Wade had done videos with just about everybody else in the company, and liked sex about any way that he could get it. He’d topped the heck out of that older guy – Hulk? That was his stage name. But then the dude turned around and…well. He’d been reamed to high heaven by the Lord of Thunder or Lightning King or whoever that guy was.Peter was more nervous about screwing Wade than he’d been with the Solider. Or, uh, Bucky. The guy told Peter to call him Bucky. Bucky was a good dude. Very...muscle-y. Kinda snuggly. Great in the whole face-area. As a top, he’d been meticulous and careful and watchful. He told Peter to tell him if he hurt or needed to go slow. Ned poked fun at Peter after the fact (“Ha-ha, you like him!”), but mostly Peter just thought Bucky was a decent dude, which, despite Stark Naked’s impeccable reputation as an ethical pornography conglomerate, Peter hadn’t honestly expected.Peter couldn’t say what he had expected – maybe he thought he would feel dirty, or maybe he thought he would be getting hurt. He didn’t expect a catered scene shooting, didn’t think his scene partner would be actually affable, and definitely had not believed that the sex would be good. But hell, Bucky took care of him.Ned watching him get screwed was weird, though.Peter knew, conceptually, that Ned would see him having sex on camera. Ned got him the job. Or, rather, Ned got him an interview with Mr. Stark, who was surprisingly cool about Peter being awkward and terrible at interviewing. Mr. Stark also told Peter to call him Tony, but Peter couldn’t find it in him to treat his boss so casually.Anyway. His best friend watching him get the business? Weird. Totally weird. But things between them weren’t any weirder than they’d ever been, so maybe Peter was talking himself into feeling strange.The train was crowded, and Peter hyperaware of each body pressing against his. Irrationally, he felt every gaze that passed over him linger, as though the other commuters could read his mind. They knew he was riding his way to the building that housed Stark Naked Industries, and they knew that he was about to bottom for that batshit crazy guy Wade, who didn’t bother to use a fake name for his porn career, because, as Mr. Stark said, “Wade Wilson is incapable of feeling shame.”(“That’s rich coming from you,” the lead cameraman, Happy, had muttered under his breath.)Peter emerged aboveground and stalked across the half-block to set, which lived several stories above street level. When he stepped off the elevator and onto the set floor, Mr. Stark stood mid-conversation with Happy a mere few feet away.“Peter!” Mr. Stark exclaimed, “You’re early, kiddo. Wade will be late, so you have time to eat, if you want.”Not-so-secretly, Peter loved that his boss catered filming, and piled a paper plate high with goodies from the deli around the corner from the building: a giant sandwich, two pickles, a bag of chips, a cup of matzo ball soup – and he stuffed a couple of bagels in the pockets of his winter coat for good measure.“Did you just put bagels in your pockets?”Peter swiveled on his feet to see Tony Stark, arms folded across his chest and one brow high above the lenses of his tinted glasses. Guiltily, Peter reached into his pocket with his free hand and retrieved one of the bagels, reaching out to return it to its platter.“No, no, no,” Tony said, uncrossing his arms to wave them, “You don’t need to put them back. They’ve already had your little hands all over them, anyway. My question is why you are putting the bagels in your pockets. Are you not eating? What are you doing with the money I paid you to be all twinky on camera? Surely that buys food?”“Uh,” Peter said, “Paying tuition. I have some scholarships and stuff, but…it’s n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Porn Star Peter Parker
Porn Star Wade Wilson
porn stars
Alternate Universe - Porn
Alternate Universe - Porn Stars
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Protective Tony Stark
Responsible Wade
Cute Wade
Sassy Peter
Implied Wade Wilson/Bruce Banner
Implied Wade Wilson/Thor
Implied Peter Parker/Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

