Work Text:
 i.In the three hours it takes Tony to arrive at the hospital after he gets the phone call, the hospital staff has obviously forcibly removed Peter from his aunt’s side. Tony finds him sitting in a nondescript hallway by the morgue, staring blankly ahead with blood shot, half-lidded eyes. There’s a nurse at the desk nearby who’s clearly keeping an eye on him, and she looks relieved when Tony shows up. Tony makes eye contact with her and then turns his attention toward Peter.He crouches in front of the kid. Peter just blinks at him and then looks down at Tony’s hand on his knee.“Peter,” Tony whispers. He opens his mouth to say something else, condolences or assurances, he’s not certain, but Peter takes a deep breath and stands, knocking Tony’s hand away.Tony shoots up to his feet as well, holding out a hand to brace Peter. He barely sways, but his face drains of blood and he stares down at his feet like he doesn’t recall them being attached to his legs.“An adult has to be… so I can handle… there’s a lot of paperwork,” Peter says, his voice wrecked. He’s skipping words like a scratched disc, but Tony can get the gist of it so he doesn’t point it out. Peter hadn’t called Tony to take him home and look after him like Tony had thought. He called because the hospital wouldn’t let him make the burial arrangements without an adult present. He probably hasn’t even thought ahead far enough to wonder where he’s going to sleep tonight.Tony hooks a hand around Peter’s elbow and tries to gently push him back into the chair. Peter resists, possibly without even thinking about it, his forehead wrinkling in a weary sort of confusion.“I’ll take care of it, Peter. Ok?” Tony assures. He exerts a little more pressure and Peter finally sinks back into the chair.“I should be the one…” He starts, fumbling over the words. Tony puts a hand on his head and he stills under the touch.“No, you really shouldn’t.”Peter’s hands are shaking. Tony hunts down a vending machine and buys him a bottle of terrible orange juice and forces it on him. Peter looks at him like he hadn’t noticed that Tony had left, and then at the brightly colored bottle like he wants to throw it at the wall but can’t muster up the energy. Tony reaches forward and tilts Peter’s chin back until he looks up.“I’ll be back in a little bit, ok?” Peter looks like he wants to protest again, but instead he just pulls his chin out of Tony’s grasp and fumbles with the lid of the orange juice, giving a twitchy nod.Tony follows the nurse’s directions until he finds the tiny legal office on the same floor. They make him sign a release form for temporary custody of Peter before they let him touch the Parkers’ file, but he was planning on doing that anyway, even if it wasn’t what Peter had intended when he gave the hospital Tony’s number.The last time he had done this had been for his parents. He had been a legal adult at that point, but Obadiah had been there. The thought brings no comfort, and he tries not to dwell on the obvious parallel between himself and the orphan sitting a few halls down.He fills out every form carefully, blinking away Maria Stark from his mind and writing May’s name instead. He feels guilty as he does, reminding himself that a human life has been lost, the life of a passionate, loving woman who by all accounts should have lived another fifty years. The hospital worker that’s watching him assures him that he’s probably in shock, and Tony almost tells her that he barely knew May Parker. But then he remembers who instilled Peter with his compassion and resolve and sense of duty and realizes that that isn’t true. He nods instead, and keeps writing.It takes Tony longer than he expects, and he hurries back to where he left Peter, anxious to get the kid home and into bed. Peter’s in much the same position as he was when Tony first arrived, his eyes practically closed. He’s only drunk about a quarter of the orange juice, but his hands are steady around the bottle, so Tony gently takes it from him and chucks it.“Sorry that took so long, buddy. We’re going to go now, alright?” Tony murmurs. Peter processes this, looking almost suspicious.“Where are we going?” He whispers.“Home,” Tony says. He expects Peter to ask him where he means, but Peter merely closes his eyes as if resigning himself to this and then whispers a small ‘ok.’Tony leads him out of the hospital with a hand on his back, which Peter seems to allow more than appreciate. He’s shivering, probably from shock more than cold, so when they get to the car Tony cranks the heat and points all the vents at Peter before pulling out of the parking lot. He turns the radio on, but keeps the volume so low it’s essentially inaudible. It only takes twenty minutes for Peter to fall asleep and Tony breathes a sigh of relief.He spends the remaining two and a half hours of the drive deep in thought, planning for the next seventy-two hours. He has about a million phone calls to make, top of the list being his lawyer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Tony adopts Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Grief/Mourning
Vomiting
Past Character Death
May dies before the story starts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

