Work Text:
When Sam gets off the Raft, there’s nothing in his new room but a bed and a plant.He doesn’t notice the plant at first. So tired all he can do is collapse into bed, into sleep without twenty-four/seven cell lights and cameras and guards monitoring the situation. He sleeps for ten and a half hours, wakes up long enough to stagger to the bathroom and drink half a bottle of water before he crashes again for another six.He pulls himself up out of sleep again and this time around he actually feels human. Lies in bed for a minute staring at the soothingly plain wall, the window and its soft linen curtain. Sees, for the first time, the plant sitting on the ledge under the window. It’s some kind of lily, Sam thinks. Glossy green leaves. No flowers, but there will be.Fuck, he’s hungry. Hungry enough to get out of bed, to find his way to a kitchen. He's figured out the coffee pot and is halfway through a bowl of puffed rice cereal when Steve shows up, makes a face of surprise.“Didn't expect you to be up,” he says. Pours himself a cup of coffee. “How…”“I'm fine,” Sam says, although maybe he's not fine, really. Rhodes fell and he was up there just to— it should have been him, it could have been him. “How's Barnes?”“He went back into cryo,” Steve says, brittle, “his choice,” and now that Sam thinks about it he can remember having this conversation already, the two of them in the back of the helicopter.“Sorry, man, you said, huh. I was dead on my feet getting off the Raft, you know how it is.”“Sure,” Steve says. Rubs his palm across his jaw, the faint beginnings of a beard. It doesn't look bad, Sam has to admit. Maybe he should try growing his out too.“Who put the plant in my room?” he asks, chewing his cereal. Steve frowns.“What?”“The plant. In my room. It wasn’t you? Where’d it come from?”Steve shrugs, face blank. “Wasn’t me. T’Challa’s staff, maybe? I dunno, you could ask around.”“It’s no big deal,” Sam says. “It’s just— I thought it mighta been you, that’s all. I was curious.”“You don’t want it?”“I want it,” Sam says, firmer than he means to. It’s a nice plant. They relocate three days later, set up in a safehouse unofficially attached to the Wakandan embassy in Johannesburg. It’s not the fanciest, nothing on his old place in DC, just a two-bedroom apartment with a tiny living room and even tinier kitchen, but it gets good sunlight. Sam guesses he can’t exactly complain.He takes his plant with him. Sets it up on his bedside table.Wanda stays in Wakanda, apparently working with T’Challa’s scientists on a solution for the Bucky problem; Clint and Laura and the kids have set up in Melbourne, some kind of deep cover situation. Sam and Steve have Canadian papers, backpackers on an extended trip through Australia and New Zealand and South Africa. Nick Fury coming through for them again, and Sam wonders what they’d have done without him, whether they’d be stuck on T’Challa’s good graces in Wakanda.Sam, at least, would have fit in a little more than Steve’s white ass, he thinks, and pulls on his ball cap, goes out to the grocery store—supermarket—to pick up some more cereal and milk and coffee. They don’t do all that much in the safehouse: reading, crosswords, a jigsaw puzzle that gets spread out across the battered kitchen table and never fucking finished. Sam’s pretty sure at least a couple of the pieces have gotten lost under the fridge, and anyway, it’s all trees and sky, endless blue and green pieces that seem entirely interchangeable and therefore even more boring than chewing biltong and watching Steve try to figure out seven down, ten letters, town in Scotland.He’d gotten to call his family from Wakanda, T’Challa’s secure diplomatic line and a burner cell Natasha had delivered to his sister’s coat pocket while she was watching Monique at the park, but they’ve got no internet connection in the safehouse for fairly obvious reasons, and Sam feels weirdly cut off, caught in a bubble that’s just the two of them. He sends a postcard to his mom, Mary-Beth at the DC VA. Considers mailing one to Secretary Ross just for the joke of it. Hell, if he was gonna do that, he could send one to Tony. Sorry how it turned out. How’s Rhodes?He doesn’t. Licks the stamp and addresses one to a mailbox in rural Minnesota. Wish you were here. Natasha will check it, eventually. There are notebooks at the store where he buys his postcards, nice ones with thick lined paper, bright leather covers. The first time Sam sees them, he ignores them. The second time, he picks one out: deep burgundy, creamy paper inside, and a good pen to match. It feels kind of dumb, but—“What are you doing?” Steve asks that evening, and Sam looks up, shrugs a little.“Writing my memoirs,” he says, half-joking; he’s not sure what he’s doing, really. Keeping a journal, writing embarrassingly teenage scraps of poetry. Whatever. It’s his damn book, he can do what he wants.“Maybe I should write mine,” Steve says, voice low and warm the way it is when he’s poking fu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Post-Civil War
in which bickering is obviously flirting
god bless the good ol' 'trapped in a safehouse' trope huh

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

