Chapter 1: Pathetic Fallacy
    




Chapter Text
Coming back from Siberia didn’t change anything for Tony. His "home" was wrapped in the same cold oppressive silence as the bunker. He didn’t feel any less shattered in the US.Though, he supposed Siberia felt more distant now. Everything did. His emotions felt like a heavy fog rolling out over the sea, suffocating anything that tried to float in the unnaturally still water. A storm was coming, but it wasn’t there yet. He could picture it in his mind's eye: ozone burned his nose and the sky had taken on a sickly yellow cast, but the storm wasn’t there yet. 
Almost two weeks in, the storm broke. Both literally and figuratively. If he was in better condition (his chest ached worse with every breath), Tony would’ve laughed.

“Pathetic fallacy,”


He used to say to Rhodey, back when he was young and whole and storms would fall over his exam dates and he could grin at his rain soaked friend (when rain was biggest threat to Rhodey’s health and his biggest worry was walking...oh god...walking in it).


“Thunder and lighting!”Rhodey had cackled despite his best efforts to remain pissed about the weather (his books were wet and he had bitched about buying new ones for ages),“Enter three witches!”Tony had wrapped himself in a bedsheet, slinging one around Rhodey as well, absolutely ruining them for the night like an idiot, but Rhodey had laughed. Tony had always tried so hard to make Rhodey laugh.Shaking off the memory, Tony stared at the gathering storm clouds and mumbled under his breath,“When shall we three meet again? In thunder, lightning, or in rain?”His hand tightened on the cheap plastic phone in his pocket. Turning away from the window, placing his sunglasses on the bridge of his nose, and drawing an exceptionally (alarmingly) painful breath, Tony went to his doctor’s appointment (the beginning of the end).

 

___________

 

“You already knew there were hairline fractures in your artificial sternum, Tony.”Helen said, snapping out her hand to slap his raised one out of the air, glaring at him reproachfully,“Don’t you dare try to lie to me. I can’t make you take care of yourself, and I value the fact that you at least trust that you can come to me when it’s dire, so I won’t bother threatening you or getting into an argument about this.”She sighed, running her fingers through her hair in a distinctly Pepper-like movement. Her long (dry, cracked, and clever) fingers caught on a snag, and he nearly laughed (Pepper would never - maybe he should send a stylist out to Helen. Was that insulting?).“Your sternum is artificial, Tony. It doesn’t...it doesn’t grow back. It doesn’t heal. A fracture turns into a fissure with this. The whole thing has shifted and is putting pressure on your chest cavity. The soft tissue there is already damaged, your bruising is putting one hell of a strain on your breathing already, and your diaphragm is still swollen from whatever blunt force trauma it has been through.”Tony grimaced. Why was it always the torso with him? It had been through enough already and pushing the wrong side of 50 wasn’t helping at all. God, just getting up in the morning was...well, maybe that had more to do with the rolling fog on the horizon of his mind than oxygen deprivation. At least, he hoped so (hah, since when had depression been the better option?).“It’s going to need to either be braced, in which case you CANNOT risk damaging it again, which honestly I already know isn’t going to fly with you, OR you’ll have to surgically replace it.”Yep, that was pretty much what Tony had feared, somewhere off 39 degrees and several miles from the main issues his mind had been focused on at the time (not dying, not letting Barnes escape, kicking Steve in the shins until he couldn’t wa-no. No. No no n- Helen is here. Focus on Helen). She was watching him, sympathy showing so obviously on her face that it nauseated him. He waved her onwards, shifting his gaze to a wall behind her.“I don’t know if you’ll survive another surgery, Tony. The scar tissue in your chest is exceptionally thick and it has already compressed your chest cavity. Cutting through it again would further reduce your lung capacity. That kind of scar tissue will also place additional pressure on the sternal plate and has a risk of growing over it. There’s also the risk of you developing plurosis - it’s honestly a miracle that you haven’t yet - and a billion other factors I can’t account for. I don’t like it. I can’t exactly grow you healthy grafts with the cradle, either."The words tumbled out so quickly Tony barely had time to process them before Helen continued,"I can’t remove all of your damaged tissue without killing you."She took a deep breath, allowing her uncertainty to show (he remembered the first time he’d decided Dr. Cho was worth every single piece of praise he’d heard about her. When she walked into the dick swinging contest of a medical engineering conference on a guest’s invitation, where she
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
AI Squad as Family
Side Pairing Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Past Almost Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Petty Tony Stark
Murder Kitten Bucky
Literature Nerd Tony Stark
Slow Burn
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Extremis Tony Stark
Therapy
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky is weird but he's trying his best
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Bucky: A Man of Many Fixations
Pining Bucky Barnes
Number One Robo-Dad Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Rhodey Dreams of Finally Having a Goddamn Vacation
Cussing
I'll make you cry
I'll Make You Laugh
I'll Take Y'all to a Literature Class
Frankly Excessive Use of Quotes
Significantly More Serious Than Expected
Mention of Red Room BuckyNat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
AI Squad as Family
Side Pairing Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Past Almost Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

