Work Text:

  Why is Wanda different from Hydra and Loki?  
“I don’t understand!”Sam sighed at Steve’s outburst, “What now?”“Look, I understand that Tony is also victim, I can see that now. But people are crucifying Wanda for something she had no control. It wasn’t like Loki who dictated someone’s actions almost to the detail but people are even angrier at Wanda than they are at Loki even with the level of…control not being anywhere near the same, this is what I can’t understand.”The former airman looked around them. The common room of the European Enhanced Prison is exactly the same as the American, Canadian, Asian and African ones, might as well since why sacrifice its innumerous safety measures for the sake of aesthetics? So it also has a dozen or so TV monitors that an inmate could ask JOCASTA to change for them. All in all, they were much nicer than the usual American jail. Sam also knew why the subject was brought up: the screen closest to them was showing the final court day of Wanda’s.The lawyer did the best he could. Court appointed, nervous and clearly very new at this, the young man was just too shy to properly coach Wanda not to speak out of turn. It was easy to be afraid of her, after all.The judges already decided on a sentence for the theoretically ‘bigger’ crimes of her involvement with HYDRA and Johannesburg when her intentions were clearly malicious and even Lagos where it was an accident which the majority of the onus was put on Steve and Natasha anyway as the experienced ones that decided she was field-ready. Leipzig didn’t help the situation at all but considering the ignorance of pretty much everybody involved on Steve’s side, she was only sentenced for the property damages and her part in Rhodes' injury.Now they reached her newly revealed part in the Ultron business and it was clear that while the ones judging her part on it were a little confused on how to proceed – understandably since they can deal with physical torture or mental manipulation, coercion, blackmail or plain fear but when someone’s powers is literally get inside someone’s head then it’s a little unprecedented – the people watching were reacting a lot more violently than they did with Loki.“Which part are you saying that she had no control?”“You know how her powers work. They are not…meticulous on the… plans. She can pull or push down feelings so strongly that we basically hallucinate and then we produce images and sounds based on whatever she heightened. Wanda didn’t put the idea of Ultron on Tony’s head, she mentally compromised him on getting back to that but she didn’t put the idea on his head.”“Let’s remember that the original plans also didn’t include the Mind Stone, Steve.” Sam reminded him but Steve shook his head.“I’m not talking about that. I understand why Tony was never put in court for Ultron. Alien tech, the usual security measures were not sufficient and he never deviated from what he usually does. I know that Wanda made him revisit the project and it didn’t turn out the way he hoped because not even Thor knew that there was something maliciously sentient inside the Gem itself that doesn’t come from the user. But Loki commanded almost everything Selvig and Clint did to the letter but there wasn’t nearly as many…death threats to him while Wanda didn’t even know about Ultron at all.”And Sam finally set aside his apathy for some deep thinking. Outside his therapy sessions, the former airman hasn’t made much effort of his own, mainly because he had no idea when his old and worn star struck tendencies towards Steve would or could emerge.“I think,” he started with caution, “that part of it is that Loki didn’t hide what he did. I mean, there was news coverage and even dozens of testimonies about what he did in Stuttgart and then his little show in New York, even in New Mexico, the ones that covered that one up were SHIELD… Wanda knew her part in Ultron and decided that no one needed to know while the world ripped Tony apart.”Steve winced at that and Sam knew he was thinking that Wanda wasn’t the only one to hid deeply personal and criminal information. Perhaps a little unfairly, but Sam couldn’t help the stray thought that even with the ‘volunteering for a German scientist to experiment on them to protect their country’ proving to be false, then Steve had other traits in common with Maximoff.“I guess,” Steve frowned a little, “the other day, some commenter… journalist? Was saying that news of corruption and lies didn’t surprise anyone anymore.”And Sam got where he was trying to get but, “It’s not the same. They were probably talking about politicians or big corporations that cut corners and screwed people over. This is someone that, aside from Tony and Banner, was supported by the entire roster of Avengers to become one. Although not knowing about Ultron, you guys knew her part in Johannesburg. People understand why Tony and Banner didn’t volunteer the information about South Africa: their credit wasn’t exactly 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not exactly Steve Rogers Friendly
But more like Confused Steve Rogers
(the tag is just in case)
Sam Wilson sheds some light
Not Wanda Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
