Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Stepping forward on silent feet, the man’s head was bowed, eyes respectfully lowered. The posture was expected of an Omega, and more, of a slave. The first was a designation he’d held since birth. The second, a more recent affair. Though he was hard pressed to decide which condition was more perilous to his survival. More, hard pressed to decide which infuriated him further. And so, while he presented the perfect picture of obedience, it was nothing more than an act. A deliberate tactic to hide the fury he knew full well was visible in his eyes, if anyone had bothered themselves to look into them. Because while Stevanos may be full of a surging rage, his survival instincts were stronger.            It was survival that had prompted him to move forward, when his mother had passed at such a young age, leaving him alone to the mercies of the often cruel world of Rome he had been born into. Grief had tempted him to simply give up, and take a place in the soil beside her. Yet she would not have wanted that for her only son, whom she had toiled so hard to provide the best life possible for – a task which had eventually cost his mother her own life. And so, with the memory of her strength in mind, to bolster him up and carry him forward, Stevanos had endured. Using wit and luck to survive the streets of Rome which were both beautiful, and unforgiving. Until he’d been captured, his Omega designation causing him to be legally enslaved by an empire that claimed possession of all unprotected Omegas. At which point, survival had become a renewed battle, infinitely more difficult that the simple struggle to earn enough to eat day to day.            Forced into a state that was little more than servitude, no matter how the Romans might dress up their intentions by declaring their ownership as a rightful and just “protection” for Omegas who held no rights of their own, Stevanos had survived. He had, through a mixture of cunning and strength, avoided the fate that met so many of his fellow Omegas – just so much chattel sold off to the highest bidder, increasing the status of the purchaser, and the wealth of Rome all at once. For while being an Omega almost inevitably resulted in a life of slavery, when they held no rights, no freedom, and no recourse, possessing an Omega was highly desired. An Alpha with their own Omega was launched to the highest levels of society, while even Betas who had the riches to purchase their own were considered heads above the rest of their designation.            Of course, not all Omegas were bought and sold. Many were married off in political or societal maneuvers made by their families, the mergers of blood lines brokered with the intention of power – the most valuable currency in Rome. Most rare of all, were the matches of love. Omegas marrying Alphas or even Betas, not with the intention of bettering anyone, but simply because of where their hearts led them. It was a practice looked down upon by the Empire who’s every action was used to garner more power, but still legally within the Omegas rights, so long as the head of their family consented.            It was this sort of union Stevanos’ mother use to tell him about when he was young, hand gently stroking his hair as she promised someday the only person he would belong to was the person who won his heart. Yet with her death, so too had that dream died, and Stevanos had never known a single Omega who had been free to choose their destiny. Every one of his acquaintances were all simply pawns in the fierce battle for grandeur that was Roman life.            Yet while being exchanged from hand to hand for money with no recourse was the typical fate of Omegas who had no family to protect them – or barter them – it was not the only fate. Another destiny had arisen, a true demonstration of Rome’s wealth, and passion for entertainment, the more vicious the better. What better way to displays Rome’s prosperity than to sacrifice Omegas, a highly valuable commodity, within the sort of games that had become so popular? The very idea of the designation defined by their “weakness”, their delicacy, their reputed inability to make rational decisions of their own, being used in the gladiatorial games caught on with the rapidity of a raging fire.            The citizens of Rome had looked on with rapt fascination as Omegas were coerced to fight, on the one hand both amused and distressed at the weakest of their ranks who could provide little sport, yet provided much awe at such precious property being sacrificed with such reckless abandon. Clearly the empire was rich beyond measure to throw away Omegas with such a disdainful disregard, and the wasteful extravagance of it gratified the masses. Above all, it was a satisfying reaffirmation that Omegas were meant to be ruled, when they could do so little to defend themselves.            On the other hand, there was the struggle to know how to react when there were some Omegas who w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Historical
Not Canon Compliant
Slavery
Non-Realistic Historical Timeslines
Gladiator Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Omega Steve Rogers
Pharaoh James "Bucky" Barnes
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Slow Burn
Bucky Is Royalty
And Therefore Arrogant
but a good guy
Eventual Smut
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rimming
Knotting
Mating Cycles/In Heat

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

