Chapter 1: The Return
    




Chapter Text
Ever since Tony had had his epiphany about the possibility of bringing Jarvis back two days ago he’d thought of little else. He hadn’t said anything to anyone else, though, afraid that they’d say he was crazy or that doing so would somehow jinx the whole thing. He recognized that it was rather paranoid of him, and not particularly healthy, yet the feeling persisted.  He remembered the team’s (the old team’s) dismissal of Jarvis’s death, their dismissal of pretty much everything he’d said and done, and it hurt. While he knew the new team was nothing like the old one, some scars were still there, some lingering fear and insecurity still lurking around in his mind and heart. So he would deal with it himself, and if it didn’t work he would not have to endure anyone’s pity or disdain for his feelings about his old friend.He had started by checking the codes and back-ups again. The damage had been considerable, but it should not have been impossible to fix. He had managed to repair the worst of it a couple of months after the “Ultron incident”, yet it hadn’t been enough. For some reason Tony had never been able to figure out, each and every attempt to reboot the system and, in essence, bring Jarvis back, had failed. After several unsuccessful tries, each more discouraging than the last, he had been forced to concede defeat and give up.The repaired code was still there, kept on an isolated server as he’d had to make room for Friday once it became clear that Jarvis wouldn’t be returning. He went over it again now, fixing up a few more things as he read through it. The rebooting protocols seemed to be fine, yet they still refused to work.The plan, such as it was, was to jump-start it using the Soul Stone, though how exactly Tony wasn’t sure yet. It was, perhaps, a rather risky procedure, but he was going to try it anyway, with as many safeguards in place as he could think of.He could not believe that the Infinity Stones were inherently evil, since Vision was clearly a nice guy. Thus, whatever had happened with Ultron couldn’t have been the Mind Stone alone. Considering all he’d learned about Wanda Maximoff in her trial, Tony would hazard a guess that she had had something to do with it, that it was her influence or contact with the Mind Stone that had caused Ultron to seek destruction. When Jarvis had been the one doing the influencing/contact, Vision had turned out much more balanced and reasonable. If that theory was correct, then there was no reason to believe that using the Soul Stone would be dangerous in the sense of creating another murder bot. In any case, Tony wasn’t planning to integrate the Stone into anything, just get it to unblock whatever was keeping Jarvis from “waking up”, for lack of a better term.To that end, Tony had been re-studying everything he’d learned about the Infinity Stones so far. The way in which they worked – or even what they were, really – was still a mystery to him, but he did know they had some kind of complex code somewhat akin to a computer. The basis for it was totally alien (ha), obviously, which was what had made it so hard to establish an interface back when he and Bruce had been trying to create Ultron. He wouldn’t need anything like that now, however. He was going to try to recreate a little bit of the incident that had brought his parents back, in a smaller scale, since there would be no physical bodies to materialize.Theoretically, he should ask the Accords Panel permission to use the Stone, but he wasn’t going to do that. They wouldn’t understand why it was important (because it was only important to him), and would likely refuse it. The Stones were considered highly dangerous, after all.Tony had thought long and hard about it since the idea had occurred to him. Was he being as selfish and arrogant as Rogers, wanting to save one of his oldest friends? Perhaps. Still, Tony was quite sure he would not be putting anyone in danger for this. If it failed, it failed, and no one would be any the wiser. He was making a decision without consulting anyone, maybe partly because he didn’t trust anyone else to agree with him on this, but he was not making such a decision for the world, or expecting everyone to just bow down to him in everything. This was not a decision based on arrogance and it did not impose his will on others. He just wanted his friend back (and his friend wasn’t a dangerously unstable brainwashed assassin with dozens of murders to his name).Didn’t he deserve this? After everything he’d done for the world? All the sacrifices he’d made, all the pain he’d endured? All he’d lost? Or was he being too greedy in wanting everything? After all, he already had his parents miraculously back. Was he wishing for too much? His therapist had told him many times that it was okay to want things, even the things he wasn’t sure he deserved. She’d also told him that there was no such thing and an undeserved wish. He wanted his family back, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Stark family feels
Handwavy Science
Adults talking like adults

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Friday & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

