Chapter 1: Under his skin
    


Notes:
*Edit* Well hello! I've decided to give everyone a song to listen to each chapter. Something to go with the events of each chapter. So here's the first song Fear by Sleeping At Last




Chapter Text
Tony Stark was a changed man. Not 100% changed, but still a changed man. Afghanistan had done a number on him. He had nightmares more often than not. Most nights were spent in the lab working on his armour rather than sleeping. The palladium poisoning didn’t help matters much either. It was like life just wanted to do him in. As he had told Pepper, he shouldn’t be alive. Since coming home from Afghanistan, Tony spent almost every night alone. With the few exceptions of when Pepper or Rhodey came to visit, Tony was alone, and when he was alone his mind tended to wander. Tony hated when his mind did this, so he got drunk and tinkered on his new inventions for SI. This was not the life he wantedOne night, while it was storming, Tony was curled up on the couch in his lab. His tablet was perched on his lap while he perused some of the new science journals. The soft pitter-patter of rain against the glass was soothing as Tony opened up a page on biomechanics. Now he wasn’t a biologist but that didn’t mean that Tony didn’t find it interesting. He was deeply engrossed in his reading when he saw a little article off to the side. It was about a group of scientists who had made an artificial womb to grow a premature lamb. Tony clicked on the article and began reading. From there the wheels in his head began turning. Tony kept looking at peer review article after peer review article. He thought, “What if I could do this with a human from the get-go?”, “What if I could grow a baby without the need for a mother?”. Schematics flew through his head at lightning speed as he though up different ways to improve upon the design. And then he stopped thinking. “What the hell is wrong with me?” muttered Tony, his calloused hands running down his face. “What the actual hell is wrong with me? I can’t raise a kid. I can’t fucking do that. I’d turn out just like Howard. Fuck this!” And with that Tony tossed his tablet onto the couch and turned to walk up to his bedroom. Maybe this would be the night he actually got some sleep. He had been up for 36-hours straight and was in dire need of rest. The body could only subsist off of coffee and DUM-E’s smoothies for so long. And he was right, the second his head hit the pillow he was out. That night Tony dreamed of a little boy with his hair and eyes.Weeks passed and the idea of a child had firmly planted itself into Tony’s head. At first, it was just a little thought. Than it festered into this all-consuming thing. Now Tony was obsessed and doing more research on the matter and drawing up blueprints. He even missed board meetings which annoyed Pepper to no end. Tony and Pepper were still very good friends. Even though they had kissed on top of that roof, they had admitted to each other that maybe they were better off as friends than as lovers. Tony was hunched over his workbench surrounded by holograms that he had JARVIS project for him. And this was how Pepper found him when she walked into his lab. Tony had missed the last 3 board meetings and she was getting pissed. “Just what do you think you’re doing?” Tony jumped in his seat as he heard Pepper speak. He looked at her before lowering his gaze back to his work.“Stuff.” He muttered, not paying much attention to the new arrival in his workshop. “Tony, you’ve missed the last 3 board meetings. I know you don’t like them but still, this is a new low even for you. What could you be working on that could possibly be more important than meetings?” She looked like she was about to murder Tony. Tony averted his eyes and continued to manipulate the holograms in front of him.“It’s a uh… personal project.”“A personal project?”Tony didn’t answer. He just kept working. Pepper walked closer so that she could get a look at what Tony was working on. It looked like Greek to her as she inspected the holograms in front of Tony. Pepper was smart but none of what Tony was currently working on looked familiar to her.“Tony, what is all this. It looks like nothing I’ve ever seen?”“It’s just stuff. Nothing concerning.”“If it’s some fancy new thing for your suits that could end up getting you killed so help me God…”“No no no, it’s nothing like that.”“Than what is it?” Pepper’s looked like she could set him aflame just by looking at him. “It’s a… um... a…” Tony was lost for words. How exactly do you explain to your friend that you’re creating a device to have a child without using another humans’ uterus? Pepper continued her death stare. It took a lot to break a Stark, but Pepper’s stare was one of the few things that could. “Fine.” Tony’s head hit the table he was working at. “Pepper… I want a kid.”“Excuse me?” Pepper looked like she had been slapped in the face. Had she heard that right?“Tony, have you even thought this through?
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Family
Stony - Freeform
Dad!Tony
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Adoption
Babies!
Kid Fic
Anxiety Disorder
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Nightmares
The Avengers - Freeform
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Cannon Violence
Iron Baby
Parent Steve Rogers
Iron Dad
Deaf Clint Barton
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
heed the chapter warnings
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Steve Rogers
Superhusbands
Superfamily
Tony still has the arc reactor
some disturbing themes and imagery due to mental manipulation and visions in later chapters.
Civil War Fix-It
Minor Character Death
Very slight non-con
not enough to make a main archive warning
but enough that if you don't bother to read my chapter notes you'll be caught off guard
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Jane Foster/Thor

