Chapter 1



Notes:
this was fun. and ... extremely time consuming.edited: 14/5/18edited: 24/5/18edited: 31/5/18 (thanks to Azure_Star36 for pointing out my dumb grammar mistakes!)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
   Time is a funny, funny thing. This dawns upon Peter Parker as he's clinging to a wall, bare fingertips aching. To him, it feels as if he's been stuck to this wall for an eternity; but then he squints blearily at the shattered face of his wristwatch and comes to realise with an overwhelming amount of debility that it's barely been five minutes. Time is the funniest thing, but it doesn't make Peter laugh. He rests his forehead against the surface of the wall, taking comfort of the cool brick against his skin. In the distance both near and far, he can hear many things — after all, this is New York, and New York isn't exactly famous for it's silence — but he carefully tunes it all out until what he's searching for becomes divided from the hum of the traffic outside. Voices; both dramatically different, akin to the men who own them. One is gruff and accented with a sharp tang of something Russian, while the American's is lilting and kind and definitely counters the tone of the companion he so closely follows. Peter swallows and it roars in his ears so emphatically that, for a moment, he thinks it could give his position away. He's not really the most practical hider — he's always been the kind of person to get himself included rather than to withhold from it — but he supposes that clinging to a wall in a cutaway of the alley, body positioned so that he is concealed in the shadow cast by the streetlamps outside, is good enough for him. The Russian man swings his foot at a trashcan and it topples over, scattering crushed cans and empty Chinese takeaway boxes across the floor. "Where the fuck could he have gone?" he curses, head snapping towards his accomplice as if he's to blame. "I saw him go in here! A dead-end alleyway... no way out. Where could he have gone?" He trails off, then. A small voice in the back of Peter's mind tells him that he's been caught — that his stupid hiding spot isn't as smart as he thinks it is. But this is thankfully proven incorrect when the American begins to speak, his serene tone the voice of reason. "Maybe he just... slipped out of the alley without us noticing. He was pretty scrawny." Peter’s unappreciation for the insult burns into the wall. "I would have seen him," the Russian insists, his accent growing stronger the more fury he pumps into his words. He kicks another trashbin over; this one spills multiple empty doughnut boxes. Does this man have no regard for New York’s littering laws? "Honest to God. He's here somewhere." "It's possible you didn't see him go," the American counters patiently. He goes to put his hand on his companion's shoulder, but visibly hesitates; Peter understands that this highlights who is the more dominant — and dangerous — of the pair. Peter assesses his situation further. If he were to drop to the ground, there is an extremely high chance of him being found and chased down — and Peter's body really doesn't run nearly as fast as it used to. The amount of trouble he's been put through just because he can't find it in himself to sprint faster or jump further is growing ridiculous. He glances up the wall. The light from the streetlamps hits the building on the other side of it, and crawling from the wall to the side of the building could also give his position away. Besides, his backpack — which holds everything he owns — is still tucked behind one of the giant metal skips in the alley and he really, really cannot afford to lose that. He hates that he's unfortunate enough to be in this situation, and all because he napped outside of the wrong apartment building. Parker luck does that to you, he supposes. "Let's just go," the American says — no, pleads, in a voice so innocent that Peter finds he nearly likes the man. "It was just some homeless kid. All he was doing was sleeping. It wasn't like he was breaking our windows or vandalising the side of the building." The Russian doesn't appear to be pleased by this new information, for he violently kicks over yet another trashbin with a roar, and the clatter sends alarm bells ringing throughout his whole body all at once. It takes a couple of minutes for the man to agree with his patient companion, but he agrees nonetheless, and Peter holds his stuttering breath as the pair walk right underneath him. He watches their backs; watches the way the Russian fingers at the tip of the dagger he'd wanted to sink into Peter's chest; watches the way the American skips like a jolly school girl as they hit the street again. He waits. Listens for their footsteps until he can't tell the difference between theirs' and everyone else's. Inhaling a lungful of polluted New York air, Peter drops quietly to the ground. The bitter cold wind sends aggressive shivers up
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Homeless Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Literally an excuse to write shameless Peter Parker whump lmao
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Avengers
bad language
Peter doesn't have his suit or webshooters
But he's still Spiderman
Avengers are a family
Clint and Sam are best bro friends
Who add Peter into their bro gang
Humour
Domestic Fluff
Angst
not movie compliant
OOC Aunt May
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Bucky is probably OOC
Everyone loves Peter
Insecure Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

