Work Text:
It starts out innocently, as do so many things in Bucky's life.Steve suggests it, because of course he does.Bucky inevitably caves after an embarrassingly short time, because of course he does.Steve paints the whole ordeal as some sort of bonding experience that will help instill a sense of blah, blah, blah or whatever the fuck he said. Bucky wants to call bullshit because never, in all the time they spent with the Commandos, did someone suggest to get drunk and share deep, dark secrets with each other. But then again, he recalls how loose-lipped Dum Dum and Morita used to get on the rare occasions that they got to drink, so maybe there is something to the whole idea.Bucky still thinks it’s dumb, though."It's not really sharing secrets, Buck," Steve tries to reason. Badly, Bucky might add. All this time in the 21st century and he still can't lie for shit. "It's just a way to let loose and get to know each other. People do it all the time to get closer as a group.""Sounds like an excuse to get drunk and be nosy," Bucky drones from the shower, wishing just for one second that Steve thought it was even a little weird to sit on the bathroom counter while Bucky showers. If for nothing else, it's just easier to not try and yell over the spray of water.“And besides," Bucky adds, "A group of superheroes ain’t exactly regular people, y’know?”Steve nods, conceding. Well, Bucky can't exactly see Steve nodding, but he knows his boy. He's nodding."Look," Bucky sighs as he turns the water off and reaches out for the towel Steve readily hands over. "I'm not saying I don't want to go, but I have a lot of shit that isn't really, uh, sharing material. I’m not exactly itching to rehash the Winter Soldier’s Greatest Hits or anything to a bunch of your drunk friends."Bucky wraps the towel around his waist and reaches for another smaller towel to dry his hair off, trying to ignore the sad look in Steve's eyes. He slides Steve out of the way with one arm, reaching for his razor with the other. He's starting to look like a bum again."Our drunk friends, Buck, and I swear nobody is gonna go there; I can promise that. If they do, you can just stab them, but only once and nowhere fatal." Bucky smiles at that. Steve knows him so well. "Besides, from what I’ve been told, it’s usually just people trying to discover who’s done the most freaky sex acts."Bucky laughs through his nose, waiting to pull the razor away from his neck before leveling Steve with a raised eyebrow."Well if that’s the case, why are you so eager to play along? If I recall correctly, and I do, you ain't exactly Saint Rogers."Steve ducks his head, hiding the blush that is turning his ears the most appealing shade of pink."They don't know that, though," Steve mumbles, chin to chest."Oh, really?" Bucky quickly washes away the shaving cream and reaches for the aftershave that always gets Steve weak in the knees. A dab here and there and Bucky is set. Now, for the hair. He reaches for the bottle of hair serum - whose existence he will deny to his dying day, whenever the fuck that ends up being - and pumps out a dollop before working it into his hair. “You didn’t think to share that Captain America took it up the ass like a pro for years?”"Yeah, no," Steve snorts. "Apparently Captain America stands for justice, liberty, and abstinence. I’m telling ya Bucky, you wouldn't believe the amount of people that think I'm some blushing virgin or something just because I haven’t been throwing my star spangled dick around like some people think I should be."Bucky’s pretty sure he can imagine who this “some people” is that’s so interested in Steve’s sex life, and he’s suddenly glad Steve’s given him a stab opportunity.Regardless, he still laughs out loud at the thought of Steve, his Stevie, being a virgin. Bucky remembers vividly the night he and Stevie finally quit pussyfooting around and just did the damn thing. He'll take it to his grave, but Bucky was scared out of his skin the whole time. Still, to this day it's one of the few memories he has that is his, that is safe."Alright, you've convinced me," Bucky says, reaching for the blow-dryer. "There's no way I'm missing everyone's faces when they find out that Captain Purity is a 100 year old cockslut."Steve only smiles, shrugging as if it's a badge of honor. Heck, it practically is."Hopefully JARVIS can record the whole thing," Steve laughs, smacking Bucky's ass as he makes his way out of the bathroom to get dressed.Bucky shakes his head, imagining everyone's heads actually exploding.They have no idea what they're in for.~The atmosphere in the lounge is friendly and Steve feels Bucky relax minutely behind him. It's always a mixed bag with Bucky when it comes to crowds, but it seems like his desire to relive Steve's Greatest - and Sluttiest - Hits overpowers anything else and he confidently stays by Steve's side throughout dinner.Well, calling it "dinner" is a stretch. Really, it's just a hodgepodge of takeout from all acros
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Porn with Feelings
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Daddy Kink
Feminization
Virginity Kink
Virginity Roleplay
Pregnancy Kink
Subspace
Declarations Of Love
Body Worship
Light Dom/sub
Rimming
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Pet Names
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub Steve Rogers
Gratuitous Use of the Word pussy
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

