Chapter 1: Walking in
    


Notes:
Hello and welcome everyone! This is the first fanfiction I've ever written, and I'm a bit nervous. Partly because I have no idea what people will think about this thing between Tony and May. Well, hopefully you'll enyoj it! My plan is that this is going to be a pretty long story, I only have a few ideas of storylines and stuff, and definitely no plans about the ending. New chapters will probably be posted on Sundays, but maybe some time during the week as well if I have time. Alright, I think that's it for now, enjoy!




Chapter Text
Peter thought May would never meet someone again after Ben.
He'd asked her about it, hesitantly, a few months after the accident. Even though he couldn't imagine someone else coming into their life, he stilled worried about May being alone. Yes, she had him, but maybe that wasn't enough for her. And even though he never mentioned it, he had noticed small things like May starting to buy from cheaper food brands and always coming up with an excuse as to why she couldn't take Peter to go shopping for new clothes that day.
But she'd just shrugged with a soft smile and said that she was happy with it just being the two of them. So he thought it would.
That was, until he walked in on his aunt and Tony Stark sitting together on the couch in his living room, both of them holding a glass of wine.
When May had first found out about him being Spider-Man, she had been furious. When Peter eventually had calmed her down enough that she'd stopped screaming and started breathing normally, she called Tony. After about half an hour of yelling at him as well, she told him to come over immediately so that she could talk to him face-to-face.
That was their first Spider-Man-related meeting at the Parker residence, which lasted for a good couple of hours and had contained the making of a lot of new rules for Peter if he wanted to keep being the swinging vigilante. Peter protested, but Tony agreed with May that a couple of rules would be good for him. Peter wasn't sure if he really meant it, or just wanted to get on May's good side.
After that, they'd had a few more meetings regarding Peter, although never as long or heated as that first one. It was mostly for Tony to fill May in on what was happening in Peter's double life, or if May had any questions. Peter thought it was unnecessary for him to be there, since they were just talking about him and not to him. But May always insisted that they all had to be there.
So you could say that he was pretty confused when he found them sitting alone in the apartment, not having informed Peter of any meeting. The wine bottle stood half-full on the coffee table and they were sitting opposite each other with different looks of shock and embarrassment on their faces, as well as different shades of red.
Peter raised one eyebrow, looking between the two of them. "Am I the only getting a déjà vu right now?"
May breathed a small laugh, and Tony slowly put down his wine glass on the coffee table with a wide grin. No one spoke a word.
"Am I in trouble?" Peter said uncertainty after a beat of silence. A part of him kind of hoped that was the reason they were there.
"Oh, no", May reassured him with a forced smile and put her wine glass down as well. Tony was rolling his thumbs and looking anywhere but at Peter. It went silent again.
"Are-.. Did I miss another meeting?", he continued, not really knowing if he was getting more confused or just refusing to accept the scene in front of him.
"No, kid, you didn't", Tony spoke, finally meeting Peter's gaze. "Your aunt and I were just having a friendly little chat." He smiled, though it seemed forced and didn't really reach his eyes.
"About wha-" Peter continued, but was cut off by May.
"What are you doing home so early? I thought you were spending the night at Ned's." She uncrossed her legs and scooted slightly backwards toward the arm of the couch, farther away from Tony.
"Um.. he thought he was getting a fever and told me to go home so that I wouldn't get sick too, even though I told him I probably can't get sick anymore because of, you know, the spider-thing, but he wouldn't have it, so-.. yeah, here I am." He gestured awkwardly at himself.
"Well, that's too bad. Hopefully he'll get well again by tomorrow." May smiled softly and looked down at her lap, starting to fiddle with a thread on her skirt, which Peter noticed was way nicer than what she usually wore.
"Yep", Peter answered, putting his hands in his pockets. He looked back at Tony, who was avoiding his gaze again.
What was going on here?
"Should I go?" he said hesitantly, taking a step back toward the door. He wasn't really sure if he wanted to know what was going on. Considering May and Tony's awkward and evasive behavior, he guessed it wasn't something he was going to like.
"No, no, Peter, it's fine", May sighed, finally letting her fake smile fade. She turned her eyes to Tony for the first time since Peter had walked in and gave h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & May Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark/May Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fluff
Adoption
Angst and Fluff
relationships
Tony is a good dad
Irondad
Sexual Content
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags May Change
tags contain spoilers duh
Domestic Avengers
peter is in love
Family
There's a lot of things going on ok
awkward teenage sex
Angst
Tony and May are dating
Tony and May adopt Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & May Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Tony Stark/May Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

