Work Text:
The silence of the workshop was only interrupted by the tap tap tap of Tony typing on the holographic projections floating above his work station.  Normally, the genius would be whirling around the workshop with barley concealed glee, working on a million and one things at once.  Today, however, Tony sat subdued, the shops lights only at ten percent, the arc reactor casting a soft yet gloomy glow over the files Tony was working on.To be honest, Tony had no idea what he was working on.  He was going on seventy-five hours without sleep, hiding out in the shop for the last two weeks.  What ever little sleep he had gotten was short, and filled with nightmares of being alone, of being back in the cave, or in the dark of space, or feeling Obie’s hands on him, or…Tony sucked in a deep breath, willing himself to stop thinking, stop thinking, stop thinking. Funny, how just a few months ago Tony’s life had been at an all-time high.  Ever since Steve and him had started dating, Tony had never felt more like he was apart of a family in his life.  Tony knew in retrospect the love and affection the team had recently shown him was only to indulging their captain’s new relationship.  He also knew Steve was only dating him out of pity, after all, Tony hadn’t been necessarily secretive about his giant crush on the all-American hero. That didn’t make it easier when Bucky Fucking Barnes came waltzing into the tower, stole Clint’s bag of chips, and promptly dropped his ass on the couch and began watching “Toddlers and Tiaras” with Natasha.  Steve had been shocked, and had nearly suffocated Barnes with the biggest reunion hug this century has ever seen.  There had been tears (mostly Steve) and teasing by the other team mates, but the overall reunion between the super soldiers was melodramatic and fairly quiet.From then on Bucky feel seamlessly into the team.  He watched corny daytime shows with Natasha, had eating competitions with Thor, did morning yoga with Bruce, practiced his marksmanship with Clint, and of course, was practically attached to the hip to Steve. Seeing Steve with anyone, much less his former omega, was hard for Tony.  It certainly didn’t help that all the old rumors about Bucky was true, and he was just as ‘swell’ as the history books made him out to be.  Steve and Tony had never really talked about how their relationship was going to progress after Bucky return.  For a while, it had seemed like maybe, just maybe, Steve would stay with him.  Tony had hoped beyond hope maybe Steve would take pity on him.  That Steve would stay with him, if even for just a while. Tony knew it was pathetic, wishing for Steve to stay with him even if his heart belonged to another omega.  Truth be told, Tony had always thought the old saying, “If you love something, let it go, and if it loves you, it will come back,” would never apply to him.  Tony knew, no matter how much he loved someone, they would never come back to him.  Time and time again had proven this hypothesis, and Tony was not ashamed to admit that with Steve, he was desperate to hold onto what little love he could get.  Steve had been the nicest alpha Tony had ever been with.  He’d always been sweet and loving, never hitting Tony for doing something wrong and never forcing Tony into something he didn’t want.  Steve was everything Tony had ever dreamed of, back when he had just presented and the ideas of having a partner to love him and cherish him were still fresh on his mind.  Years of abuse and hurt had pushed those dreams away, and they’d almost been forgotten until Steve had come, all smiles and “aw shucks”, mixed with apple pie and sweet words. For almost half a year Tony was able to enjoy Steve’s love and attention, and while Bucky’s return had caused a slight ripple in Tony’s happiness for the past month, Tony had loved every moment of it.He really should have known it would have never lasted.  In his heart of hearts, when Bucky had come back, Tony had known.  An internal count down had started, and the clock finally hit zero when Tony had walked into the common living room, intent on finding someone to help test out some of the team’s newly upgraded gear, had stumbled upon Steve and Bucky dancing.From a third-party point of view, the scene would have been truly beautiful.  Bucky and Steve were both definitely lookers in their own right, and in the dimmed lights of the living room, bodies pressed against one another, swaying in time with the beautiful music, the scene looked like it had been pulled straight out of one of those horrible Alpha Omega romance novels Clint denied he read. Tony, being the masochist he was, had stayed and watched.  He’d watched as Steve held Bucky like he was the most precious thing in the world, and how Bucky would slowly lean in closer and closer to Steve, as though by just shear determination the two of them could become one.  When the song had stopped, another one automatically started, and Tony continued to watch until 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Past Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Insecure Tony Stark
Tony Needs a Hug
Steve Needs a Hug
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Omega Verse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

