Chapter 1: Arrival
    




Chapter Text
God knew what this was about.Jarvis and Ana followed Mr. Stark out of the SI plane and into the London airport. There was a single man waiting in the lounge area. He turned his head as they walked out. The man, clean shaven, stood up and walked over. The man and Mr. Stark shook hands.‘Howard Stark, I presume?’ he said.‘And you must be Palmer Holmes.’‘Guilty.’ Mr. Holmes looked past him. ‘Mr. and Mrs. Jarvis, also?’‘Yeah.’ Howard grinned back at them. ‘So, we heading to King’s Cross now?’‘King’s Cross,’ Mr. Holmes, displaying the same lack of social graces Mr. Stark had, pulled out four train tickets. ‘Jump on the train to Stafford and then Jim and Pam will pick us up at the station.’‘Your head of domestic staff?’ Jarvis asked, because Mr. Stark had said something about old money and an ancestral estate.‘Yes.’ Palmer turned and led them out of the airport. A taxi took them from the airport to King’s Cross and then boarded the train to Stafford. The whole trip, Mr. Stark and Mr. Holmes were discussing something that didn’t make an awful lot of sense to Jarvis. Then Mr. Stark clarified something and made at least part of the issue clear. ‘So, unless they can get them in for surgery, poisoning, beating, and shooting is par for the course?’‘Yeah,’ Mr. Holmes said. ‘We’ve had four beatings, one shooting, three poisonings, and one intentional malpractice leading to death.’‘Hm.’ Mr. Stark reached down into the carry-on bag he’d brought with him and drew out a sketch pad he’d brought along. He grabbed a pencil and immediately started sketching out schematics for something. ‘So why did Hebe go into the hospital in the first place?’‘Hysterectomy,’ Mr. Holmes said. ‘Something in her uteral tract was infected…’ He shook his head. ‘I don’t know. I was very uncomfortable listening to it. But I’m a man, you know. We can handle any level of gore, but the minute you mention anything to do with the female reproductive system we’re diving for cover.’Mr. Stark chuckled.The conversation continued on, and Jarvis tried to put together what he’d heard. This trip had just seemed to come out of nowhere. Mr. Stark had turned Miss Carter down cold and then come out here. He’d ignored her and come to England to meet relatives he barely knew. Now it seemed he’d done so because there was murder going on around here. Wouldn’t it have been better to tell Miss Carter that rather than acting insensitive and abrasive?Well, it would be quite upsetting…having your family to be picked off in such a way.Perhaps he simply hadn’t thought of telling Miss Carter.Hours later, the train pulled into Stafford Station and they carried their bags onto the platform. Mr. Holmes led them out to where a man and woman were waiting with two cars. Both of them were greying and must have surely been in Mr. Holmes’s service for quite a while. The man, who must’ve been Jim, tossed Mr. Holmes one set of keys and then gestured for Jarvis and Ana to follow him. The woman, most likely Pam, handed Jim the keys to the other car.It looked like they were going to be in a separate car from Mr. Holmes and Mr. Stark.The drive was only twenty minutes. Through the whole trip, Ana and Pam were talking animatedly. They soon came to a large estate in the country. The grounds seemed to stretch for miles, and the gate was intricate. The manorhouse itself was huge and imposing, reminding Jarvis of the splendour of the Georgian era. The red brick manor house stood at four to five stories high and extended out three picture windows on either side. From this angle, it was impossible to see how long back it extended.The gardens were beautifully kept. The Holmes’s must have owned dogs because Jarvis could hear them barking. There were men out, shovelling the snow out of the drive. They stepped aside as the cars passed and Mr. Holmes and Jim pulled up in front of the front doors.‘What a beautiful place!’ Ana remarked.‘Yes,’ Pam said. ‘The Holmeses were gifted with the land and their very first manor house in the early Tudor dynasty. It seems one of them stopped an assassin that had slipped past Henry VII’s guards.’‘That must be an interesting story to tell the children,’ Ana remarked.‘Well, they like it.’ Pam got out with a smile.Jarvis stepped out of the car and helped Ana out too.Mr. Holmes turned from the front steps where he was waiting with Mr. Stark. ‘Jim?’‘Yes, sir?’‘Have their bags taken to their respective rooms,’ Mr. Holmes said. ‘Pam, you come along.’‘Yes, sir.’Mr. Holmes led them up into the house. The place was beautiful, and not all that dissimilar to how Mr. Stark liked to keep his mansion. Absolutely spotless, with the odd expensive vase or ornament scattered here and there, and paintings in every room. However, these paintings seemed to be of family members rather than a single man.Mr. Stark stopped at the landing of the second floor. There was a large painting that depicted three men. The first to catch Jarvis’s eye was the obese man 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark & Original Character(s)
Peggy Carter & Edwin Jarvis & Howard Stark
Ana Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis

freeform: 
Lots of OCs - Freeform
Howard's entire British family are the OCs
I use pen and paper to keep them straight
Not Steve Friendly
Captain America Critical
Steve doesn't actually show up in this
he's just mentioned a few times
Also there are servants
those are OCs too
Howard Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark gets a Hug

fandom: 
Howard Stark & Original Character(s)
Peggy Carter & Edwin Jarvis & Howard Stark
Ana Jarvis/Edwin Jarvis

