Work Text:
The day King Lehnsherr was born would be known to the people of Westchester as the Cursed day. They hated Lehnsherr. Charles’ parents often told him of the cruel deeds the Genoshian King did, what future plans he had, how he wanted the best for his people yet yearned for the rest of humankind to lay at his feet.The King of Genosha wanted many things and would do everything to achieve them.Charles was seven when the war ended. He couldn’t remember much of what happened in his childhood except that the King had visited. There’d been a celebration that day, a feast spreading from one end of the table to the other. There was dance and laughter and smiles; although those smiles were strained.Standing beside his mother, Lady of Westchester, Charles watched while she and the King conversed. The words they used were beyond his vocabulary range but he filed them away in the library of his mind; he’d review them later when he managed his hands on a dictionary.His mother’s face was grim, and the King’s mouth tightened while she spoke. King Lehnsherr was young. Incredibly so. He didn’t look like a King more so an older brother.Finally, both nodded and parted ways. At night during bed time while his mother tucked him into bed, she’d explained that years down the road, Charles would depart as a gift to King Lehnsherr. It was a decision his step father had made to gain favour with the new ruler and one that Charles would have to uphold.Charles did not understand the implications of things then. But as the years went by and the approaching day for him to leave home for Genoshian shores neared, fear engulfed him in absolution.It terrified him. As his reckoning drew closer, Charles found himself hiding away from the world. He locked himself in his room and refused to eat, and then cried at night until he fell asleep only to repeat the routine again when morning came. Truly, King Lehnsherr was a curse and Charles was chained to him with no escape in sight.Alas, despite his fervent praying for a miracle, the day of departure arrived. Bidding his parents goodbye, Charles headed for the pier.Boarding the royal ship, he found himself stared at by the crew members. They were murmuring. Charles couldn’t decipher what they were saying. Genoshians spoke the same language the people of his country did. And yet, all he heard were soft whispers and all he saw were sympathetic faces. Dimly, he caught the words, “so young,” spoken in a hushed, pitied manner.Young? Was sixteen young? Charles wasn’t sure. Perhaps it was. But he felt he had no right being ‘young’; he carried the weight of an entire country upon his shoulders. Westchester had sent him to Genosha as a gift to appease the King and Charles would to see to it that King Lehnsherr was pleased with him.Even with this knowledge in mind, it didn’t stop the backs of his eyes from stinging hot, didn’t soothe the uncertainty that wallowed in his gut. In his room aboard the ship, Charles shivered in the darkness as the ship sailed further and further away from home. Someone was sniffling and Charles could sympathize. Only, he realized the source of the sound was coming from himself. He was sobbing. Homesick already. He was leaving home to start life anew as a bed boy for King Lehnsherr. A personal bed warmer amongst the many other bed boys the King probably kept. It was upsetting and terrifying, but Charles hadn’t much of a choice. He brought his legs up to his chest, curled up under the covers and waited for daylight to come.Arriving in Genosha was a small affair. No one came to greet him. He’d only been collected by one of the servants after she realized that Charles had been aimlessly walking around the halls for a good half hour. A bed boy, he thought again. Nothing but a bed boy.While being guided to the bathing rooms, she mentioned that he needed a little more weight if he were to be the King’s personal heater and pillow. Charles flustered, nodding and promising to eat more during meal times.The cleaning process entailed Charles being stripped of his civilian clothing, brought into a large bathroom and put into a round tub where he was thoroughly scrubbed until his skin was red and raw. The servants weren’t at all shy with washing him. They touched him everywhere and tugged him around while Charles made flustered sounds, deigning to let them primp him. His body heated with embarrassment and he ran his hand through his damp hair, pushing back his fringe from his eyes. After several minutes, Charles managed to school some semblance of control and stopped wriggling about. He settled in the water and let them wash his hair as they saw fit. For a while, it was even pleasant, and Charles kept silent in the vicinity of his own thoughts, seeking comfort there where no one could harm him, sighing softly when they ran the cloth over his skin.It was when they needed to clean him there, inside, that Charles became puzzled. Why on earth would they need to clean him inside? Doing as he’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Powered AU
King Erik
Human Charles
Age Difference
Bed boys
First Time
Erik is secretly in love with Charles
Butt Plugs
Plugs
Vibrators
Charles Is A Virgin
Blow Jobs
Virgin!Charles
King!Erik
hand wavy customs
pointless smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

