Work Text:
Steve woke up at 2:37 am to his cell phone ringing. Beside him, Bucky didn’t even stir.“Hello?” mumbled Steve, blinking tiredly, trying to pretend that he was actually awake and hoping the call wasn’t a butt dial.It wasn’t and a half hour later, Steve was downing his second cup of coffee and waiting for the doorbell to sound. When it did, he answered right away, talking briefly with Pepper Potts, the social worker who looked incredible despite the early hour, before taking in the young boy with her. Pepper explained that Tony had wandered into a fire station, dirty and barefoot, seemingly abandoned. She was working with the police to locate his parents but until then placed him with Steve and Bucky. The pair had proven themselves good with difficult cases and since there was next to no information on little Tony, Pepper thought they were the best home for him.“This is the kitchen,” said Steve when Pepper left. “We keep lots of snacks in the fridge and pantry. Would you like a snack?”Tony shook his head, twisting the hem of his shirt in his hands nervously. Steve tried not to yawn. “Okay,” said Steve easily. He held out his hand and Tony eyed it distrustfully before tentatively taking it with his own, tiny one. Steve grinned and walked slowly into the living room.“This is the living room,” explained Steve. “There are some toys in that box over there that you can play with in the morning but it’s pretty late now. So how about I show you your bedroom and we get you to sleep?”Tony shrugged and followed Steve up the stairs. Steve and Bucky had the master bedroom with a bathroom at the end of the hall next to the stairs. There were three other bedrooms upstairs and an office downstairs that they could use as a guest room if needed. The house had truly been too large for them when they bought it but the price had been low, the area on the rise, and Bucky and Steve enjoyed a challenge. Together they had restored the old house, transforming it into a home.“This one will be your room,” said Steve, opening the door to the room at the end of the hall.The room had a twin bed with bumper rails to prevent anyone from falling off in the night. The blankets were a light blue and the walls mostly blank, save for a single framed movie poster from an old science fiction movie that Bucky loved. They hadn’t used the room in almost a year. When Clint had come to stay with them, they had put him in this room originally but the kid snuck into Phil’s room every night until finally they gave up and let them share a room.“The bathroom is right down the hall,” explained Steve. “See, it’s through this door.”Tony nodded and shifted again in his dirty clothes.“Why don’t we get you all changed into something a little more comfy?” suggested Steve softly.The blonde understood that it was really late and Tony was probably overwhelmed with everything, which would explain the lack of verbal response. Steve took a pair of sweat pants and long sleeve shirt and helped Tony change into them, biting back a grimace at the scattered bruises on the kid. Steve helped Tony settle into bed and turned on a night light. “Sleep well, Tony,” said Steve with a smile. “I’ll be in my room down the hall if you need me during the night. If you need to use the bathroom remember it’s the door with the yellow sign on it.”Tony turned toward the wall, ignoring Steve entirely and Steve left the room, keeping the door open a bit so Tony could see the hall if he woke up confused. With another yawn, Steve went back to his room, keeping his own door open in case Tony or one of the other kids woke up and called for him. Bucky was still asleep and didn’t stir when Steve slid back into bed.The next morning found Steve yawning into his coffee while he made scrambled eggs. Clint and Phil were playing cars in the living room, waiting for breakfast to be ready, while Wade sat on the table, watching. Bucky stumbled down the stairs, freshly showered but clearly not quite awake.“Morning handsome,” greeted Steve, passing Bucky a full mug of coffee and kissing his cheek. “Breakfast is almost ready.”“Want me to get the hooligans?” asked Bucky.“That would be wonderful,” said Steve. “Also, there is a new hooligan still asleep upstairs. I want to let him sleep for a little longer, though. He arrived late last night.”“A new one?”“Yup. His name is Tony. His case worker is Pepper Potts. There’s not much information on him yet, they think he was abandoned but nothing is positive.”“How old is he?”“I think he’s five but again, there’s not a lot on him yet.”Bucky took another deep sip of coffee. Four kids. That was a lot of children. They had had more – six was their limit – but not since Clint had come to live with them. In fact, after officially adopting Phil and Wade and starting the process to adopt Clint, Steve and Bucky had been considering not taking on any more children. They were happy with how their family had settled in together and another child would disrupt that. But now t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Foster Care
Alternate Universe - Foster Family
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Epilepsy
Asthma
Cuddling & Snuggling
Sleepy Cuddles
Protective Wade
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Bruce is a doctor
Protective Bruce Banner
Insecure Tony
Family Feels
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

