Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
She blinked once, twice, three times, and then promptly flushed the approximate colour of a goddamntomato as she came face to face with one Steven Grant Rogers; otherwise known as Captain fucking America. And yes, she thought the curse was well deserved. She reached up to knock her headphones from her ears and let them fall around her neck, still rather stunned and definitely feeling all kinds of awkward as she shifted to give him more space to join her inside the elevator. He really was bigger than she pictured and she wasn’t positive she hadn’t started drooling with the sheer amount of muscles the guy had underneath that obscenely tight t-shirt.He ducked his head almost shyly in greeting as he stepped inside and stood pretty well towering over-well, next to her-and she couldn’t help the word vomit from escaping her any longer. “Doughnut?” She blurted, her eyes still wider than she thought was probably endearing and thrust the small box of baked goods settled atop of the two cups of coffee towards him in offering.Captain fucking America smiled sheepishly at her, giving the box an admiring glance and noting that it was from one of the Team’s favourite bakeries a couple blocks away and met her wide-eyed stare once again. “Uh, thank you. But I’m pretty sure those aren’t meant for me and I’d hate to steal your breakfast,” He admitted, a soft chuckle escaping him.“Oh, these aren’t for me,” She rushed to assure him. “Well, one of the coffees is, but the doughnuts aren’t. I love sweets, but you know how it is, ‘a minute on the lips, forever on the hips’,” She laughed and inwardly grimaced when it came out sounding a tad more manic than she would have liked and then cut her laughter short when Captain fucking America gave her a quick once-over.And now she was pretty sure her face was positively on fire and she forced another laugh-hoping it was slightly less manic sounding this time-to clear the air, maybe try and make the situation somehow less awkward…for her. But he was still smiling at her, albeit looking at her like she maybe had two heads, but now his head was tipped to the right and he really did look like the golden retriever puppy all the girls in her classes claimed he resembled. She blinked again and realized that she was still in fact staring and her embarrassment only intensified as he let out a chuckle and murmured, “I really don’t think you need to worry about that, Miss.”She was going to die of embarrassment, she was sure of it, because she was pretty sure that had been a compliment. That Captain fucking America had just complimented her and was he flirting? No, that can’t be right.Right? Her brain laughed hysterically. But what did she do? She could only continue to stare at him in open-mouthed shock and she knew her entire body was flushed, right down to her toes that were curled in her ratty black converse and she oh so desperately wished she had actually put some effort into her appearance today. Maybe if she had known that she was going to meet the epitome of human perfection first thing on a Monday morning, she’d have put some makeup on or maybe actually brushed her hair and not worn her grubbies. Oh well, hindsight would have been a wonderful thing.She swallowed past the lump that had lodged itself in her throat and he seemed to realize that her brain had most likely short-circuited somewhere in the interim and spared her any more embarrassment as he turned to glance towards the floor numbers on the wall-panel. His eyebrows furrowed, however, when he saw which floor she was destined for and before he could open his mouth to ask her about it, the elevator came to a stop and the doors slid smoothly open in front of them.And there stood Tony Stark with a tired smile on his face that was quickly morphing into one of surprise as he got a proper look at the pair. “Uh, good morning,” He greeted cheerily, his voice a tad rough first thing as he took quick note of the young woman’s rather flustered appearance, absolutely glorious blush and all.“Morning, Mr. Stark,” The young woman practically heaved, obviously feeling a touch panicked as she thrust the tray of coffee and box of doughnuts into his personal space.Tony glanced down at the outstretched offering and grimaced only a little bit…and then verytentatively took them from her outstretched-patiently waiting-hands. Steve’s eyebrows shot up so fast, practically disappearing into his hairline at that and Tony tried his damned hardest to ignore the startled look his friend was giving him as the young woman breezed past him and into his workshop and Steve wondered if she did this all the time. Maybe she did? He really had no idea who she was at this point, but he sure as hell wanted to find out more about her.The genius motioned as best he could with his hands full of coffee and treats for Steve to come on in as well and the blonde had to do his absolute best to pick his jaw up off the floor as he followed the pair 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Pepper Potts/James Rhodes

freeform: 
Mutual Pining
meddling avengers
Fluff
Workshop/Lab Setting
Movie Nights
Stark Intern
Prosthetics Development Mentioned/Centered
we love Tony Stark
We Also Love Steve and Bucky
Dancing/Ballet
Ballerina
Music/Not Quite A Song Fic?
Swearing/Potty Mouths
My Love for Panic! At The Disco
Sass
All of the Sass
Team is a Family
Yoga
Tremors Movies
Slightly Older Tony...he's nearing forty
younger woman
Foot rubs
Leg massages
head scritches
Injury
Blood/Violence Mentioned
Iron Man Armour - Freeform
METAL ARM
Drinking Games
Dancing
Birthday Party
Masturbation
Poor Tony
Birthday Presents
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Jealous Tony
Concert
After Party
Angst
beach
Pool
Sunshine and Sunscreen
Comic Book Science
Needles
Mild Medical Procedure
Hurt
Hurt/Comfort
it will get better
I promise
slightly graphic depictions of injury
Press Conference
medical description
There will be angst with a happy ending eventually
Angst and Fluff
Sad Tony
Sad Julie
sad team
Christmas
uggs
because i love them
even though they're useless and don't keep my feet dry
Minor Hurt
Comfort
Blood
Wound Cleaning
Hurt Peter
Peter is adorable and a good friend
mentions of depression
Recovery
Asgardian Magic Stuff
For the record I love Loki xD
And he is not an actual greaser
I promise I do love him
huge love confessions
Crying
so much love
use condoms kids
practice safe sex and all that jazz
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Possessive Tony Stark
sort of size kink?
Christmas Eve
Date Night
Sex
all of the sex

fandom: 
Tony Stark/OFC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
Pepper Potts/James Rhodes

