Work Text:
Tony stared at the image looking back at him in the ornate mirror. The first thing that came to mind was Star Wars because someone had clearly developed some kind of kink if this is what they expected him to wear or maybe George Lucas had some explaining to do about where he’d gotten his ideas from.There were gold bands in intricate designs running the length of his upper arms and an equally intricate gold collar around his neck that he couldn’t get off no matter what he tried.His eyes were lined with kohl and something like gold dusting had been used to give his skin a shine. Gold lined the shell of his right ear and winked at him from the left. Behind his right ear they had installed something, a translator he’d been told, and after a brief terror fueled freak out he’d at least realized its usefulness in the long run.Tony hated waking up to find out something new had been installed in his body without his consent. At least this time it was useful and wouldn’t result in his slow, agonizing death. Part of him would have rather been unconscious for everything else done but the other part preferred at least knowing it was happening instead of waking up to it.His nipples had been pierced and gold hoops now decorated them. Tony dragged his eyes down to his belly button and the diamond that rested there by virtue of yet another piercing. It didn’t distract from the gold around his hips that held two strips of navy blue material that brushed the tops of his bare feet. Gold bands were sealed around his wrists and Tony couldn’t find a latch to remove them.The Princess Leia outfit.That’s what he’d mentally taken to calling it and he wanted to murder whoever had chosen this design. This was ridiculous. They should have learned that sending in the breakable human without anything was a horrible fucking idea but the lure of new technology and the promise of a peaceful race had him agreeing.
You’re going to be fine, Tony.

It’s completely safe.

They’re a peaceful race.

And a technological race.

A few months undercover and you’ll be done.

We just need you to find out everything you can about the location of an Infinity Stone.
Tony didn’t look at the tattoo he’d been branded with when he’d been unconscious. The tattoo he’d been told marked him as a pleasure slave. It went with the other markings across his body that he’d discovered when he’d woken and been told that he’d been purchased as a pleasure slave.He didn’t think about the thick, round plug the size of a fist resting in his aching ass or the gold cock cage with its equally gold sound hiding behind the only scrap of material concealing him from prying eyes.There were piercings down there he also wasn’t going to think about. Along his cock and at the head that complimented the cage that had been locked in place early on. Each piercing had received some kind of ointment, effortlessly stealing the pain from the piercing and healing the skin in a way Tony knew should have taken far longer. They wanted him ready sooner rather than later.His owner, Master he’d been told, apparently had servants and had sent them to prepare Tony for his new life. The guards, clearly armed, reiterated by their mere presence that he would be letting them prepare him for his Master.At least this was different from his usual captivity. No one had ever taken Tony Stark to be a sex slave of all things. They always wanted money, his genius or weapons. No one had thought to take him for sex.Guess I can cross that off the list he thought sardonically. I’m going to kill Fury and what’s left of Shield. These were supposed to be reasonable people. It would have been nice to know they were prone to sexual slavery.He wished Thor could have come along but Thor was far too well known and it would have defeated the purpose of Tony accessing alien technology to gain the knowledge they needed.A servant curled a hand around his upper arm and started guiding him from the mirror. He followed along on unsteady feet and wished for Thor.He considered the gold draped over pretty much every inch of his body and the care that had been shown during his preparation. Tony assumed his Master treated his property with care and hoped he was right.Though that probably only lasted as long as his obedience lasted and if he wanted to get back where he belonged he would have to find a way to survive. People did all kinds of things to survive and Tony would get through this. He'd promised Thor he would take care of himself and that he'd make it back.I’m going to be black and blue when they find me. Thor is going to cause an intergalactic incident. Fuck.He was taken to the only door in the small room and led into a large, opulent bedroom. It looked fit for royalty and Tony swallowed. He’d realized he’d been purchased by someone with money but this also spoke of the kind of money that came with power. Power associated with royalty.
Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck.
That crest was not the crest of the ruling family in the Realm 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Other(s)

freeform: 
Sex Slave Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Captivity
Piercings
Magical Tattoos
Dubious Consent
Body Modification
Gags
Butt Plugs
Collared Tony
Objectification
Rough Sex
Restraints
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Top OMC
Chains
Barebacking
Size Kink
Size Difference
Established Tony Stark/Thor
Public Sex
Tony Stark Feels
Aphrodisiacs
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Angst with a Happy Ending
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Cock Cages
Infinity Stone Reference
Top Thor (Marvel)
Extremely Dubious Consent
Orgasm Denial
Sounding
Sexual Slavery
Master/Slave
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Porn
Branding
Realm Hopping
Undercover Missions
Missions Gone Wrong
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Dubcon is not between Tony/Thor
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Smut
a lot of smut
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Tony Stark/Other(s)

