Work Text:
Tony Stark was a genius and a billionaire and while he had been an asshole most of his life, he’d grown and changed. Somehow that change didn’t really register as a good thing with Shield who had one of their agents make a less than appealing report about him. Tony tried to shrug it off as them just being their usual manipulating asshole selves but somedays Tony actually believed himself unworthy and as terrible as they made him out to be.
 
1 Loki
 
The god of mischief cursed as he picked himself up from the filthy ground. He was a god and stronger than mortals. He was one of the most talented mages in all the nine realms yet he could not summon his magic to strike down the foolish mortals that had dared attack him and steal from him the small amount of money he had on his person. He cursed Odin for banishing him to this realm as punishment for crimes not fully his own. He tried to brush off the dirt from his clothing but he knew without a proper washing they would not be clean and sadly it was the only change of Midgardian clothing he had.
His strength and magic were partly sealed with restrictions that prevented him from harming or manipulating the mortals of this realm. He had nothing to get by in this realm and what money he’d managed to earn had been stolen. Finding work with no home address or identification was nearly impossible. What work he had found so far was through word of mouth as his godly strength had proven useful enough for a few to employ him. With his appearance as it was now he doubted he’d find work again. He was filthy. His back hit the nearby wall as he felt everything begin to overwhelm him. He was raised a prince and showing weakness wasn’t an option. Yet far from home with little to no options available to him he found himself hiding his face in his hands to shed his tears.
He didn’t know how long he was there crying like a weakling but when he felt something cold pressed against his side his head snapped up painfully. The familiar gaze of Anthony Stark was locked onto his not with pity but a slight kindness that Loki hadn’t expected from his former enemy. He looked at the cold item pressed against his side and saw it was some strange food product he had seen but never tried due to lack of funds.
“Ice cream fixes everything. It’s for you.”
Loki was confused by it but he accepted the item. When Tony handed him a spoon he stared at the mortal again before he tore the lid off feeling his hunger once again letting itself be known with ruthless force. He was a god and required more food than mortals. He had barely earned enough to feed a single mortal and so had been near starving the past week.
He devoured the frozen treat that was delicious and wished there had been more. His hunger wasn’t stated but for now it would be enough to help him get by the next day or so.
“Damn, must be hungry. Come on, there’s a diner nearby. I’ll get you food.”
Loki stared at him with suspicion.
“Why would you help me? Do you think to stall until your comrades can come to imprison me?”
“Nope, I saw those assholes kick your ass. If I had to guess the big golden king in the sky banished you either with no powers or restrictions. In my opinion that’s just cruel, even an asshole should have the ability to defend himself. So do you want food? I’m kind of hungry to.”
Loki followed him but kept an eye out for any danger. While he could not harm mortals, if he had a bit more food in his stomach he could possibly draw enough strength to teleport away. Inside the diner the smell of food hit him and his stomach growled loudly.
The waitress that took their orders was friendly and didn’t question why Loki ordered enough food for several people. The god expected any moment for the avengers to show up but they didn’t. Food arrived and Tony thanked the waitress.
“Is it customary for heroes to treat their enemies to a feast after defeating them in battle?”
“Nope, just like it’s not customary to offer them a home and the necessary supplies for them to survive but I’m doing it anyways.”
Loki paused half way into eating his cheeseburger.
“Pardon?”
Tony held up his phone showing a home Loki felt looked like one in the area but there was nothing about it that made it stand out. The area they were in wasn’t what one would call a good area. Loki kept an eye out while he was out but even with how carefully he watched his surroundings even he would not have taken a second look at the house.
“This is one of my safe houses. Not the usual type of place I live while being an awesome genius billionaire but it’s home when I like to pretend I’m just your average joe.”
Loki raised a brow.
“And why would you as you say wish to be your average joe?”
“Because I hate having everyone watch me constantly waiting for me to fuck up again and judging my every move? Believe it or not but being famous isn’t all its cracked up to be. So sometimes I just like to escape and pretend I’m someone else. Seeing as I’m not using the house at the m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Pietro Maximoff & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Victor Von Doom

freeform: 
Brotherhood of Mutants
5+1 Things
Awesome Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Pietro Maximoff
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Not Wanda Friendly
Auther will forever be salty towards Wanda

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Pietro Maximoff & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Victor Von Doom

