Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Harry opened his eyes blearily and took in his surroundings. He was on the ground in an alley, the air was cool and biting, and the rancid stench from the dumpster next to him made him scrunch his nose in disgust.

He propped himself onto his elbows and automatically checked for his wand—and there it was, secure in its holster on his right forearm. He found his mokeskin pouch a few inches away from him and quickly peered inside, taking a brief inventory of his possessions. Harry pressed his lips together, closed his bag, and struggled to his feet. Glancing down at himself, he wordlessly transfigured his simple black robes into black trousers and a mid-length black coat.
Stepping out of the alley, Harry was thankful he changed his attire. A quick glance at the crowds of people barreling down the sidewalks in waves told him that his robes would have only brought unwanted attention to himself.
Okay, he was somehow in muggle London. Harry shook himself slightly, exiting the alley when an opening in the wave of pedestrians presented itself. Maybe the Veil wasn’t some pathway into purgatory, maybe it just...teleported whoever entered it? Harry didn’t know what he expected when he walked through it, but he thought it would take him further than simply outside of the Ministry.
Observing his surroundings as he walked, Harry felt his chest become hollow. He schooled his features into a blank, bored expression and was careful not to quicken his pace. Harry was on high alert. Something was wrong.
There were no telephone booths, which was odd. Instead, the muggles were dressed strangely and seemed to be focused on tiny glowing devices that fit in the palm of their hands. Harry turned on to a less crowded road and ducked inside of a small, nearly empty coffee shop.
Harry walked up to the barista at the counter and smiled apologetically. “Confundo,” Harry muttered.
Harry wasn’t sure how he was able to perform wandless magic, but then, he really hadn’t had much time to think about it. He had more pressing concerns at the time: Voldemort and the complete collapse of Wizarding society following Voldemort’s death. Harry noticed his magical core had expanded after becoming the Master of Death, but he hadn’t been particularly keen on discovering exactly how much the war had changed him, mentally, physically. Magically. So he still carried around his holly wand, perhaps more for its nostalgia than actual usefulness, if Harry was being completely honest with himself, and he didn’t investigate his full capabilities as the Master of Death. Harry had no desire to entertain yet another stupid title for himself, and was perfectly content to ignore it, thank you very much.
The barista visibly shuddered as the Confundus Charm washed over her. Disoriented, the barista blinked a few times before acknowledging Harry.  
“Wow, er, I’m sorry, I must have completely zoned out. What can I get for you today?”
Harry’s apologetic smile returned. “Er, I just placed an order for a black coffee. You were just about to pour it, actually.”
The barista flushed. “I must be really out of it today. Just a moment, sir.” She hastily poured him a large coffee and handed it to him. Harry smiled and thanked her, silently vowing to himself that he would find a way to pay her back for the free coffee he had just swindled out of her.
He paused to pick up a newspaper by the register and made his way to a small table in the corner of the café. Staring at nothing, Harry began to gather his thoughts.
Okay, Harry thought to himself snidely, so you risked everything to sneak into the Department of Mysteries and walked through the Veil because you wanted to get away from your problems. 
At this, Harry paused. “What did I do?” he whispered. What was I hoping to accomplish? Harry closed his eyes. Sirius had died falling through that Veil. He knew this in the back of his mind, he knew this when he had walked through the Veil, that he wouldn’t be able to come back. Panic bubbled at the back of Harry’s throat and his eyes flew open. What have I done? Did I seriously try to— 
Harry looked down at his hands. No. I’m still here. Clearly I wasn’t trying to...do that. Harry reached for his coffee and focused on the sensation of warmth radiating from the outside of the thin paper cup to his palms instead of his feeble attempts at reasoning with himself. No, Harry thought, more confident now, I’m still alive. I’m fine. I must have known that the Veil wouldn’t affect me. I'm fine. He stared into his coffee. Golden bubbles stood uncompromisingly near the perimeter of the cup. Harry brought the cup to his lips and took a tiny sip.

You went through the Veil to escape what was going on at home. You woke up in an alley in muggle London. London seems different than how you remember it, the muggles are all dressed strangely, and the usual entrances to the Ministry of Magic are nowhere to be f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Harry Potter Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Suicidal Thoughts
Hurt/Comfort
BAMF Harry Potter
BAMF Peter Parker
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Master of Death Harry Potter
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Harry Potter

