Chapter 1: The Challenge / Thor
    




Chapter Text
“Oh, fuck!” Tony buried himself inside Steve as ribbons of piping hot cum filled the super soldier. “I can’t believe you’re still so tight!”Steve reached down to his stretched rectum, traced his finger along the drops of cum that dripped out and stuck them in his mouth.“Such a good whore.” Tony ran his hand through Steve’s hair before he pulled out. There was a rush of cold air in Steve’s insides, followed by the clenching of his hole which emitted Tony’s deposited cum. “But get your suit on and meet in the situation room in 10. Official Avengers business.” He slapped Steve on the ass and crossed to the bedroom door, totally nude, before he turned back to the Captain. “And wear the new suit.” He winked and disappeared into the hall.Steve couldn’t hold back the moan. The idea of Tony in the halls of the Avengers HQ, totally naked, his half hard cock still covered in leftover sperm made him squirm. And everyone who saw Tony would know he had just finished with Steve, that was the best part. He hoped they all imagined him as he looked now, sweaty and disheveled but still desperate for more.Steve got to his feet and crouched as Tony’s cum dripped from between his legs . He collected it into the palm of his hand and licked it off as he pulled his new costume from the closet.The idea had come from a variation of a ploy Tony had used on the Parker kid when he’d first made the Spider-Man suit. Too manipulative to not have his fun, Tony had ordered the teenager a suit a few sizes too small that rubbed Peter in all the right ways.So, Steve hadn’t been totally surprised when he’d come to his room one afternoon to find a neatly wrapped package on his bed, with a note from Tony to his favorite whore. But the billionaire seemed to of been brainstorming since the construction of the Spider-Man suit and Steve couldn’t help but note each one of the perverted upgrades when he pulled the costume on.The first thing he noticed was how tight it was. His other costumes had been made from canvas, or a light microfiber blend. The one Tony had made him seemed to be more akin to latex, though incredibly durable. It also fitted itself to each of Steve’s muscles, so he felt like he wasn’t wearing anything at all. His face flushed red when he looked to his groin and saw that his whole cock, from the slit on the head, to the vein that ran beneath the shaft, could be seen in fine detail.  Things weren’t better when he checked the back. Tony and Bucky had always fawned over Steve’s ass, oftentimes calling it his best feature. But now it seemed Tony had taken it to the next level, as the costumes seams were fitted to his buttocks with almost surgical precision that lifted and separated the cheeks, making it look even more bulbous than usual.He tried to fit a pair of briefs beneath his suit, then his jockstrap, and then a thong but nothing could be hidden under the skin tight uniform. With a defeated sigh, he grabbed his helmet and pack and left the room, his butt cheeks bounced with each step.--When Steve entered the conference room, ready for a mission brief, he was surprised to find his teammates,  still in uniform, talking on the couch. There was a notable silence from his comrades at the sight of him in his new suit, and he felt all their eyes on him as he took a seat next to Tony.“Seems like it’s going to be a casual mission.” Steve joked as he accepted the beer Tony offered him. He looked to his teammates curiously but none of them addressed his observation.Unbeknownst to Steve, Tony had taken the liberty of adding a few sexual stimulants to his drink. Well, more than a few. Steve’s inhibition wasn’t the problem, but the blonde was more fun when he acted purely on instinct.Not even an hour later, as the energy calmed, the booze flowed, and the conversation deepened, Tony caught Steve out of the corner of his eye, absentmindedly rubbing his body, or grating his hips. Tony didn’t even know if Steve was aware of his own erection that was lewdly cupped by his tight uniform.Tony knew their leader couldn’t last long. He looked to his teammates quickly and it was obvious they had noticed Steve’s arousal as well, and it had sparked their own.“Hey, Cap.” Tony put his arm around the blonde. “How’re you feeling?”A layer of sweat developed on Steve’s forehead. “Fine… Why?”“Because the boys were hoping you’d show off your new suit.”“Whatever you want.” Steve felt light headed but his hand immediately went to Tony’s leg. “I’ll do whatever you want.”--“Whatever?” Tony sat forward, thrilled with himself. “How about we play a game?”“What do you have in mind?” Clint asked, already intrigued.Tony looked to Steve, who fished Tony’s cock out of his pants. He didn’t seem to be listening. “A contest. Who can get the best picture of the Captain in his new suit. Whoever gets the most depraved shot, gets to use him for a week.”There was a moment of apprehension as the team silently confirmed with one another
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers & Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Large Cock
Cock Worship
Cock Slut
Mildly Dubious Consent
Exhibitionism
Public Sex
Group Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Bottom Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve
Top Tony Stark
Slut Shaming
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Double Anal Penetration
Anal Play
Sex Toys
Robot Sex
Double Penetration
Slut Steve
Drugs
Stimulants
Dildos
Anal Beads
Facials
Gangbang
Team Sex
Team Bonding
Fivesome - M/M/M/M/M
Threesome - M/M/M
Orgy
Gay Sex
Everyone Is Gay
Light Bondage
Gags
Orgasm Control
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Partners
Multiple Sex Positions

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Thor
Steve Rogers & Thor
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Bruce Banner/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Steve Rogers

