Work Text:
The Soldier sat rigid and alert on the couch, wings arched in threat with a worryingly large knife resting in his hand, as Tony watched the video Jarvis had brought up. He could see Natasha lingering nearby, tense and alert, along with Clint and Steve.Tony sighed.“That is not going to help anyone.” He muttered and shoved back from the desk. “Save my work, J. I’m about to do something that might, potentially, be considered a stupid idea.” The Soldier never harmed him but Tony hadn’t seen him this agitated in a long time. He was getting better, much better after Bucky had made peace with his continued existence, but there were slip-ups.“They do say the first step is admitting you have a problem, Sir.”A snicker escaped and Tony winked at the nearest camera before moving out of his workshop. He’d noticed that out of everyone in the Tower the Soldier seemed to prefer his company and Bucky had admitted the Soldier was fascinated by him.More than once he’d gotten a silent alert that the Soldier was quietly watching him while he worked. It had increased shortly after he’d gotten into a relationship with Bucky and more than once he was sure the Soldier had come out during battle when Tony had gotten himself into less-than-favorable situations.Tony stretched, his wings arching and glinting in the lighting, before he slipped onto the elevator and had Jarvis take him up the common floor. It had been a few weeks since the Soldier had surfaced and he was a bit curious what had set him off this time.The door opened and the tension in the room was almost tangible. He rolled his eyes and stepped into the silent chaos without a single care. His posture was loose, his wings relaxed and a teasing smile quirked his lips.Snowflake wouldn’t hurt him.Natasha jerked her head as though to warn him off and Steve’s wings noticeably jerked in reaction to seeing Tony making a beeline towards the Soldier.“Hey Snowflake.” Tony closed the distance between them and looked down into icy grey eyes that regarded him with a slowly increasing interest. The hand on the knife loosened its hold and the threat in his wings slowly disappeared to something more like simple alertness. “My wings have been driving me insane and I’m the worst self-groomer in the city.” He lifted his wings slightly and let them fall open.Tony knocked the discarded footrest over so it was settled in front of where the Soldier was sitting and dropped down onto it offering his wings without hesitation. The room went silent and Tony wondered if any of them were even breathing but he didn’t react.“Would you mind helping me, Snowflake?”He arched his wings and splayed them out for grooming. Out of the corner of his eyes he saw Steve move, alarm clear by the expression on his face and the arch of his wings, before fingers brushed through his crimson and gold feathers.The touch was surprisingly careful for an ex-assassin and the Fist of Hydra as the metal hand moved along the arch of Tony’s wing in an exploratory manner. Tony wondered at the Soldier’s expression as the exploratory touch focused on grooming the second Tony silently handed back the small bottle of wing oil he’d brought along.“Thank you.”Each touch of the Soldier’s fingers was sure, confident and careful. It was soothing, the steady even breathing and the soft touches lulled him into a softly blissful state of relaxation, and reminded him of when Bucky spent time grooming his feathers when Tony had neglected his wings in favor of creating or when he wanted to unwind.His wings relaxed the rest of the way and spread wide when a touch indicated the Soldier needed more exposed. He had watched the Soldier clean his guns, watched him take them apart and reassemble them with unfailing care and knowledge.The touches he felt reminded him of those same moments. Bucky was the same way when he groomed Tony’s wings.To the left he could hear furious whispered conversation and a slight glance revealed three of their fellow Avengers clustered together staring at the two of them with expressions ranging from fascinated horror to mild panic. Natasha was the only one with a near impassive expression on her face but her wings twitching gave her away.Tony rolled his eyes and relished the feeling of a proper grooming. He didn’t understand why they were freaking out. Bucky had been in a relationship with him for months and it should have made sense that the Soldier felt something for him considering he never made a single threatening move towards Tony.Ever.“You never told me you had magic fingers, Snowflake. That’s absolutely selfish of you.” His voice was low and his eyes hooded with soft pleasure. “Shame on you for holding out on me.”There was a low snort and Tony grinned with satisfaction.He had the best ideas.“You guys can go.” He idly waved towards Steve, Natasha and Clint. “It’s kind of creepy having you staring. Very voyeuristic.”The fingers soothing one of his feathers back into place paused. He waited and finally they lef
[starting tags]
relationship: 
The Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Established Bucky Barnes/Tony Stark
Possessive Winter Soldier
Wingfic
Wings
Wing Grooming
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
(though technically it's...)
Top Winter Soldier
Fingering
Marking
Teasing
Barebacking
Extremis Tony Stark
Established Relationship
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Smut
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
The Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

