Work Text:
Steve felt aimless. He wanted to be out there in the world, fighting the good fight, but instead he was stuck within the luxurious Wakandan walls. Clint and Nat reunited a few weeks ago. Steve had tried to get as many details about the world he could get from Natasha but there wasn’t much more that she knew. She said she had seen Tony, that he had seemed to be doing alright. However something in her eyes had unsettled Steve. There was something akin to a simmering rage in her posture and clipped tone. She had greeted them all but it rang false and after that the only person she talked to was Clint. Wanda was a shell of her former self most days and when she wasn’t she was a fiery red ball of anger and hate that Steve had no idea on how to quell. He knew it was due to the fact that they were essentially prisoners in Wakanda, no matter how beautiful and golden their cage was. Wanda didn’t want to be locked up and although she didn’t say it outright, Steve knew that she blamed him for it. He tried not to let it get to him, but Wanda would either flit around like a ghost, only emerging from her room for food, or she would sit so still that any sudden movement around her caused red sparks to emit from her hands. Steve tried talking to her about control and meditation but it didn’t seem to help.Clint alternated between ranting and raving about Tony and the Accords and other times breaking down and crying about missing his family. Steve had to admit that Clint’s passionate emotions were hard to deal with. He knew that Tony had messed up, that Tony should not have tried to tie down the Avengers, but after seeing the utter fear on his face back in Siberia Steve could not stomach Clint’s rants. For Clint, Tony was the reason they were in this mess and the reason they had been in the RAFT. Clint was the only one that was able to reach Wanda and Steve feared it was because of their mutual hate toward Tony. He had seen them sometimes talking by the kitchen island in the dead of the night. Their hushed voices and malicious smiles made Steve shiver with fear. However, Tony was in New York right now. Tony was safe and away from all of this.He had talked to Scott a few times but the other man was sullen and confused and had way too many questions that Steve didn’t have enough answers to. Scott had asked him what they had fought against and Steve answered that it was against government control - that they fought for freedom for the Avengers so they could not be used as a Strike Force, as a Hit Squad. Scott had nodded along and agreed. Except that a few days later he confronted Steve again and said that nowhere in the Accords was any of that written. Steve tried to reason with him, tried to tell him about Ross and the ‘shoot to kill’ orders, about the Winter Soldier Core, about Wanda being locked in the Compound but Scott wasn’t satisfied. After that he usually saw the other man camped out in the library with books strewn all around him. Sometimes a Wakandan citizen was there with him and they poured over books together. Steve never asked what they discussed and Scott never volunteered any information.Bucky was back in cryo. There wasn’t much more for Steve to dwell on except that he failed his best friend.Sam was like a breath of fresh air. He had an aura of calm around him that Steve enjoyed and  he didn’t ask questions of Steve that he wasn’t ready to answer. They would spend most of their time together watching television, hoping to get an idea of what was going on in the world. T’Challa hadn’t provided them with internet access and it was really disconcerting although Steve learned not to ask for things since the king had subtly threatened to kick them out of the country if they ‘were more of a nuisance than they were worth’. With Sam Steve was able to grouse about how unfair T’Challa was being, was able to rant about the Accords, was able say that he hoped ‘Tony was alright’ and not get his head bitten off. Sam usually didn’t say anything, but that was fine with Steve.And so the days went. No news, no team and Steve didn’t know what to do with that.++A few days later brought about a change in their routine. The woman that entered their current living space introduced herself as Princess Shuri. She was flanked by two other women that just screamed dangerous. They called for Scott and the other man rushed over with a backpack strewn over his shoulder and a small suitcase at his side. Steve wondered what he could have in there since they arrived with nothing in Wakanda but their Avengers gear and one pair of clothes. “Are you ready?” asked the Princess. She spoke perfect English with a hint of an accent. Steve knew he shouldn’t even pick up on that but he couldn't help it. They were so far from America that it was still odd to hear people in Wakanda speak English.“Yup,” replied Scott as he made his way to the door.“Scott?” Steve questioned. He wasn’t sure what this was all about or why Scott needed his things.“Wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Not Captain America Friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
delusional
POV Steve Rogers
Bad Team Dynamics

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

