Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Darcy shuffled into the kitchen, blinking blearily at her surroundings. It should be empty, since the Avengers were all out on missions and Tony was with Pepper in Malibu. 


But it wasn’t. No- there, in the corner of her vision, was a darkly brooding spot. She shifted her head slightly to the side and yeah. That was the pouting visage of a man left behind while his friends went on adventures. 


Well. 


‘Pouting’ and ‘Friends’ might not be the right words. There was no definite expression on his face, but she still felt like he was pouting. Maybe she was picking up on some infinitesimal wrinkle or tilt of his mouth. Maybe her lessons with Nat were starting to show some dividends. Or maybe she was just seeing things. 


And she was pretty sure he didn’t like anyone other than Steve. Sometimes she wasn’t even sure of that. 


Their eyes met and they both gave the obligatory short nod of acknowledgement and, social niceties observed, continued on as they were. 


And there it was. The pinnacle of human achievement, the source of that vital, dark, life-giving fluid that she so craved at this time of morning. The coffee maker was magnificent- it was hooked to FRIDAY, since Tony wasn’t allowed to give inanimate objects sentience anymore, and would remember your preferences, having them hot and ready by the time you got to the kitchen. 


She eagerly reached her hands forward to the mug sitting under the drip and -


It was cold. This couldn’t be right. It was supposed to be hot and ready. 


She pulled the mug towards her. This was also wrong. The cup was empty. Why was it empty.



Why is all the rum gone?



No, it’s too early, and she was too much of a functioning adult to start day-drinking. Also, drinking alone was no fun; Jane was off doing research at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Maryland. And there was no way she was asking Tall, Dark, and Deadly to get sloshed with her, they’d barely said a word to each other in the entire time he’d been in the tower. 


Making a disgruntled ‘hn’ to herself, she moved closer to peer at the display. Instead of the regular display, not that she actually knew what it was, since FRIDAY was 

supposed to brew her coffee for her

, the screen flashed with a single exclamation point. 


She repeated her noise of disgruntlement. The coffee beans must be out. Luckily, there would be more in the pantry. Contingency plans agreed upon, she marched her cute little butt over to the room off of the kitchen, intent on getting her caffeine fix, one way or another. 



Peanut butter




Crackers




Six boxes of Lucky Charms

 Really, Clint? You are a child.



Way too many bags of protein powder




Coffee!



As she grabbed the bag and made her way back into the kitchen, she thought she heard a thump. Or maybe she felt it? Through the floor? 


Considerably more wary, she eased her head around the door jam and found that her caution was completely justified. 


There, standing in the middle of the kitchen, stood Bucky Barnes, facing away from her, shoulders heaving, and- yeah. He was standing over a body. 


Bodies. 


Plural. 


There were bodies on the kitchen floor. Multiple bodies. This was not how she anticipated the day going when she got out of bed this morning. Not even a little bit. 


She startled a little as she bumped into the counter, not having realized she’d been moving. When had she started moving? Why? She was an idiot- she would have been better off staying in the pantry. At least there she could have barricaded herself in without the risk of starvation.


Now?


Well, she had missed the boat on proverbially sticking her fingers in her ears and singing to herself. She was out in the open, armed only with a bag of coffee beans, and she was going to have to deal with this situation. She was an adult. She could deal the fuck of this situation. 


Whatever this situation was. 


The bag crunched against the counter as she set it down. It wouldn’t have made a very good weapon anyway. It was better to have her hands free. 


At the sound, Bucky whirled around, a look on his face that was… Well, it was a look, and that alone was out of character. It wasn’t overly threatening, but it also wasn’t friendly, and he was showing entirely too many teeth for a huma- oh. 


Darcy happened to catch his eye. His golden eyes bored into her- what color were they normally?



Gold...



They glinted in the light.



Gold...



There was something niggling in the back of her mind.



Gold...



Something about the color.



Gold...



It meant something.



Gold...



Value?



Gold...



Wealth?



Gold...



Power?



Gold...



Yes, power. Something about power…



Gold...



What was it? 



Gold...



Powerful like…. Like...



Gold...



Like some kind of animal...



Gold…




Shit!


 

Shit. She was so fucked.


Gold eyes meant shifter. They meant instincts and strength and 

what did those trashy romance novels say? Not that she read them.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Feral Behavior
Shifters
Animal Transformation
Magic
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Were-Creatures
Werewolf Mates
Chases
Misunderstandings
Witch Darcy Lewis
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Mates
Shifter Bucky Barnes
Werewolf Bucky Barnes
Magic Darcy Lewis
Shifter Clint Barton
Slow Burn
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
I swear
Seriously guys- the burn is super slow
They don't get together until the second act
Or maybe the third
mild dub-con
Read my trigger warnings
I am a cruel mistress
Sorry Not Sorry
Hydra (Marvel)
Stalking
Poor Courting Etiquette
Poor Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
And a dating guide
Oblivious darcy
Kidnapping
Drugs
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Animal Abuse
almost
Lab Mice

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

