Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Natasha sat on the edge of Harry’s bed, watching him sleep. She remembered when she’d found him, how skinny he’d been, small birdlike bones striking beneath nearly translucent skin. Those bright green eyes that had watched her so carefully, but so full of hope, and then so full of love. It had given her no choice but to love him right back, and she didn’t regret a second of it. He’d been so little back then, so small and afraid, but so willing to trust her. But not just her - her friends, her family. Their family. She reached out carefully, brushing the hair from his face, and showing the lightning bolt scar on his forehead. The scar that seemed to be the cause of all the hurt Harry had gone through. 
“Doesn’t it seem strange to you that there weren’t any schools he could be going to stateside?” Clint asked, wandering through the room to sit on the windowsill, glancing back at her across the room before his gaze was once more drawn to the outside. All of them had found that the rolling hills that surrounded their new house were as calming as they were mystical. There was something about the way the fog rolled across the green hills that made them unable to help but believe in magic even more than they already did. 
“There are.” she admitted with a small frown. “I contacted Steven Strange after we spoke to professor McGonagall. He said there are two schools; one’s in Salem but it focuses on natural magic - potions, shifting. The other one’s in Atlanta.” she shrugged, meeting Clint’s gaze. “He looked into it for me, because he was actually fairly curious about another vein of mystic arts. He said Hogwarts looked like it had a well rounded curriculum, and beyond that, Harry’s parents attended. So did all the Potter’s, apparently.” she looked back at Harry, smiling sadly. “And he wants to go. How can I say no to that?”
“You can say no if you think it won’t be safe. He’d understand that.” 
“We’re already here.” She countered, and offered a smile when Clint’s eyes was drawn longingly to the countryside. “And we can keep him safe.” Clint’s gaze snapped back to her then, watching her carefully, watching how still she’d gone, how violence raged in her eyes. He pushed off the window sill, moving over to sit next to her, wrapping an arm around her. 
“We can and we will. This Hogwarts can’t be all that hard to find. It may be tech adverse but Tony and Harry have been working on ways around that for years. I’ll bet you anything that Jarvis will be able to catch something on his sensors now, even if it’s just a blip.” Natasha didn’t answer but he felt her relax, just a bit. Clint grinned.
“I think we should send that professor another letter. We definitely need some sort of guide on how to navigate this. A whole magical world. Who freakin’ knew?” and now Natasha couldn’t help but smile at her partner’s excitement. 
“We’ll have to buy his school supplies.” and Clint muffled a cackle in her hair. 
“He needs a cauldron. A Cauldron, Nat.” and he cackled again. This time, she rolled her eyes, leaning forward to press a gentle kiss to Harry’s forehead before standing, pulling Clint after her. 
“We’ll tell him first thing tomorrow.” 
“Cool. I call dibs on telling Tony we’re going owl shopping.” 
 
>>>
 
Harry had dreamed about what Hogwarts might be like, dreamed of the magical world, but even his dreams hadn’t prepared him for this. He gaped at the shops around them, at the colourful robes everyone was wearing. 
“Diagon ally. It’s like the whole world has shifted. Diagonally.” His uncle Clint snickered. Harry wondered if he realized he sounded slightly hysterical. When his aunt had sent a letter back to professor McGonagall on how they could retrieve his school supplies, the response had come swiftly. They were given an address where they would be met by a family who could help guide them. They’d found themselves met by a large family of redheads who’d introduced themselves as the Weasleys, one of which was also going into his first year of Hogwarts. Ron seemed as nervous and excited as Harry, though he wasn’t at all phased by the strangeness of Diagon Alley, clearly having been there before. 
“Come on, Harry! Gringotts is this way! Mum said Hagrid was supposed to meet us there.” he darted ahead but Harry paused, looking back at his aunt who was chatting with Mrs. Weasley. She met his gaze and smiled, nodding, and without any further hesitation he tore off after Ron. Natasha watched as Harry ran off, and nearly jumped when Molly Weasley set a hand on her arm. 
“You mustn’t worry, dear. Harry’ll be alright. My twins, Fred and George, they’re just up ahead, looking at one of the newest broomsticks. I swear those boys prefer to be off the ground more often than on it.”
“That’s something I understand.” she admitted, glancing back at Clint who was talking animatedly with Arthur Weasley, Molly’s husband. These people were very kind, Natasha decided, and she was glad the professor had set them up to meet. 

[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hogwarts First Year
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Avengers
raising a wizard
harry is 11
Natasha is Harry's bio aunt
Background Relationships
the Weasley's are great
though I'm not a big fan of Ron
sorrynotsorry
Sequel
time jumps
fairly major ones
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
