Work Text:
With a swift jab, Natasha elbows Clint's arm away when he reaches to steal her popcorn. It's free, but it's hers and she needs it while she watches Steve argue with Sam, flushed and gesturing at the television."It's a travesty, that's what it is!""You're being overdramatic about this, man," Sam says, taking a sip of his beer. His own body language is relaxed, with him sprawled back in his chair. It might seem casual, but playing it cool is plainly a deliberate ploy from Sam to goad Steve a little more. It works, too. Sam winked at Natasha earlier when he first got Steve going, and she hides a smile by putting a couple more kernels in her mouth. "It's just a specialized job, and it moves the game along.""But that's not how baseball should be played!" Steve objects, while also leaning back and crossing his arms over his chest, mulish. "It's just not okay. The whole team is together in defense, but after that every player must contribute at bat, too! One on one against the other team's pitcher, that's it! They all have to do their job!""But pitchers in general just don't do their job at bat!""Maybe they should try! For God's sake, Babe Ruth started as a pitcher! He could hit!""Maybe forever ago. Now pitchers are essentially an automatic out, and where's the fun in that? With a designated hitter-"Steve leans towards Sam. "That's not baseball!" he all but hisses.It's great to see him like this, animated and passionate. The Avengers formed two years ago and for the longest time Steve had gone through the motions of interacting with the team like a robot, polite to a fault but always controlled, constantly observing. Understandable, of course; in fact, for a guy unfrosted seventy years in the future, he was extremely functional. Job wise, the first few months of Avenging had amounted to only a crisis here and there. It was definitely too much free time for Steve to think and brood over his grief and all he'd lost. But then their sponsor, billionaire Tony Stark, had offered cover jobs in his company to all the Avengers so they'd have something to do between missions.Thor had declined, happy to hop between realms and cities, so much so that he was sometimes absent from missions. Thankfully they hadn't suffered from it. Yet, Natasha adds in her head. Bruce works in Stark Industries' labs on his own projects and seems happy as a clam. Natasha chose security with Clint and Iron Man, who was of course already on the payroll, being Stark's bodyguard. But the most surprising choice had been Steve’s: working with Stark Industries' product design creative team. He had taken to it like a fish to water and was coming out of his shell more and more.The other Stark Industries employees have no idea they have Avengers in their ranks save for  Iron Man. They had agreed early on that every member would be masked in the field and that  their identities would be kept secret from the public. This makes for awkward situations when they need to run out for an emergency, but they haven't been caught yet. Natasha is certain that Sam Wilson, who works in security at the Tower too, is one or two botched alibis from figuring them out. That might not be so bad, though, because she has built a file on him and suggested to Fury that he'd be a great addition to the team. Sam is smart, clear headed, and has experience with the 58th Rescue Squadron and also as a test pilot for the EXO-7 Falcon program. He could be a very interesting candidate.For the moment Sam is just a friend from work, one they hang out with quite a bit. Steve and Sam quickly became two peas in a pod, getting along so well that they've been roommates for six months now. Seeing them argue about baseball is amusing, and reassures Nat that Steve is, undoubtedly, adjusting better to the 21st century. Except about rules changing in baseball though. That doesn't fly at all."It improves strategy," Sam argues, warming up to the subject. No wonder those two clicked."I can't believe I'm hearing this argument from you, too," Steve says, shaking his head in dismay.Steve argued about the relevance of a designated hitter with someone else? Nat would bet it was with Iron Man. Stark's bodyguard is Steve's best friend, has been pretty much since he was  defrosted. Lately Iron Man has been away a lot, though, on several jobs following Mr. Stark to California, as Mr. Stark has been cleaning house and strengthening the business since fighting a hostile merger a few months back.While Sam continues arguing the merits of a player he probably doesn't care about at all, Natasha notices Steve twitch, then fish his phone out of his pocket. He rapidly checks it right then and there, under the table but not hiding it, which is not Steve's style. He claims that people are too rude with their phones. That the least they can do is to listen to the people they are actually talking to, and that any message or text would keep. Clearly he had been expecting this one, even though he doesn't reply to it,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Stony Trumps Hate 2017
Identity Porn
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Misunderstandings
Secrets
but not between Steve and Tony
Good Intentions
Bad Matchmaking
Secret Relationship
Established Relationship
Team as Family
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
the Avengers' identities are secret

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

