Work Text:
Tony was sitting on the couch, texting Happy about Peter's last school report, when the kid burst through the door. He was panting, eyes wide, and face pale, as he slammed the door behind him. He looked terrified. “Peter? What’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”The teenager jumped slightly at Tony's voice, looking around the room as if everything in it was out to get him. “I know we were going to have this dinner thing, and I really want to, but I don’t think this is the best time for it.”Tony put down his phone, frowning. “What are you talking about? When I told you about it, you were so excited you almost threw up. What’s made you change your mind?” Peter’s shoulders were hunched up to his ears, and he would occasionally flinch, pulling them up higher, as his head spun to stare at something that caught his attention. Something was definitely wrong. “I haven’t changed my mind! I still want to meet them! Of course I want to meet the Avengers, are you kidding me? I just don’t think I can do it right now.”Tony watched the kid twitch, and crossed his arms, voice low. “Peter, if you’re on some kind of drug, I swear to Thor’s dad I will kick your ass so hard you’ll feel it till you graduate.”Peter scrunched his nose up, disgusted at the imagery, and quickly shook his head. “What? Ew. No, I’m not on drugs.”Tony hid the amount of relief flooding through him. He absolutely did not know what he would do if Spider-Man got into drugs on his watch, or what he would say to May about it. But if Peters weird behaviour wasn’t because of drugs it had to be something else. “Okay, then what's going on? Why are you so jumpy?”Peter frowned again, shoulders coming up to his ears as he shrugged. “Me? Jumpy? No.”Tony wouldn’t have believed him anyway, but he could definitely call bullshit when Peter suddenly let out a startled scream and jumped backwards. “AHHH!”Tony got a fright from the sudden yell, and pressed a hand to his chest. “Woah! What the hell?!” Peter pointed to Tony's pocket, right before it dinged with a text message. Tony took it out, and showed the screen to Peter. “It’s just Happy.”Peter sighed, shoulders slumping. “Oh, thank god.”“What is going on with you?” Peter took a deep breath, and squeezed his hands nervously in front of him. “I think I’m developing a new power.”Tony wasn’t sure he heard him right. “What?” Peter was on edge, hands running through his hair, and playing with his fingers as he walked in circles and tried to explain. “Okay, so me and Ned were studying for that chemistry test on friday, and we were really tired, cause MJ has been on our assess latley about decathlon stuff so we really needed to focus so we had some red bulls. I thought it was just because of the caffeine at first, that was making me so jumpy but then it got worse, and I don’t know what to do and it wont stopandIthinkImightjusthavesuperanxietynowandI’mkindoffreakingout-”Tony gripped Peters shoulders, pulling him to face him. “Stop, take a deep breath.”The kid hauled a lungful of air in, eyes wider than Tony thought they could be. “Calm down, and tell me what's happening.” Peters eyebrows came down over his eyes, as he pouted slightly, looking offended. “I was.”“No, you were rambling. Edit out the Ned parts. Don’t tell me what was happening this morning, tell me what's happening now.”Peter took another breath and did his best to explain. “I think I have a new power. It’s like I can feel when bad things are going to happen, before they do.”Tony narrowed his eyes and looked to where he'd put his phone. “Like the text message. Yeah, that was real dangerous.”Peter waved his hands in front of himself, and started pacing again, as Tony took a seat. “No, no, I know that wasn’t dangerous. It’s just developing so it's overly sensitive. It’s like when I first got my other powers, and my senses were so intense I was in my room puking for two days with the migraine the lights and the sounds caused.”Tony hadn’t known that. “Geeze kid, that's awful.”Peter waved his hands again, frustrated. “That doesnt matter. Do you understand what I’m saying? I can tell when things are going to happen before they do.”Tony leant forward, trying to understand what he was saying. “So, you’re psychic? What am I thinking right now?”Peter shook his head. “No, it doesnt work like that.”Tony hummed, trying to figure it out. “So what does it feel like?”Peter turned around, running his hands through his hair in distress. “It’s like really intense anxiety. It makes my skin crawl, and I just know that something's going to happen. I usually know where it is, too. It’s like that feeling you get on the back of your neck, when you know someone's staring at you.”Tony slowly stood from the couch, not making a noise, as Peter continued rambling on. With Peters back turned, he snuck up on him, getting closer until he was close enough to try and hit Peter on the head. As he expected, Peter had not seen him coming, and yet, he ducked the blow, and caught his wr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Spidey Sense
Humor
Worry
dad tony
Protective Tony
Avengers Family
Fluff
Cute

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

