Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony wakes up in the dark nursery by himself, again. It’s not much a surprise, Obie’s never there when he wakes up, he’s stopped expecting him to be too. He reminds himself that Obie has the company to run, the companies much more important than him after all. Tony yawns and stretches his arms, immediately the lights of the nursery cut on.
“Good morning young sir, it is Monday morning at 8:00 am.” Jarvis intones warmly. Tony nods, he likes waking up to hear Jarvis voice, it’s comforting. The crib bars lower and Tony eases himself out. It’s a routine he does every day since he doesn’t have Obie here with him. Only when he’s lucky is Obie here to take him out his crib and change him, make him breakfast and whatnot, today isn’t one of those days.
Tony waddles over to the where the pull-ups are and takes his wet one off, sliding the new one on. He doesn’t like the pull-ups at all, he prefers the diapers, but he doesn’t know how to put it on himself. Next, Tony digs around in his drawer for his clothes, he grabs a shirt that is much too big for him and pants, the onesies he adores are on the top shelf, and he can’t reach that. He glances over and sees his pacifier is on the dresser as well.
“If you’ll allow it, sir, maybe one of the Avengers can grab your pacifier for you, sir.”
Tony shakes his head at Jarvis’s suggestion like he always does, he doesn’t want to bother the Avengers, he’s not worth their time. They have more important things to do than get his pacifier for him. Once he’s dressed he goes into the kitchen, there’s no food for him to eat but thankfully there’s a bottle already made for him. He pulls his stool, and on wobbly legs, he grabs the bottle off the counter. The milk is cold, but Tony’s used to it. He’s just glad he has something to drink.
His stomach growls, but he ignores that as well when Obie gets home, he’ll feed him, he just doesn’t know when Obie will be home. “Sir, the Avengers have made breakfast downstairs, they have asked if you wish to join them.”
Tony doesn’t really understand why they asked for him; they don’t exactly like him. Obie told him that. The Avengers are kind to him, but Obie said it was because he was a little and it was only proper, plus he was a teammate they had to be at least cordial to one another. The days when he does go downstairs because Jarvis had pressured him enough to, they always smile at him and invite him to join in on their activities, he politely says no because he knows he’s not welcome like Obie said, they're only being nice.
Though deep down he wishes he could be apart of the rest of the Avengers, he sees how they treat Clint; they treat the little like gold. They play with him, buy him toys, take him outside the Tower. Obie doesn’t do any of those things for him. Obie says it’s because he’s a bad boy, he doesn’t deserve the treatment Clint gets, he believes it too. He tries to be good; he swears he does, but he always finds a way to mess it up.
“Sir?” Jarvis asked worriedly. The AI noticed Tony hadn’t responded in well over a minute; he urges his creator to eat something. Tony hadn’t eaten in over twenty-eight hours, completely unhealthy for a little his size.
It makes Jarvis despise Stane even more; the man is the worst caretaker of them all. He abuses Tony; he doesn’t take care of him at all, he all but destroys Tony’s self-esteem and self-worth. To make matters worse, Tony had coded him, so he was unable to tell the Avengers of the abuse Tony suffers at the hands of Stane. The abuse that Tony believes he deserves, no matter how many times Jarvis tells him otherwise.
The other Avengers are completely oblivious to the pain and neglect Tony takes from Stane; the man is evil, smart and charismatic. He tells the Avengers lies of why they haven’t seen Tony, he comes off to them as a good caretaker, as someone who takes care of and loves Tony. Jarvis wishes he could tell the Avengers that none of that is true, or that Tony would tell the truth to them, neither ever happens.
Tony shakes himself out of his thoughts and walks over to the elevator, his hunger thankfully has won out. Silently, Jarvis is grateful Tony has decided to eat, it usually takes much more prodding.
Before the elevator doors even open he hears the sound of laughter and the smell of delicious food, his mouth waters. When the doors open the first thing he sees is Bruce flipping pancakes, there's already a stack of them on the counter. Next, he sees Clint on the floor playing with his dinosaurs; Tony wishes he had toys to play with, he envies Clint at that moment. At the table is the rest of the Avengers engaged in some conversation.
Thor is the first to see him, “ANTHONY IT IS GOOD TO SEE YOU!” He booms across the room, Tony flinches in on himself, he hates loud noises, he hates yelling. It reminds him of when Obie yells, of when Obie is angry. The rest turn to greet him, and he almost wishes he hadn’t come down, he doesn’t want their fake smiles, he knows 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
Infantilism
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Feels
Team as Family
Protective Avengers
little Tony
little clint
Insecure Tony
Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers Family
Child Abuse
Little Headspace
Littles Are Known
Angst with a Happy Ending
Obadiah gets whats coming to him eventually
Tony gets all the love eventually
Kidnapping
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Obadiah Stane & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

