Work Text:

Natasha
Natasha wanted to bash her skull in. After accusing Stark about pandering to his own ego she realized that she had just burned the bridge with the billionaire. Stark had looked raw, broken in ways Natasha could never understand. She never allowed anyone to get so close to her to do the level of damage she could feel radiating from Stark. It took some much needed self-reflection on her journey to Wakanda for her to come to terms that she had been compromised. She had wanted to believe that she did not pick Tony over Steve or Steve over Tony but it seemed that she had. Steve had always come first to her ever since they worked in the STRIKE Team and she had tried to get him a date as friends try to do.It would almost be laughable that she had expected anything else except for the fact that by choosing a side, choosing Steve, had cost her dearly. She used to pride herself on being able to escape, to get out of the tight spots and not have guilt hound her - unfortunately it was too late now.She found herself within Wakanda’s borders and in an inescapable cell before she could even realize it was happening.The days continued on, hot and stifling and boring and Natasha could do nothing but think and reunimate on her past actions, the inevitable consequences, and the harsh truth that she had undoubtedly messed up.She usually wasn’t one for meditation. It had never been hard for her to just breathe in and focus and strike. However, she found herself meditating more and more in order to stymie the rising roar of anger that wanted to erupt from her throat. There was no way she was showing her raw emotions within Wakanda’s walls. The country had technology that rivaled Tony’s and she knew with certainty she was under surveillance.Introspection had led her to understand that she had sided with Steve, and it wasn’t the first time. It seemed that letting him leave in Germany was the final nail in her coffin and she absolutely hated that she had made a bed she now had to lie on.She knew why she came to Wakanda instead of hiding in the wind. 
Sentiment was such a bitch.
Natasha thought that the Red Room had washed it all away, had broken her and rebuilt her into this thing that did not care, could not care but she had been whittled and softened by Clint, Coulson, Fury and later by Steve and Bruce.She thought she was doing the right thing. The lesser of two evils. That’s what originally signing the Accords was suppose to be. One hand on the wheel...If Natasha could muster up the emotion she would hate herself, but even now she could not find it in her. Instead she redirected it, moved targets, created collateral damage as long as it spared her.She would stare at Steve and the rage bubbled in her lungs, her throat ached with holding back the vitrol, the anger, the fact that it was her fault and not Steve’s….Meditation helped, to a degree.So Natasha tried not to stare, not to speak, not to interact because if she did, she wasn’t sure what she was capable of doing. 
Wanda
Escaping from the RAFT had been a breeze once Steve had removed the collar around her neck and tore the straight jacket from her torso. She knew she could always count on Steve to help her, to protect her. When Clint came by and held her until her tremors went away she felt comforted.Once steadied she let her magic flow through her body, her hands sparking red as she invaded minds and twisted thoughts until they had a straight shot out. That Lang guy kept side-eyeing her but he wasn’t important.What was important was the fact that Stark had locked her up.Stark had locked her up again.Stark had collared her like an animal.Stark made her turn against Vision.Stark hurt Steve, hurt Clint, hurt her.And now Stark would pay.+++Wakanda was a beautiful country and when she had joined the Avengers she had no idea she would be traveling so much. But soon, too much time passed and the walls started to feel like they were closing in.She tried not to think about Lagos and the only way she could get through it was by repeating Steve’s words over and over.
 This job...We try to save as many people as we can. Sometimes that doesn’t mean everybody, but, if we can’t find a way to live with that, next time...maybe nobody can be saved.
+++She tried controlling her powers more carefully, especially after the RAFT. She would never be caged again. Her magic was hard to contain sometimes. Whenever she thought of Stark it felt like magma flowed through her veins. It ran hot, thick, and it needed to get out. She could recall a moment when Sam had yelped after a stray spark hit him.Steve had talked to her about meditation, to maybe talk to Natasha about some techniques, but Wanda didn’t care. She coveted this anger, let it grow and overflow whenever she wished because if she did not then she would inevitably think about Vision and then feel empty instead.+++She didn’t realize she wasn’t talking to anyone until one night she got up for a midnight snack and Clint was the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Bad Team Dynamics
Introspection
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Captain America Friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

