Work Text:
Sam did one more circuit in the air just to confirm that everything was under control. The wannabe-despot of the week was being loaded into the back of a SHIELD van in handcuffs, and the three bioengineered chimeras she’d released in Central Park were all safely contained. They were part hyena, part cat, and part...actually, Sam had no idea what the hell was making them glow faintly purple, but he was pretty sure it wasn’t normal cat or hyena behavior.Fortunately, the chimeras weren’t nearly as aggressive as their creator had hoped. Once the Avengers had herded them into a sunny area by a fountain, the chimeras had settled down to bask on the warm stone, ignoring their creator’s increasingly frustrated commands to make with the rampaging already.“Can we keep them?” Clint shot another boomerang arrow from the top of the fountain. One of the chimeras was lying on its back, batting lazily at the arrows passing overhead. “I’ll feed them and walk them and not let them maul any civilians, can we keep them, sir, pretty please with a cherry on top?”“No,” Coulson said. Sam could see him standing by the SHIELD van, arms folded as he watched Clint.“I want this one.” Natasha sat on the ground by the fountain, posture relaxed, apparently ignoring the chimera five feet to her left. The chimera ignored her back, except to twitch an ear in her direction.“No,” Coulson repeated, but only after a pause long enough signal defeat.Natasha rolled slowly onto her side. The chimera tracked the movement, then put its head down on its paws and half-closed its eyes. “I’m naming her Boadicea.”“So we’re done here? We’re done here,” Sam said, and turned his comm off before he could get sucked into the argument.He touched down outside the SHIELD perimeter, where Tony was shedding his suit like a lobster shucking off its shell one segment at a time. Each piece folded up neatly into the briefcase at his feet. The Winter Soldier was standing next to him, his face blank but calm.The Soldier had been an official part of the team for a few months now. Sam still didn’t have much of a read on him. The Soldier had been invaluable during the whole Hydra/SHIELD clusterfuck, and that was enough to earn him a lot of goodwill, but Sam wished he knew more about the Soldier than his fighting style and his call sign.“Hey, Cap,” Tony greeted him. “Where are the spy kids? Let’s do post-battle brunch, I’m starving.”“They’re trying to convince Coulson to let the mad science experiments follow them home.”“Good luck to them, but God help them if they try to keep them in the Tower, Pepper put her foot down about pets. You buy out one animal shelter because the cages are too small and all the animals look sad and suddenly everyone thinks you’re a hoarder. I don’t get what the big deal was, we weren’t using that floor of the Tower for anything important anyway. Tacos?” Tony suggested. “I’m thinking that place by Fordham. BattleBot, you in?”“Can’t,” the Soldier said, typing something into his phone. “I have a date.”Tony stopped talking for an entire three seconds. “You. Have a date.”The Soldier looked up and blinked, clearly nonplussed to find Sam and Tony both staring at him. “Yes.”“With who?”“My boyfriend.”“You have a boyfriend.  You  have a  boyfriend?” Tony looked like he’d just walked into a lamppost, and then the lamppost had handed him a birthday present.The Soldier’s brow furrowed. “Is that a problem?”“Hey, this isn’t disapproval on my face, this is  flabbergast. Flabbergastness? Flabbergosity?” Tony waved a dismissive hand. “I’m just a teeny bit surprised, no need to do that thing with your face where your eyebrows try to merge with your nose. Details! I need details!”“Tony,” Sam tried.Tony ignored him. “Is your boyfriend also a former brainwashed Soviet assassin?”“No.” The Soldier’s stance eased. His phone chirped and he went back to typing.“I guess that was a longshot. Is he a Marine?”“No.”“A fireman?”“No.”“Mixed martial-arts instructor?”“He’s a painter.”“Pics or it didn’t happen,” Tony demanded.“Tony,” Sam sighed, but the Soldier was already holding out his phone. Tony barely resisted grabbing it. (People who grabbed things from the Soldier had a tendency to break fingers; granted, they were usually bad guys going for the Soldier’s weapons, but there was no telling exactly how the Soldier would react to a grab in a non-combat situation, and Sam for one would not want to be the first person to test it).“That’s your boyfriend?” Tony said incredulously. “Him? No way.”The Soldier’s eyebrows were advancing south again. “Why not?”“Why not?  Look  at him, he’s  adorable.”“Yes,” the Soldier agreed, mollified.Sam gave up on resisting his own curiosity and leaned over Tony’s shoulder. The Soldier obligingly held out his phone, which displayed a picture of a short, skinny guy with a neat blond crew cut. He was wearing a plaid flannel shirt and giving the camera a grin and a dorky peace sign.“When are we meeting him?” Tony said. “Is it now? Can we meet hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Artist Steve Rogers
Chimeras
all the chimeras are fine
I can't put an animal into a fic and NOT have it be happily adopted
mad scientist origin or no mad scientist origin
anyway who wants tacos
Fluff
Humor

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

