Work Text:
Shuri woke to the feeling of hands on her body. Instinct demanded that she lash out - her legs even tensed in preparation - but training took over and she manage to quell the rash desire. Over the sound of her pounding heart, she could hear many footsteps. There were more men or women present than just the ones that were holding her limp body off the ground, likely too many for her to defeat. Especially if they had weapons, which they probably did. Her odds were lowered even further because of the fuzzy feeling in her head, evidence of drugs."Put the bitch in there," a male voice ordered."So close to - ""What the fuck are they gonna do? Hurry up. We were supposed to be done by now."The hands moved her forward, then gave her a hard shove. Shuri went sprawling, landing on her hands and knees before, thrown off by the weight of her body, she landed hard on her side. The impact was enough to make the breath rush out of her lungs. She gasped for a moment, raising her eyes to meet the faces of her kidnappers. Several sets of cold eyes stared at her from behind familiar masks. Her heart sank as she recognized the uniforms that Hydra soldiers always wore."Sorry the accommodations aren't what you're used to," the guy said. "But you'll just have to make do. We want your brother to do us some favors."T'Challa. Of course that was their goal. "He won't do anything," Shuri said, getting back to her feet. She allowed herself to be clumsier than normal, playing up weakness for the benefit of her captors, but none of them seemed to be fooled. The heavy iron door shut in her face before she'd gotten off the floor."We'll see what he'll do once we start sending him pictures." And the guy might have been wearing a mask, but there was no mistaking the leer in his eyes."Why don't you take pictures of me?"Shuri startled at the new voice, head jerking around. The speaker was, she realized, the man in the cell beside hers. He was hunched over on the floor, but now he uncurled and slowly stood. She recoiled in spite of herself, appalled at the sight of him. He'd obviously been here for a long time judging by his bushy and unkempt beard and moustache. His hair might have been black or dark brown once, but now it was almost all grey. Every inch of skin that she could see was bruised, bloodied, scratched or scabbed. He was skinny and small, about the same height as Shuri, and filthy, with a smell that made her eyes water."No one wants to see you," the lead guard sneered. "Don't make us come in there.""I always welcome a visit from the world's most inept super villains" the other prisoner said. The guard just snorted and spat on the floor in front of Shuri's cell. "Come on. Leave them both to rot."She wouldn't rot, Shuri thought. She'd be more likely to freeze to death first. It was cold down here, a far cry from the warm Wakandan sun, and she was only wearing  a pink blouse and black dress pants. She had no idea where her suit jacket or heels had gone. A quick inventory lead her to realize she'd been searched while she was unconscious. Every weapon was gone, even the spiked straps she'd braided into her hair that morning. Her hair fell loosely around her shoulders now. Even her bra was gone."You shouldn't talk to them.""What?" Shuri said, looking back at the other prisoner."You shouldn't talk to them. You should keep your head down and try to avoid notice.""I'm sure they're going to notice me either way, and I might be able to bargain for my freedom," Shuri said.He snorted. "The only thing they'll accept is making weapons, and I don't think a kid is going to know much about that."It was on the tip of her tongue to inform that she'd created countless weapons. Her greatest treasure was the Black Panther suit that T'Challa wore. But she stopped herself. She didn't know who this man was. For all she knew, he could be on Hydra's side - a mole, put here to make her feel more at ease and spill details that Hydra could use against her and T'Challa at a later date. No, it was better to hold her tongue for now and fully assess the situation before she said or did something she would later regret.She explored the cell instead of responding, not that there was much to really look at. It was small and bare, without even anything to sit on. The only piece of ‘furniture’ was a bucket in the corner of the room. Shuri wrinkled her nose at the thought of what it was to be used for. The smell would be strong considering at there were no windows, and even beyond the bars she couldn’t make out any natural light.She tested the bars by shaking them, but, considering how rusted they looked, they were surprisingly strong and didn’t move. Even T’Challa would’ve had difficulty getting past without the Panther suit. She looked at the door next, hoping that there might be some way to pick the lock, but it was biometric. Of course it was. There were ways of fooling that and getting past, but she needed tools that she didn’t have. Thwarted for the moment, s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Shuri & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
no black panther spoilers
pre-t'challa/tony stark
but it's mainly shuri's imagination/determination
and t'challa having a big old crush
mentions of torture
hydra are scum
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Protective T'Challa
t'challa is a good big brother
protective shuri
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
mostly takes place in a hydra prison and then wakanda
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Tony Stark
kidnapped shuri
hydra are unimaginative
wakandans are BAMFs
Female Character of Color
POV Character of Color
POV Shuri
Shuri ships ironpanther
rescuing
dramatic rescues
the dora milaje are seriously BAMF
do not mess around with them
Nightmares
Handwavy medical procedures
handwavy medicine
Therapy
therapy is a good thing people
PTSD
Mentions of PTSD
tony stark would protect any child
Identity Reveal
Secret Identities
takes place about six months after civil war
spiderman homecoming did not happen here
Canon-Typical Violence
violence against a sixteen-year-old
cursing
shuri is a fan of tony stark
tony's not quite sure what to make of that
shuri has plans for tony and t'challa
Angst and Fluff
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
t'challa would comfort tony anytime
Hurt Tony Stark
Some Fluff
ends on a happy note
future consort tony stark
just had to slip that in here

fandom: 
Shuri & Tony Stark

