Chapter 1: Pilot
    




Chapter Text
       “We’ve all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That’s who we really are.”-J.K Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Harry James Potter, a wizard of magnificent strength and power, with dazzling green eyes and a heart of fire, is on the run from the Ministry of Magic. Well, ‘running’ is a loose term, really; because currently he’s sitting on the edge of a cliff, head tipped towards the sky and watching the stars sparkling up above. It’s pretentious and desperate, the way he looks at the stars, as if they somehow had the power to change the outcomes of Harry’s own mistakes. However pretty they are, they’re not sentient and they most certainly do not hold time changing powers. At the end of the day would he really change the past, though? He doubts it. He’s created a problem for himself, for the rest of his life, but perhaps that’s his mistake to bear. The sheer amount of deaths in his name is - no. He stops himself. He curses at himself internally, glaring angrily. He told himself that he wouldn’t think of  them ever again. He won’t go down that hole again, not if he can help it. He’s doing his penance. He can barely remember how long it’s been, moving every few days, scarcely eating, scarcely sleeping. Forget months or years; it’s been centuries. He falls down onto his back, absentmindedly gesturing with his hand around the meadow he’s laying in, setting up wards without uttering a word. He’s got a lot of time on his hands; he mastered non-verbal magic ages ago. The wards are strong, and will keep him safe as long as he stays there. But this place, for some reason he can’t place, makes his mouth taste sour and his stomach turn over. It doesn’t feel safe. The summer night is warm enough that he’s nearly comfortable on the ground, drifting off into sleep as he counts the constellations above him, trying in vain to remember all the stories that they hold.   II. As soon as Harry wakes up, he leaves. That place had felt weird. He couldn't find any peace there. It had almost been like someone was  watching him. Watching him as he stumbled away from the edge of the cliff, the morning so new that the sun had not yet risen over the horizon. Watching him as he turned his head sharply from side to side, eyes flashing as he sliced the elder wand through the air, a thin white mist hanging in the air for a beat before it seemed to swarm away, as if the mist itself was looking for someone  watching.  Harry has not felt safe in a long time. That being said, this is the most  unsafe he’s felt in… years. It’s too quiet. Too still. Where are the small creatures, snuffling around through the nearby forest and around the edge of the cliff, only being awake at night as predators lurk in the sunlight of the daytime. There’s no wind, trees and bushes and grass alike staying too  still.  There’s no owls in the trees, no bats fluttering through the light overlay of clouds that covered the stars at some point within the last half hour or so. His wards are still up. Logically, there’s no way anybody could even  begin to get close enough to attack him. But, as Harry Potter had come to learn, logic doesn’t always apply when it comes to the people following him. He fights to keep his breaths slow and even, carefulling spinning around in a circle, eyes wide,  waiting.  Have they found him? Suddenly, somewhere to his right, by the edge of the forest, there’s a shout. A scream. A yell. An, “Over here! Quick!” Harry watches as a group of men, fully dressed in leather dragonhide armour and holding their wands up high, stalk out from behind the cover of the trees. The wards stop them from hearing or seeing Harry. Either way, he crouches down, his hand steady as he grips his own wand so tightly he can almost feel it humming with magic. His pulse quickens as the leader of the group jerks a hand up, signalling the rest of them to stop. There has to be at least twelve of them, all highly trained aurors, if Harry were to guess. Highly trained and with their commander’s orders in their minds. They’ll believe the stories that the Ministry told. The lies and the manipulation will have got to them, making them believe that Harry is bad. That Harry has to be feared. At this point though, he doesn’t even blame them. There’s a part of him that thinks he’s bad, too. But that doesn’t mean he’ll let them catch him. So he stands tall and takes several steps backwards, until the heels of his feet are standing on the rough sandy edge of the cliff. The group of wizards are getting closer. The wards are still in place; Harry can practically feel them. But the aurors are trained. They know how to disable wards, even  Harry’s, which are stronger and thicker than any normal ones. So as they wave their wands at the wards, muttering spells under their breath, Harry closes his eyes, shifts his weight back, and lets himself fall. III. He doesn’t often visit the graveya
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Is this the start of something new or a mess in the making?
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Dark Harry
Powerful Harry
Master of Death Harry Potter
Master of Death
Sorcerers
Magic
Wizards
Witches
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Potions
Potions Masters
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Dark Magic
Slow Burn
Background Relationships
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Loki (Marvel) & Harry Potter
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

