Work Text:
The building, when Steve pulls up, looks much nicer than he expected. He was picturing one of those rundown, old-fashioned places that are in desperate need of repair. Instead, he finds himself parked in front of a three-story building that’s painted yellow. The front steps are dark red and there are well-tended flowerbeds on either side. The huge sign in the front lawn proclaims it the ‘Sunshine Home for Littles’. He's definitely in the right place.He climbs out of his car slowly, glancing in the backseat. Of course, the black car seat, the yellow blanket and little green kitty toy are both still there. He doesn’t know why he feels the need to keep checking on them. After how hard it was for him and Bucky to install the car seat in the first place, it’s not like a thief would be able to make off with it without drawing some notice.“Hello Steve. Glad you could make it.”Steve straightens up and turns to see a familiar face. “Hi Sarah,” he says, some of the tension draining away at the sight of her smile. “It’s good to see you again.”“You too,” Sarah says. “Are you excited?”“Excited and nervous,” Steve admits. He’s thought about this for a long time. He’s wanted to adopt a Little since he first found out he was a caregiver at the age of eighteen. But he was never in the right financial position for that. It’s only recently, now that he’s left the army and is working full-time as a comic book artist, that his salary and apartment meet the requirements. “That’s common. You’ve done all the classes. You performed brilliantly on the tests. I really think you’re ready for this,” Sarah says. “Did you look at the files I sent you?”“I did.” Steve spent a lot of time on them, actually. “I just don’t know. None of them stood out to me.” He doesn’t care about the race or gender or ethnicity of his Little. He doesn’t care whether they came from a poor or affluent background. He doesn’t even care how old they are physically. What matters is that his Little has the headspace of a baby, because that’s the best match for Steve, and wants to be loved.“No worries. That’s why I invited you to come to the Home. You can have a look at our baby room and see if anyone draws your attention. Right this way.” The interior of the building is just as brightly decorated, with bold colors on the walls. Sarah leads him through, explaining that the Littles are grouped by the age of their headspace. Steve passes by rooms for teenagers, pre-teens, big kids, little kids and toddlers before they come to the baby room. All of the rooms have Littles waiting for a caregiver to take them home.The baby room is decorated in softer colors, blues and creams and yellows. There are half a dozen Littles inside. Steve recognizes some of them from the files he was given. The other two, a boy and a girl, are both new to him. Curious, Steve watches them. The baby girl is playing with blocks, but takes more delight out of chucking them at the wall than in building anything. The baby boy is part of a group being read a story. He’s utterly focused on the words, eyes glowing.“I’m sure you know the others. That’s Tony and the little girl is Rebecca,” Sarah says. “She arrived last night.”“And Tony?”Sarah’s smile turns sad. “He’s been here for about six months.”“Why didn’t I get his file then?”“Tony’s an older Little. He’s in his late twenties. Most people want younger Littles.” Sarah clears her throat. “We’re… discouraged from sending out the files of older Littles unless we’re expressly asked for them.”“That’s disgusting,” Steve snaps, incensed, turning to her. He’s surprised to see that Sarah is nodding.“I agree, but it’s not a policy I’m allowed to push back on. If you’d like to see Tony’s file, I will gladly get it for you.”“Please,” Steve says, looking back through the window. Tony hasn’t looked away from the story once. He’s a cute little boy, with dark brown hair and big brown eyes. Cleanly shaven, the way all of the Littles are. Steve wouldn’t have pegged him for being in his late twenties. He’d have guessed early twenties at the oldest.Sarah returns with a blue file and escorts Steve to a small office, where she leaves him to look through it. Steve opens up the file. His eyebrows immediately go up when he sees Tony’s last name. Stark is a pretty influential name. He’s not really sure why Tony ended up at a state-funded agency until he flips to the page that briefly outlines Tony’s history. The story isn’t pretty.Apparently, Howard Stark did not want a Little for an heir. After Maria Stark’s death three years ago, he had Tony placed into the system. Parents weren’t legally required to remain as caregivers for their children after the age of twenty-one, so no one had stopped him. According to the sheet, Tony bounced around to half a dozen different care homes with no interest whatsoever before ending up at Sunshine. Either his age or his background have been a strong deterrent.The poor kid. Bucky’s always said Steve has a soft heart and this situati
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
alternate universe - littles are known
Adoption
handwavy adoption
caregiver steve
Daddy Steve
Baby Tony
little Tony
Little Headspace
Non-Sexual Age Play
non-sexual infantilism
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
tony was abandoned to the foster system
Orphanages
they're called homes in this but it's basically an orphanage for littles
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony Stark
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Diapers
Pacifiers
Carrying
platonic cuddles
Cuddles
little car seats
car seats
big headspaces
Angst
Angst and Fluff
way more fluff than angst
two souls finding each other
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

