Chapter 1





Chapter Text
‘You can’t just ignore it all the way there,’ Loki points out in his most ostentatiously reasonable tone, crossing his arms over his chest as he watches Thor unlace his boots. ‘We need to at least come up with a plan for when the Midgardians decide to throw me to the wolves.’
‘We already have a plan,’ Thor reminds him, shooting him a wide smile as he looks up. Loki rolls his eyes. ‘Besides, I thought you liked wolves.’
‘I like them when they’re not trying to dismember me,’ Loki responds sourly. ‘And dazzling the puny mortals with your new lightning abilities is not a plan.’
Thor sighs and hangs his head briefly before he pulls off his boots. His muscles are weary from days without sleep, dashing from one end of the ship to the other overseeing the construction of dormitories and living spaces, organising supplies, cataloguing what’s been lost and what needs to be found. He keeps a number in his head all the time now, three figures: the tired few that make up the nation of Asgard. He’s so proud that they got here at all he could burst, but every new problem brings with it a reminder that Thor had given up the throne once before, even if it was to his thrice-damned, silver-tongued snake of a brother, and he isn’t sure how much he’d really wanted it back.
Also, his eye socket itches, and if Loki had given him the courtesy of five minutes alone before following him to his quarters after dinner, he would have been able to scratch it by now.
‘Then what would you have me do, brother?’ he asks, a little more seriously. He pauses in his undressing and leans sideways against the wooden beam of the bedframe. He can’t summon the energy to do much but gaze up at Loki, who looks a little startled at his sudden acquiescence but recovers quickly.
‘We should approach them on good terms, first,’ he begins, the scheming glint in his eye growing sharper by the second. ‘Greet them graciously, and offer them something they need. We must be careful not to imply remorse for past actions. We don’t want them to think they can just demand whatever they want of us in recompense.’
‘You slaughtered hundreds of their number last time we were on Earth and now we return in spades, begging for refuge,’ Thor reminds him flatly. ‘They can demand whatever they like.’
Loki’s eyes narrow.
‘And if they demand revenge?’ Loki snaps. ‘If your loving mortals demand my head on a spike, brother?’
Thor can’t help an incredulous snort at that, even as it makes Loki’s hands clench into fists as he launches off the wall with an angry jerk. Thor catches his wrist at the last second and holds him there but Loki refuses to look at him. Thor bites his lip, his mouth twitching with the effort not to smile. His head on a spike! Of all Loki’s melodramatically improbable fancies, that might be Thor’s favourite.
Thor contemplates him for a moment, almost too tired to envision the mental gymnastics Loki must have had to go through in order to reach the conclusion that Thor would happily hand him over to people who wished his death. What must it be like to have Loki’s brain? To be so quick to take offense that not even a lifetime of adoration could reassure you: to remain convinced, always, that you must not be wanted where you are.
‘Then we will go somewhere else,’ Thor says calmly, stroking his thumb over Loki’s exposed wrist. His pulse jumps and scatters, although Loki keeps his breathing carefully controlled. ‘There are other planets, brother. An entire galaxy of them, I hear.’
Loki’s eyes flicker to him and then away, the corner of his mouth twitching unwillingly. Thor takes it in, holds it, keeps it. It’s been a long time since Loki felt free enough in his presence to let himself smile truly and not as part of a trick, even if he still attempts to keep it hidden.
‘And you think the people would be content with such a bargain?’ Loki murmurs, raising an eyebrow. He leans back against the wall and Thor lets go of his wrist with a final squeeze.
‘Perhaps I would not couch it in such mercenary terms,’ Thor frowns, stretching his arms out before him and groaning at the fuzzy relief. The double-edged language of state functions rolls through his head, the sly formality that always slipped more easily from Loki’s mouth than his. ‘I would say that they take all of us or none of us. What have we left but our loyalty to each other, the sanctity of our state?’
Loki lets loose a low, mocking whistle and Thor swats at his hip. Loki dodges out of reach, the smile full stretched across his mouth now, teeth glinting.
‘Oh, so you have been paying attention,’ he grins, keeping tauntingly out of Thor’s reach. ‘We’ll make a king out of you yet, brother.’
‘I don’t need any tips from you on that score,’ Thor snorts, standing up and pulling off his cloak, unfastening the straps of his jerkin. Loki grins and leans his head against the wall, examining his nails with the kind of studied insouciance that led Thor to pick him up and dunk him in lakes when they we
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Rebuilding
Storytelling
Misunderstandings
Sharing a Bed
Everyone Thinks They're Together
Humor
Asgardians - Freeform
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Conflict Resolution
First Time
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

