Work Text:
Tony tries to keep his eyes on the TV screen, but the big, blue, squishy chair is right in the corner of his peripheral vision, and Bucky Barnes is sitting in the chair. It was a weird, convoluted process, getting him back to the tower, but he’s here, and he’s only about 80% surly, and he seems relatively murder-free so they’re making do.Tony’s watching the TV but he’s also watching Bucky, and it’s clear that Bucky’s eyes are fixed across the room as if he’s also watching the TV, but he’s not. He’s watching Steve. Steve is sitting next to Tony, but sideways, feet tucked under Tony’s thigh, lounging against the arm of the sofa. He might be the only one who actually  is watching the movie, and Tony knows he is because he keeps snickering and mouthing along with the lines under his breath.Clint is watching Coulson who is watching his phone. Because that mutual pining disaster needs a sharp shove off a cliff before it’s going to get started. Thor is writing in a notebook, maybe a letter to Jane, maybe some indescribably interesting Asgardian science thoughts. Tony doesn’t know but he’d like to have a look either way because he’s both deeply invested in science and a terrible gossip. Bruce is on the floor on his laptop and he’s definitely doing science because every now and then Tony can hear him mumbling to himself. Tony would like a look at that too, but unlike Thor, Bruce will share it with him when he asks.Nat’s not here or she’d be watching the movie with Steve.Steve laughs under his breath again, his hand twitching where it rests on the arm Tony has thrown across the back of the couch, and Bucky’s eyes flicker. It’s a tiny, barely noticeable movement, but Tony’s watching Bucky watch Steve so intensely now that he doesn’t miss it.Bucky has been watching Steve since he arrived at the tower, and Tony’s still trying to figure out why. It took a while for Tony to realize how twisted up Steve was about Bucky’s arrival and even now, a few weeks later, they still haven’t quite figured themselves out.Tony’s not worried about “Bucky and Steve.” First of all, he trusts Steve more than he trusts himself, most days, and second of all, he’s never been the possessive type. If anything, the idea of Bucky having  that kind of interest in Steve is sort of hot, though that’s a fantasy he’ll be keeping to himself for the foreseeable future. Everything’s confusing enough for Steve without Tony adding that to the mix. But he is worried about “Bucky” and “Steve” because Bucky’s doing a lot of staring but not a lot of talking and if there’s anything Tony’s learned from his many bouts in therapy it’s that Talking Is Important. Then again, the Therapists For the Rich and the Famous that he’s always gone to probably wouldn’t be prepared to handle a hundred-year-old super soldier who’d had his brain put through a slap chop a few times a month for seventy years, so perhaps it’s hardly relevant.Still… he’s worried about the lack of talking around Steve. Bucky talks to Tony, a little, and he doesn’t stare at anything when it’s the two of them. But he doesn’t talk to Steve - at all - and he stares - a  lot. So, when the movie’s over and everyone has scurried off to their respective rooms, Clint walking Coulson out with a doe-eyed look, Tony corners Steve in the kitchen and tugs him in close, trapping himself between the edge of the counter and Steve’s formidable chest. Steve’s hands fall to Tony’s hips even as he gives him a look that says  watch the PDA mister,  because, bless him, Steve still worries about traumatizing their teammates. “Is Bucky doing okay?” Tony asks, and Steve’s expression shifts sideways. He’d been expecting a come on, if Tony knows his particular faces - and he does, thank you very much - and not a Serious Talk.“Yes? I think so. I mean, he’s still having nightmares sometimes, and I think he doesn’t fully trust himself. But he’s doing better, that’s for sure.”Tony tries to structure his question in a way that doesn't come off as jealous sounding, but there really isn’t one. “He… stares at you a lot. Is that normal?”“Stares at me?” Steve says, emphasis on the  me as if he thinks Bucky’s been staring at the wallpaper instead.“Well, yeah. And he doesn’t talk.”“He talks.” Steve seems almost ruffled, a little offended on his friend’s behalf.Tony holds his hands up. “I’m just worried, is all. If there’s something wrong between you two, I wanna help, if I can.”“There’s nothing wrong between us, Tony. He talks to me, and he’s, uh, he’s not staring at me. He’s staring at you.” Steve blushes a little.“What? No, he’s not.”“He is. He only does it when you’re there. I hang out with him all the time. He talks to me, he’s relaxed. He doesn’t stare.”“I -” Tony cuts himself off, confused. “But I hang out with him too.”“What?”“He started showing up in the workshop, just sitting on the couch with a book at first, but now we chat. I thought the issue was with you.”“No. No, he’s fine with me. Not the same as he was, of course,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Anal Sex
Skype Sex
Lots of Sex
Polyamory
Developing Relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

