Work Text:
  
“We may leave a house, a town, a room, but that does not mean those places leave us. Once entered, we never entirely depart the homes we make for ourselves in the world. They follow us, like shadows, until we come upon them again, waiting for us in the mist.” 
― Ari Berk, Death Watch   They’re all weary and covered in dust, Natasha and Clint piloting the jet while Bruce sleeps in one of the jump seats in the back, and Steve – Steve is pacing between the cockpit and the weapons locker unable to stand still. Adrenaline still rushing in his head like the best kind of narcotic. A fight has been his drug of choice for as long as Steve can remember. That reefer stuff couldn't even touch that kind of high.This mission had been short, twelve hours all in. A rogue HYDRA cell with an underground base smack in the middle of downtown LA. It had taken out three city blocks when the self-destruct sequence went off, but luckily they had evacuated nearly everyone in the blast radius. There had been a baby in an overturned car after the fight. Screaming its head off. Clint had held it with a practiced sort of ease as he handed it back to its frantic parents at the police cordon.“Did you ever want kids?”The question is out of Steve’s mouth before he can stop it. He knows how rude it is even before Natasha makes a face like she’s just swallowed a lemon, and Clint lets out a noise Steve isn’t sure is a cough or a laugh.“Not really our scene, Cap,” he eventually says, and Steve feels both chastened and surprised.“But you’ve bonded?” he asks, unable to stop himself.Clint just shakes his head. “Nah, it never seemed that important,” he says, stretching his arms above his head with a popping noise in his shoulder.Steve tries not to let it show on his face, but he’s sort of dismayed. Bonding is…important, at least it used to be. Still is to him, and once again he feels old, old-fashioned. Out of time, like Natasha would say. She doesn’t know how true it really is, with Bucky disappeared like smoke on the wind after everything that happened in D.C.“Sorry,” he mutters.Clint just waves him away with a smile, “no harm done, buddy,” and that’s the end of the conversation. But it sticks with Steve all through the rest of the flight, when he strips the suit and kevlar in the ready-room, pulls on his sweats on top of the tight base layer.It’s not that he thinks Clint and Natasha should have kids, or should bond, but it’d be nice. To have kids running around. The way it had been in the tenement. It hadn’t mattered whether the kids had been yours, you’d looked after them anyway. Several pairs of eyes keeping them out of trouble - not that it had worked on him and Bucky most of the time.It had been a family tied together with more than just blood, and maybe he’d been looking for that, at the Tower, but it’s not the same. Will probably never be the same, Steve thinks wishfully as he enters his empty dark apartment.It still feels ridiculous living there, the opulence and luxury. There’s a cleaning service two times a week and Steve still hasn’t gotten used to it. It feels so wasteful just for him. He could clean. When he has the time. Tony had just waved away his objections like he does every time, like a 3,000 square foot apartment is nothing, like it’s the bare minimum. And Steve is getting used to it, slowly, trying to convince himself that it’s home now, even if it feels anything but.Things don’t feel any different this time as he walks through the dark living room and into the large family bathroom. Finally stripping out of the under layers of the suit, throwing the shirt and pants into the hamper. That gets emptied on the regular too. He doesn’t even know where the washing machines in the tower are. There’s none at the apartment, or he doesn’t think there is.He stands under the hot spray of the shower for a stretch of long, quiet moments. Letting his brain empty of the blood and carnage of the fight, adrenaline slowly seeping out of him like it’s being washed down the drain with his shampoo.He wraps a towel around his waist, not bothering to dry himself too carefully, and crosses the hall into his bedroom, without turning on any of the lights. He doesn’t need them, can see well enough in the dark. As Steve approaches the door of the walk-in closet, there’s a sudden growl. It’s low and defensive, and Steve freezes. He’s only wearing a towel, he suddenly realizes stupidly.“Jarvis?” he calls out.“Yes, sir?” comes the clipped voice of the A.I over the comms system.“Is there someone in the closet?” Steve asks, and then feels immensely stupid. Of course, there’s someone in the closet. Growl and all.“Yes sir, there is,” Jarvis answers and Steve hears the silently judgemental ‘of course there is’ which the A.I has kindly left out.Steve takes a deep breath, fighting his temper. “And you didn’t think to mention it?”“It didn’t seem of great importance.” Jarvis states it like an afterthought.Okay, Steve thinks, tightening his hold on the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha!Steve
Omega!Bucky
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dubious Consent
Nesting
Bathing/Washing
Explicit Sexual Content
Knotting
Referenced Mpreg
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Brad the intern
MCU kink bingo 2017
do not repost to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

