Chapter 1: You Could Be My Hobby
    




Chapter Text
Chapter One“So anyway, I’ve got this friend I want to bring with me tomorrow. You feeling up to it?” Sam’s dark head tilts to one side in emphasis of his words.Setting his spoon down carefully in his pudding cup so it doesn’t tip, Bucky then licks his lips. “Is it the redhead?”Sam shakes his head violently. “No, man, you know I wouldn’t do that to you. Especially in your current condition.” That famous gap-toothed smile makes an appearance, and Bucky promptly flips him off.“Current condition, my ass. Healthy or not, she’s the scariest woman I’ve ever seen, (really—he’s seen news footage of her fighting) so as long as it’s not her, I’ll pencil you in to my busy schedule.” He slowly and painfully adjusts a little, shifting his weight from one cheek to the other, picks up a pencil and pretends to write something on the hospital menu in front of him. He’d swear, hospitals bought the cheapest mattresses they possibly could so as to discourage people from lingering as patients too long. And don’t even get him started on those stiff, starched-to-infinity sheets. He hadn’t had a decent night’s sleep ever since the accident landed him in here. “Oh, right,” Sam jokes, “Your busy schedule of pudding tasting and TV watching. Got it.” He’s sitting in the Geri Chair next to Bucky’s bed, which was the hospital’s version of an armchair, only much more uncomfortable and unattractive. Picking up his spoon and jabbing it in Sam’s direction, Bucky adds, “I also whine endlessly and have therapy twice a day. Don’t forget that.”“Yeah. Therapy for your ass fracture.” Sam sits back, as though he’s proud of himself for thinking that one up.“Pelvic fracture, dude. Pelvic fracture.” He takes a big slurpy bite of pudding, one of the few foods the hospital cafeteria staff couldn’t screw up, and savors the chocolatey goodness. Actually it was two ribs, one pelvic fracture, and about forty million bruises, but who was counting? Bucky thought it supreme irony that he’d made it through two tours in the middle east in a Para rescue unit without a scratch, and four months after getting back home to DC he gets creamed by a drunk driver who’d crossed midline. Sam laughs in an easy way, and Bucky falls silent for a moment, regarding him. Sam was maybe the best friend he had, and just having him here lifted his spirits immeasurably. They’d known each other a long time, from way back in the day. They were in the same flight group at Lackland, and they’d kept in touch ever since, even when their paths separated. He remembered how happy he’d been to learn that Sam was still here in DC working at the VA when Bucky had gotten his walking papers. He’d been out of civilian life for a long time—he was overseas when all that weird shit went down, first with the aliens (real fucking aliens!) attacking New York City, and then with that Hydra mess and those crazy floating aircraft carriers that went down here. He still had a hard time coming to grips with the fact that Sam actually fought in that battle, and that he knew some of the Avengers. So weird!But Bucky didn’t care about any of that. He didn’t seek out fame, and he knew Sam didn’t either; he’d just gotten drawn into helping out someone in need after a chance meeting at the National Mall. If that someone was freaking Captain America and freaking Black Widow, well, that wasn’t Sam’s fault, was it? All Bucky cared about was that he had his buddy back. Sam had come to see him as soon as he’d heard about the accident, like the true blue friend he was. Of course, Bucky had pretty much tried to kick him out of his room that first day, but that was beside the point. Those first couple of days were rough, there was no denying it, and he didn’t particularly want to see anyone then, but things were slowly getting better. Slowly. He didn’t ordinarily like to self-medicate, but had to admit in the early going here that pharmaceuticals were a wonderful invention. He snaps back to attention, eyes refocusing on the dark-skinned man when he realizes he had asked him a question. “What?”“I said, your fly is open, Barnes.”Bucky rolls his eyes and laughs dryly. “Fuck off, Wilson.” If only he had real pants on that had a fly. Still, he was wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt, clothing highly preferable to those awful hospital gowns he had to wear initially. Thank God his sister brought him some of his own stuff to wear. He scrapes the last bit of pudding out of the cup and sucks the spoon into his mouth upside down, licking it lovingly. He needs more pudding for later. Maybe he can sucker Sam into going down to the refreshment station to get some for him.Sam guffaws openly at his not-too-original insult but then asks the more important question while Bucky is focused on his pudding situation. “When do they think you’re going to get out of here?” The Geri Chair squeaks underneath him as he sits forward on it. That subject draws a sigh. At this point the doctors can’t give 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Humor
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Happy Ending
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
POV Bucky Barnes
not safe sex
very consensual
Captain America Is Lonely
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Artist Bucky Barnes
Hospitalization
Flirting
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Kissing
So much kissing
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Injured Bucky
Not Canon Compliant
Hurt/Comfort
Shrunkyclunks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

