Work Text:
Peter stared at the paper in front of him and ran his fingers through his hair.“Screw this,” he muttered, his eye twitching as he scanned the sentences in Spanish that he was supposed to be completing. Relative pronouns were confusing as heck, he thought. He was so done. He stood up abruptly, striding out of his room to the elevator with the vague idea of getting some chips from the common floor. He should really start a chips stash, he decided. It would save him some walking. The elevator door opened, and he ambled through the living room to the kitchen, where he found Bucky standing very still, looking suspiciously at the counter. Or, more accurately, what was on the counter.“What are those,” he asked Peter without breaking his gaze.“Those? Those are legos,” said Peter, slipping past Bucky towards the chips drawer.“What do they do.” Bucky sounded wary.“You can build stuff with them. I built a lego Starfighter one time, that was pretty cool.”Bucky looked both confused and frustrated. Knowing him, he was probably frustrated with being confused. “Here,” Peter supplied, setting down his bag of doritos and scooping up the legos. He stuck two together and passed two more to Bucky. “Try it.”Bucky narrowed his eyes at the little plastic blocks in his metal hand. He picked one up and after a missed attempt, stuck it to the other.“That’s it?” he said after a moment. “Why do we have them.”“I gave them to Tony as a thank-you present. I think Clint stole them, and he must’ve left them here when he left for etiquette class.” Peter paused to grin a little. “I can’t believe Clint’s actually going to etiquette class.”Bucky took apart his two legos, then put them back together. “Serves him right. His manners suck.”Peter let out a surprised laugh. “Ooh, burn!”Bucky raised an eyebrow, picking up a third lego and adding it to the two in his hand. “Not a burn, just true.”“Still funny, though,” Peter said cheerfully, grabbing his doritos and opening the bag. He watched as Bucky added the rest of the legos from the counter to his odd construction.“Do we have more of these.”“I don’t know… Hey JARVIS, do we have more legos?”“I’m afraid not, Mr. Parker. There is, however, a Lego Store several blocks up Fifth Avenue. Would you like directions on your phone?”“Yes, please,” Peter said. “C’mon, Bucky. Field trip!”Bucky’s lips twitched, and he followed Peter to the elevator. “Is there really a store for these.”“Yeah! It’s really cool. A lot of it’s pretty expensive, but it’s fun to look at, and they have sample tables!”“Sample tables. Hm.”The elevator came to a stop, and Peter frowned as the doors opened to the hallway to his room.“We’re going down, JARVIS.”“I’m aware, Mr. Parker. I just thought it would be best if you grabbed a jacket. It is currently raining outside.”“Oh, okay. Thanks, JARVIS!” Peter turned to Bucky. “Be right back!”Bucky watched seemingly in amusement as Peter dashed to his room and returned moments later with a jacket. He tugged it on as the elevator came to a stop outside Steve and Bucky’s place. Bucky strode out and soon reappeared holding a leather jacket, which he slid his arms into before zipping. “Your hair’s stuck under your coat,” Peter said, reaching up and tugging at a strand. Bucky deftly freed his hair, shaking his head so it fell into place around his shoulders.“What’s it like, having long hair?” asked Peter, tilting his head in a puppy-like manner. Bucky shrugged.“Higher maintenance required. But it looks great.”“It does,” Peter said, grinning. “Would I look good with long hair?”Bucky hesitated long enough that Peter burst out laughing.“It’s okay, I know I’d look horrible, probably. I don’t think I could pull it off.”“You could if you wanted to,” Bucky told him carefully. “Might help if you were older.”“I know, I have a baby face,” Peter sighed. “I’m doomed to eternity looking like I’m twelve.”“Steve looked like he was twelve. You never know.”“I guess,” said Peter thoughtfully. The doors opened again, and they stepped out into the lobby. Outside, rain was falling in sheets, splattering the pavement. Peter could see people’s hair whipping in the wind as they hustled past the front doors. One man’s umbrella flipped inside out; he struggled to right it before giving up and dashing forth on his way.“It’s really raining,” Peter said, surprised. Bucky fidgeted with the bottom of his jacket. “We don’t have to walk.”“You hate cars! It’ll only take ten minutes.”Bucky looked relieved. He pulled up the hood of his sweater beneath his coat, and Peter did the same with his jacket. “Ready?” Peter said, pausing just inside the doors. “Go!”They burst onto the sidewalk, chins tucked down to their chests and hands deep in their pockets. Bucky positioned himself at Peter’s eleven, blocking the brunt of the wind. They kept a rapid pace, consistently passing the other pedestrians. Peter kept an eye on the street numbers, not wanting to take out his phone for fear of water damage. He hoped Bucky’s arm stayed dry. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Legos
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Clint goes to etiquette class
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Field Trip (in a sense)
JARVIS is a pal
Jarvis takes care of everyone
Bucky learns new things
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Oversized Clothing
Bets & Wagers
Spider-Merch
Spider-Fan Day
Nobody steps on a lego
Superfamily

fandom: 
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

