Work Text:

The Asset sits up cautiously, taking care not to make any sudden movements, for fear of worsening the pounding headache in the base of his skull. Actually, the more he thinks about it, the more he realises that the ache is not only constrained to his head. It feels as if his entire body is one pulsating live wire, oversensitive and fit to burst. 

Gut-wrenching cramps grip his stomach periodically. They make the Asset want to curl into a tight ball and hide himself away. The cramps are accompanied by dizzy spells and waves of nausea. The Asset’s skin is slick with cold sweat, yet he feels like he is burning up inside. It is as if a roaring inferno has been lit within his body. He has long since removed all his clothing, but his nudity does nothing to help him now. His mouth and throat are as dry as a desert; all the moisture in his body seems to be leaking out of his ass. 

There’s a throbbing pressure between his legs that he can’t ignore, beating at a pace that matches the Asset’s accelerated pulse. The Asset registers a tackiness between his ass cheeks, as slick drips down his thighs in shiny rivulets. His cell is filled with a rich, caramel-sweet fragrance that seems to be pouring from his body in waves, oozing out of ever pore. The Asset recognises it as his own scent, but—headier, almost. There is an unspoken message in the pheromones hanging in the air; an invitation, a plea. 

The Asset knows what will happen. He is unsure exactly how he knows this, but he thinks it might be because this has happened before. There is a grudging familiarity to the aches in his bones, the tickle of repressed memories in the back of his mind.

The technicians will wait until he hits the peak of his cycle, when his body will be in its most receptive state. They will then bring him to a dimly-lit medical room, restrain him and allow him to be mounted by an Alpha stud. The Asset will be knotted repeatedly, without respite, until he can taste the Alpha’s seed in the back of his throat, until his hole is gaping open, raw and tender and messy with come. He will be fucked into submission, until the bond being forced upon him finally takes. 

The chair only goes so far in ensuring his compliance, after all. 

The bonds tie the Asset to his handlers, makes him subservient to their wishes. The Asset is left with a deep-rooted need to please his handler, after every coupling. He thinks that he receives a new handler for every cycle, but—that might be misconstrued information, on his part. 

It is an effective strategy, he gives them that. 

Though the repeated sessions in the chair may have wiped his brain, no amount of reprogramming can change his designation, his biological make-up. The Asset’s body knows what it wants, knows what it needs. His handlers have simply been insightful enough to use this to their advantage. 

The Asset’s body was built to take a knot. A thick, fat, bulbous knot. He wants one to lock into his body and satiate the raging beast inside him. 

The Asset does some mental calculations. Based on his current physical state and the fact that he has only limited capacity for rational thought, the Asset surmises that he must be getting close to the peak of his heat cycle. Past experience and his own intuition tells the Asset that he has at most 24 hours before he is made to couple with a new handler. 

24 hours of riding this out on his own, going increasingly delirious and heat-crazed as the time sluggishly ticks by. 
The Asset sits cross-legged on his lumpy mattress, idly grinding his ass into the scratchy fabric to give himself a hint of relief. His cock is painfully hard, the tip shiny and flushed a dark, dusky rose colour. There is a line of pre-come smeared across his lower belly. The Asset’s balls are swollen and heavy, aching to be emptied. His chest feels tender, his nipples hyper-sensitive to the air around him. If he were with pup, they would be engorged and filled with milk. He squeezes his pec experimentally and hisses, the feather-light pressure still all-too-much for his body.
The Asset has been delaying the inevitable for as long as he can bear, but the ache is intensifying at an exponential rate with every passing second, crippling him with need. With a grimace, he rolls off his mattress onto his hands and knees, dragging his threadbare blanket along with him. He crawls over to the corner of his cell, as far away from the door as he can possibly be. The floor is icy-cold, but it gives him a blissful, albeit brief, reprieve from the fire raging in his core. 

With a small grunt, the Asset positions himself so that his back is pressed into the corner of his room. He balls up the blanket and stuffs it between his body and the wall, protecting his skin from the unforgiving chill of the concrete. He draws his knees up to his chest and lets his thighs splay wide, feet planted firmly on the ground. The sweat and slick on the backs of his thighs is making his skin slippery and sticky. The le
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents

freeform: 
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Forced Bonding
Omega Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky
Omega!Bucky
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha!Steve
HYDRA Trash Party
Rape/Non-con Elements
Past Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Male Masturbation
Masturbation
Anal Fingering
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Breeding
Knotting
Forced Knotting
Dehumanization
forced bonds

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents

