Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Seventeen weeks is how long Loki is allowed with each of his children.Just four months. An impossibly tiny amount of time in the life of a god. It passes in a heartbeat.At seventeen weeks old, his babies can be weaned. They no longer need Loki and his milk to survive.They can be taken from him then, palmed off to another who can keep them alive through other means. Odin is not so cruel as to kill Loki's children, even if they are all monsters and, in Odin's words, a threat to the safety of Asgard. It is not their fault that Loki knows they will be born twisted and broken and yet chooses to carry them anyway. He could have ended each of his pregnancies, but he doesn't. Each time a new life had flared into being inside of him, Loki has fallen in love with it.He will have a family, he tells himself. This time it will be different. This child I will be allowed to keep.Then the child is born and Loki's heart breaks. A wolf, a snake, a horse and a girl born half-decayed.Odin lets them live, but he punishes Loki."Let this be the last one," he says as he removes the bundle from Loki's arms. "Do not spread you legs again, Loki. You have seen how this ends."***Loki moves in the shadows. He is a tolerated presence, but not a desired one.He was useful once and might be useful again. His magic is strong. He is a weapon, a stolen relic of another kingdom, and if nothing else he makes a good trophy.Loki has a lot of time to think. While his body recovers from the birth of his latest baby, and his heart recovers from his loss, he enjoys the libraries of Asgard. He spends his time honing his craft, practicing his magic and studying the more obscure texts he can get his hands on.All of this is expected and encouraged. Odin smiles on him.He thinks that Loki does not yearn for his family, for his children who were taken from him. He thinks that Loki bore them to be contrary.He believes that falling pregnant and delivering such undesirable children is Loki's rebellion, that Loki did it to spite him.After all, isn't it shameful to lay with men as Loki does? It is obvious to everyone that Loki is the passive partner, that he is the one who receives. He is the one who falls pregnant. It is impossible to hide that someone has taken him when he displays the aftereffects of such acts so clearly.Loki has let not one but many unknown men fuck him. His children have all different fathers. Loki has never gone back to the same man twice.For some reason this is a slight against Odin and his Asgardian values, but Loki is not of Asgard and is not bound by their social conventions.Loki is not part of the royal family. He has no blood ties, no bounds. He has been part of the royal court since he was a boy, a little child plucked from the snow of Jotunheim and brought back as a war prize along with gold and jewels. He is supposed to be grateful to Odin for sparing him slaughter.Instead, Loki lies awake at night and dreams of ice. He dreams of a family he has never known and he aches inside.He wants a child to fill that restless, aching place inside his heart. He wants to build a family of his own, to find the belonging that Odin denied him when he stole him.All his attempts have ended in failure, but Loki is nothing if not persistent.He reads his books and he practises his magic and he thinks and thinks of how to bring forth a child that cannot be taken from him.**A possible solution to his conundrum presents itself in the sparring ring.Loki is bored. He does not often spar with the soldiers, but he feels trapped by the walls of the palace. He goes outside, searching for something to amuse him and finds the warriors practising."Fight with me," he offers them, spreading his hands and watching with pleasure as they back away. "You will face magic users in battle. Fight with me now."For a long moment no one steps forward. Loki begins to think that none of them will be brave enough.Then Odin's own son, Thor, steps forward and presents himself as a match against Loki's magic.Loki nods, humming in pleasure. Although he hates Odin, he does not feel any such anger towards Thor. In truth, he has hardly given the young prince much thought.Their battle is long and fierce, with Thor attacking and Loki defending, but Loki notices that Thor pulls his punches. He does not put his full strength behind his blows and that in itself prolongs their match. Loki grows weary casting illusions and creating force fields, and when Thor pounces, he catches him off guard for a moment and knockes him to the ground.He is a heavy weight on top of Loki and Loki struggles for a few seconds before falling limp, far too aware of every inch of Thor that is pressed against him. Faintly, Loki is aware that people are clapping.Pinned under Thor, Loki feels that undeniable ache that tells him he must have a child.He must have Thor's child.Thor - golden, brilliant, as blinding as the sun - is not a monster. No child he sired could be a monster either, even w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Loki's Children (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Pregnant Loki (Marvel)
Mpreg
Top Thor (Marvel)
Alternate Universe
Past Relationship(s)
Babies
Magical Pregnancy
Odin (Marvel)'s Parenting
Angst with a Happy Ending
Falling In Love
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Pregnancy
Male Lactation
Family
Alternate Norse Religion & Lore
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Child Loss
Family Loss
let Loki have his babies
Bad Decisions
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Large Cock
Anal Sex
Pregnancy Kink
Rough Sex
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Loki's Children (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

