Chapter 1: I Remember
    




Chapter Text

~Tony’s POV~

There was only darkness.

He felt like he was going through open-heart surgery without anesthetics…again.

Where was he?

Where was his suit?

Is that…water pouring on him?

Where the fuck is he?

The last thing he remembers is…

Private Hypocrite dropping his father’s shield…

Leaving him in a disabled suit…

In Siberia…

Alone…

With life…

Threatening…

Injuries…

What. The Absolute. Fuck?!
The past few hours leading up to this situation was finally catching up to him. He remembered The MIT September Foundation. He remembered meeting Charlie Spencer’s mother. He remembered looking up every victim left behind, after the “help” given to them by The Avengers. He remembered Ross and his attempt to control Tony.He remembered seeing the look of hatred stabbing him to death coming from Maximoff, as he confines her to the Compound, in an attempt to keep the vultures at bay. He remembers learning of Aunt Peggy’s death from his cousin Sharon. He remembers the bombing, and losing a good friend in the form of T’Chaka Udaku.He remembers Steve gung-hoeing it with Sam Wilson to get his Sgt. He remembers the shot to the face. He remembers finding the little Spiderling in Queens, staying with his unusually attractive aunt. He remembers trying to keep his so-called family together.He remembers seeing Rogers-because he is no Cap-dropping a gangway on a 15 year old child. He remembers witnessing his best friend, his brother, his rock, plummet hundreds of feet from the air to the ground. Never to walk again. He remembers sending the Spiderling back to the hotel. He remembers being betrayed once again by The Black Widow. No surprise there. He remembers seeing the rest in the Raft. He remembered going as a friend to Rogers, and then being shown that…gruesome video. He remembers Rogers uttering the heart shattering truth behind it all. He had known. Moreover, did not think to tell Tony. He had the audacity to preach, “Sometimes my teammates don’t tell me things,” but was terribly fine using Tony’s money and resources to find his parents murderer! What. The Actual. Fuck?! He remembered the fight that ensued after that revelation, the cold determination in Roger’s eyes as he fought for his Sargent. He especially remembers the shield digging a permanent indent into his artificial chest, after he realized that Rogers had been aiming for his neck, to go in for the kill, to do whatever it took to save his Sargent.He also remembers the peace he felt when he had decided to accepted that death was unavoidable, and that it would be better to accept it, than fight it. At least this way, it would be less painful.
~The Day Before~
However, as Tony had closed his eyes, he did not notice the entity that had stepped out of the shadows. She was a remarkable sight. She walked with the grace of a lioness as she stalked her prey. She was a shocking "6'5" with a slim fit waist, and wide birthing hips. She had the curves of a roller coaster, with legs that seemed to go on for miles. She had pure white luminescent hair, which seemed to resemble that of a flame with azure blue at its tips that reached her ankles. Her skin was a caramel crème with a slight blue hue, with a soft heart shaped face, high cheek bones, a slightly curved petite nose, almond-shaped eyes lined with permanent black liner with piercing gold with flecks of black surrounding the edges, and natural plump black lips. She was wearing a strapless short black dress that ended upper-mid thigh, a black cloth in the middle to reach her ankles, a gold bodice lined in shades of blue and black, a azure blue cape and drapes, and black, gold, and silver gladiator stiletto's tied up to her thighs. She as well carried a weapon; on her back was a scythe. This sinful creature was Zephorai Nyla Scythes Zambroschova, First Daughter of both Olympian God Hades and Primordial Goddess Nyx, Successor of Kronos, Bane of Zeus, Goddess of Sins, Destruction, Adventure, Humility, Karma, Time, Space, Soldiers, Battle, Ninja, Darkness, Insanity, Paranoia, Change, Souls, Predators, Intelligence, Spies, Fortune, Destiny, Genius, Advancement, Creation, and Reality. Zephorai was The First Offspring of the Gods after the First Titanomachy, and the most powerful. She was born to the two most powerful gods, and had absorbed half of Kronos' essence after his defeat. Which had boosted her power and number of domains.As she looked upon the soul about to part from this world, she could feel her brother’s signature of death run through the soul. A sign of a merchant. A merchant who’s soul has been broken beyond repair. A soul that was about to pass on without her brothers consent. As well as a soul, that The Fates deem to be Earth 616’s redemption, and it looks like they have ruined that chance by breaking this man so callously. She could not bear to see such a pure soul so broken and defeated pass on without achieving happiness. Therefore, with that thought in mind
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Barry Allen
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Chaka
Tony Stark & Shuri
Guardians of the Galaxy & Tony Stark
Oliver Queen & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Stiles Stilinski
Original female Character & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Hurt Tony
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Stiles
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Stiles
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective Oliver Queen
BAMF Barry Allen
Protective Barry Allen
Team Cap is shit
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Dark Steve Rogers
Not Dr. Wells Friendly
Sorry Not Sorry
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
God Interference
Female Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Barry Allen
Pepper Potts/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & T'Chaka
Tony Stark & Shuri
Guardians of the Galaxy & Tony Stark
Oliver Queen & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Stiles Stilinski
Original female Character & Tony Stark

