Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
                They take Tony.                It happens when the world should know better. When the whole damn world should know that Tony belongs to them, that they don’t share, that, between the two of them, they can be meaner, harsher, crueler than anyone else on the planet.                They take Tony, and disappear into the desert.                Rhodey calls as soon as he wakes up. He asks to talk to Bucky, because they have that whole military service connection, tend to get along better, but Bucky’s gone radio silent, so he has to talk to Jason, instead.                 “You know where he is?” Rhodey’s voice is static-y over the phone, and sluggish on top of that. He’s still too drugged up to be much use. Jason wants to hang up immediately.                “No one knows where he is,” Jason says.                  It’s been forty-eight hours. Jason is losing his Goddamn mind.                SHIELD pulled their closest six agents off their missions, sent them all to the area to recover him, but they came up with nothing. Natasha’s in deep enough that she needs another seventy-two hours to make a graceful exit, and Clint’s up a Goddamn tree somewhere, scheduled for a hit he can’t miss.                It’s just been Jason, stuck here with Bucky, who will not fucking talk to him, and Coulson, who manages to throw a few updates at him in-between fielding a call every five seconds, trying to finish Natasha’s mission, and Clint’s mission, while also coordinating the redirection of all available agents to the search for Tony Stark.                Jason gives SHIELD forty-eight hours, and then he goes to Gotham. It does not go well. He’s wound too tight by the time he gets there, and Bruce is missing, has just fucking disappeared off the face of the planet like he somehow sensed Jason was going to need him and broke the sound barrier dodging any and all obligations to help. So Jason tears through the Batcave like a nightmare, wrecking whatever looked most expensive and yelling at Alfred.                Alfred. He yells at Alfred.                And then, somehow even worse, he practically roughs up Oracle, trying to get answers she doesn’t have. Dick and Bruce and even little Tim are going to fucking disembowel him for it, which is fine, which he deserves, and the shittiest part is that it isn’t even worth it, because she doesn’t know a damn thing.                  “I already looked, Jason,” she says, her tone lost between confusion and pity. She has blood on her mouth. Jason put it there. Backhanded her like a shitty pimp. What the fuck. “Of course I did. We all did. We’re all looking for him.”                “Well, stop looking and just fucking find him. I know you fucking people don’t give a shit, never fucking look for anyone, but he’s not a Bat, alright? He’s Tony fucking Stark. You find him.”                Jason drives back to SHIELD only to get kicked right back out on his ass, because Bruce Wayne – who’s too damn busy to answer Jason’s calls or show up when Jason needs him – has called Coulson to bitch about Jason’s troublesome behavior in Gotham.                “Tell him to get fucked,” Jason suggests, while Coulson covers the mouthpiece on his phone and directs a pleading gaze heavenward. “Tell him that I said to get--”                “Jason,” Coulson says. It shuts Jason up immediately. He sounds tired, which is normal, and quiet, which is not. It’s weird. Jason’s never heard him sound like that before. It makes Jason want to yell, and throw desks, and kill someone with his hands. “I am doing everything I can. I need you to go home, and sleep.”                “I’m not gonna sleep while Tony is---” Jason throws his hands up, because he doesn’t know where Tony is, or what’s happening to him, and that’s the crux of the whole damn thing. He can’t brace for a hit that he can’t see coming. Ever since the first shots were reported, he’s been in freefall. “Fuck you, Coulson. I am not going home.”                “No one’s heard from Bucky for twelve hours,” Coulson says. “Go home and make sure we still have a super soldier. We may need one.”                “He’s a fucking robot right now, Coulson.” Jason shakes his head and crosses his arms over his chest. “I am not going home. Fuck you, I’m helping.”                Coulson takes a deep breath and closes his eyes for a second. “Jason,” he says, slowly, “the best case scenario right now is that we find out where he is, and we need to plan a rescue mission. Natasha’s coming back after a four-week solo op. I can’t put her in the field for at least three days after medical clears her, and I have no idea what the wait will be for Clint, because he is, as usual, refusing to accurately report his status.”                “What the fuck does that matter? He’s not— Tony’s ours. We’re going after him, Bucky and me. It’s us.”                “You haven’t slept in two days. I have no idea what state Barnes is in, because he wi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Jason Todd

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Timelines
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Team as Family
Hurt/Comfort
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Minor Character Death
Canonical Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Jason Todd

