Chapter 1: Look At Me, Girl
    




Chapter Text
"Is this a mortal?"
Those were the first proper words I had heard in days. There were hundreds of other girls around me, all of them chained up and huddled in the bottoms of their small cages just like I was, but we were not allowed to speak.
Over the last few months we had tried to talk with each other several times, but we had never managed to exchange more than just a couple of words until one of the guards had noticed. They had been creative in finding new ways of punishment - sometimes they dragged some of the girls out of their cages and beat them up until they were barely able to crawl back into their cages once the guards were done with them; sometimes they poured buckets of ice cold water over us and let us almost freeze to death, and one time they had all gathered up in front of a cage to pee on the poor girl that had tried to talk with the girl in the cage next to her, while mocking her cries of shame and terror and laughing about her pleas to leave her alone. Well, to make a long story short - we had learned to stay silent over the time.
So all I had heard in days, apart from the heavy footsteps of the guards, were the usual sounds of crying and sobbing around me.
When I heard a male voice asking this question, I looked up, startled to see someone stand in front of my cage. I cowered against the iron rods at the back of my cage to avoid the man's eyes - nothing good has ever come of anybody taking further notice of you in this place.But of course it was pointless. He took a step nearer to my cage and now stood only a few inches away from me. I stared at the ground, desperate not to make any eye contact.
"Yes, your Highness", I heard another voice answer, but I didn't dare to look up again.
"I was not aware that you are in the possession of midgardian slaves."
"It's the only one we have, your Highness."

"I see."
I could see the two pair of feet walk away from my cage and let out a relieved sigh. There had been other visitors before, and they usually took one or two of the girls with them. These girls had never been heard of again, and I refused to imagine what might have happened to them. It may sound strange, but by now, I had started to find comfort in my little cage - as small, cold and uncomfortable as it was, at least it was mine, and nobody could touch me in here. Nothing good had ever happened to anybody the guards had dragged out of their cage.
I curled up in a ball, trying to look as small and unappealing as possible, and my eyes met those of the girl next to me. She was lying in the exact same position as I did, and I gave her a weak smile that she returned. We had tried to speak with each other a few weeks ago, but had been caught and brutally beaten for our small conversation. I still felt a stinging pain in my chest whenever I breathed in and I had several cuts and bruises on my body. We knew better than trying to talk again, but our eyes locked and I knew that we both prayed not to be chosen by this man.
I tried to remember her name, but couldn't. Something with an S, I think... Sarah? Sandra?
I was so busy trying to think of it that I didn't notice the feet that suddenly appeared in front of my cage again. It was only when I could see Samira's - there it was, Samira! - eyes widen in sheer terror that I realised the man and the guard had returned and were now standing right in front of me.
"You, girl, stand up", the guard commanded, and I slowly lifted my head. He definitely meant me. I didn't dare to say anything, but I stared at him in confusion. He did know, didn't he, that my cage was too small to stand up in it?
"I do not think that she can stand up in this cage", the visitor said irritated, "Get her out of it."

"No. No, no, no!" A voice in my head screamed, and my heart started to hammer against my chest. Samira watched me and I could read both pity and relief in her eyes.
The guard opened the door and waited.
"Get out", he said, as if he thought I didn't understand what he expected me to do with the open door, but I didn't move. It wasn't as if I wanted to refuse his commands, I simply couldn't follow them. I was paralysed by fear and found myself not able to get on my feet.


"I said, get out", the guard repeated, louder this time, and when I still didn't react, he grabbed the chain that was attached to the collar around my neck and yanked me out of the cage. Falling down on my hands and knees in front of the two men, I choked on the tight grip of the collar and coughed, which caused me to whimper in pain. Coughing sure didn't help on the stinging pain in my chest.


"Do try not to kill her before I could even have a proper look on her, will you?" the visitor said casually, and the guard bowed slightly.

Then I could feel the man's scrutinizing gaze on me. 


"Look at me, girl", he ordered, and I lifted my eyes hesitantly until they met his. I hadn't really looked at him before. He was very tall and had a handsome face with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Original Female Character(s)
Tom Hiddleston/Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
Loki/OFC
Loki/Thor/Original Character(s) (Marvel)
Loki/Thor/Original Female Character(s) (Marvel)
Thor/Original Female Character

freeform: 
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Loss of Virginity
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Slavery
Sexual Slavery
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Porn with Feelings
loki is a little shit
Loki Can Be Sweet
Eventual Romance
Loki is fucking sexy
Loki Does What He Wants
Dubious Content
Master/Slave
Rough Sex
Loki Feels
Loki Falls In Love
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
I'm Bad At Tagging
Porn With Plot
Loki Needs a Hug
Falling In Love
Past Abuse
Extremely Dubious Consent
Protective Loki
Rough Oral Sex
Master/Pet
Loki Fucks Hard
Loki Kink
Past Rape/Non-con
Rape Recovery
Non-Consensual
Somnophilia
King Thor (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki & Original Female Character(s)
Tom Hiddleston/Loki/Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel) & Reader
Loki/OFC
Loki/Thor/Original Character(s) (Marvel)
Loki/Thor/Original Female Character(s) (Marvel)
Thor/Original Female Character

