Work Text:

One of the first German words Steve can remember learning is verbotene. How, don’t ask him; it came before the war, before Germany took its stance. In a way, Steve sometimes thinks with a wry twist of his mouth, he and Germany have a lot in common. Both were targeted by those stronger than them, and both had to pay. At least Steve didn't come out the other side the way they did, though.

Maybe Steve learned it because he had so many forbidden things and it seemed only right. Give it a different sort of name, jazz it up, make it not sound as bad as it is. Verbotene liebe. Sure sounds better than forbidden love.

And, oh. Did Steve have that.

Gray-eyed, brown-haired forbidden love. Not so forbidden now in this century, but Steve somehow still doubts that the public will accept without question that the world’s deadliest assassin is in love with their All-American Icon. Which is fine by him; Steve gets so little that’s just his, and he’d like to keep Bucky that way.
Even if that could be widely accepted, Steve knows one thing that wouldn’t, and it’s currently beating at the backs of his teeth in time with the unforgiving punch-thrust of Bucky’s hips against his ass. Every muffled whine is a struggle, and Christ, Jesus, Steve is aching to say something.
Bucky is so cautious with his metal hand even at Steve’s repeated urgings not to be: currently it’s gently holding onto Steve’s hip while his flesh fingers tangle in his hair and tug his head back. Steve grunts, the noise choked off when Bucky tugs a little harder, bending Steve into a lazy U-shape.

It’s so easy to lose himself in it, the wet slap of skin and Bucky’s drawled filth in a thick accent that eases the permanent homesickness on Steve’s heart. Steve has contemplated going back now that Bucky is here again, but it is and isn't his city at the same time. With Bucky back, it’d be a little easier, but Steve finds himself wanting something new. Something theirs. They’ve had their past and now, Steve thinks, they need their future.

“Buck,” he breathes, reaching blindly behind himself until Bucky’s fingers find his, his other hand releasing his hair. He squeezes, tipping his head back on a moan when Bucky’s metal hand carefully cups his balls and glides over the straining length of him. That hand trails up Steve’s torso as Bucky bends down, cupping Steve’s pec and twisting the peaked nub of his nipple gently.

Pushing Steve’s legs a little closer together to bracket his thighs with his own, Bucky fucks in hard and grinds his hips against Steve’s ass. Steve moans, and Bucky says, “Yeah, sugar, you like that?” in a hoarse voice that makes Steve’s toes curl.

Steve isn't sure if it’s Bucky’s tone, or his choice of endearment, or whatever, but he keens, dipping his back more and widening his stance best he can with Bucky’s strong thighs squeezing his own. He drops his hand back down to the mattress to support himself. Bucky’s balls slap against his and his pubic hair is rough against Steve’s ass and Steve has never felt so owned, so helpless and trapped like he does now.

The thought doesn’t cross his mind for more than a second when he whines, “Yes, Daddy, yes.”

Bucky stills, and Steve stills, his face and neck growing so hot he thinks he may burn himself. No. No, no, god no, Bucky isn't supposed to know, Bucky doesn't need to know. This was supposed to remain a fucked-up fantasy, not blurted out in the middle of sex like every single worst-case scenario, and oh god this is happening, it really is. Bucky is still balls-deep inside him and Steve just called him Daddy.

Steve struggles to push himself upright, already muttering, “Sorry, sorry, sorry,” and stops when Bucky’s metal hand clamps down onto the back of his neck. It’s hardly more than its usual gentle hold, but immediately Steve melts, tension leeching from his body even as his heart pounds in his chest.

Bucky draws in a ragged breath behind him. “Is that what you want?” he asks after a pause. The stilted way his words come out make Steve feel hot all over, this time in a good way. Slow, Bucky grinds his cock in deeper, nudging Steve’s sweet spot. Steve jerks, whines, and Bucky grips harder, asks, “Did you want me to be your daddy, sweetheart?”
It’s like it knocks something loose instead Steve with a harsh clang; suddenly he can’t stop rambling, can’t stop working himself the best he can on Bucky’s cock just to feel it inside him. “Yes, please, fuck,” he says in a voice that’s almost too high-pitched to be his. “Please, oh, please, Da—Daddy. Daddy. Wanted this for so long—oh, fuck me.”
Bucky moans and grips Steve’s chin, turning his head to the side to kiss him, licking in deep and filthy. “My darling, my baby,” he coos hot against Steve’s mouth. It’s hard to focus this close but Steve can see that Bucky’s eyes are dark. Bucky nips at Steve’s lower lip, then kisses him in time with the roll of his hips.

“Oh, Stevie,” Bucky murmurs, running his hands down the sweat-slick flex of muscles a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Unashamed filth
Daddy Kink
Barebacking
Facials
Hair-pulling
Fluff
Daddy Bucky
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

