Work Text:
Bucky stood at attention when the doctor came into the room, her low heels clicking decisively across the tiles.  This wasn't one of their scheduled visits, but he'd learned a long time ago to expect the unexpected, especially where SHIELD was concerned."Doc," he said in greeting, with a respectful incline of his head."Sergeant," she replied, and even though she said nothing else - she didn't so much as move another muscle - Bucky knew why she was there.This was it.  The day had finally come.  SHIELD was cutting him loose and setting him back out into the world again,. They'd deemed him safe - or at the very least, no longer a threat to national security.  For the first time in months, he'd be able to breathe free air, feel the wind on his face, he'd have privacy..."Does Steve know?"  It was his first – and only – thought.She smiled, and nodded.  "He's waiting for you at his place.  He didn't want to overwhelm you during your outtake evaluation.""Of course not," Bucky muttered.  Silly bastard was far too noble for his own good."And, just to clear up any confusion, while we are releasing you from custody, we're not releasing you from SHIELD altogether.  Director Fury's taken a personal interest in you."Then they must still want him on a short leash, just in case, which was fine with him.  The shorter the better, in fact.  Hell, if they wanted to attach an ankle monitor or a GPS chip in his arm, he wouldn't blame them.  (For all he knew, Stark had done exactly that when he'd upgraded Bucky's arm.)  "Understood.""And the Captain has made it clear that he will personally make sure you have everything you need.""So...I'm reporting to Steve?""In a manner of speaking, but yes.  Although, if you prefer someone else –""No."  He shook his head for emphasis.  "Steve's fine."Hell, Steve was all he wanted right now.  The doctor smiled softly, like she knew what he was thinking.  She had one of those kind, expressive faces – the type that invited exchanging confidences, spilling secrets better off buried.  Bucky tried not to think of all the ways he could kill or incapacitate her using only the barrettes holding her hair back.  He was used to quelling the cold, calculating assassin that lurked within his head."Well, then, I guess we're all set.  Are you ready?"He summoned what he hoped was an actual smile.  "Ready as I'll ever be, I guess.""And remember, if the nightmares or memories get to be too much, or if you feel overwhelmed or –""I'll call," he said, even though they both knew he was lying.  Sure, he'd show up for his mandated appointments, do what was required of him, but he'd had the dreams and flashbacks and night tremors for decades now.  He'd been living with blank spots in his memories and reining in his more vicious impulses, with the screams of the dying echoing in his ears and the guilt eating away at his soul, for so long that he wasn't sure what he'd do without them.  He wasn't gonna atone for his past by talking out his feelings.The only way he was gonna move past this was by getting out there and doing some good, following Cap's example.  He may never get back what he'd lost, and he would never have the right to call himself a good man again, but for Steve's sake, he'd do his best.He'd let Steve down once, and all of history had suffered the consequences.  But, here and now, he finally had a chance to tip the scales in the other direction.  He'd take it with both hands and run with it."The Captain has my number," Doc was saying, almost like she was reading his thoughts.  "And I've told him not to hesitate to call me.""That's dirty pool, you know that.""We all want the same thing, Sergeant.  Which is for you to get better.""Yes, ma'am," he replied, and gave her a quick two-fingered salute, pairing it with his most rakish grin.  Out of all the shrinks he could have been saddled with, she wasn't so bad."Go on," she replied, shaking her head.  "Get out of here before you burst.  There's a car waiting to take you to the Captain's.""Thank you," he said, and giving in to impulse, pressed a quick kiss to her cheek before exiting.  He didn't look back.  There was nothing in this room he wanted to take with him.***The ride to Steve's place in Brooklyn (of course he'd settled back in Brooklyn, Bucky thought – the stubborn, loyal idiot probably still rooted for the Dodgers, even though they'd flown the coop to L.A. almost sixty years ago) was by turns the shortest and longest trip of Bucky's life.  He gazed out of the window at the streets, making note of the changes time had wrought.  Crowds of people still bustled along busy sidewalks, taxis still honked and swerved through traffic like they all had a death wish, and the energy pulsing from every corner was still exactly the same.  Only the buildings seemed to have changed.Last time he'd been in New York, he hadn't even known why he was there.  He just remembered having an ephemeral feeling he couldn't shake, compelling him north, a homing beacon he co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hand Jobs
Reunion Sex
Bucky Barnes Feels
World's Angstiest Blowjob (but it's alright in the end)
Comics/Movie Crossover
Kinda
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
POV Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

