Chapter 1: James
    




Chapter Text
James woke up choking and gasping for air, heart thundering away in his chest. In the last couple of weeks nightmares had plagued him nearly every night. Dr Flores said it was to be expected as he recovered more and more of his memories both from the time before (his life as Bucky) and from his time as the Winter Soldier. At first, when he thought about it, it was like he was simply recounting events in someone else’s life – like a movie he’d seen. It had been terrible to know the things he had done (been forced to do), but it hadn’t had much emotional impact. Now, however, every new memory came with feeling – guilt, pain, horror, despair, anger and fear. Now it wasn’t just a movie; it was himself, all emotions unlocked and overflowing.There were times James was glad for it, as it made him feel human again – a person, not Hydra’s weapon. Yet at night, when his mind was filled with images of pain and suffering, he wasn’t so grateful. Dr Flores just kept telling him that it was a good thing and that the immediacy of the feelings would fade with time and that the pain would lessen (and a part of him wondered if he even deserved that, after all the hurt he’d caused others.)“One day at a time, James,” Dr Flores said at the end of every session.To help deal with it, Dr Flores had recommended James keep a dream diary; he was to write down what he remembered from the dreams (nightmares) and all feelings they evoked. Then later he could discuss them with Dr Flores if he wanted to. While James had been skeptical at first, he had to admit that it seemed to help. At the very least, it was something to do rather than pace in frustration, unable (and unwilling) to go back to sleep.Tonight he dreamt of the Starks’ murder, as he’d done many times before. In Siberia, when he and Steve had fought Stark, James had said he’d remembered all his kills, though that hadn’t been completely true. He remembered it in flashes, mostly when something triggered the memories (like the video had done), but not in the visceral way he had recently begun to remember things. At the time, he had watched himself murder a man he had known and hadn’t been able to feel anything. When he looked back now, all he could remember feeling during the whole “Civil War” was confusion and fear. None of that should have happened, but the fight in Siberia was the thing Bucky was most ashamed of. He had been, arguably, in his right mind (that was, not under Hydra’s direct control) and at the time he’d thrown the first punch, he had not been in immediate danger (nor had Steve for that matter). Also, unlike in Bucharest, when unknown agents had invaded his apartment to capture him for something he’d had no knowledge of (he had thought they might have been Hydra), in Siberia he didn’t even have that excuse. He knew exactly why Stark was fighting, why he’d targeted both James and Steve (god, how could Steve have kept such a secret from the man?) and James knew he’d been more than justified. If, at that moment, Stark had really wanted to kill them both, James would not have been able to say it was unwarranted. Yet Stark didn’t kill them. James was now aware of the capabilities of the Iron Man suit so he knew that Stark had had all means at his disposal to win that fight. He’d apparently said so in the trial – that if he’d really wanted them dead they would be – and it was true.It filled James with a mixture of shame and anger to remember that fight. He wished, more than anything, that that hadn’t happened. Because at that moment he had abandoned his humanity, his decency, to be a monster – someone who watched another human being in pain, having been the one to cause that pain, and instead of acting with compassion, turned to violence. There was no war, no threat, no misunderstanding or mind control. There was only James, incapable of doing the right thing when he could – should – have.Still, it hadn’t been only him in that bunker. Steve (and Zemo) had contributed to that. It was hard to reconcile the Steve from his memories of before with the Steve who lied and attacked a friend for selfish reasons.Whenever Siberia entered his dreams, James wondered how things could have gone so wrong. And, perhaps most of all, he wondered how he could ever hope to make up for all he’d done. He had written several apology letters to Tony Stark in the last couple of months, yet none of them felt sufficient. How could anyone possibly apologize for something like that? Would Stark even give a crap about it? Was this apology for Stark or for James himself? Was it to ease his own guilty conscience or to do something for Stark, however small it might be? James didn’t know – which was why he kept writing, and why he had yet to send anything.The truth was that there was nothing he could do to make any of it better. He could apologize on bended knee for the rest of time and it would make no difference. The Starks (and others) would still be dead and thei
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Team Cap is full of shit
Bucky isn't that bad
But he still has to deal with consequences
actions have consequences

fandom: 
None
