Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I thought we were going to go on a mission.” Peter tried not to whine, but couldn’t hide his pout as he held up his Stark phone. “I know, I’m sorry buddy, but I really need to do this press conference. They’ve been calling the office about interviews with the newest Avenger, non-stop and Peppers sick of it.”Peter sighed. “I could just do the interview.”Tony shook his head. “No, we talked about this. I don’t want you anywhere near them; they’re vultures and they twist peoples words. I’ll be back this afternoon, and we can go on a mission tomorrow.”Peter nodded, looking down at his shoes, instead of the screen, but Tony’s soft voice made him look up. “Hey, I really am sorry. I really wanted to go on this mission with you. But, I’m not ditching, it’s just postponed. And I promise I’ll bring you and Brucie pizza when I get back.”A smile crept onto Peters face. “Pizza? What kind?”Tony smiled. “Any kind you want. You can have five, so choose whatever toppings you like. And ask Bruce if he needs anything and I’ll get it on the way back.”Peter walked into the lab, and pointed the phone towards the scientist. “Bruce, Tony wants to know if you need anything.”The man looked up, peering over his glasses. “Just some more coffee. I think this is going to take a while to formulate.”Tony nodded. “You got it, and I’ll get some of those donuts you like too. Thanks for babysitting, I appreciate it.”Peter frowned again. “Hey! I’m not a baby, and I don’t need a babysitter. Me and Bruce are hanging out.” Tony laughed at Peters offense, and waved to the screen. “Sorry, Spiderling. I’ll see you two later.”“Bye!” Peter hung up, and slipped the phone back in his pocket, before leaning on the bench that Bruce was working on. “What are you doing?”The scientist didn't look up from his work, as he switched a slide in the microscope. “I’m trying to find out more about how your cells replicate, and how your body processes toxins, so that I can find a painkiller that you won’t burn through so quickly. At the moment, when you get hurt, we just pump you full of as much morphine as we can without you overdosing; which is a lot. So, we need a better solution.”Peter bounced on his toes, watching Bruce adjust the microscope. “Can I help?”Bruce smiled, and pointed to a shelf on the other side of the room. “Sure, hand me a new set of slides. They’re in the cupboard over there.”Peter went to do as he was asked, almost to the cupboard, when his spider senses spiked, and he shivered all over. Goosebumps rose across his skin, and he knew they were in danger. Bruce watched him, and frowned, concerned. “Everything okay?”Peter quickly shook his head, rubbing his hands over his arms. His heart was pounding, and he felt as if he couldn’t breathe. “Somethings wrong, but I can’t tell where it is. It just feels like its coming from everywhere.”Then it started. First came the sound; Peter could hear it before Bruce did, and sprinted out into the hallway and to the lounge, to peer out the huge windows, as alarms began to blare through every room.There was an impressive explosive display, as some new villain began firing missiles at the tower. Tony had, of course, made his tower more than missile proof, seeing as it housed The Hulk, and they did nothing but explode against the side of the building. But it made the whole place shake, and tremble, and Peter felt the vibrations in his bones. He heard Bruce groan, heart thumping in fear as he ran back to the lab to let him know what was happening. “Someone's attacking the building. They have missiles and rockets and stuff. Friday will have already called Tony, but I think I should go out and help stop him.”Bruce didn’t look at him, didn't even turn around; and Peter realised that every muscle in Bruce's body was locked up tight, his shoulders shaking where he curled into himself. “Bruce? Are you okay?”Another missile hit the side of the tower, and Peter watched him, as they rode out the shaking, but something was really wrong with the scientist. His hands were clamped onto the table, but they were changing, getting stronger, and soon the metal was crumpling under his grip. “Bruce?” Peters voice trembled, as he called out again,and he watched green begin to seep through Bruce's skin.The Avenger grunted, with the effort it took for him to gain control, and Peter felt his panic grow as Bruce let out a very hulk-like roar. “No. Stay back. I’m in control.”Peter wasn’t sure if he was talking to him or the Hulk, but it didn’t seem to be working very well. The ground rocked harder, and Bruce lost his hold, green creeping up his arm, and becoming so strong the table crumpled under his weight. Peter let out a cry in fright, jumping backwards. Bruce groaned, his voice deepening and growing louder, until it was a booming growl. “Peter get out of here! Friday shut it down!”At his command, Friday sounded new alarms, red lights flashing; and the building began to carry out the prepared protocol.The wind
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Peter Parker & Avengers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Guilt
Angst
Sad
Intense
Injury
Whump
Hurt Peter
Protective Tony
Worried Tony
Crying
dad tony
Avenger family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Peter Parker & Avengers

