Work Text:
Howard Stark is  desperate.He’ll never admit it, refuses to let it show even the slightest bit because he’s a  man, a  Stark  man at that, and he’s made of  iron.Like his father and grandfather before him.That doesn’t change the fact that the war effort is …  precarious at best.And the project that Howard has thrown his lot into, has hitched the rising star of Stark Industries to, is even more so. Project Rebirth, as Erskine and the brass have taken to calling it, has, to Howard’s barely banked down horror, been a rousing  failure  so far.Erskine has rejected applicants left, right, and center for months now and then the one he’d finally been browbeat into accepting, a private named Hodge, had died halfway through the vita ray application.At the rate it’s going Rebirth is going to be scrapped and Howard’s reputation is going to take a  massive hit.And even if he is making money hand over fist thanks to the war, that’s a hit his reputation and company can sorely afford.  Not if he wants to stay one step ahead of the competition.  Not if he wants to stay in the thick of things when it comes to the war.But, again, Howard is iron to the core and panic is the failing of lesser men.Stark men don’t lose themselves to things like fear if they end up trapped somehow.No, like Howard’s father had always told him, Stark men create their own way forward.They  take the initiative.So that’s exactly what Howard intends to do.~~~Howard is  terrified.And for once he’s not ashamed to admit it.Anyone, no matter how brave they  think they are, would be petrified if they were in his position.His wrist  aches  and he’s dizzy from blood loss but all of that pales in comparison to the all consuming  terror that’s eating away at him.There’s movement from the other side of the fire, just past the glow of its light and towards the center of the summoning circle he’d etched out.  Something,  two somethings, large writh and spread in the shadows.For a split second he sees two distinct silhouettes, sees what looks like pairs of blue flames, sees something that looks like golden fire.  Just that, just those tiny impressions, are enough to make his brain  ache.Howard, a hundred ancient texts and warnings running through his mind all at once, clenches his eyes tightly shut.  He forces himself to stay still and silent as he tries his best to breathe through the  agony  of seeing even a  hint of something his mind can’t truly comprehend.“Been a long time,” a voice, deep and raspy, speaks up then, “since we last tasted this plane.”“An  age,” another voice, lighter with just a hint of sibilant kind of hiss to it, agrees, “and yet it still tastes like blood and death.  Like  war.”“Humans,” that first voice sounds almost amused, almost  fond  then, “always fighting.  Always warring.  Always  dying.”“Always desperate,” the second voice agrees.  “Desperate enough to summon, desperate enough to try and  bargain.”Howard’s breath comes in harsh pants, sweat beading on his brow, turning his palms slick and his skin clammy.But he keeps his eyes closed because he’s already come this far.  Already done the research, already done the work and the bleeding.  He’s not about to stop now.  Not when there’s so much at stake and a solution is  right there.“I-I,” Howard clears his throat shakily and does his best to remember that until the bargain’s struck they’re trapped in the summoning circle and that means he’s  safe.  And afterwards they won’t target him because he’ll hold their contract.  “I summoned you for a reason.”“We know why you’ve called us,” the voices sound together when they interrupt him, a strange sort of echoing rumble that he feels in his  bones.  “You want us to fight in your war, Howard Stark.  You want us to  win  it for you.  And we can, we  will.  It will be  easy  for us.  All it will take is the right kind of  twist to put us into play and you’ll have what you want.  For the right price of course.  So the real question is, are you willing to pay it?”“What kind of price?”  Howard’s frightened but he’s not stupid.  He’s a better businessman than to agree to something without hearing the finer details first.  Especially not from …  them.“Your child.”Howard’s heart skips a beat.“I-I don’t have any children.”  Howard forces the words out.  It’s the truth too.  He doesn’t have any kids, doesn’t even have a wife or any desire to find one.“You will,” they say, voices certain and almost amused.  “We know your beginning, your middle, your eventual end.  You will have a child and in exchange for our aid that child will belong to  us.”The implications of what they’re saying makes Howard even more lightheaded than before.“Deal.”  Howard says with no hesitation.What’s one child, a child he doesn’t even have yet, against the war?  What’s one kid worth when weighed against everything he’s built, against everything he and the world stands to lose if this war doesn’t end the way it needs to?  Against everything he’ll build when the war is final
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Sex
Smut
Possessive Behavior
Dom/sub Undertones
Demon Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe of an Alternate Universe
Demon Steve Rogers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Porn
Howard made a deal with two demons
Guess who's going to pay the price for it?
Mildly Dubious Consent
Toni wants it
But she's not aware of exactly what she's getting into
Vaginal Fingering
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Threesome -M/F/M
Just roll with it guys
Biting

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

