Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


October 18, 2010


Dear Mister Tony Stark,
Hello, my name is Peter Parker, and I'm almost ten years old. I hope you can read my letter okay and that there aren't too many things I spelled wrong. This is my third time trying, because the first one was really dumb and the second one had a lot of mistakes, so my mom corrected it. She's pretty cool, and I love her a lot because she always helps me. That part isn't sposed to be there, so please ignore it. I am writing to you because I am your biggest fan! I read about you all the time, except my mom doesn't let me see some stuff because she says that it's adult things, but I don't get it. But I have posters and stuff, and my dad bought me some of the technicle drawings of Stark Industries desines that were signed by you. You are very smart and you wear really cool sunglasses. Someday I want some just like them, because then I will look more like you.
You are probly the smartest person in the whole world, which is probly saying a lot because the world has lots of people and some of them are pretty smart. But I think you have them all beat, because you desine things that are very important and easy to use. Plus you also desine weapons to keep people safe. My dad is a soldier, and he says that your guns are the best because they don't jam up like some of the other guns do. He hates the things Justin Hammer desines the most, which is good because I don't like him. He isn't as smart as you and he looks dumb in the sunglasses he wears.
Mom says I'm not being nice, but I'm just being honest, so I don't think that's bad.
Someday I want to work at Stark Industries to make things with you, but not guns. I would rather make things like phones, because phones are the coolest. My mom has a phone desined by you, and it runs games the best. Better than her old phone. I would also like to help you desine more things to help people. There is a girl in my class who is missing one of her legs, which is sad. But I bet you could desine her a really cool replacement one. I tried to think one up by myself, but I think you could do it better. To help you come up with ideas, I put a copy of my desine in with this letter. I signed it so when I come work with you then you'll remember me.
The kids in my school make fun of me when I talk about you, but that's because they don't know how cool and how smart you are. Next year my mom says I might be able to go to a different school, one where the kids are more intrested in science and math. I think I'll like that better because then other kids won't tease me for liking them. It's called Midtown School of Science and Technology - how cool is that? I have to take some tests and stuff, and I hope I do good because I think you would like to hire someone who went to a school like that.
I also wanted to say that I hope you have fun at the Stark Expo. I wanted to go, but my mom didn't get tickets in time. She said they were gone in a flash, but I know she tried because she's a really good mom. She promised we would watch it on tv and the internet together, so it will be almost as good as if I could go. I know you'll have a lot of new, cool desines to show, and I really hope you have fun because it looks like it would be a lot of fun to be there.
You probly get a lot of letters, Mister Stark, so it's okay if you don't answer this one. My mom won't tell me a lot, but she says you are having a very hard time, and I wanted you to know that there are people who like you very much. I hope you feel better, and that things aren't hard forever. I really am your #1 fan, and someday I will get to meet you and tell you that in person.
Your future employee,
Peter Parker
PS - If you do write me back, please tell me what you think of my desine for a leg for my friend.
PPS - You are the best Mister Stark even if not everybody knows it. I want to be just like you when I get old.

~.~.~


October 24, 2010


Mister Peter Parker -
I'm going to stick with Peter from now on, without the 'mister' or the 'Parker', even if 'Peter Parker' has a nice ring to it. Thanks a lot for your letter, kid. There weren't very many mistakes at all, and I could read it just fine. Your mom does sound pretty cool, and she's right - some things that get written and said about me are only for grown-up ears. Being almost ten means you aren't a baby but you aren't ready to venture out into the big bad world of negative press.
My sunglasses are awesome, aren't they? If you want to wear ones like them when you're older, you're going to have to get a killer job - they aren't cheap. Lucky for you, Stark Industries pays pretty damn really well, so if you get a job working with me you'll be able to afford them. Almost ten year olds usually aren't so lucky, so I sent you an 'Awesome Sunglasses' starter kit that should have gotten there with this letter. It might lag behind a little bit since the post of
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Letters
Fluff and Angst
Minor Character Death
Happy Ending
Growing Up
Life is hard
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony Stark
Becoming a dad
How Do I Tag
Implied/Referenced Torture
Teenage Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

