Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve wants to feel embarrassed, really he does.Realistically, he knows he should be hiding in bed ashamed, commiserating as Bucky laughs at his cries. He should be thinking about how to do damage control on the whole "Steve is a big slut" bombshell he and Bucky dropped last night. He shouldn't be running around the tower looking for his friends so that he can laugh at their expressions once they see him. He especially shouldn't ask JARVIS to send him their reactions so he can show Bucky later.But then again, Steve should be dead by all rights and purposes, so who's to say what's right and wrong? If Steve wants to mess with his friends, then that is something he thinks he's earned after years of hearing virgin jokes made at his expense.Nothing - and Steve has at least two lifetimes of experiences to call back on, so he really means nothing - has proven funnier than Clint not being able to look Steve in the eye. Any time they're in the same room, he uses any means necessary to leave as quickly as possible. Steve only smiles kindly at him every time they end up together which makes Clint even more flustered.Clint can't even be properly angry at Steve for tracking him down all around the tower like they're playing a giant game of hide and seek because first of all, it’s pretty hilarious. Second of all, every time he looks at Steve to yell at him, he just remembers all the kinky shit Steve admitted to the night before and has to leave immediately before his brain starts playing the Steve Rogers Sex Tape Extravaganza and he sees things he never ever wanted to see."You could at least pretend to be uncomfortable about all of this," Clint groans as he rushes towards wherever the fuck Nat is."Oh, but where's the fun in that?" Steve calls back, his voice carrying, along with his laughter as Clint flips him off and runs away. He wants to tell Clint that Natasha would be less than sympathetic to his woes, but hey. Steve can’t do everything around here.Steve continues on to the elevator, chuckling softly at the horrified look on Clint’s face. Although it was nearly torture to leave bed - and Bucky - this morning, there was no way he was going to miss even a second of everyone else's discomfort. Hell, he practically skipped on his way out the door this morning. Granted, Bucky said he looked like a fuckin' tool, Jesus Stevie, but Steve doesn't even mind.He's in too good of a mood to care. His friends from last night are freaking out just like he expected them too, but innocent employees that watch their meltdowns have no clue what’s going on. It’s amazing.Steve is lost in his thoughts as he heads to the gym, already imagining Bucky's face when Steve tells him about how weird Clint has been. He sighs happily as he pulls out his phone to send Bucky a quick text. He's halfway through his message when he moves to open the door and realizes that there is nothing there.He looks up a second too late and stumbles over air, his feet tripping over nothing. Fortunately, Steve happens to bump into Thor, quite literally, who already has the door held open for Steve and thus doesn't have to worry about falling flat on his face. Unfortunately, and typically for someone with luck like Steve, tripping and landing onto Thor means he's got a hand full of sweaty, glorious looking tits. Tits that are attached to an equally sweaty, glorious looking man that seems very amused about the situation he's in.Because of fucking course Thor doesn’t wear a shirt when he works out. Why should he? It’s not like Steve’s dying internally or anything right now.Steve tries to laugh his way out of this awkward situation, but the noise dies in his throat as he gets a good look at Thor, up close and personal. Thor raises an eyebrow and Steve realizes that he is, indeed, still draped across Thor with his hands cupped around his chest. He quickly scrambles in his haste to stop accidentally sexually harassing his friend and almost falls once again, this time flat on his ass.God. How Steve ever manages to get out of bed and speak to other human beings is truly a mystery.Thor steps in and steadies Steve again, saving him yet again, but this time he steps back once Steve is on two feet again. Steve thankfully has a moment to situate himself far away from Thor's slammin' rack.Steve wants to run away, but he feels like he's gone too far to run away now without looking like a coward. Hell, he practically just went to second base with Thor in the doorway of the gym. He can't pretend like this isn't extremely awkward, so he tries to push his way through it and make it out the other end of this god-awful encounter alive."Hey, Thor. Good to see you this morning," Steve chokes out.
Smooth, Rogers.
"Hello," Thor grins, his face lighting up as if he didn't just get fondled by his team captain. "Looking for a partner?"Steve, who hasn't been able to look Thor in the eye and has instead fixated on a bead of sweat nestled in Thor's cleavage, looks up qui
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Threesome - M/M/M
Double Anal Penetration
Nipple Play
Rough Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
Deepthroating
Anal Gaping
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Resolved Sexual Tension
Rough Sex

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor

