Chapter 1: What Happened in Manhattan?
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Peter smiled as he swung from building to building. It was still a new development, as he had gotten his powers only a few months ago.
 
He usually stayed around home, but today he felt like exploring more. He was making his way towards Manhattan, keeping his eye out for any small crimes he could stop. As he approached the city, however, he began to feel tired. He blinked, trying to shake the feeling off as he continued, pausing when he noticed everyone in the city was asleep. Cars were stalled, and there were people curled up on the ground.
 
He only had enough time to wonder what was going on, before he collapsed on the top of the building he had been standing on, falling asleep.
 
Percy held on tightly as he was being flown across the city, the flying pig squealing as it flew. He frowned as he noticed a figure dressed in blue and red, something about it seeming familiar, but had no time to think about it as they approached the statues he needed to activate. 
He smiled triumphantly as the statues came to life, attacking the flying pig, and he dropped, Blackjack catching him.
 
It was a small victory in the scheme of things, as the battle was still ongoing. Percy sighed, heart heavy as he directed the pegasus to where he wanted to be dropped off.
 
It was going to be a long day.
 
Peter groaned as he woke up, the city coming to life as well. Confused voices hit his ears, and he was able to pick out certain conversations. 
“What happened?”
 
“What the-?”
 
“Did I just lose a few 

days

 of my life?”

 

Peter glanced down, taking in the chaos. There were statues in headlocks, and in places they shouldn’t be. As well, a helicopter was parked in front of a building, the pilot looking confused. Peter stared at it, taking in the logo on the side. 

Dare Enterprises. 


 

He had heard about the company. It was well-known, and there were a few buildings near his home that had been constructed by the company.

 


What was that doing here? 

He wondered. Peter made his way down the side of the building, sneaking through alleyways until he could get close enough to the helicopter to hear the pilot calling someone.

 

“Where’s my daughter, Jones?” The voice came from the other end of the line, and Peter was glad at that moment that he had super hearing.

 

“I- I dunno,” the man, now identified as Jones, replied, hanging his head in shame. 

 

“What happened?” the voice was angry, cold.

 

“One minute I was flying. I heard Ms. Dare scream, then everything went dark. I just woke up, a day later, somehow on the ground. But she was gone.”
 
“You better find her.” That was the last thing the voice said before the call ended. The pilot looked terrified.

 

“Gotta find her, gotta find her,” he muttered to himself.

 

Peter tilted his head. Did he have time to see if he could help finding the missing girl? He checked his watch, deciding that he could spare a couple hours before he had to head back home. May had been away for a few days, believing he would be at Ned’s, playing with legos and video games since school hadn’t started back up yet. She wouldn’t be super concerned that he didn’t check in yesterday.

 

And wow. How did he miss a day of his life? How long had traffic been stalled before he arrived?

 

He didn’t know where to start, however. He wished he could access the cameras he knew were there, but didn’t have any access to a computer. Peter knew they were fairly restricted, but he was well versed in computers, so it wouldn’t take him too long.

 

Looking around, he spotted a library. He hesitated; he was still in his suit and didn’t have anything to change into, but he pushed his worries aside. There was a girl missing. He had to help.

 

Sighing, he made his way down the building, ducking into the library. He was relieved when hardly anyone looked at him, too concerned about what had happened.

 

Peter quickly logged into the computer, his library card number luckily memorized, fingers typing furiously. He would be lying if he said he hadn’t hacked the cameras before. They were helpful when he was trying to track a criminal. This time, however, it was different. Mumbling under his breath, Peter searched for a picture of the girl he was looking for.
 
Rachel Elizabeth Dare. She was about two years older than him. Her green eyes seemed to stare into his soul through the monitor, like she could see things he could only dream of. Her red hair was pulled onto the top of her head, a few curls escaping. Her face was covered in freckles, and the shirt she was wearing was covered in paint.

 

“Okay,” Peter murmured. Now that he knew who he was looking for, he started checking the camera feeds. It took about ten minutes until he spotted her.

 

She was arguing with a boy who looked like he was Peter’s age. The boy had an angry glare and scowl on his face, hands gesturing wild
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
(Minor)
(background)
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker
(platonic)

freeform: 
Mentions of PTSD
Anxiety
Nightmares
Crossover
They both live in new york
Friendship
canon to the books
adjusted time line for the movie
mentions of infinity war
The Incident
Swordfighting
quick reflexes
Science Bros
godly dna is new to tony stark
Trust
percy and peter were/are just kids
they grew up too fast
Opening Up
Therapy
Counseling
the boys team up
Identity Reveal
i created my own timeline
Minor Character Death
Emotional Support Dogs
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
dad tony stark
Percy Jackson Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark's Collection of New York Teens

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
(Minor)
(background)
Percy Jackson & Peter Parker
(platonic)

