Chapter 1: New Beginnings
    




Chapter Text
Steve sighed as his mom pulled up to the front of the school. Summer break was officially over. The end of freedom from this special hell called school. It was never long enough. Even worse, Bucky had left for college a week ago. The only person who ever stood up for him at this school, who made him effectively off-limits since he had been the captain of the football team. Bullies never stuck around long when Bucky was around. No such luck, now. He sighed again.
“Now Steve,” his mother chided. “It’s not going to be that bad. Just because Bucky’s off at college doesn’t mean that it’s going to be terrible.”
Sarah Rogers was beautiful, even in her middle age. Many people remarked how similar he was to her. Usually before saying he looked so little like his father. His hair and eyes both came from her. But Steve had been a fragile child and it had stunted his growth when he hit puberty. While nearly every other boy, including his best friend, Bucky, had grown exponentially when they reached puberty, Steve had been a late bloomer and when he had finally started growing, he came up short. Literally. Many of the guys, if not most, seemed to be taller than him by a head..
“Easy for you to say,” he replied. “You aren’t the smallest person in school.”
“You’re going to make this into a self-fulfilling prophecy, you know,” she said, pulling into the parking lot. “Be positive. You might be surprised.”
“If I am, you’ll be the first to know,” Steve said. He stepped out of the car and pulled his backpack up over his shoulder. “Love you.”
His mother echoed him. He trudged up to the glass doors to begin what was sure to be a long, long year until graduation. Right, be positive, Steve.
He had no sooner walked through the front doors and turned right down the Languages hall to get to his first period than his favorite oppressors noticed his presence. He groaned internally.  But he’d be damned before he backed down just because guys twice his size thought they could push him around. He mentally braced himself, and kept walking, not moving out of the way or trying to avoid them. They sauntered up in that powerful, hyper-masculine way that seemed to define pretty much everyone on a sports team in high school. 
“Hey, Mr. Rogers,” one of them jeered. His uniform said “Hodge” Gilmore Hodge. He was part of the defensive line. He was good at it, too, from what people said. Unfortunately, that meant he was a wall of muscle that enjoyed running over Steve in his spare time. He was a head taller than Steve, and he had cruel, cold brown eyes. He had the tanned complexion of someone who spent a lot of time in the sun and close cut dirty blonde hair. The names of his bullies were usually pretty easy to learn, since they strutted around the school with them advertised on their chests. “Where’s your Prince Charming?”
Steve set his jaw but didn’t respond. Don’t reply. Don’t encourage them. His heart rate sped up. It was a struggle to keep his steps even and measured, to not turn and run. But he never ran.
“Hey, I’m talking to you, punk,” he said, shoving him back. One of his cronies grabbed his backpack and upended it, spilling his supplies out onto the ground. 
“Hey, stop!” he protested. He tried shoving at his attackers, to no avail. 
“Look at that,” Hodge jeered. “The runt thinks he can put up a fight.” 
Another one of his cronies laughed cruelly before he punched him in the stomach. Steve gasped as the air was knocked out of him. He collapsed to the ground and the jocks laughed above him. He drew in a ragged breath and staggered to his feet. The guy on his left slammed a knee into his stomach and he fell back down. He groaned in pain. Above him he heard a locker opening. 
Great, he thought. He staggered to his feet again. Well, I might be small, but I’m not going down without a fight. 
“Still up for more, runt?” Hodge jeered.
“I can do this all day,” Steve said with a grin. He formed his hands into fists and held them up level to his head. Probably not his brightest idea. But he was never going to let them win.
Hodge and his goons laughed. “That can be arranged.”
Just then someone was in front of him, shoving him back. He had no idea who this was, but it seemed to be another wall of muscle. He had ridiculously long, blonde hair, though, and he was even taller than Hodge and his goons. He got to his feet and tried to get out of the way, to catch his breath, something. He looked up to see what was happening. The new comer also wore a football jersey. Odinson. Whoever he was, he knew what he was doing and he gave as good as he got. Behind them a ring of students had already formed, chanting and cheering as the fight raged on. One of the bullies was already running away. Odinson punched another in the face and there was an immensely satisfying crack as his nose was broken. But almost as soon as the mystery man showed up, so did George Washington High School’s chronically late teachers to break up 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Alternate Universe - High School
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Football
Coming Out
Consent
Consent is Sexy
Considerate Thor
Insecure Steve Rogers
chaotic loki
Because of course he is
Bullying
Homophobia
Awkward Steve Rogers is awkward
Thundershield - Freeform
Mutual Pining
Friends to Lovers
Mentions of past abuse
Mental Health Issues
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Paganism
smut in later chapters
Frottage
Mutual Masturbation
Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Anal Sex
Body Worship
Shower Sex
Overstimulation
Top Thor (Marvel)
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Thor (Marvel)
Making Love
Loss of Virginity
Panic Attacks
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Tags May Change
Hospitalization
Hurt/Comfort
Comfort Sex
Loud Sex
Wordcount: Over 200.000
Polyamory
Polyamory Negotiations
Jealousy
Angry Sex
Making Up
Threesome - M/M/M
Wake-Up Sex
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Thor
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Loki/Tony Stark

