Chapter 1: Realizations
    




Chapter Text
“Look alive people, I have a guest coming to stay with me. Introductions during lunch later,” announced Tony as he walked into the communal kitchen at the Avengers Tower. He grabbed a muffin from the counter and munched on it all the while looking at his phone. He was dressed sharply in a tailored blue suit, his red shades pushed into messily styled hair.Steve looked up from his place at the stove as he flipped another pancake off the pan. “Who is it Tony? Do they even have clearance to be here?” he asked as he turned off the stove and crossed his arms over his chest. He took in Tony’s figure as the man flitted through the room in a hyper buzz of energy. Tony had the most alarmingly beautiful smile on his face as he read whatever was on his phone. Steve really wanted to know who put that kind of expression on Tony’s face and was slightly jealous that Tony never looked at him that way.“Later, kids,” said Tony, completely ignoring Steve’s questions as he walked into the elevator.“Did he just ignore me?” asked Steve incredulously to the rest of the team. Clint just took another swig of his juice before answering.“Seemed that way - looked pretty distracted.”“And he’s dressed a little too well for a board meeting or the workshop,” added Natasha as she finished off her oatmeal.“I’m more concerned with the fact that he grabbed a muffin instead of coffee,” wryly commented Bruce Banner as he took another bite of the pancakes Steve had made earlier.Steve just looked at the closed elevator door with a furrow between his eyebrows. “Do you think we should call Thor? Tony did say he wanted us to meet someone.” Steve had his mind running wildly trying to think who would be so important to Tony that he would want them to meet the team. As far as he and the rest of the Avengers were aware Tony’s only friends were Pepper, Rhodey, and his driver Happy. The thought that Tony had another person in his life that none of them knew about made something twist unpleasantly inside Steve.“I’m sure if Tony wanted Thor here he would have called him himself,” said Clint as he got up. “Ready for our workout?” he asked as he turned to Natasha. She looked at him as if he was an idiot.“I’m always ready,” was her haughty but playful answer. “Just don’t puke like last time.”“Oh my god, Nat! That was one time! Can’t you let it go!?” jokingly yelled Clint as he followed Natasha to the elevator.“Never,” teased the redhead as the doors closed.“You alright, Steve?” asked Banner as he tucked into his tea, his tablet forgotten by his elbow.Steve looked over at the scientist, not really sure how he was feeling. “Yeah, I’m okay,” he answered as he turned around and placed the finished pancakes on his plate and went to sit at the dining table.“If you’re sure,” said Banner as he took his mug in hand. “I’ll be in the lab if you need me.”“Alright, see you at lunch I guess,” responded Steve absently.+++Once he finished his breakfast Steve was loathed to do anything. They had a mission just a few days ago and although this body had already recovered he wasn’t really in the mood to do anything physical. With that thought in mind he went back to his room and grabbed his sketchbook. He made his way to the large window that overlooked the city and started a light sketch, letting his mind wander.It had been close to a year since the fight against Loki that brought the team together. Before he left on his impromptu cross-country road trip Tony had given him a new cell phone and claimed that he blocked the GPS signal that would have normally allowed SHIELD to track him. During his travels he and Tony had texted back and forth, bantering in their downtime. Sometimes Steve would send Tony a picture of the place he was at and Tony would respond by sending pictures of New York and any inventions that he had created.Slowly Steve found himself falling in love with the genius. It was gradual and he didn’t even notice it happening. It wasn’t until he finally laid his eyes on Tony once he was back in New York that it hit Steve.Tony looked a little worse for wear, probably wasn’t sleeping as much as he should have, but he still looked gorgeous and happy when he met with Steve. They made time to go around New York at least a few times a month and Steve had started to think of their outings as dates. Tony would take the time to acclimatize Steve to whatever the new decade had to offer while Steve would point out where old businesses were back at his time.He fought with himself constantly. He always wanted to reach over and grasp the genius’ hand or give him a hug, but Tony wasn’t really into physical contact. Steve also wasn’t sure if Tony felt the same way and so hadn’t made a move on him. He knew most of Tony’s past from a brief Google search as Tony had taught him how to do. Most of the people Tony had been involved in seemed to be gorgeous women and so Steve didn’t even know if Tony would be amenable into dating a man.Steve rele
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Established Relationship
Jealousy
POV Multiple
Vibrators
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Rough Kissing
Kissing
Pining
Blow Jobs
Male Slash
Anal Sex
Sex
Sex Toys
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

