Work Text:
 Sometimes, Tony dreams of ash and dust. Of infinite skies and dying worlds. The feel of leather on his skin, the brush of metal on his fingers. Sometimes he see’s cruel smiles, a feral glint; the smell of cigars that burn his throat.
Recently, he dreams of yellow and blue. A shining light, luminous and uplifting. Flashes of colour on a canvas of sand and death that paint the pain away. Long and languorous, the strokes of light will chase away the shadows.

Now, he awakes to Steve. Or to the indentation where his body usually lies. He likes to jog, rises at 5am, out by half-past, back by 7am. At which point he will shower. If it’s the weekend, he’ll make breakfast for Tony (two eggs, two toast, one glass of orange juice, 252ml, freshly squeezed) and they’ll eat in bed, laughing, talking, planning and other things, too, if the day is empty.

He awakes to the feeling of something better. Of hope. He awakes happy.

It doesn’t take much to bring the memories hurtling back.

The scent of cigar smoke. A sentence, spoken in an unusual inflection. A certain date. The smell of his cologne, his old spice that Steve no longer wears after one particular incident. Mostly, he’ll blank out, just for a moment. He’ll remember and then force himself forward, grin, and continue. He might be more reserved for the rest of the day but then Steve will hold him close and he’ll feel himself relax. Breathe both deeply and freely.

He carries with him a feeling of warmth that he’s never really known. It pains him often that this could have been his, years ago, maybe not with Steve but another dom, another who would hold him tight, make him breakfast, challenge to a battle of wits during the day and dominance in the night. Who could have given him what he wanted. And that instead he wasted decades with a man who held him in contempt, whose favourite past-time was making him feel as low as he could, building him high and then ripping the structure out from beneath him. A sadist, whose only real pleasure derived from making Tony hurt.

He has the chance to change that now. For what remains of his life he can have a little taste of happiness. He deserves it, probably. Steve seems to think so and that’s good enough for him.
 
  
He’s working in his garage, he has the plans for the world’s first arc-powered helicarrier on his screen. He has a countdown in his head, almost automatic, going down in the seconds it will take Steve to walk through his door and bring him up for air. It’s harder to stop the numbers when he’s down here, his mind is practically conditioned for it. 106 seconds until Steve opens the door, 367 until he leaves, defeated, and then another 18,236 seconds until Steve says ‘enough is enough’ and drags him bodily from the garage. Wait, he needs to take into account one hour (3600 seconds, give or take a few) for any outlying variables (phone call, sparring match, burnt dinner etc.) so that would make —

Oh.

He remembers with a sudden jolt, like a shock, that Steve in Washington tonight. And that he will be in Washington for the next two nights. Of course he will. So.

Tony turns back to the screen, submits the design for the first of what will be many needed approvals. Then he makes some coffee. Drinks it. Closes his eyes for a moment, tries to slow the numbers that have stopped counting down and are now counting up, up, up, till the moment in two days time that Steve will walk through that door.

Tony feels a shiver roll down his spine. He taps at his keyboard, surfs the net, watches TV from his chair. Some hours pass.

The nagging feeling won’t leave so he does some press-ups. Maybe he should eat something. He decides to call Steve instead.

He’s unreasonably anxious as the phone rings, he can’t stop drilling his fingers against the smooth glass top of his desk.

“Hello?”

“Steve!”

“Tony? Tony, hi, how’re you doing?” Steve is cheerful, his tone relaxed, calm. It goes some way to quenching the fires of worry in his gut.

“No, no, I’m fine, just calling. You know. Checking up on you.”

“Jesus, Tony, you would not believe the day I’ve had, these idiots I swear…”

And so he launches into a story that Tony doesn’t really listen to, just says ‘mmm’ and ‘yeah’ in all the right places and focuses on the lilt of his voice, the cadences of his accent. It washes over him, gives him a tight feeling of security that burrows into his bones, warms his heart. It loosens the knot around his chest and he can stop counting.

“…And make sure you’re eating. And sleeping. Promise me, yeah? Don’t go on a work bender, Tony.”

He rolls his eyes and he’s 99.9% sure Steve can actually hear it through the phone because he says “Please, Tony, for me” and Tony can’t say no, can he, who could actually say no to that voice, you’d have to be a sociopath or dangerously low on empathy to not feel warm and fuzzy and want to curl up in those words and yeah wait that might actually just be him and damned sub-ness.

So he says bye, hangs up the pho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Obadiah/Tony Stark (Past)

freeform: 
Dom/sub
Separation Anxiety
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Tony
Tony Angst
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Abuse
Past Sexual Abuse
Protective Steve
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - BDSM

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Obadiah/Tony Stark (Past)

