Chapter 1: Dreams Fall Away
    




Chapter Text
There was a Man once, who lived and grew and suffered beneath the press of the fate that the Stars laid under his feet.
The Soulmark he carried on his chest was easy to mistake for something simple; the form  was  simple. Many people carried a star on their chests, calling back to the earliest gift, and it was considered a great blessing in his village to carry one.
But the man was not gifted with great luck.
The star on his chest, formed of seven points extending narrow and thin only looked like a common Marks at first inspection.
He spent hours and hours laying in the sun when his mother told him to watch the herd, fingers tracing over it where the lines were drawn a shade paler than the deep brown of his skin. It wasn’t a simple Mark. It  wasn’t  common. A common star was filled evenly. His was filled, yes, but the interior was detailed with curling leaves and vines, branches and flowers and life all twining around each other.
It was Unique, and he loved it more than he could explain.
Each night before returning to his home, he offered his thanks to the Stars shining overhead for the gift of such perfection. One day he would find his Match, and perhaps one day he would even be a feature in a story told to his children’s children.
His village carried traditions like the sacred relics they were. Tales and stories were repeated until they may well have been carved in the bones of the children that sat at their elders’ feet. It was their legacy and their greatest joy.
The village he came from was blessed, and few had ever lived out their days without finding their Match. Some had short years with their love, but they found them all the same, and bore proudly the colored Mark on their chest. Blue flecked greens bloomed over one couple’s flower-formed Mark. Iridescent silver and gold shone on the chests of a pair with a simple four point star. The simplicity of their Mark was made beautiful by the revelation of the colors.
So it was no surprise to the village elders or to the village youth when the young Man grew troubled. All those near his age had found their Match long past. All those that visited the village had found theirs as well. The years passed, and the Man kept the hidden treasure of his star’s details to himself, awaiting the chance to show it to them only once it was drawn over with a rainbow’s full array, and his Soulmate was at his side.
He dreamt of it most nights, that quiet hope, kept hidden beneath his clothes.
He dreamed that his Match would come to the village and find him.
A war came instead.
The Man with a seven point star wrought in nature’s beauty woke on the field after the battle faded. Screams surrounded him while he lost himself in his pain, but on waking, he heard only weak cries and whimpers. Daylight was well past, and the air was chilled. It took long moments for him to note the pain in his chest as he lay in muck and filth. Once he did, he knew why no one had brought him from the battle to the care of a healer’s hands.
The Stars never forgave those that let their Marks be damaged.
They damned those that let their Marks be lost.
He lay on dirt and watched the emerging stars, whispering apologies as his hand sat over the wound on the center of his chest. The skin was stripped raw -- deep enough that he knew the scar it would cause -- and slowly seeped blood.
It would not kill him quickly. No, his fate now was the slow tortured agony of a wound turned putrid and foul.
It would be a mirror to the crime he must have committed to earn this change of his fate. He always wanted to find his Soulmate, but had never dared to wander the world alone and seek them out. He wanted, but he had never tried.
Perhaps that was the sin he had committed.
He laid there, watching the sky, and he waited, praying with every breath that they take mercy on him. That they end him, or offer him another chance. He laid there, whispering words of fealty and faith amid the dying pleas of the others on the field.
He waited.
But death did not come.
Before the sky turned from grey to the blush of dawn, before the man would have been forced to accept that the Stars had no care for him, he saw it.
A slow streak of blinding light moved across the sky.
A star fell.
He followed the arc of it in shock, then sat up, abandoning his almost-death to see where it might come to land.
Far.
It was far.
But it was  his.
The Stars had watched him and offered him a chance, another path, another fate to replace the one that he had lost. The other injured warriors that had fallen on the field around him never saw it. The last of them had shuddered out a final breath just moments before the Man without a Mark saw the gift falling for him.
He stood.
The man returned to the village, crusted with blood but shining with the knowledge of this gift.
He was shunned by all but his family, as was only right. No one wanted to stand near anyone so defiled and broken.
The greatest testament to th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
WinterIronShield Bang
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Soulmarks
Mythology - Freeform
Angst
Fate & Destiny
Quasi canon compliant
Don't Read This
you aren't strong enough
stuckony - Freeform
Polyamorous relationship
No respect for infinity stones
Or vibranium
fairytale
Ambiguous/Open Ending
Not a romantic happy ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

