Chapter 1: Take Notice, Land of the Prairies
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve Rogers woke with a grunt, his head banging against the sill of the window against which he’d been dozing. The train - the great, shuddering beast of soot and steam which had rattled the teeth in his jaw and the bones in his body across the endless miles of bloodsoaked country - had jolted to a stop. Steve promptly sneezed, his oversized cap falling down across his eyes as the boy sitting next to him glared. Steve glared right back, then turned his attention to the world taking shape outside the window as the dust and grit settled on the platform.North Star, Kansas. An optimistic name for a town without much to say for itself, considering all he could see beyond the platform was a lonely strip of drab, gray buildings - false fronts built up tall to hide the ramshackle structures behind them. Wasn’t home, even if it was where he intended to stay. It was a place to be; a place where he felt bound and determined to build a better life for himself. He was done relying on other people.The thing about Steve Rogers was that he could take care of himself. He was getting good at it now that his mother was gone. Sarah Rogers had been dead six months, though he didn’t like to think about it often. Didn’t like to think about how much he missed hearing the cadence of her voice, trailing behind her as she did her work - one hand curled into the material of her skirts when he was small - watching the beads of a rosary pass through her hands.The doctor said it was yellow fever that took her, but Steve knew better - she’d died of a broken heart. His father was two years gone, killed in the muck and the mire of Spotsylvania. Joseph Rogers had been a decent man, kind to his wife and bemused by his son. Death didn’t care for decency. Didn’t discriminate between the righteous and the rebels. Steve's father had died with a bullet in his skull, leaving a broken family behind him.Steve didn’t like to think about that, either.Instead, he thought of his future. At sixteen (almost seventeen), he figured he had one. Even if that future meant leaving Brooklyn behind to come here. The middle of nowhere. On a train filled with rude, squalling children. He was neither a child nor a man grown, and as such, he’d run out of options.He had spent the six months since his mother’s death living with various parishioners who were coaxed into taking him in by Father Murphy. Everything was impermanent. Unsafe. He’d begun to think of himself more as an obligation than a person. Father Murphy had done what he could - he’d been kind to them after Joseph’s death, and when Sarah was gone, he’d worked hard to find Steve a permanent home.When he’d brought up the idea of the ‘Family Placement’ program, Steve had been willing to listen.The program was meant for younger children (“orphans,” Steve’s mind supplied bitterly), sending them west to be adopted by childless families. Those participants who were Steve’s age took a different route - families brought them in, but as farmhands and laborers. Steve had been intrigued, half-swept up in the romance of it - New York meant limited prospects, but a ticket west could mean a future. The chance to stake his own claim in the rising tide of westward expansion and fashion a place for himself in the world.He had no need for a family, but he could work hard and learn fast. He was sure he’d be a boon to anyone who took him in. Farming seemed simple enough - he’d helped his mother cook, clean, and tend a garden. He wasn’t strapping or strong, but he was willing, and that had to count for something. He planned to work and save his wages carefully, then at twenty-one file for a homestead claim. His own land, his own farm. His own peace of mind.Because Steve Rogers? He could take care of himself.The trip itself had been a trial. He’d endured the indignities of being one of the few older boys lumped in with the squalling babies and children. He’d scowled his way through being ignominiously given three sets of clothing from the charity barrel, along with a threadbare wool overcoat, an ill-fitting hat, and a pair of used boots with the soles nearly worn through. The people at the agency had handed him a Bible and given him a pat on the head along with a train ticket that would take him away from the only home he’d ever known. From the bones of his parents and the clinging grime of the city.He’d not bothered looking back. And now, there he was. New life, new start. North Star. He wouldn’t say he was optimistic, but at least the sun was shining.A couple who worked with the agency - the Fortunes - had accompanied them on the journey from New York, shepherding them from train to train as they navigated the vast country. The man was a blowhard and the woman a fluttering fusspot. They both fawned over the babies and the toddlers, leaving any children over the age of six or so to fend for th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson (background)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Historical
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Romance
Slow Burn
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
POV Steve Rogers
Kansas
Pioneers
Western
farming
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Grief/Mourning
1860s
Sibling Bonding
Protective Siblings
Kindness
Small Towns
Getting to Know Each Other
Background Relationships
Roman Catholicism
Catholic Steve Rogers
Awesome Peggy Carter
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Hurt/Comfort
Panic Attacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Minor Violence
Families of Choice
Period Typical Attitudes
NSFW Art
Art
Sharing a Bed
Intercrural Sex
Hand Jobs
First Kiss
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson (background)

