Chapter 1: I Am Loki Of Asgard
    


Notes:
After I've started my other story, I somehow felt the need for a "Sweet Loki" story too, so here we go!There might be a few sensitive topics to come, but I will update the tags and also write a warning in the chapter notes if that happens.I apologise for any mistakes I've made, english is not my first language.Feedback and comments are very appreciated :)




Chapter Text
Loki was annoyed. He had spent almost a year on this pathetic excuse for a planet now, surrounded by the pathetic excuses for super heroes, and it was a pathetic excuse for an existence, really. Not at all befitting the man that he was, the royalty, the god.
He was cursing Odin every single day for the inadequate punishment he had administered to him, and he regretted the day that he had saved the old man's life - he should have let Laufey kill him; then he would most certainly not be in this predicament now. Frigga and Thor would never have ordered him to be punished in this way, he was quite sure of that. Come to think about it; if he had not saved Odin's life, he would never have ended up at Thanos' mercy and therefore would never have attacked Midgard, anyways, which meant that he wouldn't have done anything that deserved punishment in the first place.

He let out a sigh. Whichever way he looked at it, his so called father was responsible for his current situation, and he loathed him with every fiber of his body.

With another deep sigh, he looked out of the window. It was raining, a weather most befitting his mood, and he kept watching silently as the raindrops were falling down on this godforsaken realm.

At least the tower he was forced to live in with the rest of the posse of world saving numskulls offered a nice view on sunny days. The whole establishment was quite comfortable - nothing compared with the luxury he was used to, of course, but he couldn't complain, really; even though he did so most of the times.

The worst part of his punishment was how utterly boring this world was. Odin hadn't banished him to Earth without giving him certain responsibilities, of course; he had been forced to commit himself to help the Scavengers (as he prefered to call them) whenever necessary, but neither of them found him reliable enough to even consider asking him for his assistance.

And that's why he's spent the last year in this common room, his own apartment in the tower or the training room; either staring out of the window, reading, eating, sleeping or practising.

It was unnerving.

For the last few months, he hadn't even seen Thor regularly; there had been "a situation" on Asgard that he'd had to take care of - Loki wasn't even allowed to know what was happening at home, but he was acting as if he didn't care, anyways. He would never have thought it possible before, but considering that nobody in this tower cared enough to exchange a single word with him, he actually found himself missing his brother from time to time.

When he heard footsteps, he looked up, surprised to see someone enter the room. The others had left a while ago - for another mission, he supposed, since they had all been wearing their suits - and neither of them would come into this room when he was already in it, anyways - they didn't seem to be able to stand his mere presence.

Still, there was a small mortal girl coming closer, with brown, curly hair and big brown eyes that were looking around curiously. She didn't seem to have noticed Loki, who was sitting in the corner of the room. Loki eyed her with furrowed brows. He was certain that he had never seen her before, and he thought it odd that some random stranger was walking around in this heavily guarded building. She didn't seem dangerous, though, so Loki just watched her as she was walking into the kitchen and coming out of it again with a cup of coffee to sit down on one of the couches, curiously browsing through the book that Loki had left there earlier.

Loki was starting to feel rather irritated by the lack of interest this mortal had in him. He wasn't used to not being noticed. 

When the girl put her feet on the table and took a sip of coffee, he decided to end this audacious display of ignorance of his presence.

"Feel yourself at home", he said indignantly.

The girl leaped up and shrieked out, at first in surprised fear of the sudden voice coming out of a room she thought to be empty, and then in pain because she had poured the cup of hot coffee all over her body.

"Fuck!" she shouted, jumping up and down, and ran into the kitchen. Loki's gaze followed her until she was out of sight. He could still hear her curse at herself in the kitchen, though, and he was slightly uncertain of what he was supposed to do now. He had planned to scare her a little and shoo her away, but it looked like he'd just been outperformed by a hot beverage.

The girl came back a minute later, wiping on her clothes with a wet towel, and walked up to Loki to sit down opposite to him.

"H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki & Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel) & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Sweet Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Humor
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Possessive Loki (Marvel)
Falling In Love
Loki Falls In Love
Loki Can Be Sweet
loki is a little shit
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Avengers Tower
Loki Kink
Domestic Violence
Implied/Referenced Domestic Violence
Past Domestic Violence
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Avengers Family

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Loki & Original Female Character(s)
Loki (Marvel) & Original Female Character(s)

