Chapter 1





Chapter Text



The stairs of Steve’s building are rickety, practically squealing like pigs whenever someone steps on them. Steve sighs, hauling the grocery bags up to his fourth floor apartment, praying to God the stairs hold his weight. It’s probably dramatic to worry over it, but he’s kinda starting to see why Stark keeps asking him to move to the Tower. 

Your own floor! Modern amenities! The works! Actually not a shithole!

 But Brooklyn is home, even now, and Steve doesn’t want to leave it. Besides, the building smells nice. Lived in. Comforting. Like his ma’s did all those years ago. Not clinical, stainless steel like practically everything at the Tower.

    
Of course he’s off in his own little world when the new tenant from the third floor rounds the corner and nearly bowls him over. It takes his exceptional super soldier balance to stay upright.

    
“Oh shit, I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry! I’m so damn clumsy, Jesus, let me help you… oh my god. You’re Captain America. Shit! I just literally ran into Captain America.”

    
Steve snorts. “Son, calm down. It’s not a big deal, really.”

    
“I could’ve knocked you down a flight of stairs!”

    
“Yep. And I would’ve survived it just fine. Might not’ve even hurt me.”

    
The guy purses his lips in thought. Plush, red lips that make Steve’s heart rate rise unexpectedly. In fact, the entire package is quite impressive. He’s an inch or two shorter than Steve, at least from what Steve can tell from two steps below him, and he’s slender, but with solid muscle underneath his too-tight shirt. Skinny jeans accent his slim hips perfectly, and suddenly Steve wants nothing more than to suck marks into those hips. He feels the blush rise to his face - Lord, could he be more obvious? 

    
Yep, the guy’s staring at him strangely. Great.

    
“Listen, I uh, I don’t get much company. Would you like to come up, maybe have dinner with me?”

    
“What, the Avengers don’t like to visit?”

    
“Actually… they hate this place.” Steve gives a self-deprecating chuckle. “I’m here because I love Brooklyn. Feels like home, you know? But one of these days I’ll have to give in and move to the Tower. If for no other reason than the ability to assemble quickly.”

    
“Damn. That’d be a shame.”

    
Steve raises an eyebrow. 

    
“Oh, uh, I mean… yeah. There’s no way to come back from that, is there.”

    
Steve laughs, and it’s the real deal, an uncomplicated thing he rarely gets to feel these days. “No worries. Come on up.”

    
“Sure.”

    
His new friend helps take the groceries up the last two flights, even though Steve doesn’t technically need the help. He discovers quickly that he likes to see the man’s muscles move underneath his shirt. And here Steve gets shit for wearing tee shirts that are three sizes too small. 

    

A man after my own heart.


    
He shouldn’t think like that. He just met the guy; hell, he doesn’t even know his name! And then, 

then

 comes the uncomfortable question - does he himself wear tiny shirts to get sexual attention? Maybe some sense of inadequacy left over from when he was small?

    

Fucking hell, Steve. Get it together.


    
He lets them into the apartment, standing just a bit too close to his neighbor as he unlocks the door, not that his neighbor seems to mind. Once the bags are on the counter, he waves to the barstools with a 

make yourself at home

 gesture. 

    
“So, what kind of food do you like? I’ve got all kinds of stuff here. Cooking is pretty relaxing for me, and I’ve had a lot of practice. But still, hope I don’t disappoint. There’s, let’s see… Thai food, stir fry, burgers, lasagna…” he trails off, suddenly aware that he’s been rambling.

    
“Uh, burgers would be fine? I don’t want to cause trouble.”

    
“Oh no, it’s no trouble,” Steve replies a little too quickly.

    
“You hardly know me.”

    
“That’s true.”

    
“You don’t even know my name.” The little shit is grinning.

    
“I, uh. I don’t, no.”

    
“You gonna put those groceries away or what.”

    
Now Steve’s blushing - great. “Yeah.”

    
“Are you always this adorable?”

    
He laughs. “Um. Not quite, I guess?” 

    
“Yeah, guess your Captain America face is pretty stern. ‘We must fight injustice,’ all serious-like.” 

    
It’s not quite what Steve meant, but he’s not about to correct the guy, especially when his eyes get all dreamy when he talks about Steve’s commanding side. Maybe… maybe he’s a sub, but this ain’t the time to think about that. 

    

Goddammit, Steve. Just make dinner.


    
“Okay, well, burgers coming right up.”

    
Dinner is good. He learns a lot about his new friend. His name is James Barnes - Bucky for short - and he has a black belt in judo. He likes to cook, too, though he claims that Steve is far better at it than he is. (‘Flattery will get you everywhere, you know,’ Steve had replied, and got half hard at Bucky’s blush.) Bucky paints, which delights Steve. And he crochets. The guy is a tre
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe- BDSM
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers
Accidental exploration of social issues
Fake Ronald Reagan sucks
Tbh real one does too
Dystopian Elements
Whole Foods is ridiculous
dubious consent chapters will have warnings
enthusiastic consent between Steve and Bucky always
Brief mentions of tentacle Steve
Steve Rogers is a gentle soul
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Forced Eye Contact
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Bucky learns to use his words
Bondage
Teasing
Coming Untouched
Service Kink
Orgasm Delay
Crossdressing
breath play
Shower Sex
Cockwarming
Cock sleeve
Orgasm Denial
Rimming
handjobs
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Impact Play
Nonconsensual Body Modification
Figging
Temperature Play
lovemaking
Enemas
Natasha Is a Good Bro
Subdrop
Praise Kink
Dub con elements due to nature of bdsm dystopia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

