Chapter 1: So It Goes...
    


Summary:

“When someone leaves you, apart from missing them, apart from the fact that the whole little world you've created together collapses, and that everything you see or do reminds you of them, the worst is the thought that they tried you out and, in the end, the whole sum of parts adds up to you got stamped REJECT by the one you love. How can you not be left with the personal confidence of a passed over British Rail sandwich?”- Helen Fielding, "Bridget Jones's Diary"



Notes:
This kind of came out of nowhere, but these two facial hair boys have become the only ones I care about in this cinematic universe.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
After Siberia and the Accords, Tony immerses himself in business; whether SI or Avengers it matters little. Tony makes sure to keep himself properly busy. If he’s busy he won’t have to think about it, he won’t have to deal with it. So long as he stays busy constantly then none of it can catch up with him. So, he throws himself head first into his work.With Pepper as the CEO of SI, he doesn’t have much in the way of board meetings to attend, only the occasional conference calls or stop-ins with R&D. He tinkers with Iron Man, manufacturing upgrades and repairs. That still leaves him with more than plenty of Avengers business to attend. With SHIELD fallen and dispersed, half the Avengers excommunicated, and nothing but a small compound upstate, there is plenty for Tony to do.He starts with rebuilding some semblance of what was once SHIELD, only on his own terms and under his own watch. It was subsumed into the Avengers Initiative now. Tony is officially Director of the operation, with Maria Hill working directly beneath him. Tony trusts her to do a good job. He did always like her and she has, somewhat begrudgingly, admitted she reciprocates.The active team is much smaller without the members they had lost, but they make do and they keep an eye out for new recruits. It has grown quickly, but it isn’t much. Vision and Rhodey are now official members, of course. Bruce hangs around whenever he is in the country. Peter is on standby, but Tony isn’t allowing him a full membership until he’s eighteen, and even then it’s questionable. Bobbi Morse had reached out to them not long ago, offering her help. As ex-SHIELD Tony was hesitant, but Maria had vouched for her. Scott Lang and Hope Pym have been taken on as consultants. Carol Danvers was the newest member.It was a small team, but they had a good dynamic.Tony works the most he has in years; the most he has since he was dying. It keeps his mind occupied, so what’s the alternative?Tony keeps himself plenty busy with Avengers’ business. He feels, sometimes, that he spends more time at the compound than at home. He’s working himself to exhaustion, burying himself with paperwork and contracts, negotiations and agreements. He’s doing his best to reinstate the people’s trust in the Avengers, in giving them as much freedom from the government as he can. They need to be held accountable, and they need to answer to some higher power, but he isn’t going to have them play bloodhound to the American government either. They’re in the middle of talks with the United Nations at the moment, but Tony’s hoping to spread their reach. What if another country needs help? What if an intergalactic threat lands on none-UN soil? The possibilities are endless as they run through Tony’s mind; endless threats from endless universes. Tony hasn’t had a good night’s sleep since New York.It’s late, horribly late, but Tony can’t sleep. He’s digging through contracts and statements and articles in the living room of his Malibu home. He needs everything to be perfect for when they go before the UN, needs every base covered, no backends or loopholes or oversights. This won’t be a repeat of the Accords, he will make sure of that.His eyes feel heavy and dry and his shoulders tense and pained as he sits hunched over the coffee table. There’s a breeze that brings in the saltwater from the Pacific. His mind is racing too quick with all the drafts and redrafts of his contracts and agreements that the sounds of seabirds and waves fall on deaf ears.“Tony?”He startles, fingers jumping across the page and head turning towards the voice.“What are you doing? It’s one in the morning, and after what we’ve been up to you should be plenty exhausted,” Stephen Strange says around a yawn. He sweeps a hand through Tony’s hair, brushing the strands out of his face. His fingers linger along the base of his neck.Tony leans into the warm touch, finding the contact a reassuring sensation. “Couldn’t sleep,” he says.The others are coming back stateside in the morning, the “Exiled Avengers,” as he calls them. It has been two years and they were being flown in tomorrow via private jet. In less than twenty-four hours Tony would be face-to-face with Steve fucking Rogers.“Worrying isn’t going to do you any g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
I just rly like Stephen Strange
Tony centric
stephen centric
Anxiety
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Tony still has the arc reactor
not kind to steve rogers
p okay towards Natasha tho
she cool
Hurt/Comfort
Drug Use

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

