Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 Now 
“I love you.” Bucky whispers the words, soft in the still of the night.Steve lays beside him, already breathing deep and heavy with sleep, the way he does after they’ve gone ten rounds between the sheets.  Looking down at Steve, Bucky’s eyes linger on the lay of Steve’s lashes against his cheek, his mouth – lips full, and lush, and perfect.   Lips he’s going to have to kiss good-bye, and soon.It’s been a good run, he thinks to himself, pressing a kiss to Steve’s shoulder.  It’s going to hurt like hell to let this man go..
 Then 
The Brooklyn Kickboxing Boxing Club is one of Bucky’s favorite places to work off some steam.  He’s been coming here since he moved to Dumbo a few years ago, after his graphic design business finally took off.  He’s waiting for his turn in the ring and eyeing the slice of grade-A beefcake that’s currently sparring with a trainer.  He’s noticed the guy training here before – usually at the bag, or now and then, working with one of the trainers.  Hard not to notice a guy like that – tall, blonde and solid muscle.  He is exactly Bucky’s type.As the trainer exits the ring, Bucky steps in and offers to go a few rounds.  Kickboxing’s something he took up to get through undergrad, and now it’s a part of a bigger routine that keeps him sane.  This, running, and fucking – they all serve to get him out of his head and focused on something that’s not just his own bullshit.  All the lean muscle that it’s added to his body only makes him love it more.  He was on the lithe side growing up.  Now he’s got some brawn behind his swagger.He scrubs a hand through his hair and then the stubble on his face.  His hair’s a little too long on top now, and he’s due for a cut, but overall, he knows he looks good.  Good enough to interest the blonde?  That’s worth finding out.Bucky’s about halfway through his normal routine, coaching the other guy along when it dawns on him just how strong this guy was.  After that, it doesn’t take a genius to figure out he’s sparring with Captain America, a realization that only spurs him on to working harder at holding his own.By the end of the last round, the guy has a smirk that won’t quit.  Bucky thinks he wouldn’t mind wiping it off the guys face, preferably with his dick.  Steve finally introduces himself proper, and tells Bucky to hit him up anytime.When he spots Steve in the locker room, thin white towel around his waist, Bucky can’t stop thinking about getting his mouth on the guy.  He can’t help it.  Captain America has miles of pale skin that runs gold where the sun hits it, all stretched over bunching muscles that are enough to make Bucky a little foggy with want.Soaping up, Bucky notices a couple of sly looks – Bucky peeking only to find Steve peeking back – before he finds himself moving into Steve’s space, looking up into dark blue eyes that show surprise before it gave way to hunger, skin sliding slick in the warm spray of the water..A few weeks later, Bucky and Steve are on Bucky’s couch, with Bucky on Steve’s lap, kissing him deep, lazy and slow.  He’s noticed that Steve likes this – like it when Bucky sets the pace for things, but he’s not sure what that’s about.  Not that he minds.  Bucky’s always preferred to be in the driver’s seat.  Vulnerability has never been his strong suit.They’ve gotten past hand jobs in the showers and blow jobs on the benches, and Jesus fuck does Steve look good on his knees.  It helped that Steve all but preened when Bucky said as much.As Bucky slides off Steve’s lap to kneel between his knees, he can’t help but notice the look of hunger on his face.   “What?” Bucky asks, nosing against the line of Steve’s cock, before pressing his open mouth against it through Steve’s jeans. “Anything.  I’ll give you anything you want.  You just gotta ask.”And Steve - god, his face.  “Anything,” Bucky repeats.“You,” Steve says.  “I want - God, I want  - I want you to fuck me.  Will you fuck me?”Bucky’s breath leaves him in a gust.  “Bed.  Bedroom.  Now.”  He’s already standing, pulling Steve up with him, mouth hot and hard on Steve’s as they stumble down the hallway.Once in the bedroom, Bucky takes his time.  Soon, he’ll come to learn what Steve likes: the twist of his fingers or a stinging bite, the way Steve likes his hair pulled and how much he loves to hear how pretty he is.Now though, Bucky gets to discover the man before him.  It’s his favorite part of any intimate relationship – finding out the best way to unravel the person he’s with.  Bucky wants to give it all to Steve, give it to him easy, because God, Steve is easy to be good to.Later, as the sweat cools, Steve starts to make noises about his job, and getting close.  It’s almost funny how uncomfortable he seems.Looking up at him with a smirk, Bucky says, “Relax, pal.  Last thing either of us wants is some kind of romance, am I right?”The look of relief on Steve’s face – God.It pulls a chuckle out of Bucky, which becomes a laugh when he sees Steve lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Friends With Benefits
accidental feels
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Blow Jobs
face fucking
D/s overtones
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Steve Rogers
But they switch
Pining
bucky pines so hard
Angst
with an hea

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

