Chapter 1: End Of A Rope
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It was pure accident that Loki even noticed – one of his courtiers was late to a meeting, and so with some time on his hands, Loki used the all-seeing capability of the throne to check on some of the projects he hadn’t looked at for a time, projects that were essential if they were to defat Thanos once he came: Frey’s progress in Vanaheim with the new training regimen for his mages, the unification of Alfheim, and the heroes of Midgard.The heroes of Midgard had been perhaps the most satisfying of these projects lately, their numbers growing and some very intriguing powers among them...but now, as he looked, he was shocked. They were fighting each other.And not in a way that would suggest training either.The courtier arrived at this point, and so Loki had no more time to devote to it immediately, but as soon as he was free again he checked once more, and his worst fears were confirmed.The group was fractured.Loki swore.Damn mortals, there wasn’t a single thing one could trust them with. Not even the most essential ones.He spent the next few days intermittently checking and trying to come up with a way to bring peace. He knew that if he appeared there publicaly, as the original villain that brought them together, it would very likely solve the problem, but unfortunately, it would also cause many more for him – Thor would find out he survived, and it could endanger his entire ruse in Asgard.No, he had to find another way.It was when he was checking on the heroes again that the opportunity presented itself.He saw a plot and a betrayal, he saw the Man of Iron and the soldier out of time fighting in a manner even more vicious than what he had witnessed before, and he saw Stark being beaten and left in his broken armour by his supposed ally and friend, expression of such open despair on his face it simply spelled vulnerability.Loki hurried from the throne room, considering his options.He could, of course, go as someone else. But given the kind of betrayal the Man of Iron had just been subjected to, he couldn’t really afford the risk that he would need to use some of his powers and the mortal would put two and two together. That would lose him any chance he had.He could also simply make himself unrecognisable, blur his features – at least there would be no lie in that – but again, immediately after a betrayal, the mortal was unlikely to appreciate any kind of hiding.No, absurd as it was, his best bet was going as himself.It was worth a try. He could always scramble the man’s memory later, if worst came to pass.This was his last thought before he took the hidden path to Midgard, teleporting to where he needed to go.It had all taken mere moments, and Stark was still lying exactly as he had last seen him, his armour broken and the man desperate and numb.When he spotted Loki, he laughed bitterly. “Great,” he said. “If I have to have a pre-death delirium, couldn’t I hallucinate something else? Though I suppose it does make a twisted kind of sense – you were what brought me together with Rogers, after all.”“I assure you, Stark, I am very real,” Loki replied.“Yeah right. I have it on good authority that you died a heroic death some time ago.”Loki shrugged. “I very nearly did. In fact...I found myself rather as you are now.”“So, what? You became a ghost that shows to people in similar situations or something?”Loki shook his head, bemused and wondering if the man truly was delirious. “I am as alive as the last time you saw me – more, perhaps – and came here of my own volition.”“To gloat?” Stark asked, still prone on the ground and his voice strangely disinterested given the topic. “Or to help me to my death? If the second, there was no need, though I suppose I should be grateful – there are probably better ways to go than bleeding to death or freezing.”Loki rolled his eyes. “I have no intention of killing you. If I did, I wouldn’t need to wait until you were weakened.”“Gloating, then? Don’t try to tell me you wouldn’t do that. The satisfaction of watching the team that united against you fracture...” Stark paused, and frowned. “Wait- were you behind this? Did you put Zemo up to this?”Loki smirked a little at the idea. He could, he supposed, allow himself this honesty – it would go well with what Stark expected, after all, and so make him more trusting in other matters. “No,” he said, “though I do have to admit to certain admiration of his work. It was very well done.”Stark snorted. “It was, wasn’t it? He played us like a violin.” He considered for a moment. “So is that why you’re here? To admire another master’s work? Or is it simply for the satisfaction of watching us fall apart?”Loki frowned. “The first might have been a factor – not the second, though. I derive very little pleasure from this.”“What, because you like me so much?” Stark scoffed.“Because I dislike betrayals.”Stark choked on a laugh. “You hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Valkyrie/Jessica Drew
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
in a negative light

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Angst
Fix-It of Sorts
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Sci-Fi Elements
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Mild Infinity War spoilers
infinity war fix-it
ragnarok fix-it
all the fix-its
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Endgame Fix-It

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Valkyrie/Jessica Drew
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
in a negative light

