Chapter 1: The Silver Moon
    


Notes:
This story was inspired by Pearl Jam's Black. The perfect song for Loki:"Oh, and twisted thoughts that spin round my head, I'm spinning, oh,I'm spinning, how quick the sun can drop awayAnd now my bitter hands cradle broken glass of what was everythingAll the pictures have all been washed in black, tattooed everything..."




Chapter Text


Loki smiled as he peered down at the silver moon pendant in the palm of his tiny hand. "It is beautiful, mother. Thank you."
Frigga smiled at her ten year old son, stroking a piece of soil from his lengthy dark hair. No doubt the remnants of a fight lost to Thor. "It is not for its beauty that I bestow this gift upon you, but for its importance. You see, the sun is powerful and mighty. The sun is the center of all life. We could not live without it. Behind the sun follows the moon. The moon controls the waters, volcanoes, crops, and at times, our sanity. She is sister to the sun. She is a vital part of life. We grow our food by her sign, she foretells our future, and she brings forth babies that refuse to come. Without the moon, the sun would completely be alone…so you see, the moon is just as important as the sun, but it is often overlooked because of the sun's radiant and sometimes boisterous glare."
Clutching the pendant tightly as if his life depended upon it, Loki nodded, understanding his mother's double meaning. She always found subtle ways of nurturing him in the shadow of his brother. He beamed up at her intersecting a motherly kiss upon his forehead.
"You are significant, Loki. Your life is crucial. Never forget that no matter how brightly Thor shines."
Loki cried out "mother" in a tortured voice, his eyes closed, still rooted in slumber. He suddenly jerked erect shattering the dream.
Loki woke, the old heartache filling his chest, as painful as it had been six months ago when he was first informed of his mother's tragic death. Wiping the sleep from his weary eyes, he slung his feet over the bed to stand. Faltering, a painful tearing in his heart, he braced himself, fighting the churning sickness in his gut. It was as if her soul was desperate to be with his, summoning him from her eternal resting place. She was alone as he felt.
It was all Jane's fault. Frigga had sacrificed her life for the mortal wench's survival. Now his mother, the only person who had ever cared for him, was dead while that bitch Jane lived happy and content at his brother's side. His soul twisting, spiraling beyond control, suffering, lonely, desperate for revenge. He hurt. Jane needed to hurt too. She needed to pay for what she reaped.
Loki stepped into the chilly evening. A pack of wolves greeted the night in the distance. Already stars glimmered, filling the sky with veils of golden dust. Glazing at the glow of the rising moon, he inhaled the night-scented breeze deep into his lungs, his soul swirling, anguished memories plaguing his heart, his opals reflecting inner pain. A small childlike voice cried out within his soul. He clutched the pendant that his mother had gifted him as a child as tears welled hotly in his eyes. She was gone. She was really gone and he was utterly alone.
He could murder Jane, but that would induce his mother's sacrifice to vain. No, Jane needed to live and suffer, suffer as he has suffered. A weary smile tugged at the corner of his lips; someone had to pay. He could kill Thor, but in doing so would shame his mother's memory. There had to someone else; someone who means as much to Jane as Frigga meant to Loki.
 
 
"Heimdall!" Loki summoned, dismounting after a hard sprint across the rainbow bridge.
Golden eyes, illuminated by the flush of moonbeams, peered out from the Bifrost. "Yes, my lord." Heimdall answered in a voice reflecting discontent.
"Cast your gaze to Midgard and tell me who fills Jane's heart other than my brother. Does she have a mother?"
The seer crinkled his eyebrows, suspicion mirroring his reflection. "Why?"
Loki narrowed his eyes, his voice a warning. "Did you ever once question my father during all your years of service to him?"
"Never!" Heimdall replied.
Loki took a deliberate step in his direction resulting in Heimdall turning toward Midgard.
"Jane's parents have long passed. I only see Thor."
Loki placed a hand on Heimdall's shoulder, griping in a threatening manner. "Look harder!" He ordered with a hiss.
Heimdall closed his eyes as if contemplating telling his king the truth of his sight. He knew better. Sighing with defeat, he turned, and spoke in a shame-washed tone. "She has a sister. Her name is Willow."
The dark king sneered malevolently. Heimdall knew what that look meant and added, "She is barely a woman, my lord."
Loki's wicked reflection melted. Somberly, he clasped Heimdall's shoulder. "Even better!" Now flashing a radiant grin boasting of cruel intentions. Jane would soon suffer the painful torment that Loki felt night after night.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Rape
Rough Sex
Porn
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Loki Porn
Loki Falls In Love
Loki Fucks Hard
Sexual Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Double Penetration
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Sex Slave
Smut
Dark
Violence
Twisted
Loki Does What He Wants
Domination
Punishing Passion
Captive
King Loki
Fucking
Strangulation
Kinky
Multiple Orgasms
Fuck Or Die
Loki Rapes
masochistic sex

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

