Chapter 1: One
    


Summary:

Steve and Bucky emerge from the bunker in Siberia and receive a surprising offer of aid and shelter, and T'Challa chooses a side.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Chapter One


SIBERIA

Steve's mind was sluggish, and keeping himself and Bucky moving in the direction of the jet was taking far too much of his concentration. Concussion, probably, even through his helmet and the protection the serum had given his bones. Bucky was worse; he could barely keep his feet under him.
"C'mon...hang on, just gotta...get us onto the jet and the auto-pilot set..." Steve mumbled. "Then we'll get all this taken care of." Except where can we go now? What hospital can I take him to?
As the blast doors creaked open, Steve looked behind them, imagining Tony in pursuit with Steve's shield, or maybe a liberated gun. There was no movement from the way they'd come.
"Steve - " Bucky recoiled, nearly pulling them both off their feet. Steve turned, struggling to steady them, and froze: there were two jets out on the snowy ground. The second was neither a Quinjet nor US military, and emerging from its cabin was T'Challa. Bucky pulled against Steve's hold. "No...Steve, no, just go, go..."
"I'm not leaving you," Steve said, and eased Bucky to the ground. Ignoring the warning voice in the back of his mind that he couldn't put up much of a fight, he waited to meet T'Challa. Over my dead body, literally, your highness.
But even as Steve blinked in the blowing snow and swayed pathetically, T'Challa held up his hands. "Captain, I'm not going to hurt your friend. I heard everything. Zemo is secure, and he'll answer for what he did."
Steve just stared for several moments, trying to process it. "You..."
T'Challa squinted past him at the doors. "Is Stark alive?"
You mean did I kill him? "No - I mean, yeah," Steve breathed. Relief seeped like amber over his brain, slowing him down even further. "He's - his suit is shot, it won't fly now..." Can't leave Tony here stranded...can't leave Bucky...can't let Tony near Bucky...can't let Bucky near Zemo. He felt like he was spinning in one of the little snow-devils that whirled across the landscape on the edges of his vision. "He's alive. He might - need a doctor."
"Steve..." Bucky pleaded as T'Challa came closer.
Steve didn't think he was swaying that badly, but T'Challa caught him. "All of you need doctors. Barnes!" As with Tony, Bucky wouldn't stand down, though he was being far less successful at standing up now than earlier. "I will...not...hurt you, or your captain. I'm going to help you."
"Tony'll follow us," Steve said, struggling to think straight. "Anywhere we go, he'll come after Bucky." Where the hell could Steve take Bucky that he'd be safe?
"I know," said T'Challa. "Revenge has consumed him as it did me." He helped Steve kneel at Bucky's side. Bucky flinched away when T'Challa tried to look him over, so the Wakandan king stepped back. "Stark didn't know I was following him, and we'll keep it that way for now. I'll take you to Wakanda. Stark won't think to look there."
He and Steve both jumped as Bucky sagged to the side - and passed out, dead limp in Steve's arms. Steve held onto him and looked around in despair. Under ordinary circumstances, he could carry Bucky without a problem, but now...the snow was reviving Steve a little, but not enough.
"Why would you protect him? Yeah, Vienna was Zemo, but if you heard... you know what Hydra made Bucky do." Desperate and short on options as Steve was, he wouldn't bring Bucky into enemy hands without a fight.
T'Challa straightened and loomed over Steve. "I have wronged you and your friend by trying to mete out punishment by my own hand, without concern for the entire truth. I won't make that mistake again, and I now owe you both a debt. I swear upon my father's grave, Captain, if you accept my protection, you'll come to no harm that is in my power to prevent."
It was just words. And yet... I always put faith in people, individuals. Not governments. And it sounded like something Thor would say. Meeting T'Challa's eyes, Steve slowly nodded. "Okay."
Something beeped. T'Challa looked down at a device on his wrist and aimed it at the building. "Stark is moving, if slowly. We'll leave your jet and Zemo for him." He hauled Bucky over his shoulder and pulled Steve to his feet with his free hand. "Come."
The Wakandan jet's cabin was more cramped than a Quinjet, but there were fold-down beds to secure a prone passenger and plenty of medical supplies. Steve secured Bucky and connected the vitals monitors, and got him on IV fluids. He was worried about Bucky going into shock, but the readings showed he was stable. As Steve tried to figure out what to do for the sparking mess of wires and torn metal that remained of his arm, Bucky came around, moaning.
"Ssh, Buck, it's okay. You're safe," Steve murmured. "T'Challa's gonna help us."
Bucky blinked and cast glassy eyes around th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & T'Challa
Steve Rogers & T'Challa
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
T'Challa & Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki & Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Wakanda
Civil War Fix-It
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
T'Challa (Marvel) Feels
Avengers Feels
Avengers Family
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Sokovia Accords
Mutants
MCU/X-Men Crossover
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
everybody has PTSD
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes & Wanda Maximoff Friendship
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Feels
FEELS DAMMIT!
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
everybody needs a hug
Grief/Mourning
Implied/Referenced Torture
Suicidal Thoughts
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Unreliable Narrator
Flashbacks
Bucky's Backpack of Sadness
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Jewish Wanda Maximoff
Human Trafficking
Touch-Starved
Legal Drama
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Time Travel
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Endgame
Multiverse
Time Travel Fix-It
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Pre-Everything Post-Everything
Everybody Lives
Reconciliation

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & T'Challa
Steve Rogers & T'Challa
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
T'Challa & Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff
James "Bucky" Barnes & Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Clint Barton & Loki
Loki & Stephen Strange
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Avengers Team

