Chapter 1: without you
    


Summary:


i have lived with and without you




Notes:

ha! i'm back! with more feels! bc it's valentine's day!

joking aside, there is a lot less dialogue borrowed from things than in the prequel to this. this is a sequel, btw, in case you didn’t notice, go back and read the first fic otherwise you will be confused as shit. secondly, in the interest of full disclosure for trigger warnings, those who are sensitive to the topics of rape/non-con and suicide should take caution. please skip to the end notes and check the full trigger warnings there, there is no actual rape/non-con in this fic nor is there any attempts or active desire to attempt suicide, but they are discussed, so please take caution if you need it.

now, you may or may not be wondering "is moony still the overachiever we all know and love?" (hopefully on the all know and love. pls. i love you.) "did moony make a playlist of songs specifically timed to enhance my experience of reading this story?" the answer is: duh. you can find it here!

edit: you can find this chapter's cover art on my tumblr here


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
 edges blurred 

 o joy is me, for i have lived with and without you
o joy is me, for i have found home in your eyes
 o joy is me
o joy
 o
my love
 i lived without you
i lived but i was dead
 my lord my god never ask it of me again
i cannot live without air to breathe
 without my heart to beat
i have lived so long
 alone and so tired
my heart you have
 put back together into
something new, something sweet
 those pieces earned their edges,
you have made a mosaic
 to guide you home.
the lord above is kind
 he has sent you home
he sent you to me.
 now i can shout
my love from the rooftops.
 o joy is me
 my love
 



 

 [september 24th?, 2014, somewhere?] 

 
Steve wasn’t sure when he’d fallen asleep. He’d opened his eyes briefly a while ago, saw the roof of a car and fallen asleep again. Then he saw Sam standing over him, but he thought it had been a dream when Sam pulled him to his feet, took him inside, dressed him in sweats and a shirt, pushed him into a new car and took him to a hospital. He had expected to wake to the sound of Bucky breathing, the fire gently cracking, not the soft beeping of hospital equipment and quiet jazzy music.
 
He turned his head and found Sam smiling at him.
 
“On your left,” Sam murmured.
 
Steve shut his eyes again. Bucky wasn’t in the room. He nodded to Sam, then passed out again.
 
He woke up again, properly, much later, a hitch to his breath and a tightness to his chest that, at first, he didn’t understand. There was a nurse standing over him, checking his vitals, and when he opened his eyes, she smiled brightly at him.
 
“Good morning, Captain Rogers,” she said, “welcome back to the land of the living.”
 
“Where’s Bucky?” Steve mumbled.
 
“Do you mean the man who brought you in? He just stepped out, he’ll be right back.”
 
Steve tried to sit up, but the nurse touched his shoulder, still smiling kindly. “Now, now, you’ve been badly hurt, your ribs are still going to be a bit tender, you need to keep still.”
 
“How long have I been here?” he asked. “Where is here?”
 
“You were brought in this morning,” the nurse answered. “You’re in MedStar Georgetown University Hospital. We’ve got police officers stationed outside, your friends vetted them themselves, you’re perfectly safe.”
 
Steve frowned, though. “I thought… I’m in DC?”
 
“That conk to your head did quite a number on you, huh?” the nurse laughed. “Yes, you’re in DC. Perfectly safe, like I said.”
 
The curtains blocking off his room shifted; Steve started to sit up, but the nurse touched his shoulder again and Sam walked in.
 
Sam, to whom the nurse nodded, as if she’d been expecting him. Sam, who was far removed from who Steve wanted to see, who he needed to see. Sam, who would do nothing to ease what Steve was now recognizing as vague panic.
 
“Sam?” he croaked.
 
“Hey, buddy,” Sam said, sounding obviously relieved. “How you feeling?”
 
Steve didn’t answer the question. “Where’s Bucky?”
 
Sam’s relieved grin faded. He looked at the nurse, said: “Could you give us a minute?” and waited until she left to look back at him.
 
“Where’s Bucky?” Steve repeated. His voice sounded like shit.
 
“I don’t know,” Sam answered. “You turned up on my back porch this morning wearing nothing but a blanket and really out of it. I brought you here. I don’t know who brought you to me or where they went.”
 
Steve sank back against his pillow. He felt numb, somehow, and on top of that, the distant feeling of panic. He was alone, Bucky was gone, he was alone and surrounded by people but he wasn’t surrounded by the one person that mattered, so yeah, he was fucking alone. “I was with Bucky,” he whispered. And now, he was alone.
 
“We thought you were dead,” Sam told him. “They’ve been combing the Potomac for the past three days.”
 
“I was with Bucky,” he repeated, l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Ignores Civil War
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Sam Wilson is a Gift
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Deaf Clint Barton
Angst and Feels
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Project Insight (Marvel)
and the shit that results from that
Winter Soldier Trial
Gender Inequality
Religion
Crisis of Faith
Prostitution
Heavy Themes
beware the angst
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Subspace
Aftercare
Feminist Themes
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
readers are safe from giant angry plums
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Forced Feminization
Switching
Body Dysphoria
Body Worship
Light Dom/sub
Cuddling & Snuggling
Daddy Kink
No Age Play
Period Typical Attitudes
Internalized Misogyny
Hurt/Comfort
hurt/comfort is my kink
Mpreg
Mentions of miscarriage
Reality Bending
Multiverse
Jewish Bucky Barnes
Catholic Steve Rogers
Catholic Guilt
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

