Chapter 1





Chapter Text
”Peter, maybe we should tell someone…” Ned said with uncertainty once Peter finally stopped retching.   Peter shook his head from where it was practically inside Ned’s toilet bowl. “We can't. I don't want to worry May. I'll be fine by tomorrow morning.” “I knew you shouldn't have gone out tonight.” Ned ran a hand through his hair anxiously. They were supposed to be sleeping for their trip to Florida tomorrow. Ned’s family had an extra bed in their beach house and bought Peter a plane ticket as an early Christmas present. They had been planning this trip since the beginning of the summer. May had used the free week to herself to get extra shifts in at work. She was working that night and their flight was at 6 the next morning, so Peter slept over at Ned’s house. He hadn't planned on patrolling that night, but there had been a report on the police scanner (of course, Ned had one; he was Spider-Man’s guy in the chair) about something weird going on in the warehouse district. Peter suited up and ran out to save the day with Ned monitoring through his eyes. Ned couldn’t remember much of the fight; it was dark and everything was happening so fast. One second Peter was kicking ass and the next he was on the ground after a loud shout. Ned remembered how he had panicked. Screaming Peter’s name while the  thing ran off. It took 23 seconds, the most terrifying 23 seconds of Ned’s life, for Peter to respond. He moaned painfully as the screen blacked in and out, letting Ned know he was blinking. Finally. Even after he was awake, he wasn't very coherent so Ned was forced to sneak out his window and go find him. Maybe he would have been annoyed if he hadn't been so worried. He found him hiding in an alley, holding his side. Ned helped him up and supported his weight until they were climbing back into Ned’s window. It hadn't been the first time they snuck out the fire escape, but it was definitely the first time with one of them close to unconsciousness. Which was weird because Spider-Man got into lots of trouble. But this time, it was different. Ne wasn’t sure why, but he had a bad feeling about it. Now, almost an hour later, Peter was clutching to Ned’s toilet with white knuckles. The retching had only started a half hour ago, but it still wasn't over. It wasn't even normal puking; it was violent, painful, gagging, and gasping for air. Apparently, the 20-second break he had was enough for his body before he was back to heaving. Ned hated seeing his best friend in pain like this. He was already kneeling next to him (thank God he had a rug in here or his knees would hate him), but he continued to rub his back soothingly. “Maybe...maybe we should call someone? Mr. Stark? You haven't gotten sick like this since before the bite.” “N-no, Ned, he doesn't--.” Peter cut himself off with another round of puking. When he stopped, he let out a whimper and fell against the wall. “Peter,” Ned sighed. He didn't understand why he had to be so stubborn all the time. “‘m fine. Already feelin’ better,” Peter mumbled, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “May’s tacos are just coming back to haunt me.” Ned eyed him and declared, “If you're not done in the next 15 minutes then we're calling Mr. Stark.” Blindly, because his eyes were now shut, Peter reached out and patted Ned’s shoulder. “‘m fine, bro. Just need to sleep.” “I don't think you should be coming to Florida, Peter--.” That had Peter shooting up in awareness. “No! I can go. I  want to go.” Ned frowned sympathetically. He knew how much Peter wanted to go. He'd never been anywhere out of New York for vacation and he was excited to be spending it with Ned. “Peter, if you don't feel well, then you don't feel well. We can...we can plan another trip, okay?” Peter groaned, trying his head away, mumbling about how unfair life was. Ned squeezed his arm once. “Let's just see how the night goes, okay?” Peter nodded before throwing up again. Ned sighed. This was going to be a long night. As it turned out, their night didn't end until 2 when Peter finally stopped throwing up everything in his stomach. Ned cleaned him up and then dragged him to his bed. The minute his head hit the pillow, he was out. Ned sighed as he watched Peter sleep. He still looked pale and he was covered with a thin layer of sweat. He was upset that because of this Peter may not be able to go on vacation with him, but he was more worried that something was wrong. Peter wasn't supposed to get violently sick like this. He had super healing. That should include the flu, right? He tried not to worry about it as he crawled into bed next to him. Luckily, Ned had a queen size mattress and was very useful for sleepovers so Peter and Ned weren't cramped together. (But even the space between them didn't matter some nights-- Peter was like a freaking leech in his sleep). That night was no different and Peter was curled up in a ball with his back pressed against Ned’s side. So Ned didn't understand why
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
Team as Family
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Dad!Tony Stark
Kid Peter Parker
Canon-Typical Violence
Implied/Referenced Torture
Child Abuse
Kidnapping
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Light Angst
But mostly fluff
seriously this is like 60k of just self-indulgent toddler!peter
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

