Work Text:
The wind whistles past the darkened ferry windows as it makes its journey toward Block Island. Even though Darcy's safely inside the cabin she can still feel the cold seeping into her, feel the damp sea spray and rain on her clothes and on her skin. So she pulls her feet up onto her seat and wraps her arms around her knees, trying to keep as much warmth inside her as possible. It's not a vacation, not really. Steve had called her up barely twenty-four hours prior asking for her help, and who was she to deny her boys what little comfort she could offer? Well, they're not really her boys, Steve and Bucky. It's an interesting dance of a relationship they have, of constant flirting and friendly, intimate touches that never quite go as far as they could. Some days she's sure Steve just wants to lunge across that couch of his and pin either Bucky or her right down onto it until someone's gasping for air in the best way possible. Or her hands will end up on Bucky's bare back while she patches up some small battle scratch as Steve hands her a piece of gauze to tape over it. At that moment, it would be just the easiest thing to slide her hands down to his waist and even lower, watching how he stretches under her hands. Other times they act as if they’re the world's biggest children, playing like innocent little ones trying to fight the darkness with laughter. Sometimes they’re bratty teenagers, spending hours playing mock races and battles on Darcy's old video game console which had migrated over to the boys' place and made itself at home there as they call each other every nasty name in the book in the spirit of good fun. She doesn’t like to admit just how many nights she’s spent sleeping on their couch, which isn’t even all that comfortable, instead of her lonely, little studio out in the far end of Queens. And when they're not at work either saving the world or saving science, the three of them practically live in each other's pockets. Darcy's a great impromptu guide for the subtle nuances of the 21st century that Steve and Bucky haven't quite figured out yet – they’re good, but there are some things that elude her. The boys somehow manage to bring her back down to earth after spending too much time amongst the stars with Jane. It's a fine, delicate balance of a relationship that they've got going, one that doesn't make much sense to anyone else but them, and they’ve found that it totally works. There's always...something else, something more between the three of them. That the whole sum of the parts is far better than the individual components. They're not there yet, though. But someday (someday soon, a little voice in her head whispers) someone's going to break, Darcy knows. And when that happens? It's going to be a whole new world. She can't think about that right now, though. There's a potential crisis brewing, and she needs to focus on making sure her boys come back from that happy and whole. ---------- The sky's fully dark by the time the ferry arrives at New Shoreham, and the rain and wind has kicked up enough to make Darcy more than uncomfortable as she stands outside the port to pick up her taxi. The rain seeps in through her knit cap and while her coat blocks the worst of the weather, she's still feeling really uncomfortable. And wet. And cold. "The things I do for you two," Darcy mutters through chattering teeth and shivering lips just as a taxi pulls up to the curb. The island is small, not even ten miles by five miles, yet the ride feels interminable as the taxi drives north to a more sparsely populated area. Street lights are few and far between, and Darcy watches silently out the window as the taxi’s high beams illuminate what looks like scrubby, rolling hills with long grasses that are buffeted about by the wind and rain as they pass by. Eventually the SUV pulls onto what she’s sure is a dirt road given how much the ride’s bumping around, taking her even deeper into the middle of nowhere. The SUV pulls into a driveway paved with bits of crushed seashells, getting her as close to the small cottage as possible. Through the rain Darcy can make out the squared off structure, covered in weather-worn wooden shingles and white trim and shutters. There’s a small porch that leads up to a front door that’s painted in a matching bright white, and the light next to the door blazes on, providing some much needed illumination in the dark night. Huddled up against the porch is a large, tarp-covered lump which Darcy is certain covers up two motorcycles that have no doubt been as weatherproofed as possible. She pays the driver, says her thanks, then grabs her duffle bag and runs up the stairs to the covered porch. Even though the run’s only a few seconds, Darcy gets soaked practically to the bone again, cursing as rain slides under the collar of her coat and down her neck. Once under the safety of the cozy overhang she stamps her boots against the wooden floorboards, trying and failing to get as much wat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Threesome - F/M/M
there's a hint of a plot somewhere
but not really
Comfort Sex
I Blame Tumblr
Blow Jobs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

