Chapter 1: 1
    


Notes:
Thank you so much for checking out this story. This is my first go at an Alpha/Omega story and I hope you enjoy! This is only my second fic so I'm still working on my tag game, if I missed any that you think are important please let me know so I can add them.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
 
 
 

Cold… why did it have to be so cold?


Peter rubbed his hands together, trying to get some of the feeling back into them. It was mid January and New York was suffering from a severe cold snap. There's an icy wind whipping through the city and cutting straight through Peter’s threadbare jacket, chilling the 19 year old to his bones.


He was standing in front of a public library waiting for it to open so he could slip inside and get out of the winter air. It's what he did most days. The librarians there were kind to him and didn't shoo him away like they did other loiterers. Probably because he was an omega and would sit quietly reading, not causing them any trouble.


"Five more minutes." Peter told himself as he checked his watch. It was a 
nice 
watch. Simple but 
nice 
with a worn, black leather strap. It had been his Uncle Ben's and Peter only took it off when he bathed. Though the last time he'd been able to get a shower was four days ago, when he'd managed to get into one of the few omega shelters in the city.


"Four more minutes." Peter hopped up and down, rubbing his arms, his teeth chattering violently. God, why did it have to be so cold. Maybe he should head south. It's warm down south. The image of a sandy beach filled Peter’s head. He could try to scrape together the money for a bus ticket, but it wouldn't be easy...


"Three more minutes." Peter pushed away from the stone wall at the base of the library's steps that had been blocking some of the wind and moved to climb the stairs. What he wouldn't give to back home with his Aunt May right now. A pang of sorrow ran through his chest. His Aunt May had fallen ill three months ago.


She was no longer able to care for herself, so her dear friend Anna Watson had taken her in. She was sincerely sorry that they didn't have any room for Peter, but he had insisted that he would be fine and could stay with a friend. Of course Peter couldn't bring himself to impose on any of his friends, and with Aunt May's medical bills they'd had to give up their house to help cover the cost. Peter called and visited her whenever he could, pretending that everything was okay.


"Two more minutes. Just two more." Peter had made it to the top of the stairs, peering inside the library and seeing the lights were already on. One of the librarians would be coming along to unlock the doors, then he could finally get some feeling back in his body.


"One mo-" Peter gasps as rough hands grab him from behind, dragging him down the stone steps, and tossing him into the back of a van. Pain jolts through him as his frozen limbs make contact with the metal floor of the van. The scent of Alpha was all around him, and as he looks up he sees a large shape looming over him and the sound of the van door closing with a loud thunk. He jerked up to scream for help, but the Alpha punched him hard in the gut and everything went black.

 

~~~


"Told you I'd have a pretty one for you today. I've been eyeing him for a while now."


The voice was grating on Peters senses, his head pounding fiercely. Every muscle in his body ached and he couldn't move his arms. His eyes fluttered open, squinting at the bright light that was shining down from above.


"Ah, sleeping beauty is awake." This voice was smoother than the last, but something about it sent a chill down Peters spine.

 

Looking around Peter could see two men, both Alphas based on their scents. One was tall and muscular with a ruggedly handsome face and a cocky grin, the other a slender, well-dressed man in a suit with cold eyes.


"Come on Ajax, do you want him or not? I know plenty sellers who would give me top dollar for an unmated omega as pretty as him." The taller man says, his voice confident.


Peter’s heart started to pound in his chest. Sellers? He'd seen the stories in the paper and heard the reports on the radio. Omegas had been going missing throughout the city and human traffickers were suspected. Omegas, particularly young or pretty ones, supposedly fetched a high price to those who wanted a private sex toy or those running illegal brothels.


"I'll take him. I have no doubt he'll sell quickly. Nice work Rumlow." The Alpha called Ajax pulled a stack of bills from his pocket and handed them over.


"Always a pleasure working with you." The cocky Alpha winked at Peter before turning to saunter out of the room, leaving Peter alone with Ajax.


"Let’s get started, shall we?" Ajax slips off his suit jacket, draping it over a chair and reaching to pull some medical gloves from a box set on a nearby table.


That’s when Peter started to struggle. "Please
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
A/B/O dynamic
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade Wilson
Human Trafficking
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bonding
Brief Non-Con at Start
Mild Violence at Start
Housewife Peter
no powers
Sugar Baby Peter Parker
Sugar Daddy Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spider-Man/Deadpool
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

