Chapter 1: Academic Decathlon Competition
    


Summary:

Wherein Tony Stark is one of those dad's who loves going to his kid's competitions.





Chapter Text

It wasn’t that Peter didn’t want to tell Mr. Stark about his upcoming competition- in fact, he wanted to tell Tony so badly. It was just that Peter knew Mr. Stark would be way too busy to attend a measly Academic Decathlon competition, even if it was a semi-final.


I mean, he probably has a million other things to do, 

Peter thought, staring as Tony wielded another piece of Iron Man armour to his new suit. While Tony had become much more attentive of his mentee after the Homecoming fiasco, he was still the world famous Tony Stark: genius, billionaire, and former playboy philanthropist. If there wasn’t a crisis that required Iron Man, then there would be some event that needed Tony Stark.
Plus, Peter was already beyond grateful that Mr. Stark even bothered to spend any time with him. Every Friday night Mr. Stark would have Peter come over and help him work on new tech, suit repairs, and general awesome science stuff. The Stark Internship wasn’t a cover anymore, especially since Aunt May knew about his Spider-Man secret. Peter had even gotten a cool new ID card with his name and picture on it that said “Official Stark Industry Intern” which he had shown off at school, much to Flash’s chagrin. And sometimes they didn't even work on anything, instead opting to eat dinner together and watch a movie. Mr. Stark would ask him how school was, and Peter would regale tales to tony about his latest Spider-Man antics.So, yeah, it wasn't fair to blame Mr. Stark for not wanting to attend Peter’s competition. In fact, it would be selfish for Peter to even ask, knowing how much stress-
“I can hear you worrying from all the way over here, kid,” Tony said, not looking up from his position across the table. 

“W-what? I'm not worrying!” Peter defended, wincing at the way his voice cracked from nervousness. 

Really not helping my case here

.
Tony looked up from the armour he was working on, and gave him a deadpan stare. “Honestly, kiddo, you need to work on your lies. So spill, what's going on in that big brain of yours?”
Peter swallowed, throat suddenly dry. 

Just tell him! 

He opened his mouth, closed it, opened it again, and said “Uh, nothing honestly.”

Mr. Stark rolled his eyes again. “So that's how it's gonna go, huh? Well, I 

was

 going to invite you to stay the weekend and even have a whole Star Wars marathon with you, but since you're keeping secrets, I guess I'll have to take my invention back.”
Peter, who had been staring at his converse clad feet, snapped up his head to look at Tony.
“Seriously?! Ohmygosh thank you Mr. Stark, we can watch them in storyteller order! Ned’s gonna be so jealous, and-” Peter abruptly stopped talking, suddenly remembering that the competition was tomorrow morning, meaning he couldn't stay. “Um, I'm really sorry Mr. Stark, I can't this weekend.”
“What's wrong kid? Don't you want to stay over? Or already bored of me?” Tony asked, trying to play it off as a joke, but peter could see concern in his dark brown eyes.“No I do! I really do Mr. Stark, honest. It's just that, well, uh I have something to do tomorrow morning. In the city, I mean.”Tony stared at Peter, and Peter could feel himself reddening under his gaze. Sighing, Peter reluctantly elaborated, “My academic decathlon team has a competition tomorrow at 10AM. It’s the semifinals, after this we’d be two comps away from states again.”Across from him Tony made an affronted noise. “And you weren’t going to tell me because…?”Still blushing from embarrassment, Peter answered, “Well, because I thought you’d be busy. I dunno, I didn’t want to bother you for some stupid competition.”Tony shook his head. “Kid, for a genius, you sometimes have the dumbest ideas.”“What do you mean?” Peter asked, confused.“Kiddo, your important stuff is my important stuff. So if you have one of those adorable little nerd events happening tomorrow, I want to come and cheer you on.”Peter felt a warm feeling bubble in his chest. “So… you would want to come?”
“Of course! I’d love to watch you wipe the floor against other nerds. Couldn’t imagine spending my time doing anything better.”
Peter hadn’t had anyone come to cheer him on in his competitions in a long time, not since Uncle Ben died. Both his Aunt and Uncle were proud and supportive of his AcaDeca skills, always quizzing him on the days leading up to the competition. But since Ben died, May had to work a lot more shifts at the hospital. When Peter would remind her of an upcoming competition, her eyes would go strained and sad, and she would say, “I would love to go, baby, but I have to work that day. Next time, I promise.”

After awhile, Peter had stopped asking, hating himself for making his Aunt feel guilty. 

Just suck it up

, he would think to himself

. Aunt May has to work to provide for your sorry ass, and it's just a stupid competition.


[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
dad tony
Father-Son Relationship
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Grief/Mourning
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Parent Tony Stark
Fluff and Angst
Sick Peter
Bullying
New York Mets
Iron Dad
Spider-son

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

