Chapter 1: Steve Rogers
    




Chapter Text


Waking up has never been a peaceful experience for Steve. It was always either painful, or startling, or violent - so when he opens his eyes slowly and music is pouring around him gently, the air is just the perfect temperature for comfortably napping a bit more and no other breathing sounds nearby, he immediately knows something - or everything - is  off  . He just needs a few more seconds to figure out and pinpoint  what,  exactly.He’s in no pain, he registers immediately, though he has some lingering… soreness, the memory of a past ache maybe, of pins and needles of inappropriate blood flow. Weird. He blinks twice, staring up at the ceiling, assessing his environment. The air smells wrong - unfamiliar. It’s just… just not right, it has gasoline and ozone and disinfectant in it that mixes with the traces of pine and ocean and scent of other humans nearby. Even the taste of it is wrong, too.Steve forces his muscles to stay lax as he tries to process more information, turning only his head. The room is. Cozy. But it has reinforced walls, he can tell. They don’t look like reinforced walls, but there are no sounds from outside, and the music bounces back from them with a little echo. Steve recognizes a fortified container if he’s in one. How long has he been here? His body feels restless, and he itches for movement so bad that he sits up, damn strategic observations first.The bed he has been laid down on is nice too. It feels too soft, and one touch of bare skin of his fingers on the sheets tells it’s an expensive one, nothing like he’s ever slept on before. Not Army regulation for sure.There are small cameras in each corner of the room, near the ceiling, lenses aimed at the bed. At  him. Steve tenses up despite his effort to stay calm and he feels his breaths hitching.Everything’s off. Everything’s wrong. Even the warm yellowish shade of the lightbulbs is unfamiliar, and since the serum Steve’s been almost obsessed with tones and palettes, he knows it shouldn’t be like this.He should be dead. He crashed a damn plane into the icy ocean. No human could survive such a fall. Is he human at all? After how much he’s been changed? Or is this some kind of twisted waiting room for the afterlife? Well. That sounds more bureaucratic than Steve likes to think, so. Better not that be the case or he’ll be highly disappointed in the system, whether it be heavenly or hellish. Though. Considering his sins - including suicide -, he’d bet on hellish, and why would the afterlife even care about his opinion in the first place? At least Bucky should’ve been waiting for him or something. That jerk probably enjoys a good drink, dancing with beautiful angel dames somewhere warm where there is no mud anymore. At least Steve hopes. He wishes to join him. That should’ve been the whole  point  of dying.‘ Who knew dying is this stressful, ’ Steve thinks to himself (not daring to mutter in case the walls have ears and not just eyes), still scanning the room. It barely has any furniture: beside the bed and the bedside table, there is only a small chest of drawers (with fresh flowers on it, Steve notices with belated amusement), a coat hanger (what the hell) and a flat black rectangle on the wall whose purpose Steve can’t identify. The quiet music comes from the speakers located on both sides of the rectangle.And where are his clothes. Who undressed and dressed him? Have they even styled his hair? How weird.Steve tries his best to keep himself under control, but he starts to fail. His head is swimming, his thoughts spiraling out, jumping from one question to another at an increasing speed.He wants his shield back. Who has him? Are they hostile? The music is nice, at least: suspicious, but nice. But why and how long and how has this even happened.He needs answers. When he stands up, his knees are weak, but he’s able to walk to the door and try it. Of course, it’s locked. The room has no windows.He needs answers. Do his captors know the extent of his capabilities? Highly unlikely, given that he still surprises even himself from time to time when they point out his impossible stunts. Like surviving crashing a plane into the fucking ocean. ‘Well done, Rogers, you can’t even die when you should.’ His hands are balled into fists already. He punches the wall and he’s momentarily satisfied with the dent the strike leaves. The vibrations that run through his arm probably mean he’d need several more hits to actually break through, but it’s not impossible, and he pulls his arm back to punch again.The door opens up and a man walks inside. He moves with a confidence that makes Steve retreat two steps at first - just in case he needs the space to defend himself - before he plants his heels firmly on the floor.Steve was never a man to shy away from a fight, neither one to wait idly for the events to happen to him. He was always the one to rush them, to hurry toward them, and he does so now as well. He lifts h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending
background F/F (mentioned)
stuckony - Freeform
Polyamory
Estabilished winteriron
Pining
Mutual Pining
Getting Together
Developing Relationship
mentioned past abuse and torture
implied/referenced PTSD
Canon-Typical Violence
WinterIronShield Bang
WinterIronShield Bang 2018
basically rewriting the MCU
because why not
a different kind of redemption
and a kinder universe
Everybody Lives
except the bad guys they deserve to die
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Steve Rogers Defense Squad
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
everyone gets hugs eventually I swear
Protective Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Avengers AU
Bucky and Tony are together since IM1
standard warnings apply for tortured people
because these boys have issues
A Lot of Issues
let me know if i portray anything incorrectly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

