Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Peter sprinted through the hallway.  The excitement bubbled up in him, and he couldn’t keep the huge smile off his face.  Class was finally over.  The day had seemed to drag on and on, but now it was officially the weekend.  And not just any weekend.  It was the first weekend he’d get to don the Spiderman suit since school started a little over a month ago.  Bruce had finally cleared him last night to his dad’s obvious dismay.  Well Tony would just have to get over it because he planned to spend his entire weekend catching up on lost time.“Peter where are you going?” Ned called out behind him.  “Wait up!”Peter spun around but kept up a swift backwards pace as he addressed his friend.  “I have to get home!  I have plans for tonight remember?”“I know, but can’t I come with you?” Ned said out of breath as he ran to catch up.  “Guy in the chair, remember?”Peter laughed, bright and delighted.  “Next time!”Ned’s face crumpled enough that Peter felt a stab of remorse at the flippant denial.“I promise.” Peter added, which drew a reluctant smile from Ned.“I’m going to hold you to that.” Ned said as Peter whipped back around and started running down the hallway again.  “And don’t forget to come over tomorrow!  Like you promised!”“I won’t!  See you tomorrow!” Peter responded over his shoulder before he burst through the school doors and bounded down the steps three at a time.  His foot had just landed on the second to last step when his spidey sense went off.  The split second he spent trying to figure out what could possibly be a threat to him in the middle of the day at school cost him.  His right shoulder hit something solid and unyielding and threw him off balance.  He couldn’t stop his forward momentum so he spun and went flying to the ground.  Luckily, he managed to get his left hand out to cushion his fall slightly before his side hit the concrete and he rolled a couple times to a stop.He sat up and his attention was instantly drawn to a group of kids laughing nearby.  In the center was Flash.  Of course.  Peter figured out what must’ve happened a second later.  Flash had been in the perfect position to step forward and clip him with a well placed shoulder.  Peter felt his cheeks heat.  He was a superhero and he’d been brought down by a schoolyard bully.  Nice.  Flash shouldn’t have been able to do that, but Peter had been off balance and Flash must’ve put all his weight into the blow.  Physics in action.Peter glared at them as he stood brusquely, refusing to give Flash the satisfaction of seeing that the fall had affected him in any way.  He leaned over and picked up the few books and notebooks that had scattered from his backpack during his fall.  He quickly shoved them back into their proper place.“Yeah haha very funny jackass.” Peter couldn’t keep the angry retort from escaping at Flash’s continued laughs.“What’d you call me?” Flash’s amused smirk was wiped away with a glower as he took a menacing step toward Peter.“You heard me.” Peter scowled back and took his own step forward, refusing to back down.  He was so sick of Flash and his bullshit, although this was the first time the other boy had gotten physical with him. “What?  Are you a tough guy now?” Flash threatened as he closed the remaining distance between them and gave Peter’s shoulders a rough shove.  “Fuck off.” Peter said angrily and shoved Flash back hard enough so his classmate stumbled.  A stormy look crossed Flash’s face as he recovered.  In a split second Peter realized this was escalating quickly and he was about to get into an actual fistfight.  And not as Spiderman.  As Peter Parker.  At school.  A thrum of adrenaline shot through him.  He knew he should back down but he was too fed up with all the crap he’d endured from Flash over the years to care.  And it wasn’t as if Flash could do any real damage to him.“Hey!  What’s going on over here?” A very stern adult voice interrupted before Flash’s clenched fist could pull back to land the punch Peter knew he had planned.Peter and Flash both took an abrupt step back from each other, neither wanting to get detention from whichever teacher had chanced upon them.  Or not a teacher actually, Peter realized as he turned toward the voice and saw the man it belonged to rapidly approaching.  Happy.“You all right kid?” Happy asked as he came to Peter’s side and placed a hand on his shoulder.“I’m fine.” Peter reassured, expecting Happy to start to pull him toward the car.  But instead, Peter watched as he turned to face Flash and took a threatening step forward, placing himself between Peter and Flash.“And who the hell are you punk?” Happy growled and Peter could read the obvious flicker of fear in Flash’s eyes.Peter took a moment to appreciate the imposing figure Happy cut in his dark suit and black wayfarer sunglasses.  It was easy to forget that before Ironman, Happy had been Tony Stark’s personal bodyguard, but the way he was posturing now gave Peter no do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
Nightmares
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

