Work Text:
  It starts off like this.  Pain under his ribs, right under where his heart beats faster than he can count, fast and hard enough that it's all he can hear. Sounds just like a rifle going off. Streets ain't safe around here. His father said run, "Run if you hear a shot, you run back home where it's safe, where I can keep you safe, boy, alright?" but he's home now and his legs freeze and gunshots fill his head even though it's dead quiet outside.  Dead. Red stains the floor. His heart, a beating drum with somebody's clawed fist around it, digging deep. It hurts, oh God, it hurts —please, utata, please wake up, he hears himself say— and he never thought he'd have to see his own father like this.  He saw Mikey's father once, Mikey who lived down by the corner shop and shot hoops with them on the weekends, he saw Mikey's dad on the ground after the cops came. It was dark and it looked like he was just sleeping in a rain puddle. He didn't know what death was back then, but he was crying anyway, crying all the way back home for no reason. He was just sleeping in a rain puddle, wasn't he?  Ain't no mistaking it now. The lights are on. Bright, yellow lights that catch in the blood. So much blood, slick on his hands, his t-shirt, as he rocks himself back and forth with his dad in his arms. Is he crying? He can't tell. The claws dig deeper into his heart until it feels like he can't breathe. Sounds rush out of him, echo in the quiet of the night.  He sits there 'til sunlight. His small hands stroking at his father's arms, trying to put some warmth back in, not knowing what else to do. Noise fills the streets. People yelling, cars honking.  Cars. Flying cars. Dad told stories about flying cars, magic herbs that could turn men into panthers, ruling invisible kingdoms with beautiful sunsets spilling across the mountains. He used to think that was all made up. But there was a spaceship. There was a spaceship in the Oakland sky before he found his father like this, and suddenly, Erik feels the claw around his heart snap into place.  It's the last time he feels hurt. The last time he feels anything at all.  —  Black ops get him feeling something. Having somebody's life in your hands will do that to you, heart beating out of sync 'til it starts to hurt. The claw under his ribs goes tight for a few precious minutes, its grip a strange comfort by now.  Nothing but pain and his own pride left. Even then, pain is little, a small pinprick sensation no matter the size of the wound. Bullets and bombs feel the same, and knives feel like nothing. He misses the claw. Finds it every time he makes the shot, more so if he pictures Wakanda's sovereign on the enemy's face.  Target practice. He gets plenty of it. He's already taken out more people than he can count by the time the idea of scarification comes to him. Why not? If he's gonna take back the kingdom, might as well have something to show for his efforts when he gets there.  He starts off at the arms. High up where his team won't see and start asking questions. One dot per body, not counting group kills, 'cause there's only so much room to spare.  Not a lot of privacy in the shit, so he keeps the tally in his head 'til he can find a moment to himself. Doing it alone ain't easy. He keeps the skin raised with a peg he grabbed off some Afghan villager's clothesline and cuts through it with a damn sewing needle from his med kit. Quick and easy.  He fills an arm up in less than a month. The last dot goes over his pulse point, just below the wrist of his uniform. He sits on the dusty floor of a Ukrainian ghetto with the TV on and studies himself in the mirror.  The fresh dot drips blood down his fingers. He smiles. Imagines the look on king T'Chaka's face when he sees all this, wonders what cry his son would make when Erik makes their whole clan nothing but raised dots on his own skin. King T'Chaka's son. His cousin. Set to inherit the panther's suit, the crown that was meant for him all along.  He'll leave him for last. It'll be slow. Real slow, pliers-and-razorblades slow so everybody in Wakanda can hear his screams. So T'Challa can feel the pain he felt that quiet night in Oakland with his hands full of his father's corpse. Will he howl? Beg like the Ukrainian dignitary Erik cut into pieces only an hour ago, beg for his life and his family's, too?  He hopes so. It'll be worth it. All the days spent trying to raise himself in the projects. Trying to survive gang wars, being harassed by cops every day of his life. All the days spent busting his ass at college, trying to be more than people the same color as him were expected to be.  All because of what? His father's compassion?  His fists clench. Before he can realize what he's done, the mirror is shattered. Shards are sticking out of his knuckles. The TV shows nothing but static.    —    "...erupted into chaos as an explosion rattled the International Center in Vienna. Multiple casualties have been reported. A number has yet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

freeform: 
Bottom T'Challa (Marvel)
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

