Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The low insistent burn starts midday, and by the time night settles over Wakanda, T'Challa is sweating profusely beneath his robes. Shuri notices the moisture dotting his brow despite the chill of the night and purses her lips.“You forgot to take your suppressants again, brother,” Her words are gently scolding and he does not have the strength tonight to keep up the king’s mask, not in front of his sister anyway. So T’Challa does not fight her when Shuri whisks him off to the lab for the last minute shots that will take the edge off his impending heat.“Take your shirt off,” Shuri orders briskly, syringe in hand. She wrinkles her nose at his scent when T’Challa eases his robes open with unsteady hands. He drops his gaze when she sees the set of crescent bite marks at his throat, barely visible beneath the Black Panther necklace, but she knows where to look and the claiming mark lies there, silent and mocking, just like the eyes of the man who had placed it there.“Don’t, Shuri,” T’Challa says before she can open her mouth. She harrumphs. Their medical technologies are advance enough to erase every trace of the bond between him and Erik Killmonger, but her brother has always been fond of punishing himself.“You don’t ever regret it?” She asks instead, pressing the cold metal against his abdomen and delivering the first shot. He would need to come to her for the second one in 24 hours, but the drugs would ensure a relatively stress-free and mellow experience.“It is my fault, not his,” T’Challa points out, “I lost the suppressant kit you sent with me to Vienna, and the stress from father’s untimely death made it all the worse. I bit him first.”Well, technically they had bitten each other at the same time, but Shuri needn’t learn of that minor detail.“Call me if you need me, brother,” Shuri’s mouth is still twisted into a disapproving frown, but her eyes are alight with humor when she leans in and whispers, “I told the staff to put some newly designer toys in your emergency ‘hump drawer', you should check those out and give me some feedback.”She yelps when he flicks her in the ear.“Do not speak to your king this way, Shuri,” T’Challa says seriously, fighting off the blush.She rolls her eyes, “Now you pull the king card? Boring.”Shaking his head and trying to push away all thoughts that keep crossing back to the angry alpha locked away in Wakanda’s cells, T’Challa walks quickly out of Shuri’s lab.  “Where do you think you are going at this hour?” Okoye’s voice is steely behind him and T’Challa freezes involuntarily, the female alpha’s intimidating presence sending a shiver down his spine in his weakened state.“To find Shuri for the second dose,” He lies smoothly.“You don’t need a booster for another thirteen hours, T’Challa, where were you going? Tell the truth this time.”When he does not answer, she draws in a sharp breath and hisses in scandalized disbelief, “were you headed to see him?”“I was not.”“You are a terrible liar.”“I need—““You do not need the cock of an outsider, one that has usurped you throne and mocked the Royal family at every chance!” She insists angrily, then in a softer voice, says, “I know you wish to repent for your father’s wrongdoings, but this is not the way, my King.”“You are right, Okoye, I do not need him, I want him,” He looks her in the eye and this time it is Okoye that averts her gaze. “I can pretend not to in front of my people and country, but here, now, I do not have the strength.”Okoye exhales, her shoulders slumping with resignation. When T’Challa turns to the door once more, she stops him again, a sad little smile flickering across her face briefly as she says, “stay, the Sisters and I will bring him to you. Your heat should not be spent in a prison cell, your Highness.”He bites his lip and squeezes her hand in gratitude, "Very well.”  T’Challa scents Erik before he sees him.Erik Stevens smells like the sea, of salt damp wind and wild freedom, and he suddenly recalls their first time together, the flashing whiteness of the alpha’s smile, his solid presence at T’Challa’s back, the warm palm pressed against the small of his back. Erik had reminded T’Challa of home, and later that night, under the protective cover of night, he had briefly abandoned his duties as the new leader of a country and lost himself to the pleasures of the human body. Shaken to the core had not been a strong enough phrase to describe how he had felt that day when Erik had stood across from him, a challenger to the throne and their intimate secrets bared for the world to see.“Looks like someone wants a good hard fuck,” Erik sounds vindictively gleeful. It is a front, T’Challa knows. He has seen the wounded child beneath the hardened man when Erik had wept at the beauty of the fiery sunset in T’Challa’s arms that day. He hears the sound of flesh meeting flesh and Erik grunts.“Okoye, that is enough,” T'Challa calls out before he can stop himself. His heart is thumping like crazy bene
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Explicit Sexual Content
Bottom T'Challa (Marvel)
Black Panther (2018) Spoilers
Angst
Cousin Incest
Topping from the Bottom
Multiple Orgasms
Erik is a Troll
Post-Canon
Mpreg
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

