Work Text:
The first time they meet, Peter is seventeen.He’s also enamored.He’s heard of the Merc with a Mouth (of course he has) and what he’s heard couldn’t possibly prepare him for the real thing. First, his spider senses, which alert him to the cosmic shift of a mere door opening in his vicinity, do nothing to warn him of the psychopath sneaking up behind him.Secondly, the snippets of information he’s heard hadn’t mentioned that the mercenary was  stunning.Peter had all of one romantic relationship to speak of--a girl from his AP biology class--and while things ended amicably their obligatory prom night coupling was nothing special. She had been cute, smooth skin and long legs, but his fumbling was from nerves rather than anticipation.One look at the infamous Deadpool makes his mouth go dry and his certainty about his sexuality evaporates. Something curls in his gut and are his knees suddenly weak?The man is built, his skin tight suit leaving little to Peter’s suddenly active imagination. He is a teenager, hormonal by design, but he is also Spider-Man. Spider-Man is good-natured and quick-witted, not a horny teenager who rubs one out into a tissue in the confines of his bedroom.Spider-Man has self-control. Peter, however, is aghast to be visually violating the assassin standing a few yards away from him. The man’s posture screams of confidence that definitely crosses the line into arrogance and Peter’s still-growing mind finds it incredibly sexy.The spell is shattered when the imposing figure speaks, gleefully calling Peter by a nickname that makes heat rise to his cheeks.“Spidey-Boy!”Peter automatically takes a defensive stance, eyes narrowing. The other makes no move to attack him. “Hi,” his masked head tilts to one side and Peter has the suspicion the other man is grinning. “Deadpool. Big fan. We should hook-up.”Peter balks, grateful his mask hides his flaming cheeks. But there’s nothing his suit can do to conceal his downwards swirling blood and he frantically fills his mind with thoughts that dampen his arousal.Any snarky reply is lost to a blurted, “I do not ‘hook-up’,” complete with air quotes.Deadpool drops to one knee, one hand on his chest and the other reaching out towards Peter. “My sun, my reason, my Juliet. Mary me. I wanna have your spider babies.” His voice lilts, the pitch high but not unpleasant.The unique quality of Deadpool’s voice briefly distracts Peter from the other’s actual statement.When the words register he takes a step back, no longer worried about showing weakness.“You don’t even know me!” He squawks.Deadpool, who had been babbling nonsensically to himself snaps his attention back to Peter. “I’d love to change that, baby boy.” His voice drops and the unintentional innuendo makes a shiver travel down Peter’s spine and into his curling toes.Peter mentally repetes a mantra of turn-offs: dead puppies, food encrusted in the corners of peoples mouths, coffee breath. It takes a few moments for his heart rate to lower, and when it does he forces himself to be Spider-Man instead of Peter Parker.“Get up.” He says, harsher than he intends and at the same time not harsh enough. Deadpool eagerly leaps to his feet.“So what do you say, baby boy? I’m thinking a summer reception, outdoors, with a chocolate fountain.”Peter rolls his eyes, and can’t help the smile that tugs at his lips. “Did you hear about the two spiders who got engaged?” He delivers the punchline before Deadpool can respond. “They met on the web.”Deadpool laughs, a deep, rich sound that Peter wants to record and play on a loop. Was that creepy? He’d have to ask MJ if that was a normal impulse.He spins on his heels and walks to the ledge of the rooftop Deadpool had found him on. He tosses a glance back at the man. “You coming?”Deadpool comically staggers and stares at him, unnervingly silent for a man whose title is ‘Merc with a Mouth’.Peter smirks, “try to keep up.”Deadpool does.And just like that, with no other words or negotiations, they’re partners in stopping crime.Peter finds Deadpool likes the sound of his own voice. The fact he likes it too is something he keeps to himself. The taller man jabbers constantly about past missions, going into gory detail about how he’s ‘unalived’ his targets. It is a slap to the face, a reminder that this manic, handsome, fun guy he’s crushing on is a  murderer.“If you’re going to attach yourself to my hip they’ll be no murdering.” He says firmly, and Deadpool slides out of his personal space with a pout.“That’s no fun. And no fair, that’s my bread and butter.” He whines petulantly, and Peter wonders what he’s gotten himself into.“I guess you don’t want to have my babies.” He says with mock disappointment.He’s joking. He thinks he’s joking.Deadpool is a dangerous criminal, he knows that. But in the night he’s spent with him Peter can tell Deadpool isn’t a  bad person. Misguided and reckless, lacking of any appreciation for human life, but not intrinsically bad.Thinking that makes Peter qu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Falling In Love
Friends to Lovers
Best Friends
Fluff and Smut
Male Slash
Anal Sex
almost underage
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

