Work Text:
Peter didn’t blow up the chemistry lab on purpose, it simply happened. The teacher stood in front of the class, explaining something he already understood. Peter got bored, then remembered that he was almost out of web fluids So one thing lead to another and Peter was mixing web fluids under his desk again. Nothing out of the ordinary, really, just a typical Tuesday afternoon. Peter had everything under control. He’d made the web fluids so many times already, he could’ve done it in his sleep.Maybe that’s why Peter had let his mind drift off. He shouldn’t have done that. Overconfidence in one’s skills was never a good thing, as his aunt May once told him.Peter was just fantasizing about his next great superhero adventure.  Maybe he could even fight some aliens! Not that he wanted the earth to be invaded, again. What would happen if he wore his suit into outer space? An unlikely situation, but it was fun to think about. Perhaps he could ask Mister Stark about it when he was at the compound again.The mixing of the chemicals went smoothly, until it all went wrong, quickly.‘-Mister PARKER!’Peter jumped in his chair, instantly snapping out of his fantasies. Unfortunately, that caused him to drop both beakers of chemicals that he held in his hand. Peter was also quite certain that something else, something that definitely shouldn’t be mixed with the other chemicals, fell into the mix when his knee hit the desk.‘Mister Parker if you could answer the question on the b-’‘GET DOWN!’ Peter shouted. He pushed Ned out of his seat, as far away as possible, but still too close for Peter’s liking. He tried to cover Ned’s body with his own, protecting him from the blast Peter knew was inevitable.‘Mister Parker what are y-’ His chemistry teacher was cut off by a loud explosion. The other kids screamed as they duck for cover. Peter cried out in pain as hot acid bit into his back.The explosion was over in an instant.It was quiet save for the sizzling of the acid on the tables. Peter stood up, gritting his teeth so he wouldn’t scream again. He looked around the room and sighed in relief. At least no one else got hurt because of his mistake.Ned scrambled to his feet. ‘Dude! Are you all right?’ He asked worriedly, looking at the burns of on Peter’s back.‘I’ll be fine’, Peter said, trying to look assuring. What he said was true, though his back hurt like hell, Peter knew that it would heal quickly thanks to his enhanced healing powers. Being a superhero had its perks.‘What the FUCK was that?!’ Flash yelled from the back of the classroom. ‘Are you trying to kill us, Parker?!’‘What? NO!’ The fire alarm went off as soon as the words left his mouth. Followed by the sprinklers.‘Everyone OUT!’ Mr. Cobbwell called. The class flooded out of the room. The other classes, upon realizing that this wasn’t a drill, were soon to follow.‘You’ll be heading towards the principal’s office as soon as were allowed back in again, Mister Parker’, Mr. Cobbwell told him.‘Yes sir’, Peter replied.  He flinched when Mr. Cobbwell placed a hand on his shoulder. It was then that his teacher finally noticed his injuries.‘Peter!’ He scolded, shocked. ‘Why didn’t you say something?! We have to bring you to the nurse!’‘Oh, no, no’, Peter declined. ‘It’s not necessary, really!’ The wounds would heal within a day, less if he were lucky.‘That’s not up for discussion’, Mr. Cobbwell said firmly. ‘We’re going. Now!’‘Yes, sir.’...After an hour, the nurse had finished treating the burns on his back. ‘Second-degree burns’, she’d scolded. ‘What were you thinking!’ Peter hadn’t managed to reply.The nurse made him change into a new shirt, since the acid bit through his previous one. So now Peter sat in front of the principal’s office, waiting, while wearing a shirt that spelled out ‘oops’ with the elements of the periodic table. Peter found it quite funny, but he was probably the only one, if the stink eye the secretary gave him was anything to go by.Eventually, he got called into the office. Principal Morita sat behind his desk while the head chief of the fire department stood beside him. The chief was a buff guy. He had his arms crossed and a stern look on his face. Any other kid would no doubt have been intimidated, but Peter, who fought criminals in his free time, not so much. At least he had the decency to look guilty and apologetic.‘Mister Parker.’ Principal Morita greeted. He gestured for him to sit down. Peter did, careful not to touch the back of the chair.‘What were you doing with those chemicals?’ The principal interrogated.‘I- uhm.’ Peter couldn’t exactly confess that he was making web fluids for his web shooter so he could go catch bad guys as Spider-man. ‘I got bored during class, sir. I was experimenting with some chemicals to test their reactions. I shouldn’t have done that, it was really stupid. I’m really sorry sir, I truly am. I never meant for anything to happen.’‘Those were dangerous chemicals you were messing with, kid’, the chief said. ‘They wer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dad!Tony

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

