Chapter 1





Chapter Text
When he first presented as an omega T'Challa knew his Baba was disappointed. His father never outwardly said it or went out of his way to let him know. But T'Challa knew. He remembered the whispers of the council about the king's omega heir. How could an omega be king? When they couldn't even inherit land? He remembers leaving his room after his first heat and feeling embarrassed. Wondering just what was going to happen to him. Was his father going to have him mated off? His fears were put to rest quickly though. His Baba had declared that no council member was to speak on his son's omega-hood. That if anyone was caught it would be treason to the crown. He also declared that T'Challa was still his heir. Much to the disappointment of some of the council. However, his Baba had stood tall though in the meeting and declared that if any council member had problems with his heir they were welcome to challenge him. No one did. Since then however, T'Challa worked twice as hard at everything he did. From training to lessons he excelled.  He refused to let his gender get the best of him especially since he didn't need an alpha or want an alpha. He was fine. No knot was going to define him. Ever. ~ "My king! My king!" A frantic voice called as a woman ran in the room where the newly crowned king sat. Erik looked up at the intruder in his throne room.  The alpha watched with barely concealed amusement as the Dora Milaje stood to action. Spears up as if this farmer woman stood a chance against them. She was clearly no threat, but he had to comment their effort. "Let her through" He commanded as a scent wafted through the room. Erik quickly scented her.  She carried a scent on her that was not her own. Hers was salty and screamed of a years old claim. Her scent was one of a lowly beta.  The scent she carried however was sweet, and tangy at the same time. It reminded him of the smell of tarts his mother would make sometimes when he was a child. Of the summers in Oakland before his father was murdered.  The scent was undoubtedly omega. Curiosity piqued he watched as the woman was led to the middle of the throne room, where she shakenly bowed before standing up and keeping her eyes averted. "What do you want?" he said as he gestured for her to talk trying not to let his impatience be known. "M-my king me and my brother were fishing near the edge of the river that runs through our village when we found…" She paused and looked up at her new king with fear on her face. "We found T'Challa and-" Erik cut her off with a sardonic chuckle "You came here to tell me you found a body?" He questioned loudly smirking as he looked around. Surely even a peasant knew what to do with the body of the dead, now disgraced king. The woman shook her head and then continued with her previous sentence. "No, my king. He is...uh… he is alive." ~ All T'Challa could feel was heat. His body was shaking with need. He needed so bad he could feel it in every breathe he took. He could feel that he was tied up and not even moving against the sheets around his body alieved the want he felt. Opening his eyes, he was in a room he recognized.  It was a room made specifically for royal omegas. A room for breeding. When he was younger he and Shuri would joke that if either of them ever stepped in there they'd come out with two kids and a third on the way. It didn't seem so funny now. And with the remainder of his strength T'Challa prayed that he wasn't going to be bred, that maybe his mother and Nakia had found a way to overthrow Erik. His prayers went unanswered. As if waiting for T'Challa to finish his feeble prayers Erik stormed through the doors of the breeding chamber. His alpha scent seemed to engulf T'Challa and against his will his body began to strain towards the scent of unclaimed alpha. He tried to bite back his groans but to no avail. And if the look on Erik's face was any measure he knew affect he was having on T'Challa. T'Challa's stomach dropped. There was no way he was going to come out of this unharmed. And as if his body was controlled by something other than himself he could feel his arousal, his need peak. As if he wasn't suffering enough. "Well, well, well," Erik called out teasingly as he walked slowly to the bed T'Challa was on. "Who would've thought old T'Chaka would've left the thrown to a bitch" he said his voice getting deeper as he moved closer to where T'Challa was. Erik made no move to hide just how the omega was affecting him. There was no need to hide in this room. Made specifically to assist in breeding the heat scents wouldn't leave this place and thanks to the vibranium lined walls neither would sound. T'Challa could beg all he wanted, there was no escape. "I…am not…that." T'Challa grunted out finally in reply. He was not a bitch. An omega yes but a bitch never. He would never submit to Erik no matter what his body decided to do. Erik chuckled as he reached the left side of the bed. His eyes drinking i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Erik Killmonger
Omega T'Challa (Marvel)
Mpreg
heat - Freeform
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

