Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Svartalfheim had fallen once again at the hand of the Asgardians. The Dark Elves and their king were powerless. All of the reigning gods felt peace at last except for Loki, god of mischief. Had that damned fool Thor already given up in the avenging of his own mother? He was always arrogant to the point of belligerence, what the hell has inspired him to become so tempurate? Loki thought back to the paragon of wisdom and beauty that was his mother, and saw her fall to the floor again and again. Malekith would pay for this, and Loki knew exactly how to perturb him. Malekith will fall much further than his pitiful race.                                                                                                           ...      Malekith was shaken into consciousness by firm hands grabbing him and heaving him out of his royal bed chambers, sliding him over slain guards and rubble. He strained against Loki's pull, but Malekith was still in a decrepit state from the extraction of the Aether from his being. Loki brought him to the main hall and let the weak elf drop to the floor. ''Loki..'' Malekith growled ''Your people hath slaughtered mine and thy kingdom shines of glory and prosperity, so tell me of what strings that have been left uncut?'' Loki simply smirked as he watched his clones bring back a seemingly lifeless figure and let it drop in the same way before him. He kicked it to Malekith and the king of the Dark Elves cryed at the sight of the senseless, battered, and bloody form of his young daughter. ''JENSICARA!'' He boomed as he charged at Loki. Before he made much distance, however, a spiking pain in his stomach made him falter and hit the floor again. ''Oh, but you're only just in time for the show!'' Loki drawled with his usual mocking smirk.      ''Thou hast tossed away what innocently sits, forevermore damnation on thine own!'' Spat Malekith. ''Tossed away?'' Loki asked, raising an eyebrow. ''I must disagree. I have done nothing less than use dear Jensicara for all that she is valued. You should be quite proud of her, not one has pleasured me so since the whores of Midgaurd.'' Malekith was enflamed with hideous fury, but was silent for at that moment, a holographic projection appeared before him. The screen displayed nothing but a visual of Jensicara lying unconscious in a chamber of obvious Asgardian architecture. ''You will watch the memory I have set before you in its entirety, or your dear little harlot dies now.'' Loki said, his spear directly above her motionless body. Malekith said nothing, but turned his face to the screen.      After several minutes of a completely still picture, Jensicara awoke and staggered to her feet. She stood, confused, until the arched doorway swung open and Loki strode into the room followed by several of his clones. Five of them stood in the corners of the chamber. ''Loki!'' Jensicara quickly plunged at the group, her fists met mutiple clones and she was perplexed as they did not disappear. ''Impressed?'' Loki sneered ''It's a fine little trick of my own innovation. That is beside the point, however. Do you not want to know why I have brought you here?'' ''Damn your idle prattling!'' Jensicara shouted as she dove at the Lokis once more. ''Ah-ah-ah'' Loki chided as he froze her with his magic.      The real god of mischief revealed himself from a corner and sniggered at the immoble princess. He took that moment to admire her young, beautiful form. ''Quite the fighter you are!'' Loki said as she struggled to break free of the curse. ''As was my mother. Did you know her? Exquisite she was, similar to you. She sacrificed herself for a dificient human and my vacuous imbecile of a brother.'' Jensicara started to twitch as the spell began to wear off. ''I will tell you nothing of my father! No quantity of pain may produce a traitor of me!'' She growled. ''I AM TALKING!'' Loki bellowed as he cast a spell that burned her leg. The paralyzation spell had expired and she toppled over, holding her calf. Before she could regain her senses, Loki raised his spear and cast another spell that drained her of strength. ''I need no information concerning Malekith, thank you. I have more than all I need.'' Jensicara swayed to her feet, but made no attempt to attack again. ''My mother was callously murdered at the hands of your father, and now I am driven to brake him in whatever way will leave him in anguish that seeps to his wretched soul.'' And she was, for the first time, silent.      ''Kneel.'' Loki Demanded shortly. ''To a runt of a Frost Giant who was unwanted by his own, left to die and now plays Asgardian? Disgraceful.'' Jensicara hissed. Loki struck her harshly as his clones pulled her to her knees. ''Better. Now, you have been graced with a coveted opportunity.'' Loki said carefully. ''You have been given the privilege of becoming my personal wench.'' Jensicara struggled to free herself from the solid hands clutching her body as Loki advanced on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Warning: Loki
Avenger Loki
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Angst
Dark Elves
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Jötunn Loki
Loki smut
Forced Orgasm
Forced Oral
Rape
Porn With Plot
Princess Rape
Avenging Frigga
Malekith - Freeform
Mild torture
rape porn
Mocking
Dom/sub
Dominance
Triggers

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

