Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Toni’s  cold.It’s the kind of cold she hasn’t felt since those late nights in the cave with Yinsen.Since she stepped through a wormhole and massacred untold thousands.“Miss,” JARVIS’s voice is barely a whisper in her ear, more like a quiet sigh in the quickly approaching darkness.“J?”  She rasps out, blood thick and foul on her tongue.“Yes, Miss,”  JARVIS answers as he always does, “you must stay awake.”“I’m  tired,” it comes out as a half sob, pain racking through her chest as she takes in a stuttering breath.  “I’m tired JARVIS.  I’m so tired.”It’s true too.Toni is tired, tired in a way she hasn’t been since Jarvis died.  She feels empty and carved out, hollow inside like she hasn’t since she laid him in the ground.She’s exhausted down to her  bones.“I know you are Miss,” JARVIS soothes her, voice as gentle and calm as a lullabye.  “But you must stay awake.”He doesn’t fool her though, not her baby boy.Even as exhausted and beaten down as she is Toni can hear the carefully concealed desperation in his tone.He’s  frightened.Like he had been during the creeping death of the palladium.During the terror of New York.During the  horror  that was Ultron.She’s scared her boy, and Toni is so very sorry for doing this to him yet again.  It seems as if that’s all she ever does.  Hurt the ones she loves, one way or another.Maybe it’d be best if she just ...Toni feels herself begin to drift, feels the way the darkness creeps just a bit closer.“Mother!”  JARVIS’ sharp reprimand snaps her back to awareness.  “You must not sleep.”“I’m sorry,” Toni whispers as she forces her eyes open again.  She blinks past the drip of blood that’s run down from her scalp and already begun to dry and the curls that have fallen into her face.  “J, baby,  I’m sorry.”She coughs, ragged and painfully deep, and her gauntlet comes away from her battered face splattered with blood.“Shh, Miss,” JARVIS soothes her again.  “This was all … you have nothing to apologize for.  You must only stay awake.”She grimaces, raises a hand to press uselessly against the pitted front of the armor.The armor’s shot, the integrity of its casing a thing of the past.  She can’t fly out of here.  She can barely move.  She’s alone except for JARVIS in her ear and she’s losing heat fast. She’s losing everything fast.Toni breathes as deeply as she can bare at the moment and lets it out in a long, slow, whistling hiss.  Beneath the armor Toni knows that her chest is a mess.  She can feel the steady trickle of blood running down her sides, can feel where pieces of the suit have bent inwards.Can feel where her ribs, already so compromised, already so damaged, don’t sit right anymore.Every stuttering breath she takes brings new agony.She’d always known love would wreck her someday.  Had always known that it would be the end of her in one way or another.But she’d never thought it would be like  this.She’d never thought it would be  Steve, with Bucky miraculously returned to his side, who would deal the killing blow.She’d never accounted for any of this, had never even entertained the  possibility, but then maybe she should have.Maybe she should have been prepared for this.Maybe things were only ever going to end up this way and she’d just been too blind to see it.Maybe Steve was always going to be the one to kill her.Maybe, Toni can’t help but think, maybe  Loki had been right, all those years ago in New York, when he’d told her that they would turn on her in the end.Maybe he’d actually been telling the truth when he’d told her that it was the fate of people like them to always be abandoned and betrayed in one way or the other.Maybe everything he’d said to her, every sharp,  cutting, word of it had been truth.  Had been prophecy and promise in a way she hadn’t wanted to believe then.  In a way she’d so brazenly,  naively, dismissed.“Not sure it’s gonna matter J.”  Toni tells JARVIS ruefully after a long silent moment has passed.  She’s slumped against one of the support struts, hidden from the worst of the blasting wind behind her.  It’s cover of a sort but the snow is already beginning to pile up a bit at the edges.  “Not sure I got much choice.  You feeling up to telling me Icarus again?  I think … I think I’m gonna go to sleep soon J and I’d like to hear it … just in case.”If she’s going to die here then she wants it to be with his voice and the story of Icarus in her ear.Just like in New York.It’s as close to a peaceful death as she might get at this point.“You  promised,” JARVIS snaps at her, angry and defiant and as close to desperate as she’s ever heard him.  “You promised you would stay with me, that you would not go where I could not follow you.  Not if you could help it.  You can do this Miss, I know that you can, so now I shall hold you to your word.  There will be no stories, no goodbyes.  Not this time.  You  will  stay awake.  You  will  hold on until I reach you.  You will live.”“I’m trying, J,” Toni sighs, ragged and painful and so v
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Loki
Tony Stark/Thor
Thor/Tony Stark/Loki

freeform: 
Romance
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Humor
Snark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe of an Alternate Universe
Not Canon Compliant
Female Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Extremis
Not A Fix-It
Not Wanda Friendly
Protective Rhodey
Protective Jarvis
Comic Book Science
Handwaving Some Issues
just go with it
Loki is Loki
Thor is Thor
Tony is tired
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Alien Culture
Alien Cultural Differences
Asgardians As Far As The Eye Can See
There's so many of them
Toni can't protect them all
OR CAN SHE?
Chapter count subject to change
Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Spoilers
Royalty That Acts Like Royalty
mostly - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Loki
Tony Stark/Thor
Thor/Tony Stark/Loki

