Chapter 1: thursday
    




Chapter Text
Tony watched as the kid, clad in his red and blue spandex suit, crawled into his penthouse window. Once he was inside safely, he pulled his mask off with his free hand. The other one continued to hold a glowing red stone. Peter had called him during patrol when he came across a “weird glowing thingy” after he stopped a group of criminals selling leftover alien tech from Toomes. Both of them learned from the past and communicated more about all of Peter’s Spider-Maning. They had grown closer over the past few months and Peter came to him if he needed help with something he found on patrol. No more using Happy as the middleman (only the chauffeur). “What you got for me tonight, Underoos?” Tony asked as Peter walked closer. “I'm not sure. This was in a load of alien stuff and I know you've been looking for those stones.”  Those stones. That's all Peter knew about Thanos and that's all he was ever going to know. He knew the kid would be quick to jump head first into the fight. Tony wasn't letting him join. Not this time. The small stone in Peter’s hand didn't look like an Infinity Stone, but he could be wrong. And he was glad Peter was coming to him. “Well, let's take a look at it.” He held out his hand for Peter to hand it over. But the second both of their hands were touching the stone, a bright white light burst around them and then it all went black.Tony blinked his eyes open. His head was pounding as he rolled over to his back. He was lying on the floor and by the look of his ceiling, he was in the middle of his living room. He couldn't remember how he got there. His head hurt like a hangover, but he didn't drink anymore. Not enough to make him feel like  this in the morning. With a groan, he covered his eyes with his arm. The lights were way too bright. Another groan from across the room had Tony snapping his eyes open again. He remembered what happened. He wasn't hungover; he was thrown across the room by an exploding stone. And Peter, Peter was there too! He rolled over on his hands and knees and tried to push himself up. “Peter!” He called and his voice sounded weird, but maybe his ears were still messed up from the explosion. Peter didn't answer, so he stood up and looked around the room, searching for the kid. Something wasn't right. He had a really weird feeling and he knew something was wrong, but he didn't care about that until he knew Peter was safe. Just behind the couch, Tony saw a leg sticking out and he hurried over to see Peter. But the second he saw the rest of the body, he stopped dead in his tracks. He wasn't looking down at Peter...he was looking down at himself. “What the fuck?” He said, stumbling back. And he realized that his voice didn't sound weird because of an explosion; it sounded weird because it wasn't his voice. He looked down at his body and pressed his hands against his chest. “No, no, no, no,” he started to mumble as he saw the Spider-Man suit. If he was somehow in Peter’s body, then that meant Peter was the one lying unconscious on the ground in his. Tony fell to his knees and started to shake his shoulder. “Peter, c’mon, wake up.” Peter groaned grumpily but cracked open his eyes a few seconds later. Tony saw in his eyes the exact moment Peter realized what happened. “What... Mr. Stark? ” His eyes were wide as he stared up at him. “Yes,” Tony answered, even though it was so weird to hear his voice say ‘Mr. Stark’. He grabbed Peter’s hand and helped pull him up off the floor. “What happened?” Peter asked, still staring at Tony with wide eyes. “The stone must have switched our bodies.” He looked down at his hands, still covered by the Spider-Man suit. Peter had an anxious smile on his face. “This is kinda cool but also terrifying at the same time.” Tony rolled his eyes. “We have to figure out how to change back. Look around for that stone, maybe if we both touch it again we’ll go back on normal.” “Uh, that may be impossible.” Tony followed Peter’s gaze where he was staring at the pile of red stone pieces. It was destroyed. “That's just great.” Peter didn't sound so excited anymore. “What are we gonna do now, Mr. Stark?” “I've got some calls to make. Come on.””Stop looking at me like that, kid. It's creepy,” Tony muttered as he started up his computers. “Why didn't you tell me?” Peter asked as he grinned over at him smugly. “Because I knew you'd act like this, weirdo.” He threw a screw that was lying around at his head. When they had gone to enter the lab, Tony was in Peter’s body so he had to use his fingerprint and secret word to open the door. Peter had been over the moon that he had access to the lab like Tony did. Usually, he only entered the lab with Tony and Tony was the one to unlock the door. “So I can come in whenever I want?” He asked, sounding even more excited. Tony was a little glad because Peter’d been worried about their current situation until this distracted him. “As long as you let me know, yes,” he replied. He glanc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Body Swap
Tony Stark is a dad and Peter is his precious son
Bullying
Protective Tony Stark
Fluff and Humor
Light Angst

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

