Chapter 1: Introduction
    




Chapter Text



After an obscene number of tests, and fending off anxious teammates, the SHIELD doctors grudgingly judged Clint to be around twelve years old. They made it very clear, however, that seeing as Clint appeared to have been reverted to his actual physical state of that time, there was a margin for error.Dr. Amsterdam had taken to looking at Clint with a forlorn frown when he believed nobody was watching, and consulted his medical notes on Clint's history with a deep sigh. It didn't take a genius to figure out that what was in the notes didn't match up to the wiry, far too thin kid lying hunkered under pale sheets before them.They'd hooked him up to an IV filled with nutrients, though they insisted that he wasn't in any danger physically. It was just a precaution. His vitals were strong enough that they didn't need to hook him to a monitor; there were no signs of immediate injuries that needed to be dealt with, and nothing foreign in his blood or brain scans.After spying the doctor's frown, and watching the sleeping boy for a long moment, Steve had left the room quietly. He understood the implications of not enough food while growing up; of struggling to make ends meet and make meals stretch. He returned ten minutes later with what appeared to be half the staff room's vending machine, and deposited it all on Clint's bedside table. The colourful wrappers crackled loudly as Steve made sure the junk food didn't fall off the limited surface. Nobody commented and Steve resumed his quiet watch by the door.They waited a long while for Clint to wake up. Then they waited some more, listening to the Doctor's quiet assurances that the transformation, while apparently flawless, just took a lot of energy and Clint needed the rest. Eventually they had to leave for food and other duties and decided on standing watch in shifts, because nobody wanted Clint to wake up alone. Pairing up with natural alacrity, Bruce and Tony stayed behind for first watch and continued to discuss potential causes and solutions to this 'situation.'Not five minutes after the rest of the team filed out of the room, Clint awoke.The timing was suspicious.It was even more so when he went fromsleeping to swiftly rolling off the bed. He landed near-silently on the floor, but neither man could miss the movement from less than five feet away and they jumped to their feet in reaction. That was as far as they got before being beaned ruthlessly in the face. With chocolate bars. Clint went for the eyes, and he didn't miss. They missed him though, as he swiftly fled the room while Tony tried to blink his vision back and Bruce struggled to move around Tony and the chairs while straightening his glasses.The startled yells of medical personnel and the security agents on duty reached their ears. After scrambling out of the private room they didn't expect to discover that Clint had already managed to disappear."That little shit," Tony muttered, impressed as he wiped at reactive tears still crowding his eyes, but he didn't add anything more and moved steadily from SHIELD's medical wing as Bruce relayed Clint's escape to the team.The building's fire alarm screeched through the air thirty seconds later. It was swiftly replaced with a general alarm and the code for an 'escaped patient, potential hostile.'They caught him in the lobby of the building, thirty feet from the front door that he been about to casually stroll through. Though 'caught' could be argued down to 'cornered' as he was backed into the tall information desk and surrounded. Tony and Bruce, with Steve and Thor not far behind, barged into the large space to see five agents circled loosely around Clint, their weapons drawn and trained on him.Clint didn't seem impressed by the guns but he wasn't moving, frozen to his spot as he tried to stare the agents down. Considering he was all of twelve years old, he was too damn good at it."Get your hands up where we can see them and lie down on the ground, Barton," a tall, copper haired Agent ordered.Clint blinked, his attention rapidly shifting about the room before settling back on the armed men before him. Then he smiled, charming, wide and innocent. The thing was, Clint didn't seem to realize that the people here knew him, beyond just his name. Agents were trained in recognizing certain characteristics of SHIELD's more prominent agents, the ones that were the most dangerous, so they could spot discrepancies. So they could assess potential threats.They knew that there was nothing that could be trusted in that smile. The last time Tony had seen Clint pull it out he had chased it with the death of seven AIM mercenaries. While handcuffed.Tony hadn't realized Clint had learned that smile so young."I will shoot you, kid." The copper headed agent warned when Clint didn't follow his direction. There was no mistaking his honesty despite the fact that he obviously didn't want to."You'd shoot an innocent kid?" Clint lost his smile
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
physical abuse of a minor
physical abuse of adult
Implied Child Abuse
Abduction
coarse language
Violence
character de-ageing (belly flopped all over this bandwagon finally)
Trust Issues
Friendship
Humour
Team
Hurt/Comfort
ALL THE ANGST
BAMF!all around (but mostly Clint…and Tony)
Feels
hugging.
Clint Barton is a Little Shit

fandom: 
None
