Work Text:
Peters' eyes were stuck like glue. “Peeeeter? Come on, buddy.” Was that Tony? He didn’t realise his mouth was moving until some words fell out; although they were less like words and more like a jumbled mess of syllables. “hmmmTonnnyyy.”Tony laughed, as did some other voices that he was sure he recognized.
“Hey, buddy. You feeling okay?”Peter hummed a little, trying to decide. He felt very funny. “I can’t find my eyes.” More laughing, making Peter smile. They sounded happy, which made him happy. Happy, happy, happy. Tony tried to speak through his laughter, as someone nearby snickered. “They’re right where you left them, Pete. Try to open them for me.”Peter laughed, giggly and tired. His eyes felt so heavy. “Tony, can you do it for me? I can't do it. It’s too hard.”The other voice, Peter thought it may have been Bruce, sounded more than a little amused. “Peter, just open your eyes, you’re fine. Look, I got something for you.”Peter felt as if he were spinning, and lifted a clumsy hand to flop around in front of him. His eyes opened a little, and he could see Tony and Bruce there, smiling at him. “Heyyy! I can see you now!”Tony patted his shoulder. “Good job. Open them all the way.”Peter did as he was told, head lolling a bit on his shoulder. Tony’s hand leapt forward, tipping the kids head back on his pillows before he could break his own neck. “Oh, thanks, Mr Iron Man. You’re so nice.”Tony smiled, as he patted Peters knee, Bruce coming forward with an ice pack. “Thanks.” Bruce gently placed the ice pack on Peters' cheek, pulling one of the teenager's hands up to hold it. “Here, that’ll help. Keep biting down on the gauze.”Peters' eyes widened, as he looked at the Doctor, voice jumping up an octave. “I have gauze? Why do I have gauze?”Bruce’s voice was soft, as he tried to placate the dopey hero. “It’s okay, you just had your wisdom teeth out.”Peter looked around, noticing for the first time that he was in a bed, IV on his arm, and the softest blue blanket he’d ever felt in his life over his lap. Peter’s eyes began to water. “You took my teeth out? Oh my god, I don’t have any teeth.”Tony’s face creased in concern but he still had that glint of amusement in his eye, as he pulled the blanket up higher, tucking the boy in. “No, just the bad ones, Pete. You still have teeth, Bruce only took a couple.”Peter held the ice pack to his face, sniffing, as he tried to understand. “I’m okay?”Tony patted his hair back. “Yeah, you’re fine. I promise. You’re just a little confused because of all the pain meds.”Peter slumped back into his pillows, sighing. “Oh thank god.”Bruce nodded to Tony, silently asking him to keep the kid distracted, while he took the IV out. Tony caught the look and started talking, waiting until Peter met his gaze. “Hey, guess whos coming to see you, today?”Peter lost all other thought as he pulled his head back up to look at Tony. “Who? Is it you?”Tony let out a snicker and tried to be serious. “No- I’m already here, Pete. The Avengers are coming to see you! You love them!”Peter’s eyes were huge as he gasped, completely oblivious to the fact that Bruce was taking the needle out of his arm. “Really?! I know the Avengers? That’s so cool!”Tony patted his knee again. “Yeah, they’re coming to see how you’re doing. So, keep biting down on that gauze and hold that ice pack there.”Peter’s eyes rolled around a little as he sighed. “Okayyyy. I can do that.”………………Tony had been in a lot of stressful situations, and a lot of battles, but nothing had prepared him for taking care of a superpowered teenager high on pain meds. Peter had been sleepy when he first woke, but his reaction to the medication changed as they metabolised, and soon enough he was bouncing off the walls. And given Peters powers, Tony meant that literally. “PETER?! Where did he go?” Tony ran a hand through his hair. He was trying to keep his cool but he had just lost the teenager he was supposed to be taking care of. Sam opened a cupboard in the kitchen, peeking inside before he scowled as Clint laughed. “Why would he be hiding in there?”Sam slammed it shut, irritated. “I don’t know! Why are we looking for him in the first place?” He turned to Tony, expression mocking. “How could you lose Spider-Man? No, seriously, how do you do that? How do you misplace a person?!”Tony waved him off, looking around the compound as the other Avengers helped him search. “Shut up Wilson! It wasn’t my fault that he escaped. You think I can stop him? He’s stronger than me, and you! You try to get him next time!”Sam muttered something as Natasha laughed, and Steve tried to calm everyone down.  “Fighting isn’t going to help Peter. Just keep looking.”Tony was getting seriously worried. Peter could be anywhere by now. He’d only been out of the room for five minutes before he came back to an empty bed. He called out once more, heart rate climbing for each time he went unanswered. “Peter! Where are you?” Tony felt as if his whole body was wound tight, stress c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Bucky Barnes
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner

freeform: 
Blood
Wisdom Teeth
Pain
Crying
Angst
Sad
Fluff
Cuddles
Hurt/Comfort
Humor
dad tony
Worried Tony
Worried Avengers
super family
Avenger family
Cute
Whump
Dentistry
Prompt Fill

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Bucky Barnes
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner

