Chapter 1: The Posting
    


Summary:

chapter tags/warnings: mild gore, non-con body midification





Chapter Text




Bucky hasn’t been sober for close going on four days. That’s the best he can guess, least ways. Alcohol is forbidden now but when the time for selections comes there are other drugs to be had; things to keep people like Bucky calm and compliant. The door to the room he’s in opens and in walk two men. One Bucky recognizes. He’s Brock—one of the guardians here. He’s one of the people who’re in charge of making sure Bucky and the other fertile omegas don’t escape or try to hurt themselves. The other guy looks like a civilian. His mandatory insignia marks him as alpha, but that's hardly necessary. He’s tall and blond and dressed in a suit that does only a little to hide how muscular he is. Bucky feels his mouth water a little when he sees him. He’s gorgeous; strong-jawed, wide-shouldered and slim-hipped—a textbook alpha . Bucky feels arousal mix in with the dazed feeling in his brain.  He realizes that the guardians probably gave him some sort of benzo that morning to keep him calm for today. There had been an extra pill in his cup at breakfast. Oh well, Bucky thinks. He’s been living in a world gone fuzzy at the edges ever since he arrived at the red center and tried to attack one of the guardians. He’s doped up to keep him happy and pliant. One more pill isn’t going to make a difference. “This is him,” Brock is saying. The commander is looking right at Bucky. He has kind eyes, Bucky thinks. “Hello,” the commander says, surprising Bucky by speaking directly to him rather than to Brock. He steps closer and offers his hand. “I’m Commander Rogers.”Bucky gulps. He’s shocked by his instant draw to this man. And what for? A kind look and a considerate gesture? It’s pathetic how little is needed to make Bucky feel special these days. “Um…” he flounders, caught up in the other man’s eyes. “I’m James.” He puts his hand in Commander Rogers’ and allows him to shake it. One glance over to Brock shows that the guardian is displeased, and Bucky yanks his hand back in haste. “Glad to meet you, James.” The commander looks like he genuinely means it. Bucky wonders if this guy is for real, or if he’s just trying to make Bucky feel at ease before he takes ownership of him. “I’m going to be taking you to my home today, if that’s alright?”He says it like it’s an option, which nearly makes Bucky snort. One look at Brock’s taser, though, is enough to keep him from laughing. Bucky hasn’t had a choice in what happens to him in quite some time. “Yes,” he says to Commander Rogers instead, speaking from rote. “May the Lord make me truly worthy.”For some reason, the words seem to make Commander Rogers uncomfortable. His eyes get tight at the edges, as if he would rather Bucky not have said anything so textbook-religious. But the thought is ridiculous, Bucky thinks after a moment of doubt. All of the commanders are True Believers, Sons of Jacob. That’s how they got to be commanders in the first place. It’s why Bucky and all the other omegas at the red center have been schooled to spit out measured phrases when they’re directly addressed—and to keep their mouths shut when they’re not.“Transfer of custody should only take about a half hour,” Brock is explaining to Commander Rogers as he guides him from the room. Two caretakers come in then. One takes Bucky by the arm to follow behind. They split at some point, Commander Rogers taken somewhere by Brock—ostensibly to celebrate with a brandy or a cigarette or something else pleasant that’s not allowed to people like Bucky. Meanwhile, Bucky is taken to another room with a big machine in it. The machine makes a terribly loud noise when it’s turned on that makes Bucky wince. He knows what they're about to do to him so of course he struggles, but hands on his shoulders force him down into a chair, and the other caretaker approaches with what looks like a staple gun in hand. Bucky tenses up, tries to get up from the chair, but the hands hold him still.The caretaker with the gun pauses when he tucks Bucky's hair back and gets a look at his ear. "Well shit. He's cut the old one off.""So tag over it.""...I'm not sure it'll wrap correctly. He's... missing the top third of his ear."The second caretaker sighs. "Right ear, then."He screams when they tag him, half an inch of metal piercing and wrapping around the upper cartilage of his ear. The drugs don’t do enough to dull that pain. When Bucky was taken from his last fight as a member of the resistance, he was black-bagged and shoved into a van. At the processing center he’d been spit on by people on the street, screamed at for being a blasphemer, a criminal and a whore. Now, leaving the red center, he couldn’t be faced with a more opposite greeting. Cameras from the state news service are pointed their way. People who’ve parked themselves outside on the sidewalk cry out to him and Commander Rogers as they make their way over to one of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dystopia
Religious Fanaticism
Forced Pregnancy
Power Imbalance
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
References to The Handmaid's Tale - Margaret Atwood
Commander Steve
Handmaid Bucky
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Miscarriage
Corporal Punishment
Mpreg
Explicit Sexual Content
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

