Chapter 1



Notes:

22/02/2018 23:30 EST: significant revisions made to the first three sections of the chapter





Chapter Text
 Peter has a plan.Today is his seventeenth birthday. In a year, he’ll be eighteen. An adult. A fully fledged, human, adult person. Now, Peter is already pretty much there when you look at it on paper. He’s in university, has been for a while, he lives on his own in an apartment Tony Stark rented for him when last semester started, insisting that it was just plain unreasonable to keep commuting from Queens every day as his workload got heavier and pointing out the (admittedly valid) fact that it was just going to keep getting harder to hide his work as Spider-Man from May.When Peter tried to protest that he wasn't into taking Tony's charity, on top of all the help he'd already given/pushed on him, he'd insisted that it was part of the ‘scholarship’ (i.e. pet project fund) that Tony was providing him. It was definitely all bullshit, but it was, at least, well-intentioned bullshit, and some days even Peter didn’t have the energy to argue with Tony.Not to mention, his own apartment, at sixteen, in Manhattan? Well, it’s entirely possible that Peter didn’t protest quite as hard as he could have. It wasn’t anything glamorous, just an old, run-down (for Manhattan) studio, but it was more than he’d ever have come close to on his own.Point is, for as little as it will actually change anything, Peter will officially be an adult next year. And, if he keeps going the way he’s been going, an adult virgin. Peter is definitely not into that. So, he needs to change things, and he knows exactly who has the perfect ratio of dubious morals to broad shoulders (which have an unfortunate habit of distracting him during patrols) necessary to make that change happen.He’s going to get Deadpool into his apartment- which, yeah, he’s fully aware of how terrible an idea that might (definitely) be, but he likes the guy. He trusts him. He wouldn’t call him stable, by any stretch of the imagination, but he feels more safe around him than he does around Fury, at any rate. That has to count for something, right? So, he’s going to bring him home, and once he’s there, he’s just going to… go for it.Peter never claimed it was an intricate plan.
Deadpool has never made any secret of finding Peter attractive. They’ve only been running into each other for a few months, patrolling together for less, and Peter has lost count of the number of lewd comments the man has made about his ass. Peter has been all too grateful for his mask, since he’s pretty sure Deadpool just talks like that to everyone and he doesn’t exactly need the embarrassment that would come with him seeing Peter flush red every time he starts telling him what a smackable ass he has. Or how cute he is when he’s angry. Or scared. Or happy. Or...anything, really. Point is, Peter’s pretty sure Deadpool flirts with everyone, but he’s also pretty sure he flirts extra hard with him, and seems to even go out of his way to find him on the non-patrol nights that they still manage to run into each other. It's not like he's seen Deadpool with his friends, if he even has any friends- it's hard to picture, but he definitely makes the merc laugh more than anyone else he's seen him interact with. Wade has also made Peter laugh more than anyone else has in a long, long time. Maybe since Gwen. It's no small thing and he tries not to think too hard on that.So, yeah. He’s kind of banking on the hope that Deadpool wouldn’t be spending this much time around him without at least a little ulterior motive. 
Unbeknownst to Deadpool, the rooftop which they’re currently dangling their feet off of, while they make their way through the ice-cream cones they got down the block, happens to be Peter’s apartment building. He’s listening to Deadpool babble on proudly about some people he decided to  not  kill last week, and the fact that he has not, in fact, killed anyone since their patrols together started. A direct result of Peter’s encouragement, he says, making something go warm and gooey in Peter's chest, and he decides that now is the perfect opportunity to seize the moment.“Hey.” He interrupts, and Deadpool stops his stream of one-sided conversation to look at him, curious. “My name's Peter Parker.” No going back now. "Peter Parker?!" Wade exclaims. "The kid who works for the bugle? The very same bugle that spends half its energy skewering Spider-Man six ways to Sunday, all day, every day? What-Why are you even-" “We're actually sitting on my apartment building right now.” Peter interrupts. He's come to enjoy Deadpool's incessant rambling, but he's got a goal in mind and he's not letting Wade's freight train of thoughts get in the way of it now that he's come this far. "You wanna come inside?" He's expecting an immediate and obvious 'that's what she said' joke, but for a moment, Deadpool seems to be, quite literally, stunned into silence. His jaw has dropped and Peter isn’t entirely 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Vaguely Canon-Adjacent
Dubious Consent
Dubious Morality
Age Difference
Underage Sex
top!wade
Bottom!Peter
Cock Worship
Daddy Kink
Face-Fucking
First Time
Loss of Virginity
painal
Possessive Behavior
Praise Kink
Rimming
Shower Sex
Light Sadism
Light Masochism
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fluff and Smut
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

