Chapter 1: Taken
    




Chapter Text
Peter glanced over at the clock on Gwen's night table and sighed. He didn't really want to get up and leave – they'd had such a nice Sunday afternoon together.
Eventually, he dragged himself out from under the covers and pulled his clothes on, sitting at the computer in her room for a while as he looked up some things for a class.
She pulled on some sweatpants, a tank top, and a hoodie and they ended up in the kitchen, talking about people in class and laughing. They shared some OJ from a carton and Peter teased her about her crush on a teacher.
“No I do not! Shut up, Peter!” She tried to shove at his head, but he laughed and blocked her arms. He ended up grabbing her up in his arms and kissing her face and she squealed, bonking him on the head with the OJ carton. They finally exchanged slow kisses as she walked him to the door and ruffled his hair playfully before they smiled at eachother and said goodbye.
The last time he saw her was there in the doorway, with the winter sunlight gracing her face sweetly, shining into her eyes.
* * *
It was cold outside, so he walked quickly to the bus stop. He wasn't actually going to take the bus of course.
'Why bus when you can fly?' he thought happily. And did he feel like flying. He crowed at the sky, a grin spreading over his face.
Gwen Stacy. He was with the hottest girl on campus. Him! Peter fucking Parker. He had to laugh.
Peter whistled as he approached the bus stop. He'd take off his clothes and stick them in the backpack he carried. He already had his Spidey suit on underneath. Telling Gwen about his secret hero life had certainly made life easier in some ways. Well, in that way at least.
In everything else...
He shook his head and sighed, real life starting to settle back in on him. It wasn't easy being one of the youngest people on campus at seventeen. But Peter had been bored in high school and ready to move on. Mary Jane missed seeing him... but it wasn't like they were dating anymore. He ducked into some bushes behind the bus stop and sniffed at the cold air as he slipped out of his normal clothes, tossing them into the backpack he had with him. Settling that on his back and pulling his mask on, he webbed up at a light pole nearby. He continued to whistle while he tugged himself up onto the light pole.
“And now...” he made a drum roll sound with his tongue. “The Amazing Flying Spidermaaan!”
He leaped off the light pole, shooting out a strand of web at a building. The web caught and tugged tight as he arched low and then up... letting go just before he hit the peak of the arc.
Shoop! And another strand of web!
He hummed to himself as he flew through the city. Life was... well as perfect as it could get. Maybe that was why he had the uncomfortable sense of foreboding in his stomach? Maybe it was the spidey senses?
He landed on the roof of a building and paused in a crouch, frowning. No, spidey senses were in his head. This was just some low, heavy feeling in his chest, like his heart was weighing down into his stomach. “What the hell?” he mumbled to himself. “Heartburn?”
He shrugged and crawled over to the edge of the building. Flying like a trapeze artist honestly didn't feel that natural. Hanging from the strings of web did, but what felt most natural was crawling up walls, which was honestly a little embarrassing when he thought about it. That, of course, was on the list of Things About Being Spiderman that He Would Never Tell Gwen. Or anybody.
His eyes widened when he caught sight of what looked to be someone in a green cape, down on the ground.
“What the...” he narrowed his eyes as if it would somehow give him better sight, then huffed impatiently at himself. The green caped person disappeared into an alley. His spidey senses were just a tingle in the back of his head, but he followed their pull. The weird weight of foreboding in his chest, however, seemed to become heavier as he crawled downward, then launched himself into the air, sticking an arm out to web himself across the street. He was so far above the traffic of New York that no one looking up into the darkness would have spotted him.
But as he fell and arced toward the ground, he took care to try and avoid the lights. Landing nimbly on a window sill, he turned and began to crawl over the wall again. The green caped person had intrigued him because it was nowhere near St Patrick's Day, first of all, or Mardi Gras, so why anybody would be wearing a green cape and hood was beyond him.
“Little Green Riding hood?” He guessed aloud. “HYDRA type? She-Hulk fan?”
With a shrug, he slid down the wall and landed in the alley, crouching. He listened for a few moments. Strange, he could just barely hear something further down. It sounded like snickering.
Just to make sure the green hooded person wasn't up to no good or in trouble themselves, he hurried along the alley way.
There they were again! He stepped closer, watching, as they stood under a lamp post. There was som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Norman Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Forced Feminization
Forced Pregnancy
Gender Dysphoria
Rape/Non-con Elements
Captivity
Darkfic is dark
Underage - Freeform
electric shock
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Memory Alteration
Mind Control
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Kidnapping

fandom: 
Norman Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

