Work Text:
Tony was content to curl up in a miserable little ball, hugging a stuffed elephant that Clint had given him on his third day living with Bucky and Steve. They were at the end of the second week of his stay and the medication he was taking for his epilepsy seemed to only make him sick – he still had a seizure or two a week, though no one knew if that was normal, an increase, or a decrease of activity for the toddler. The medication made it difficult for Tony to eat and keep anything down, so Steve had taken Tony back to Bruce to see if anything could be done.“Medications, especially long term ones, can take a while to adjust to,” said Bruce, rubbing Tony’s back where the toddler was curled on exam table, sniffing miserably. “Normally I wouldn’t suggest switching medicines so quickly, it’s only been two weeks.”“But he’s barely eating,” said Steve, worried about the kid in his care. He cared about Tony, he really did, but the kid terrified him most days. “Bucky is the only one who can get him to even try and he throws up most days.”“There is another medication we can try,” said Bruce slowly. “But you’ll need to be patient. I know it’s only been two weeks but you can’t just switch medications so quickly; Tony’s little body would react even worse to that. So, for the next week I want you to decrease the dosage and next week we will stop altogether, give his body a week or so to adjust back, and then start him on the new medicine.”“But won’t that just make his seizures worse or more frequent or something? He might not even be staying that long.”“You have the emergency shot in case he seizes for too long, but until we have more records of how he reacts, it’s best to take the slow route. It’s not ideal, but it’s what we have to work with since his parents did nothing.”Steve sighed. Tony’s parents had been located but made it clear they had little interest in getting their son back. Well, his father had little interest. He was a businessman who spent more time abroad than at home and he little interest in raising his child while Tony’s mom spent more time out partying and having affairs than home with her boy. She wanted to be a mother, she wanted to have her son back, but so far she had not signed up for any of the programs she would need to take to get Tony home. Steve and Bucky had been working with Pepper and Bruce to understand and set up a safe home for Tony but it was all on a very temporary basis.Two months. That’s how long they were keeping Tony for sure. After two months either Tony’s mother will take him back or Pepper would have to reevaluate their home and family to see if they would be a more long term solution. In that time she would be searching for a family who could take care of a child with medical conditions.But for two months, Tony was theirs and in the last two weeks alone, their lives had drastically changed.Wade, for one, loved being a big brother. After his argument with Bucky, Wade had become fiercely protective of Tony and had taken to being around the boy as much as possible. Clint had learned how to spot the start of a seizure with surprising accuracy. When they had been at the park, Clint had seen Tony stop digging in the sandbox from his place on the slide and shouted out, alerting Steve just a moment before Tony slipped sideways into the sand. Phil seemed to always regard Tony with a wary sort of caution, but the kid had also been living with Steve and Bucky long enough to have seen a couple foster kids come and go. Phil didn’t want to get too attached.On the third night that Tony had lived with them, Steve and Bucky had gone through the entire house and baby-proofed it again. Foam padding went on sharp corners, a plastic protective cover went on every bed, just in case Tony had an accident when sleeping with someone else, and they had spent a large amount of time on Amazon looking for anything they might need for a kid who could collapse at any time. Their entire house had changed to make it safer for Tony.“We’ll see you in two weeks, I guess,” said Steve. “Anything else I need to know?”“Make sure you time the seizures,” said Bruce. “I know you said he’s pretty exhausted after, so keep an eye on that. I also want you to keep a food diary of everything Tony eats, how much, and when. And note anything Tony was doing before the seizure, how he was acting, anything that might have triggered it. I want to start narrowing down any possible triggers.”Steve nodded, thanked the doctor, and picked Tony up while calling to his other children to clean up and join him.At home, Steve was just finishing serving up veggie soup in bowls for each of the boys for lunch when Bucky rushes into the kitchen.“Hey babe,” said Steve, surprised. Bucky rarely came home for lunch. It took almost 25 minutes to get from their home to Bucky’s work, a round trip of 50 minutes, leaving just 10 minutes to eat. The trip just wasn’t worth it when he could easily pack a lunch or grab something closer to his job
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Maria Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony
Foster Care
Adoption
Epilepsy
Insecure Tony
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Getting to Know Each Other
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Is A Softy
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve is working on it
It's just hard

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

