Chapter 1





Chapter Text





“When you can't run, you crawl. And when you can't crawl, when you can't do that ...”
“... you find someone to carry you.”


Tracey Smith & Zoë Washburne
(Firefly)

 

Chapter 1

Peter Parker was nothing without the Spider-Man suit.He'd known that even before Mr. Stark had given him one of the most advanced and, quite frankly, coolest pieces of technology currently in existence on planet Earth. Actually, he'd realized it just after he'd started going out in a self-made, horrid blue-red tracksuit combination. Looking at his getup in a mirror the first time had made his eyes hurt and building the web-shooters had cost him three months worth of his allowance, but everything had just … faded away whenever he'd pulled the mask over his face. It wasn't just because of the noise and the lights becoming muffled and softer, easier to bear. It was also because with that mask on – with nobody being able to see him, recognize him, judge him – he wasn't Peter Parker anymore. 
He was Spider-Man. 
And Spider-Man was different. He was everything Peter Parker wanted to be. 
He was strong and he was witty and he always knew what to do or what to say. He could fight, if necessary. He could stop SUVs from crashing into buses, leave muggers webbed up for the police to find and get a family safely out of a house fire. 
Spider-Man had survived a plane crash and he'd taken down his very own supervillain. 
Spider-Man had been given a suit by Tony Stark. He was in contact with an actual Avenger. 
Those things were all out of reach for someone like Peter Parker. The reason for that was as simple as it was sad, really: Peter Parker was a loser.
Peter startled when the stack of books he'd been trying to cram into his locker was knocked out of hands, scattering on the floor of the busy school hallway accompanied by Flash Thompson's usual greeting of “Hey, Penis”.
Peter's shoulders sank and he took a deep breath, raising his head. Sure enough, Flash was grinning at him with his arms crossed over his chest. The fact that he wasn't alone, though, was the real reason Peter cringed. Next to him, Quentin O'Donnell was leaning against the row of lockers casually, a smug smile on his face. Quentin had joined Midtown High at the beginning of the year, maybe a week before Homecoming. Him and Flash had become close to inseparable since they'd been assigned to be lab partners a couple of weeks ago and since then, they'd discovered more than just their fathers' money to bond over. 
Peter didn't bother with a reply. Even if he had known what exactly to say that wouldn't make the situation even worse, frustration and instinctive fear were choking him, pressing against his chest until it felt like he couldn't breathe. The feeling was a familiar one. Peter hadn't been a stranger to bullies when he'd started out at Midtown High. The last two years of junior high had been hell already. Brent Johnson had been waiting at seemingly every corner to hate everything about Peter, starting with his intelligence and ending with his being an orphan. 
And it hadn't just been name-calling, either. 
Unlike Flash, Brent had liked to drag Peter into bathrooms and closets to drive his point home with his fists. 
It wasn't that Peter hadn't tried to fight back. He had done just that when Brent had started bullying him, but Peter had always been a little behind physically – shorter and scrawnier and weaker than other boys his age – and he'd soon discovered that letting Brent do whatever he wanted actually resulted in him leaving Peter alone for the day much sooner.
Quentin reminded Peter of Brent: tall, muscular, his green eyes looking at Peter as if he was the most pitiful person he'd ever seen. Even though Peter was by now far from defenseless, the old feelings of being inadequate and alone returned whenever Quentin gave one of this sharp, mocking grins.
Crouching to pick up his books, Peter didn't see Quentin step closer, but he felt it, almost as if he could sense the air currents shifting with the movement. His body reacted automatically, muscles tensing, ready to duck out of the way, turn and fight ... but Peter clamped down on it as the books he'd managed to recover were kicked out of his hands again.
Some students hurrying past sidestepped out of the way, giving the situation short, disinterested glances before walking on.
”Quentin,” Flash said, his voice dripping with a fake reprimand, ”look what you've done.”
When Peter glanced at him, he could see that he was still smiling. Flash had disliked Peter from the moment they had gone toe-to-toe during freshmen year for the last remaining spot on the Academic Decathlon team. Peter had won easily, relegating Flash to first alternate. Only during the following weeks, Peter had come to realize that for Flash, this had somehow started a rivalry which wasn't just restricted to the classroom. 
It wasn't long before he'd started to lash out verbally against Peter whenever he could and he had th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Panic Attacks
Bullying
Violence
Implied/Referenced Depression
Homophobic Language
Language

fandom: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

