Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Your scars are a warning to all future monsters,

of the hell you have survived before them,

every demon you vanquished,

and every battle you won.

- Nikita Gill
Natasha knew she was in over her head as soon as she finally put the dots together. So the guy running the tech was smarter than her- slightly- but the good news is that she had someone smarter than them. So she called Tony- what else could she do- and from there they set up a plan. Well, she set up a plan he just made sure it was technologically possible for her to do what needed to be done and he comes through too. The info dump goes off without a hitch, releasing HYDRAs information- and only HYDRAs information- to the world at large. She reminds herself to talk to Tony more often about his skills.*It’s Natasha that tells him. Tony thought his parents were killed in a car accident and before Nat told him what really happened he knew for sure Steve would tell him what actually went down right away. It was, after all, who Steve Rogers was supposed to be, right? Wrong he guessed so when Natasha tells him he’s pissed and he’s hurt but he’s seen the records too. He had set up that info dump with Nat and stashed the records of the famous Winter Soldier because as far as Tony knew he was a myth. As it turned out the Winter Soldier wasn’t a myth- he killed Tony’s parents and was the famed Sargent Bucky Barnes.If he was to pinpoint when, exactly, he decided to quit the Avengers Tony knew that this was the main catalyst to the event. It was Steve’s hounding him about secret keeping during the Ultron incident, though, that does it for him. Of all the things he chose to complain about in regards to Tony’s behavior he chooses that and Tony was done. Wanda was just the cherry on top of that shit sundae. Even Natasha, who generally liked Steve, thought that brining someone who manipulated all their minds onto the team because Clint was stupid enough to trust her was irresponsible at best. Tony felt for her really- she was far more sensitive in regards to mind control than he was. It couldn’t be easy for her to be around Wanda still but Natasha was tough. She could handle it, but it was Tony’s personal opinion that she shouldn’t have to.Natasha was the one to ask about Bucky too. Bruce had just gotten ahold of that infinity stone and they were trying to figure it out when she came to him and asked for a favor. Steve had been going to ask according to her but he had no idea that Tony knew about the Winter Soldier and Tony refused to clue him in. At the time he assumed that Steve would still tell him, and on another level he wanted to see how long it would take. Natasha probably suspected his motives but didn’t say much about it either way, including not saying anything to Steve.But she’s the one to ask if he would help- read: fund- the search for Bucky Barnes. For a week he considered it, considered whether or not he cared to catch his parent’s murderer and if so for what purpose? Steve did eventually visit him and he got a whole new history of the story of Captain America and Bucky Barnes. Turns out they weren’t just inseparable, they were lovers. And it turned out Aunt Peggy was bisexual and dating a woman at the time. It had been convenient for them both to pretend to be with each other and Tony didn’t doubt that they loved each other on some level.But Peggy would never hold a flame to Bucky fucking Barnes- no one did. Steve thought he had been appealing to Tony’s emotional side and he was honestly shocked Steve thought he had one given how often he acted like Tony was heartless. But that isn’t what gets Tony to agree. Its Bucky’s skillset before he had been tortured by HYDRA that made him dangerous, but after? Whether Steve wanted to admit it or not Barnes was a weapon, and a fucking dangerous one at that, so Tony agreed to fund the search because someone like that needed to be away from civilians. It wasn’t until later, and several more HYDRA records being read, that he knew the man needed to be put into some kind of therapy immediately.He was pretty sure no one expected Bucky Barnes to show up in the middle of Sokovia during that battle with Ultron but that’s where they find him, getting people off what had ended up an island floating in the air. They had all made the snap decision to loop him into communications and Tony dropped an ear piece off to him before flying off and giving him several instructions to get as many people off that chunk of earth as possible complete with coordinates. Barnes does well- very well- and his presence frees up Clint, who immediately distracts himself with Wanda so he became useless again. But it freed up Natasha too and she was shockingly efficient.From there Tony quit and walked away to the shock of the whole team and Tony just didn’t get that. Not one of them- Natasha not included- had any love for him and blamed him solely for Ultron so why they cared that he was leaving the Avengers he had 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/ Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Humor
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Has Issues
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Protective Natasha Romanov
Awesome Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Feels
BAMF T'Challa (Marvel)
T'Challa (Marvel) Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Prompt Fic
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
not between the main pairing to be clear
STUCKY IS NOT ENDGAME
the tag is there because the relationship is in here
but its not going to end that way
um I basically spat out half this story in 3 days
so we'll see how this goes
Not Steve Friendly
technically
Consent Issues

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/ Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

