Work Text:
 It’s the loud music that is really starting to give Peter a headache.
The swell of the bass dips down for a second, rattling the half full glasses of champagne and shaking the polished floor of the hotel’s ballroom. From his view outside, the teenager watches as people dance, their expensive jewelry and tailored clothes glowing in the pockets of light. Looking quickly behind him, Peter lets out a small sigh of relief as he catches sight of his Dad making his way over, the man’s suit coat ruffling up in the slight breeze.
Shuffling from foot to foot, Peter tries to resist the urge to run a nervous hand through his hair, knowing that Tony would have a fit if the jell got on his clothes.
“Alright Pete, I’m just gonna talk for a little while, mingle with the crowd and what not.“ Tony begins once he climbs the carpeted steps, looking at the reflective screen of his wristwatch. “Maybe answer a few questions and—“
Suddenly he stops talking, looking Peter over in a way that makes the teen feel slightly overwhelmed. Glancing down at the swirls of color decorating the floor, he nearly flinches in alarm when Tony’s warm hand settles on his shoulder. The genius’s other hand comes up to cup the boy’s chin, tilting his head up and forcing their eyes to meet.
“I know that doing stuff like this makes you nervous kiddie,” his father says softly, dark eyes shining, “but I’m going to be keeping an eye on you the whole time.”
Peter forces himself to nod, shoving away the right coil of anxiety he can feel rolling his gut. He leans into his father’s touch for just a second, taking strength from the man’s comforting presence. Tony just watches him with soft eyes, pressing a kiss against the top of his head.
“I’m okay.” Peter says, pulling away and grabbing the door handle, the metal cool against his sweaty palm. “We can go in now, I promise.”
Tony studies him for a minute, and Peter smiles, trying in vain to make it not look as forced as it feels. Finally, the Billionaire sighs, laying an arm across his son’s shoulders and pushes the door open with his other.
The sound of the music becomes suddenly louder, swelling above the chatter of people and the clanking of glasses. Tony, after flashing Peter one last small, genuine smile, immediately raises a hand in greeting as a handful of information hungry journalists and power crazy politicians rampage over. They all begin to talk at once, shaking Tony’s hand and thankfully completely ignoring Peter as he scoots around.
So much for being with me.

Wrapping his arms around his middle, the teen flinches slightly as the noise becomes increasingly louder, his Dad’s fake laugh and toothy smirk rising above the rest as he glances back. He seems to be ready to come over there, to check on his son, but Peter shoots him a small smile once more.
Then the crowd of people close around him and he is lost to Peter.
Shaking his head, Peter looks around, zeroing in on a darker corner couch, the only other occupant being a young man a little older then the teenager. Twisting his fingers together, the young Stark walks warily over, the hum of his anxiety a constant reminder of his unease. Huffing out a small breath, Peter sits on the edge of the couch, the cold leather making him shiver. He casts a quick glance at the other boy, looking away when their eyes meet.
“Some party, huh?” The stranger says, his voice at least an octave deeper then Peter’s. “The name’s Shane. My uncle owns a big company across town, but I’m just here for the free drinks.”
Peter shrugs, keeping his eyes on the small pieces of golden confetti raining down from the sky, the flashing lights from the dance floor casting warping shadows. Out of the corner of his eye, the young Stark sees Shane slam his now empty glass onto the table beside him, the ringing noise causing the teen to startle.
“So, what’s your name, beautiful?”
The older dude’s voice seems to have gotten closer, and, with a speed that almost cracks his neck, Peter looks back. The first thing he notices is how blue the man’s eyes are. The paleness of them, in contrast to his dark hair, was something Peter would have normally found attractive if it wasn’t for the way he was looking at him.
“I-I don’t—“ the young Stark starts to say, leaning back as Shane moves closer. “P-Peter. My name’s Peter.”
“Peter.” Shane breathes out his name, not getting discouraged by the shudder the other boy tries to hide.
Brushing his dark hair from his face, Shane moves even closer to Peter, his breath reeking of alcohol and his hand moving toward the boy’s face. Peter scoots further away, nearly falling off of the couch and blushing as red as his father’s suit when Shane’s blue eyes cloud with amusement.
“Be careful there baby!” The older boy says with a wink, reaching his invasive hands out and pulling Peter back by his waist. “Wouldn’t want you to fall and ruin that pretty face.”
The young Stark shoves his hands off, looking around urgently for his Dad and praying that the man is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Sexual Assault
Hurt Peter Parker
Teenage Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Read at Your Own Risk
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Complete
Mama Bear Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Peter Parker isn't Spider-Man
Peter Parker is a Mess
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Additional Warnings Apply
One Shot
Father-Son Relationship
Platonic Relationships
Platonic Cuddling

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Original Male Character(s)

