Chapter 1: Meet Your Idols
    




Chapter Text
Petra squealed in her cheeks when she saw the discarded DVD player in the dumpster behind the barbershop. Luckily for her, most people on this block discarded and replaced their perfectly fixable electronics as soon as they stopped working. She snatched it up like treasure. With a screwdriver, extra parts, and a little elbow grease, she could repair it within the hour and be able to watch her movies.She used to watch them on her PS3, but she sold that when she and her Aunt May moved into their apartment. While Aunt May insisted that Petra didn’t have to make it her responsibility to pay any bills, Petra knew that Aunt May shouldn’t have to do this alone. She already felt guilty for Uncle Ben’s death as it is; she didn’t want to make her aunt suffer too. May, however, didn’t want to force Petra to grow up too quickly. Food and shelter were May’s job and she would be damned before she made it her niece’s too. So Petra used the extra cash to buy the things that she needed personally, like clothes and school supplies. Besides, she could always go to Ned’s house to use his PS4.The new apartment was a major downsize from the house obviously, but Petra took to it really quickly. If the old house could go from a strange new place to what she called home, then surely she could do the same for this apartment. As long as she had her Aunt May there, it was home.As soon as she got through the front door, she set down her loot and her backpack and headed straight for the kitchen, as per her daily routine.“Hey May.” She greeted without taking her eyes off her path.“Hey, how was school today?” Aunt May asked cheerily.“Okay.” Petra said as she pulled out her earbud, “There’s this crazy car parked outside…”Petra had to do a double take when she saw the man sitting on the couch to make sure she wasn’t mistaking him for someone else. It could be an impersonator, or just another distinctly bearded visitor. She didn’t confirm it was really THE Tony Stark until he spoke.“Oh, Miss Parker.” The man sounded just like he did in his press conferences.“Hu...wha...haha…What are you doing he-” Petra didn’t know what to do with her hands so shuffled them behind her back as she stammered, “H-Hi, I’m Petra…”“Tony.” He said in a friendly way. Petra wondered whether she died or was hallucinating because the most famous man she could ever imagine just met her three seconds ago and they were already on a first name basis. Or maybe she was assuming too much, and he was just being extra nice because she was such a loser and he could see it on her face.“What are you...what are you...you doing here?” Petra tried to keep her cool and not scream.
“It’s about time we met.” Mr. Stark said while Aunt May mouthed her disbelief.“You’ve been getting my emails right?” He continued and winked at her, but the eye he tried to wink with was bruised like hell and did more of a wince, so he switched to the normal eye. She was still confused, but now she knew whatever he had to discuss, it must have been a secret, and may have had to do with why he had a shiner, and she was secretly afraid that this had to do with her new powers.“Yeah, yeah...” Petra played along, “...regarding the-” She left it open for Tony to fill in.“You didn’t tell me about the grant!” Aunt May said.“About the grant.” Petra followed.“The September Foundation.” Mr. Stark explained, “Remember when you applied?”“Yeah…” Petra went with the lie, even though she thought that grant was only for college students.“I approved, so now we’re in business.” He said as took a sip from the cup of the special tea set. He stared at her long and hard so Petra got the real message, since winking was apparently off the table for him now.“But you didn’t tell me anything. What’s up with that? You’re keeping secrets from me now?” Aunt May asked.“W-Well I…” Petra bit her finger and she tried to come up with an immediate lie, “...I only applied because the career counselor told me to. I didn’t think I actually stood a chance. I don’t even remember which part I applied for. I think it was…?”“That’s what I’m here to hash out.” Mr. Stark took over.“Okay, h-hash it out, okay.” Petra kept eating her fingers.“It’s so hard for me to believe that she’s someone’s aunt.” He derailed for a bit.“Well, we come in all shapes and sizes, you know.” Aunt May said with a laugh.“This walnut date loaf is exceptional.” He complimented her.“Let me just stop you there.” Petra got back on track once the shock wore off, “Is this grant, got, like, money involved, or whatever? No?”“Yeah, it’s pretty well-funded. Look who you’re talking to.” Mr. Stark answered and then turned to Aunt May, “Can I have five minutes with her?”Aunt May looked to Petra first to see if her niece was okay with that, and Petra nodded furiously, so she gave them the okay.Petra ran to her room first and tried to clean as much clutter off of her desk and her bed before Mr. Stark walked in. When he entered the room, she heard 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Liz Allan/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Genderbending
Petra Parker - Freeform
Fem Spider-Man
fem!Spider-Man - Freeform
Fem Peter Parker - Freeform
fem!Peter Parker - Freeform
Canon Compliant
Past Child Abuse
Dating violence
Will Address the Skip Westcott backstory in a later chapter
Coming of Age

fandom: 
Liz Allan/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

