Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"An ad?"
"Yes. In the newspaper."
"An ad."
When Natasha had been called in for an emergency, this was not what she'd been expecting.
"Our analysts found it this morning," Fury explained, tapping the folded newspaper in front of him. "We have alerts set up for any and all publications containing variations of Captain Rogers' name." Natasha didn't bother nodding: she knew that, and Fury knew that she knew. "Usually something like this can be quickly dismissed as a typo, a coincidence or a fake. This one, however, cannot."
He pushed the newspaper across the desk for Natasha to pick up. The ad in question had been circled in red: DUPONT CIRCLE - furnished bedroom for rent with shared bathroom and kitchen, easy access to red line and bus lines 42, D2, H1, L1 plus shops. All utilities included. For more information, call S. Rogers at—and the number matched that of Rogers' SHIELD issued phone.
Then Natasha saw the rent, and narrowed her eyes.
"From here we have two possibilities," Fury went on, leaning back in his chair and interlacing his fingers. "Either this is also a fake, in which case we need to worry about how and why that number ended up in DC's most widely circulated newspaper. Or this is the real deal, in which case this is still a problem, because we can't let half of DC have access to Captain America's professional phone number, or know the whereabouts of his flat."
In short, he needed Natasha to ascertain which of these two options was the right one and deal with it quickly and discreetly.
She was pretty sure that this wasn't what the Red Room had had in mind when they'd trained her investigative skills.
 
*
 



 
*
 
"I hear you're renting out a room," she said when Rogers opened the door, armed with a smirk and the newspaper Fury had given her.
Rogers' lips almost curled in dismay, before he smothered it and simply stepped back to let her enter. He knew how this worked by now.
"Yes, I am," he said. He also knew there was no point denying it. "Why, is that not done anymore either?"
"Oh, it is," Natasha said, following him to the living-room, "as shown by the number of calls you've probably received since the morning edition's come out."
She caught the sheepish glance he threw at the coffee table where his cell phone lay, dark and silent. Turned off, probably.
"What is not done," she went on, "is giving out the number to your SHIELD issued phone. Those are professional use only and should remain confidential. They're not your standard number either."
Anyone who saw it would've known it at once, too: there wasn't the right amount of digits. But, she realized now, Rogers might not have noticed. In fact, he probably had little to no idea what a standard phone number looked like nowadays, no basis for comparison.
"Well, it's not like anyone bothered to explain how to use that thing over there, or gave me the number to it."
He gestured at a device tucked under the window that was more buttons than machine. Natasha had noticed it the first time she'd come here, and suggested in her report that if SHIELD insisted on equipping Rogers' flat with something as obsolete as a landline, the least they could do was buy a design that was instinctively useable. Apparently they hadn't taken her up on it.
Idiots.
"It should be on the box. Or in the manual."
"Yeah?" Rogers said, irritated. "And where are they?"
Double idiots.
She would need to have a talk with Fury about the people he hired.
Again.
But she wasn't here to gripe over the unacceptable incompetence of SHIELD's employees, so she went on: "There is also the issue of you being, you know. You."
Rogers looked away, jaw working.
"Annie suggested it," he said mulishly.
Natasha blinked. "Annie?"
"From bingo club," he said. "Where I go every week. Which you know all about, of course."
It had taken Rogers some time to realize that SHIELD was monitoring him—long enough, actually, for Natasha to almost feel disappointed. After the ripple of excitement that had coursed through the whole agency when the Captain had been found, she'd expected, well. More. One of World War II's chief strategists, like Coulson had said.
Then she'd realized that he'd had his suspicions from the start, and that his full realization had only been impeded by his reluctance to believe it; like, somehow, he'd expected something else from them—like he'd expected better. Since then, he hadn't stopped bringing it up. Not snidely, not quite, his tone was too neutral for that. But the comments popped up often enough to feel disapproving—like Rogers was the one with the reason and the right to be disappointed.
"I'm only here to help you ease into the present time," she said diplomatically.
Rogers arched an eyebrow. "And in the present time it's forbidden to look for a roommate when one has a room to spare?"
"Why are you doing this, Rogers?" Natasha asked. "Really?"
She thought for a moment that he wouldn't answer. Then he shrugged, reluctant. "I don't know. I'm just…" He trai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Grumpy Bucky Barnes
Implied/Referenced Torture
Implied/Referenced Loss of Limb
Ableism
Invasion of Privacy
Heteronormativity
Coming Out
Humor
Fluff
Angst
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Oblivious Avengers
Dancing
Wooing
POV Multiple
Roommates
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian
do not copy to another site
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
background Clint Barton/Laura Barton

