Chapter 1: Ooh Child, Things Are Gonna Get Easier
    




Chapter Text
“T-tony?”“Peter?” The kid sounded wrecked, and the shudder in his voice had Tony tracking his phone within seconds. “What’s wrong, kiddo?”“I-I need…” A sob broke through Peter’s voice, and Tony’s legs were carrying him towards the garage before his brain could even process the action. “I need you.”“I’m coming, kid. I’m coming. Where are you?” He changed his course suddenly, swerving away from the cars and towards the launch pad instead. He’d take the suit and have Happy meet them with a car afterwards, if it was even necessary.Shit. Should he be calling an ambulance? “The hospital.”Tony started. “Are you sick? Peter, are you hurt?”He needed to get to his kid now.“N-no. Not me, Mr. Stark. M-my aunt.”Before Tony could respond, F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s voice sounded through the intercom. “Sir, Peter is currently located at Lenox Hill Hospital. You should be able to reach his location in approximately 15 minutes using the suit.”“What happened, kid?”“I don’t-”Suddenly, Peter’s voice was cut off by another.“Mr. Parker? Is that your emergency contact?”“Y-yes. He-he’s coming.”“Please give me the phone, Mr. Parker. I need to talk to him.”“O-okay.”There were muffled noises as the phone was transferred.“Hello? This is Avery Nickles from the Department of Social Services. I understand that you’re Peter Parker’s emergency contact?”Tony’s whole body went cold. Social Services. That meant…
No.
The suit closed around him and the call was quickly forwarded to the comms. He took off, streaking towards the distantly glowing lights of New York City.Too far, he thought, I’m too far away from him.“Yeah,” he forced the words through the lump in his throat, “yeah I am.”“Has Peter informed you of the situation?”“No. You didn’t really give him a chance.” Tony didn’t even attempt to conceal the bite in his words.The worker sighed, taking on a tone of practiced sympathy that made the billionaire’s skin crawl. “I’m very sorry to inform you of this, but May Parker was involved in a fatal car wreck this evening. She passed away a little under an hour ago. As you may be aware, she was Mr. Parker’s last living relative. Peter needs someone to sign for his temporary guardianship until Mrs. Parker’s will can be retrieved and reviewed. When I asked him, Peter said that you may be an option. If you’re unwilling or incapable, I can place him in a foster home until-”“I’m on my way.” Tony snapped, stomach twisting at the image of Peter, grieving and alone, being shoved into a house full of strangers. “I’ll sign whatever you want.”“Thank you. For security purposes, and to streamline the process once you arrive, I’m going to need your name. To ensure his safety, a simple background check will be necessary before we can release Peter to you. I’m sure you understand. I can have the process begun immediately. Hopefully it’ll be complete once you arrive.”“Tony Stark.”The line was silent for a few moments. If he hadn’t been so worried about Peter, Tony might have felt a grim satisfaction at breaking her professional resolve.“Ah. Right. I see.”He rolled his eyes.“I’m about ten minutes out. Is that all?”“Uh, yes. We’ll speak more once you arrive.”“Yeah. Sure. Can I speak to Peter?”“Of course.”A second later, the kid’s wobbly voice came back across the line.“H-hey Mr. Stark.”“Hey there, kiddo. I heard what happened.”The kid just sniffled.“Listen,” Tony started, heart pounding at the prospect of having to comfort a crying child, “just hang in there, okay?”“Okay.”“I’ll see you soon.”“Yeah.”The moment that call ended, Tony made another one.“Tony?”“Rhodey!” Tony exclaimed, finally letting his panic slide up his throat at the sound of his best friend’s voice. “I need you to call my lawyers. All of them.”“What did you do this time, Tony?”“I’m adopting a kid.”“You’re,” Rhodey paused, sputtering over his words in a way that was entirely uncharacteristic of the usually suave Colonel, “you’re doing what now?”“Peter’s aunt is dead.”“Tony… Tony, I’m so sorry.”“It’s not my tragedy.”“Right, well,” Rhodey’s voice went deadly serious, “what’re you gonna do?”“I just told you, Rhodes. I’m heading to pick him up now. I’ll sign temporary guardianship papers until they get the will.”“What if she’s got a guardian already lined up for him in the will, Tony?”“She does.”“Who is it?”“It’s me, dumbass.”“It-it’s you?”“Jesus, Rhodey, thanks for the vote of confidence. Yes, it’s me. She changed it four months ago.”“So… why do you need to adopt him? You’ll be his guardian either way.”“Because…” Tony took a deep breath. If it was hard to admit this to Rhodey, it was going to be impossible to tell anyone else. “Because I don’t want this to be a temporary thing. I’m in it for the long haul, and I want the kid to know that.”“Man, Tony.” Rhodey said, voice filling with awe and something that sounded a little like pride. “You’re really going to do this.”“Yeah, I am.” He landed heavily on the sidewalk outside of the hospital, startli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Minor Character Death
I killed Aunt May
Dead Aunt May
I'm so sorry guys
can I write one fic without killing someone?
apparently not
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Grief/Mourning
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
even if he doesn't really know it yet
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony adopts Peter
I love Peter Parker
Father-Son Relationship
Bullying
Torture
eventually
Kidnapping
Waterboarding
The Author Regrets Nothing
The Author Regrets Everything

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes

