Work Text:
  Tony tried to be a good guy, even the score of his death toll from his Merchant of Death days, and be what the Avengers had needed him to be. Apparently that wasn’t going to happen though. He had a witch mess with his head which resulted in JARVIS’s death and Ultron’s creation, Steve had completely ignored him when he said Wanda was bad news, the superhero civil war happened, and even though they broke a shit ton of laws the rogues had been brought back and dropped on Tony’s doorstep. Seriously what else was Tony supposed to do but realize his life as a superhero just wasn’t meant to be? 1 Loki Tony had found Loki’s hideout on earth and waited in his living room with that drink he’d promised all those years ago. The god of mischief had come home to find Tony lounging seductively on his couch with the best alcohol money could buy scattered around him just waiting for the mage.“Hello there my prince, I’ve come to put in my application to be your slave/minion. All I need in return is appreciation and love. Maybe some cuddles, I’m a very touchy feely person and that seems like a fair exchange for my undying loyalty.”Loki was utterly confused by the sight of his admittedly most interesting and intelligent opponent among the mortals of this realm. Seeing the genius laid out and offering both himself and loyalty to him was tempting. Very, very tempting. The god had to shake himself out of that train of thought and remind himself not to be a bad villain. Good villains didn’t sleep with heroes. Sure they corrupted heroes if possible and destroyed them, even manipulate them if possible but they did not sleep with them.
Bad Loki, do not sleep with the really sexy genius.
His face must have betrayed his inner thoughts because the genius walked over to him with a slight swing to those very attractive hips.
Oh Norns if he turns around and shows me that deliciously attractive ass of his I will lose this battle to temptation.
Loki did not lose battles. He let a cool mask of indifference overtake his face as the genius wrapped his arms around his neck and pressed his well-toned form against the god’s.
Damn this sexy mortal temptress and his attractive form. 
On the outside Loki was as the mortal say cool as a cucumber but on the inside he was cursing the genius and every single force in the nine realms that brought their paths to intertwine because he would end up claiming this mortal all over his home. He was supposed to be a supervillain! He would not be led astray by…
By Odin’s beard his lips are the softest I’ve felt!
Loki forced himself to have self-control and put the genius at arm’s length even though he wanted to continue ravishing the man’s mouth. He shouldn’t have let the mortal close enough to kiss him!“Listen to me Anthony Stark, you are a hero. Your heart and soul betray you in your quest to try and walk the same path as I do. These mortals of this realm are beneath me, they are mere ants waiting for the boot to crush them. You do not nor will you ever see them as I do. So you will return to your home and continue on the path you walk as a hero. Continue to shine as a beacon of hope to the lowly creatures of this world that do not deserve you yet continue to have you leading them from the destruction and horrors those like myself bring.”Loki froze when the genius engulfed him in a hug. It was not painful as Thor’s were but gentle and comforting. If only he’d met this hero long before, perhaps he would have saved him to.“Come man of iron, I shall take you home.”Tony Stark did not lie when he said he was a very touchy feely person. Loki carried the genius on his back the entire way back to his home. Of course the god of mischief hid them from sight. He was a good supervillain; no one was going to see him taking the hero home safely. It would ruin his credibility among the other villains and give Thor uselessly hopeful ideas. ~ 2 Magneto Erik most commonly known as Magneto knew mutants were the future. He gathered his forces, worked to show the humans their time was at an end, that mankind had evolved to a higher level and that level was mutantkind.His stance was well known, his enemies numbered against him and his cause, which was why he was confused as to why a very human and very heroic Tony Stark was here before him.“So I could probably design a weapon that would wipe out all non-mutant humans. You’d appreciate if I did that for you right? You wouldn’t accept my gift for you and then badmouth me and say I’m just trying to buy your love or friendship? I’m a futurist and a scientist, I know how evolution works. Quite frankly I believe mankind has been doomed for a long time. Might as well help the evolutionary train move along.”Erik sighed as he took in the dark shadows under the man’s eyes as well as the redness that showed he’d either been holding back tears or had already let his tears run dry.“Let’s get you home Dr. Stark, no making chemical weapons though mutants everywhere would remember you fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Hela (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Erik Lehnsherr & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thanos
Tony Stark & Surtur

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Crack Treated Seriously
Fluff and Crack
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Needs a Hug
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Hela (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Erik Lehnsherr & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thanos
Tony Stark & Surtur

