Work Text:
It was past midnight and Michelle was bored. She’d been reading, waiting for Peter to call and tell her he was on his way back. She would stay over sometimes, waiting up to make sure the dumbass didn’t hurt himself while he was out being a superhero. She hadn’t planned on finishing her book tonight, so when she was done and put it in her bag, she didn’t have a backup. She sighed and flopped back on Peter’s bed. Might as well get cozy and daydream until he comes back.
Sometimes she wondered how she’d gotten herself into this mess. Her best friend is fucking Spider-Man. It’s been three years and every now and then that would still throw her through a loop, like when she saw him on the news, or when she’d see him looking beat up and hurt. He worried her more than she cared to admit.
He was her best friend, and somehow she’d fallen hopelessly in love with the dork. It happened slowly, mostly because she was in denial of her feelings. It was his dumb little smiles, and enduring kindness. The way he ran a hand through his hair when he was nervous. How his eyes sparkled sometimes when he got excited about something he loved. It was the way he remembered the small things. The way he was devoted and loyal to his family and friends, she was pretty sure the moron would die for her. It was that smile he only gave to her, the one that made her feel warm and gave her butterflies fluttering inside. It was all of him. She was hopeless.
She cared for him far too much. She may have loved him, but she’d never tell him. It would change things. The risk of losing his friendship was too great. He meant the world to her, she’d die if she lost him. So being friends was good enough for her.
So what if she wanted to kiss him every time he smiled? She could deal with it. It didn’t matter that he could make her heart skip a beat with the ways he looked at her. She could handle it. So maybe when they get really close she shivers a little, that doesn’t matter. She could manage herself. Just a friend.
Only sometimes, it got so hard to ignore her feelings when they spent time together. She hid those emotions when they were alone, overflowing with frustration the moment she would leave. It was too much. She was going to break eventually. Right now she was kind of glad to be alone, spared the turmoil of emotions that filled her when he was near.
Michelle was alone in his room, and on his bed by herself. She wished she could be with him in his bed. She wished he would do things to her on this bed. Her thoughts were filled with longing to kiss him, to run her hands all over him. Fantasies of tangling her fingers in his hair and his lips on her neck.
MJ sighed. The more she thought about what she wished she could do with Peter, the more turned on she got. She began trailing her hands along her body, imaging him running his hands all over her. She needed to get rid of this built up tension before it killed her. Michelle was certain what she was about to do fell into the category of perverted and creepy, but she was too far gone to really care.
She hiked up her sweater to reveal the top of her leggings. She bit her lip as she trailed a hand down her skin. She paused briefly and told herself she shouldn’t be doing this, but her body obviously disagreed, hand pushing under the waistband of her leggings. She rested her hand above her heat for a moment, imagining it was Peter’s fingers that were brushing against her panties, and she shuddered. She rubbed herself softly through the fabric. There was no going back now.
Michelle groaned as she pulled her hand up to slip it into her panties. She gave herself some teasing touches along the lips before massaging her inner folds gently, she was already wet. She closed her eyes and pictured Peter looking at her with a hungry gaze and his hand between her legs. Oh, how she longed for him to look at her that way. She whined a bit at the thought and picked up her pace, adding some nice light pressure.
She had her other hand gripping the bed to ground herself. The sheets smelled like him, and it was intoxicating. She fisted the fabric and pulled it up to her face, practically inhaling his scent. MJ moaned, it made it feel like he was all around her. She rubbed herself with earnest, fingers swirling on her clit.
MJ let out small huffs and moans and her breathing became labored, her eyes shut tight in concentration. She was losing focus on everything but pure feeling and thoughts of Peter. If she had been paying attention, she might’ve heard the apartment door open and close. She might’ve heard the footsteps heading to the bedroom. She might’ve seen the bedroom door open.
“Holy shit.” Peter half shouted in surprise. She definitely heard that.
MJ’s eyes shot open and flew over to take in Peter standing in the doorway. She gasped and curled in on herself a bit, pulling her hand out of her pants so quickly that there was an audible snap when the elastic hit her skin. She sat up and scooted back against the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
spideychelle - Relationship

freeform: 
Mutual Pining
Idiots in Love
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Grinding
Dry Humping
Spideychelle
Friends to Lovers
Kissing
the nerds are getting naughty
about damn time

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
spideychelle - Relationship

