Chapter 1: Poking the Happy Fun Ball
    


Notes:
Tony may seem like he doesn't want it. But the Chitauri artifact is psychotropic: it responds to what a subject desires.




Chapter Text
Clint leans against the counter, drumming his fingers against the sterile glass. Blond brows crumple in disbelief, indenting lines across his forehead.“Come  on, you can’t spend all night holed up in your lab again.”Tony glances up from the projection pad, twisting a cyan circle two degrees left. The corresponding readings spike slightly and he frowns.Bombarding the sphere with electromagnetism ought to be popping whatever seals hold it in a sphere. Other than the corresponding rumble FRIDAY measures around the artifact, it stays inert.Troubling, but he never expected this to be easy. Chinese finger-puzzle trap difficulty, maybe, but actual challenges are few and far between.Clint huffs. “Are you even listening?”He ducks at a paper airplane tossed at his face and it sails behind him, harmlessly shot down by a floating orb.Incinerated scraps float to the ground, ash sprinkled on the ground.“Jesus!” Clint stiffens, mincing back five steps and throwing Tony an offended look. “What the hell, Stark? You could’ve ignited my hair gel with that freaking marble.”“I’ve got work to do, Barton. Another time.”Tony recalibrates the mag pulses with a sweep of his finger.  Ten percent increase ought to do it. The watch buzzes on his wrist, a quiet reminder for the approaching appointment.So much for the persuasive sell. Clint pats down his jeans to make sure nothing smoulders back there, and he glares at the offending marble orbiting just outside arm’s reach.“Steve and Nat will be there,” he says.“Feel free to send my regards.”Tony presses the heart of the dial and awaits the feedback readings from two dozen sensors in the lab six storeys underground. A necessary precaution when dealing with anything alien.The archer hooks his fingers into his back pocket, feeling for the batarang hidden in his wallet. “Yeah, you said that the last three Fridays in a row. Starting to think you’ve got something hidden in your ivory tower, you know.”“Leave MOLLY alone.” Tony doesn’t look up.“MOLLY?”“Mobile orbiting life-lock initiative.” Molly. Animate defense on the go, the marble circles around the loitering archer in forever altered orbits.“Man, you need a life. What’s with you naming all your systems after girls?” Clint doesn’t quite suppress a snort.He’d rather not be having this conversation right now. The sooner Barton gets out of his hair, the better.His eyes are fixed on the graphs glimmering on the horizontal tableau. Turns out he found just the right combination to unlock something and little pleases him more than being right.“At least I remember the names of mine.”An attempt to disguise a choked splutter by coughing only goes so far. “Below the belt, Stark. Seriously, what’s so damn important you can’t bother seeing your friends once in a while?”“Work.”He doesn’t need this interruption right now. Tony cleared out the executive floor two hours ago and warned the security personnel to bother him with nothing short of alien invasion. His network of satellites ought to give at least twenty minutes of advanced warning, and anything else is Strange’s problem.“Tony.” Clint steps up into his face, the distorted gradients and scales washed over his burgundy shirt and dark-wash jeans. Snapping his fingers pulls Tony’s gaze away from the critical data piling up.A frown settles onto Tony’s face, his eyes narrowed in a cold focus that, under different circumstances, tends to send personal assistants and senior technical program managers fleeing to their workstations. Anywhere but under his mercurial, focused attention.“I’ve made it terribly clear I have important work to do. Do we have a mission I somehow missed?”“Well, no.”“Or was the debrief with Director Fury moved up and I somehow failed to notice a helicarrier hovering overhead?” Tony’s supply of fucks to give, ever short in supply, dwindles to the point of trace elements.Why on earth would the sphere show neodymium plating? Unless... Magnets. One bobbing and dipping orange line measures the intense spike in temperature around the spheroid, another the stabilization of background radiation a good four ticks higher than anticipated. Still within measurable parameters, which all translates to something interesting happening, right now.A wave of his hand and FRIDAY could easily display the results in wide detail, but he really can’t have Clint and his big mouth reporting back half-truths to his Avenger colleagues. Bruce, mostly. He isn’t sure anyone else would have a clue.“Whoa, whoa, nice Molly. Just trying to get your boss to chill out with us once in a while,” Clint says.Molly spins around once more and takes on an ugly orange glow. Clint lifts both his hands in a wordless surrender while the laser charge builds. She can deliver a lethal blast, though the current setting unleashes shocks on par with a T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Tentacle Monsters
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Penetration
Tony Stark Has Issues
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Gags
Urethral Play
Anal Gaping
Hardcore
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Wants This
Overstimulation
Nipple Play
Nipple Clamps
Bondage
Predicament Bondage
Alien Technology
Fucking Machines
Dom Steve Rogers
Stony - Freeform
Anal Plug
Large insertions
Vacuum Pumping

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Sam Wilson

