Work Text:
Peter steeled himself before making his way past the block of lockers where Flash and his friends hung out every morning, prepared to ignore the imminent “Good morning, Penis!”. When it didn’t come, he was so surprised that he stopped and turned to look at the gang of boys, who hadn’t even realized he was there. They seemed to be busy pinning a shiny-haired boy that Peter had never seen before against a locker. Peter only hesitated for a moment before marching up, arms crossed.“Leave him alone!”Flash sneered. “Or what, Penis? Gonna get your mommy to threaten me? Wait, she’s not even your mom.”“You’re only mad because that worked,” Peter replied. “Leave this guy alone, he didn’t do anything.”“I don’t think we will, Penis. We’re just having so much fun, y’know?”“What’s going on here?” a booming voice called, and Peter was pleased to see that Flash scurried back, cowed by Principal Morita. The new boy dusted off his clothes, giving the principal a toothy smile.“Nothing, mister.”“Are you sure? It looked like these boys were bothering you.”“It’s not a big deal,” the boy said, shrugging. “Do you know where room 117 is? I tried to ask these dudes, but they’re not very friendly. Except for the one that got called Penis.”Peter turned red, and Mr. Morita raised his eyebrows. “Well, I’m sure Peter knows where 117 is. He can take you.”“Sure,” Peter squeaked, hurrying off with the new kid behind him.“You’re Peter?” the kid asked. Peter nodded. “Cool. I’m Ned.”“Nice to meet you,” Peter managed. Social interaction, still not one of his fine skills. Luckily, Ned didn’t seem to mind.“Why do they call you Penis? They seem more like dicks than you do.”Peter’s eyes widened, and he let out a surprised little laugh. “I don’t really know. They’ve been doing it for years.”“That sucks, man. Why did you stop? Most people would’ve kept walking.”“It didn’t seem right to leave you,” he said, shrugging. “It’s usually me that they pick on.”“Dude, that’s really nice of you. Thanks,” said Ned.“No problem,” Peter replied, cheeks tinging pink. “You said room 117, right?”“Yep. Spanish with… Mr. Avocado?”Peter snorted, covering his mouth. “Señor Alcaldo. Don’t let him hear you say that.”“Good to know,” Ned said, grinning. “What class do you have?”“Same as you,” said Peter, and Ned looked pleased.“Awesome. I hate not knowing anybody.”“I wish I didn’t know anybody,” Peter sighed. Ned gave him a sympathetic pat on the arm.“Let’s trade. I’ll be you and you be me. I always wondered what it’s like to be white.”“Probably pretty different,” Peter said, considering. “I guess I never really thought about it. White privilege right there.”Ned laughed. “Yeah, man. Our country’s messed up.”“Super messed up,” Peter agreed. He looked up at the clock as they entered room 117; they were ten minutes early. Ned took the desk next to Peter, which was usually empty.“Where did you move from?” Peter asked. “Warwick, Rhode Island. It’s the second biggest city in the state, but it’s -like- nothing compared to New York. This place is huge.”“Did you like it there?”“It was alright,” Ned said, shrugging. “Some kids were kind of dicks.”Peter winced. “This place might not be much improvement, then.”“Nah, it’s better already. I’ve got you, assuming you want to be my friend, which I probably shouldn’t… but hey! Live life on the edge, am I right?”“You want to be my friend?” Peter asked, eyes widening.“Yeah! You seem cool, and you helped me out back there.”“You can totally be my friend!” Peter definitely didn’t squeak..“Aw, really? Thanks, dude!” Ned grinned. “Peter and Ned. Oh man, my parents can suck it. They didn’t think I’d make any friends.”“Really?”“Yeah, it was pretty realistic of them, to be honest.”“I suck at making friends too,” Peter said.“Do your parents give you crap about it?”Peter looked down at his desk, pausing for a moment and debating his response. “No, not really,” he finally said. Which was true. Pepper and Tony didn’t bother him about having friends, and they were his adoptive parents.“Mine want me to have better social skills, or whatever, so I can get a good job when I’m older. I keep trying to tell them, you don’t need social skills if you have a job in computer programming.”“That’s true,” Peter said. “I mean, most of the people I live with don’t have social skills, and they’re functioning adults. Sort of.”“The people you live with?” Ned asked curiously. Well, it was sort of inevitable, Peter thought.“I -um- my parents died when I was little, and then my uncle and my… my aunt died, so now I live with my adoptive parents and their friends. It’s like a really big family.”“Oh, dude, I’m really sorry,” said Ned. “Are you the only kid in your house?”“Technically, yeah. But some of them… like Clint, Pepper sent him to etiquette class because he’s got the manners of a six-year-old. That was funny. And Bucky’s current obsession is legos.”“Dude, I love legos! Have you seen the Death Star kit? I wish I had the money to buy it!”Peter’s cheeks went slightl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
First Meetings
Peter Makes A Friend!
Protective Bucky Barnes
Overwhelmed! Ned
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Superfamily
Bucky's Cookies
Bucky is a hedgehog
for real
I made art to prove it
Hill isn't that scary
Pepper has too many meetings
Legos
art included

fandom: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

