Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Peter had never felt more urgent in his life. His breathing coming heavy to him as he jogged down New York City sidewalks on the busy Friday afternoon. He was on his way to Stark Tower, it’s figure jutting out from the blocks of city buildings ahead of him. His backpack jostled against his shoulders, the hard corner of his Chemistry textbook repeatedly digging into his shoulder blade as he ran. He took off as soon as the end-of-the-day school bell rang, not even wishing MJ or Ned a good weekend. His mind was entirely focused on getting to Tony as quickly as possible, his body tense. He wished he could pull his suit out from the bottom of his backpack and swing his way to the tower but something inside him told him that now wasn’t the time to draw more attention to himself. . . .Monday had been the worst day of his life. He awoke to his body drenched in sweat, his breathing haggard as he panted into his pillowcase. As a 16 year-old Peter had assumed that he was a beta. All of his friends had already presented. His lack of transition had solidified his notion that he must be a beta. He was comfortable with that. He was happy as a beta. Sure, every hero he knew was an alpha, but he was still accepted. None of the Avengers ever thought of him differently for being a beta. Tony never shunned him. Steve never left him behind. Bruce never kicked him out of the lab. But...now he’s not a beta.This morning hit Peter like a ton of bricks. His body had never felt so tight, his muscles tensing and his skin burning. May walked in on him in this position; whimpering on his twin bed, his body turned in on itself. One whiff of the air and she knew immediately what was happening. Peter was going into heat. He was an omega. There he lay for the next few days, with his body waging war on itself.May took it upon herself to call Stark Industries, alerting Peter’s supervisor that he would be unable to make it to his internship that week. However, as soon as May left him alone for a moment Peter was on the phone with Mr. Stark harshly breathing out the news that he presented as an omega. Panicking and crying that he wouldn’t be able to be Spiderman anymore, fearful that his new status would rip that part of his life away. Tony did his best to talk the kid down, telling him to come by the Tower on Friday and to bring the suit. He wasn’t about to let Peter lose something else, he was sure he could work something out, even if he had to resort to modifying Peter’s suit to scent block him.By Friday he was well enough to go to school, however he spent the entire day on edge. Everyone around him could sense the shift in him. If his anxious behaviour wasn’t enough to clue all of his classmates off to something being different, the new smell coming off of him was a dead giveaway. He couldn’t deny it and he couldn’t hide it.  He was a male omega; something relatively rare in their society. Out of omegas, only 1 in 50 was male. Peter felt eyes on him all day, especially from his Alpha classmates; looking at him with a newfound interest. Only MJ and Ned treated him the same. After the initial shock of learning of his presentation, they knew that the best way to support him was to treat him as though nothing had changed. No matter, Peter was anxious to get out of school, ready to get to Stark Tower as soon as possible.Now, he was pushing his legs faster and faster to Stark Tower, needing to know how Tony could help him. Terrified that he had already been in his suit for the last time and now he would be relegated to be just a normal kid, powers be damned. How would the Avengers take him seriously as an omega? They wouldn’t! The second they knew, Peter was sure that they would take him out of the line of fire, wanting to protect him.With all of these thoughts running through his head, he felt as though his body was moving on autopilot until he collided with a solid chest.“S-sorry sir,” Peter stuttered out, looking up into the face of the man that towered above him. Quickly backing away, Peter found himself trapped as the man dressed in head-to-toe black encircled him with his arms.“Get off me!” Peter yelled, squirming to get out of the man’s hold.“Easy there omega,” the man hummed, a smirk forming on his face. “Wouldn’t want anything bad to happen to you.”  Before Peter could process what was happening a second set of hands were on him and the two men pulled him into a nearby alley, away from any witnesses. Within a moment Peter felt a hand on his mouth, could taste the man’s skin on his lips as a needle was pushed into his neck and he sagged, the world going dark.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
Abuse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Peter
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Precious Peter Parker
Weapon X Project
Torture
Psychological Torture
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Auction
Human Experimentation
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Peter Parker
Whump
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Alpha Wade Wilson
Fluff and Smut
Protective Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

