Work Text:
It wasn’t his fault. It was not his fault.He had heard those words repeated like a beloved picture book every day, sometimes multiple times a day, for the last two years, but he always seemed to need to hear it just One More Time. Because for the first four years of his life the phrase, “It’s all your fault” had been the vast majority of what he had heard. And he was convinced that his name was ‘Boy’ or ‘Little Shit’ because that was all his father called him. Until the day Steve turned 18 and took custody of him and his older brothers Bruce and Clint, that had been Tony’s reality. His brothers had tried to protect him but they were at school so often and Tony was so young that it was nearly impossible.Tony was six and had been away from his father for two years and for the most part, he didn’t appear to suffer too many ill effects of his early years, though he did have nightmares still. However, he loved living with his brothers, going to school, he even enjoyed hanging out at whoever’s place of work would have him. At the moment, it was the diner that Clint worked at part time.Clint had set Tony up in the back corner booth with a book and coloring pages. Tony had a water to sip on and everyone who worked their knew him enough to keep an eye out for him.“Hey kiddo,” said the 18 year old, plopping a grilled cheese and burger on the table, followed by a basket of fries, hoping to convince the kid to eat some dinner. “Brought you some dinner. You want the burger or grilled cheese?”The older boys gave the six-year-old as many choices as possible to help him feel more secure. Tony hadn’t been allowed much in the way of choices before, so even though Clint desperately wanted his baby brother to eat the grilled cheese, he gave him a choice.“Burger, please,” said Tony with a grin, reaching his twig like arms across to the food. The boy was painfully thin still from all the meals he had been forced to miss and getting him to eat much of anything was often a battle.“So polite,” praised Clint, taking the grilled cheese with a bitten back sign. “Stevie’s going to be so proud. How was school today, buddy?”“We learned about sharks!” said Tony excitedly, bouncing in his seat. “They are so cool. Did you know that some sharks are tiny and others are bigger than Stevie?”“That’s awesome!” Clint tried to put the proper amount of enthusiasm into the response. “Where do sharks live?”“The ocean. Can we go to the library tomorrow and get books on sharks?”“Sure. I have to work but I’m sure Bruce will take you.”They finished their food while Tony told Clint as many facts about sharks that he could, then Clint had to head back to work while Tony continued to color quietly. Clint had started working part time at the diner when he was 16 and they left their father. Steve had only been 18 and stressed about providing a home and food for his 3 younger brothers – but staying hadn’t been an option. Steve refused to let Clint drop out of high school – it was one of the conditions their case worker had –so Clint did what he could to help out. This job didn’t pay much but it provided several free meals a week and enough money for a few extra activities like zoo visits and dates. Steve was busy working full time as a mechanic to pay the bills.Clint’s shift didn’t end until midnight but it was 10:30pm when Bucky and Steve entered.“Hey buddy,” said Steve, going over to Clint, who was manning the cash register while Bucky went over to Tony, who had fallen asleep at his table. “How’s it going?”“Fine,” said Clint, covering a yawn. “Tony ate an entire burger and like, seven fries. He wants to go to the library tomorrow, I thought Bruce could take him since you and I both work.”“Bruce has a big test on Monday,” said Steve reluctantly. “I already promised him the weekend to stay on campus for study groups. But maybe I can take Tony to the library this Thursday since that’s my afternoon off. Tony is going to have to spend the day here tomorrow.”“I’ll take him,” said Bucky, joining the brothers, Tony’s packed backpack slung over one shoulder, the sleeping six-year-old resting on his broad chest. “I don’t have plans tomorrow anyway.”“Oh, no, Bucky, I couldn’t – “ began Steve.“Steve, let me help,” said Bucky softly, unconsciously swaying to aid the boy in his arms with continued sleep. “Besides, it’s been forever since the kid and I have had a day together.”“You already do too much,” admitted Steve. He hated how often his long term boyfriend had to help him. Bucky had been his best friend since they were seven, they started dating ten years later, but Steve was still proud.“Punk, you know I love this kid,” said Bucky, kissing the top of Tony’s head. “I was there at the hospital the day he was born. He’s pretty much my kid brother as well at this point. So when I offer to take him to the library or park or pick him up from school, it’s not just because I want to help you, it’s also because he’s my little brother too.”Before Steve could make a fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Brothers
Brotherly Love
Brotherly Affection
Protective Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Feels
Mechanics
Diners
Hurt Tony
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Child Abuse
Teenagers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

