Work Text:
“What do you think you are doing?” The voice is angry, like a hissing snake preparing to strike. He tries, but opening his eyes to locate the speaker is currently beyond his strength.Another voice, much deeper than the first, like the rumbling aftershocks of an earthquake, answers, “Killing him. What else would we do with him?”There is pain, so much. It clouds his mind and makes it hard to think, but he knows he needs to fight it; otherwise these voices will end him.“I would ask if you are an idiot,” the first voice hisses again, “but the answer to that is obvious.”There are protests, and what sounds like shoving and shuffling, but after a moment, he feels a cool hand on his forehead. It is a welcome relief from all the heat that seems to have sewn its way into his very blood. He could swear the face hovering over him is blue, but his vision is as clouded as his mind.“Sleep,” the first voice orders. “I promise you will wake again.” Despite his every desire to resist, Thor slips into blissful unconsciousness./“I do hope you know what you are doing.”Loki curses under his breath at the sound of Laufey’s voice. He still has yet to figure out how his father can move so silently when he is larger than most Jotun. “Of course I do,” Loki answers in his most haughty tone. He tucks the wolf fur tighter around Thor’s prone form before turning to face Laufey.Laufey’s eyes are fixed to the sleeping son of his enemy. “You seem almost gentle with him, Loki.”Loki does not have to fake the disgust that contorts his face. He does, however, resist the urge to say anything scathing. No matter how useful Loki has proven himself, Laufey would backhand him through a wall for such an insult. “If we did as Helblindi suggested, and killed the Odinson, we would be at war; a glorious battle to be sure, but we would all be dead at the end of it. With my plan we all get to live, and perhaps introduce some gratitude into the brat’s manners. The worst result of my plan is still preferable to the best possible outcome of Helblindi’s plan.”Laufey does nothing, does not even blink, in the long minute he takes to stare at Thor. Eventually his gaze turns to Loki. “Any damages he causes, you shall be held responsible for.”“Restraints,” Loki answers immediately, hiding his smirk at Laufey’s approval.Laufey nods and moves to leave, but not fast enough for Loki to miss the slight upturn of his father’s lips. Just before he reaches the doorway, he calls over his shoulder, “Helblindi has been sent out on patrol, on the chance there are any more unfortunate Æsir wandering the wastes.”Loki smiles down at Thor. “Thank you, Father,” he says softly. Laufey is already gone, leaving with slow and silent footsteps, and would not appreciate the sentiment behind such a statement anyways. He tucks a lock of golden hair behind Thor’s ear, his Æsir flesh strangely soft and giving. Loki has never thought of Æsir flesh feeling different than his own before.“You would do well to wake before my brother’s return,” he tells Thor. “And do try to be a polite guest. I have twice saved your life after all.”/The first thing Thor does when he wakes is groan, loudly. His head is killing him. Every muscle in his body aches. Thor tries to move his arms, but they fail to respond. He tries again, forcing his eyes open, and realizing it is not a fault of his injuries, but the bonds of ice encircling his wrists. Thor roars and pulls at the restraints, but they are unforgiving. “What sorcery is this?” he shouts, continuing to thrash about with what little movement is allowed to him.“Mine,” a sharp voice snaps. A Jotun, so small that Thor would have thought him an ice elf if not for his red eyes and heritage lines, enters Thor’s view. “Stop thrashing,” the Jotun orders. “You will reopen your wounds.”“Get away from me!” Thor snarls. He flexes his hands, willing Mjolnir to come to him. She is far from wherever it is this Jotun has taken him, but she will be back in his hand soon enough. “You dare think you can hold the Son of Odin!”“By Ymir’s bones,” the Jotun swears. He reaches out to touch Thor, but Thor whips his head to the side and clamps his teeth around the Jotun’s hand. The Jotun yips and pulls back, glaring down at Thor. “I save your life and your bite me like some undisciplined child. Typical.”“I will not be taken in by your lies.” Thor growls and tests the restraints again, but they are strong as ever.“I lie about many things, but not this.” The Jotun cradles his bleeding hand to his chest. “The creature that bit you, out in the wastes, it looked like a fur ball with teeth, did it not?” Thor does not plan on giving an answer (even though the Jotun is correct), nor does the Jotun wait for one. “It releases a toxin into the bloodstream that causes the body to overheat. If I had not found you when I did, and administered treatment, you would now be dead,” the Jotun explains, then adds, “Had I not stopped my brother from crushing your skull, you would also be dead, so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Intersex Loki
Jotun Loki
Pregnant Loki
Bondage
Dom/sub

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

