Work Text:

Fight Club
  “I was thinking we could work on your flexibility,” Natasha said, playing with the towel around her neck like a scarf. “You said you needed to, after your surgery.” “Yeah,” Clint agreed, nodding. “How are you, by the way? Is this okay?” Tony shrugged. “Yeah, I was cleared for regular exercise. I’ve been doing all of the workouts my physical therapist wanted me to do and she said I should be fine.” “We’ll ease you into it,” Natasha assured him as they walked into the gym, then grimaced. “Or maybe not.” “Man, what a waste of a day,” Clint complained. Tony looked at both of them in confusion, then turned to see what they were looking at. He nearly choked when he saw Bucky and Steve going at it in the boxing ring. They weren’t even wearing pads. Holy shit. Natasha glanced at him, eyebrows raised in reluctant amusement. “Should we just leave you here to watch?” “No, oh my God, do you hate me?” Tony exclaimed, spinning toward her. “I thought we were friends!” She gave him a look as if to say ‘yeah, you thought that,’ but then she smiled a little to take some of the sting off of it. “We are friends, idiot. It’s not me that gets distracted by my boyfriends’ muscles, though.” “Shut up,” he hissed through his teeth. “You know it’s nothing to be ashamed of, right?” Clint asked quietly. “Just because bible-thumpers are saying it’s immoral doesn’t mean it is. It’s a perfectly normal part of your biology.” Tony did not tell him that the cause of his shame wasn’t bible-thumpers; he also did not tell him that the shame came from a string of relationships that ended when they found out about his… preferences. Natasha frowned, concerned now. “Is it because you’re dating two alphas? That’s fine, you know. Only the bigots have anything bad to say about it these days.” “No!” Tony exclaimed, voice strangled. “Can we—can we just do some fucking yoga?!” “Fine, fine,” Clint said, holding his hands up. “We’re here if you want to talk though, you know?” Natasha nodded in agreement. “Just say the word, and I’ll go grab a box of wine and some fruit for sangrias. We’ll make a night of it.” Instead of expressing how touched that made him feel, Tony snapped, “Just for that, we’re definitely working in a Firefly Pose!” As Clint simply shrugged, Natasha exclaimed, “What?! No! My arms aren’t as strong as yours!” .-.-.-.-.-. It wasn’t a problem, really. Tony just avoided the gym when Steve and Bucky were working out. He’d tried to keep it to just when they were sparring, but then one day he’d seen Bucky and Steve trying to outdo each other at overhead squats, and he’d tripped on the treadmill and flown onto the floor. This meant that there was about a two hour window per day that he could actually use the gym, and it was at some ungodly hour in the morning while his alphas were on their morning run (marathon, he’d said once, but Steve had been quick to assure him that they only ran twenty miles, not twenty-six-point-two, as if that actually meant anything to him). He’d tried to do it in the evenings, but Bucky and Steve would find their way to the gym because they wanted his attention. While flattering, Tony found it very hard to get any working out done when they were pouting at him and waiting for him to finish so they could cuddle. Tony kind of wanted to scream. He’d finally been cleared for more strenuous workouts than his physical therapy (which had been their own hell), and he couldn’t actually do any. “I’ll distract them,” Bruce offered. “It might only get you a work out a couple times a week, but it’s a start.” “Bless you,” the omega told him. So Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, he got to work out in peace, while Bucky and Steve obediently went through Bruce’s rigorous testing for a couple of hours after ingesting different foods and proteins. They didn’t know that most of the things they tried were just for shits and giggles, but Bruce was still pleased with the information he got from them, so who really cared about that? “I’m pretty sure Bruce is just making them eat the most disgusting things he can find and then seeing if they’ll throw up on the treadmill,” Natasha commented, folding herself into a Camel Pose. “He gave them spicy kimchi and then told them to run five miles as fast as they could. Steve made it half a mile before he spewed.” “Steve is weak,” Tony said, nodding. He moved into the Heron Pose, because Camel was still a bit too much for his healing chest. “I always have to order his Thai food as mild.” Clint frowned, also in Camel. “Are you saying that kimchi is disgusting? Because I love kimchi—spicier the better.” “I’m not saying it’s disgusting; I’m saying that Steve thinks it’s disgusting and will probably be late to dinner because he needs to clean the treadmill.” Tony giggled quietly. “I’m sure Bucky was pleased.” “He might have been if he hadn’t started laughing and sent himself flying off the treadmill into the wall. Stopping on the treadmill at their speeds is like standing on a rocket.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve
alpha bucky
Omega Tony
Knotting
scene negotiation
Violent Sex
Lingerie
Lingerie Kink
sybian saddle

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

