Work Text:
When Tony Stark is born, the doctor comes out to give Howard the usual speech; the speech he gives to disappointed Alphas who had hoped for an heir, and hopeful Omegas eager for a child to spoil. The ‘Well of course we can’t be sure if he is an Omega or Beta until he reaches puberty-‘ speech. The speech withers in his throat and dies when he meets Howard Stark’s eyes. The moment stretches uncomfortably. "My son,” Howard speaks slowly and clearly. “Is Beta.” Calmly, steadily, daring the doctor to disagree.The doctor said nothing, but quietly withdraws inside to sign 'Male Beta' under Tony Stark's name. Because if the heir to Stark industries could not be the Alpha he was meant to be, Howard would make sure the world knew him as the next best thing. And make sure his son knew he had disappointed him by just being born. 
 It is never enough. Tony doesn’t know what would be enough because sometimes it's as though his father expects him to fly. He can climb as high as he can (building a circuit board at five) and work as hard as he can (graduating from MIT at seventeen) and strain as hard as he can for the stars (now, sitting at the dining room table with a battered Frankenstein of a portable computer he’s made himself, trying to make a machine that can learn) and it's never enough. Tony pushes the computer screen away, green on black text blurring for a minute. He presses the heels of his hands into his eyes, trying to will away the heavy weight pressing behind his eyes. It's been three days since he came home from MIT, nursing a spectacular hangover from the graduation party that he still isn't over. He feels hot and sticky and sick, the air was too close in his bedroom so he’d come down here to code (and maybe, maybe his father might walk past and see what he was working on).And fuck, what had he done at that party? Admittedly he can’t remember that much of it because hey, drugs and alcohol, and since being Beta means he isn’t likely to get anyone pregnant, there was probably a lot of that too. But whatever it was just refuses to leave him alone, and it’s hard to concentrate on coding when his skin feels too tight and itching from the inside. “Tony.” ... and that’s just what he wanted when he came down here, wasn’t it? For his father to see him, notice him, ask him. Not for his dad to come in when he’s sick and feeling like shit. Tony rubs his face and looks up at Howard Stark. And that, that right there is his least favourite sight where his father is concerned. The thin-lipped, disappointed before he even sees what Tony is trying to do; that whatever it is, it’s not worth his time. Why is Tony trying to show him this useless piece of trash?And the whiskey. There’s always that. This time there’s only a finger of it in the tumbler, but the smears on the glass tell of a lot more, and Tony’s bitterly familiar with his father when drunk.He tries anyway “Hey dad.”“What are you doing.” It’s not a question, it’s not even curiosity. It’s disappointed. It’s always disappointed. If Tony was building a circuit board, why hadn’t he made a computer? If he built an engine, why didn’t he build one that did something new? And if he was building an intelligent program, why wasn’t it already working?Tony usually just feels tired and fed up, now he feels sick and restless, as though his skin is two sizes too small. There’s a jerk in his stomach, like something inside him had just kicked.Oh please, he is not going to be sick. Not in front of his father like this-“What are you doing?” And this time it is a question. A ‘why are you ruining that circuit board?’ question.And hey, ten thousandth time lucky “I’m trying to-“ he starts.Howard walks over; one hand reaches out to brace himself on the table. Drunk then. Really drunk. His frown gets darker, his nostrils flare.“What are you- you smell like-““I’m not feeling great-“ Tony chokes off when his father grabs hold of his hair and pulls his head to one side, bends down and inhales the crook of Tony’s neck. And fuck, Tony can smell him beneath the stench of alcohol, something hot and cloying and making his stomach roil and kick, sick and hot and –“You’re in Heat.” Howard’s voice is a hiss.“What!” Tony pushes himself up and fuck oh shit, he feels wet, slick between his legs and sticky, staining his jeans dark. His legs shake and he has to brace himself on the table. And then it’s like a kick inside his head and suddenly oh fuck he wants.Like someone's punched some kind of override switch in his head and all his can think how much he wants to be fucked, right now, wants be bent over and fucked and knotted and bred. Furious and more desperate than anything he's ever had before, on any drug, with anyone. His cock is hard and aching and pressing painfully against the zip of his jeans. Fuck fuck oh fuck-“You-“ Howard laughs and he’s standing there laughing at Tony in his ruined trousers, while he’s sick and aching and humiliated. Tony just wants the floor to open and swallow him
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Other(s)

freeform: 
Mpreg
Omegaverse
Incest
PTSD
Graphic abuse
Suicidal Thoughts
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Omega Tony Stark
Alcoholism
Drug Use
Abortion
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dehumanisation
Forced Pregnancy
Emotional Abuse
Physical Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Body Horror
Body Dysphoria
EVERY TRIGGER WARNING
Robots
Canonical Character Death
nervous breakdown
UNSAFE EVERYTHING
NOTHING IS GOOD AND EVERYTHING HURTS

fandom: 
Howard Stark/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Other(s)

