Chapter 1



Notes:
This chapter is for @fingersnapstothat, who requested that Wade introduce Peter to anal plugs (and oh boy, does he ever), and an anon who requested Tony trying to figure out how, exactly, Peter managed to tear his suit like that.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“What the hell happened?”Tony is clearly baffled, and Peter can't say he blames him. He’s hunched over a metal table in his workshop, closely inspecting the torn suit in his hands while Peter stands awkwardly off to the side, trying his best not to blush. He’s not sure he’s succeeding, but he desperately  does not  want to have to explain himself. Not only because sex, but specifically because sex with Wade, who is not exactly the Avengers’ favourite person. He's pretty sure they still consider him at least twenty-five percent super-villain on a good day.Tony spreads the suit over the table and pulls over a large, overhead magnifier, presumably to see how heavily damaged the fibers of the fabric of it are around the tears.“Um. It just happened in a fight, y’know? I was trying to get away from this guy and he grabbed me by the suit and it just-  rhhhhhhhgh .” Peter mimes a ripping motion with his hands, trying to look more casual than he feels. Judging by the look Tony sends his way, he’s not exactly selling it.“Who were you fighting?”
“Just some guy. Uh, why?”
“Well, ‘just some guy’ would have to be pretty strong to rip the suit clean apart, like this. Anyone we should be keeping an eye out for?”
“Oh. Nope! No, I got him. Beat him, beat him real good.” Oh, god- why? Why does he speak?
“You kept fighting?” Tony raises a brow.
“Um, yeah.”
“Naked?”Peter definitely does not manage to hold back a blush like that. His face and neck are flooding with heat as he stammers through a confused, half-denial.“Um- Yeah, I mean. No- well. I-I… just. Had to. Right? Couldn’t let him get away, so.” Peter is not certain he has ever wanted to die quite as much as he does in this moment, and that's saying something. To be fair, Tony is also staring at him like he’s regretting every decision that led him to his association with Peter, like he is lowering the collective IQ of Manhattan with every word he speaks. He might not be wrong, honestly, but at least they're both suffering.Tony shakes his head and turns back to the suit.
“Jesus, kid.” He sighs, and Peter makes the mistake of letting himself relax, just a bit. “You know what a miracle it is no one got that on video, these days?” Peter laughs.
“Yeah! Definitely, I guess I just lucked out. It was pretty dark, anyways.”
“Right. Dark. In New York." Yeah, Peter's an idiot. "So, tell me more about this guy. Was it just super strength? Did he have some kind of suit? Powers?”
“Um. I’m not sure… Just super strength, I think? I guess he might’ve had other powers, but he didn’t use them.”
“Probably not, then. You said this happened last night?”
“Yeah.”
“You left him for the police?”
“Uh...yeah.” Peter doesn't feel great about where this is going.
“Great, what’d he look like? I just want to have JARVIS take a quick look at his arrest record, see if S.H.I.E.L.D. knows about him.” Tony is obviously trying to call his bluff, and it's definitely working. Peter is running out of ways to make this believable, at this point it feels generous to tell himself he had any to begin with. Why did he think he could lie to Tony Stark, exactly?“He...was never arrested.”
“Oh? That's strange. Because he got away, or because he didn’t exist?” Peter is having very unfortunate flashbacks to being caught with icing on his face as a child, vehemently denying that he had any knowledge of where the last slice of birthday cake had gone. 
“He never existed.” He admits, shamefaced.
“Thought so.” Tony sighs again, finally turning to face him properly, arms crossed. “So what really happened?”Peter bites his lip, hands clenching and unclenching at his sides as he tried his hardest to resist bringing them up to cover his face. They say the best lie is a half truth, right? He can do this. He may literally die of embarrassment in the process, but he can do this.
“Well, someone did… rip it off. That was true. We just weren’t-uh, weren't fighting.” For a moment, Tony looks puzzled, before his eyes go wide and he turns away with a groan.
“Come on, please, tell me you did not  rip off your suit  so you could get laid five seconds faster.” Peter’s face is so dark he’s fairly certain that he may be on the verge of a stroke. He finally let his hands come up to hide his face shame.
“Wait.” Tony’s voice is suddenly grave. “Did someone hurt you? Is that-”
“No! No, no, no, no. I swear.” Peter rushes, hands out as if he’s going to be able to physically stop Tony’s thoughts from continuing down that path. “It wasn’t that. He was just- we were so… excited? And-”
“No,” Tony interrupts, thankfully slipping back from concern to embarrassment and vague amusement. “Please. If you have any respect for me as 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Vaguely Canon-Adjacent
Extremely Dubious Consent
Age Difference
Underage Sex
Possessive Behavior
Masochism
Sadism
Bondage
Breathplay
Cock Warming
Cock Worship
Exhibitionism
Face-Fucking
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Praise Kink
Public Sex
Rimming
Sex Toys
Somnophilia
painal
Face Slapping
Double Penetration
Fisting
Hand Feeding
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

