Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve is very aware that minds at SHIELD are cogitating urgently over the Captain America Problem, as he thinks of it.Clint is their first attempt. Okay, Clint is a nice guy. He’s a fine person and all. But suddenly when Clint wants to drink beer with him and go to baseball games, Steve realizes that somebody at SHIELD has analyzed him, has labeled the void in his life with the words “sarcastic” and “sniper” and come up with an answer named Clint.Clint, despite being a professional spy and therefore an actor, is not that good at pretending he cares about baseball. And it’s not a good feeling, because Steve actually likes Clint. But Clint is Clint, not anybody else. Apart from anything else, Clint and Natasha already have what Steve is missing.SHIELD’s next solution to the Captain America Problem is named Sam Wilson; best Steve can figure out, this time SHIELD looked for the most good-hearted guy they had, and that guy was Sam. In spite of SHIELD’s unsubtle attempts to make Sam Steve’s friend, Sam actually really becomes Steve’s friend.  Sam doesn’t care about baseball either (although he’s frank about that, unlike Clint), but he does show Steve a TV show called The West Wing and soon enough they’re watching Sam’s DVD box set together every week with pizza. It means a lot to Steve, more than he knows how to let on, although he hopes Sam knows.But the Captain America Problem isn’t solved. Steve dreams. Of the taste of his own tears, and the whiskey, and the damp in the bombed-out bar, and Peggy’s perfume, and the numbing newness of a hurt that has now become old, worn and old. It’s like in 2013 they don’t understand heartbroken. Everyone just wants him to talk, but talking doesn’t make it better.For a while, people also keep trying to set Steve up on dates with girls. Steve dodges, says no, he’s busy, he’s not interested, she’s not his type.  All of this is true.Then Natasha thinks she has Steve figured out, or else SHIELD thinks it has Steve figured out and sends her as an emissary. She sits Steve down and tells him that she wants to set him up on a date. She pauses. She says it’s with a nice guy from accounting.“What?” Steve says. “Maybe you’re not interested,” Natasha says. “But maybe you are. Don’t turn it down unless you’re not.”“Oh,” says Steve.“Think about it,” Natasha says.Steve thinks about it. He thinks about it a lot. He thinks about a guy from accounting, who could be tall, short, thin like old (young) Steve, big, barrel-chested, who could be old, young, bald, friendly, smart, could wear glasses . . .Steve thinks about himself and ultimately says yes.Luckily the guy is friendly (and young, bald, and glasses-wearing). The guy is nice. Steve likes him. His smile is sweet and his manner is open; Steve didn’t think anyone like him worked for SHIELD.Half an hour in, the guy (Jerome) says, “You’re not really into this, are you?”“I wasn’t sure,” Steve says. “I’m sorry; I know that’s not fair.”“Well, I had half a date with Captain America,” Jerome says. “And you had half a date with me. It’s not bad.”But Jerome does like baseball, so they end up becoming baseball-watching-friends. Which, as Jerome says, isn’t bad. Actually, it’s nice.So, finally, SHIELD lets it drop. Steve is allowed to keep feeling what he’s feeling, which is all he ever wanted anyway. And he has a good life, really.And then one day he comes back from a mission with Sam and all of SHIELD’s normally unflappable agents are all a-flutter. The entire place is buzzing, people rushing to and fro, and everyone looks like they just won a big bet.Steve looks for Natasha, the best source for an explanation, but she’s nowhere to be seen. His second choice is Clint, who’s on the archery range (of course) but explains: “It’s the Winter Soldier, man!”When Steve is still totally nonplussed, Clint tells him a story about a Russian organization called the Red Room—the same place that Natasha turned from—and their cadre of  highly-trained spies and assassins, all brainwashed to be utterly loyal and obedient. Winter Soldier is the best of them all, Clint says: so valuable that he was kept in cryogenic sleep and only revived for the most crucial missions. He’s been around, Clint says, since the 50s at least, but because of the freezing he hasn’t aged.But apparently, Clint says, the brainwashing stopped working a little, or something, because Natasha just turned the Winter Soldier to the side of good (heh). He’s still in SHIELD custody, being debriefed and psychoanalyzed to rid him of all the layers of psychological control, and to make sure this defection isn’t really a trap. But, as of yesterday, he’s officially a SHIELD asset.“That’s awful,” Steve says, almost involuntarily, when Clint is done with his story.“Which part?” says Clint.“Brainwashing,” Steve says, thinking of all the things he’s tried to forget seeing inside of Hydra labs.  “I didn’t know that was real in 2014.”“Well, it’s not an everyday thing,” Clint says, nocking
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Asexual Relationship

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

