Chapter 1: Iron Man
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It’s rather a popular question on a lot of TV shows. ‘How many gifts from fans does an Avenger get in a week?’
Or on Buzzfeed: ‘Here’s our favourite Avengers fan art! Number 187 might surprise you!’
The truth is, no one really knows. Not even the Avengers themselves, who regularly schedule a Fanmail Day, in which they open their letters together. Letters, some of them angry ones. Pieces of art, ranging from children’s scribbles to elaborate paintings. Customised action figures. Stuffed animals.
They’ve seen them all. Clint gets a lot of plush labradors. Sam gets plush birds. (He lines them up on his windowsill and likes to look at them sometimes. Clint likes to shoot the birds.) 
Bruce gets essays about papers he wrote (he reads and answers all of them). Rhodey gets War Machine merchandise sent to him automatically, plus every video people make of him. 
Natasha gets sent books written in Russian (She loved Garri Potter i filosofskii kamen, thank you so much!).
People send a lot of candy to Thor and Steve, which is usually distributed around the entire compound, though they do taste-test videos together sometimes. Those are always very popular on YouTube.
But all of them agree: Tony Stark gets the most drawings. Iron Man has become such a large part of the city itself, plus people know exactly where to send them. He collects them after shows, or on the spot. But his favourite gift wasn’t a drawing…
——
One day, Tony Stark was leading around a bunch of bright-eyed elementary schoolers around Stark Tower, to make kids enthusiastic about science. Tony rather liked it, even if some of the kids still dragged around their stuffed animals. It was an advance science class, and all of the children were cleverer than he thought they’d be. In the short while they had been there, some of them had already made him question some of his projects. Twice.
When the tour was done, Tony told the kids that they might see him on the news. ‘I have a mission starting tomorrow, kids. All the way over in Europe. They need my help with something, but it’s super secret.’
‘Super duper secret?’ One of the kids asked.
‘Yeah, sure. Super duper secret.’ Tony said.
The kids nodded. They didn’t ask what it was, cause they didn’t really care. After all, Iron Man would be doing it! What could go wrong?
While the class was shepherded into the school bus, one curly-haired boy stayed behind, frowning a little.
His teacher looked at him, and then decided to pull away a boy and a girl who had started to hit each other on the head with their lunch boxes instead of doing something about the child.
Tony turned his attention back to the six-year-old.
‘Mister Stark, this mission you’re going on. Is it dangerous?’ The boy asked in one of the most serious voices that he had ever heard out of a kid that young.
‘Could be.’ Tony said, shrugging.
‘Are… Are you ever scared?’
‘Me?’
The boy nodded. In his eyes, Tony recognised something, only he couldn’t place it.
He would usually lie, responding questions like this. It was important for kids to place their trust in Iron Man, he felt.
Today, he knelt down, and told the truth.
‘Yeah. Yeah, kid. I get scared. For the people who get hurt, and for myself too.’
‘Do you ever get nightmares, Mister Stark?’
‘Yeah, I do. Do you?’
The boy nodded.
‘What are yours about?’ Tony asked.
The boy mumbled something, but Tony could make it out anyway.
‘Mom and dad’
Of course he had seen that look before. He saw it in his own eyes when he looked into the mirror.
‘And do the people that take care of you help you?’ Tony asked. Please let this kid be ok, please.
‘Yeah!’ The boy said, smiling a gap-toothed grin.
‘That’s good, kid.’ Tony said, ruffling the kid’s hair. The kid looked up at him, bright-eyed.
The boy’s teacher came back to pick up the kid.
‘Mrs. Miller, wait! I have something I gotta give to Mister Stark!’ The boy said, as his teacher tried to take his hand. He took something out of his backpack and put it on Tony’s knee. Kid must have known that Tony didn’t like to be handed things.
It was a small plush kitten wearing an Iron Man suit. While the kitten was probably store-bought, the suit had been sewn on by hand.
The boy looked up at Tony.
‘Iron Meow helped me talk about my nightmares. He wants to help you, now.’ He said.
’Thanks, kid. I feel safer already.’ Tony said. He held out his hand, and the kid shook it, smiling widely at him. Tony smiled back.
 
His teacher took the boy by the hand and thanked Tony graciously for the opportunity. He waved it away, saying it was nothing. Then, she took the kid to the school bus.
‘Thanks again, Mister Stark!’ The boy called over his shoulder.
‘No, thank you, Mister…’ Tony started, and then remembered he had never gotten the boy’s name.
The bus drove away. Tony could only wave.
‘Heh. Iron Meow.’ He muttered to himself, inspecting the soft little cat. It fit entirely in the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & children
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (background)

freeform: 
Gifts
Presents
The Avengers get fanmail
Fluff
Orphans
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
I'm ignoring Age of Ultron cause I don't like it.
Disney World & Disneyland
Infinity War Spoilers!!!
Spoilers Infinity War!
Fix-It
Chapters with spoilers are shown in the title!
now with fanart
Fanart
Happy Ending
Complete
Family

fandom: 
Tony Stark & children
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark (background)

