Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
This isn't something Steve takes pleasure in doing. He never would have anticipated he would end up here.At Steve's side, Wanda flicks her fingers in a beckoning motion signaling it's okay to continue forward. Steve nods tightly as he steps in front of her and starts down the hall. They pass a few nurses doing their night rounds as they check in on patients. No one casts them more than a passing glance and a distracted smile.Steve stops abruptly outside the door they've been looking for. He glances sidelong at Wanda, a shaky part of him needing confirmation that they're in the right place. He isn't sure if he wants it to be right.Wanda cocks her head to the side, gaze going distant for a few moments. When she refocuses, she looks up at Steve and nods. Steve can't help but focus on the dark bruises beneath her eyes and the tension that pulls her features tight. She hasn't relaxed but for a few minutes here and there since the Raft.Steve turns the door handle and steps inside the dark room. Street lamps filter through closed blinds, the only light once Wanda steps inside and closes the door behind them. She stands at his side, waiting for his next move.The quiet beeps of monitoring equipment don't mask the way his breath catches. For a mortifying moment, Steve is sure he'll start coughing. A thread of doubt tries to wrap around his throat. The tips of his fingers tingle. Cold. The breath he sucks in feels like ice.His vision adjusting to the dark, he slowly moves towards the lone occupied bed. He hears Wanda trailing cautiously after him. Once he reaches his destination, Steve looks down at a pale face occasionally lit by the slow-pulsing light of the equipment at the bedside.His vision flickers as the sensation of frost fills his chest. Bucky's wry smile meets Steve's worried gaze. Bucky's eyes close as he tips his head back and the window of the cryogenic tube slowly ices over. Steve blinks quickly and instead of his best friend, he's left staring at Tony Stark's bruised face.Battered, his mind whispers. He flinches back from the accusation.Even in sleep — likely a drugged one, given the IV drip — Tony's expression is lined with tension. He looks so much older than Steve can remember seeing before. Wanda murmurs quietly, "You could have finished this."Steve glances at her sharply, a reprimand at the tip of his tongue. The young woman is staring down at Tony with an almost vacant gaze. Steve releases a long breath as the words he'd readied slip away. Instead, he shakes his head a little and replies quietly, "I don't want that. I never wanted that.""He tried to kill you," Wanda says, a spark of life entering her eyes; a faint red glow emanates from her exposed skin. She looks up at Steve with a firm set to her mouth. "It would have been self-defense."Her words unsettle him, and Steve has to look away quickly. Tony's face is worse to look at, so he lets his gaze wander to the monitor. It continues to feel like ice is crawling through his veins. He sees Bucky leaning back, frost crawling over the window to obscure his face. Steve hears the whine of Iron Man's jet boots and the hum of the repulsors firing. Clanging metal, sparks flying, the punched-out sound of bitten back pain. Bucky collapsing, arm missing.Steve swallows hard. His resolve firms as he brushes aside his doubts. He turns to face Wanda and looks down at her with what he hopes is a reassuring expression. He regrets asking this of her."Are you okay doing this?" he asks gently.Wanda's fingers curl into fists, red light growing brighter. Her mouth sets in a grim line as she nods.Steve inhales deeply and looks down at Tony. "Like we talked about," he tells Wanda with a firm nod. He watches her hands lift above Tony's head, red tendrils drifting through the air. He tries not to compare them to snakes as he quietly directs her.When they leave, they almost collide with the nurse going in to check on Tony. She doesn't seem to notice as she adjusts her trajectory to move around Steve. They leave the building without a single person saying a word to them. Steve focuses on navigating them out of the parking lot and onto the German roadway. He has no time to look back. They have to move forward.~
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Bucky Barnes-centric
Tony Stark Feels
Nicknames
Memory Related
Developing Relationship
Bad Decisions
Steve Rogers is not a good bro
Family Feels
Mind Manipulation
Fluff and Angst
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
POV Bucky Barnes
video game references
Team Bonding
Confessions
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
What happened to Tony?

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

