Work Text:
“Tony, Child Protection Services have been trying to get a hold of you all day,” are Pepper’s opening words as she lets herself into the lab, and Tony doesn’t even bother to look up from the armour for Cap that he’s doing some final alterations to (because the guy might be a superhuman, but the armour that SHEILD supplied him with was a joke), and he twists Steve’s arm around a little to get just the right angle. “I don’t have any illegitimate children out there, and if they’re claiming I do, then I demand a paternity test,” he answers immediately, twisting a bit of wiring to get it into place and then moving onto the next bit, ignoring the disapproving expression he can feel Steve sending him from above. “Tony, someone could tell me that you had an army of biological children out there, and I would not be surprised in the slightest,” Pepper says dryly, but goes on before Tony has a chance to say anything about that outrageous comment. “But they’re not calling to tell you you’re a father – they’re calling about an orphaned boy.” “Uh, okay,” he says, reaching blindly for his screwdriver and narrowing his eyes at a screw that’s not sitting right. That’s… unexpected. The CPS thing, he means, not the screw. Screws are notoriously finicky, the little shits. “Uh, sad that the kid’s an orphan, and all, but they’re calling me… why?” “Well, that’s just it,” Pep says, and the frown is audible in her voice. “His family was killed in a car crash, and when they asked him if there was anyone he could stay with… he gave them your name. He says you know him.” And that, that is enough to get Tony to look away from his work, because there’s probably a sum total of (and he’s being generous here) fifteen adults that Tony actually knows by name – actually bothers to take the time to remember, as opposed to just forgetting them the moment he’s no longer talking to them and simply relying on Pepper to give him the SparkNotes version of who they are if ever he has to speak to them again – and Tony interacts with a lot more adults than he does children. “Okaaay,” he says, and thinks that it’s probably some random kid he signed a poster for once who’s hoping to be adopted by Iron Man. “Not likely, but whatever. Who’s the kid?” Pepper glances back down at her notes. “Harley Keener,” she says. Tony falls off his chair. ... Thank goodness for supersoldier reflexes, is what Tony would think if his entire brain weren’t currently focussed on what Pepper just said. Or maybe, this is why we shouldn’t perch precariously on the edges of chairs while we’re working. “Woah,” Steve says sharply, somehow managing to lurch forward in time to catch Tony before he literally face-plants into the floor of his lab. Pepper makes a noise of surprise and starts forward in concern, but Tony barely even registers any of that as he stares up at Pep, stunned. “Please tell me you did not just say that Harley Keener’s been orphaned,” he says urgently, barely even registering Steve’s hold, hoping against hope that he’s misheard Pepper – that she said someone other than Harley, that – But Pepper’s looking at him with wide eyes and saying, “Yeah, that’s what it says – I – wait, so you do know him?” “Shit. Shit,” Tony says, getting his knees under him and scrambling to his feet, not even hearing Pepper’s question. “What – shit, what happened?” he demands urgently, reaching out and snatching the tablet from Pep’s hands, eyes running over the details swiftly – two-car collision; drunk driver; t-boned at an intersection; two casualties; drunk driver walked with minor injuries;  fuck, one child hospitalised– “JARVIS – suit!” Tony yells, dropping the tablet (Pepper catches it, because she’s had years of practice of just catching valuable things Tony’s abruptly lost interest in, but Tony’s not paying any attention and doesn’t even notice) and taking off in the direction of the garage exit, skittering around the tables and chairs and trusting J to get the Suit on him as he moves. “Might I suggest the quinjet, Sir,” JARVIS says calmly, then pointedly adds, “It has room for passengers.” Tony skids and changes direction mid-stride, running instead to the lab doors and bolting through before they’re even fully open, and Steve and Pepper are a confused-sounding babble behind him as they rush after him, but he’s barely aware of them until he gets into the elevator and slams the close doors button six times in a row, even though J is already closing them. Pepper and Steve slide in behind him as the doors are closing, both of them making worried faces and babbling worried words that Tony’s not listening to right now, because hospital. The report said hospital. One child hospitalised, what – He snatches the tablet out of Pepper’s hands again, ignoring her startled yelp and renewed rush of worried words. Broken arm, it says. Concussion, contusions to torso, possible fractured ribs, lacerations and abrasions to arms and face… 
 
“How long is prep gonna take for the jet?” To
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Harley Keener

freeform: 
Orphaned Child
discussion of car crash
(no in depth details and the crash itself happened before the story starts)
Child Protective Services
dad tony stark
this is a side to tony pepper did not know existed
she is very surprised to discover it
steve is also very surprised about all this
but he'll still back tony 100 percent
Adoption
tony adopts harley
well he does eventually
technically in this one he fosters harley
the adoption comes later
Irondad
Minor (and offscreen/pre story) character death

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Harley Keener

