Work Text:
“James has a secret.”, Natasha announced the second she entered the communal kitchen in the Tower. Tony and Clint, who had both been sitting at the table, each nursing a cup of coffee, looked up.
“The guy’s an ex – assassin, of course he’s got secrets.”, Tony replied, hoping that James wasn’t within earshot or otherwise this wasn’t going to end well.
See, James – the Winter Soldier – was about the most private person Tony had ever met. No one actually knew anything about him; not even S.H.I.E.L.D.
His name was James Barnes; presumably in his twenties (there was no actual birth certificate to prove that, though); he was stronger and faster than should be humanly possible; he spoke like ten different languages; he used to be the most feared assassin in the world before turning on HYDRA and chopping off most of the heads himself.
No one even knew where he came from and no one dared to ask because he was one of those people that knew about eight different way of killing you with a role of toilet paper.
One year ago, during the infamous battle of New York, he had just sort of shown up and saved the day and then stuck around and was now a member of the Avengers – Earth’s Mightiest Heroes™.
And apparently, he had a secret.
“Stark’s right. Why is this bothering you all of a sudden?”, Clint asked.
“It’s not, I just like to know things.”, Natasha shrugged, acting like it was nothing when clearly, it was something.
“You telling me that you, Natasha Romanoff, Russian Spy Extraordinaire, are unable to uncover someone’s secret?”, Tony teased her, “I’m shocked.”
The woman in question glared at him and Tony cursed himself for decreasing his lifespan once again; really being surrounded by ex – spies and ex – assassins wasn’t the best way to have a happily ever after.
“Like you’re not curious what Barnes gets up to when he leaves the Tower through his bedroom window.”
“He what?”
“I thought so.”
“How? When? Why?”
“I don’t know, Tony. That’s what I want to find out. Are you or are you not going to help me?”
And thus, ladies and gentlemen, ‘Operation WS’ was born.
 
James Barnes was a terrifying man, with his metal arm, and his certified death glare, and the weapon arsenal under his bed (Tony had had to find that one out in person), and he was also – as most assassins – a paranoid bastard.
Within the first week in the Tower, James had found a way to get past Tony’s genius security system and taken out every single camera and microphone on his floor and Tony hadn’t been able to activate them again ever since; he used the various entries and exits of the Tower in a spectacularly random pattern; he insisted on buying his own groceries, never using the same store twice. It was all fairly distressing.
It also meant that ‘Operation WS’ was far more complicated than originally thought.
The first time, Clint had tried to follow James after the latter had left at around 5 p.m. he had lost James in the crowd; as had happened the second and third time.
The fourth time, it had been Natasha to shadow James and they had all been certain that that would work…except it hadn’t. Natasha had ended up at a bingo with a group of 90 – year – old grandmas and James had been gone.
Tony had tried to hack the man’s laptop and cell phone but had come back empty handed and they had all begun to understand why the Winter Soldier had also been called ‘The Ghost’ during his time with HYDRA. He came and went without a trace and not even Natasha was able to keep up with him.
“Has anyone tried asking him?”, Clint wondered one evening over pizza.
“Clint, one does not simply ask the Winter Soldier things.”
“Ask me what?”
“Oh, hi James.”
James stood in the doorway of the kitchen next to Thor, his eyes narrowed and fixed on Tony who tried to calculate the possibilities of being murdered right there over his dinner.
“Ask me what?”, James repeated with a certain edge to his voice.
Tony threw a helpless glance at Clint who returned his gaze with a look that seemed to say ‘Well, it’s been nice knowing you’ before quickly turning back to his pizza.
“We were wondering if you had any secrets.”, Tony blurted out.
“Why?”
“Oh, you know…curiosity.”, he took it as a good sign that he wasn’t dead yet.
“Why?”
“Er – well – I mean…team bonding…”, what the fuck, Stark?
“No.” and with that, the Soldier left the kitchen, presumably to go to his floor or alternatively to go about his secrets.
“What secret is it that you are speaking of, Man of Iron?”, Thor asked confused.
“James has a secret.”, Tony echoed Natasha’s words of a few days ago.
“And is this a problem?”
“We don’t know, Thor. That’s why it’s a secret.”
“But why would the Soldier of Winter keep secrets from his friends?”, Thor asked, seeming genuinely confused.
“Good question.”
 
Two days later, Clint reported having overheard a phone call between James and someone called ‘Wilson’ before James had begun shooting at the ceiling and Clint had to make a strategic withdrawal from the air vent.
Now, all Avengers were in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Sort Of
Skinny!Steve
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Non-Serum Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Secret Relationship
Attempt at Humor
Protective Bucky Barnes
Confused Tony
Confused Clint Barton
fighting robots
Robot Invasion
One Shot
POV Tony Stark
The Avengers have no Sense of Privacy
but it's for a good cause
Bucky is Secretly a Huge Sap
Steve Doesn't Take Anyone's Shit
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

