Chapter 1: Natasha
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
She’s the first to figure it out. Granted, she gets the information out of Pepper to start with, but she gets it all the same. While she doesn’t doubt her, she decides to put it to the test. She watches Tony closer, especially when someone has their hands in his hair. Despite the fuss he puts up in public, he actually adores being pet; he even grew his hair back out. It’s easy for her to observe him.She watches the most when Thor is back from Asgard. Despite being a gentle giant, Thor occasionally struggles with his strength still. She picks up on Tony’s reaction when Thor tugs a little too hard. Natasha watches as Tony flushes slightly and bites his lip. The pupil dilation confirms it as pleasure, even as Tony tries to cover it with a belated ”ouch” that has Thor letting go with an apology. She observes the reaction a few more times before deciding to test it herself the next time they’re alone together.They’re watching a movie together in the penthouse when she decides to act. She runs her fingers through his curls, smiling at his soft hums of satisfaction, before tightening her grip a little. Tony freezes and flushes, eyes flicking up to hers. She raises an eyebrow, and he swallows, not even trying to cover up his reaction. She pulls a little; Tony’s breath hitches into a soft whine as his back arches slightly. She places her free hand against his tented sweatpants, giving him something to rut against as she pulls harder.“Tasha,” he whines, hips starting to steadily rock into her hand. She smirks slightly and presses down on his erection as she pulls him into a sitting position by his hair. The genius cries out as he follows the pull, back arched slightly and eyes blown. “P-Please…”“Please what kotyonok?” Tony whines slightly and bucks against her hand. “Come on, use your words.” He flushes deeper and looks off to the side.“Please, may I cum?” he whimpers. Natasha shivers. She didn’t realize he was that sensitive to getting his hair pulled. She’s already thinking of how to toy with him in the future. “Please?” She hums thoughtfully, pretending to think about it; Tony lets out a pathetic whine, turning his face into her neck to place kisses full of pleas on it. She runs her fingers through his hair as she reaches into his boxers.“Good boy.” She places a soft kiss on his temple and wraps her hand around his cock. Tony moans loudly and bucks; Natasha tightens her grip on his hair to control him, getting a yelp that trails off into a moan. She strokes him slowly and watches his face, lips quirking at his half-lidded eyes and parted lips. She kisses him softly as she speeds up her stroking. She devours every moan and whimper hungrily, stopping her hand to rub her palm over the head of his cock. Tony pulls back, panting roughly.“Pl-Please please please PLEASE!” She kisses his forehead and goes back to stroking him.“Go ahead kotyonok. Cum for me.” Tony near wails as he obeys, cumming in his boxers and covering her hand. She watches with something akin to awe at how beautifully he falls apart. As he melts against her, body limp and chest heaving, her attention falls to her own arousal. Natasha moves off the couch, letting Tony lay down fully. When she looks at him again, his eyes are dark and sparkling with anticipation.Natasha slides her shorts and panties down then kicks them to the side. Tony lays down properly, body flat on the couch. She straddles his head, teasing him with her wet sex barely above his lips; he knows better than to move without permission and whines softly. She sits, and he immediately dives in.It’s not long before she’s moaning, his tongue switching between circling her clit and fucking in and out of her. She captures his hair in a tight grip, making him groan. A hard suck on her clit has her biting back a near-scream and bucking into his mouth.“Good boy kotyonok,” she praises, grinding against his tongue and mewling softly. “I’m close.” Tony eagerly goes back to fucking her with his tongue and helps her grind faster. A full lick and a harsh suck has her cumming with a sharp inhale, back arched as she holds his face against her cunt. She pants and lets go of his head before carefully moving down to straddle his hips.His face is soaked and there’s a dazed look in his eyes, but he’s smiling sweetly. She kisses his forehead and stands once her strength returns, nudging him into standing as well. “Come on. I want to shower and cuddle.” Tony follows like the love-sick puppy he is.




Notes:

Thanks so much guys! Hopefully I'll do better as I go along! Kudos and comments welcome! Thanks so much for reading and I hope you enjoyed it!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Mentioned Past Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Kink Discovery
Hair Pulling
Dom/sub Undertones
Light Dom/sub
Hand Jobs
Face Sitting
Cunnilingus
Tag As I Go
Present Tense
Unbeta'd
Accidental Sexy Wrestling
Blow Jobs
Dry Humping
mild face fucking
Light Humiliation
no slurs though
Mild Pet Play
like very mild
Leg Humping
Clint also humps Tony's hip
idk there's a lot of humping
spanking as punishment
Spanking
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal creampie
Rough Sex
Safe Sane and Consensual
safe words
Implied After Care
giggling during sex
Fluff
Off-Screen Kink Negotiation

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Thor
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark/Thor
Mentioned Past Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

