Chapter 1: Back to the beginning
    




Chapter Text

From Plan A to Plan Z
“Take me back to the beginning.”The world is dying around him.Tony’s hand is clasped tightly around the time stone which is burning through the armour…And there is so much pain.Too much pain.He closes his eyes and screams……he opens his eyes to a wide blue sky,gasping for breath,hand clawing at –His shirt.
Shirt.
And normal body armour already pierced through with shrapnel.Blood against his fingertips.He gives a soundless hysterical laugh.He’s back at the beginning.
Plan A
Tony picked up the letter from Steve – no; Rogers. He should call him Rogers.He read it again.He knew the letter was well-meant, (Rogers was always well-meant), but it was not well-executed between the underlying message of ‘I still think I’m right about the Accords and you’re wrong,’ and the almost-maybe-probably-genuine regret of not telling Tony the truth about his parents’ death, (and Tony was cynical enough to believe that had more to do with Tony going after Barnes than the hurt caused to Tony by Steve’s betrayal). His fingers tightened and crumpled the paper. His gaze landed on the accompanying cell phone and he grimaced.Steve-Rogers was an idiot, Tony thought tiredly, or he was performing one hell of a trust fall in hoping Tony wouldn’t actually use the phone to track where Steve and his Bucky had disappeared to in the wake of Siberia (as though he didn’t already know since T’Challa had checked on him before flying away). Faith in individuals, his ass.“Boss, General Ross has been holding for five minutes.” FRIDAY informed him cheerily.Tony sighed and glanced at the flashing light on the office phone. He smoothed the letter out, folded it and crammed it back into the envelope. He glared at the ancient black cell phone.He hated the idea that there would be a time when he would need to call Rogers, but the fact was it was entirely possible. The threat he’d seen on the other side of the portal hadn’t gone away. Thor had gone exploring for what was going on with the – what had he called them? – the infinity gems? Sure, there’d been an occasional return of the Asgardian to Earth to update them on his lack of progress (and possibly that was because his visits were booty calls with Jane before they split, if Tony was any judge), but Thor was certain something was going on with the infinity stones.Yeah.It was all too entirely possible the world would need Rogers and the others who’d followed him (and who the super-soldier was presumably breaking out of the RAFT right that moment). And Tony was absolutely certain that in that nebulous future apocalypse when Tony called him, Rogers would be smiling his smugly smug smile with all his perfect teeth because he’d take it as justification that he was right and Tony was wrong.Only Tony didn’t believe he was all that wrong for believing the Avengers needed to be accountable (Rhodey had been on his side; Vision had been on his side), not when over a hundred countries demanded it. Tony fully believed they needed to answer for their decisions and actions so people could see that they were owning their mistakes and would resolve to do better – and it wasn’t just his own guilt prompting him to think that although he conceded it was part of it.    Of course, the Accords weren’t perfect and Rogers was right; they were open to abuse as unfortunately Ross had clearly demonstrated. If the General’s position as Secretary of State had been the reason he’d been the one to present the Accords to the US based Avengers, he’d somehow just stepped in as the de facto liaison between the UN, the Joint Counter-Terrorism Unit and the Avengers in the confusion following the bombing. That had been a mistake.Tony had thoroughly checked since returning from Siberia and there was nothing in the Accords which gave Ross specifically any power or jurisdiction over any superhero who had signed up to the Accords. Ross had just stepped into a power vacuum and people had let him. He’d made a power play for the Avengers just like the Senate had made a power play for the Iron Man suit under the guise of oversight. And maybe Tony should have checked on all of that prior to the meet-up at the airport, but if wishes were horses…Which didn’t mean that Rogers and his merry band of fugitives were off the hook. If Ross had proven Rogers’s point about agendas not their own, Rogers had proven Ross’s point about acting without legality and due care. Rogers and the others were criminally responsible for the damage they had wrought in the name of protecting Barnes and trying to stop Zemo. Their imprisonment in the RAFT though – that was Ross overstepping his position again (and Rogers was right that some locks shouldn’t be replaced).The upshot was that between Ross proving Rogers’s point that the Accords could be abused, and Steve proving Ross’s point that the Avengers could cause a lot of damage if left to run unchecked, Tony was caught in the middle. But maybe it was t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Jane Foster/Thor

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Time Travel
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Jane Foster/Thor

