Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve’s stomach grumbled as he hurried through the empty dimly lit hallways, one looking just like the other and god, there were so many of them.
He always thought it was ridiculous, but now he finally understood why people tended to tell their kids that they should wait awhile going into the water after they ate. Although he wasn’t really sure about that; What it really because it would upset their stomachs? Or because of something different? He would google that later on, he told himself.
If he ever made it out of his damn maze, that is, he added with an internal growl.
If he had known how this day would go, he hadn’t eaten all the chili con carne that Bucky had cooked for lunch. But how had he been supposed to?
After all, the day had started as usual; he has woken up in little space, and has spent most of the morning playing and cuddling with his Daddy. Then, it was lunchtime, and Daddy wanted to try out a new recipe. Right as they were cleaning up the kitchen, the call from Nat came; she and Sam urgently needed their support in an abandoned Hydra base not to far from where they lived, which had turned out to not be all that abandoned after all, and Clint would pick them up with a quinjet in about 20 minutes.
Nat had apologized thoroughly for having to ask them to do this, but as it was, she and Sam were in a rather difficult situation, and they were in dire need of support.
Of course not willing to let down their friends, Steve forced himself out of headspace with Bucky’s help, and they quickly put on their uniforms, just in time for Clint to arrive at the edge of the woods a few streets away from their apartment, stealth mode on so that their neighbours wouldn’t notice his arrival.
Reluctantly and only after a lot of convincing from Bucky’s side, Steve had agreed to keep his diaper on, just to be safe, since he couldn’t completely trust his mind to stay in adult headspace as the interruption had been really abrupt and he wasn’t used to going out of headspace by his own ‘will’.
Now he was glad that he had listened to his Da-… to Bucky’s words.
The base was huge, like really, really impressively huge, and when they had arrived, they had already lost contact with Sam and Nat. Even though Steve would have preferred not to, still feeling a bit insecure about his condition but unwilling to have Clint know about it, they ultimately decided to split up, as that would higher their chances to get to their friends as fast as possible.
Now, they were in the base for a little over an hour, and the call from Nat came in almost two hours ago.
The fullness Steve had felt in his stomach after eating had slowly started to travel further down, same as the milk and water he had drunk before and alongside their meal.
He had already peed himself a little, partly due to his bladders’ fullness, but also because he had to go around a dark corner, and there was a fat rat, and maybe his mind wasn’t fully back to normal headspace just yet… anyways, it scared him, he jumped a little, and a second later he felt the diaper’s material turning damp against his pee-… no, wrong word, his penis.
That had taken the edge of a bit, as the amount had been more than just a few dribbles, but the need to go had returned by now, and it was rather urgently.
If Steve had been in complete adult headspace, he wouldn’t be so bothered by it. He would be convinced he was able to hold it in, and even if not, he would simply pull down his pants and relieve himself in some darker corner, since he was alone here, and that would give him a bit more privacy. It wouldn’t be a big deal, he had been in the army, after all, and the ways and locations some of the soldiers (and himself, too) had to take care of their businesses had often been way more inconvenient and uncomfortable than emptying one’s bladder and bowels in an empty hallway of an unused enemy base.

But, unfortunately, Steve’s mind was still clinging to his littlespace, not used to being forced out of it, and therefor Steve couldn’t be so cool about it. He knew his body’s limits when he was little, and could only guess how this in-between-state would affect them now.
Actually, Steve wasn’t cool about anything; he felt like he was on the verge of panicking. He was alone, and it was cold as hell here. Each of his steps caused a creepy echo, and despite telling himself that he was indeed alone and checking on it often enough with a look over his shoulder, Steve couldn’t quite get his legs to slow down as he moved along the way. His diaper was wet, and he had to go potty again, so bad that his tummy and butt have already started to hurt a bit with the urgency of it. There were rats behind every corner, and Steve couldn’t be sure that he wasn’t about to meet some good old Hydra agent any minute. Everything about this place was terrible.
He wanted to be with Bucky. He didn’t know where he was, didn’t even exactly know where he was himself as his brain was too distracted with ot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Age Play
Infantilism
Headspace
Diapers
Wetting
pee desperation
messing
Scat
kind of
not too graphic i guess
and he doesn't touch it or anything
Accidents
poop desperation
steve struggles with his headspace
mentions of HYDRA
Prompt Fill
this is my first time writing something like this
Embarrassment
Humiliation
Hurt No Comfort
Daddy Kink
little!steve
daddy!Bucky
Wet & Messy
Established Relationship
diaper change
rash
Crying
Actual Angel Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

