Work Text:
The headache that had been tormenting Tony – and that had been the reason for him to finally give in and go to bed in the first place – only grew into a full-on migraine as soon as a loud warning horn started blaring into his earpiece. He knew that sleeping with an earpiece on wasn’t exactly a wise decision, but the thought that something bad could happen while he slept, completely oblivious, was more unnerving than the possibility of having his eardrums blown by the warning noises in his ear. Startled by the sudden warning and aware of what it meant, Tony couldn’t help but to jolt to his feet, immediately regretting it when the unexpected movement only made his temples throb harder. He squeezed his eyes shut in an attempt to dim the pain, irritation and anger beginning to appear at the back of his mind. Not even when he willingly tried to slept, the universe allowed him to have a rest. He pushed those feelings of frustration even further back into his mind and tried to focus on the voice of his A.I., who was speaking to him, even though Tony couldn’t make out a single word thanks to the throbbing in his brain and the frantic thrumming of his heart.“What have you got for me, Friday?”, Tony asked, sniffing and walking slowly over to his personal bar to fetch himself a glass full of ice. He had to ignore the urge to pour himself some scotch, which was so close and yet so far from him. Instead, he placed the cool glass against one of his temples and rubbed at the other with the tip of his fingers, trying to soothe the skull-splitting headache. For one of those rare moments in which Tony favored his rationality instead of his passion for working himself into oblivion, he wished he was still sleeping – that way, he wouldn’t be feeling like his brain had turned into mashed potato. However, he knew that Friday wouldn’t have woken him up from the nap – a nap which she, herself, had nearly forced him to take after he spent two days straight working himself non-stop – unless there was an urgent matter at hands. And since Tony was probably one of the only official members of the Avengers that weren’t literal enemies of the state – not that he particularly enjoyed thinking about that subject –, he would probably have to take whatever this matter was into his own hands. Any thoughts of Avengers, ice or scotch disappeared from his mind in the blink of an eye, however, as soon as Tony heard Friday’s response.“It’s Mr. Parker, boss”, Friday said, and that was enough for Tony’s eyes to reopen immediately. His headache, which had been so awfully unbearable so far, dissipated as well as his previous thoughts under the adrenaline overtaking his bloodstream. Before he could ask what on earth Peter had gotten himself into this time, after the disaster with the Vulture, Friday continued: “He seems to be having some trouble back at Queens”.Knowing very well that Friday wouldn’t have personally reported to him about Peter unasked unless the boy was in some serious danger, and also knowing that “some trouble” meant that his A.I. was trying not to alarm him too much about Peter’s state, Tony placed the glass at the bar’s counter and immediately headed for his workshop. The fact that Friday was trying to be gentle to him only told him that Peter must be in some serious, serious danger, and he would be damned if he lost another f-… another superhero.“Get Mark 47 ready”, Tony instructed as he got inside the elevator, pressing the button and waiting impatiently through the slow descent to his workshop. “Queens, you said?”, he asked, trying his best not to bite at his fingernails in anticipation, because he wasn’t a teenager anymore. He was an adult, he was Iron Man, he could handle this. He tried his best to push aside the memories of Peter lying on a hospital bed, Peter unconscious, Peter struck with shrapnel. The kid was going to be ok. He was going to be fine. Tony was going to save his ass – again. There was no reason to worry.“Yes, boss”, Friday promptly replied.“What has the kid gotten himself into this time?”, Tony asked as the elevator door opened, wasting no time rushing into his workshop, where Mark 47 was already ready and waiting for him. Entering the suit only took a few seconds – this routine had become second nature to him –, but Friday wasted no time answering his question. This time, she knew, there was no point in sugarcoating Tony, since he would need to know Peter’s situation in its integrity in order to properly assess it and find a way to help the boy.“During a fight with a local lawbreaker, Peter has found –“, Friday began, but Tony cut her short with a click of his tongue and a hum of disapproval.“No, no, no. Remove ‘lawbreaker’ from your vocabulary, permanently”, Tony instructed.“Word removed”, Friday responded after a few seconds of processing the command.“Do continue”, Tony said, already flying his way over to Queens. According to the route on his faceplate’s screen, it would take him around three min
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Guilty Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Panic Attacks
PTSD Tony Stark
PTSD Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hospitalization
Injury
Major Character Injury
Blood
Impalement
collapsing buildings
Collapsing a Building on the top of Peter Parker
Fluffy Ending
Texting
Caring Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Injured Peter Parker
Dad! Tony Stark
not ship
please they're like father and son and there's nothing romantic about their relationship whatsoever

fandom: 
None
