Work Text:
Toni isn’t sure, exactly, how everything turned out so wrong.No.Wait.That’s a  goddamn lie.“This is your fault,” Toni hisses at Rhodey as they duck around the corner and out of the line of fire, both of them white-knuckling their guns.“Don’t blame me,” Rhodey bites back vicious and just the tiniest bit afraid.  “Those are your monsters. You created them. You’re responsible.”“I didn’t create all of them!”  Toni refuses to take all of the blame for this … this  mayhem.  “Some of those came pre-programmed and you know it.  You’re the one who thought unleashing them all on the Tower at the same time would be a good idea.”“I thought it would be,” Rhodey says.  “Some socialization, some time with their own kind.  It seemed like a good idea at the time.”“Famous last words,” Toni taunts.“How the hell was I supposed to know it would turn out like this?”  Rhodey argues.“When the Tower comes crashing down on all of us I’m gonna enjoy saying  ‘I told you so',” Toni swears.  “Matter of fact I’m gonna fucking skywrite it.  Take out a front page add in the Times,  ‘Toni Stark Announces ‘I Told You So’ To Woefully Wrong James Rhodes’.  I think that’ll make an  excellent headline.”“I think you two are taking this a little far,” Steve’s voice interrupts their back and forth.  “Excuse me?”  Toni freezes and turns just enough to look up and behind her and sure enough, there’s Steve.  He’s got a sketchbook under one arm and a tall glass of what looks like orange juice in the other.  He looks easy, relaxed, ready for a day of sketching and calm.Toni both envies and pities him because he has no idea as to what has really happened.  Has no idea what kind of horrors have been unleashed upon the Tower.This might just be the most dangerous enemy they’ve ever faced.“There’s just the two of them,” Steve shrugs as he moves towards the couch.  “They can’t be that hard to handle.”“Poor man,” Toni says mournfully as she shares a long, meaningful look with Rhodey.  “Poor uninformed man.”“Toni,” Steve sighs, “it can’t be that serious.”His naivety knows no bounds apparently.“It’s not just the two of them anymore,” Rhodey is the one who answers him, attention locked on the doorway with a grimness that Toni more than understands.What’s happened is beyond anything either of them could have truly anticipated.“How?”  Steve’s brows are furrowed when Toni sneaks a glance back over her shoulder towards him.  “Did you get another one and not tell anybody again?”“Not this time, thank Thor,” Rhodey reassures him.  “Plus, JARVIS is in charge of telling everyone when Toni expands her collection from now on.”“That’s good,” Steve actually sounds relieved.  “He’s a good influence.” ‘Poor misguided soul’, Toni can’t help but think.  None of them know the truth.“JARVIS is a  traitor,” Toni informs them soulfully.  “He’s abandoned me. All of us really.”“I have simply declared myself a neutral space in this … altercation,” JARVIS announces primly to the room at large.  “If I aided you in this, Miss, I fear you would not learn from your mistakes.”“My  mistakes?”  Toni asks incredulously.  “This isn’t my fault. I didn’t tell the little monsters to malfunction and go homicidal on each other or whatever the hell it is they’re doing.  Hell,  Rhodey’s the one who wanted them to meet.”“And yet you agreed,” JARVIS points out.  “Perhaps some forethought would have served you well.”“Forethought?”  Toni carefully doesn’t screech.  “I’m going to show you some fore-”“The point is,” Rhodey overrides their bickering with the ease that comes with long familiarity, “they’ve called in reinforcements, Steve.”“What kind of reinforcements are we talking about exactly?”  Steve sets his glass down on the table with a clink, voice finally beginning to take on an appropriately cautious tone.“They’ve indoctrinated the others,” Toni tells him seriously.  “Clint and Natasha fell first and with no warning. One minute everything was fine, me and Rhodey were holding our own, and then the next ...“Chaos,” Rhodey finishes her sentence grimly.“They got to Nat?”  Steve asks surprised and when Toni looks back at him again he’s left the sketchbook abandoned on the couch and is making his way over to them.  “Clint’s not that surprising really but Nat? That’s … unexpected.”“It gets worst too,” Toni presses forward, “they’ve split into two warring factions now and the last we checked Bucket O’ Bolts and Sam both had been compromised.  They’re on opposing sides now and it has gotten fucking  brutal.”“Pretty sure one of them got to Thor too.”  Rhodey adds grimly.“Shit.”  Toni sighs.  Thunderstruck is high on her list of people she’d rather not tangle with.“Only one’s left are us,” Rhodey points between himself and Toni, “you, and Banner.  Especially since JARVIS has declared himself Switzerland. He’s not even letting Toni use the security cameras to scout the terrain.”“Bruce and Hulk will totally side with us once I get to their level,” Toni tells Rhodey firmly.  “So that’ll bring our numbers 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Peter Parker vs Harley Keener

freeform: 
Humor
Angst
Fluff
Team as Family
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Always Female Tony Stark
Always Female Peter Parker
Female Peter Parker
Female Tony Stark
Science Mom Tony Stark
Tony's Science Kids Meet
It Is A Mistake
more like
Round One
Harley Keener Meets Penny Parker
Harley Keener vs. Penny Parker
FIGHT!

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Harley Keener
Peter Parker vs Harley Keener

