Chapter 1





Chapter Text

‘This is how my father explained it to me . . .’

Thor pressed pen to paper. He moved his hand rapidly across the page, jotting down the basic image of Yggdrasil on the white sheath under hand, and – as he drew – Jane leaned ever closer beneath the shadows from the firelight. The light caught her face just right, so that shadows danced over pale skin and added depth to her cheekbones, while her brown hair turned almost black under the night’s sky, and he smiled to see her beauty. 

The blanket around her shoulders hid her figure from sight, but it couldn’t hide the passion behind those eyes that consumed every line of ink with a hungry fervour. He relished the warmth of her body pressed against him. Thor sketched the names of the realms beside each representation, although her eyes glossed over the runes with little understanding, but still a spark ran through every nerve in his body when long fingers traced over the runes. Jane angled her head toward him; he felt her breath on his cheek, as Jane whispered: 

‘This is how your father explained magic?’  

‘Aye,’ said Thor. ‘You see your world is one of nine realms, linked to each other by the branches of Yggdrasil, the World Tree. Now, you see it every day, without even realising what it is you see, all glimpsed through – ah, what did you call it?’

Thor flicked through her notebook. The writing reminded him too much of the healers or advisers, who would often jot down ideas after ideas until their pages were filled with almost incoherent scribbles, and any criticism was taken as an affront, as they often complained their hands could not compete with the speed of their minds. The way she used this alphabet reminded him too much of Loki’s hand when he strove to use the letters of other races, enough that he closed the book with a soft chuckle and lightly nudged her with his shoulder.

‘You glimpse it through your “Hubble Telescope”,’ he teased.

‘You know that’s the height of technology, right?’

‘Maybe here.’ Thor smiled. ‘I have come to admire your people. It is as you say, this “magic” is simply science yet to be uncovered, and – through its simplicity – you have managed to uncover a substantial amount of knowledge. Every piece of technology fulfils a purpose, and your passion . . . I admire that. I almost desire it.’

Jane let her blanket fall slightly from her shoulder. The fashion was so unlike the Asgardian women, but far more practical and slightly more masculine, and he could easily envision her living a life equal to that of any man. Jane achieved more than any other he knew. The research was beyond any of her people, while her initiative and enthusiasm separated her from the masses, and – as he glanced over that long column of neck – he glanced away with a blush to think of what else might make her unique. He licked at his lips, as she asked:

‘What else do you desire?’

Thor slid the paper and notebook onto the ground. The fire crackled and roared, as Jane dropped the blanket to the grit and dirt beneath them, and – with a seductive smirk – threw her leg over him and sat astride his lap. He rested his hands on her hips. The skin was impossibly soft as her shirt slid upward, while her long locks fell forward to partially obscure her face, as he caught scent of a rich perfume. Thor murmured in contentment:

‘Perhaps I could show you.’
* * *“Hello, Mother,” said Loki.Thor winced from across the hall. The chains were imbued with the same runes as Mjölnir, suppressing vast amounts of magic and power, while the sheer weight left red marks on slender wrists and darkened the otherwise pale skin. The guards around him took their leave, as they took positions around the perimeter of the hall . . . the illusion of privacy. There was no mistaking that this was a mere prisoner in the presence of royalty.Loki wore his hair slicked back, but the natural curls were more prominent. Thor looked him over with a cold eye, as he noted the increase in leathers and the decrease in gold, and there was no denying how armour was added to his outfit, especially to the shoulders. The sheer bulk of his clothing aged him. The lines on his face were deeper than before, especially around his eyes, and there were visible black marks under his eyes that denoted a lack of sleep, enough that Thor held his breath and bit into his lip. Loki turned to them and asked:“Have I made you proud?”Frigga stepped away from Thor. He watched as she strode across the tiled floor, while her long blue skirts fluttered out from behind her and the sound of padded footsteps echoed about the hall, and – with a gentle touch – she reached out to Loki’s clenched fists. The touch was gentle, but Loki recoiled as if burned by electric. Frigga blinked away tears. Loki let his shoulders fall and his head drop forward, while Frigga held onto his hands and smiled a smile that only she could ever manage, while she reached out to push back a lock of hair.“Please, Loki,” begged Frigga. “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Suicidal Thoughts
Self-Harm
Cancer
Minor Character Death
Sibling Incest
Mpreg
Established Relationship
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mutual Non-Con
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

