Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“Hey there, darlin’,” Bucky murmured against Tony’s temple as he wrapped his arms around the man and settled onto the bed. Tony tried to turn around so they could face each other, but Bucky just tightened his grip on that slim waist. Tony huffed a laugh, but stopped and relaxed against him.

“Finally decided to join me, huh? You were taking forever in that shower, thought I’d have to fall asleep all by myself over here. Either that, or stage a rescue,” Tony teased, to which Bucky responded with an affronted scoff.

“I’d never let ya go to sleep on your own, doll. You know I love it when you’re all tired and groggy and sleep-warm.” He pressed a kiss to the man’s exposed shoulder. “Love holding you when you’re relaxed like that.”
“Mm-hmm, sure,” Tony hummed, “you mean you like it when I’m all relaxed and blissed out after all the other fun things that we get to do in this bed.” To prove his point, Tony deliberately wiggled back against Bucky, his ass pressed so perfectly against Bucky’s groin that he had to muffle a groan against Tony’s back.“Stop that, sugar,” he reprimanded, “you know we both have to be up early tomorrow. I’ve got, ah—” Bucky’s breath caught as Tony moved again, “I’ve got the newbies to train and you have to present that speech in front of the UN. And you know we won’t get any sleep if you keep this up.”
The wiggling stopped and while Bucky couldn’t see it, he would bet money that Tony was pouting. To distract the man and simply because he wanted to, Bucky sneaked his flesh hand just underneath Tony’s tank top so it could rest over the softer belly. Tony squirmed again, just a touch ticklish, but his mirth settled into a happy sigh and Tony’s hand found its own way to rest over Bucky’s.

“You always gotta have your hands on me, don’t you?” Tony murmured and already his voice was laced with the first hints of sleepiness and a relaxed sort of contentment, the same sentiment that filled Bucky the brim in that moment. 
Even the Soldier was at peace in the back of his mind, but Bucky was hardly surprised. While the Soldier may have been a manifestation of Bucky’s anger and need for vengeance, there was no room for any of that here, not when they were about to fall asleep in the bed they shared with the man they loved more than anything in the world, their clever Tony Stark, their solnishko.
The Soldier nearly purred his happiness at the thought and Bucky couldn’t disagree. They were exactly where they belonged. 

They were home.

Tony tried to move out of his embrace again and this time Bucky let him go, but only because he knew what would follow. His boyfriend flipped over so he could face Bucky and then those sure hands buried themselves in Bucky’s hair and guided him close. 

Tony’s mouth on his, tasting of mint, with the scratch of that stubble a perfect contrast to those soft lips. Tony’s hand, skirting down to rest against Bucky’s jaw, to keep him exactly where Tony wanted him as the man kissed him, thoroughly and deeply. Tony’s body, pressed against him, warm and solid, a thigh wedged between his own, the uneven rise and fall of his chest as they both became breathless. Tony himself, pulling away just so he could smile that sly little smile and tease Bucky about the quiet, needy moan he may have let out when their lips parted.

Bucky didn’t mind. Kissing Tony, touching him, being with him… It was the most familiar thing and yet, every time, it felt a little like the first time. 
And when Tony smiled again, this time with genuine, open affection, when he looked at Bucky with love in his eyes, Bucky’s chest ached and the warmth inside it expanded to take his breath away. 
Another kiss, just a gentle press of Tony’s lips, and then the man was settling back and pulling at one of the blankets until it had covered them both. 

With them pressed together like this, comfortable and warm, it didn’t take more than a few minutes for Tony to fall asleep. Bucky closed his eyes too, allowing himself to fall into restful sleep as well.

After all, he was right where he was meant to be. 
***The fact that his eyelids were as heavy as lead was the first thing Bucky noticed when consciousness began to filter back, slow as molasses. His eyes wouldn’t open and the darkness surrounding him clung to him, pressed down on him until it was inside him and he couldn’t pull in a breath.The second realization was the fact that there was no warm, smaller body pressed against him, no steady hand settled against his hip, no steady rhythm of breath that woke him each morning.Bucky was alone and it was so damn cold.He wanted to say something, call out for Tony or ask Friday to adjust the temperature, but just like his eyelids, his lips wouldn’t— couldn’t— move. Everything was stained with the darkness pressing against him.His third moment of consciousness was punctuated by a jolt of fear— panic— as tension ran throughout his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Suicidal Thoughts
Depression
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
Heartbreak
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms
Memories
Memory Loss
Flashbacks
bucky barnes pov
Tony Stark POV
loss of a loved one
but not to death
things get worse before they get better
Winter Soldier as a Separate Personality
split personality
Swearing
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Mature Sexual Content

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

