Chapter 1: Day 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony steps out of his plane in Milan and is immediately hit by the smell. A smell that is distinctively, unapologetically, not America. It takes the shade of a greenish yellow in his mind. A dull light gray.
He doesn’t want anyone to know he’s here, so he had the Stark Industries logo on the plane painted over. He let his stubble blur the edges of his goatee, his hair grow longer. He’s wearing a gray t-shirt, blue linen pants, canvas shoes. He has a duffle bag slumped over his shoulder.
He squints in the sun, the light too bright even through his sunglasses.
The harsh smell of the airport leaves a foul taste in his mouth. It makes him want to spit.
He walks to the car. Pepper arranged it for him, as a personal favor he shouldn’t have asked for in the first place.
He smiles at the young woman greeting him. Chiara is her name. She tells him that the car keys are in the glove compartment of the car, as per his instructions. She gives him a card with a number to call in case of trouble and Tony can think of seven scenarios in which that could be useful.
She is professional, polite. Her cat has left scratches over the back of her right hand. Her red lipstick is perfect even in this sweltering heat, even in this concrete desert. She is at least five inches taller than Tony and she’s wearing flats.
He tosses his bag onto the backseat, closes the door with more force than is necessary. He thanks the woman, says goodbye. He looks at her walk away without really seeing her. He gets in the car and closes the door.
Tony puts his hands on the steering wheel. A normal people car. More or less. Not what he’s used to, anyway. But it’s okay; he doesn’t need fancy right now. The X1 is more than adequate. It’s anonymous and normal and tons of people have it, so he doesn’t stand out.
It smells new.
In the few minutes he’s been outside, sweat has gathered between the thin metal bracelets and the skin of his wrists.
He checks his phone, texts Pepper to let her know he’s arrived. He texts Rhodey, i’ll send you your precious prosciutto di cinta asap. He adjusts the seat and puts the safety-belt on. He drives off.
Well, he wants to.
But he can’t.
Because.
Steve Rogers is in front of his car.
Steve fucking Rogers. Is in front of Tony’s fucking car.
I’m gonna run him over, is the first thing Tony thinks.
I won’t let him hurt me again, is the second.
There’s a third one, but Tony catches himself before all the words can form in his mind. What he can’t stop, though, is feeling the way he feels, and the bout of self-hate that follows immediately after.
He feels like he can’t breathe and no, it’s not the heat.
He looks at his wrists. A thought. A single thought is enough.
Tony’s phone buzzes. If you forget the pecorino I’ll never speak to you again.
Yeah, sure.

love you too.

Okay, no need to panic. Tony releases the clutch, puts the shifting gear in neutral, presses on the brake with his foot. He looks at Steve.
He looks tired, like he hasn’t slept well in a while.
Good, Tony thinks, but feels bad about it.
He has a beard. His hair is longer, like when he first got out of the ice, but now it’s combed towards the back. He’s wearing a black t-shirt and a black hoodie, black jeans, black boots. He has a black duffle bag to match Tony’s.
Always so fucking dramatic.
Steve is staring at the hood of the car. A frown forms on his forehead.
Before Tony realizes someone is even approaching the car, T'Challa is sitting in the passenger seat.
The scent of orchids. Dark purple. The taste of oranges.
“I brought him back to you,” T'Challa says, with a calm voice that Tony would probably never get tired of listening to. It exudes nobility, as cliché as that sounds.
“You know he can hear us,” Tony says, meaning Steve.
“No, he can’t,” T’Challa replies, and shows Tony a bracelet on his wrist, which is all the explanation Tony is going to get.
“I didn’t ask you to bring him back. I don’t want him.”
If he repeats it enough times Tony’s confident it will eventually become true.
“You must know the political situation has changed. You must know they’re allowed to go back to the United States,” T'Challa says, uselessly, because Tony knows. Of course he knows.
“You did this?”
“Wakanda was involved, but not me personally,” he says simply, like it’s obvious.
Does he consider this beneath him, Tony wonders, and he finds himself thinking that yes, T'Challa probably does. It makes Tony smile. Tony considered it beneath himself too, so he spent the last few months holed up in his workshop, letting the world go on on its own.
Well, there were a few other reasons. Minor ones.
“Why is he here? Why’d you bring him here?”
“We knew you were coming here—no one else knows, don’t worry—and he asked to see you. He asked if I could arrange this.”
Steve asked.
“I don’t know what to do with him. I’m here for a very personal matter, I... I don’t want him here. I don’t want
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Depression
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Smoking
Medical Inaccuracies
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Physical Abuse
Child Abuse
NO sexual abuse of any kind
Jealousy
Panic Attacks
Guilt
Grief/Mourning
Implied/Referenced Torture
Italian Tony Stark
Italian Maria Stark
Original Female Grandma
Tourism
Synesthesia
Tony has synesthesia for absolutely no reason AT ALL
a disgusting amount of symbolism
Sharing a Bed
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
POV Alternating
Pining Steve Rogers
Pining Tony Stark
Fix-It
Civil War Fix-It
Steve Feels
Tony Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Steve Rogers
Crying
Mutual Pining
Bearded Steve Rogers
Domestic
Height Differences
Slow Burn
Explicit Sexual Content
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Switching
Blow Jobs
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rimming
First Time
Virgin Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

