Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Reality… glitched.
I had to pause mid-step in consternation as the walls, floors, hell even the air flickered like a TV with bad reception for about half a second. I peered around cautiously, pretty sure this had to be the start of a bad fanfiction novel or the onset of some sort of adventure that I resolutely wanted no part of. Reality didn’t tend to just glitch for no reason, after all.
But nothing happened. I wasn’t spontaneously teleported to another place. Monsters didn’t start pouring out of holes in the fabric of time. No otherworldly voice spoke words of wisdom or warning in my ear.
I was still standing in the bathroom at Walmart, hovering with one foot in the air and probably looking like a special kind of idiot to the two other women currently at the sinks. Generously, neither of them said anything about my sudden stillness or odd position. Of course, neither of them were saying anything so blatantly that they really couldn’t have been more judgmental if they’d turned to me and spat.
I put my foot down, now feeling foolish and more than a little alarmed. Had I… had I hallucinated that whole debacle? Did I just imagine the world shifting three degrees sideways and tilting diagonally backwards? No one else was reacting to what had happened, so I had to conclude with a sort of grim resignation that I was obviously losing my mind.
Or I was delirious with hunger. I hadn’t had a chance to drink my protein shake that morning, so maybe I just had low blood sugar or something.
Resolved to pretend nothing had happened, I took a step towards the door.
Abruptly, I was somewhere else entirely.
“Son of a butternut squash,” I bit out, peeved and more than a little spooked. It was still a Walmart bathroom, that much I could tell. The layout, though, was all wrong. Horizonal instead of vertical. There were two more stalls than there had been a second ago, and the sinks were sinks and not automatic sensor nightmares.
The two women at the sinks turned to stare at me, probably impressed by my amazing grasp of the English language and my creative interpretation of profanity. They, at least, were the same.
Neither of them reacted to suddenly being moved four feet to the left, or that the whole room was abruptly, suddenly different.
I hurried out the door without confronting them. Things were obviously very, very wrong. I stopped outside the bathroom door, a sense of vertigo washing over me. I wasn’t in the back of the store anymore, either. Now I was up front, overlooking the template-like format of the line of registers.
I could recognize some of the cashiers. Others were complete strangers who most definitely had not been there two minutes ago. I quickly looked down at myself. I still had my vest on. My nametag still had my name. I still had the tiny American flag pin on my right side.
Hysterically, my mind started running in circles like a hamster on a wheel.
Was I still on the clock? Was my shift the same? Should I go back to register three? No, wait, there was someone already over there. Who was that?
One of my managers was at the podium (which was in the wrong place), and I knew what I had to do. I was questioning reality. I wasn’t sure what store this was, or if I was in the same city. I was in no condition to be working. Taking the point for leaving early was worth it.
She seemed sympathetic enough to my stammered statement that I was sick and had to leave. Of course, it’s not like she was invested enough in my life to question if I was being truthful or not. It wasn’t any skin off her back if one of her cashiers wanted to bug out for the day.
I wasted no time clocking out at the closest terminal (which was thankfully still in mostly the same place) and hurrying to the back where my stuff was. Used to be. Was hopefully still there.
Navigating the backroom was a nightmare and a half since nothing was the same, but the combination on my locker was so that, at least, hadn’t gone wrong. Someone I didn’t recognize passed by and greeted me by name. A generic, strangled-sounding ‘hey’ was enough to placate them as they walked down the hall.
Was I forgetting entire people now, in addition to losing my mind?
The parking lot presented an entirely new and exciting problem.

Where was my car? Did I still drive a Volvo? Would my keys work?

I dug through my purse. The key fob looked the same, at least. Nothing new had been added since the world had twisted itself like a pretzel, and I didn’t think anything was missing. If I was at least moderately still sane, I would be parked in the back near the—
—gas station that wasn’t there anymore. I stood near the entrance and stared out at the wide, empty expanse where the interstate should be. Where several small restaurants should be. Where the city of Alabaster should be.
I scrabbled for my phone. And stared. It wasn’t an iPhone anymore. It was a sleek, black thing, all angles and smooth curves roughly the size and shape it should have been (which might
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Self-Insert
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Self-Indulgent
Bucky Barnes Recovering
kind of
Alpha Bucky Barnes
denial is not just a river in egypt
Fluff
ALL THE FLUFF
pretty much entirely fluff
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Protective Bucky Barnes
Possessive Bucky Barnes
But Low-Key About It
Heats and Ruts as Inconveniences
POV Original Character
Occasional POV Bucky Barnes
Not Canon Compliant
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

