Chapter 1: In my mind; I thought the birds would sing and sparks would fly; But it’s just quiet
    




Chapter Text
24 hours earlier Peter was celebrating his sixteenth birthday. It wasn’t a big party, barely a dinner at their apartment, but all the important people were there. May, his two best friends and Tony together with Pepper. That was all he needed to have a great time.
And now his life was about to change forever.
Peter stood in front of a long wall at the back of Grand Central Terminal at Midtown Manhattan. He saw this place too many times to count, but never paid attention to what it actually was. The wall was full of lockers that looked just like the ones in his school. Well, they were probably much more secure.
He felt relieved when the address he found on the back of the letter led him to this place and not some house or apartment. It was easier to open a locker than to stand face to face with a stranger, not knowing what to say.
Easier was still far away from easy. He stood there, frozen to the spot, for over ten minutes. Staring at the number that concealed his true identity. The password was fixed in his mind from reading it over and over, but using it seemed impossible.
His hand was trembling when he eventually found the courage to open the locker.
***
The park around him was full of shadows, only the faint glow of a lamppost keeping him out of darkness.
The package sat at his knees as he eyed it warily. It was rather light, roughly the size of a shoebox. 
He pulled the letter out of his pocket and read it once again, trying to stay calm.

Dear Peter,


If everything went as planned you are reading this a day after your sixteenth birthday. I wish you all the best, my lovely boy. I’m so sorry I’m not there for you. The only thing keeping me sane right now is the confidence that Ben and May will love you and take care of you the best they can. They are good people and I know you must be a truly amazing young man yourself.


I have something important to tell you Peter. Maybe it won’t change anything, but I need you to know just in case.


Richard Parker is not your biological father. I won’t go into details, but the important thing is that he knew about it even before you were born. Richard loves you and treats you like his son. It was our shared decision to keep your actual father out of your life. We believed that was the best for you.


Perhaps that’s not true anymore and, with us gone, he will be the someone that you need. That’s why I’m writing this.


There is an address on the back of the letter, follow it if you want to find your father. Don’t act reckless. Think it through before you tell anyone.


I love you Peter,


Mom

Peter tugged at his hair. He felt like the four year old, little, orphaned boy all over again. No idea what would happen to him. Of course he wanted to know who his father was, but… It would be so much easier if there was somebody with him. He didn’t want to go through it alone.
The old, beaten up phone somehow appeared in his hand and he was going through contacts before he even thought about it. His finger hovered over the name. There was only one person he felt like calling.
For the last few months, after the whole deal with Vulture, his relation with Mr. Stark changed to something entirely different. Peter got used to talking or texting with Tony regularly and they spent quite a lot of time together, be it in the Compound or in the city.
The truth was, Mr. Stark became an actual mentor for Peter. Well, maybe even more than that. The boy wasn’t afraid to ask him for advice and often it was the man himself who offered words of encouragement or comfort. That was exactly what he needed right now, but… 

Think it through before you tell anyone.

What was that supposed to mean?
Peter shook his head with irritation and tore the package open. What was the point in waiting. It would be just like ripping a bandage of.
The first thing he took out of the box was an old photo. He turned it under the light and stared at the faces of Mary and Richard Parker.
They looked happy.
Held in between them was a bundle of colorful blankets, a little pink face barely visible. Baby Peter.
It was the first time the boy saw a picture of himself in such a young age. Most importantly, it was the first time he saw the faces of both his parents together since the day they left him with Ben and May.
It took him a split moment to realize something obvious. Anyone who had the smallest knowledge of genetics would notice it. How did he never see it before? Well. He probably didn’t want to.
Looking at him from the photography, Mary and Richard both had blue eyes. That meant Peter’s should be just as light. There was no other option, but here he was. His dark brown eyes filling up with tears.
It took him a long moment to leave the picture be and search the box further. He took out an article cut out from a newspaper.
Seeing the title and blurry picture next to it made his heart stop.
It felt like 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Father Figures
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony is Peter's biological father
Father-Son Relationship
Mary and Richard Parker aren't the best parents in this one
Angst with a Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
not related to main characters
Panic Attacks
Underage Drinking
Miscommunication

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

