Work Text:
He looks at his face, or the man wearing his face, smiling with abandon at Captain America. They are happy. Happy is an emotion and emotions are-
He does not know why he saved the Captain. He has never failed a mission and the Captain was his mission and maybe is his mission still. 
He is a weapon, of stealth and secrecy, and he does not know how to search without destroying. 
He keeps a notebook. He bugs the townhouse that belongs to Sam Wilson and where the Captain now also lives. 
It is - It is enlightening.
.
He goes to the Smithsonian every day and he looks at his face, or the man wearing his face. There is a little boy wearing a blue t-shirt with the Captain’s shield emblazoned on it. He catches his eye.
He raises his finger to his lips and the little boy runs away crying. 
. 

He could be anywhere, Steve-


I don’t think he’s gone far.


He’s not your friend anymore.


He’s not my enemy.

(Sometimes, he has to mute the surveillance feed because he cannot bear the sincerity in the Captain’s voice.)
.
He goes to Brooklyn. According to the museum exhibition and the scant remaining files, James Buchanan Barnes was born in Brooklyn. 
He cannot quite believe it; he is a weapon and weapons are not born. They are forged and begotten in blood and pain and perhaps he is not so different from a human after all, forged and begotten in blood and pain. He goes to a cemetery. Here lies Matthew Rogers, born and died. Here lies Joseph Rogers, of the 107th. Here lies Sarah Rogers. The family of an unsaintly, perfect hero and the littlest one said-
He walks further and here lies George Barnes and Winifred Barnes and the souls of the righteous are in the hands of God. 
He does not know what it is to be righteous. Alexander Pierce spoke often of such things, as though he had a care for anything but the mission. 
.
He goes back to D.C. and spends the weekend listening to his surveillance feeds. 
Sam Wilson and the Captain ate pizza and went for a run.
Sam Wilson and the Captain made plans to go to the veterans’ hospital.
Sam Wilson and the Captain have an easy friendship, with laughter and jokes that he struggles to understand. 
Sam Wilson and the Captain have left D.C., answering a summons from the red-haired Russian. 
.
If Brooklyn was a non-specific ache, like phantom limbs, Manhattan is a migraine of colour and noise. Sam Wilson and the Captain are in the Avengers Mansion and the Winter Soldier knows that there is no way in. 
There was a mission, some decades ago. He tampered with the brakes. It was unsatisfying. It always is, when he can’t see the whites of their eyes. Nevertheless, Howard and Maria Stark are dead, like all the bones in Holy Cross Cemetery. They all rattle the same, those dead bones. 
Anthony Stark was never a mission. 
He sits at an outdoor table in a cafe near the Mansion and a pretty waitress smiles at him. She says nothing about his long sleeves, despite the heat, or the glove on his left hand. 
He orders an americano. He enjoys the irony. 
He opens a small notebook and keeps his eyes fixed on the high-rise building. 
 
Manhattan is whiskey in a shady bar in Hell’s Kitchen and surveillance equipment cobbled together from equipment caches of uncertain provenance, buried deep in murky memories. 
He does not have the knowledge or skill to circumvent Stark’s AI but he is not the only one who wants to listen. The CIA and the remnants of SHIELD are always listening to Stark and he is listening to them. 
.
Maria Hill is a capable woman, implicitly trusted by Nicholas J Fury [whereabouts unknown]. She works for Stark Industries now. 
He might be an empty vessel but even he knows that she still works for Fury. 
He wonders how things might have been different if he had been Fury’s weapon and not the ace up Pierce’s sleeve. Fury is ruthless but not without humanity and he longs to understand humanity. 
.
Bucky’s out there.

Are you suggesting we put out a saucer of milk, Cap?

(He doesn’t think he likes Stark very much. He doesn’t think the Captain likes him, either.)
.
He has a dream. Maybe this is humanity.
.
He is living (he thinks it is living) in a defunct HYDRA safehouse, in the shade of Stark’s monstrosity. We are all heroes here, with or without arc reactors and the internet. 
(He likes the internet. There are pictures of cats with motivational slogans.)
.
Sharon Carter, or Agent 13, works for the CIA. She is not yet field-rated, which is absurd. He has seen the footage of her hand-to-hand skills when SHIELD imploded. Her loyalty to the Captain is admirable. 
He might be an empty vessel but even he knows that she still works for Fury. 
The CIA is less trusting than Stark, it seems. 
He sees her at the firing range and she is lethal. 
She goes for coffee with the Captain and he does not know how he feels about it. They smile at each other and the Captain blushes prettily.
.
He dreams. He is punching someone until there are splinters of bone in his metal knuckles and the face of his opponent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Spoilers for Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Canon
The most unreliable of narrators

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

