Chapter 1





Chapter Text
A sharp, painful cramp seized Loki around his middle. His knees buckled and he crumpled to the floor. His heart was racing. An odd feeling started to come over him, his body flashing from hot to cold to hot again.This was not some minor case of indigestion, Loki decided.He took a deep breath and slowly stood up, only to wracked with another painful cramp moments later."Bathroom." He shuffled his way into the brightly lit room and stopped short when he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. He stared at his reflection in horror as his face rippled from pale to blue, as if his skin was at war with itself. He was seized by another powerful cramp and the blue won out. He let out an anguished cry as he looked down at his hands, gripping tight on to the edge of the sink. He couldn’t change it back, as hard as he tried.Another cramp. He grit his teeth and dug his fingers into the porcelain. He let out a sharp gasp as a rush of fluid flowed down between his legs, pooling around his feet on the tile floor. He stared down at it in shock for a moment before frantically pulling down his pants. With an unsteady hand he reached between his legs, past his cock and let out a sob as he felt the warm wet folds of a woman’s sex."What kind of madness is this?"There was another cramp, even sharper, and Loki was struck with a horrifying realization."No - How can this be?" He touched his stomach gently. It only protruded very slightly, so it could only be…But no. The last time was with Thor and that was…"This can't be happening." He shut his eyes tightly and took a few deep breaths through his nose. This isn't real. It can't be. He's a man for fuck's sake.His body was quick to remind him that this was all too real, his abdomen squeezing painfully and making him weak kneed again.He let out a guttural cry, hot tears streaming down his cheeks as he pulled himself back up. He leaned heavily on the sink, taking slow, deep breaths as he tried to focus his thoughts.This was real. This was really happening. He stood carefully and yanked his shirt off before pulling every towel off the rack and settling into the bathtub. He made himself as comfortable as he could, taking focused breathes as his insides started cramping again.There had been yet another terrible fight between him and The Avengers that had ended with Thor grabbing him by the throat, whisking them away with his hammer and taking him to an abandoned building. Loki had let him, wanting to see what his dear old brother would say to him this time. It had started with their usual yelling, harsh, unoriginal jabs thrown back and forth between each other. But then harsh words had somehow turned into a harsh kiss, bruising each other's lips with sharp teeth and tongues searching for something. Thor pulled him to the ground, and there they tore their clothes off, tangling their bodies together in the rubble until they both went slack.He let out a hoarse scream as he was overtaken by searing pain. Instinctively, he bore down, screaming as he felt like his body was about to be torn in half. He pushed as hard as possible with each new contraction, just trying to rid himself of this damned pain. Then, he felt it. He reached down and felt the head, held onto it as he pushed once more, with all the strength he could muster and felt the rest of the child slide from him after another burst of pain.He let out a sob, half-startled, half-relieved, and pulled his child on to his chest. He carefully wiped it’s face clean with a towel, then the black, curly tufts of hair that peppered it's little head. The baby let out a shrill cry and Loki could help but let out a sort mad laugh at the direction his night had taken."I had thought it was Midgard’s sub-par food that had fattened me up so much."The baby let out a few more screams before finally going quiet, falling asleep almost instantly. Loki watched his son’s skin turn ruddy, finding himself overly relieved that he lost his blueish gray hue. Loki sobbed, never before feeling so scared and alone and so woefully unprepared.He stood up on shaky legs, waving away the mess of afterbirth and snipping the umbilical cord with a bit of magic before he turned on the shower. Carefully, he stood under the stream with his son, cleaning their skin and warming it. He stared down at his tiny scrunched up face, unsure of what to do now. He looked down at his arm and concentrated for a moment, letting out a relieved breath as his skin went back to it's normal porcelain shade.He wished somewhere in the back of his mind that he had Frigga here to show him and guide him with her skilled hands and soft voice, and somewhere farther behind that thought, he wished for Thor. He wished for him to be here and be as scared and confused as he was. Or for him to smile stupidly at him, like he used to when they were growing up and were still true brothers and make him feel like everything just might be alright.His body felt sore and tired as he fina
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Intersex Loki
Mpreg
An "I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant" like beginning
Thor and Loki are too fertile to function

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

