Chapter 1: The Winter Soldier
    




Chapter Text
Tony thought that nothing could be worse than being tortured in a cave in Afghanistan and then literally getting his heart ripped out by a man he admired and trusted.It turned out that getting the blame for the destruction of a city and then getting his heart metaphorically ripped out by people who were considered the paragons of virtue and honor and good was far worse.The kicker, though, was having to live and work with those people after said ripping out of the heart, and then having to pretend that nothing was wrong.“Massive expansion,” Tony said as an excuse when Sam invited him to the newly reinstated team movie night.With a frown, Sam suspiciously asked, “Massive expansion of what?”“Production plants,” Tony replied, keeping his eyes on the blueprints he was pretending to review and approve (the schematics had been greenlighted months ago, the materials purchased, and SI would be breaking ground on three new facilities within the month. Sam didn’t need to know that, though). “I leave for Korea in two days.”His brow furrowing, Sam argued, “We’re watching Star Wars. It will be Bucky’s first time seeing it. Clint says you hold house rights on showing sci-fi movies to alien beings and humans out-of-time.”“Damn,” Tony said, doing his best to sound convincingly disappointed. “Between the facilities in Korea, Chile, and Morocco, it will be a few months before I have enough downtime for any Star Wars marathons.”“A few months?” Sam incredulously asked.Giving Sam a well-practiced pair of sad eyes, Tony told him, “No self-respecting person living in the 21st century can go that long without seeing Star Wars, I know. How about this - I relinquish house rights on Star Wars just this once. I’ll make it up with Star Trek and Firefly. And Pitch Black. And 2001 Space Odyssey.”“Dude, Star Wars,” Sam wheedled.“Dude, I’m flying to South Korea in 36 hours,” Tony argued.Thirty-six hours later, FRIDAY patched a call from Pepper through to the suit.“Tony, why are you flying to South Korea?” Pepper asked.“I thought I’d help out with the heavy lifting,” Tony replied.“What is that?” Tony asked. “Hand it over. As Lord Commander of Stark Tower and the Avengers, I demand that you relinquish all hot food to my care for a thorough inspection-”“Back, Stark! Down!” Scott Lang demanded, holding the foil encased casserole dish well out of Tony’s reach -- damn Tony’s compact stature! Damn his recessive height genes! “And stop trying to implement fictional command structures to the team! You may be a Stark, but we aren’t playing any game of thrones, we aren’t the Night’s Watch, and winter isn’t coming for three months. Back, I said!”“I need to make sure it isn’t poisoned!” Tony insisted, making another grab for the divine smelling dish.“You can test it’s toxicity along with everyone else at dinner tonight!” Lang insisted.“Fire where now?” Tony asked.“Geeze, Stark, don’t tell me you forgot - it’s ethnic food night,” Lang informed him.Tony did his best to keep from falling into a defensive stance.Lang was still talking. “- my traditional Irish shepherd's pie along with T’Challa’s fataya, whatever German dish Steve has been slow cooking for the past two days, and the leeks Wanda has been stinking up the tower with.”“Foiled again,” Tony said with a dramatic sigh. “Come on, Lang? Just a bite for the road?”“For the road?” Ant-Man repeated with a frown. “You’re not coming to ethnic food night? The team’s been planning this for a month! Sam’s trying his hand at a Cuban dish, and Clint promised some sort of French cheese thing-”“The team may have been planning this for a month, but SI has been organizing-” he chanced a glance at his phone, and FRIDAY helpfully supplied him with Maria Stark Foundation Charity Benefit @ 8:30P.M. in Boston, “- a shindig at my alma mater for the past six months. Lord Commander Stark’s participation is mandatory.”Lang was still frowning. “But Natasha said you’re responsible for the Italian. Fotacha?”“Focaccia,” Tony absently corrected as he began madly texting Happy and his tailor. “My mother’s recipe, e stasera no. Duty calls. Or technically, people with so much money they can afford to give it away by the fistfuls to absolute strangers call. You run your heists, I’ll run mine. But hey, if Rhodey makes that rice dish he picked up in Egypt, eat an extra bite for me. I don’t know what sort of opiates go into that stuff, but it’s addictive, I swear.”That evening, when Tony climbed into the back of his waiting car, Happy asked, “You avoiding a SHIELD budget meeting this evening?”“Something like that,” Tony replied.“Pepper told them not to email you an agenda beforehand. They promised they wouldn’t announce meeting topics until you were in the room and had your ass planted in a chair.”Tony made sure to take note of this new machination.Natasha was watching him with narrowed eyes.“You went through three walls,” she informed him.“Sure,” Tony agreed, careful to keep his postur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Winter Soldier

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
overprotective Avengers
But not of Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Male Slash
Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Humor
Civil War Team Iron Man
Shameless Smut
Bondage
Graphic Sex
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Winter Soldier

