Chapter 1: Washington Monument
    




Chapter Text
Peter was very confused. One moment, he was at home getting ready for school, and the next he was in some sort of cinema. “Uh…” He looked around and saw Tony a few feet away, the billionaire waking up himself. “Mr. Stark?” The billionaire’s head snapped towards Peter, relief before worry flooding his eyes.“Hey kiddo, what’s up?” Tony asked and Peter raised a brow, wondering if he was serious. “Alright, I get it. Anyway, wonder what mystical power decided movie day was an option.” Tony sighed and Peter quickly shuffled towards the man, obviously feeling uncomfortable. His newly and now fully developed spider sense was buzzing that something wasn’t right here.Obviously, he was right.“Tony..?” Both heads turned to see Steven Grant Rogers standing there behind them, Clint Barton, Natasha Romanov, Wanda Maximoff, and Sam Wilson behind him. Scott Lang was a little bit further behind them, pretty disoriented currently.“Rogers.” Tony gritted out as Vision appeared from nowhere, making Peter jump and whisper “Jesus Christ” when he spoke up.“Hello, Captain.” The android greeted, avoiding Maximoff’s gaze. Rhodey wheeled up behind him, but said nothing, prefering to glare at each rogue avenger.“Vision.” Rogers returned the greeting, eyeing Peter curiously. “Who’s the kid?” He asked and Tony stepped in front of Peter protectively.“His name is Peter. He’s my intern.” Was all Tony said and Peter was thankful for the respect for his privacy.”Well, seeing as everyone… mostly everyone…. is ready, I shall begin. Hello Avengers, Rogues, and Vigilantes alike.” A voice echoed through the room though nobody else was seen. ”I am… Well my name means little. All you need to know is that I have brought you all here to watch some… clips… of a certain little spiderling.” The voice continued and Peter froze, Tony deciding to glare at the ceiling. ”That is enough out of me, please take a seat and the viewing shall begin! Please keep in mind that the videos will pause each time you decide to.. talk.. and that it will resume once everyone is ready. Also, please no fighting. See you later…”“That was strange.” Barton said once everything went quiet.“No Stephen is.” Tony quipped and Peter snorted. The rogues gave him a disapproving look and Tony shrugged. “It’s true. C’mon kiddo, let’s take a seat.” Tony said, guiding Peter away from the rogues. Peter sat down nearish the middle with Tony on one side of him and Vision on the other. Rhodey decided to sit beside Tony(metal braces work for standing and very short distance walking currently) with the rogues taking a seat a couple rows behind, order going from Rogers, to Wilson, to Romanov, to Barton, to Maximoff, and finally to Lang. The screen then came on as it faded from black into the Washington Monument, Peter letting out a groan at the memory. Tony face lit up in realization and a slow smirk eased onto his face.
”The Washington Monument is 555 feet, five and one-eighth inches tall.” The scene cuts to show Peter making his way towards the Washington Monument. It then cuts back to inside the elevator. “Notice how the marble and granite are cut around the stone.” Ned’s backpack then begins to glow purple in one spot before the fabric melts away and the Chitauri core goes off. The glass walls on the top floor shatter as the top of the monument shows damage.
“Whoa! Wait, what?” Barton asked in surprise and Peter sighed. He had tried to warn Ned, but fate had something against him.“So that’s how it happened.” Tony hummed as he watched, a prickling feeling of worry slowly making its way up.
”No, no, no. Karen, what's going on up there?” Peter yelled as he hopped closer to the monument, MJ is seen staring up at the monument in worry.
“That voice… I knew it.” Romanov stood up and looked at Peter, her eyes narrowing. “You’re not just Stark’s intern. You’re Spider-Man.” Rogers and a few of the other rogues looked ready to protest against Peter but Tony shot them a warning look as the video continued.
”The Chitauri core has detonated… and caused severe structural damage
to the elevator.” Karen responded as she shows Peter an x-ray of the top of the monument where the elevator is, showing the people moving around inside.
Lang started to shift, clearly worrying over everything, not really paying attention when the others clearly stiffened at the mention of the Chitauri.“How’d you even get that?” Rhodey asked and Peter gave him a hesitant smile.“From a weapon made by the Vulture?” He answered and Rhodey’s face scrunched up in more worry. He had heard about the Vulture incident, but there weren’t many details regarding it besides that Spider-Man caught him before he stole a Stark Industries shipment.“The Vulture?” Wilson asked and Peter shrugged.“Probably be shown later.” Wilson nodded, content with the answer as the video started back up.
”Oh, no.” Peter whispered as MJ stood up and pointed up to the monument.

”My friends are up there.” She shouted and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Vision
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Scott Lang

freeform: 
avengers watch scenes from spiderman:homecoming
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Vision Is A Good Bro
Peter Parker Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Vision
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Scott Lang

