Chapter 1: Middle Fingers Up
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


Spring in New York is supposed to be fun. From the blossom of the trees and flowers that no longer threaten Steve’s breathing to the numerous street fairs and outdoor farmer markets, spring in New York should be a relief from the long, cold winter.But so far, this spring has offered no respite. It’s been a tough month. A terrorist attack along the Hudson bike path, followed by another alien invasion that cost the city too many lives and damages. Steve can see the toll it’s taking in the faces of strangers in the street. Hope never dies, but it’s struggling to live in a city beat down week after week by some tragedy or attack. Even with all of his strength, power, and speed, and a team of elite operatives, Steve still can’t bring peace to New York City. Sometimes he wonders what he really gave up when he chose to take the serum, and what he’s doing here.  When he gets too melancholy and needs to get out of his head, he forces himself outside of his Brooklyn Heights brownstone to see and be seen by the people he’s come to regard as friends: his neighborhood barber, Patrick; the local elderly baker couple, Mr. and Mrs. Friedhoff; his ever optimistic mail lady LaShonda; the sweet pimply-faced Starbucks barista, Terri. But today, it’s not enough. He’s got a real bad case of the blues with a healthy side portion of guilt. The latest collateral damage the Avengers caused during a battle in East Harlem makes a mockery out of all the good they’ve done. He calls Sam, who always has a way to break up Steve’s pity party. Sam answers the phone full of energy. “Hey man, what’s up?” “Need any help up there?” Steve asks.“Actually, no. We have a full roster of volunteers today. And we’re in the middle of an orientation for the new folks, so…”“I’d probably be a distraction,” Steve says glumly.“Probably,” Sam says, a smile in his voice. “What’s wrong? You feeling guilty again?”Steve grunts, and Sam chuckles. Steve kind of wants to hang up on him, but he knows this is the best sort of medicine. Sam always shakes him out of it. Well, usually.“You do know there’s more than one VA in town, right? In fact…uh-huh, there’s one in Brooklyn...right off of Flatbush, on Chapel, which is a lot closer to you than Harlem.”Steve huffs. He always visits the VA with Sam. They’re a team, and honestly, Steve likes the way Sam takes over a conversation when they meet the public. Sam gets along with practically everyone. Sometimes, Steve wears his emotions on his sleeves and it gets him in hot water, especially with the PR department of SHIELD. Like the time he went on a rant when a Fox News reporter asked him a xenophobic question about immigration.  The clip played on loop for months, and caused a shitstorm that had Fury’s eye twitching every time he looked at Steve. Not that he cares what SHIELD thinks; Steve just doesn’t want to deal with that kind of fallout if he doesn’t smile enough, or doesn’t respond diplomatically. Still, moving out from under the shadow of SHIELD means Steve has to start doing things like volunteering without leaning on the protective social graces of his friends.“I know, Sam,” Steve concedes.“Spread your wings, old sparrow,” Sam says. “You’ve been volunteering up here long enough to branch out on your own.”“You’re the bird,” Steve retorts.“Excuse you, I’m a Falcon! Get it right,” Sam says.Steve huffs out a chuckle and shakes his head. He’s already feeling better. “Okay, I’ll check out the Brooklyn site.”“Yes!” Sam cheers. “Let me know how it goes.”“I will...and Sam?”“Yeah?”“Thank you.”“Anytime.”Steve gets off of the phone feeling a little lighter, with a sense of purpose. He changes into a fresh black and yellow Army t-shirt and comfortable khakis,  checks his hair, and grabs his keys.Weaving in and out of Brooklyn traffic on his bike helps his mood as well. It occurs to him how little he actually gets out of his neighborhood. Besides running in Central Park with Sam, he basically circles the same two to four block radius around his neighborhood. It’s about time for him to shake up his routine, do something different, and maybe meet some new people. Plus volunteering always leaves him feeling better. When Steve dismounts across the street from the Brooklyn VA Community Based Outpatient Clinic, there’s a small crowd gathered around it. Even from this distance, he can see they look displeased and Steve’s relaxed mood quickly disintegrates into concern. There’s a strong-looking man in a black bomber jacket with a huge bullhorn standing on a street bench above the people gathered there. Steve can’t make out his face because the guy’s baseball cap is pulled rather low.“They’re killing us!” he shouts. “If you don’t die overseas serving, they make sure to finish you off when you get back here.”Several people in the crowd shout their approval.Steve walks in slow motion, slightly alarmed, but more curious
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
War Veteran Bucky Barnes
Disabled!Bucky
competent!Bucky
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Drug Addiction
Overdosing
Homelessness
Suicide
physical assault
Veterans Affairs politics
Veterans Affairs protests
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Gallows Humor
Humor
Hate Sex
Enemies to Lovers
Meet-Ugly
Bucky Barnes Is Not Your Damsel
Bucky ain’t scared of no super-serum
probably should be
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Rough Sex
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Hand Jobs
Metal Arm Kink
Pining
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Switching

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

