Chapter 1





Chapter Text
    “Hey kid, what’s in this punch? It’s delicious!” Tony’s voice came from the kitchen of the Avenger’s tower. You were curled up happily on your favorite couch until the interruption.    “I’m 500 years old. Just because I look like I’m 20 doesn’t mean I’m a kid!” you shouted into the other room before the rest of what he said registered. “What punch?” you added, looking up from the spellbook in your lap.    Tony stepped into the living room and held up a clear glass of purple liquid. You jumped to your feet, drawing your wand from where it lived wrapped around your wrist pretending it was a bracelet, in the same movement. “Stark, you dumbass. Didn’t your mother ever teach you not to drink strange liquids in cauldrons?” you demanded. He dropped the glass immediately, horrified. A swish of your wand and it vanished before it hit the ground where it would have shattered.    “Clint said it was punch!” Tony protested.    “Seriously? You trusted Clint?! Ask the witch before you go drinking my potions without permission,” you growled at him, summoning a book to try to find a spell that would counter that potion.    “Oh god, what is it?” he demanded. You couldn’t help laughing as all of the hair on his head began falling out.    “It’s a hair removal potion,” you told him dryly as you flipped through the pages of your book.    “Clint! I’m going to kill you! And you why do you leave dangerous potions lying around? Fix it! Fix it!” Tony whined as his hair fell to the floor. You caught a glimpse of Clint up in the ceiling tiles recording the hilarity.    “I left the potion in the cauldron to cool so I could bottle it for Pepper, Nat, Jane, Darcy, and the ladies in SHIELD,” you reminded him that it was dumb to drink unknown liquids out of a cauldron. “You should be smart enough not to drink a strange potion out of a cauldron,” you grumbled. “Now hold still,” you ordered when you found the spell. You pointed your wand directly at Tony’s nose and spoke the reversal while he tried not to cringe away from the wand in his face. His hair was instantly back to normal. “I take it my potion is cool now,” you added dryly as you placed your wand against your wrist. It obediently curled around your wrist so it looked like a slim wooden bangle. You didn’t need the wand for all magic, but it helped. You went to the kitchen to begin bottling the potion so you could send it out to the girls. You kept a bottle for yourself and Nat and teleported the rest to their recipients. The bottles were labelled with the instructions for the potion’s use.    Tony was still grumbling when you were done. “Stark, I’ve been living here for 6 months. It’s not my fault that you haven’t learned to leave potions alone,” you reminded him sourly before he could start on you again. You’d been recruited by Coulson for the Avengers about six months ago. It seemed like a good opportunity, steady income, and sure beat living alone. The team was welcoming and didn’t seem to care that you were 500 years old. Thor minded least of all, since he was over 1,000. You’d become good friends with the Asgardian and hoped he would be coming back from Asgard soon.    *    “Y/N, are you helping Pepper at the office tomorrow?” Tony asked at dinner that night. You kinda floated around helping out whoever needed help at that time. You spent a lot of time at Stark Industries.    You shook your head. “I’m subbing at the Academy tomorrow.” You taught some classes occasionally at the nearby magic school. “And Strange wants me to stop by and help him with some of his students at the sanctum. Did Pepper need me for something?”    “Nothing urgent. Can you come to the office Tuesday?” Tony asked. You nodded.    “Did Thor say when he was coming back?” Cap asked the table at large.    “He should be back tonight,” Nat replied, “Unless the business on Asgard takes longer than expected. He said he’d let us know if he was being delayed. How, I don’t know,” she added before anyone could ask.    As if speaking his name summoned the man, the lights of the Bifrost appeared outside of the tower. “Speak of the devil,” Tony commented.    You went to the elevator a minute later with everyone else to greet Thor when he had made his way up to the main floor and welcome him home. “Friends! I have returned!” Thor boomed when he stepped off the elevator. He was holding a gorgeous black cat by the scruff of its neck.    “Thor! That’s not how you hold a cat!” you protested and ran over to him to take the cat from him. “It’s alright, kitty, I’ve got you. You’re ok,” you soothed the angry cat as you cuddled him to your chest, cradling him properly and petting him so he’d calm. “Ouch, stop that. I’m not hurting you,” you scolded when the cat dug his claws into your arm. His claws retracted when you did nothing more than pet his soft black fur. “Who’s a handsome soft kitty?” you cooed at him.    Thor had gone around hugging everyone or shaking hands or clapping shoulders depending on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Lokitty

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

