Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 "How do you feel about the fact that the Fantastic Four had to save you?"

"They didn't save us.”

"It seems the Avengers were down two team members. Can you explain why the Fantastic Four was called in instead?"

"They weren't called in, they came to help deal with their enemy.”

"Where is the rest of your team?"

"War Machine was called away because of other commitments. And effective immediately, the Scarlet Witch is no longer an Avenger."
As Wanda processed the words, she was aware of eyes turning in her direction. Her skin prickled with the force of their stares and, had she possessed her magic, she would’ve given them something to look at. A nightmare, perhaps: something really damaging that was dug out of the deepest depths of their psyches and which would haunt them for weeks to come. Her fingers itched with the urge to follow through on the threat.Keeping her face expressionless, she continued to watch the news. The journalist who’d been asking the question was so surprised that they stopped speaking, giving Captain America the opportunity to slip away. His back, adorned with the familiar silver star and straps to hold the shield in place, filled the camera for a split second before the screen was overtaken by two news anchors.They weren’t happy, of course. This was breaking news so they didn’t have any other information, but that didn’t stop them from speculating about where War Machine was and why the Scarlet Witch wasn’t an Avenger anymore. The theory that War Machine had been called away by the military couldn’t be mocked – everyone knew that Colonel James Rhodes’s first love would always be the military – but the theories about the Scarlet Witch were infuriating.The Scarlet Witch had run away? Defected? That was the most popular theory, and her rage knew no bounds. Wanda had found her team, and she would have stuck with them until the end. The Avengers were the ones who had decided that they no longer wanted her. But even that slight was tolerable… until they started discussing Iron Man’s departure from the team and saying that the Avengers had been going downhill since he’d left. That was an insult Wanda couldn’t abide.She stood up and stalked out, ignoring the whispers that sprang up in her wake. Bunch of gossiping teenagers, that was the definition of the Xavier Institute. Within a day of Wanda being at the mansion, everyone had known exactly why and how she’d gotten there. They also knew that her powers were locked away. It was mortifying. Watching all of them use their own powers, knowing that her own were so much better…Someday, she would show them. She would show everyone who thought that Wanda Maximoff was a child who could be pushed around. Once she got her powers back, she would be unstoppable. Strange didn’t know what he was talking about. Wanda had perfect control. Her powers always did what she wanted them to, especially once she was out of Hydra’s grasp.Well, that wasn’t completely true. When Wanda had first arrived at the compound, she’d been confused and lost and grieving. Without Pietro, the world was off-kilter and she’d lost a little bit of control. Not all the way – she was proud to say the compound would’ve been leveled had that occurred – but just enough to influence the people around her and exude a shadow of hatred over their opinion on Tony Stark.But then, even when she’d figured out how to regain control, she hadn’t stopped. In spite of what she’d told Steve, Wanda wasn’t ashamed to admit that she’d realized what she was doing and had deliberately decided not to do anything about it. It wasn’t her fault the Avengers as a whole were susceptible to being influenced. If they were better at ignoring or defending themselves against unconscious telepathy, this whole situation could have been avoided.Besides, nothing bad had happened. So what if the Avengers began to hate Stark? As far as Wanda was concerned, it was no less than what a monster like Stark deserved. He’d murdered her parents and the robot he’d built had murdered her dear brother. Stark had taken everything from her and never paid an ounce of reparation, so why couldn’t she take everything from him?It was unfortunate that she hadn’t anticipated Stark receiving help from outside forces. Wanda had never known someone like Dr. Stephen Strange. Hydra had been fascinated with her magic, leading her to believe that magic was something new to Earth as a whole. As it turned out, that wasn’t the case. Had she known, she could’ve better protected herself. Instead, Strange had gotten the jump on her.And now when Wanda lifted her hand, or tried to reach out unthinkingly, it was like running into a brick wall that sprang up from nowhere. She couldn’t even feel her powers on the other side. It had occurred to her, once or twice, that maybe Strange hadn’t just bound them, but had found a way to remove them. The thought was so chilling that she refused to dwell on it, instead opting to believe that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Ignores Civil War
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
no infinity wars spoilers
talk of brainwashing
Talk of Mind Control
Psychological issues
discussions around mind control and its long last effects
author is not a psychologist
author is not a therapist
author is not trained in mind matters
handwavy psychology
though i will try to be realistic as i can
Protective Phil Coulson
Protective Laura Barton
Sam Wilson Needs a Hug
sam wilson is not here to be your therapist
stephen strange is done with young witches who don't know what the hell they're doing
Not Wanda Friendly
very wanda critical
wanda maximoff is a sociopath
and possibly a psychopath
the barton family loves tony
clint barton is in denial
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
sometimes not everything can be fixed
natasha romanov has left the building
steve rogers doesn't know what to do anymore
Minor Original Character
Communication
if you like wanda do not read this
steve rogers mourns the good old days
phil coulson is done with this shit
Unintentional Mind Control
deliberate mind control
wanda maximoff hates tony stark
Angst
Angst and Feels
Thoughts of revenge
Bittersweet Ending
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
though there isn't comfort for everyone

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Phil Coulson

