Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I’m pleased to announce that the Avengers will be joining us next week and teaching workshops all week!” The principal gained an excited round of applause from the whole school; everyone—
 
Except Peter Parker. 
 
Because sure, he may work for the Stark Internship, but that internship is all a sham. Not that anyone else knows that though, besides his aunt, Ned and the Avengers themselves. All that was circling through Peter’s mind was having to spend a week being overly vigilant, overly paranoid, and over-bared by his secret second family. 
 
No one wanted Spider-man’s identity to be a secret more than Peter did, but that didn’t mean that the Avengers weren’t prepared to start pushing his buttons to the point of no return. They often teased him about why he had to be constantly undercover, why the world couldn’t know who he was— 
 
“Maybe he’s not photogenic.” Tony joked.
 
“Don’t be stupid, that kid is gonna break hearts someday,” Nat chimed in, sending Steve a raised eyebrow. The Captain smiled. 
 
“He’s only seventeen. He’s allowed to keep a secret like this. I suspect his classmates would be all over him if they ever found out.” 
 
Tony took a swig of his coffee. 
 
“Rogers always ruins my fun,” He placed the mug on the kitchen counter, turning to his other teammates. His face was void of all jokes now, and it made the others change their own expressions. “This is the first time since Berlin and the Accords that the press is actually seeing us together. Plus, it’s at a high school. We all need to be on best behaviour.”
 
Clint scoffed, crossing his arms. 
 
“If anyone is going to behave badly around the kid, I wanna place a bet that it’ll be you, Tony.” Tony playfully clutched a hand over his arc reactor. 
 
“That hurts, Clint. The distrust in your voice cuts deep,”
 
The conversation ended after that, with everyone going off to pack up their stuff for the week ahead, grins on their faces. 
 
-
 
Peter looked dead. Utterly. 
 
“Did you even sleep last night?” 
 
He gave Ned a slight head wobble. “I didn’t sleep all weekend.” 
 
“They’re not exactly going to make it obvious, though. They’re your teammates, not your enemies—,”
 
Peter shot Ned a death stare, the bags under his eyes practically holding his best friend at gun point. Peter’s hair was tussled beyond belief, his lips were so chapped they looked like a paved walkway, and his eyes so full of anger and fear that it was only a matter of time before someone got punched. 
 
“You don’t know them like I do,” He slumped forward, his eyes staring at the wall in front of him, his bag weighing him down. “This week is going to feel like seven years.” 
 
Peter slumped down on his desk in homeroom, his head hitting the table immediately. Why did the Avengers just happen become patrons of Midtown High School? Why did that mean they had to physically teach at the school— for a whole week? Peter had some questions that he’d like to ask the higher ups of the school board, but they fluttered out of his mind as soon as his homeroom teacher walked in. 
 
Natasha was wearing a simple black suit, her hair down, her eyes piercing straight into Peter’s. 
 
The whole class visibly shook with nerves. The Black Widow was their homeroom teacher? What the hell? 
 
“Hello everyone, my name is Natasha Romanoff,” she picked up a piece of chalk and scribbled her name on the board in English, and below it in Russian. “I expect you all to memorise the spelling of my name is Russian by the end of the week. Knowing another language builds character,” her eyes passed over Peter’s; his throat physically closed up. 
 
There was something still intimidating about Nat, despite her wearing a stupid suit, and reading names out for morning registration. It was like she was interrogating you with every name dropped. Every time someone didn’t answer fast enough, her eyes would immediately find them in the room; they would stare in disbelief at her, wondering how the hell she knew who’s name it was, wondering how the hell she could pick out their face before even knowing them. 
 
That was Natasha Romanoff for you. 
 
“Peter Parker,” she called out, but Peter was staring out of a crack in the classroom door. Because there was Steve, being briefed by Mr Geller, the history teacher. 
 

Was this seriously happening? 

 
Peter swallowed, and turned back to answer his name; 
 
Natasha was an inch away from his face, staring him down like a pig for slaughter. The entire class was silent, waiting to see what she would do, waiting to see what Peter looked like with a bullet through his skull, or a knife lodged in his throat. 
 
“Here,” Peter said, not even bothering to hide the fact he was sweating profusely. 
 
Nat smiled sweetly, ticking off his name sharply on a clipboard, before heading back to the front of the class. Peter finally breathed out, his body slumping even further into his seat, a cold gust of tension flying directly through his body.
 
He turned to Ned, wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fluff
High-School
Angst
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Clint Barton is a massive Dork
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers doesn't know he's Beautiful
Natasha Romanov is such a Mom
Thor is too Pure for this World
Science Bros
Anxiety
Original six

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

