Chapter 1: Steve Rogers
    




Chapter Text
1. Steve Rogers“Sir, to be frank, you are the worst possible candidate to enlist in the military.” The medical professional said while looking over a medical file labeled ‘Steve Rogers’. “You’ve been diagnosed with asthma, astigmatism, a heart arrhythmia, high blood pressure, and that’s only a part of your medical ailments. The list goes on. Asthma alone would make you ineligible. Once you consider everything else? Only an idiot would allow you to enlist”.Steve had to resist the urge to scream and pull his hair out. This was the fifth time he had attempted to enlist and yet again, a doctor was trying to prevent him from accomplishing his goal! Why didn’t they understand that those medical conditions meant nothing? When looking at the grand scheme of things, why should asthma or anything else matter? Shouldn’t the military be bending over backward for any individual willing to risk their life for their country? From what Steve's been seeing and hearing, too many cowards now existed in America and were doing their best to avoid enlistment. It was men like that who were harming the war effort! More men needed to enlist like his father did.All his life, Steve only heard stories about how amazing his father was. How selfless and brave he was for being willing to fight in the war. How honorable it was for him to give his life for the greater good. If it wasn’t for brave soldiers like his father, the war wouldn’t have been won! Patriots like his father were respected every day. So it was shocking to Steve that doctors wouldn’t be willing to let him or other individuals have the opportunity to become brave patriots as well. Why would Bucky and so many other individuals be allowed to fight while he wasn’t?“Sir, I don’t understand why any of my medical conditions should have an effect on my enlistment. I can fight through them and can be as just as brave and effective as a soldier. Like any other soldier.” Steve explained passionately. “I’m more than willing to put in the extra effort to make sure that these conditions won’t affect my abilities to fight and benefit the war effort.” This doctor just had to understand how ignorant and one-sided his stance was.“Son, I agree 100% that you can benefit the war effort”. The medical professional said, looking up from the medical file in his hands.Steve held his breath when he heard this. Did he finally find the doctor who would let him accomplish his goal and dream of defending his country? Would he finally be allowed to become a patriot like his father? Would he be able to finally join Bucky on the battlefield, where they could defeat any and all bullies like they were meant to?“There are plenty of things you can do here at home, on American soil. You can volunteer with sorting out rations for the citizens here at home. You can help with collecting donations and supplies to ship off to our men overseas. Or you can just simply get a job. We have a huge labor shortage currently. Women and children are being forced to work due to the lack of able-bodied individuals. There are still plenty of things you can do to help without aggravating any of your many conditions.” The doctor explained patiently (and patronizingly in Steve’s opinion). “We have plenty of flyers and pamphlets in our lobby explaining the many jobs you can do in order to help the war effort.”Steve was furious. He could not believe the nerve this doctor possessed! It was one thing to refuse to allow him to enlist, it was another to patronize him and tell him he was only good for work on American soil! Work that was meant for women and children! Not men!“Your medical conditions make you a liability to both yourself and others. If you were in the middle of battle, it is extremely likely that you would collapse from one of your many conditions and the fellow men in your squadron would be forced to stop in order to help you. You slowing them down would cause them harm and could possibly lead them to their deaths. In the end, your enlistment would harm the war effort more than anything else.” The medical professional stamped the medical file before closing it. “Just like the previous doctors, I am not recommending you for enlistment. Until you are able to prove that you have overcome your various medical conditions, which is extremely unlikely, no doctor in their right mind would sign off on your enlistment. I’m sorry, but I’d rather save lives than to allow you and various other men suffer because of your ignorance and inability to acknowledge how dangerous and serious your medical conditions are.”***Steve stormed out of the enlistment office. He couldn’t get out of there fast enough. How dare they deny him the right to enlist! How dare they imply that his medical conditions would hold him back and would harm his fellow soldiers! It was ridiculous and absolutely outrageous that they would imply such a thing. His medical conditions only affected him and no one else! No else 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Willful Ignorance
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Period-Typical Sexism
not wanda maximoff friendly
Mentions of War
Mentions of Death
Not Clint Friendly
Not Sam Wilson Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Scott Lang is dumb
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky deserves better than Steve
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Canon Compliant

fandom: 
None
