Work Text:
Peter would like one thing to be known for certain: it isn’t anorexia.There was a difference between choosing not to eat and just not being able to eat. He’s always grown up without much money, and it’s never bothered him. Uncle Ben used to be the breadwinner of the Parker family. With Uncle Ben, they’d had enough money for school and to go out on special occasions and such, but they’d never had enough money to splurge on any non-essentials.Now, with Uncle Ben gone, he and Aunt May make do with even less. Aunt May’s part time jobs are just barely enough to sustain the both of them. She had come up with the clever idea of pre-planned lunches when Peter and she were beginning to run short on money after Ben.Every week, she sat down with Peter early in the morning and they drew up a meal plan for that week. Aunt May and he had just enough food at the beginning of each week for two regular people to have three regular meals a day. The strict schedule kept them from buying food they didn’t need and kept the cost at something manageable.But they’d been slacking lately, and sometimes Peter only got one or two meals a day. And even when he got all three, three average-person meals aren’t really enough for a growing teenage boy, let alone a superpowered teenage boy. He’s calculated it. With his metabolism, and factoring in extra Spiderman activity, he needs about four times the amount of food for a normal boy his age. But he’s used to relying on less; food is expensive.So one can imagine Peter’s hesitance when he is invited back to the Avengers tower for post-mission recuperating and Tony plops him down in what Peter assumes is their common room, and calls up to the ceiling for JARVIS to order twenty pizzas, six calzones, and a “shit ton” of chicken wings from the place down the street.Peter visibly balks. That is waay too much food. And yeah, he knows that although he and Tony are the only ones in the room right now, the rest of the team is just cleaning up and taking off their gear and would join them later, but still.When he and Aunt May order pizza, they never buy an entire pie. They both get one slice, with maybe a couple breadsticks if they were willing to splurge for a celebration.“Mr. Stark, that’s…that’s a little too much food, don’t you think?”Tony spins around from where he’s wandered over to work on a hologram in the center of the room. “It’s Tony, kid. Or Mr. Kickass Awesome. Although—” he turns back around to continue fiddling with his holographic design of… an arrow, maybe? “—technically, it would be Dr. Stark. I have PhD’s you know. PhD-’s, as in, plural. I’m a genius, Peter. So I know what I’m talking about when I tell you no, that is not too much pizza.” Tony twists his head back to Peter and raises his eyebrows.“Have you even seen Thor eat? Last time we got pizza, he ate fifteen supreme pizzas on his own! In fact, now that I think about it—” He points a finger up at JARVIS. “Order breadsticks with that meal. The good ones. Use your best judgement on how many, J.”“Certainly, sir.”The remaining color drains from Peter’s face under his mask. Oh jeeze, he’d made Mr. Stark order more food. Peter fights not to hyperventilate.“No, Mr. St—Tony. No, that’s okay. We really don’t need that much. I’m not even—you know what? I’m not even hungry so you don’t need to get more; they can just have mine. The rest of the team can just have what you ordered for me, Tony.”Peter watches Mr. Stark turn around and look over the common room to where Peter sits on their huge white couch. The couch is easily twice the size of a normal sofa, curved along the corner of the wall between the entryway to the kitchen and the elevator. Peter knows Tony had chosen this couch specifically because it was large enough to house the entire team during movie night. It must look even larger than it actually is when it has just Peter on it, curled as he is into a tiny, dirtied ball in the very center.His suit is filthy, and the elbows and knees hang together by a few strands. The spider logo bared across his chest is missing two of its legs, both having been a casualty of war to the giant, mutated sloth they’d just fought. Peter had been backhanded through several buildings and the creature’s claws had snagged Peter’s chest. Blood from the cuts still trickles idly out, soaking into the spandex. He has yet to take off his mask with black, vivid, rents cutting deep across both eye lenses from falling in rubble. Tuffs of hair poke through the rips in fabric at the top of his mask.Peter is sure he’s a sight to behold. He looks like the poster child for someone in need of a good, hot meal. Or maybe a ‘battered teen’ poster.Peter holds himself stiffly, muscles pulled taunt, sitting as far forward as he can, afraid that he will ruin the material of the sofa if he touches anything but the very edge of the cushion. He’s sure his exhaustion is overly evident in the way his head hangs, completely in contrast with the rigid hold his arms hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Guilt
So much guilt
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
team fic
Anorexia
anorexic Peter
uninentional anorexia
Self-Harm
In a way
Hurt Peter
Peter-centric
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Self-Esteem Issues
Desperate
Self-Worth Issues
Peter's trying to get better okay?
It's just really hard
Peter doesn't curse
it's adorable
Poverty
Financial Issues

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

