Work Text:
Tony Stark knows very well that when you have as many ideas as he does all the time, not all of them can be winners.It’s just the way it is. It’s a probability thing, proportional to high quantity. If you have that many ideas, some of them are bound to be pretty fucking stupid.So, yeah, there was this baby. New baby at the orphanage. Except the orphanage couldn’t possibly take her yet, because it was undergoing the renovations Tony was paying for. Space was extra tight for everyone, and there really wasn't any room for a new baby. Especially a newborn.There were about five hundred other solutions to this issue that Tony could have found, if he wanted. Another orphanage. People who wanted to adopt. Countless others.Except,  he wants to adopt.Not that he has ever given this a lot of thought, or that any of it was particularly serious. It was like, whatever. Who knows. Maybe. Someday. Probably.But at some point someone shoved this baby in his arms and Tony really, really, didn’t want to give her back. And to whom, anyway?It feels nice, her weight in his arms. What has he been doing with his arms all this time? What’s even the point of having arms if you’re not holding a baby, a tiny baby that’s all yours, now that you’ve signed the paperwork?Maria Stark. Little Maria Stark with big eyes just like her daddy.Because he’s that now. He’s a dad. A father.God, he’s gonna screw this up so much. He can’t possibly be a father. What the hell was he thinking?Mentoring Peter, scolding him when he fucks up, talking with him about responsibility and powers and boys (because Peter talks a lot about boys, and something makes him think asking Tony for advice about boys is a good idea), that, is one thing.This isn’t like that. She is five days old when he takes her home with him.Five  days.Oh my god.He breathes through his panic. It’s fine, most of the time. He barely has time to think about it at all, actually, because taking care of her is the priority.She’s so tiny. She only has Tony.So Tony gets his own shit together. For her.***The next few days are kind of a blur.She poops a lot, Tony finds out. How is it possible for a baby so tiny to poop this much? Jesus Christ.She also eats a lot, though. Well, drinks. Formula.And sleep. She sleeps all the time, except not continuously. She wakes up about every three hours screaming, until Tony gives her her bottle and then lulls her back to sleep, his lullabies sounding suspiciously like AC/DC songs adapted for the purpose.And yes, the waking up all the time is, you know, overall, to be expected. Because she’s a baby. But also, to be honest? What the fuck. Tony isn’t someone with the most impeccable sleep schedule, and yet he’s judging her, because there should be a limit to this kind of nonsense.About a week in, Tony hasn’t showered in six days, he’s covered in more baby vomit that he wants to think about, and there’s something dark under one of his nails. He doesn’t want to know what it is because it’s not motor oil and if it’s not motor oil then the options here are all things that make Tony’s skin crawl.The penthouse is a mess. The kitchen area is hopeless. He should burn the whole tower down, build a new one. But then he’d have to explain things to the superheroes currently using it as their base.The New Avengers work well. Tony isn’t an active member of the team, but he’s proud of the work they’ve done. The world is safe in their hands. Even though no threat has been as bad as Thanos yet, he knows they’re more than capable to deal with whatever the universe throws at them.Still, Tony hasn’t shared the good news with any of his friends, and if anyone asked him why, he wouldn’t know what to say.He’s scared, maybe.He looks around his bedroom, the corner with all of Maria’s things, and he feels like he’s failing at this. Spectacularly so.Sure, he could get help. A nanny, or something. But he doesn’t want help. He wants to spend every waking minute with his baby because he has a baby now. He’s a father, and that’s his baby.He drags the cradle into the bathroom. He leaves the door open so she won’t get too warm. He takes his much-needed shower.Maria doesn’t cry.Tony wraps a towel around his hips while he checks on her. She looks at him with her big eyes for a moment, then falls asleep.Maybe he’s not doing so bad.***Rhodey is the first one to know, obviously. Then Pepper.They don’t ask him if he’s gone crazy; they know him too well for that.Rhodey helps him clean the kitchen while Maria sleeps, and Tony thinks that he should start doing things while Maria sleeps. Instead of just staring at her, terrified of SIDS.The news gets out in a matter of days. Tony told Rhodey he could tell people, if he wanted.All the Avengers—old and new—visit Tony; all of them want to hold Maria and play with her. Some look more doubtful than others at the idea of Tony being a father, or maybe those others are just better at hiding how they really feel. But in the end, they wish him well. Him and M
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidfic
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
Technically lol
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Fix-It
Depression
Post-Break Up
Angst with a Happy Ending
Getting Back Together

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

