Chapter 1: Room Service
    




Chapter Text
Jane was at a movie theatre with her best friend Candace, whom everybody called Candy. They were exiting the theatre after watching the very first showing of Thor: The Dark World. Jane and Candy had decided to make an extravagant experience of it, arranging a hotel room and everything.Two young women amidst the flowing river of people, Candy twisted a strand of her long brown hair around her finger and secured eye contact with Jane. Candy's eyelids lowered a little, and Jane wondered what was on her mind.Still giddy from the movie, Jane asked, "So, what did you think?"Candy cast a sideways glance in the other direction before locking eyes with Jane again. Candy started walking a little closer to Jane, as if she were creating an aura of confidentiality between them. "If I got my hands on that man," Candy began in a low voice. "I would suck him dry and swallow everything he had to give to me."Jane's eyes widened, so startled that she jumped a little, her blonde, shoulder-length curls bouncing slightly. "You – you mean Loki?"A white grin spread across Candy's face. "Duh. Don't you think he's hot?"Jane felt her cheeks burn. After seeing the first Thor movie and then Avengers, she had trouble admitting to herself her attraction to Loki, thinking it was abnormal to like a slender, pale man when so many muscular specimens littered the silver screen. As a woman, Jane always felt an obligation to crush on the brawny heroes, the obvious do-gooders. "I guess so. I mean, I had no idea he was so popular. I thought I was in the minority."Candy laughed loudly, her eyes sparkling. Jane noticed a couple guys look over at Candy, clearly intrigued by Candy's vivaciousness. Although they were best friends, Jane had always envied Candy's extroverted tendencies. Jane, on the other hand, was more of a wallflower, often wishing she had the guts to do the outrageous things that Candy did naturally.Candy put her right arm around Jane's shoulders, a mother hen taking a protégé under her wing. "Janey Janey, you have absolutely no idea, do you?" As they walked, Candy scanned the crowd, then pulled her cell phone out of her pocket. Candy continued talking to Jane as she fixed her eyes upon the cell phone screen. "Hey, are you coming out later with everyone? We are totally getting drunk tonight. No designated drivers allowed. We're taking cabs."Jane smiled. Jane had always been introverted, and often grew tired after excessive social contact. She loved people, of course, but after spending the entire day with friends and then in the jam-packed movie theatre, Jane was looking forward to a hot bath and a glass of wine in her hotel room. "I don't know, I was kind of hoping to just relax back at the hotel. Order room service." Jane added quickly, trying to make her plans sound more glamorous.Candy smirked. "Boo, you whore," she said, and her face erupted in her charming smile again.Jane felt another twinge of envy as she noticed a cute guy checking out Candy. Jane wished she had the power over men that Candy had. The last time Jane had a date was more than a year ago, and it had been with a guy in her university Calculus class. He had stopped texting her back, mysteriously, leaving Jane to wonder what the hell was wrong with herself.As Candy began texting on her cell, Jane's thoughts wandered off. I wonder if there's a guy out there who really wants me?Later that night, back at the hotel room, Jane had waved goodbye to a dolled-up Candy and immediately headed to the washroom to draw a bath for herself. As the water ran, Jane padded back out to the main area of their hotel room, headed for the telephone to order a bottle of white wine and a chocolate sundae from room service.A low, raspy voice answered, distracting Jane for a brief moment."Yes, I'd like to place an order for room service," Jane began, and then listed her desires. After the voice on the other end assured her that her food would be brought up immediately, Jane politely ended the call. As she placed the phone back into its cradle, she had a brief thought about how sexy the voice on the other end had sounded. What is he doing, working for a hotel? He could easily be working for a radio station, or…Jane lost her train of thought as she slipped out of her jeans and t-shirt and into the warm bath. The sweet smell of vanilla wafted from the iridescent bubbles covering the surface of the water. Before the water reached the lip of the tub, Jane turned off the faucet, then lay back to relax.Just as her mind began to tiptoe across the line of unconsciousness, a knock came at the door, jolting Jane out her reverie. Jane jumped out of the bathtub. The lower ends of her blonde curls, darkened with bath oils and water, clung to her shoulders. "Coming!" she called out, realizing she didn't have time to get dressed. Instead, she grabbed a white cotton towel and wrapped it around herself tightly. At first she felt self-conscious about answering the d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Loki Does What He Wants
Avenger Loki
Loki smut
Light BDSM
Dominant Loki
Submissive OFC
Mildly Dubious Consent
Trickster Loki
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Invisible Loki
Library Sex
Snakes
Oral Sex
Dubiously Consensual Blow Jobs
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

