Work Text:
Bucky’s phone rings just as he’s finishing his fifth round of spider solitaire, and he picks up the call as he makes the last moves and wins the game. “Barnes.”“Hey James,” says a woman’s voice. “It’s Mary from fifth. I’m just calling to remind you of your twelve o’clock Q4 evaluation with Mr Rosslyn.”Bucky blinks, then looks at the clock. It’s five minutes to noon, which,  shit,  he’s not only forgotten about his last quarterly evaluation but also about lunch. “Thanks, Mary,” he says, grimacing. “I’ll be right there.”Spider solitaire is Bucky’s downfall: he’d finished and turned in his last project in the morning, and usually his normal routine after wrapping up a project is to close his email and play a couple of rounds while his brain starts working on his next assignment. Except it’s his last day in this job and there are no new projects to start, and by closing his email he’s also closed his calendar that should’ve reminded him of the meeting. Dumb fuck’s luck, honestly.He locks his computer, checks his phone to see if he’s got any Twitter notifications, and quickly scribbles himself a post-it note reminder to text Clint after the meeting. He checks his outfit and hair carefully in the elevator mirror as he’s waiting for it to get to the fifth floor. He’s being vain, and a little stupid maybe, but the last thing he wants is to go see Steve with breakfast muffin grease on his shirt.His plug shifts slightly inside him as he twists to check his ass in the mirror, making him inhale sharply. They’d made tentative plans about Steve coming over after work, despite fooling around barely two days ago. Steve likes it when Bucky’s so well-prepped in advance that he can just lube up and slide in, and Bucky likes it a  lot  when he does that, and that’s why Bucky’s spent the better part of the day wearing his favorite plug. He’d planned on fingering himself more at home before Steve showed up to ensure that he was loose and ready, but he’d completely forgotten about the damn evaluation, so there he goes.Going to a meeting with a toy up his ass isn’t exactly how he imagined his final day in this company to go.Steve isn’t his  boss,  exactly. If anything, he’s the boss of Bucky’s boss, the executive who oversees the whole cyber security department in Bucky’s workplace. They’ve been fooling around - or whatever one calls a string of one-night stands with the same person - for almost three weeks, ever since the company holiday party where Steve kissed him in the restaurant’s bathroom and took him home afterwards. Usually Bucky wouldn’t be the kind of person who sleeps with a coworker, but by then he’d already turned in his notice, so throwing caution to the wind had been surprisingly easy.Bucky had thought it would be a one-time affair, fueled by the liberal spirit of company parties, but Steve had asked for his number, and somehow the one-night stand had turned into a series of them.They don’t really interact at work: Steve does his job somewhere else and rarely comes down to the grunt floor so their paths rarely cross. Bucky  had been lusting after Steve in secret since Steve started, a couple of months before the fateful party, but Bucky’s also a goddamn professional and can keep it under wraps.“Hi Mary,” Bucky says to Steve’s secretary as he reaches her desk, trying hard not to look like he just power walked across the whole floor with an anal plug. “Am I late?”“Nope,” Mary says cheerfully. She’s older than Bucky’s mom and incredibly lovely. Bucky’s gonna miss her once he leaves. “Just on time.” She leans in, pressing the intercom button, and says, “Mr Rosslyn, Mr Barnes is here to see you.”He’s buzzed in almost immediately, and Mary waves at him as he opens the door and slips inside. Steve’s sitting at his desk, the window behind him, typing furiously, and it gives Bucky a perfect chance to ogle him in his work mode.Steve’s wearing a navy dress shirt and a black tie, and - if Bucky knows him at all - probably a pair of expensive, pressed slacks that fit him unfairly well. He’s groomed his beard a little since Bucky saw him last, and the sight of it makes Bucky want to squirm, just a bit.He’s fairly sure he still has beard burn on his ass from Tuesday.Watching him makes Bucky sometimes wonder why the hell Steve bothers with him - Steve’s very easy on the eyes, smart and funny as hell, and absolutely  amazing  in bed. He’s got a place in Manhattan, and suits that probably cost more money than Bucky makes in a month. Bucky’s just barely the athletic kind of lean, with a coif that doesn’t know what it’s doing, and a bad addiction to spider solitaire and Twitter; he’s slumming it with his human disaster flatmate Clint in Bed-Stuy and can afford nice clothes only if they’re on sale and his mom tailors them for him.But then again, he might be a beanpole compared to the muscle madness thing Steve’s got going on, and his hair doesn’t know how to quit, but he’s also one of the leading experts in his field and has 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Mistaken Identity
Daddy Kink
Semi-Public Sex
Office Sex
D/s undertones
Bearded Steve Rogers
Fluff and Smut
Humor
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Anal Plug
Dirty Talk
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Desk Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Undercover Missions
Identity Porn
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

