Chapter 1





Chapter Text
One of the things that T’Challa thought about while he sat by Erik’s side was the look on the man’s face when his mother had responded to his insolent greeting.Erik’s expression had twisted with fury the second that the words had left the Queen Mother’s lips.“You are my relation in name alone. Just as your father was royalty.”The words had barely fazed T’Challa, he’d grown with his mother’s sharp tongue but Erik hadn’t. He’d clung to the words written in his father’s notes, notes that T’Challa now possessed and there wasn’t a single thing there that had ever told the man that N’Jobu was not of their blood, that he was a child the king had taken in and given as much right as his own to the throne.  In one fell swoop Ramonda had yanked the rug from beneath Erik’s feet and his determination became almost frenzied instead of the cold and calculated approach T’Challa had observed before.Even at the end Erik had clung to the idea but the fact that the foundation of Erik’s approach had been a lie hadn’t stopped the trials because N’Jobu wasn’t blood but he was royalty…like his mother had said, in name.Pressing his fingers above his eye sockets T’Challa rubbed gently at the beginning throb of a headache.There had been angry words and even colder silences when the council had learned of T’Challa’s plans to keep Erik alive but he refused to back down.Erik deserved to live. He deserved a chance to see the life that he’d been promised. He deserved to know his people and where he’d come from…to see more than just one sunset.The man’s words…his demands to be buried in the ocean had clawed open a hole in T’Challa’s chest, one that was slowly filling the longer he watched Erik rest and recover.“He’s not going to wake up before I let him so could you please stop haunting my lab?” Shuri huffed, eying the flickering vitals above Erik’s body.“It’s quiet here,” T’Challa responded honestly and Shuri snorted at that.  “Barely,” she muttered as she sat on the empty stool by Erik’s feet. “I don’t know if it’s in my head but I swear I can hear the council from here.”“Bast willing they’ll lose their voices soon,” T’Challa muttered, his lips quirking into a small smile when Shuri cackled.The sound trailed off and in the silence T’Challa could feel his little sister staring at him.“Do you think you did the right thing?” Shuri asked.T’Challa lifted his head only to find Shuri staring at Erik. “He tried to kill you. He killed Zuri.”The words made rage swell in T’Challa’s gut but he swallowed it down. Zuri had known what he was doing when he offered himself up to Erik…in some ways the man must have seen it as penance for a secret that should never have been hidden.“He did,” he agreed because there was nothing else he could say.“Then why are we saving him?” Shuri implored her eyes filled with tears.It was easy to forget that Shuri was little more than a child. Her intelligence, enthusiasm and wisdom often meant that her age was the last thing that people looked at.Reaching out T’Challa waited until she grasped his hand before offering her a small smile.“Because it is the right thing to do, he should never have been left behind and while that was not your mistake or mine, we are in a position to correct the wrong our father did.”“What if he tries to hurt you again?” Shuri demanded with a frown.“Then I will accept any punishment you think he deserves but only if he hurts me,” he grinned at her scowl. “I am not easily hurt.”Shuri scoffed, yanking her hand from his but not before aiming a kick at his shins that he allowed her because he deserved it…also he was wearing the boots she’d made him so he didn’t feel a thing.“The council will want him controlled,” Shuri pointed out and T’Challa laced his fingers together.“They want him caged but I will give him a leash instead,” he muttered.“And where exactly will you find this leash?”The demand in Shuri’s voice made T’Challa grin. It’d been a while since he’d worked with his little sister on a project but he had not doubt that between the two of them they’d come up with something.*O*“Have you lost your mind?” Ramonda hissed, yanking T’Challa into her private rooms, away from prying ears.King or not, he went willingly because his mother’s ire was something to be avoided at all costs.“Please,” T’Challa implored but his mother was having none of it.“You would save a man that tried to kill you.”“He failed,” T’Challa added sotto voce but Ramonda jus barrelled over him.“He ripped my heart from my chest for the second time,” she snarled even though the hand that she reached out with was gentle and T’Challa leaned into her palm as she rested it against his cheek. “I could not breathe, I watched him kill you. I watched you die and you want him to walk freely in my presence? You want me to smile and pretend that I’m pleased when a murderer stands in my presence?”T’Challa clenched his eyes tight at the pain in her voice, forcing himself to breathe as he stepped back.“I’m asking you t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Not Related
There's A Tag For That
I'm crying
Blood and Violence
fighting isn't flirting you idiots
Pray for mandla
Racism
Erik has no chill
SO MUCH SHADE
Shuri has no time for your foolishness Erik
T'Challa has no chill
Child Abuse
Drug Addiction
Survivor Guilt
Implied Relationships
Minor Loki/Tony Stark
Homophobia
Transphobia
Mental Health Issues
Child Abandonment

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

