Work Text:
Thor tilted his head as he took in the teen in front of him, long legs, slender torso, pretty face, pretty eyes, and long dark hair curling gently around a fine boned face. He was vaguely aware that he was only half paying attention to the words coming out of the pretty mouth, far preferring the idea of it being busy in other areas which required far fewer of his faculties. His voice was as pretty as the rest of him: low, smooth, clearly well educated, even as it trembled with nerves as he tried to convince Thor to allow him to rent. Thor realised momentarily that he had drifted too far from the conversation and had completely lost its thread, distracted by his attraction to the young man before him. He pulled himself back to the present, back to his job. He forced himself to listen, straightening in his chair, pulling himself closer to the desk where the paperwork lay.“I- I don’t have any references or a guarantor, but I have a job at the bar down the street, and you can inspect the flat whenever you want. I just really need somewhere to live.” He gazed at the elegantly furrowed brow, and the way he bit down on his reddened lower lip, clear signs of stress. Thor knew of the bar, knew that it discretely employed a great many runaways, which he assumed was the case of the one in front of him. He wondered for a moment where he had been living, he was clean but his clothes were crumpled, probably some shithole motel in the cheaper and far more dangerous parts of the city. Despite their condition, the clothes were far nicer than a great many people in his situation, fitting his body well, almost tailored looking. He frowned, he swore he could see the trace of what had been a large bruise shadowing Loki’s slender throat, he was almost able to see finger shapes lining the area. Definitely a run away, probably had been from a wealthy family, and he weighed the possibility of the police searching for him, of the potential consequences of harbouring him as he hid. Thor considered him again, shifting slightly as his cock hardened, felt it pressing eagerly against the zipper of his trousers, he was truly tempted by the figure before him, could easily picture him sprawled beneath him in his bed. How those long legs would spread around his hips, knew the feeling of sharp hipbones beneath his hands, how Loki would submit so beautifully as he worked him open for his cock… He resisted the urge to squirm as arousal pulsed through him, and he felt a rush of gratefulness for the desk disguising his lower half. He watched as hopeful green eyes peered up at him from under dark lashes, and felt his resolve to turn the kid away crumble a little. He heaved a heavy sigh, spinning his chair from side to side with one foot, slipping a pen into his mouth to chew thoughtfully as he willed his burgeoning erection away, filling his mind with paperwork and legal issues instead of miles of imagined pale skin, and he felt himself slowly beginning to soften. “Well,” He paused, waiting for the beauty before him to provide a name, and smiled charmingly as he quickly filled in the gap, “Loki, I think I can give you somewhere to live. There’s an attic flat which is available, reduced price due to it being unfurnished, you interested?”He smiled benevolently as Loki, he treasured the name in his mind considering the perfect fit which it had for the young man before him, grinned, eyes lighting up with joy and relief, shoulders relaxing as a worry was shed. He waited patiently for a response, there was really only one option which would come from the boy in front of him, his desperate need for shelter was evident in everything he did.
“You- You won’t regret this, sir. I appreciate it so much, I’ve been looking for so long…” His eyes filled with tears, making the colour glow even brighter.  His lower lip trembled slightly, tears spilling slightly, and being wiped away viciously. “When can I…?”Thor hummed thoughtfully, purposefully pretending to be absorbed with paperwork instead of watching Loki cry, deciding to play up the inconvenience of providing the kid with kindness. “I would usually require a week, especially when working off the books like this…” He trailed off, watching as Loki paled significantly, shoulders hunching inwards. Very desperate, he thought, vulnerable. “But I believe I could let you in today if I put a rush on this, if that’s alright by you?”He warmed again as Loki’s face broke into a gratefulness so deep it was almost worshipful, and he nodded vigorously, lightly curled hair bouncing prettily around his face. Thor ached to tangle his hands in the locks and pull Loki into his embrace, to take in all that trusting innocence as closely as possible, as though he could absorb that through skin contact alone. He licked his lips before deciding to ask an important question, a vital one, “How old are you, kid? If you don’t mind me asking.”Loki froze, hands grasping at the backpack reflexively before he shifted them down to pr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Somnophilia
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Thor is around 30
Loki is seventeen
Impregnation
Breeding
Drugged Sex
Dark Thor (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

