Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter was sitting at his desk, doodling absently in the margins of his notebook when his Spanish teacher went suddenly silent. It took a second to register as odd in Peter’s mind, and he looked up. He followed the teacher’s nervous gaze to the door, and standing there was an impassive Bucky, his arms crossed.“Can… can I help you?” the teacher asked, wide-eyed.“I’m here for Peter. Doctor’s appointment.”“Okay,” the teacher said slowly, turning to Peter, who hadn’t moved in favor of studying Bucky’s expression. Why was he here? Something must have happened. Bucky raised his eyebrows, motioning for Peter to hurry the hell up. Peter fumbled with his notebook, shoving it in his bag and slinging it over his shoulder. He nearly tripped over his chair, and there were a few titters as he scurried to the door. He fell into step with Bucky in the hall, releasing his confusion.“Why are you here? What happened? Is everyone okay?”“You have a doctor’s appointment,” Bucky said, giving Peter an unimpressed look.“I… what? Really? No I don’t.”“Pepper reminded you last week.”“No she di…” Peter trailed off, the memory of Pepper informing him that he had his annual physical popping up in the back of his mind. “Oh.”“Oh,” Bucky repeated, sounding ever-so-faintly amused. “Is right.”“Wait, how come you’re taking me? Aren’t you… not really a fan of doctors?”“Banner’s alright.”Peter wasn’t sure if that was supposed to be a joke. “Pepper got stuck in a meeting. She’ll meet us there,” Bucky said. Peter nodded, pushing one of the the front doors open and holding it for Bucky, who looked briefly surprised before stepping outside. They hopped down the concrete steps to the curb, where a car was waiting. Bucky took a breath before climbing in, and Peter followed. Bucky’s shoulders were taut and drawn up as the car started to move; Peter watched him with concern.“You didn’t have to pick me up.”“Wanted to,” Bucky said.“But you hate cars. And doctors. And… people.”Bucky shrugged, though it was more of a clenching of his muscles that were already incredibly tense to begin with. “It’s fine.”Peter looked dubious, and Bucky let out a little huff.“How was school.”“Well… My new chemistry teacher is cool. I like her a lot. She lets us do fun labs, like making foam by decomposing hydrogen peroxide. Oh, and she let us make slime the day after our unit test! It was awesome! Except this one kid, he used too much food coloring and his hands got stained blue, like… really blue. It looked like he’d been puked on by a smurf or something. And the guy that sits next to me is actually nice, like, he says hi to me and stuff!” Peter paused for breath to find that the lines in Bucky’s face weren’t as deep, and his shoulders had lowered minutely. “Is Flash still bothering you.”Peter shook his head. “No. Well, not really. He still calls me Penis sometimes, but I don’t care about that. It’s fine, I swear.”Bucky made a discontented sound, but didn’t argue. “I’m in a different gym class now, so I don’t see him in the locker room. Things are better, really.”Bucky nodded. Peter fiddled absently with his earbuds in his pocket, glancing out the window as the car slowed and came to a stop. Bucky pitched himself out onto the sidewalk, sucking in a few big breaths of fresh air, clearly relieved to be out of the confined space. Peter trotted around the car; Bucky rested a hand on his shoulder, steering him into the pediatrician’s office that he’d been coming to since he was a child. A nurse walked by in scrubs, and Bucky tried to cover a flinch.“You don’t have to stay,” Peter told him. “Pepper’s probably going to be here soon.”Bucky didn’t reply, just edged closer to Peter. A few tiny beads of sweat were visible below his hairline. Peter couldn’t imagine why Bucky would torture himself by forcing himself to stay in a doctor’s office, but he doubted he could do anything about it.“Good, you’re early,” someone said, and Bucky visibly coiled before relaxing at the sight of Pepper. “Barnes, you didn’t have to come in.”“S’fine,” said Bucky gruffly. A door creaked loudly and he twitched, his fingers spasming on Peter’s shoulder.“Go outside,” Pepper told him, firm but not ordering. Bucky shook his head stiffly, and Pepper touched his arm. “Peter’s just fine with me. It’s only a checkup. It won’t take more than half an hour.”Bucky didn’t say anything; he glared at Pepper, who didn’t waver.“Nothing’s going to happen, Barnes. Go outside. You have to take care of yourself.”“Mission, protect,” Bucky grunted. “Not leaving.”“I can protect him. He’s safe.”A doctor strode by, and Bucky seized up. He let out a sharp breath, grinding his teeth together. He was shaking slightly. Pepper ran her hand down his arm.“Go on, Barnes. We’ll be just fine.”Bucky closed his eyes for a moment, his jaw painfully tight. When he reopened them, he looked defeated. He glanced around before pulling a tiny knife from his sleeve and tucking it into Pepper’s purse. He then took out a small s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Protective Bucky Barnes
Parent Pepper Potts
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Superfamily
Fluff
Angst
Owlet's OCs are the best
Nightmares
Guilt
Late-night coffee runs
Anxiety
Art Included!

fandom: 
Peter Parker & James "Bucky" Barnes
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

