Work Text:
Bucky was going to fucking kill Fury.
Stevie would be so disappointed in him, considering he had been trying so hard to put his murderous past behind him.  Well, more like his mindless murderous past.  Bucky had no reserves against killing anyone who threaten his mates or his pack, even if it made Steve all grumpy and upset.
Fury was defiantly someone who Bucky would have no problem murdering, although just killing Fury might not be the most ideal option.  No, that would be too good for the eye patch wearing bastard.  Maybe torture?  Although it could be hard to break the SHIELD director, Bucky was nothing but persistent, and god damnit did the man deserve it for taking advantage of the super soldier.
Bucky had lived almost all of his life as a soldier, either working in the army, being a world renown assassin, and finally becoming a special agent for SHIELD.  In reality, Bucky loved what he did.  He loved finally being able to work towards peace, to be able to bring down the organization that had caused him years of torture and heartache.  He would always be thankful towards the Avengers, towards his mates, and towards even Furry for helping him through the worst times of his life.
Bucky was still going to kill Fury for extending his last mission for a whole god damn month though.
To a normal agent at SHIELD, mission extensions weren’t necessarily a hardship nor unexpected.  Missions, especially ones regarding HYDRA, were incredibly unpredictable and agents had been known to have a mission estimated to a week last longer than a whole year.  To Bucky though, the extension had been the worse news he could have heard while away from his pack.  Why? Because he had missed an entire month of his mate’s pregnancy.
Years ago, when Bucky had originally been reunited with Steve and the other Avengers the elephant in the room had always been if Bucky and Steve would continue their old relationship.  The situation was made even more strenuous due to the relationship Steve was currently in with the team’s only other omega, Tony Stark.  It had been incredibly awkward at first, Tony stubbornly refusing to talk to either super soldier and spending most his time hiding in his lab or going on business trips which suddenly were extremely important for him to attended.  Steve spent most his time sulking, mopping around the tower or punching through the towers supply of punching bags.  He was completely torn between his new omega and his old alpha, and all Steve really wanted to do was cry in frustration.  Unlike Tony and Steve, Bucky spent the first few weeks of his return working through his avalanche of emotions.  After horrible hours of therapy, and when he finally felt more like Bucky Barnes and less like a killing machine, Bucky had also decided the best way to handle the odd love triangle he’d been thrusted was to ignore it all together.  In his own mind, Bucky was still just a broken man out of time, and he had no right coming between a relationship which was going great until his arrival. 
It was eventually Natasha who had enough of the three’s incompetence.  Working along side Bruce and Cling, the three of them had somehow convinced JARVIS to go against Tony’s strict orders to avoid the super soldiers, a protocol he had justly appropriately named “Operation Hide and Seek”.  With her accomplices, Natasha had lured Bucky, Steve, and Tony into the Avengers gym.  Leaving strict instructions for JARVIS to not let them out until they, ‘stopped being complete fucking idiots and make out already’.
After being stuck in the gym for a solid 12 hours, the three had finally come to a solution to their issue.  Negotiating a polyamorous relationship had been more than uncomfortable, and navigating each others triggers and issues seemed impossible at times.  Steve was just too damn stubborn, never wanting to leave issues to rest and causes minuscule arguments to be blown far out of proportion.  Bucky was still too consumed by the guilt of his past deeds, often pushing Steve and Tony away to avoid eventually hurting them.  Tony was still too insecure about his part in a relationship which had its start years before he was even born and was unwilling to discuss his feelings and limits for their relationship.
Despite all of the struggles, issues, fights, tears, and heartache, a year and a half later when Bucky finally asked both omegas to become his mates none of them had any regrets.
Five months after their wedding, when Tony announced he was pregnant with a cheesy joke involving spaghetti and some sauce that was ironically named Prego, Bucky had almost completely lost it.  It was the first time in Bucky’s life he could remember where the tears streaming down his face was because he was so overcome with happiness.  Steve hadn’t fared any better, running around the room in his excitement like some new born puppy and almost squishing Tony with the force of his hugs.
Despite the happy news, the beginning of Tony’s pregnancy had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Insecure Tony
Omega Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
mpreg tony
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Shy Tony Stark
I'm Bad At Titles
Insecure Tony Stark
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

