Work Text:
This could have gone better. It really, really could have gone so much better. Tony’s wings trembled minutely against his will and the low, vicious sounding snarl the Winter Soldier released had every single Avenger tensing in preparation for further violence.He needed to calm the Soldier down but the Soldier refused to back down from his position in front of Tony who was still very much restrained.It was not how he would have chosen to spend his Saturday.Well he wouldn’t mind being tied up if it was in the comfort of a bedroom and the one tying him up was a certain blue-grey eyed assassin. Bucky and the Winter Soldier were excellent with knots and Tony always loved the intensity in their gaze whenever they went a bit kinkier in the bedroom. It didn’t matter which one was in control but right now the one steering the ship was far too bloodthirsty for public consumption.“Snowflake?”They were not succeeding in talking him down and Bucky was nowhere in sight. Tony had watched him disappear in a flash of burning fury as the Winter Soldier had surged to the front, cold rage and deadly intent, the instant he’d noticed that Tony had been swarmed by Hydra agents.Hydra agents who were now very dead Hydra agents and staining the grass of Central Park.The wings that were arched high in threat tensed. Tony watched him shift slightly. It looked like it was up to him to provide some kind of distraction to calm the Soldier down enough that the Winter Soldier let Bucky take the reins back.Or at the very least do something so the Winter Soldier might be a bit less homicidal. What worked once should, in theory, work again.He made sure his voice was pitiful, his eyes big and liquid in a way that Rhodey always groaned at whenever he saw them, as he leaned forward with a pleading edge to his tone. “Can you get these off? I’m losing feeling in my hands.” He paused for effect, “It hurts, Snowflake.” In the face of that tone it seemed the knowledge of Tony’s more durable self was forgotten.In seconds his bindings had been discarded and Tony rubbed his wrists as Extremis went to work, letting his wings shudder and speak for him, as the Soldier looked him over with a critical eye. His wings were still arched high but now they had positioned themselves in such a way as to shield Tony from view. That probably wasn’t helping the already tense atmosphere as the Avengers lost visual of him.
It’s been awhile since I’ve caused a scandal...
The thought flitted through his head as he shifted and silently thanked Bucky for being a kinky fucker. He could still feel the plug that Bucky had pushed in –love having you walking around all sloppy and wet for me, Doll— after a few hours of very enjoyable sex.He reached up, wings shifting into a position to signal interest, as he tugged at the Soldier’s jacket. “Please.” His wings spread and lowered, submissive and showing interest, as he watched the fury shift to heat. Arousal coiled low in his gut as his cock hardened in response to the pure hunger in the Winter Soldier’s gaze. Tony tugged him down and pressed their lips together in a needy, heated kiss that the Soldier surged into.Strong hands hauled him up effortlessly. Tony melted into the hold, eyes sliding closed and body going pliant, while the Soldier dominated the kiss and sent arousal burning through him.At least his scandalous idea felt really, really good.This time.“Oh fuck no.” could be heard behind them but Tony paid them no mind. He was on a mission of his own and it was to distract the Winter Soldier from losing his shit. Talking hadn’t relaxed him enough for Bucky to take back control and Tony knew that fucking always left him with a relaxed, sated assassin who was, more often than not, interested in multiple rounds and, to Tony’s absolute surprise, cuddling.He didn’t protest when knowing hands stripped him, easily lifting him and then laying him out on the grass, before the Soldier turned to his pants. At least this was happening in Central Park because Tony couldn’t imagine the pain getting fucked on the sidewalk or street would cause his poor skin despite Extremis enabling faster healing.Or a rooftop. Those things could be sharp as fuck depending on what they had used during construction.“Seriously? Fucking seriously?” that one was Clint.Tony yanked the Soldier down the second he’d dealt with his pants so his long, thick cock was freed. He reached down and tugged the plug out, moving it out of the way, as the Winter Soldier pressed him down so a solid wall of warmth pinned him in place. Powerful wings arched high in a possessive, protective display while Tony’s own wings were laid out on the grass exposing his vulnerable undersides to the Soldier between his legs.It was absolutely a submissive pose and something he’d only ever done for one other person.His head shoved back against the grass as that gloriously thick cock pushed into him and started to spread him wide open to accommodate the Soldier’s impressive size. It a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
The Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Established Bucky Barnes/Tony Stark
Possessive Winter Soldier
protective winter soldier
Wingfic
Wings
Public Sex
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
(though technically it's...)
Top Winter Soldier
Butt Plugs
Barebacking
Extremis Tony Stark
Established Relationship
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Not Iron Man 3 Compliant
Canon-Typical Violence
Hydra (Marvel)
Smut
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
The Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

