Work Text:
Airports suck. They suck time, fun, and energy. Sure, Steve could do something productive, but there really isn’t much to do when you’re waiting to board your plane. Most people pass the time on their phones but Steve has had enough with trying to knock the pigs down in Angry Birds. He stretches his legs out in the cramped seat, and starts watching the people around him, in a totally non-creepy way.There’s a girl in pigtails running around a row of chairs. Nearby, a woman is using Facetime on her phone to talk, while the man a couple of seats away shoots irritated glances at her as he types on his laptop. Steve sighs, turning back to his phone. Maybe he could play a game Tony’s been bothering him to try? He’s about to do just that when something catches his eye.It’s a graphic print tee. Steve prefers his shirts plain (and two sizes too small), but the one in question is well, unique. It isn’t a witty quote or a minimalist design—it’s a large bumble bee plastered on a gray shirt.Steve cranes his neck. The shirt in full reads,  The Bee Whisperer , and huh, he didn’t know that was a thing. He’s watched bits of the Dog Whisperer with Clint, but he’s never heard about bees. What would that even entail?His eyes drift upwards to see a hint of stubble, gray eyes, and dark hair. His heart does a funny flip in his chest.He stares. And okay, he knows it’s not polite to stare, Sarah Rogers didn’t raise him to be rude, but damn—that is the most beautiful man he’s ever seen. He’s reading a book, but Steve doesn’t bother to try and figure out what exactly it is. His eyes track the man’s profile, and all Steve can think is  prettyprettyprettypretty .His mantra, however, is interrupted when the guy looks up, somehow immediately finding Steve’s gaze. Steve’s cheeks heat up, but when a slow smirk stretches across the guy’s face, he can’t find it in himself to look away.They stare at each other. It feels like ages, but it’s probably only minutes, seconds even. Sam, sitting on Steve’s right, lets out a whispered cheer, jostling him when he raises his hands above his head. “Take that, pigs!”The guy in the bee shirt lifts a hand up from his book and gives a little wave at Steve.Steve takes a deep breath, stands, and ambles over.
 Be cool, Steve. 
That’s when he's ambushed by the little girl in pigtails, running right into his stomach.She falls, and loud, wailing cries immediately pierce the air.Oh God. Steve’s injured a child. He's injured a child with his goddamned supersoldier muscles. Steve looks around, panicked, wondering how many people are witnessing the incident. He spots Hot Guy staring at him with wide eyes.After a shocked moment, Hot Guy starts chuckling. Steve can  hear it. It doesn't sound mean or anything, but still, it's the sound of his complete and utter humiliation.Cheeks burning, he bends down to check on the kid.“Jeez, I'm so sorry! You're just... so small. How did you not see me?” Realizing he probably shouldn’t be asking these questions of a child, he wracks his brain, searching for something to say. He's no good with kids. They always cry around him, something he still has very vivid memories of from when he was on the USO tour.“Hey, hey, how’d you like to meet the Falcon?” The crying doesn’t stop. “He’s a cool guy. He’s got wings. Flies around and everything! Yeah?” She keeps crying, big rivulets of tears streaming down her cheeks and onto her dress. “Uh, the Black Widow? Hawkeye? They’re not here right now but… uhm, Falcon is?”  Still no dice. “Er... Captain America?"The little girl takes a deep breath and stares at him, bottom lip clenched between her teeth, big doe eyes shining. She’s stopped the loud sobbing, at least. But now she’s just looking at Steve like he's an alien with two heads. He casts about, desperate for help. Of which Sam’s providing absolutely  none  , he's just sitting there shaking his head at Steve, obviously trying not to laugh. Where  is this kid’s mother?“Hey, look at the bee on that guy’s shirt. It’s a cool bee, right?” Steve says, desperate.The little girl’s lip trembles.A tall woman finally rushes forward and crouches next to her. “Oh my God! Alexia, are you okay?”Of course, this is the moment the kid decides to burst into tears. Again. “Oh no, honey. It's okay,” her mom wraps her up in a hug. “It was just an accident.”She looks up at Steve. “I'm so sorry, she wasn't looking—oh my God. You're—”Steve rubs at his neck, feeling the heat rise. “Yes, I am, ma’am. Please don't apologise. I didn't see her,”—because she came out of  nowhere— “it's all my fault. If there's anything I can do…?”“Oh no,” she demurs. But then she stops to reconsider. “Actually, could we—” she looks down at her daughter, who's now quieted again (Steve wonders if there are on and off switches for these tiny humans) and is looking at Steve with wide brown eyes. “Could we get a photo with you?”“Sure!” Steve steals a glance at Hot Guy (he can’t help it, it’s like his eyes have grown magnets) while he m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
POV Steve Rogers
Meet-Cute
AIRPORT MEET-CUTE
Fluff
Fluff and Humor
Bees
Engineer Bucky Barnes
bee puns
The Avengers Ship It
don't fuck the bees

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

