Chapter 1: Never A Burden
    




Chapter Text
 Tony Stark had never wanted kids.It had been a fact he’d known for as long as he could remember. At first, it had been because he felt claustrophobic just thinking about being tied down to a tiny human for 18+ years. It wasn’t just any tiny human, either. It was a tiny human version of himself. As far as he was aware, nobody wanted that, least of all him. And once he became Iron Man, he knew that his life was far too dangerous to involve a child in. Even if a tiny part of him had wanted to.It’s for the best, he had told himself. He wasn’t the kind of person you’d want as a father, anyway.So, no, kids just weren’t a part of Tony Stark’s life plan.And then he met Peter Parker, and all that went straight out the window.At first, he’d tried to distance himself from the kid. The second he’d felt his stomach drop and his face go numb as the sight of the teenager getting vaulted across the airport in Germany, he’d known that he was getting way to attached way too quickly. So Tony Stark had done what Tony Stark does best: avoid the issue.He’d assigned Happy to Peter, knowing that the man would keep the reckless kid as safe. From then on, he’d planned on staying as far away from the teenager as possible.Attachment to anyone could only mean disaster. The Civil War and Siberia had taught him that.But then Peter had gotten dropped into a lake. And then he broke a ferry. And then he crashed Tony’s own damn plane and almost died for it.At that point, Tony decided that the “hands off” approach wasn’t really working for them.He’d decided that the most obvious fix would be to offer the kid a place in the Avengers. He’d be able to train with, live with, and learn from what was left of the Earth’s Mightiest Heroes. If there was ever any position from which Tony could keep the kid safe, it was with him swaddled right in the center of the Compound. It was, as far as Tony was concerned, the perfect solution.But then the kid had surprised him, again, and rejected the offer. What kind of teenager wouldn’t agree to join a group of fucking superheroes?Apparently, the kid that Tony had somehow found himself responsible for. Wonderful.So Peter had said no, and then his aunt had promptly discovered the true nature of Peter’s… afterschool activities, Tony was forced to scramble up a different plan.And after being suitably chastised by Peter’s aunt, he’d done just that.Every other Friday, Happy would pick Peter up from school and bring him back to the Compound. The kid would spend the weekend with Tony, working in the lab, training with Vision and Rhodey, and learning exactly what it means to be a superhero.Tony spent the hours before Peter arrived that first Friday telling himself, repeatedly, that he would not allow his relationship with Peter be anything more than strictly professional.And then the kid bounced into the lab, eyes bright and smile wide, and Tony’s heart decided differently.Just four months later, and Peter had become constant in Tony’s life that he couldn’t imagine losing.He had decided not to sell the Tower, in the end. If anyone asked, Tony told them that it was a prime real estate spot and so he had chosen to keep it in his back pocket, just in case. In reality, it was so that he would have a place to stay that was closer to the kid.He spent most of his time there now, and he spent quite a lot of that time with Peter.When he’d first returned from Siberia, the emptiness of the Tower had haunted him. It was the prime reason he’d originally wanted to sell it. The walls felt vacant where there used to be liveliness, and with Vision at the Compound and Rhodey at a rehab facility, the silence had driven Tony mad. The perfectly polished countertops and the undisturbed couches punched the breath out of him every time he entered a room.And then Peter had waltzed into his life, and all of that had changed.Tony had moved back into the Tower, much to Happy and the rest of his staff’s chagrin, and the kid had started coming over in between his biweekly Compound visits. It had been a tentative thing at first, since neither Tony nor Peter was entirely sure where they stood following the ferry incident. After a while, however, the billionaire had become accustomed to F.R.I.D.A.Y. informing him that Peter had crawled through a window and was doing his homework on his couch. If he was out, he’d just call the kid and tell him what ice cream flavor was in the fridge that week. If he was in his lab, he’d wander up and sit with him, occasionally offering help on a difficult math problem or science concept while doing some paperwork.If you looked around the Tower, there was evidence of Peter even when the kid himself was absent. Pencils stuck between couch cushions, sticky notes littering the coffee table, a permanent stash of apple juice and pickles in the fridge, half finished puzzles or Lego sets on the counters, a beaten up hoodie hanging on the coat rack.It was nice. It was comforting. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Domestic Fluff
Fluff
One Shot Collection
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
seriously
get you a best friend like our boy Ned

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

