Chapter 1: First Meeting
    




Chapter Text

When Peter Parker first met Shuri of Wakanda, it was friendship at first sight. After badgering Tony about letting him tag along to the Avengers Compound for two weeks of negotiations, his mentor finally caved. Peter couldn’t wait to meet a real king, and Tony couldn’t wait for Peter’s incessant begging to stop. 
T’Challa stepped off his jet, if you could even call his souped up Wakandan technology a mere jet, while his sister bounced down the runway. She repositioned a large backpack over her shoulders as she shook the hours of travel off her body. She and Peter both locked eyes and then gazed down at each other’s shirts.“Yooooo!” they both shouted with glee. Peter marvelled at her pale blue t-shirt with the word NERD embossing the NASA logo. Shuri, meanwhile, chuckled at Peter’s “The physics is theoretical but the fun is real” shirt.“We need to hang out,” Shuri demanded, looping her arm around Peter’s and dragging him across the tarmac back to the Tower. “Have fun with the boring stuff, brother!” she called over her shoulder.“Don’t you want to see Mr. Stark’s lab?” T’Challa asked.Shuri paused and glanced at the Compound. “Meh, I’ve probably already invented it,” she shrugged.“Shuri!” T’Challa shouted. Shuri merely waved as she and Peter dashed back inside.Tony chuckled. “Let ‘em go,” he said. “They’re just kids, what’s the worst that could happen?” He paused and considered Peter’s previous shenanigans. He wasn’t comforted when he looked over and saw T’Challa’s eyebrows wrinkle nervously.“Umm…” Tony began.“We should probably…” T’Challa added as he started a quick pace towards the Compound.“Check on them,” Tony finished.They both broke out into a run to catch up to the mischievous teens.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Shuri
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Gamora/Peter Quill
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Science Bros
Precious Peter Parker
Genius Shuri (Marvel)
Awesome Shuri (Marvel)
T'Challa (Marvel) Is a Good Bro
Protective Tony Stark
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Characters Playing Pokemon GO
New York City
Planning Adventures
Post-Avengers Asgard
Soft M'Baku (Marvel)
Post-Doctor Strange (2016)
Outer Space
Protective Peter Quill
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Shuri
Tony Stark & T'Challa
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Gamora/Peter Quill
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

