Chapter 1: how we find our girl...
    


Summary:

Darcy's had a bad night, what will her boys do to fix it?





Chapter Text
Darcy was curled up on the couch in the common room, hiding in her earbuds with her music when she felt a thick thigh bump her own. Wrapped in a long cardigan wearing a rare calf length dress she wasn’t in the mood to talk so without opening her eyes, she moved her legs a minute bit closer to her side of the couch. When she felt two strong arms lift her legs and place them on a lap, she opened one eye in curiosity and spied Steve Rogers looking at her with a face was full of open bemusement and worry. It was hard ignoring the concerned face of America, but Darcy had become a fucking pro. Steve Rogers had somehow become the person she was most comfortable with in Tower followed in close second by his partner in crime, Bucky Barnes.It didn’t make a bit of sense, Darcy was all modern, tech at her fingertips every second, a curse word on her lips just as soon as she’d breathe. But she and Steve gravitated towards each other, a man out of time and a normal woman who just seemed out of place. She loved to hear him speak in his natural forties cadence and for some reason, she was the only female he could stand blatant cursing from, he thought it was her vehemence and verve and creativity she used or the maybe it  was fact that she reminded him of his army days. No one could figure out how she avoided the “Captain America disapproves of you” looks. It was like her magical power. Steve took her seriously when the rest the tower assumed she was being Jane's flighty lab assistant, Darcy somehow knew how to talk him down when the memories became physical things he just couldn’t fight. Steve helped her be a port in the storm for Erik Selvig when S.H.I.E.L.D put him out to pasture after Loki, reconnecting her to Clint Barton, so they’d have support for what they’d experienced.When the Winter Soldier showed up on SHIELD’s radar, Steve went off the grid. He kept contact with Darcy though. All those years of living with superheroes and technical geniuses and spies had sunk in despite herself. She shed the tears that Steve couldn’t when the Winter Solder was unmasked and it was James Buchanan Barnes. She held him after every visit to medical, to containment. She was there after every “status briefing” that eventually revealed that the WSC didn’t want to deprogram James Barnes, they wanted to reprogram the Winter Soldier. It was Darcy who called him Buchanan when he could barely be able to stand being called Bucky by Cap. And it was Darcy who broke the news to the Avengers with what the World Security Council was attempting to do. Widow and Bruce would have been enough at the next status briefing, but the entire roster of the Avengers quickly changed the WSC’s collective mind.She felt his hands begin to stroke her legs from ankles to calves, not taking advantage, just offering comfort. Then his hands drifted down the tops of her feet, slowly, then with no warning whatsoever he started tickling her. He started with her feet and worked his way up to the back of her knees and then her stomach. He was relentless and she knew what he wanted, but she didn’t give in squealing and shrieking until he went after that spot in between her ribs.“Uncle,” Darcy shouted. “Uncle, dammit, Steve, can’t you just let a girl sulk in peace?”Steve grabbed her and lifted her into his lap sideways and wrapped his arms around her waist. “Can’t let my best girl mope without telling me why, Lewis. Fess up, Darcy doll.” He said with a smile. “Always wanna make you feel better.”Bucky walked in just as casually dressed as Steve was, a tank top and low slung sweatpants. “I heard the cries of my favorite pistol. What’d I miss?” he said draping his frame sideways over the recliner. Darcy knew he’d heard her as soon as she started to make noise, but Buchanan always let Steve soften her up, especially when she was in a mood.James Buchanan Barnes was a surprise in and of himself. Darcy believed that once Steve had his real best friend back instead of his twenty-first century consolation prize, she’d be left by the wayside. He stopped that idea real quick, and made what was once a duo a trio. Buchanan was in turns exactly and nothing like Steve. Where the Captain radiated with some sort of inner light, no matter what bloody battles he had to fight, Bucky exuded a sort of captivating provocative darkness no matter how silly he was being. And the actuality of growing up with Bucky Barnes explained a lot about how Steve dealt with Darcy Lewis. They were in turns, two of the most surprising, kind, dangerous men Darcy had ever known and she found herself absurdly glad that she was lucky enough to be able to share in their unique friendship.That didn’t mean she didn’t want to share in her latest life failure.“I don’t think telling the most attractive men on the fact of the planet that the guy I was setup was an asshat who showed up late, and hal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Implied Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Failed Date
OT3
OT3 friendship
Polyamory
Friends to Lovers
Threesome - F/M/M

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Implied Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers

