Work Text:
Steve hates his bi-annual checkup. “Mr. Rogers?” Nurse Grace calls, and he inhales sharply before standing up to follow her into the back.He answers the standard “how are you doing today?” and “is there anything you want to mention to the doctor?” questions, and he tries not to fidget, but it’s hard to keep still.He’s just getting so wet. He doesn’t know why he’s like this. His omega friends all roll their eyes when they talk about their checkups and complain how uncomfortable they are, or how cold the doctor’s hands are, or how invasive the whole thing is, but Steve …“Please take off all your clothes and put this on with the opening in the front,” Nurse Grace says, handing him a flimsy robe, and it’s all he can do to look her in the eyes as he nods and smiles awkwardly. “Dr. Stark will be in in a few minutes.”As soon as the door closes, he gets undressed, hiding the dance belt he specifically bought for this in his jeans and then detaching his heat pad as quietly as possible before wrapping it in paper towels and throwing it into the biohazard waste. He can’t believe he has to wear a pad to his checkup, but he would literally leak through his clothes otherwise.He sits down gingerly, the paper crinkling underneath him, and he makes sure the robe is loose around him so he won’t have to move it for the first part of the exam. Then he tucks the sheet around his waist firmly and waits, determinedly refusing to look at the tray of sterilized tools off to the side and trying not to think about how he’s dripping onto the table, about the pool of wetness he’ll find and futilely try to mop up later. It’s worse than his erection, even though they’re both proof of how much his body likes what’s happening, but at least he can tell himself he gets hard all the time; he can’t lie that the leaking is normal.He only gets wetter during his heat. He doesn’t get this wet during sex most of the time. At least, not since he started seeing Dr. Stark.He flinches when he hears the knock on the door, his heart rate picking up, and when Dr. Stark enters the room, Steve feels another burst of wetness, his ass contracting helplessly.“Good morning, Steve,” Dr. Stark says, smiling and unfairly appealing with his lab coat all buttoned up and his tie framed by the collar. Steve wants to reply, but he can’t swallow past the lump in his throat, can’t do anything but twitch his lips and curl his fingers into the cloth of his robe.Dr. Stark is just so handsome. Gorgeous really. Panty-meltingly hot are the words Sam used, although Sam was mostly teasing, since he knows Steve has a type. It doesn’t make the description any less true, though, and Steve has the worst crush on him.It started during their first meeting when Dr. Stark had paused as Steve filled up the room with the smell of his arousal, shoulders hunched up in shame, and instead of joking about it or about how wet Steve was, or saying anything dismissive about omegas, Dr. Stark had kept going like nothing had happened. He hadn't acted like it was weird or that Steve was something to be gawked at, hadn't assumed that since Steve reacted physically it meant he wanted anything sexual from him—although he does, now, very much—nor has he ever. He treats Steve like any other patient with his own particular brand of idiosyncrasies, and he just takes care of Steve, respectfully and gently. Steve had fallen for him like a ton of bricks, and it’s only gotten worse since.The next minute or so is taken up with questions, but luckily, Dr. Stark doesn’t ask anything that requires more than a nod or a shake of his head. He had the first time they met, had tried to strike up an actual conversation that had resulted in stilted answers and long silences, but he’s learned since then, for which Steve is incredibly grateful. He can’t even begin to imagine what Dr. Stark thinks about him, never lets himself wonder—except for the times he can’t stop himself, when he’s riding his favorite toy and remembering the feel of Dr. Stark’s fingers pushing into him. Then he can’t help but dwell on what kind of thoughts Dr. Stark must have about the omega who spreads his legs so wide for him and who tries so desperately not to make any kind of noise when the speculum opens him up; who fails every time.Finally, Dr. Stark moves on to the exam itself, and it’s torture to have his hands on Steve’s neck, his back as Dr. Stark tells him what to do. He’s standing so close, and Steve shivers and presses his thighs together, trying to hide his scent as long as possible, because once he moves, it’s going to permeate the entire room.“Alright, why don’t you lie back, and I’ll examine your chest.”Steve twists around carefully, making sure to keep everything in place as much as he can before lying down.  A waft of scent rises up nevertheless, and he has to turn his head to the side, because it feels like his head will explode if he looks at Dr. Stark.He honestly doesn’t know if it’d be better or worse to have Dr. Stark 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Medical Kink
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Situational Humiliation
Humiliation kink
because Steve riles himself up
Dubious Consent
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Paging Dr. Stark
Medical Examination
Object Insertion
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Tony Stark
Spanish Translation Available

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

