Chapter 1





Chapter Text

April 23rd, 1944
Skulking through hallways, surrounded by grey stonework that went on and on, it was easy to forget this place had been an abbey. Their footfalls echoed traitorously, and far more effort had gone into concealing their presence from Hydra than admiring the architecture. Steve wondered, as he split off from his team in hopes of flanking the enemy, if the choice to set up here had been an intentional one. To bring a fight to such sacred ground was sacrilege. The hallway Steve moved through let out into a large, cavernous room. Pillars rose up from the floor and spread outwards like fountains of stone, meeting in ornate arches overhead. This was a hallowed place, the wall sconces bathing everything in a soft, warm glow. At the far end of the empty room, Steve spotted what might have once been an altar. Now, it was only an empty pedestal, draped in luxurious velvet. There was a book splayed open there. It might have been a Bible, but Steve wasn’t sure. It was hard to imagine anything Hydra would have been reverent enough of to leave untouched, or maybe they just hadn’t gotten here yet. Denmark had long since fallen to Germany, but Hydra had only recently descended on the abbey like the parasites they were. The abbey wasn’t secure or advantageous to defend. It had no tactical advantage at all. If Hydra had chosen to roost in this place, there was more to it than pettiness or pointless malice.Steve was mindful of his footsteps, soft shuffles against the stone as he made his way to the pedestal. The wall sconces stretched and softened his shadow, until it looked like a spectre following him across the length of the room. He listened for any sign of commotion, but there was only the gentle cadence of his breathing as he reached the pedestal. Though he couldn’t hope to read the words, there was no mistaking what he was looking at. The pages of the book were thin as gossamer, words scrawled out in columns across the translucent sheets. It looked as it if might crumble if one laid so much as a finger on it. In the end, that fragility was a gift. Too reverent to touch the book itself, Steve rested his fingers on the pedestal, his thumb brushing something beneath the swath of velvet under the book. It might have been debris, but as he pressed against the subtle lump marring the otherwise smooth surface, a movement on the wall to his right caught Steve’s attention. The scrape of a secret door opening in the wall might as well have been a siren. Stone dragged against the rough edges of other stones, the echo deafening against the silence of the abbey. Steve drew closer to the opening compartment, his shield already up, waiting for the enemy to come. No one came. Steve was alone for the moment, only the dark, gaping maw in the wall breaking up the soft light that bathed the room. His pulse thrummed as he crept across the room, creeping closer to the gap in the stones. From where he stood, it was hard to tell if anything at all was hidden there. 

It was only when he got closer that he spotted the contents that had been so carefully shielded away. It wasn't a weapon or a power source or anything that Steve could ascertain any tactical value for. The base of the shelf in the wall was piled in more of the luxurious fabric he'd found on the pedestal, and nestled in its plush folds was an artifact. The way it had been concealed, he'd have thought it to be some Christian holy relic at least, but whatever symbolism was depicted was lost on him. 

A smooth, inky rock made up the pedestal, holding up what appeared to be the carved trunk of a tree. Three women stood at its roots, one delicate and lovely, one old and decrepit, last inscrutable and featureless. There was not much to tell beyond that, shrouded in hoods and robes as they were. Cautiously, Steve reached for the statue, thinking it might be a weapon in disguise. Nothing else came to mind that would explain why Hydra put effort into protecting it. He inched forward, but as he was about to touch the figure, the muted rat-a-tat of gunfire cut through the quiet. It was close, as far as Steve could tell, and in the end, he didn’t have to wait long to find out. He got his shield up just as Hydra agents flooded the room. The statue was forgotten in favor of staying alive as they tried to corner him. Times like these, Steve moved on automatic, more or less. Steve mowed them down, but true to their motto, it seemed as if two more popped up for each one he knocked down. Soon, he was ducking behind his shield when the gunfire was coming from too many angles. He held his own the way he always did, but seemed as if much of the facility had converged on this point, and wondered if it was about him, or the relic. Maybe neither, as it turned out. An explosion on the other side of the building was barely muffled by the distance. The whole building trembled, and none of the agents seemed surprised. Steve came to a sickening realization. Hydra hadn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Historian Bucky Barnes
Fluff
Mutual Pining
Angst with a Happy Ending
Mythology References
Illustrated
Art
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

