Work Text:
Tony Stark considers himself a clever, intelligent and philanthropic man. A gorgeous and useful member of society - society that he in fact helped to improve. A part of his job is noticing little things, the smallest details and particulars, mostly to repair them or keep them in mind for future purposes.Sometimes it’s hard to see, but he also cares a lot about his teammates, one of the reasons he thinks of himself as a generous and kind human being. The thought of having friends - apart from sweet Pepper - was kind of… confusing for him, initially. He was used to being by himself, to solving his and the city’s problems alone, occasionally helped by a good glass of bourbon or a beer. Now it’s not rare to see a large group of super people eating and laughing in his Tower, in his rooms, in his dining hall.His stunningly good nature and care for his friends has made him notice something quite serious. Well, it’s not that serious, but it bothers him, because it has to do with Deadpool, the Merc with a Mouth, Wade Wilson, Spider-Man’s boyfriend, Peter Parker’s lover. The crazy, loud man that now helps the Avengers on a daily basis, basically.It was Parker’s idea. “He wants to do good!”, “He’s not the stupid man you all think he is!”,  “Give him a chance, he has a big heart!” and all that jazz. Cap believed him instantly, he also said he worked with Wilson on multiple occasions and knows that Parker is right. The others were wary and unsure about it; however they slowly changed their minds, especially when the merc actually showed himself capable of being useful and good both on the battlefield and during meetings.Okay, cool, the merc is not that bad. Even Tony has to admit he helps a lot and can follow orders… albeit in his usual, original style. Plus Parker is extremely proud of him, they team-up during every mission, fighting baddies and enemies together like an old married couple, joking, flirting and telling each other sexual innuendos that the whole team has to hear through the intercom.It’s… disgusting. And disgustingly sweet too, so much he thinks he has already teeth decay marring his otherwise perfect mouth.Anyway Wilson isa problem. No, scratch that, he has a problem. And, yes, everyone knows he has many, so many one needs both hands - and maybe a feet too - to count them all.Tony is thinking about a precise, particular problem though. It’s crystal clear, as bright as the sun, it’s there, like a flashy sign on Wilson’s head.It’s the problem of clinginess.He’s always around Parker. Always. Tony suspects he follows him to the bathroom too and he wonders how the wall-crawler hero deals with that. Parker is also pretty clingy, he obviously loves the merc and doesn’t seem bothered by his constant talking, following and cuddles. His manners are not as loud and chaotic as Wilson’s though; the merc is his shadow and Tony would understand this if it was limited to the battlefield. That’s not the case, as Wilson is even worse when they are not fighting people. When they come back to the Avengers Mansion or the Stark Tower to rest and eat, the crazy mercenary becomes like a puppy, spending the entire time with Parker, never losing him from his sight.If the young man gets up to take another drink or hot dog from the kitchen, Wilson follows him, never shutting his mouth. If some other hero calls Parker to talk, there is a 100% probability that a big, tall man clad in red and black will go with him. Parker never complains, he always smiles at him, always answers to his jokes, always kisses and hugs him and returns his cuddles and touches.Still! Stark goes mad just seeing how clingy Wilson is. He would have gone crazy after two days if one of his old lovers had been like him and he can’t understand how Parker does it. He must be bothered by that extreme closeness, by that lack of personal space and, above all, personal time. If Wilson is like that even at home, Parker’s life must be tremendously full, loud, like having a puppy barking every second into his ear asking for attention.He has to do something. That nerd is a good man, he has suffered much and Tony is happy for him, he’s happy for the relationship he has with Wilson. He just wants to… make it better? That’s what he does in his life, after all. Fix things, small and big, appreciate something beautiful and at the same time finding new ways to improve it. It’s a sunny, warm day, the team is resting at the Mansion after a delicate mission involving radioactive squirrels (poor Squirrel-girl was horrified) and there is a comfy chit-chat and clatter of glasses and plates in the main dining room. As always Wilson and Parker are eating together, talking with Luke, the merc munching happily on Parker’s shoulder with the young man’s hand on his thigh.Tony waits patiently - patience is another of his strong points, really! -, sipping his drink while glancing at the couple to seize the right chance. It comes when Luke mentions a TV show that should air in few m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff
Humor
Relationship Advice
Wade is a poor baby
Peter is confused
Tony is stupid
Anal Sex
Established Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

