Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Disclaimer – All rights belong to Marvel and DC. I own nothing.

Chapter 1 - Prologue

Johann Schmidt, the Red Skull, believed he walked in the footsteps of the gods. He believed that there was an ancient power left behind on Earth by them, and that only a superior man would have the means to seize that power. His faith in this was so big that had ultimately led to creation of HYDRA and even to their betrayal of Hitler himself.
Peggy Carter, of course, didn't believe in that. To her, it was bloody nonsense, the words of a maniac, even if a dangerous one. To her, there was only humanity and men were responsible for everything that happened with themselves, good and bad. She wasn't much of a believer in anything, but in the end, if there was a god, Peggy thought he would remain far away and let people deal with their own problems.
That didn't mean she could explain every single thing under the sky; not even Howard Stark could hope to do that, and she knew she wasn't nearly as intelligent as he was. Even then, Peggy wasn't ashamed to answer questions with a well placed "I don't know" when faced with things she didn't understand. The Tesseract, for example, that Schmidt called the "Jewel of Odin's Treasure Room", was one of those things.
A source of unlimited power that HYDRA used to make fearsome weapons, the Tesseract was one of the reasons Schmidt had so much power to face them. It was something that no one, not even Howard and their best scientists, could explain; but it wasn't because she didn't understand it that she would simply call it a "power left behind by the gods". It was simply something they still didn't comprehend.
In that aspect, she differed from Diana almost completely. While she doubted the existence and influence of the gods, Diana had unshakable faith. Not only she wholeheartedly believed in Schmidt's claims that the Tesseract was a godly power, she also believed that he was Ares, the God of War, himself. She believed that he was responsible for all that was evil in "Man's World", the World War included. And she believed that if she could kill him, she could end the war and save countless lives.
Peggy also thought all this was bloody nonsense. No matter how much she liked Diana and how much she trusted her, her faith wasn't Peggy's; which didn't mean that she could explain everything about Diana either. She had no answers as to why Themyscira wasn't on their map, even when Steve had guaranteed he had been there; she had no answers as to why Diana was so incredibly powerful, far outclassing Captain America's own strength, something that should be impossible without the Super Soldier Serum; she had no answers as to how her equipment - an armor that seemed to be made of leather, a sword and a shield – could withstand virtually anything, being as strong as Steve's vibranium shield; and she had no answers as to how her glowing lasso, that Diana claimed it "burned with the fire of Hestia", could force people to tell the truth.
No one could answer those questions, no matter how much they tried, so the Allies simply accepted their very own "Wonder Woman". Few of them really believed what Diana told them about the Olympian gods and Ares, but since her mission of killing Johann Schmidt was aligned with theirs, they had learned to work with her and not ask many questions; hard not to, when the Howling Commandos, with both Captain America and Wonder Woman, were so amazingly efficient at annihilating HYDRA bases.
But even telling herself that all this god nonsense was impossible, it was very difficult for Peggy to deny what her very own eyes were seeing right now.
A thunderstorm being created out of nothing from the hands of a man she thought an ally and a human until that moment, exploding in a flash of light so powerful that the entire top of the mountain on that hangar became dust, the cold air of the Alps invading the place.
Her friend, her sister, Diana matching blow by blow a man… a creature… a god covered from head to toe in a hellish four horned armor that he had summoned from debris around him.
Diana battling a god that had simply withstood every conceivable attack they dealt him, his armor actually seeming to get stronger every time it was hit, absorbing bullets, bombs, fire and even the Tesseract energy weapons in its dark metal.
Wonder Woman and the God of War fighting with all their power, tossing cars, tanks and planes in the air as if they were nothing, moving at impossible speeds, punching each other so strongly that gigantic craters were formed on the ground.
Peggy simply didn't have words to explain what was happening before her eyes. Suddenly, all that "nonsense" Diana told her seemed very real. Ares, the God of War, the entity she claimed was responsible for the evil in the world, was standing right in front of her. Her friend was in a battle for her life and there wasn't a thing she could do to help.
Because apparently, no matter how much sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Diana (Wonder Woman)/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Romance
Humor
Flashbacks

fandom: 
Diana (Wonder Woman)/Steve Rogers

