Work Text:
Sex with Deadpool is always good. Whether it’s vanilla love-making or kinky role playing, Peter always feels Wade’s love warming him. There has never been a time when Deadpool made him feel unsafe.They’ve tried different things to see what Peter likes, and he’s discovered a few things about himself. He likes to play submissive. Not every time and they’ve never gone hardcore, but he likes it. He likes being at Wade’s mercy, ‘helpless’ to his Daddy. (That he and Wade both have a Daddy kink isn’t surprising to him, not really. At first it was something he felt ashamed of, but Deadpool quickly put any notions about it being wrong to rest.)They’ve tried different things for Wade, too, but he already has a wide repertoire of things he likes. Some of them, and this makes him twist with guilt, are too much for Peter. He wants to please his boyfriend and feels like a failure when he admits, red-faced, that he doesn’t want to forcefully ‘take’ Deadpool.The man brought it up after their round of what Peter could only think to call angry sex. Although he had been angry at Mr. Stark, not Wade. It had also only been his fourth or fifth time topping. It was fun, he’d enjoyed himself, but what Wade was proposing wasn’t angry sex. It was rape.Not real rape, of course. Wade suggested a very controlled environment, a sort of script for them to follow. Peter would knock on the door, Wade would answer, and he’d force himself into the apartment. Wade had left Peter’s motive for doing this a mystery, and that was almost fitting because Peter really had no clue as to why he  would  do that. Or why  anyone  would do that to another person. As Spider-Man he’d stumbled across rapes and attempted rapes, and they were always horrible. They weren’t  sexy.They were ripped clothes and bruises and bleeding and crying. They were him sitting a respectful distance away while the police and ambulance were en route.He doesn’t want to do that to his boyfriend. That isn’t to say he doesn’t understand where the appeal comes from. He likes laying sprawled on their bed at Deadpool’s mercy. He likes it when a little bit of pain mixes with his pleasure. He  loves Deadpool’s near constant narration. Telling him how delicious he looks, how good he feels.Peter knows being ordered around and ‘powerless’ can be arousing. The part he’s scared of is that Wade doesn’t just want to submit, he wants to be forced. He wants Peter to hit him, humiliate him. The thought of hurting his beloved in that way makes his stomach churn.Then he thinks about Wade’s history of abuse and that sick feeling transforms into all-consuming fury. Someone actually did force Deadpool to do things he didn’t want to. Someone used him for their pleasure and then cast him aside like trash.So why does Deadpool want him to reenact some perverse, pseudo-attack?Peter is a smart man, naturally gifted with a brain designed for puzzles and equations. This, he reasons, is a real life brain teaser. Going at the situation with that mindset, he sits at their kitchen table in front of a legal pad, tapping the yellow paper with his pencils eraser. There are a few ideas jotted down, written in all caps and chicken scratches.He eventually comes to a conclusion that sates his unknowing. He surmises it isn’t about the brutality of being forced that makes the scene pleasurable, but the comfort that with a single word it can all be stopped. The knowledge that his partner is willing and doing something hurtful  for  him. Not  to him.Peter scrambles to close his notebook when Deadpool shuffles into the kitchen, wearing ratty sweatpants and fuzzy slippers. He’s not fully awake yet and passes Peter wordlessly, scratching his rear as he begins to brew coffee.Water hisses softly out of the tap into the coffee pot, which gurgles and steams as it spits coffee. Deadpool sits heavily across from him, looking him up and down curiously.“No work today?” He asks, referring to Peter’s Hello Kitty pajama pants and ‘got science’ T-shirt.He shakes his head, leg bouncing up and down. “No, I, uh, called in. I wanted to, wanted to--what I mean is…” Peter stammers, heat rising to his cheeks. “I was thinking…” Deadpool’s head is cocked to one side and he’s silent as he waits for Peter to finish. “I was thinking about what you asked me the other day.”Deadpool’s brow furrows with confusion and Peter resists hiding his face in his hands. “The… sex thing.”“Oh!” Deadpool perks up. “What about it?”Peter mentally groans. Of course Wade has already put that from his mind. After his initial reaction the man had reassured him at length that it was fine if he wasn’t comfortable with that kind of thing. He then dropped the subject completely. Because Wade respected his boundaries.Well, Peter respected the others much more broadened boundaries.“I want to try it.” He says with conviction he didn’t know he had.He expects Wade to be ecstatic, to burst with excitement. The opposite is what he gets. Deadpool’s eyes narrow almost impercep
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape Fantasy
Consensual Non-Consent
Hurt/Comfort
Restraints
Anal Sex
Male Slash
Humiliation
Begging
Fear
Light BDSM
Name-Calling
Safewords
Aftercare
BDSM
Dom/sub
Love Bites
Marking
Dubious Consent
Dissociation
Subspace
but not really
Headspace
? - Freeform
Age Difference
Bottom Peter Parker
Dom Wade

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

