Chapter 1: Disguised Affection
    




Chapter Text
You barely manage to make it inside your apartment without dropping the container of Chop Suey, precariously balanced amongst a stock of unfinished reports. All leftovers from the work day. Including your trembling hands.
You dump the takeout on your sad excuse for a dining table before falling in to eat. The day had been a whirlwind. Meeting after meeting, briefing after briefing. You’d barely managed to fit in bathroom breaks due to the constant demand for a scribe. A scribe to document every interaction with the famed Liar God.
Loki had arrived. Or rather he’d been brought in against his will. Having been spotted in New York with his brother, a field operative had taken it upon themselves to bring him into S.H.I.E.L.D. It had taken twelve additional agents to secure him.
But they’d done it. And you were witness to it all. Having been called in by Tony Stark himself, you stood at the end of the hallway, leading to the containment ward. Pen and paper in hand, preferring the traditional method of note taking. He was dressed in a dark suit, a stark contrast to the ornate Asgardian garb you’d seen him in once before. When the creatures he summoned had laid waste to your previous apartment. His hands were handcuffed behind him and Steve had his arm in an iron grip, the first Avenger having been hand selected to bring him in. As some sort of political statement.
Not that you minded seeing Steve. Your encounters were rare; your jobs hardly ever crossed paths. But when they did, he always made an effort to smile your way, to flirt, to tease you.
To hint toward a potential future together, one beyond such fleeting moments.
It was enough to fuel your late night stress-relief sessions.
Today had been no different. As he approached with Loki toward his holding cell, he looked your way and winked.
“You got suckered into this too, huh sweetheart?”
You smiled and shrugged your shoulders. “Such a demanding job,” you said with a smirk before you found your pen between your teeth. A nervous tick.
Your eyes shifted toward Loki, who up until this point had hung his head low to the ground. Upon hearing your voice, his face lifted to meet your gaze. His rich emerald eyes held you there, having caught you in a webbing of his allure. A webbing of lies and deceit, you reminded yourself.
He smirked before licking his lips.
You swallowed hard, and turned your attention to your notepad. You decided to omit the small interaction from your report. They led Loki into the cell, tossing him on a small cot before slamming the door shut. The series of deadbolts all clicked into place in unison.
“We will be back in the morning to question you,” Tony announced. “So I hope you spend the evening thinking over all of your crimes. So we can better catalog them.”
You copied his words precisely. You were an interpreter of sorts, of words and emotions. That’s why you were brought in. You could read through any mask, through any lie. And while mere conversation could be recorded by any layman, a lie detector was much more valuable. Especially one as inconspicuous as you were.
You turned to look at Loki one more time. His gaze was already held upon you, burrowing past your clothing as he examined you from head to toe. His eyes trailed up off the curve of your breasts as you caught him in the act. His eyes gleamed in the dim lighting of the cell, a spark of mischief. You sucked on the tip of your pen, mindlessly.
“I hope you didn’t have a date tonight,” Steve said beside you, saving you from Loki’s emerald hypnosis. “These late night calls can be really frustrating when you have Friday night plans.”
You shook your head, removing the pen from between your lips. “The only date I had planned was with my Netflix account,” you said with a soft giggle. You swore you could hear Loki chuckle behind you.
“I have quite a lot of entertainment to catch up on,” Steve replied with a sigh. “What was that show you told me to watch?”
“Friends.” You smiled. “And you have ten seasons to watch, mister.”
“Would you ever want company?”
Your eyes widened, your palms sleek with sweat against your notepad.
“If this guy doesn’t cause too much trouble during his interrogation, I’m free tomorrow night,” he added, leaning closer. “Call it a sort of education session for an old, outdated man.”
You laughed and practically dropped your notes. The only education you wanted to participate in with Steve was of the physical sort. But if you were both alone in your apartment, you’d also have to educate him on the term “Netflix and Chill”.
You blushed and nodded, scribbling your address on the notepad before tearing the small scrap of paper. You handed it to him and said, “Be there at 7. Don’t be late.”
You pushed past him, mustering every ounce of confidence you could unearth from your trembling body to appear alluring. Seductive.
But as you dig into the lukewarm Chop Suey, your hands shake with renewed embarrassment. You had been a fum
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers & Reader
Loki & Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Self-Insert
Spanking
Smut
Rough Sex
loki in disguise
Subtle Kitten Play
Handcuffs
Dom Loki (Marvel)
mild blood kink
Voyeurism
Drinking to Cope
Semi-Public Sex
Anal Sex
Choking
Hair-pulling
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst
Drama & Romance
Name-Calling
twists and turns
all the feels

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers & Reader
Loki & Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader

