Work Text:
New York is… very expensive.Barnes raided enough Hydra strongholds and safehouses to build a solid backup fund before he ended up in Manhattan. But it takes only four months of living in a tiny bedroom in a - frankly kind of disgusting - shared apartment in the Lower East Side before his funds have dwindled alarmingly low.He could move to the other boroughs to have more room with the rent he’s paying - he has six flatmates (and two angry pomeranians) in a three-bedroom apartment, crawling on top of each other and fighting about the bathroom shifts. Most of them are over-caffeinated white collar workers who hate Barnes’s upside down schedule, but at least he gets to live on his own in the cramped utility room. It doesn’t have any utilities, but it does have a tap, just enough floor space for a mattress and a locked chest to keep his shit in, and even a window big enough to fit through.With his rent he could afford an actual bedroom if he crossed over to Queens. But the subway makes his skin crawl, and close by is a small 24-hour restaurant whose owner has a soft spot for vets and gives him a big discount on food. He can’t get that if he moves away.Barnes does have a job: six nights a week he dutifully trots fifteen blocks north, slices kebab for seven hours to feed bar-hoppers and night-shifters, and trots twenty-five blocks back home to lose potential tails. He's paid under the table and barely makes 30 bucks per night even with his knife skills, and until now it’s been more about having something to do than making money.He’s gonna need an actual source of income, though, if he plans to stay in the city.“I’m a little tight on money,” he says one Wednesday afternoon in the restaurant, when Sergio asks if he wants dessert and he has to refuse.“Aw, that’s tough, man,” Sergio says, picking up his empty plates. Barnes had tried to tip him the first time he came here, and Sergio had ran down the street to give it back. Barnes had figured that he probably should get some better clothes if even an underpaid millennial didn't want his tips. “Do you have, like, a skill you could monetize? You could make, like, a commission post on Tumblr.”“A what?” Barnes asks, frowning.“Commission post.” Sergio shrugs, popping his gum. “Like, sell your skills if you’re, like, super good at drawing. You could offer drawings for, like, a set price.”Barnes can’t draw for shit, or-- sew, or do any other kind of craft that people would want to pay for, nor does he have anywhere to keep supplies in. He’s just about to tell Sergio that, when he thinks of something.He closes his mouth. Well. There certainly wouldn't be a supplies problem.He opens his mouth again. “Where do people put these?”Sergio grins at him. “On Tumblr, it’s, like, a blogging thing, but there’s mostly just memes and awful teenagers. I can help you set up sometime if you have a laptop.”Barnes does have a laptop, and a fairly good grasp of the new millennium. He’s been out of HYDRA’s hands for nearly seven months, and in addition to new technology he’s also acquired a nice, modern haircut, clothes that are comfortable and good-looking and blend well into the crowd, an electric razor, and twenty-seven new knives.It’s nice to have things. It would be even nicer if he had the room to store more things, or the money to buy them.* I’m pretty low on funds and need to make ends meet this month,  Barnes types slowly into a new post three days later.  I’m taking commissions for hits in the New York City area.  Will Not Kill: Captain America or other Avengers. 
 Will partially refund payment if target turns out to be HYDRA. 
 Will not go to Jersey. No dismemberment or killing children. 
Message for negotiations and payment details.Under that he pastes his prices, carefully calculated.
 Strangling $70 

 Stabbing $80 

 Poisoning $175 

 Gunshots $225 

 Bodiy harm without murder $50-350 depending on severity 
He checks the post carefully for any spelling mistakes, then tags it #commissions #commission post #commission info #commission and #will work for money, clicks ‘post’, and immediately has to go edit the misspelled bodily.* idk who this guy is but theyre clearly a meme lord lmao, says the first reblog of his commission post. It’s tagged #give him a standup show. why is severe body harm more expensive than shooting??  The next reblogger asks.Barnes rolls his eyes. Does this person  know  how much being hospitalized costs in the 21st century? Shooting is  so much more merciful than putting a person through that kind of debt. Besides, bullets are cheap if you befriend the right people, and Barnes definitely has on one of his early romps to the outer boroughs.There are no new messages, but his commission post has 189 notes, which he considers a good start. Sooner or later some bloodthirsty sonofabitch will appear, and if not…Well.Barnes isn’t above selling some ass if needs must. The guy he blew last week behind the kebab place surely seemed keen on trying to pay him.It’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Humor
Crack Treated Seriously
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes and the 21st Century
Assassins & Hitmen
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Pragmatic Fake Millennial Hoe Bucky Barnes
Getting Together
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

