Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text
 
I.
Once, the only predictable part of Loki was the way he slept. Before he fell from the rainbow bridge, his patterns had been a rare consistency in someone so mischievously inconsistent. He liked to retire not long after night fell, liked to fall asleep watching the dusk fade into the darkness, and he rose with Asgard’s star, spilling golden warmth across his bed. The sun belonged to Thor, but in the dawn, when it was hued with rays of violet and primrose, Loki could have it for his own. It made him feel safe and whole, and it wasn’t until after he’d fallen that he lost that, too.Loki thought of it often, his plunge into the abyss. Sometimes, he remembered letting go; other times, he was convinced Thor had thrown him. He did not know which was the reality, but what did it matter, when everything he’d known about his reality was a lie?What mattered was the peace it had brought him. Everything was achingly, blindingly beautiful. The tapestry of the cosmos was splattered with stars, supernovas drenched in bright colors that put even the Bifrost to shame. It was silent, a silence so soft that it soothed his throbbing heart, made him feel weightless and free. After awhile, he was not even aware of the sensation of falling. The image of Thor’s anguished face blurred away; the torment of Odin’s soft “Loki, no,” faded into nothing.There were worse ways to die, Loki had thought. He’d wondered if there was a place in Valhalla for Frost Giants, or if heaven would spit out the monster lurking beneath. If the Norns were merciful, he would simply spend the rest of his eternity in an intercosmic bliss.The Norns were not kind. Loki had landed with all of the shock and agony that falling from a great height would bring. When the roaring in his head dulled and his vision cleared, he could see no more exquisite colors; there was only a sky so black that even the stars were gone.Loki found himself on a rock or a moon, a wretched, forsaken place infested with creatures who would carve him out from the core. They called it the Sanctuary, which Loki found incredibly ironic. There, he was hollowed into a shell to be molded and manipulated to the Titan’s whims.He could tolerate the physical pain; if it had just been that, perhaps he would have fared better. But the mental torture broke him. Illusions, deceits, his own free will turned against him. His deepest fears became realities; his darkest secrets taunted him. By the end, Loki barely knew the difference between what was real and what was imagined, which thoughts were his own and which were placed there for him.Perhaps, he never would. There was a restless anxiety entombed into his bones now and it never ceased. His mind and his body had been taken from him; the prince who’d fallen from the bridge died an inglorious death.It left for many restless nights.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
POV Loki (Marvel)
Loki-centric
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Ragnarok
Loki - Freeform
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Loki (Marvel) Angst
Slow Burn
Suicidal Thoughts
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Implied/Referenced Torture
First Time
Mild Sexual Content
Brotherly Bonding

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)

