Chapter 1: The Real Monster
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony Stark stared at his drink, only barely resisting the urge to smash it against the wall.  It wouldn't solve anything.  Tony was pretty sure it wouldn't even give him momentary satisfaction.  But the urge to destroy, especially destroying something that he owned, was nearly overwhelming.
He didn't throw the scotch, nor did he retch up the empty remains of his stomach.  He'd already gotten one tongue-lashing from Captain America today, and he didn't need to call Steve's attention to his faults again.  Besides, throwing the glass against the wall would be wasting perfectly good alcohol, and Tony wasn't too sure he'd hit it properly with the remains of the concussion still battering at his skull.
Getting rip-roaring drunk despite his concussion would be a decent alternative to not throwing the glass.  It would also net him another Cap lecture, but he would be too drunk to care about what Steve thought of him.  It's not like Steve could really think less of him right now.  If he was going to be a fuck up and a failure, might as well go all the way.
Tony threw back the scotch like a shot, relishing the burn as it scorched his throat.  Not his good scotch, but the cheap stuff.  The kind that wouldn't go down easy, because he didn't deserve easy right now.  He could feel how quickly it was hitting his blood stream on an empty stomach, and he poured another drink.  With luck, he'd soon be too drunk to care.
He wasn't nearly drunk enough yet to be hallucinating bright flashes of light, however.  That put a kink in his plans.  "JARVIS!" he called out, shielding his eyes as he ducked down.  "Launch the-"
"I come in peace," an extremely familiar sarcastic voice said.  Tony knew that voice intimately - he'd seen enough videos of himself to barely even notice the distortion from hearing it outside his own mouth.
He peeked out from under the table and blinked at what he saw with his now cleared vision.  This was the sort of thing that happened after half a bottle, not one glass.  Seriously, he was no where near drunk enough to be hallucinating himself in a suit of unfamiliar - yet also unmistakable - Iron Man armor.  The other him had the face plate up and was staring mournfully down at an empty martini glass clutched daintily between the armor's jointed fingers.  "They said the alcohol wouldn't survive the trip," the other him said sorrowfully.  "But I really did hope.  You wouldn't happen to be willing to share some high quality vodka, would you?"
"JARVIS!" Tony shouted.
"Suit incoming, Sir," JARVIS replied.
"Ah, you have an AI JARVIS too," the other him said with a fond smile appearing on his face.  "Nothing beats the original though.  Hello, JARVIS."
JARVIS didn't respond, instead wrapping the suit around Tony after it appeared down the hall.  "Alert the other Avengers," Tony said as the face plate snapped down.  He brought up his arm, the repulsor whining to life.  "Who are you?"
"I should think that was obvious.  JARVIS helps control the suit?" his reflection asked, eying Tony's armor curiously.  Now that Tony was looking, he was able to spot the differences.  Whoever the hell this was, he wasn't a perfect clone.  His hair was floppier, face more gaunt.  His skin had a light pallor Tony associated with some of the kids he occasionally visited in the hospital, of someone who had been sick for a long time.  The armor was definitely different, with more sharp angles than Tony preferred in his designs.
"I did say I come in peace," his doppelganger said, seemingly unconcerned.
"Tony, what-" Steve said as he rushed in, in uniform (probably just back from training, Tony thought, mentally reviewing Steve's schedule in his head) and shield raised.  He looked at the real Tony, who had the face plate down, then at the doppelganger who was without helmet, automatically moving to the doppelganger's side.  "Is something wrong with the armor?" he asked doppelganger, eying the empty martini glass with disapproval.
Tony felt a little betrayed, especially since Steve was obviously noting the differences.  He supposed that was what he got for keeping the face plate down when there were two of them.  Honestly, the armor goes on a blitz one time, and everyone assumes the armor is empty now.  He'd fixed that glitch!  "Cap, get away from him!" Tony said, flipping his face plate up so Steve could see he was actually inside.
Steve jumped back, his shield coming up to the right intruder now.  He looked between the two of them, then narrowed his eyes at the doppelganger.  The other Tony waved.  "Who are you?"
"Such hostility," the doppelganger said with a sigh. "All I did was ask for a drink.  You're not one of me that's gone sober, are you?"
The other Tony shuddered, a motion that oddly transferred through the armor.  Then he looked down at the bottle on the table that Tony had been drinking from. "Ah, good.  Apparently
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark (past)
Tony Stark/Tony Stark (slight)
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark (Ultimates)
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
off-screen death of a child
Grief/Mourning
Suicidal Thoughts
Semi-Suicide attempts
LOOK MEM MANAGED SLASH
and it only took one fic this time
Still no sex
Tony Has Issues
Tony Feels
Steve Feels
Steve Has Issues
Ults Tony makes MCU Tony look well-adjusted
Dark
Happy Ending
Natasha may have stolen the fic
Marvel Universes Crossover
Not Phase Two compliant
No spoilers for Phase Two
The Evil Plan
It's finally come
Alcoholism
Angst and Humor
Hurt/Comfort
Pre-Cataclysm
But spoilers for everything before Cataclysm
Natasha Feels
slight victim blaming

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark (past)
Tony Stark/Tony Stark (slight)
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark (Ultimates)
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

