Work Text:
Unsurprisingly, it had started with Tony mouthing off."Is that really the best you can do?"  Tony's ability to make even the armor's emotionless voice seem obnoxious and mocking had to be his one true super power, because the witch's left eye was twitching slightly as she glared at him from her position on the ground.The 'best she could do' was actually quite impressive, judging by the general disarray of the scene.  Several cars were overturned, and the water gushing from the hydrant burst in the crossfire was already beginning to flood the street.  A good sized hole was left in one of the buildings after Hulk had been thrown through the wall--and a matching hole had been created when he'd returned to the fray.  The last of the flames were starting to lick out, though, when the Avengers finally knocked her off her broom and down to the pavement.  Things had been a lot more even-sided after that.The witch sat up slowly, and adjusted her black-brimmed hat to peer closely at Tony.  She looked like something out of a children's book, all wizened and craggy, white hair poking out from under her hat like straw.  "No," she said, her voice even and deliberate.  "I can do so much more."Something happened then, something too loud to hear and too bright to see, and when the spots had cleared from their eyes, the witch was gone.Steve swallowed hard, willingly his ears to stop ringing.  "Is everyone all right?" he asked, surveying the damage.  As far as he could tell, that last spell hadn't done any damage."You mean other than the fact that my eyes feel like they're gonna fall out of their sockets?  Fine," Peter answered, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes, "Seriously, do all supervillains need to be this dramatic?"Jan shrank back down to a normal size.  "Of course she was dramatic, Spider-Man.  She was a witch out a week before Halloween.  And that icky black dress--ugh!  Could you be any more of a stereotype?  And I'm fine, Cap," she added before Steve could ask."I am well," Ororo said, touching down to stand next to Steve.  "Hulk, are you all right?""Hulk's ears hurt!""Yeah, yours and mine both, buddy."  Tony shifted his muscles awkwardly.  Something felt off about his armor.  "I'm fine, but I think something's--"  He popped off one of the gauntlets and a piece of paper fluttered to the ground.  "Yeah, something got caught in my armor when she flew the coop.""What is it?" Steve asked, striding over to peer over Tony's shoulder as he bent to pick it up.Tony frowned.  "That's weird.  It looks like a page from a children's book or something."Jan and Peter crowded close as he examined the page, reading over his shoulder."At the first prick of her finger, she fell into a deep, deep sleep," Jan read.  Her brow began to furrow."And the whole kingdom knew that naught but true love's kiss would wake her," Peter finished.  "Wow."Wolverine snickered from where he was leaning against one of the few intact walls.  "And does that make you Sleeping Beauty now, Iron Man?""No," Tony said, pointedly crumpling up the page and stuffing it into a spare compartment in his armor.  "In case you haven't noticed, we don't exactly keep a lot of spinning wheels around the Tower.""Notice that he didn't protest the princess part," Peter pointed out in a stage whisper to Jan."Oh, he doesn't have to," Jan whispered back.  "We all know that Iron Man's a pretty, pretty princess.  It came from being born into all that money.""Ha ha, very funny.  I seem to remember you being born with a solid gold spoon in your mouth, too, Giant-Girl," Tony replied dryly.Jan straightened up to her full non-powered height.  "Are you saying I'm not a princess, Iron Man?" she asked, a dangerous tinge to her voice.Tony put up his hands in surrender.  "Never."  Superhero or not, some things were just dangerous. Later that evening, after dinner was long finished and most sane people had gone to bed, Tony Stark was settling into his lab.  A few emails had to be sent off, but then he had as much time as he wanted to fool around with his armor and check it over for damage.As he set out the first piece of armor, something caught his eye.  It was the page, poking out from the compartment he'd sealed it neatly inside, waving slightly in the air conditioning as if for attention.  Tony paused in what he was doing and pulled the paper from the armor, smoothing it out on the worktable to take another look.  "Huh.  Sleeping Beauty."It really couldn't be anything else.  Even without the inscription, there was an illustration to go with it, a finely detailed drawing of a beautiful woman fast asleep in a bed.  He ran his fingers over the drawing.  It was ridiculous, he knew, but somehow the woman looked...sad?  Idly, he wondered how long she'd been waiting for her 'true love' to come find her.  Probably a good long time, considering how rare true love seemed to be nowadays.  He was sure he had never known it, at least.Tony pushed the page aside and reached behind hims
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
sleeping beauty fic
Adventure

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

