Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Erik spots Linda immediately when he steps into the nightclub. She’s standing by the bar and wearing that slinky little red dress Erik likes, the one that shows off half of her cleavage and long thighs.“Hey Beautiful,” He murmurs in her ear and puts a hand on the small of her back.“Erik, good to see you.” This close, he can see the way her pulse quickens and pupils dilate at the sight of him. Erik grins and accepts the drink slid his way.“So you wanted to tell me about a job offer?” He cuts straight to the chase, not wanting to waste more time than he needs in this place.“We haven’t seen each other in years and that’s the first thing out of your mouth?” She frowns slightly, smile fading at his bluntness.
Women and their need for useless chitchat.
He suppresses the rising impatience, leans close and breathes against her lips, “Ok then. Wanna fuck?” 
 “Oh my god,” Linda groans and stretches in the sheets, “I missed this, Erik.”“You mean you missed my dick,” He smirks, rolling onto his side to trail fingers against the soft silky skin of her inner thigh.“That too,” Linda sighs, and when she looks up at him, her smile is wistful, “how have you been? You disappeared without a word last time.”“Something came up,” Erik said dismissively, “so about that job…”“Right, you know how I work for a private security company that offer protective services to world leaders?”“Yeah, y’all do shit for ‘em UN meetings. I remember.”“Well, we have another UN job coming up, a delegation from Africa is coming for the first time in I don’t know, a long-ass time, and it’s a pretty big deal,” Linda admits. “But we’ve become a little short-staffed in the past few months.”“What do you mean?” Erik asks.“A few of them popped off the grid, and three turned up dead,” She grimaces, “My boss suspects it’s the Russians.”
It’s not the Russians. He’s the one that’s been killing them off.
Erik frowns, “your people messin’ with Russians?”“Well, Ed suspects,” She shrugs before reaching out shyly to tangle her fingers in his, “so…that means we need new agents, Erik, and I thought of you. What do you say? I can put in a recommendation for you.”“Where did you say they’re from? The protective detail,” He asks.“Wakanda, I think,” Linda frowns, "I’ve never heard of them. Have you?”“Nah,” Erik says, “probably some small third-world country. Round three?” 
 “Baba, this is insane, not bringing the Dora with us,” T’Challa hisses at his father for the umpteenth time.T’Chaka waves a dismissive hand, “they will not fit in, and you know Okoye refuses to wear another wig.”“Their purpose is not to fit in, Baba,” He insists, “their purpose is to protect you.”“T’Challa, my sweet boy, nothing will go wrong,” His father puts a warm dry palm over T’Challa’s cheek, “besides, I have you, don’t I?”He sighs and returns the smile, “yes, Baba. But—”“Hush child, no more words,” His father says, “I need to read over the Accords one more time before the security team arrives.”“What security team?” T’Challa asks.“You will see when we land, my son,” T’Chaka says. 
 As a part of their disguise, they had flown in a private jet sanctioned by the UN to pick them up in Abuja, and from there they would fly to Vienna for the conference. T’Challa had forgotten how the rest of the world travelled by air, and the jet had been an uncomfortable reminder of how mundane the technology was compared to Wakanda.Shuri’s hormone-suppressant pills are not helping either. She had given him a little packet with enough to last a year, but he doesn’t know if it is the turbulence or the pills that are making him feel faintly ill. Nonetheless, T’Challa is grateful when their plane lands on the tarmac and he can finally be on the ground again.There’s a group of black-suited alphas and one female beta waiting for them when the doors open. T’Challa sees the wires in their ears and the signature sunglasses.“Why do they all dress like they are going to a funeral?” He leans over and complains in his baba’s ear.“Why are our guards all bald?” T’Chaka returns, “do not ask silly questions, my boy.”“That is not a silly question, Baba. Why are the Dora all bald?” He persists as he follows his father down the steps.“Your Majesty,” The ginger-haired man in front calls out, “welcome to Vienna. We are your assigned security detail. For the next week, our sole duty is to keep you and your son safe for this UN meeting.” He points to himself, “I’m Ed, this is Linda, John, Travis, Charlie, and Erik.”“What’s up,” Erik, the only alpha with dark skin and dreads tied back into a top knot, pulls his sunglasses down a fraction and winks at T’Challa.The woman clears her throat and elbows him in the side. T’Challa smiles a little when he returns the gesture behind Ed’s back and sticks his tongue out at her. He feels a faint flush color his cheeks when the weight of the man’s dark gold eyes settle back on him with a strangely exhilarating intensity.“If you will follow me,” Ed is saying to T’Chaka, but T’Chal
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

freeform: 
Prequel
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Bottom T'Challa (Marvel)
Explicit Sexual Content
Angst
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Manipulation
Alpha Erik
Multiple Orgasms
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

