Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


 It's just after noon when Peter's phone chirrups in his backpack and his heart starts thumping hard in his chest. Nobody else in the group of students headed toward OsCorp's doors hears it, thanks to his dad's specially-designed volume controls. Peter does—thank you, mildly enhanced hearing inherited from other dad.His dads are the Iron Man and Captain America.It's a gene pool that comes with a lot of perks.Perks aren't the only things it comes with though; most fifteen-year-olds' biggest problems involve passing trig or if so-and-so will ask them to Sadie's. Peter worries about all that stuff, and he gets the privilege of wondering if this will be the time Fury calls to say he's lost his dads, or one of his uncles, or his aunt. There have been some close calls in the past and whenever they're called to assemble. Peter gets twitchy and a little over-sensitive to his phone's alerts. He's gotten in trouble for it because technically students aren't allowed to have cellphones, but his dads get it: thus, special volume controls.“Peter, what are you doing?” Gwen hisses when he stops walking to swing his bag around so he can dig for the phone. “Ms. Marsh is going to throw a fit if you get separated!”Gwen's...well, Peter's pretty sure Gwen is his girlfriend. He hasn't actually asked her yet because he gets tongue-tied just thinking about it and since he's too pathetic to ask her, he hasn't kissed her either, but he thinks he's getting there. If he's reading her right, which he probably is.Maybe.Like...79% probability?Anyway, Gwen's also brilliant, so she puts together the answer to her question before he can.“Your dads?”“Probably,” Peter mutters, distracted. Where the heck is his phone? His stomach is crawling around in fits because he'd woken up this morning and gone into the kitchen to find just one dad. And not the one who normally makes him breakfast.“Morning, Bambi,” Tony'd said and handed him a plate with two Pop-Tarts and a pile of scrambled eggs. “Dad got a call around five this morning. Off to Cleveland!” he said, mouth twisted into a completely unconvincing grin.“Without you?” Peter said, sinking down at the table. He hated it when his dads went off to fight without each other, even when they were with his aunt or uncles. Steve was made pretty tough, but he wasn't invincible. He tended to put himself in riskier situations when they weren't together. Too selfless for his own good. “And he says I'm the one engaging in high-risk behavior,” Tony was always complaining. “Ha! My personal motto isn't 'lay down on the fucking wire'.”Peter liked it better when they were together.Dad shrugged and took a swig of his coffee, the fingers of his free hand grazing over the buttons on his suit jacket, right over the arc reactor. “Yep. Day job, shorty. Don't worry, Dad's a big boy and he's got Clint and Bruce along for the ride.”Peter knew his dad well enough to know he wasn't taking being left behind as well as he was pretending, but he also knew fake-it-till-you-make-it was pretty much Dad's modus operandi for coping. “Enjoy that nickname while you can, Dad,” he'd said. “Pretty soon I'll be calling you shorty.”Dad had thrown a dish towel at him, but some of the brooding darkness in his eyes had faded, so Peter counted it as a win.One of Peter's classmates bumps into him and he grunts, breaking out of his thoughts. “Do you mind?” Peter says and is summarily ignored—as usual. He glares at the girl's retreating head, until his fingers find the phone at last.“Come on,” Gwen says, pulling him forward. “We have to keep up. And keep that thing down so Ms. Marsh doesn't see it.”“That's what I have you for,” Peter says, smirking at her as he pulls the phone out and she shoots him a humorless smile, but keeps guiding him forward by the elbow, craning her neck to keep an eye out for the chaperones over the heads of their classmates.Peter's phone lights up under his touch. It's a specially-made Stark device—fingerprint protected. His heart immediately starts pumping faster when he sees he's got four text messages. He reminds himself that if it were serious, they would have called, not texted, and taps open the first message.
Uncle Clint 12:06 February 6, 2031

hey pete – went fine but no sparring tonight sorry.

think i messed up my bow arm. nothin to worry

 about tho.

Uncle Clint 12:06 February 6, 2031

sorry forgot to say – your dad is OK. got hit but hes alright 

Aunt Nat 12:06 February 6, 2031

Everyone made it back. Your dad was wounded, but

he's going to be fine. Tony knows. Bruce will text

 with details. Your uncle the moron bruised his arm,

 but he's just being a baby.
“Peter?” Gwen says and he swallows, his heart making it difficult since it's throbbing at the base of his throat. He realizes he's stopped walking and Gwen's staring anxiously up into his face.“Uh,” he says and glances down at the phone, at his white-k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Universe Alteration
(of Avengers)
Alternate Universe
(of Amazing Spider-Man)
Flux-Verse
origins story
Domesticity
Sickfic
dads
Superfamily
Superhusbands
peter is steve and tony's son
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
angsty-shmoop
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Explicit Language
hand wavy science and medicine
Medical Inaccuracies
Science Experiments
Science Inaccuracies
Lack of Communication
teenaged stupidity
Curtain Fic
but with a lot of drama
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Gay Parents
Parenthood
Parent Tony Stark
Parent-Child Relationship
Established Relationship
Whump
Body Horror
Emperiled Teenager

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

