Work Text:
The thing is, Peter Parker is just a naturally sweet kid. He just does things that are nice because, well, why wouldn’t he?Rhodey arrives at Stark Tower one evening after physical therapy and Peter’s holding a Tupperware box of cookies and as soon as he see’s Rhodey he starts babbling at a hundred words a second about “-Aunt May made you cookies, but I figured they’d only put you back in the hospital so I threw them out and replaced them with store bought ones but I’ll tell Aunt May you really liked the ones she made yo-,” and Rhodey just has to blink at this kid because no one’s talked that fast or ridiculously to him since he first met Tony.He doesn’t really even register the cookies being shoved in his hands or the kid escorting him into the elevator until he’s at his own floor and it’s suddenly deafeningly silent.It just kind of, goes from there. 
  Steve doesn’t really expect the kid to like him, in all honesty. Not after the ‘Civil War’ and everything that happened but Peter doesn’t seem to think about it that often.So, when Steve returns from Wakanda, finally cleared of any crimes and reinstated as leader of the Avengers he needs to get the team running right.Which, of course, means sparring. It’s fun, as it’s always been, two people on the mats while everyone else cheers and laughs. Spider Man is fitting in cleanly, teasing Clint and laughing when he’s teased back as no one’s really seen the kid fight hand to hand.“Spidey,” Steve calls across the gym and Spidey jumps to his feet, practically vibrating with energy, “We’re going to spar together first so I can find out where to fit you.”Tony, who is sitting in on their sparring session but not taking part let’s out a bright excited laugh and Steve feels his eyebrows furrow but hell, Tony’s laughing around them. He can’t ask for anything better.“We say pineapple if you need to tap out,” reminds Steve and Spidey nods and drops into fighting stance.He looks kind of silly, dressed in his Spider Man outfit with a baggy MIT sweatshirt that he’s obviously stolen from Tony. But Steve blinks that out of his mind the second he hears Clint bellow, “FIGHT”He waits for Spidey to throw the first punch, which the kid does, coming in on Steve’s left.Steve dodges and moves to give the kid a warning tap, just to the gut. But he only feels his knuckles scrape along Spidey’s side, one hand grabs his wrist and the other just under his bicep and suddenly Steve’s soaring through the air and lands with a deafening thud and all the air is knocked out of his lungs.For a second the gym is practically silent as Steve tries to recollect himself.“Oh my gosh!” whispers Spidey and then he’s bending down to Steve and worriedly going, “Are you okay Mr Rogers, I did my best to go easy on you but I figured cause you’re a super soldier you’d be fine. I shouldn’t have assumed-Oh no, I could’ve broken your nec-“On some level, Steve can hear Tony roaring with laughter, and the sputtering of Clint and Sam. He ignores it and throws an arm around Spidey’s neck and drags him close to give him a noogie.“Well shit, kid.” Grins Steve, “Seems I finally have some competition,”Spidey lets out a nervous laugh that’s lost under Tony screeching, “Language!” from across the gym and Clint falls off the bench cackling. 
  Clint loves kids. That’s obvious with the three kids he has. Not that he see’s them very often anymore. They live with Laura, who filed for divorce when Clint left. Not that he blames her, he can’t really, not after everything. He still see’s his children, she doesn’t fight him on that, and he pays child support. They manage to find a balance.But he doesn’t see his kids very often. And parenting is kinda hard to drop.It’s easy around everyone, they’re kind of used to it. Clint stands in the kitchen with a pot of coffee, one eye trained on everybody. He moves quietly between them, nudging a bowl of fruit closer to Tony at breakfast, putting honey instead of sugar into Wanda’s tea, putting the blueberries into a smiley face on Barnes’ pancakes if only to receive the confused look he gets every time.And Spidey falls into it seamlessly. He hikes up his mask high enough to show his mouth so he can eat yogurt and drink chocolate milk every morning and babble science to Tony who listens and comments and then they both begin going bananas.And Clint adds fruit to Spidey’s yogurt, slips a plate of bacon next to his elbow. It’s nice, having another person to take care of, even if it’s in small ways.It’s not until Spidey walks into the kitchen one morning, wearing sweats and his mask and carrying a cardboard box in his hands that Clint realizes the sweetness of Spider Man.“Thank you,” smiles Peter and Clint frowns at Peter who holds out the box, which Clint slowly takes. He doesn’t even have a chance to open it before Peter’s out of the kitchen.The cheesecake with the blueberry smiley face more than makes up for the rushed departure. 
  Spider Man and Wanda don’t get along great. It’s not t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Fluff
Precious Peter Parker
Not Beta Read
Peter Parker-centric
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

