Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Is this what it’s like for healthy people all the time?” Steve demands of the SSR doctor examining him. Because if so, Steve has been missing out on more than he’d ever known. The doctor blinks. “Well, I don’t know. You’re certainly in peak physical condition. What does that feel like to you?”“Incredible.”He can take a full breath and his heart keeps the right rhythm. His vision is perfect, and his hearing is too, in both ears. The world has opened up with the colors and sounds and details that he has, apparently, always been missing out on. Nothing hurts. It’s amazing. He’d call it a miracle if not for the memory of the way the serum burned through him, how the Vita-Ray chamber felt like being struck by lightning in slow motion.He thinks, fleetingly, of Bucky after long rounds with the punching bag: flushed and bright-eyed, his hair curling with sweat, his smooth skin glistening with it. Aren’t you tired? Steve would whine. One brief round with the punching bag left him feeling like a wrung-out and threadbare dish towel, or maybe a landed fish. Course I am! But it feels good, Bucky would say, and Steve had never understood that, how Bucky could work a full day and still go down to the gym to box, then go out dancing after that. To Steve, tired never felt good. It felt like losing a fight. Now, Steve thinks he finally understands. With this body, surely he could never feel tired, and if he did, surely even that would feel good.    “Congratulations, I suppose,” says the doctor. “Now blow into this, I need to check your lung capacity.”The SSR doctors run test after test, take vials and vials of blood. Steve runs, faster and longer, mile after mile, until the doctors say that will do for now. Steve lifts weight after weight, the heaviest ones the SSR has, until Howard just sends him around the base to lift every piece of heavy equipment he can find. Steve dutifully reads off eye charts that get further and further away, until even his perfect eyes can’t make out the distant letters, and he listens to a series of tones as doctors ask him did you hear that, and he answers yes and yes and yes. None of it makes him tired. “He’s perfect,” says Howard, dark eyes alight. “He’s better than perfect.” Steve thinks the doctors have surely collected every fluid his body is capable of producing, but they even ask him to jack off into a cup.“Excuse me?” Steve demands, looking around wildly, in case Agent Carter’s nearby. She’s not, thank god.Howard is unembarrassed. “We need to know how the serum has affected your sperm, Rogers. It’s all very scientific. We won’t be watching you or anything, we just need the sperm. There’s some nice pictures in there, to get you worked up, and—” he leans close, “I can even get you a projector set up in there, get you some real blue movies—”“No, that’s fine, thanks,” says Steve, and flees into the private exam room.Steve hasn’t exactly had the time to really examine his new and improved dick. He hopes, suddenly, that this isn’t the one thing the serum has failed to fix. Compared to not being able to breathe properly, it’s a small thing, Steve will admit that. That his dick takes forever to get hard and often fails to stay that way is—was, now, hopefully—pretty low on Steve’s list of ailments, as frustrating as it was. Bucky never seemed to mind it anyway, which had convinced Steve once and for all that Bucky Barnes was probably the most patient man in all of New York.Don’t worry, I like taking my time, he’d say, and then he’d kiss Steve like they had all the time in the world, would take as long as it took to coax Steve into hardness with his hands or his mouth. Bucky had always seemed willing and able to carve out an eternity in the space of a night that way.Bet you say that to all your girls too, Steve had gasped, and Bucky’s eyes had gone sharp and hot. No, that’s just for you. I take my time with you. You’re my best guy, aren’t you?Christ, what’s Bucky gonna say about all this? He’ll be happy about Steve’s heart and lungs, Steve knows that, but all the rest...is he still going to be Bucky’s best guy? Will Bucky still want him, if he looks like this? He looks good, he knows: the fondness in Agent Carter’s eyes has kindled to a more heated appreciation, and the nurses’ eyes linger on him, the way Steve’s seen women’s eyes linger on Bucky. But maybe Bucky likes him better smaller. Maybe Bucky will look at this body and see a stranger.Steve still looks at this body and sees a stranger. You’ve just got to get used to it, is all, he tells himself. It’s like when his voice had finally dropped, and for weeks, he’d startled a little to hear his own voice come out of his mouth, deep and strong, the voice of a much larger man. The larger man he now is. You’ll get used to it. He looks around the exam room, settles himself on the small exam table for lack of any other options. There’s no mirror, so he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/USO Tour Dancers
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The First Avenger
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Open Relationships
Hand Jobs
Frottage
Threesome - F/M/M
Mutual Masturbation
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
Multiple Orgasms
Coming In Pants
Blow Jobs
Semi-Public Sex
do it with the mask on
Anal Sex
Cunnilingus
Switching

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/USO Tour Dancers
Steve Rogers/Original Character(s)

