Chapter 1: 2020
    


Notes:
So I wrote this because I was supposed to do and write other stuff. You know the drill. PLEASE CHECK THE NOTES at the end for additional warnings concerning the plot and the vague child abuse mentions.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Something bad was definitely going on. In the category Really Bad with a dash of extra alleyway screams. That had to be at least an eight on the Spider-Man Badness Scale™.
An eight-point-two, if I understand your scale correctly.
Peter tried his best not to get too excited about that. “That’s the first above a seven in weeks!”
People are in danger, Peter.
“Right, right.” Focus, Parker. “Karen, how many blocks away are they? Give me the quickest route.”Immediately, the streets lit up through his lenses, and he was off in a second, flying like Tarzan through the concrete jungle, and even after all this time, it still felt amazing -
Three males, two blocks down, all armed. I estimate you have about thirty seconds before one gets stabbed.
“What?! Stabbed?” Bye, mood. That was not good. She was right, though; the moment Peter landed on the rooftop he needed to be on, he could see the reflection of a blade up in the air immediately.“Hey!” He webbed the stabby-knifey guy against the wall from the rooftop, which was good, but then the other two guys immediately looked up, both with guns aimed at him.
Maybe don't shout 'hey’ at them next time.
“Shoot,” he muttered, ducking away immediately when he heard at least one of the guys cock his gun. “I mean, don’t! Don't shoot!” he yelled from above.To be honest, he fully expected a few bullets flying by at that point, because bad guys with guns were generally known to be shitty listeners, but there was nothing.And then there was. One clear shot, down in the alley, but there was no bullet headed his way.He jumped down, landing kind of harshly on his feet, but his stomach twisted even harder. One of the non-webbed guys had collapsed against the wall, half of his head and it contents splattered across it - and the other guy…“Oh-em-gee, Spidey! Big, big fan,” said other guy gushed, right as Peter’s senses told him to turn around. The guy had his gun pressed against his forehead before he could do anything else, though. And despite the fact that he was masked and he couldn't actually see his face, something in Peter's gut told him that this creep was pretty serious about the threat, too.Maybe because he'd already shot a man to death a few seconds ago.“Listen, Webs, so much to say, so little time, yada yada, so I’ll keep it short: you let me do my thing and I won't have to break thousands of little kids’ hearts by pulling this trigger, okay?” The guy asked. He sounded so weirdly cheerful. Peter felt his stomach twist, again.
Wade Wilson, alias Deadpool, a mercenary known for his ruthlessness and complete unpredictability. Stay on the safe side with this one, Peter.
“Thanks, Karen,” he muttered softly. Deadpool’s lenses widened. “Karen? Most people call me Deadpool, or Pool, or Jackass. But hey, call me whatever you want, you're the real celeb. Just do me a solid and stay right there, alright?” He reached back with his free hand and unsheathed something that looked like a sword - what the hell? - then winked, and in one smooth motion, swished around and pierced it right through the webbed-up-guy’s crotch. He cried out in pain.Peter had Deadpool’s sword arm webbed against the wall in an instant, and he kicked the gun out of the other hand, but the shock paralyzed him to a point where he had no clue what to do next. “What the hell?!”Deadpool tried to pull his arm free again. “You could say that again! I'm doing my job, Webs! Don't Spidey-stick me right next to this douche!”Blood was soaking through the webbing that held the balding, scruffy looking man in place. He was whining through choked sobs now, and for a moment, Peter genuinely felt throw up rising in his throat.“You chopped his penis off,” he hissed. This was too much. This had gone from an eight point two to a messed up nine, at the very least. At this point, Peter was pacing back and forth, hands rubbing over his face. “And you killed that other guy! What is wrong with you?”
Focus on your breathing, Peter, you’re dangerously close to hyperventilating.
“You’d be hyperventilating too if you had lungs, Karen!”
You might want to call an ambulance before he bleeds out.
Right. Ambulance. Peter double-webbed Deadpool, just in case (and was thanked with a loud “for fuck's sake, Spidey!”), and then reached between the web threads of the bleeding guy to find his cellphone.“Better not do that, Webs, I don't like cops,” Deadpool said, in a surprisingly calm tone, at least compared to his deeply offended tone from before. Peter refused to let that terrify him (even if it was sorta chilling him to the bone.) “I’m calling an ambulance, can't just let him die.”Deadpool scoffed at that, and leaned against the wall as casuall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
minor Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship
background Michelle Jones/Ellie Phimister/Yukio (Deadpool)

freeform: 
Slow Build
Slow Burn
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Canon-Typical Violence
Peter Parker Wants To Prove That He's A Grown Man™
Tony Stark Wants Him To GTFO
Wade Wilson Just Wants To Do His Thang
mentions of child abuse
(But Not Suffered By Any Of The Characters)
Taco Dates
Hurt/Comfort
Sloooooow build you guys I mean it
We're in this for the long run
Some angst
Some Humor
Bits of everything
Awkward Sexual Situations
Making Out
Dirty Talk
Unresolved Sexual Tension
Sex Dreams
Protective Poly Lesbians
Ned & MJ & Peter are The Squad and I love The Squad
Sexuality Crisis
Virgin Peter
Texting
Temporary Character Death
(Tragic But Short)
Author Vaguely Abuses Meme Culture
Cuddling & Snuggling
Confessions
Fondling
Premature Ejaculation
Coming In Pants
Strength Kink
Mild Masochism
Mutual Masturbation
Virginity Kink
Loss of Virginity
First Kiss
First Time
There's an alien at some point
Not involved in the sex but still worth mentioning I think
Tony Stark is a bitch but like a fatherly bitch

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
minor Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy - Relationship
background Michelle Jones/Ellie Phimister/Yukio (Deadpool)

