Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"If you're going to emotionally blackmail me into getting full-fat ice cream, Peter Benjamin Parker, at least get a good flavour! Strawberry! You know this, c'mon!"
"May… you're taste blind. It's mint choc chip or go home."
A snort and a wilting look are shot in his direction. "Just put it in the cart, Mr. Mint."
Peter grinned, dropping the carton in and pressing a chaste kiss to his Aunt's cheek. "Love you, May."
"You're going to be the death of me."
It was fall break of Peter's junior year. He was 16 now, and in all honesty, things were going great. School was good, Spider-Man was good, Mr Stark was good. His friendships with Ned, and, more recently, MJ were great. 
Liz was gone and that had sucked. But if that meant she had the chance at a fresh start, then that was what Peter wanted most.
 He did miss her at Decathlon, seeing her warm smile and smelling her light perfume in the halls, but he was okay, really. Even the nightmares about fighting Toomes had almost completely gone. 
Best of all, Aunt May had finally gotten the promotion she deserved at work, which meant that making ends meet had been just that little bit easier since July. 
And so, they were grocery shopping at the nicer place. The one with bag packers! Fall break meant that Peter'd mostly be alone in the apartment in the daytime and May wanted him to have food that boasted the least chance of burning the entire block down when he attempted to make lunch.
"Let's check out the microwave meals. They're easy, right? They're full of salt, though, so only one bag of chips a day. Hear me? I read this article that said that teenagers should only have 3.8 grams of sodium a day, and you definitely get more than that with all the junk you eat." May stopped to peruse the ready-meal section, scouring the ingredients of any that had a vegetable in.
Peter leaned in beside her and chuckled. "You know, I can bench press way more than double my weight and I fight criminals every day. I think I'm capable of making some eggs or something." He laughed when May gave him an annoyed look and raised his hands in mock-surrender, "Or not! Beef stew's fine."
May swatted his shoulder with her grocery list. "Said with such conviction for someone who brained himself on a building, huh?" 
She smirked pointedly at his right eye, which had a nice shade of yellowing purple swallowing it. 
He grimaced minutely before regaining his composure, shrugging goofily. He'd told May that he'd swung too fast round the corner of an apartment complex and gone face-first into a balcony that he didn't expect to be there. 
That… wasn't necessarily the truth.
In reality, it was a miracle that he and May could joke about the subject of Spider-Man at all. It'd taken a long while and many long explanations and conversations with him and Mr Stark for her to come round to the idea. 
At first to Mr Stark it had looked as though she was just inconsolably angry - murderous, ready to castrate, he'd described her as - but Peter knew it was more than that. 
She was frightened. She'd been completely in the dark for a long time, and it made her feel foolish and like a bad parent. Mr Stark, someone she wasn't the biggest fan of anyway, knew, and had  allowed it, not her. Peter was her everything and the thought of ever losing him was too much for her to ever think about. And this was all best expressed as anger. 
It was understandable, especially after Peter's parents, and Uncle Ben. Mr Stark had reassured Peter that he got it, that May was worried and protective for good reason, and that as his parent it was her word that was final. 
So they'd spent a few weeks with no patrolling and no contact. It'd been miserable and isolating and lonely and guilt-inducing, seeing the news of crime that he could've stopped. 
Peter missed Mr Stark, and Happy, and Rhodey, and Pepper. He missed the suit the most.
After 43 days of seeing her nephew slope about with a raincloud over his head, Aunt May had begrudgingly come round and an arrangement was made.
May was to call Tony whenever she wanted, and Tony was to pick up without fail. If he couldn't, Happy would call her back within 10 minutes. He was never to keep anything important from her, and she'd get reports of Peter's weekly suit activity sent to her email address. Peter had a curfew and a list of crimes he wasn't to stop.
After that, it got easier. Above all May wanted Peter to be happy and she wanted him to help people. She was proud of him. Slowly but surely, she began to talk about Spider-Man with more respect than disdain. She started asking about patrol, asking about how the suit worked, how it felt to be enhanced, how she could help. How Tony was doing (honestly!).
But that didn't mean he told her everything. The black eye was one of those things. 
Frankie Masterson, a sophomore that Peter had known from band before he'd quit for patrolling, was small. He was around 5'2 and had no muscle about him whatsoever.
In essence, Peter wou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & May Parker (Spider-Man)

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Protective Tony Stark
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Anxiety
Spidey Senses
Gratuitous Overuse Of The Phrase Spidey Senses
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Homophobic Language
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Seizures

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & May Parker (Spider-Man)

