Work Text:

Oatmeal raisin cookies. She wasn’t expecting oatmeal raisin cookies.  

To look at Steve Rogers, one might think he’d smell like the great outdoors.  Cedar wood. Bonfires. Flannel. Something manly. 

Patriotism.  And Freedom. And Eagles.  


Not

 oatmeal raisin cookies.  

But nonetheless, when Darcy Catherine Lewis met her alpha, she smelled oatmeal raisin cookies.  She locked eyes with the steely blue gaze of America’s favorite poster boy. 

And then, she turned the other way and ran.  

Because hell to the no.  No way was her alpha Captain Fucking America.  

No way in hell.  

She wasn’t sure why running was her first instinct.  Weren’t all ‘good’ omegas supposed to bat their eyelashes and fall over themselves to make their alpha look at them?  

Steve Rogers 

was

 looking at her.  And it wasn’t exactly in the way she’d imagined.  But then again, she’d never imagined turning tail and running headlong in the opposite direction either.  

Her heels clicked on the tiled floor and she slipped only once, but she was already in the elevator anyway, so she reached out to grab the hand rail.  She toed out of her heels and mashed the close door button. Not that it mattered. 

Her alpha wasn’t chasing her.  

And that was fine.  She was fine with that.  She didn’t want him chasing her.  Captain America was always at the head of a long line of trouble.  And she didn’t need that in her life. No sir.

If anything was fine, 

this 

was fine.  

Darcy took a deep breath and tried to ignore the tiny stab of disappointment that he hadn’t even attempted to follow her.  

The tiny stab threatened to grow when the doors opened on the floor of the lab and lo and behold, no Captain Dorito on the other side.  No faint scent of oatmeal raisin cookies either. 

Rolling her eyes, Darcy stalked out of the elevator and down towards the door.  Fumbling for her security badge, she swiped it just as the other set of elevator doors dinged and opened.  She turned slightly, lab door in hand, to see her alpha step off the elevator. 

He skidded to a halt when he caught her gaze.  “Ms. Lewis?” he asked, his voice echoing in the empty hall.  

“You know my name?” she countered.  

“Tony did…” he was quick to answer.  “Said you’re the best damn lab manager he’s got, so I’d better not do anything to jeopardize…” he trailed off.  “You know… 

you

.”

“Don’t you want to know why I ran?” Darcy asked, still holding the door open.  Kind of an offering. Kind of not. 

Steve was definitely as polite as everyone said he was. Painfully so.  

“I figured you’d tell me.  Or you wouldn’t. It’s no skin off my nose.”  The corner of his mouth tugged upward in a half-smile that could have melted glaciers.  

“You’re kind of a lot,” she said, drumming her nails on the edge of the door.  “I need time. And space.” 

“I can give you that.”  

“Can you?  Mr. 

Alpha

?”  

“A good alpha gives their omega what 

their omega

 needs. And if you need space? Time?  You’re gonna have it.” 

“That a star-spangled guarantee?” she asked, grinning coyly.  

He nodded once. “Absolutely.”

 
Of course Steve was acting like the perfect gentleman.  Even though she could totally see his nostrils flare when she entered the room.  

Darcy hadn’t asked him what her scent was.  She didn’t want to know. She didn’t want to get too close to this yet.

She knew from talking to Jane that once an alpha found their mate, it was only a matter of time before the hormones got the better of them. Most bond-pairs used this time to get to know one another.  But Darcy knew there would be plenty of time to do that. They’d have the rest of their lives, right? 

Well.  As long as that could be, she supposed.  With Steve, it seemed like he was living on borrowed time.  Especially given how he treated that bod of his. Hard days in the gym.  Jumping out of planes with no parachute. Jumping out of buildings. Fighting evil robots.  

She swallowed the lump that always rose in her throat.  As soon as she bonded with him, that was it. She was in this.  She was in this with a dude who fought evil robots and wore the good-old stars n’ stripes to do it.  

It hurt already to think of losing him and she didn’t even have him yet.  

Darcy cradled her laptop, pulling it close to her chest as she entered the small conference room.  Steve was leaning against the wall, towards the back of the room. 

She wasn’t sure if it was the overwhelming scent of oatmeal raisin cookies, or her barely contained desire to be near him, if she was testing his resolve (or hers?) or if it was something else entirely, but Darcy chose the seat nearest him.  In fact, when she scooted the chair back, it brushed against his shoe. 

She took her seat and stayed facing the front, her eyes glued on the screen at the front of the room. His scent was overwhelming.  Everywhere. She could feel his eyes on her. Feel the tension in his body. 

Tension that she, as his omega, wanted to assuage.  

It might have been a mistake, s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Meet-Cute
Soulmates
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Darcy Lewis
Omega Verse
Alpha/Omega
Teasing
Banter
Scents & Smells
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bonding
Biting
Knotting
Nipple Play
Vaginal Fingering
Doggy Style
Growling
Growly Steve Rogers
Romance
Wordcount: 5.000-10.000
One Shot

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

