Work Text:
Johnny always felt vaguely guilty doing this, but sometimes after a long day in Peter’s company, it was what he needed to unwind, something he needed to get out of his system. To get the longing ache he felt when Peter smiled at him a certain way back under control, he told himself, except he’d been doing this for far longer than he’d known Peter’s face. Back then it had been just Spider-Man, with that red mask and those big blank eyes, and that body. Before he’d known his face, Johnny had sometimes imagined him shrugging out of the top half of the costume, ditching the gloves, letting Johnny run his hands over his bare, hard chest and strong arms. But mostly his fantasies had involved him keeping the costume on, shoving his tights down. He’d imagine Spider-Man telling him to get on his knees as he stuck his own fingers in his mouth.
He’d kept the mask in his fantasies for a few months after he’d learned Spider-Man’s civilian identity. He felt a little guiltier, but Peter Parker was a real person with a name and a face -- heavy eyebrows and kissable lips and dark, thick hair Johnny could’ve tangled his fingers in -- and a job and an incredibly hot girlfriend he looked at like she hung the stars.
Spider-Man was faceless, and in Johnny’s imagination he could be all his.
But then he spent time with Peter, out of the mask. Warm, funny, infuriating Peter with those big brown eyes and that smile, crooked and wry, a little surprised every time like he didn’t give the real thing away that easily and hadn’t expected Johnny to coax it out of him.
Johnny wanted to make him smile all the time.
And then Peter had taken his face away. It was just for a little while, and he hadn’t done it to be cruel to Johnny. Hell, he hadn’t been thinking about Johnny at all, which made it so much worse. Peter would have gone on keeping his face and his name from Johnny, if Johnny hadn’t realized. If he hadn’t pressed so hard for Peter to take his mask back off. He’d had to fight for that – his best friend’s face.
He’d missed Peter’s face so much when he’d been made to forget it. He imagined Peter letting him take off his mask for him, how smooth the fabric would feel underneath Johnny’s fingertips as Peter’s face, familiar again, was revealed. He’d trace his cheekbones, the bridge of his nose, the shape of his lips.
Peter would kiss him, Johnny knew. He could practically feel warm, demanding lips over his own and it made him sigh, chest aching a little, his fingers skimming down his stomach to curl around his cock. He kept his touch leisurely; he knew Peter would take his time to explore. That scientific mind at work with a new element – Johnny would have hated how everything about Peter turned him on, if he didn’t love it so much.
Peter would kiss him, and Peter would strip him, those strong hands impossibly gentle, and Peter would lay him out on the bed and he’d probably talk the whole time, because Peter never could shut up. Why should he be any different in the bedroom?
In Johnny’s fantasies, what he talked about was Johnny. How good he looked, all spread out for Peter, how hard he made him. How good he felt inside. Johnny worked his slick fingers inside himself, biting his lip. See what you’re missing? he thought at Peter, wherever he was tonight. Tight and hot and all for him, if only he’d ever notice.
He let himself be a little loud as he pumped his fingers, because in his fantasies Peter would want him to be loud. Peter would want to know just how everything he did drove Johnny wild, and he’d take his time, enjoying how Johnny fell apart for him.
Johnny didn’t have that kind of patience in him tonight. 
Let’s go grab dinner, maybe a movie, Peter had said. He’d left out the part of the evening where he’d talked Johnny’s ear off about his love troubles, how he couldn’t seem to make things click with Carlie Cooper (Johnny remembered her from May’s wedding – cute, if nerdy girls were your thing) and how his hot roommate Michele wanted him dead for reasons Peter assured Johnny were “completely not my fault”, and, most importantly, how Mary Jane was back in town.
Fuck, but Johnny needed to get laid. What he should have done was gone out, hit a club, found a hot guy who looked interested in holding him down. But he was too wound up to trust himself not to throw himself at some dude who’d probably run screaming to the tabloids about the Human Torch, en fuego. 
It was fine; Johnny could take care of himself, when he had to. Shakily, he drew his fingers out.
He teased at himself with the head of the dildo, because Peter would be a tease. He’d make Johnny beg for it. Peter in Johnny’s fantasies was just as pushy and infuriating and impossible in the bedroom as he always was out of it – and Johnny loved it.
He started to push it in – slowly, at first. Control was something both he and Peter both knew a little too much about. It had become a game he played with himself over the years: how long he could fantasize about Spider-Man f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm

