Work Text:
Peter was, honest to god, excited about this year’s trip to Stark Industries. Not only would he get to get to go to the tower during school hours, but he could probably show Ned around his lab -he still couldn’t believe he had his own lab- while they were there. He hadn’t really wanted to ask Mr.Stark to have Ned over because he knew how Mr. Stark felt about kids, but the school had convinced SI to give them a tour spot, so he would already be there.Then Mr. Stark had been over to his apartment, and the permission slip was pinned to the fridge and he had turned to him with that smirk that promised trouble. Peter had begged Tony not to make a big deal out of it, but we’ll, it’s Tony Stark. Of course he’s going to make a big deal out of it.So Peter slouched down in his seat, arms crossed over his backpack as he unhappily eyes the passing buildings, bouncing along with the rest of the bus. “What’s wrong, Parker? Scared that we’re all going to find out you lied about that internship?” Flash sneered from the seat behind where he and Ned sat.“Shut up, Flash.” Ned glowered and turned to Peter.“Why are you so upset, anyways. You finally get to show me your lab.” Ned grinned at his friend. It’s all he’d been thinking about for weeks.“Please, as if Penis Parker has a lab. We all know the internship is made up anyways.” Flash rolled his eyes.“You don’t know what you’re talking about.” Ned bristled, but Peter put his hand out.“It’s fine, Ned.” He shook his head, “Just let him talk.”Then the bus screeched to a stop, and the thirty kids that qualified for the trip filed out and into the lobby. Near the back, by the service elevator, stood Mandy, one of the real Stark Industry interns. She passed out lanyard IDs that served as location markers and security passes for the kids. When she got to Peter, she just smiled, “Hey, Peter. Excited for the tour?”Peter shrugged as she handed a lanyard to Ned.“This is so cool!” Ned tilted the plastic ID back and forth, watching the light bounce off of the holographic surface.“Alright, everyone have one?” Mandy scanned the crowd. “Good. My name is Mandy, I’m your tour guide today. Don’t lose these passes. They mark you as a guest to FRIDAY, and without them you won’t be able to get through any doors, not even to go to the bathroom.”“You don’t have a lanyard, doofus. FRIDAY is gonna lock you out.” Flash snickered as he bumped into Peter.Mandy cocked her head in confusion, catching Flash’s comment. “Peter doesn’t need one.”Flash waited until Mandy started talking about FRIDAY again to turn to Peter. “Huh. How much are you paying her to pretend to know you?”“I’m not.” Peter ground out in frustration.Flash rolled his eyes. “Yeah, right.”Mandy, shuffled them into the service elevator, apologizing for not using the main elevator. They were just too big to all fit in the main elevator, but the large service elevator, used mainly for transporting large objects like metals and machine parts, fit them all.“Can I push the button?” Flash pushed his way to where Mandy was standing.Mandy chuckled. “There are no buttons. FRIDAY, please take us to level 4.”“Of course, Mandy.”The elevator started moving up, and it was a short ride, considering they were only going four floors. Once the doors opened, Mandy led them out into the showcase area. Which was shelves of different objects or specs in display cases.“This floor is mostly just displays of old or discarded Stark Industry products. For example: here we have the very first model of the Stark Phone.” Mandy opened the case and pulled out a dated phone.“Woah, Peter.” Ned breathed, starstruck. “You can come up here whenever you want?”“I guess. I didn’t know what was on this floor until now.” Peter replied, looking around at all the models and specs. He recognized Mr. Stark’s handwriting on a few encased napkins.
For a moment, Peter was lost in the tour, happily being ushered along, learning about SI, which was what he’d wanted to do since he was a kid.Then they walked through the hallways of the intern labs. While Peter mostly used his internship hours to go out as Spiderman, or work on webs and things in his lab, he did occasionally come down to the official intern labs to say hi or grab some coffee. He could talk science with them without getting confused stares or being told to shut up, which was nice. The interns were actually working on some pretty cool things. Mandy was working on a cure for cancer. Peter waved as he passed the labs, seeing interns heads pop up like gophers as his class passed quite noisily.“Who are you waving at, Parker?” Flash bumped his shoulder as he passed.“They’re my...” He didn’t want to label them as friends, they weren’t that close, and they weren’t exactly coworkers.“They intern with Peter, duh.” Michelle shouldered past them both.The class shuffled onward as Mandy chattered about the different projects going on. When they got to the end of the hallway, the telltale clicking of heels on the floor drew the class’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Stark Industries
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
I feel like I'm overtagging
those fics where peter goes on a field trip to the tower
First work on ao3

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

