Chapter 1



Notes:
Here we go! This is going to be between 6 and 10 chapters* long; for now, I'll post a chapter per week (maybe more, not less).*haha just kidding... Who knows how long this will be!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Peter felt the explosion shake his bones. It was impossibly loud; his ears were filled with noise, noise, and then nothing but ringing. He felt a surface pressing his back, his limbs, and something heavy on his chest… it felt like concrete. He must be on the ground, though that didn’t explain the weight on top of him. His head spun and screamed like it’d been cracked open- maybe it had. His vision wasn’t swimming, it was drowning. Everything was dark, speckled with faint flares of light. His mouth was filled with something coppery, and he choked when he opened it to gasp for air. Air. He couldn’t breathe. Something was on top of him, something heavy, crushing him like the building had… Was he dreaming? For once, he wished to see the Vulture. To be in a nightmare, instead of here. Maybe if he closed his eyes…   ----  He wasn’t in his bed when he woke. He hadn’t opened his eyes, and he already knew that much. He inhaled, relieved when air filled his lungs, though it smelled sharp, like antiseptic. Medbay, then. It had been real. The next thing that registered was the burning pain in his ribs and the back of his head. He felt his eyes watering despite being closed. He wasn’t sure he wanted to open them. He could feel an IV in the crook of his arm; they were giving him something, but it wasn’t doing much. He wanted to fall asleep again. His body didn’t hurt when he was asleep, though he couldn’t say the same for his mind. He started to do just that before registering that his hand was oddly warm. He cursed his curious teenage mind, then cracked one of his eyes open to look down.Bad idea.The light was more agonizing than the pain in his head and ribs put together and doubled. He let out a faint sound that definitely wasn’t a whimper, wishing he could bury himself in a deep, dark hole of ice packs. Through the roaring that was still in his ears, he thought he heard someone say his name. He couldn’t bring himself to focus on the sound. The last thought he had before drifting off again was that he hoped he wasn’t worrying anyone.----The next time he woke up, he felt relievingly number. They must’ve upped his painkillers, his fuzzy brain provided. He felt like he was laying on pancakes. What? Never mind. Focus, he told himself. The air still smelled on the sharper side of too clean, so he was still in the hospital. The residue in his ears had subsided to a faint ring. His hand was still weirdly warmer than the rest of his body. His surroundings weren’t painfully bright through his eyelids, so he took a chance on peeking out of his left one. No pain. The room was dim, thank god. Everything was blurry and unfocused, but he made out the unmistakable shape of Tony’s goatee by his side.“T’ny?” he mumbled. The shape jolted and inhaled sharply, squeezing his hand. Huh, that’s why it was warm.“Oh, thank fuck. Oh my god, kid. You scared the shit out of me, I’m not even kidding.”“S’rry,” Peter slurred, and the Tony-blob quickly shook its head.“It’s not your fault. How do you feel? Need more painkillers?”“M’good. Wha’ happ’ned?” Peter tried to tilt his head and drew in a sharp breath, aborting the movement.“Easy, easy. Don’t try and move yet. There was a bomb…”“Bomb,” Peter repeated, trying to rack his brain for memory and failing. He blinked.“Yeah, a bomb,” Tony sighed. “We were wrapping up in Jersey City, everyone was heading back to the Quinjet, and a bomb went off. It was hidden, there was no way anyone could’ve… Anyway, you’re going to be alright. Just a head injury and broken ribs.”“H’ many people…”“No civilians,” Tony said carefully, and Peter turned his head, searing pain be damned. Tony lifted his free hand and rubbed his forehead.“Tell me,” said Peter, his voice hoarse.“Nobody’s dead, but…”“... But?” Peter prompted, a hint of panic spiking in the back of his mind.“Barnes…. He hasn’t woken up yet.”Peter’s breath caught in his chest. His vision grew blurrier, and his mouth dried. Something started beeping, and he heard Tony imploring him to breathe, please breathe… He sucked in a lungful of air, his ribs screaming in protest. It would be easier to give into the darkness edging his vision, but Bucky. He had to know about Bucky. So he forced himself to take measured breaths until Tony’s voice became clear and his goatee stopped being two goatees. “Why?” he finally managed. Tony hesitated, and Peter fixed him with a wretched look.“He threw himself on top of you, kid. That’s why you have head trauma and busted ribs instead of a broken spine and a coma.”Peter let out a shuddering breath. He didn’t wince at the pain that shot through his ribcage. “He ‘as a broken spine?”Tony pressed his lips together as if he was chastising himself. “Yeah.”P
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Major Character Injury
Bombs
Guilt
Self-Blame Complexes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Angst
Boatloads and boatloads of angst
Hurt/Comfort
lack of self-care
Dissociation
Coma
get out your tissues
it's a sad one
There is NO major character death
Don't worry
Happy Ending
Superfamily

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

