Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The smell was the worst.If I hadn't known that I could get out any time I wanted, this probably would have been just as horrifying as the Trio had planned. As it was I'd created a force field immediately after being locked in but I was still stuck with the stink of the air trapped inside of the force field with me.Oxygen was paramagnetic; I knew that from chemistry class. However I'd never worked out how to control oxygen with my powers, something that I was obviously going to have to rectify.I sighed as I heard the bell ring and the footsteps retreating. It stung that no one had thought to help me or even tell a teacher. There was a time when I would have been furious, railed against the cowardice of people who should have had more courage.My expectations had been lowered over time to the point that I was hardly surprised. The hardest thing was keeping my temper under control. I was fully capable of making the locker explode, and the fact that it would have undoubtedly turned some of the students outside into a paste was not bothering it as much as it should have. It was good that they were gone. I waited until I felt the iron in everyone's blood moving out of sight. It felt like it took forever even though it was a matter of only a couple of minutes. Without my powers I'd have been kicking and screaming. I might even have been stuck in here for hours. If the Trio had known what I could do they'd have never locked me in a metal locker. A quick use of my power and the lock spun outside. A moment later the lock slipped off the locker and I was outside of the locker. I wasn't going to be able to stay at school, not with the filth that was covering me. Hopefully the Trio would assume that the school janitor came to let me out, or even that some member of the student body had helped. I crushed the lock into a tiny ball and slipped it into my pocket.Something was going to have to be done about Emma and Sophia. They were escalating at an alarming rate and without any consequences it wouldn't be long before I was forced to do things to them that I didn't want to do.If I could have gone to the authorities it would be easier, but long experience had shown me that was closed off to me. Emma and Sophia had some kind of mysterious hold on  the school administration.The fact that I didn't react to anything they did only made them escalate further, and it fueled a rage that I'd been trying to keep myself from expressing, because if I did it could end badly.Maybe it was time for me to stop practicing and planning and actually do the thing me and Emma had talked about when we'd been friends. Maybe it was time for me to become a hero. If I waited much longer I suspected I'd end up as a villain; it ran in the family after all.As I left the school I scowled. Learning that my grandfather had been one of the greatest villains of his world should have horrified me. Yet the more I learned from my father and from things my mother had written, the more intrigued I became.My grandfather had been called a terrorist, a villain on a scale that rarely was seen on Earth Bet. He'd been incredibly strong, with powers to put entire super teams down. He'd had a philosophy, one which I wasn't sure I entirely agreed with.I stepped outside the school. There was no guard to stop me, no lanyard on my neck to reassure everyone that this was a place where I belonged. Those were for schools that the city cared about. Winslow was where the forgotten were left to die. ********** “So you mean I'm actually Jewish?” I asked. I was twelve and my powers had just manifested. They weren't much, just seeing magnetic fields and moving small objects, but they were enough that the first person I told was Dad. Emma had been curiously cold recently so I hadn't told her. Strangely, learning that Mom wasn't actually from Earth Bet wasn't the thing that shocked me the most. Even knowing that her father had been a villain didn't phase me.Yet I'd been telling Empire 88 kids for years that just because my last name was Hebert didn't mean that I was a Jew. I hadn't disliked Jews, but I hadn't wanted to be bullied by even more of the school's populace.“Your grandmother wasn't Jewish, and it's passed through the mother's side,” Dad said. “So...no? Your mom was raised as a Methodist and she never considered herself Jewish.”“So what was granddad like?” I asked.“Disappointed in your mom for not being a parahuman. They had different words for it in their world, some of them ugly.” Dad stared at me, then looked down at his hands. “He'd have been pleased to know that you were a mutant.”Mutant. It didn't sound like a particularly pleasant word. I rolled it around in my mind. “It happens at puberty on their world,” Dad said. “They don't just....trigger like people do here. There are other people who do, of course, but they aren't considered the same as mutants.”At my look her held up his hand and shook his head. “Don't ask me to explain it; I don't reall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
