Chapter 1





Chapter Text

August, 2007:
 “Barnes, cautious advance. We don’t know what they were storing in here, but whatever you find is going to have to go straight to the science department.”“Copy that.”Bucky Barnes kept his gun up, using its light to guide hi. way through the warehouse. He hoped whatever was stored in here wasn’t anything temperature-dependent, because the electricity in this place had clearly been off for some time. The air was musty in a way that only came when it had been sitting still for months, and the only other living being Bucky had encountered so far was the near-sentient mold in the coffee pot.His partner, SHIELD Agent Olewalokami Mbondu, was stationed out back, ready to take out anyone who might have tried to escape that way, but they both privately knew there wasn’t going to be anyone. This place was too old, too abandoned, to have anyone in it. Bucky had been doing this long enough to know what it felt like when a place was empty.Still, it didn’t pay to be sloppy; that was how otherwise good agents wound up dead. So Bucky listened to his and Mbondu’s handler, Agent Merritt, as she advised him to advance cautiously, not taking anything for granted.“Spotted the door,” he told them. “Should take me into the main storage room. I’m going.”“Acknowledged." Merritt’s voice was professional, but it bore an edge. She had been getting crankier the longer the op went on, and Bucky couldn’t blame her: this was the third place they had looked for their asshole of a target this week, and the other two warehouses had been just as empty.Bucky tried the doorknob one-handed, just in case, and couldn’t hold back a noise of disgust as it opened under a single turn.“Barnes?" Merritt’s voice got a lot sharper.“Not a problem,” he said, sweeping the huge, empty room on the other side of the door with his gun. “Just the damn door wasn’t even locked, that’s all—sloppy assholes. There’s nothing here, Mer. I clock two... three crates in the whole damn place, and one of those is barely big enough to hold a cat.”“Yeah, well, go find out if our Schrodinger has been pulling any shenanigans anyway, would you?”Mbondu snorted, and when she spoke her Oxford accent was distinctive over the comm. “Physics jokes, Merritt?”“I thought it was a philosophy joke,” Merritt said with amusement.Bucky worked his way around the room, staying vigilant as he reached the first crate. “Papers,” he reported, prying it open.“I’ll forward it to the geek squad anyway,” Merritt sighed. “Next one?”If Bucky were calling it, he would have said it would be the third crate—the one in the center of the room—that would get him. But it was the second crate, the small one that didn’t look big enough to hold much of anything, that held the trap. When he opened it, a lightning-bug glow flashed before his eyes, swirling around the crate like... Well, actually, it reminded him of a speak-and-say, one of those educational toys for little kids where you pulled the string and the little device whirled around... Because I pulled the string,  he realized.  The crate was boobie-trapped, and opening it pulled the... whatever this is... That was all he had time to think before the light flared, the ground vanished, and he was falling, falling, into a sky full of first stars and then clouds, and then there was ground beneath him, rushing up, closer, closer—He shut his eyes, bracing for the impact—  May, 1943: When he hit, it wasn’t on the ground, and he wasn’t moving nearly as fast as he had been expecting. The drop was more like five feet than five hundred, and he landed face-down on a large wooden desk.For a moment, he was too stunned to move. His arms were spread to either side, his gun still gripped too-tightly his right hand; his chin had hit the wood, and stars were springing up in his eyes. He was lucky he hadn’t bit right through his damn  tongue. His hips, knees and dick were all singing arias of pain, and his feet dangled over the far end of the desk. (It was that or a sacrificial altar, because  what else was that size? But there was a map of Europe under his cheek, which did seem like a clue.)His gun was ripped from his hand; he scrabbled upward, but by the time he even had his chin up, the gun was already nuzzling up to his neck.“Shit,” he said. He went cross-eyed looking down towards where the muzzle would be, but the angle was bad. He cautiously lowered himself back down to the desk and raised his hands over his head.“Oh, well done.” The voice behind him was crisp and feminine, the accent straight Received Pronounciation. “Now, I’m going to keep pointing this  lovely weapon at you, and you’re going to get off my desk, move into the center of the tent, and get to your knees, with your hands on your head.”“Sure thing,” Bucky said, and it wasn’t like he hadn’t been trained in what to do in this situation, so he immediately started trying to look cooperative and non-threatening, hunching his shoulders and keeping his voice meek. “I’m gonn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Shrunkyclunks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
SHIELD Agent Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Humor
Angst and Fluff and Smut
In spite of the torture and pseudo character death it's really quite wholesome
NSFW Art

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

