Work Text:
Peter entered the boardroom with a tray of Starbucks and immediately prayed thanks for whatever higher power was out there that he had used the restroom before coming upstairs because he absolutely would have pissed himself. The only head that turned his way belonged to Tony Stark. The Tony Stark. You know, the CEO of Stark Industries, the wealthiest man in the world, the most eligible bachelor, so-on-and-so-forth. In a room full of “important” people the single most important one of all was the one who paid Peter Parker, lowly intern, any mind.“Oh thank god,” Stark said. Peter drank him in, feeling like he was under water; Tony Stark was even more handsome in person than he was in pictures. That was literally possible. Sound came back in all at once when Stark stood, his chair scraping the floor. The meeting had stopped entirely, which was literally the opposite of what Peter had been told to do. He was supposed to bring the coffee in, set it down without disrupting anything, and then leave. “Bring those here, set them down,” Stark said, waving Peter over.Peter’s feet finally unstuck and he started to walk. No one even so much as glanced at him. Except Stark, who watched him with dark, intense eyes. God and those eyelashes. Peter’s hands shook as he lowered the cardboard tray and started to unload the drinks. “Who ordered-”“Me. They’re all for me. I literally can’t keep my eyes open right now, ace job on getting here so fast,” Stark cut him off. He wasn’t looking at the coffee though, his eyes were still on Peter. Peter swallowed a nervous laugh, flushing and placing all four cups in front of Tony, the two iced ones he carefully put on napkins.Stark leaned over and moved the cups, rearranging them. The motion sent the man’s cologne wafting over Peter, who breathed it in greedily. Stay cool, stay cool, Peter thought over and over, his heart pounding. Task done, he backed up and stumbled over the leg of the chair. Oh no, he thought in panic, his entire body flooding with embarrassment. It was just a little stumble, he wasn’t going to fall to the ground or anything equally terrifying but it drew attention to him in a way he was not prepared for. Especially when a strong hand caught his arm completely unnecessarily. Peter, eyes wide with wonder, stuttered out a thank you and excused himself in a hurry.Tony Stark touched him and it was literally the most terrifying and exciting thing that had ever happened to him. He leaned on the wall outside of the boardroom and ran his hands over his face before he reached into his pocket and took his phone out. A business card fluttered to the floor and Peter stooped to pick it up slowly, already reading the name in thick block letters on the front. Tony Stark, CEO Stark Industries Peter flipped it, seeing a short handwritten note on the back. The letters were stocky and computer-like, exactly what Peter would imagine Tony Stark’s handwriting to look like. Text me when you find this. The next line was a phone number and Peter dropped his phone in his urgency. Thankfully it was in a LifeProof case and just bounced harmlessly off the mirror-shined tile flooring. He proceeded to flee to the elevators then to the restrooms several floors down, his phone already pressed to his ear.“I’m at work, is this seriously a three-call emergency,” Michelle said in annoyance when she finally answered. Peter cupped his hand over the phone and huddled against the bathroom stall. No one had come in but he was two seconds from freaking out, he had to keep his voice low or he was going to shout. “Tony Stark just gave me his phone number and said to text him,” Peter rushed out. There was a brief silence. He knew she believed him, she had to, he wouldn’t joke about-“That is a three-call emergency,” Michelle said seriously, “Did you text him?”“No, God no, I don’t even know what to say,” Peter hissed. “What happened, what was the context?”“I delivered Starbucks to the board meeting. Well, just to Mr. Stark, apparently he ordered four coffees just for himself-”“Cut to the chase, and?”“And that’s it. I tripped over his chair and I guess he slipped his card in my pocket when he caught me.” “You are a walking cliche, Parker, seriously,” Michelle cackled, “He’s a pig and he wants to fuck you.”“Do you really think so?” “Geez, don’t sound so excited to be objectified,” Michelle said, flippant as ever. “What else would he want with an attractive, young, twink intern, to read your thesis?”“I just…oh my god. Michelle. This is…amazing. This is everything I’ve dreamed of since I was twelve years old. This is…horrible. I’m not ready, I haven’t shaved. I haven’t-”“I had no idea you were such a groupie,” Michelle said, sounding genuinely surprised. Peter went silent. “Not slut shaming. Go for it, seriously.” She really sounded genuine though, which made him feel slightly better.Peter stared at his phone and the digits on the card, hesitating, then punching them in to a new message. He went with a simple 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Interns & Internships
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Face-Fucking
Deepthroating
Breathplay
Choking
Biting
Rough Oral Sex
Hand Jobs
Semi-Public Sex
College Student Peter

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

