Chapter 1: Welcome To Hell
    




Chapter Text
Well, Tony thinks with a groan as he reaches up to cradle his pounding head, that could’ve gone a lot worse.
He could have ended up dead, for one thing, which is always a possibility when he carries through with these idiotic plans of his - Pepper would’ve had a fit if he’d told her about this one - or the Asgardians could have just left him on the battlefield, decided he wasn’t worth the trouble of bringing him back to camp, or he could have made it through the entire fight without taking a scratch, which, yes, is an outcome much to be desired normally, but absolutely useless in terms of Tony’s plan. Yeah, the idiotic one.
So really, the fact that he’s woken up lying in the dirt in the middle of the Asgardians’ encampment with heavy cuffs around his wrists means that everything’s going his way. 
Though he probably should have considered bringing some aspirin with him, because ow. 
His bare hands are freezing, fucking Russia, fucking winter, fucking winter in Russia, but they feel good as he presses his fingertips gently against the throbbing pulse in his temple, awkwardly thanks to the cuffs holding his wrists together. He still hasn’t opened his eyes but he can tell that these cuffs won’t be easy to slip, if their ridiculous weight is anything to go by. Solid metal, heavy, did he say they were heavy, and thick, covering at least two inches of wrist, nothing like the human handcuffs he’s practiced at getting out of, to have an extra safeguard when he lets people chain him down in the bedroom.
But now isn’t the time to be bitching about his less-than-stellar accommodations; he’s here for a reason, and that’s not it. Really, he doesn’t actually want to slip his cuffs.
No, Tony’s on a mission.
He has five days to collect as much data about the Asgardians as he can. Five days. He can survive whatever they throw at him for five days. He needs this, needs to know what they’re up against, since nobody who’s already done this has said a word.
Not one. Not during debriefings, even when the cameras are turned off, not under truth serum, or hypnosis, not with anything that SHIELD’s desperate enough to throw at them to make them talk, and Tony doesn’t want to think about how desperate SHIELD is right now. All of that, everything they’ve tried - Tony rocked up to one guy with a bottle of scotch and his best no-judgment face, and that didn’t fly either - something’s still holding them back.
But Tony needs to know the variables involved if he’s going to do anything about working this out. Tony needs information, and if he can’t get it from the people who know, he’ll just have to find out for himself.
Of course, he’s in violation of Fury’s orders to keep himself safe; Tony’s valuable, since his suits are nearly the only things that put a dent in the Asgardians. But Tony’s the last person on Earth to give a shit about Fury’s orders, and Fury should have seen this coming; he knows it’s not like Tony follows orders anyway. And maybe he did see it coming, after all. Frankly, given that the Iron Man plans are on file, he’d probably be pretty relieved if Tony didn’t get given back at the end of the week with everybody else. 
But he will be. Probably. The Asgardians have returned four hundred and sixty-one of the four hundred and sixty-seven people they’ve taken, so all Tony has to do is make sure he keeps his head down just far enough that they don’t execute him for anything, play nice and notice everything he can, and get back to his lab and start making actual progress on beating these alien bastards. 
Tony draws in a breath of cold, sharp air; it kicks him into gear, calm and alert, and he opens his eyes.
He’s lying on his back, staring upwards at what would be the sky if the Asgardians didn’t fuck around with things that shouldn’t be physically possible, like, say, shields of pure energy surrounding their camp. The shield looks different from the inside; all Tony’s ever seen of it is this giant gold bubble, shimmering and glowing and giving absolutely no legitimate readings to his sensors. From in here it’s tiny, so much smaller than the real arc of the sky that it’s ridiculous, like they’re trapped under a bowl or something. The shield’s transparent enough to see clouds drifting along in the real sky outside, and a slim crescent moon sitting about a foot above the horizon, just in Tony’s sight. Night and day, all mixed up into one glittering psychedelic yellow canvas.
It almost feels like magic.
Obviously it’s not. Tony’ll buy magic in terms of any sufficiently advanced technology, but he refuses to believe in the pure Harry Potter stuff. Everything the Asgardians are doing has an explanation under the laws of physics, and if all goes perfectly, that explanation is exactly what Tony’s here to learn. The Asgardians just have a hell of a projector, that’s all, it’s just a supersized planetarium. But given that the supersized planetarium is also what’s keeping out every long-ran
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Thor
others

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
FrostIron - Freeform
Warprize!Tony
Porn With Plot
Warning list inside
Consent Issues
Dubious Consent
Discussions of non-con
Suicidal Thoughts
Warning: Loki
Developing Relationship
Explicit Sexual Content
Dom/sub
Bondage
Cropping
pain play
Bloodplay
Collars
Exhibitionism
Other kinks
Sensual and complicated

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Thor
others

