Work Text:
It’s a nondescript sort of a Wednesday morning when the Winter Soldier walks into SHIELD headquarters, bold as brass, and announces his intention to surrender. As he drops to his knees, hands behind his head, and is swarmed by heavily armed agents, he does consider for a moment whether this was the best idea he’s ever had. 
By the time he’s made up his mind about it, he is already in an interrogation room in a heavily reinforced subbasement, and leaving is not an option. It’s lucky, then, that he’s decided in favor of cooperation. 
He shifts in his seat, eyeing the one-way mirror that fills the far wall, and wonders if there’s a way to scratch his nose that won’t look undignified. His right wrist is cuffed to the table in front of him; his left is gone with the rest of that arm, detached within half an hour of his surrender and spirited off to some lab, no doubt to be checked over thoroughly for booby traps. He can’t really blame them for it, nor for the itchy nose, but he does wish there was a solution that wouldn’t damage his mystique.
He stops worrying about his mystique, and his nose, when the door slides open and a woman walks in. She is petite, and red-haired, and he has spent the last six months trying very hard to kill her and her teammates. His resounding lack of success is due in no small part to this woman, and her frustrating ability to be two steps ahead of him at all times without giving so much as a hint away to him.
“So you’re giving up, then?” she asks, raising an eyebrow at him. He shrugs as best he can. “That doesn’t seem like your style.”
“See, that’s one of the reasons I’m giving up,” he says. “You people seem to know what my style is a lot better than I do. I’d like to know why.”
“That’s why you surrendered?” she asks, and for just the skin of a second she seems genuinely surprised. He doesn’t think he was supposed to notice; he doesn’t think he’s supposed to be able to read her even the little bit that he can. That’s another mystery that he wants solved.
“It’s one reason,” the Winter Soldier says. “Another is that my employers were growing impatient with my lack of results. I was not... enthusiastic about the prospect of facing their displeasure.”
“You didn’t want your head scrambled again,” she said. “You didn’t want to be put back on ice.”
“You know about--” he begins, and she cuts him off with an impatient wave.
“You don’t remember anything from before-- what, seven, eight months ago, yes?” He nods. “But you know things, nonetheless-- languages, battle tactics, the streets of cities you’ve never set foot in. And you don’t know how you know those things. Am I correct?”
He nods, mutely. He is beginning to suspect he never stood a chance against this woman, or her team. This is only confirmed when she continues to speak.
“You have dreams, sometimes. You can never quite remember them when you wake up. You have holes in your head, blank spots where you know the memories should be, but they’re always just beyond retrieving. You’re starting to think you might not be the person you’ve been made to think you are. Am I leaving anything out?”
He shakes his head, then reconsiders. “Well, I--” he begins, then stops. The redheaded woman only looks at him, calm and even, as though he has never held a knife to her throat.
“I got tired,” he says, eventually.
“Of what?”
“Of killing people. Not a useful trait, in an assassin,”
To his surprise, this elicits a tiny smile, no more that the upward turning of one corner of her mouth. He’s starting to get the weird sense that this woman is fond of him. 
“It’s a useful trait,” she says. “In some circumstances. Trust me.”
To his greater surprise, he does.
***
The Winter Soldier is told that his artificial arm had been pumping drugs into his system that helped to suppress his memories, and though it is foolish of him, he feels vaguely betrayed. But it’s good news, of a kind-- without the drugs, he might begin to remember things.
Until then, he has eight months to be debriefed on. The redheaded woman comes back every day for the next week, patiently picking through the details of his former employers: their names, their resources, the reasons they wanted her dead. “You weren’t the primary mission, I’m sorry to say,” he tells her, early on. “Not that you weren’t a challenge, but you were strictly a secondary objective.”
“Who was primary, then?” she asks.
“Who else?” he asks. “The man who carries the great big target. Does the good Captain know I’m here, by the way?”
Her eyes flicker towards the one-way mirror, just barely. “He knows,” she says.
***
After the first week, he starts to remember his dreams. They’re jumbled, unsettling, and still hard to recall clearly, but they’re more than he’s had since his employers woke him. “It’ll get worse before it gets better,” the redheaded woman warns him. “Most of the memories you’re going to recover are not going to be very pleasant.”
“How do you know?” he asks.
“SHIELD has extensive files on your known activi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Winter Soldier - Freeform
OT3

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

