Work Text:
It’s been a few days since Peter’s encounter with the influenza virus and he’s glad to be going back to work. Two days of constant pampering from Deadpool had been wonderful, but he’s ready to be apart of civilization again and they’ve burned through all the Disney movies Netflix had to offer.And no matter how much one loves their partner, there is such a thing as too much. He quells Deadpool’s insistent concerns that he should take one more day off, just to be sure. The furrowed brow and pouting lower lip is more than his conscience can handle and he offers a compromise. He’ll go back to work, but he’ll take one more day off from patrol as long as Deadpool will go stop a few muggings to keep up appearances.It’s enough to make Deadpool brighten with a suspicious amount of enthusiasm. Peter shrugs it off. He’s probably just happy he doesn’t have to share him with the rest of New York for one more night.Peter gives him a quick hug and kiss on the jaw, hand on the door knob when Daddy’s deep baritone stops him.“Since you’re feeling good enough to go to work, you’re up for your punishment tonight, right?”His knees wobble. Peter swallows dryly, glancing over his shoulder to meet Deadpool’s smug smirk. The ‘punishment’ referred to a repercussion delayed because he’d been ill. His transgression had been going to work, and then fighting Hulk, sick. Deadpool had threatened a spanking, but with that tone there was no way that’s all he had planned.Deadpool is suddenly in front of him, one arm out straight, his palm flat on the door beside Peter’s head. His other hand grips Peter’s chin and forces him to look his Daddy in the eye. “You were a very naughty boy, weren’t you?” He purrs, leaning in to nuzzle Peter’s neck with an affection not matched in his dark tone. “Teasing Daddy with your flirting like a little  slut.”Peter’s thighs tremble and his adam's apple bobs as he gulps. He’d thought Deadpool had forgotten about that and now he’s not sure if he’s glad or terrified that he remembered.“I’m ready for whatever Daddy wants to do to me.” He’d backed into the door when Deadpool approached him and he arches his spine unnaturally, taking full advantage of his enhanced flexibility.Deadpool’s grin is sharp.“You’re going to miss the bus.” He says, gripping Peter’s wrist and leading him to the bathroom. He opens a drawer, not looking at Peter as he orders him to drop his pants.Peter does so without protest.Deadpool knocks his feet apart with a much larger foot and shoves his torso down. Peter’s face is inches from the mirror and his breath fogs the toothpaste splattered surface. “You, young man,” Deadpool says, holding up what he’d grabbed from the drawer. “Are going to wear this all day.” Peter squints at the objects reflection because he won’t risk turning when Daddy has so deliberately put him in this position.He’s not sure what it is, but it looks daunting. It’s a phallic shaped, silver cage with a ring at its base and the entire thing is attached to a black leather strap.Oh. Oh God.Deadpool watches the realization pour over his baby boy’s face and smiles. He puts the device on Peter, rough fingers skimming across the boy’s skin unnecessarily. A whine gets caught in Peter’s throat.The ring slips under his sac and the cage has two inches of growing room for his flaccid cock. Deadpool admires the black leather that lies just below his hip bones. “You’re also going to wear this.”He holds up something Peter is familiar with. A black silicone butt plug with a flared base and at its widest part no match for Deadpool’s girth. It’s only about four inches long and slips into Peter easily with only a little bit of lube.The part of his mind that would have questioned this, insisted their sexual games shouldn’t leave the bedroom, had long ago abandoned him. He trusts Deadpool intrinsically. The man would always have his best interests at heart and if they erred in someway his safe word would end all games. If Deadpool--Daddy--thinks he can handle something like this he believes he can.“Pants up.”Peter fumbles to buckle his belt. He takes a moment to look at his reflection. It looks like he’s packing a little bit more in the front than usual, but otherwise his appearance doesn’t hint at the obscene display beneath the suit  Tony gave him.That has to do something for Deadpool.An open palmed hand slaps his ass, jarring the plug inside him. “Better get going. Don’t want to be late.” Deadpool winks and Peter walks out into the world, blush staining his cheeks.He’s missed his bus and taking a cab goes against his frugal upbringing. Peter sighs, gait skewed as he power walks. The plug isn’t painful, per say, just uncomfortable. After a block he decides  fuck it  and starts sprinting.His hair is a wind swept mess and he needs to reapply his body spray, but he gets to work on time. Superhuman endurance is a blessing he always appreciates.His supervisor crosses her arms and raises a sculpted eyebrow at him.“Are you still sick?” She
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Cock Cages
Butt Plugs
Spanking
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Age Difference
Established Relationship
Praise Kink
Semi-Public Sex
Sort Of
Dirty Talk
Daddy Kink
Dom/sub
Subspace
Porn
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Bottom Peter Parker
Dom Wade
Punishment
Sexy Times
Sex Toys
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Vibrators
Name-Calling
Aftercare

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

