Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony was seven years old (a late bloomer, Jarvis would say later, with a proud, if sad, smile) when the names appeared on his inner wrists. Like all children, he knew what they meant. The sky was blue, grass was green, and everyone had at least one name. The people who were lucky had two: that of their soul mate and that of their greatest enemy. The people who were unlucky only had one: their enemy. Tony, watching the blurry grey letters slowly sharpen and darken to black, thought for sure that he would be a lucky one.Had he been smart, he would've hidden the words and pretended that he had none. Of course, at seven years old, he didn't know that. He ran to his mother to show her the words. It turned out that she was sharing a late night snack with his father, so Howard was there too. And the look on his face when he saw Tony's wrists was burned into Tony's mind for the rest of his life. Equal parts jealousy and hatred, because the name Steve Rogers was written on Tony's right wrist, and Howard couldn't seem to decide whether it would be worse if Steve Rogers was Tony's enemy or soul mate.Thirty-some years later, Tony finally had an answer.He stared up at the cracked ceiling, listening to the wind whistling through the otherwise empty building. It sounded eerie, like there was someone else walking around. Tony knew better than to believe that was the case, though. The roar of the jet had long since faded, and he knew now that he was alone. Rogers and Barnes had fled, along with T'Challa and their prisoner. They were probably well on their way to Wakanda by now. No one had cared enough to see if Tony was capable of fleeing too.Spoiler: he wasn't. The suit was in terrible shape now, bent and twisted in on itself in several places. With his shield, Rogers had smashed the arc reactor that powered the Iron Man armor. It was now effectively a coffin, keeping Tony encased and helpless because he didn't have the strength to find and engage all of the emergency manual releases switches. And even if he did have that strength, it would've been pointless. He was alone in the middle of Siberia. No one knew where he was. He had no means of transport. He was dying, or at least severely injured, and the armor did provide a little residual warmth. Getting out of it would be stupid.
I am going to die here.
The looming thought couldn't be ignored any longer. Tony's breath hitched and he squeezed his eyes shut against the burn of tears, but it didn't help. He wasn't scared exactly, but he couldn't stop himself from wondering. Would anyone find his body? Or would he freeze to death, or maybe die from blood loss, and turn into the same ice cube he always teased Rogers about being? There was something ironic about that. He hoped that someday, someone kind would come across his body and return it back to Rhodey and Pepper. They would probably want to bury him.Something roared in the distance. An animal of some kind? An avalanche? Crazily, he thought: a ship? And then, no. Who would be all the way out here? Maybe he really was dying, and now his brain was playing cruel tricks on him. Tony tried to laugh and ended up coughing instead. Each cough hurt. Rogers had definitely done some damage to his chest with that shield. It was impossible to tell how much - he was numb all over. At least he wasn't in pain anymore. He supposed that was something to be grateful for."Why the hell would your soul mate be hanging around in a place like this, Quill?""How should I know? Maybe they're really into weird places.""That would actually make a lot of sense.""It would not!"Tony blinked slowly, distantly feeling tears sliding down his cheeks. People did say that you hallucinated in your final moments. It had happened to him in Afghanistan, particularly during the torture and immediately after the surgery, but he'd always imagined Pepper, or Rhodey, or sometimes Maria and Jarvis, or Aunt Peggy. He didn't recognize these voices at all. It seemed like a cruel joke to imagine strangers during your final moments, but then again the universe had never been fair to someone like him."Is... is your soul mate a robot?!"That sounded a lot closer. Tony let his head roll to the side. His vision was kind of blurry, but he could just make out some - well, he couldn't really call them people. There was what looked like a raccoon, standing up on its hind legs, carrying two guns. A tall, broad-shouldered guy who actually looked like a human; he was also holding a gun, as well as some kind of machine. And a woman, who looked human but had bright green skin and purple hair. She had a sword in one hand and a gun in the other. All three of them stared at Tony, who stared back. "He's not a robot," said the human guy, though he sounded kind of doubtful. He crossed the room, coming too close for comfort, but there was no way Tony could escape. He peered down at Tony and sucked his bottom lip into his mouth. "I think it's a suit of some kind. It lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Names on wrists
one name for your soul mate
one name for your greatest enemy
inspired by a tumblr post
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Movie: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
no spoilers for infinity wars
not team Cap friendly
team civil war iron man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
my salt is back in full force y'all
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Peter Quill
Powerful Peter Quill
peter quill retains some of his powers
because i like that it that way
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Protective guardians
Protective Gamora (Marvel)
mantis feels the pain of tony stark
Hurt/Comfort
emotional hurt comfort
picks up immediately after civil war
soulmates tony stark and peter quill
tony stark's greatest enemy is steve rogers
this story assumes GOTG2 happened before civil war
Cuddling
Hugging
PTSD
tags subject to change as fic continues

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark

