Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Jemma's eyes snapped open at the ear shattering cry.
She was up in the next second, sprinting out of her room without a second thought and booked it down the hallway, following the cries. As she woke up more, she realized it was a baby crying which only fueled her faster.
In the next minute or so since the Playground was huge, she arrived at the source of the cries: the lab. She barged in, shouldering past night shift scientists and to the center table where the cries got louder.
There on the table was a baby, no older than six months, squirming unhappily on the cool metal in no more than a shock blanket. 
"What is going on?" Jemma demanded, looking at the other scientists as she neared. At another high, sharp cry, she looked down at the baby in bewilderment. No one on base had a baby and if they did, no one in their right mind would bring a child into the lab without asking.
At the sound of Jemma's voice, the cries stopped, and the baby blinked up at her. Seeing Jemma, the baby sniffled and reached out for her with a small hand. Something surged in Jemma's chest, perhaps a maternal instinct, but she reached for the baby, holding the small body close to her. The baby burrowed into her neck and let out a soft whimper.
"We-" One of the agents stammered, "-there was- then-" he took a breath and pointed to the baby in Jemma's arms, "That's Agent Johnson."
Jemma blinked, thinking all of this was a dream but the hot tears on her neck said otherwise. "Daisy?" she echoed, looking down at the baby who perked up at the name, peering up at Jemma with familiar big brown eyes. It was Daisy alright. "Oh God."
"I turned my back for one moment and then she was-" The same agent explained, gesturing to Daisy who was softly crying, whimpering around the fingers stuffed in her mouth, "-like this."
"Well," Jemma distracted herself from this by mentally reviewing the periodic table, "Thank you for," she hesitated, searching for the right words, "watching her. I'll take it from here."
"But-" he began again, "We don't know how or- or-"
Jemma's arms tightened around Daisy who cooed softly. There wasn't any way she'd let Daisy be experimented on, especially in this state, no matter how curious she was herself. "I will speak immediately with the Director and let you know his decision. Until then, Daisy does not leave my sight and any examinations are unauthorized. Is that clear?"
"Yes Dr. Simmons."
Heart racing, Jemma left the lab, her arms tight around Daisy who was still crying, soft distressed cries that had that fierce feeling rise in Jemma's chest again. She stopped in the hallway, looking down at Daisy.
Daisy couldn't be more than six months old was the first thing she registered, maybe even younger because she was so tiny. Her small head was full of downy soft black hair and her eyes were the same bright brown, her lips pink as a rosebud and cheeks chubby. Quite frankly, she was adorable. Jemma softened, stroking the back of her index finger over Daisy's cheek, wiping away the wetness.
Daisy gurgled around the fingers in her mouth before her breath hitched and she whimpered.
"Oh," Jemma was taken aback by the new wave of tears. It wasn’t like she dealt with babies every day or even once a month. The last time she had been around a baby was, well, she couldn’t remember when. "Oh, no. No, don't cry, Daisy." She tried to soothe her, but Daisy kept crying. Jemma just placed a hand on Daisy's back and gently began rubbing to try and calm her.
"I need to tell Director Coulson." Jemma stated out loud to herself. Hypothesizing out loud and recording experiments always seemed to help her think things through clearly. At the name, Daisy quieted, and Jemma looked down at her, "You want Coulson?" Daisy sniffled. "He'll know what to do."
Unfortunately, but of course, Coulson was out on an op above her clearance level. Next would be May since May always knew what to do but even May was out on an op, bringing along with her Mack, Hunter and Bobbi. That left Trip and Fitz.
Jemma bit her lip, contemplating what to do. Daisy wailed, and she kicked it into gear, heading down the hallway.
Fitz, as expected, couldn’t believe it.
"Wha-" he was pacing their room, one hand on his forehead and the other on his hip. The posture was so familiar, Jemma felt her heart pang. "How did this happen?"
Jemma, Fitz and Trip were all gathered in Jemma and Fitz’s room, hiding away from everyone else in their pajamas like adults and in varying degrees of panic.
"I don't know!" Jemma was close to panicking. This was almost as bad as when she shot Sitwell. At least she couldn’t potentially get court-martialed for this. "The techs in the lab don't know either and I wasn't going to leave her in there."
On the bed, swathed in a makeshift gauze diaper complete with medical tape, Daisy flailed her arms, giggling at Trip as he tickled her round belly.
"Coulson is going to give us his disappointed look." Fitz was now panicking. "Not
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson

freeform: 
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Kid Skye | Daisy Johnson
mama may
papa phil
all the family feels
wrote this just to indulge myself
Fluff without Plot
Kid Fic
slow burn philinda
like really slow burn
Fluff

fandom: 
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Phil Coulson & Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Phil Coulson & Skye | Daisy Johnson
Melinda May & Skye | Daisy Johnson

