Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
It was 4am and all he wanted was a mind-jolting shot of Mickey’s blackest but the sign on the door said ‘Open at 6’. Like 4am wasn’t good enough.“Well,  Mickey,” Bucky hissed, “Not all of us work Wall Street hours, you know.”He turned and glared at the dark, cold and bleak street. It was quiet and there was one streetlight on across the road, but not much else could make this place look friendlier.“Fine,” he grumbled and shifted his laptop bag on his shoulder. He’d been hoping to get in at Mickey’s and run through the last of his work, get what he could done before his 9am deadline. Why did he always do this? Why was he incapable of just meeting reasonable timelines? He  sets  them, for God’s sake! But he’d run out of instant coffee hours ago and he was  tired. He’s got no one to blame but his own sorry self, really.He trudged across the street, aiming for home. What was one more night of no sleep? He felt a yawn crack free of his chest, and he covered his mouth with the back of his hand.He passed by the main drag that led out down to the highway and paused.The 24-hour supermarket had one of those oversized, ridiculous signs that glowed so bright, even Jupiter would squint in this direction.If he recalled correctly, there was a coffee station inside. By the auto shop.  Right? Bucky chewed his lip, the sickness that is caffeine withdrawal sucking him under. He really would need more if he had to stay up and finish his revisions.“Ah, fuck it,” he groused and hurried down the street toward the humming, glowing, throbbing neon sign with the oversized smiling sun at its helm.He passed through the automatic shushing doors and made his way down the expanse of the cashier area. A few employees were chatting together and even fewer customers idled in the many, many aisles.The coffee station wasn’t much to write home about, which was why Bucky hadn’t bothered with it much before. Plus the coffee was more putrid waste than potable, but  whatever, beggars couldn’t be choosers.Someone had made a sad attempt at painting this wall of the store, in hopes it would look like a café, perhaps for waiting husbands left to desiccate by their free-spirited wives? There were a few metal-rod tables and chairs along the wall. Some were actually occupied, but only by lone souls, lone wolves, lone cowboys. There were decals of fake plants on the wall and a sad welcome sign painted above the ledge where the automatic coffee maker clung on for dear life. It was a big industrial sort of thing that offered macchiatos, hot cocoa and even coffee, wow!Bucky smirked as he eyed the thing. He tugged at a paper cup, pushed it into place and jammed the most worn out button. The machine hummed and gurgled to life. He pulled out a few scant coins and slipped them into the weary slot provided.The beast hummed louder and began brewing hell-water.While he waited, Bucky scanned the store.You couldn’t get much more Americana than this: bright and fluorescent, yet thrumming with aching sadness. It was a helluva place.The coffee machine sputtered and popped.“Might want to step back. She burns,” a voice murmured, making Bucky jump.Bucky wasn’t a small guy, not by anyone’s standards. He was big and worked out because it helped him sleep, but that doesn’t mean he’s okay with strangers  talking  to him. He was a decrepit cave person on  purpose. He’s built up a good hermitage at home, only allowing a few chosen friends to make eye contact and such.And now  some guy  was talking to him in a supermarket? The gall.He turned, ready to string together some fake-ass laugh or whatever the normal folks expected.He blinked.The guy.He was.He was gorgeous. We’re talking  tall  with shoulders out to  here, soft-looking blonde hair in a generic high and tight, and long legs, and thighs thick enough to strangle Bucky good and proper.“Hi,” Bucky blurted out, his earlier annoyance dissipated.The man smiled at him. Wow. Wowowowowow wow.Bucky’s brain was on the fritz. It has been a long time since he’s met anyone worth looking at twice, nevermind  forever.  And forever is what he’s willing to give the piece of fine bison right here.“Hi,” the guy said and he was still smiling. No one ever smiles like that anymore. Like they care, like they want to be happy forever. Who is this dork?Bucky looked around. No one else is paying the guy any mind. Savages. Uncouth heathens.“Hi,” Bucky said, turning back to tall, blonde and beautiful.The guy somehow managed to show more teeth. His eyes were very blue and  very  pretty, with dark lashes and oddly heavy eyebrows. They made him look thoughtful somehow, like he’d been pondering things for ages.“Hi again,” the man said. He tilted his head, “Your coffee’s ready.”Bucky blinked, “My what?”The guy pointed at the big monster-drink-maker. “Your coffee?”Bucky looked at the small paper cup sitting there, steaming. Then his eyes widened, “Oh shit! Right. Yeah, yeah, my coffee.” He laughed awkwardly and fumb
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Shrunkyclunks
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Humor
Fluff
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
hot mess bucky barnes
Beefy Bucky
Anal Sex
Butt Plugs
Body Worship
Blow Jobs
Bottom Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

