Work Text:
“I’m terribly sorry, your majesties, but we have only one room left,” says the innkeeper, wringing his apron between anxious hands. The man is a good actor, Loki will grant—he looks properly terrified of their wrath—or perhaps he is truly fearful that the ruse will be exposed, now that he’s been introduced to the reality of Thor’s biceps. Over Thor’s shoulder, Loki gives the man a small, encouraging nod. So the innkeeper delivers the final line, which is certain to propel Thor into action. “Perhaps we can vacate some other guest from their room,” he offers nervously. “Surely they will understand it is necessary to accommodate our princes—”“We’ll not hear of it,” says Thor, right on cue, and he delivers a hearty slap to the innkeeper’s shoulder that almost sends the man toppling sideways. “One room is more than enough for us, my good man. What say you, Loki?”“We’d never dream of dislodging another guest for our comfort,” says Loki with all conviction. “My brother and I have shared many times before. It is no hardship.” Thor turns and gives him a smile of such approving warmth that for a moment—a moment—Loki is almost sorry for the deception. The innkeeper makes grateful obeisance, then ushers them into the inn’s tavern. They are seated at a good table by the crackling hearth, and a serving maid is soon hurrying tankards of ale into their hands. With his part played, the innkeeper scurries away, muttering something about readying their room. He has more than earned Loki's gold. The act has been carried off flawlessly. Quite pleased with himself, Loki toasts Thor with his ale. His brother is bathed in firelight, the yellow of his hair agleam, his eyes bright as his gaze sweeps the crowded room. Thor might be overly trusting, but he is no fool, and Loki sees the moment when Thor decides there are no threats to them here and relaxes. The line of tension goes out of those unconscionably broad shoulders, and he leans back in his chair. He drinks deep of his ale, then grins at Loki. Thor has, Loki thinks, failed to consider that Loki is a threat. Loki smiles back. They pass the first round in a relaxed sort of silence. He and Thor have never needed words between them to feel at ease or to understand each other; often they are together for many hours without saying anything at all. It’s a level of comfort that Loki has found nowhere else, and he washes down sudden panic at what he intends to do with a long drink. He’s come too far, he’s planned this much, he’s gotten them here at last—he cannot reverse course now. “It seems the weather is holding. The hunt should be a fine one,” Loki says at length, gesturing with one hand for the maid to refill their tankards. Thor has already drained his, which is auspicious.“Aye,” says Thor. He tilts his head. The way he’s looking at Loki is such a mix of tenderness and happiness that the ale sours in Loki’s mouth. “I’m glad you decided to come, Loki. We’ve not had such a trip in far too long. I thought you might never hunt with me again.”Loki shrugs, all nonchalance. “I thought I’d lost my taste for it,” he says. “Yet how can I deny my brother anything? I’m sure that I could not.” He bats his eyelashes at Thor, and Thor laughs as expected, but there’s a strained note in the laugh that was not there a moment before. Good. Yes. The seed is planted. Now Loki need only let it grow.Thor raises a golden eyebrow as he lifts his tankard to his lips. “Is that so?”The seed springs into bloom so quickly that Loki almost trips over its roots. Thor’s query hangs heavily between them—innocent, and also the opposite of innocence. The heat in Thor’s gaze has nothing to do with their proximity to the fireplace. Then Thor seems to realize the doubled implications of his query, and he blinks, the slightest pink flush creeping up his neck when he thinks that Loki is looking away.Loki plays at ignorance, pretends not to see. Loki is full of cheerful questions. “The stew smells good, don’t you think? We should start with that, unless you want something else? I’m terribly hungry after all that riding, aren’t you?”Thor nods, his eyes still on Loki. His expression is thoughtful, even introspective; it is not until he is on his third ale and is demolishing a plate of mutton that his normal banter returns. Oh, this is going so well to plan that Loki could not have scripted it better. He did script it, many times, in his head; but Thor’s reactions in the flesh are a gift. This might be one of the most important nights of Loki’s life, and it’s getting harder to hide his smirk behind his tankard.The unspoken desire that lies between him and Thor has been present for so long that Loki could not say when it first arose. Perhaps it was always there—some awful anomaly of their birthright. Thor, Loki knows, has long been tortured by this state. His stalwart, upright brother can only be utterly tormented by the presence of the terrible longing that haunts them. But Loki refuses to be ruled by it himself.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Pre-Thor (2011)
First Time
Sex
trickery
Mischief
Sharing a Bed
Fun with Tropes
Loki has a plan

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

