Chapter 1: Scenting
    




Chapter Text
The plan had come together perfectly so far. Klaue’s corpse in tow, his new kingdom on the horizon when the scent hits him and nearly stumbles. His mate. Here. In Wakanda. Growling to himself, he pushes forward, not willing a weak omega to get in the way of his plans and vision for Wakanda, but the moment that he slammed Klaue’s corpse on the rock and looked up into a pair of shocked, hickory colored eyes, he knew he wouldn’t have to worry about a weak omega to protect. He’d have the formidable Black Panther at his side as his Prince and mate. As his omega.Now nearly purring in victory before the ritual can even begin, he nearly starts to salivate. His blood had been burning since Klaue’s death, knowing that dethroning the king and taking his rightful place would placate him for now but he resists for a brief moment before speaking to watch his mate. “I am N’Jadaka, son of N’Jobu.” He booms proudly and watches his family in satisfaction as the understanding dawns on their faces, showing expressions of surprise, sorrow and anger.Flipping his bottom lip, he bares his teeth and the brilliant blue lettering on the inside of his lip causing the crowd starts to talk amongst themselves, a mix of anger, surprise and excitement among the Wakandian’s, while the royal family remains silent and examines the newcomer. Erik knew, even before they had the chance to speak, that he had won without raising a fist, although he had been prepared to raise many.As an omega, T’Challa could only be king if there was no eligible Alpha in the family and now that there was, he was immediately regulated to ‘spare’ for the royal family. T’Challa would not lose his title as Prince but now would never be able to challenge him for the mantle of King.  “I have come to claim the throne as the rightful heir and your prince as my mate.” The crowd seems shocked into silence and he smirks, striding purposely to T’Challa and taking in his scent and body appreciatively while his sister and mother look at him in shock.  T’Challa’s expression is closer to anger, but curiosity soon crosses his features as well. Sniffing slightly while taking a confident but cautious step forward, T’Challa looks up at his mate and Erik is frozen momentarily. An expression of loss and confusion crosses T’Challa’s face before anger follows soon after and Erik smirks. “Don’t worry, you’ll get used to it.” He says with a near purr and cups the back of his neck possessively, not allowing T’Challa out of his grasp as he attempts to shrug him off.“Does anyone challenge me?” He demands smugly, Shuri and Nakia about to attempt to challenge for the possession of the King to save him a life of servitude as an outsider’s mate but T’Challa speaks up first. “I do. I challenge you for the rights to be my alpha.” He says firmly and Erik laughs cruelly, pulling T’Challa closer and scenting his neck, causing the shorter man to gasp at the scent overpowering his. “I have the rights to refuse to fight you.” He says lazily and the crowd looks at him in shock, causing him to bristle slightly, staring down at his people in anger. “I will not hit my mate and no laws, Wakandan or otherwise will tell me different.” He snaps surprisingly and the people of Wakanda fall silent, knowing this to be true. “You can’t fight me. No one can challenge me. In or outside of Wakanda, you’re my soulmate.” He growls happily, his mate’s family and friends look at him in shock while T’Challa nods solemnly after getting closer as the scent hits him full force.“Even without the herb, I can smell him from here. I will not lie to my people, he is my mate.” T’Challa admits after a moment and Erik smiles viciously. T’Challa’s place was beside him as it had been from their birth and he had just let his entire kingdom know that T’Challa belonged to him. “Anyone else have anything to-” He begins to taunt when a large man in gorilla furs steps forward out of the cave, eyes darkening at T’Challa straightens beside him. “M'Baku of the Jabari challenges D’Jadaka for the throne and bonding right to Prince T’Challa.” The imposing man growls but Erik is not impressed, baring his teeth at the thought of another touching his mate starts to set off the blood rage once again. “Challenge accepted.” He smirks, stripping out of his shirt and vest while showing off his scars, everyone a marker for a death dealt by his hand and is pleased when his mate looks upon him with concern and interest while his challenger looks at him in mild curiosity.The battle is simpler than he believed it would be, naturally comfortable with the weapons he had chosen and while his opponent was more than formidable, Erik had more to lose. Years of training, planning and dealing with the loss of his father had made him ready for this battle, knowing the stakes had been for his kingdom and his home but now it was also for his mate.
M'Baku would not win this.Quickly incapacitating him with a spear through the thigh, Er
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Erik
Omega T'Challa
Falling In Love
Possessive Behavior
Erik Killmonger Lives
Omega Verse
Alternate Universe - Soulmates

fandom: 
Erik Killmonger/T'Challa

