Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 * * 4/27/18, 4:23 PM * * 

 Tony 
 Tony stood in the doorway and watched as Steve started to shave off his beard.Steve was studying himself in the mirror and slowly swiped the razor over his skin, his movements measured and well practiced. If it weren’t for the dried blood that crusted his lower lip, as well as the bruises and cuts that mapped his face, one could almost believe this was an everyday shave.And not Steve preparing himself for yet another battle.It was odd, seeing him so bruised. It probably had been a while since Steve’d been hurt this much. Not even Tony had managed to injure him like this in Siberia… and certainly not for lack of trying.Softly, Tony cleared his throat, making his presence known.Steve paused, the razor freezing between his fingers, and his eyes flickered to Tony’s reflection in the mirror.Tony braced himself. They hadn’t really talked, yet. Had only shared the necessary information they’d gathered about Thanos, and made a few hurried plans for the next hours. There simply hadn’t been much time for more.Or that’s what Tony told himself, because the truth was—despite the fact that he’d called Steve, asking him to come back to New York, he had absolutely no idea what to say to him.No idea whatsoever.Where could he possibly start?Sure, he could play it all off. Get back to business, which would likely be wise, since they really needed to get down to business—and fast. But apart from that, and despite everything that had happened, he wanted… he wanted for them to be able to look into each other’s eyes again without flinching.It was too much to ask for, considering, but Tony had never backed down from a challenge. And if he wanted closure, he needed to say something before it was literally too late.Steve was still looking at him through the mirror, Tony realized. So he cleared his throat once more, and said: “Just wanted to see if you have everything you need.”“I do,” Steve said. Weirdly enough, even with his beefy shoulders, he looked almost dwarfed in the large bathroom.Tony nodded. After a beat, he reached to the floor next to himself, and took Steve’s shield into his hands. “And I wanted to give this back.”He raised the disc up a little, and when he was sure Steve had seen it, leaned it against the wall next to the bathroom door.Steve visibly swallowed as he took in the shield, its new paint-job—blue and red and very shiny. New and untainted.“Tony…”“It belongs to you,” Tony said. “I know you don’t need it…”—he’d seen the Wakandan shield after all—“…but I think you should have it, anyway. It’s yours. So… you’d do me a favor to take it back.”Steve sighed softly. “Thank you,” he said.And then, they just stared at each other through the mirror, apparently both at a loss for words.Steve’s shoulders straightened slightly. “I’m glad you called, by the way.”“I’m glad you came,” Tony answered.“I told you I would,” Steve said, and while his expression didn’t give away much, he still managed to look a bit sad.Tony nodded once more. The one hand in his pocket took the old phone in hand, twirled it. The movement was almost habitual by now. “Well, it’s good to see you.”Steve turned around at that, putting the razor down at last. Half of his face was already done, and he finally started to look like the Steve Tony remembered—not that weary, unkempt and strangely bearded guy that had arrived in the morning, here, at Tony’s very last safe house.A crooked smile rose to Steve’s lips. “We always got along best when there was an apocalypse at hand, didn’t we?”“Don’t jinx it,” Tony said. He reached for his other phone—the one that wasn’t embarrassingly outdated. “I’ll let you clean up in peace. Gotta make a call.”Steve’s gaze got piercing. “Who?”“Everyone,” Tony said, though he really hated calling all of the newbies in. Especially Parker. There was no way to tell if the boy would survive the battle and he was… he was too damn young to die. “I’m gonna call every single one of them. And if you’ve made a few new friends, go ahead and offer them free lodging until the world ends.”“Which might as well be tomorrow,” Steve said, and despite the gravity of the situation, it still sounded somewhat amused.Tony shrugged. He guessed by now they had seen and done too much to really despair over another warlord trying to wipe out the universe.Or half of it. Whatever.“Don’t get pessimistic on me now, Cap,” he said. And that was all he said before he turned away, and no sooner did he feel the burn of Steve’s gaze boring into the back of his neck.Things were decidedly not okay between them. And a part of him—a rather large part—still hated Steve a little bit for what had happened. For not talking to him about his parents, for not believing in him enough to work together.It wasn’t okay. And maybe it never would be again. But they had shared a few civil words, had even smiled at each other.It was a start. * * 4/28/18, 3:49 PM * *
Tony
 The world really did end the next day. Or at least Th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Trailer
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Infinity Gems
Infinity Gauntlet
Angst with a Happy Ending
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Steve Rogers Feels
POV Steve Rogers
POV Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

