Work Text:
Steve stood looking once again into the glass window of the cryotube at the face as familiar as his own. It had been hard to say goodbye, and so soon. How many times was Bucky going to slip through his fingers? How many times was Steve going to have to watch him fall out of reach?And yet, what else could he have done, but to grant Bucky’s wish to sleep until a solution could be found to the trigger words? Steve hadn’t needed his imagination and a bunch of old HYDRA files to know Bucky hadn’t made an autonomous decision about himself in a long time… and certainly not any decisions recently that were respected. Steve had respected this one.And in the searing, burning part of his gut that maybe his soul lived in all Steve really had to hear was Bucky’s soft, trailed off whisper of, “Howard was my friend too…” and he’d agreed to the cryo solution.There was no question, Steve would give Bucky whatever he needed, whatever he wanted, to heal him. Even if it wouldn’t heal any of the wounds that left scars all over an abandoned HYDRA base in Russia, left scars on a shield that Steve knows he doesn’t deserve to hold anymore, left scars on all the ex-Avengers seeking shelter here in Wakanda, and left scars on Steve’s heart that seem to pull painfully tight with every thudding beat.“Captain,” Shuri addressed him – smart, brilliant, upbeat, funny Shuri. Steve’s positive that she’s gonna take over the world one day. She’s really already started.Steve nodded, “just Steve, remember?”She grinned, “Steve, I believe we have isolated all of the trigger words and are ready to move forward with the procedure to wipe them.”Steve glanced back at Bucky’s face through the tube, “will he remember being the soldier?”Shuri nodded, “he will remember everything he did as the Winter Soldier. He will remember all his training and his experiences in the world during those decades.”She hesitated before continuing, “I thought it… unwise… to take those memories from him. While they are no doubt… unpleasant… they are also necessary to keeping him safe. After all, what if you couldn’t remember all the people who might want you dead?”Steve swallowed the lump of unease the entire conversation was giving him. Shuri wasn’t wrong though, “Do we have any way of knowing how he’ll wake-up? I mean, what state he’ll be in?”“There is no guarantee, but keep in mind that Bucky’s pain and confusion and fear didn’t just come from his memories of being the soldier, or having the trigger words looming over him, it also came from a disassociation with his memories of who he was before. When he wakes up this time he’ll be more like James Buchanan Barnes then he’s been since HYDRA got their hands on him.”Shuri placed her hand on Steve’s arm and squeezed, for all of her youthful exuberance Steve sometimes forgot that Shuri had seen a lot of very serious things and dealt with a lot of adult responsibilities in her short life, “We cannot know for sure, but I have done everything I can to make sure that for every awful memory Sergeant Barnes has to live with, he now has a good one to contend with it… and that’s the best any of us can hope for… yeah?”Steve felt tears on the edge of his vision, but he swallowed it all down, “Thank you, Princess.”She smiled, “Once we are assured it went well and his brain has healed, we will begin the process to awaken Sergeant Barnes.”Shuri continued, “with your permission I would like to move him out of the lab once the procedure is done. There is a village, remote and beautiful, outside the city. You can wait for him to wake-up there. I think that Sergeant Barnes deserves to wake-up some where other than a lab for once, yeah? We can bring him back here once he’s awake. We’ll take care of the arm situation then.”He nodded, “let’s proceed”.It had been a long few months, but Steve would do it all over again for Bucky. Anything, for Bucky. And while he knows there are certainly protect-the-innocent-overtones to that instinct that he can altruistically attribute to Captain America; the truth is, deep down Steve Rogers just wants his best friend back, no matter the collateral damage. And that’s something that Steve can’t forgive himself. Bucky flexed his fingers, his wrist, and his elbow. He rotated his shoulder, feeling and hearing the arm work to calibrate before he reared back and landed a solid punch to the sand bag, which trembled ominously.“You know, when I woke-up and S.H.I.E.L.D told me where I was, when I was, I literally destroyed hundreds of punching bags,” Steve said, grinning from the other side of the bag, “they even had R&D try to design something I couldn’t destroy in a few minutes.”“I was angry, that I’d never really see my home again, that I was adrift in this strange, new world where everything was so different and nothing had changed. I think that some of the anger never really went away. I just got busy, and then I got good at burying it or redirecting it.”Bucky looked up, tossing the hair out of his eyes, “Wel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Civil War Fix-It
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Smut
Threesome - M/M/M
Friends to Lovers
Established Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Polyamory Negotiations
Polyamory
Genius Shuri (Marvel)
Mild Kink
Explicit Language
Discussions of mental illness
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

