Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Chapter 1


Breathe. 

Just breathe. Keep going.
In and out, In and out.Green eyes moved swiftly over the walls of the room. They seemed closer than the last time she looked at them. Breathe.But what if she couldn't? Harley closed her eyes and finally, when darkness started covering the edge of her vision, took in a deep breath. And immediately regretted it. The sharp pain in her chest from holding in her breath was much preferred to the agony of breathing. Breathe.She felt tingling all the way up her arms and resolutely ignored it. At least it wasn't burning. Harley put a shaky hand on the floor, and with a grunt pushed herself up. Because that's what she did. After the pain, the hurt, is done shoving her to the ground she gets up again. Even if she didn't want to. Even if it was better staying down.
The room appeared to spin for a second before settling. The lights seemed to hurt her eyes. 
She wanted to open her mouth and complain, grumble in frustration but words didn't form. It happened sometimes. Words escaped her some days, some moments. 
So she played music instead. She supported herself by putting a hand on the table and picked up her-not hers, theirs- wand. Her hands shook, every moment hurt. A wave of her wand and music was flowing around her.Its happening more often, a soft voice whispered in her mind.She knew, knew that it was. Because it was getting harder and harder to hide. And hiding it was a must, just because she accepted it didn't mean others did. Another wave. A jacket came soaring into her hand. She put her arms through it and inhaled the smoky scent that lingered in it even though Sirius had stopped smoking years ago. It made the cold a bit more bearable. But what do you do when the cold is within?
She took another breath, relaxing when the pain was not as consuming. Soon her breathing became normal and she got back to work, even if the trembling made it almost impossible to do so. Her notes were messed up but she went on.
She pulled up her hair and tied it.  She had been in the process of tying it when she fell. And when it felt like she could move without stumbling, she started moving around her workstation in a motion akin to dancing. Cutting, grinding and dicing. Ingredients covered her gloves as she put them in, praying every time that it didn't cause a blast. Hermione would kill her if she blew up the basement again.
Moments like that were when she felt alive. The blood pumping in her veins warmed up her cold insides and she held on to the warmth with all she had. Slowly but surely color flowed back to her cheeks. When the final ingredient, Xanthun gum, was added Harley stepped back and cast a stabilizing spell on the potion. Immediately, the potion became clear and two small masses appeared inside.A small strainer was used to pick out the stones and her lips tilted into something resembling a smile because that was the first time they had held together out of the potion. She then carefully wrapped her fingers around one of them. It crumbled before she could pick it up.She sighed with disappointment. Another failure."Goddammit," The comment was softly whispered to herself. She wanted to hit the table. Pain wasn't the answer, she repeated the sentence again and again in her mind until the urge to break stuff went away.She summoned the ever-filled water bottle, sending a little thanks to Molly in her head, and took a tentative sip. She closed her eyes expecting the familiar sharp needle like feeling in her throat. Drinking water, even room temperature, could hurt like a bludger when your body feels frozen. The water, thankfully, went down smoothly.  After the first sip, she gulped the water down so fast that she thought she might drown. 
Feeling the quiet leave her, she forced the thoughts in her mind to form on her lips., "The stabilizer should have worked." She vanished the potion, "Stupid brittle stones." She suppressed the part of her that didn't want her to talk. Instead, she complained," I added the stabilizer but noooo why would it work. It's not like I've spent over a year on this!" Her raspy voice became lost in the music but it was better than the silence.  She finally felt like she could talk. She picked up the in her hand and threw it towards the rubbish basket.
"Harley Potter!!" The amplified voice rose above the sound of music.
Harley cursed as she missed the basket and the so-called 'stone' fell on the ground. Hermione, Harley thought with a sigh. The music cut off. Harley took a moment to change her gloves, she climbed the stairs and opened the door. 
"Harley Potter, Merlin help me I-"She heard Hermione's voice, worry coating it like it often did nowadays. She took a step forward and the door slammed on her face.
"Son of a Banshee!" Harley cursed loudly and in frustration kicked the door. She rubbed a hand on her nose and came face to face with her worried best frien
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Death & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harry Potter

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Dimension Travel
Master of Death (In a way)
Family Feels
Female Harry Potter
A little bit of angst
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Tony Needs a Hug
Harry Needs a Hug
George Weasley is a Good Friend
Death is a vague little shit
Cinnamon Roll Peter Parker
Stan Lee Cameo
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming

fandom: 
Death & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Harry Potter

