Work Text:
Steve narrowed his eyes as he stood on one of the balconies and watched the woman enter the Compound. He’d seen her at least a dozen times in the few weeks since he and his team had returned to the Compound, but he still didn’t know who she was or what she was doing there. All he knew was that she was doing something with Tony, and he didn’t like it.
They’d been pardoned and returned to the US almost a month ago now, and tensions were still high between his team and Tony’s. There were new people on the roster that Tony had added in their absence, but despite his initial hopes for cohesion, they’d all sneered at Steve and his team from the beginning. Wanda had been provoked into attacking one of them during training in the first week, and they used the excuse to ship her off to some training facility, claiming she wasn’t ready to be in the field yet. Obviously they’d been corrupted by Tony when he was the only one around to give opinions on Steve’s team.
Steve’s team wasn’t too happy about having them in their space, either. Having to work around the new members was irritating, and they had all kinds of new “rules” in place that seemed to be designed specifically to make Steve’s team’s jobs harder. Sometimes, seeing the hostility they were encountering, he was glad that Bucky wasn’t being put through it all with them. Bucky was still in cryo in Wakanda, no one having come up with any reasonable solution to his triggers yet. But when they did, he had a pardon waiting for him as well. Hopefully, by then, they’d have everything worked out back home.
He’d hoped, coming back, that they could get past what had happened. The few months they’d spent in Wakanda should have been enough for Tony to calm down and see where he’d gone wrong. But despite coming back willing to work things out, to try to forgive Tony and move past what had happened, he’d been rebuffed at every turn. Tony avoided him, and the rest of his team, as much as he possibly could. He was living in the Compound along with Rhodes and Vision, but the wing where their rooms were located was off-limits to Steve’s team. They didn’t train together, they didn’t eat meals together, they barely saw one another.
When they did see him, Tony was on edge, defensive, snarky, and overall acting like a child. He’d barely talked to Steve for more than a minute at a time since they’d returned, and when they did talk, everything he said was tense and covered in six layers of sarcasm. Most of the time, he avoided having to talk to Steve or any of his team by having Rhodes act as his personal guard dog, snarling at anyone who approached Tony and taking over conversations in his stead.
His team was getting increasingly annoyed with Tony’s attitude, on top of the problems they’d already had with him. Having landed them all in the Raft, forcing them to go into exile for months, keeping Clint from his family all that time, all because Tony couldn’t admit when he was wrong… well, none of them were very happy with Tony. Add to that what Tony had done in Siberia, and they were positively seething. Steve hadn’t told them all the details of Siberia—that was too personal, and despite Tony’s bad attitude, Steve was still respectful enough not to tell the others every detail—but they knew that Tony had attacked Steve and Bucky unreasonably, that he’d blown Bucky’s arm off, and that Steve had had to disable his suit just to get him to stop trying to kill them.
In a continuation of his tantrum, Tony was now refusing to design or produce anything for Steve or his team, even though he obviously made the gear for all of the other Avengers. They weren’t allowed in his lab anymore either, ostensibly because they weren’t allowed to access his tech, but it was this that gave Steve the worst feeling.
Tony was hiding something, that was obvious from the moment they’d come back. The way he avoided them, particularly Steve, was suspicious in itself. Locking them out of his lab and spending most of his time in there was worse. And now this, this strange woman Steve had seen coming into the Compound several times a week, each time going straight to Tony’s lab, staying for an hour or more, then immediately leaving. She carried a small black bag with her, full of some kind of tools, he was sure, or maybe tech or raw materials for Tony. Tony was building something in that lab, something dangerous no doubt, trying to hide it from Steve and his team just like he’d done with Ultron.
Clint and Sam joined him on the balcony and noticed him glaring down at the woman as she entered. “Who’s she?” Sam asked.
“I don’t know, but she’s doing something with Tony,” Steve said, turning to give them a significant look. “In secret.”
He could see the slight alarm on both their faces when they got it. “Shit,” Clint said. “You mean like Ultron secret?”
“Maybe. I tried to ask him about it a while ago, but of course he wouldn’t talk to me.”
“What’s he need the woman for?” Sam said with a frown.
“I don’t know. I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Author is Bitter

fandom: 
None
