Work Text:




At 3 a.m. Tony Stark-Rogers gave up and got out of bed. He stood there for a few minutes glowering at the mattress that had failed to lull him into slumber and the wide span of empty space to the right of where he always at least tried to sleep. How he had gone from someone who could hardly stand to share a bed for an hour or two to someone who couldn't sleep without his husband beside him, he hadn't a clue, but somehow he had. Although it wasn't the absence of his husband keeping him awake this particular night.He flinched as yet another sharp kick collided with some nerve cluster or other. "Damnit, Peanut," he muttered, rubbing at his belly trying to soothe the restless child inside, "what have you been doing? Taking kickboxing lessons from Nat?"Sarah Virginia kicked again and he decided somehow, someway this just had to be Natasha Romanoff's fault. He'd accuse her of it except it would please the redheaded assassin way too much and the woman was absolutely terrifying when she wore a pleased grin. The mere thought of it made him shudder. "Come on, baby girl," he said, heading for the door. "Daddy needs a drink."A drink. That was a laugh. Been 7 months since he'd had anything a Stark would deign to call a drink and, yeah, it had been the first clue. Contrary to public opinion, Tony was not an alcoholic. Sure, he'd abused the stuff on more than one occasion and his old man had made certain he'd started his relationship with booze at far too young an age – make a man out of him, his ass – but he'd never quite crossed the line into flat-out addiction. Still, he'd enjoyed having a scotch in the evening for longer than he could remember, then he'd suddenly lost his taste for it or anything else with a 'proof' label on it.He'd wondered if he'd like the hard stuff again after Sarah was born although he didn't really miss it. A nice glass of ginger ale over ice made the same sort of sound and soothed his stomach, too. So, no, he didn't miss the booze. Now coffee? That he missed. Big time. Since he'd practically mainlined the stuff pre-Sarah he'd done his research on the effects of caffeine on babies in utero. He'd found some concerns about connections between consumption and low-birth weights, but nothing conclusive. Except … Damnit all, the stuff revved up the baby even more than the … knocked-up parent – because he was not and never would be a mother, fuck you very much, Clint.  Given Tony's own propensity for manic energy, he'd seen the writing on the wall and with much whining, lamenting and sulking he'd weaned himself off of his beloved coffee as quickly as he could without suffering withdrawal because saving him from caffeine headaches had not been part of the spell.He padded – Tony snorted. Who was he kidding? He was at the waddling stage of things, no sense in denying it. – into the kitchen. "JARVIS, Daddy needs a hot vanilla.""Right away, Sir," the AI answered and, in a horrible misuse of an appliance, his coffee machine went to work. Within a minute Tony had a mug full of hot organic soymilk jazzed up with vanilla, honey and a few spices. It was an old Rogers family recipe and Steve normally made it with a pot on the stove, but Tony didn't do stoves or pots so he'd come up with a way to get his favorite middle-of-the-night fix without resorting to primitive means. Even if Steve's was always better.Well aware Sarah could decide to Zumba on his kidneys while he had hot liquid in his hand, Tony moved carefully into the parlor and settled on the sofa. "Let's have the news, J," he said after a few satisfying sips.When nothing happened after a few moments, Tony sighed. "Fuck, what is it this time?""Sir-""Just put it on the screen," he snapped. "Now."Immediately the large LED screen mounted on the wall lit up with three talking heads around a table and he groaned at the sight of one of them. Senator Stern. Not one of his biggest fans. Feeling was totally mutual, but add Stern to the other guest – some bitch who loved writing tell-alls about Tony and he'd be damned if he'd learn her name – with JARVIS' reluctance to queue up the news highlights and it wasn't hard to guess this was another round of Why Tony Stark Sucked. Even if the guest-list hadn't given it away, the first utterance of 'Stark' did. It was practically a media-standard. When they were going on an anti-Tony rant, they always called him Stark instead of Stark-Rogers as if they couldn't bear to insult Steve even by the proxy of his hyphenated last name.Tony patted his belly. "Good thing your pops isn't here or we'd be replacing another television." Steve did not like it when his husband was attacked by the press and had a tendency to put a super-soldier fist through the screen when they did. Hence JARVIS screening the news before airing it. But Cap wasn't here and Tony was in a mood so it might as well get worse. What was it this time? Or what had it been? Given the hour, this was obviously a rebroadcast of something aired during prime
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mpreg

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

