Chapter 1: The Concert
    




Chapter Text
Something was wrong with Peter.
Tony had come to expect a level of childlike enthusiasm from the kid. His arrival was almost always characterized by an explosion of energy and stumbling speech. Today, however, the teenager had only shot Tony a listless greeting before tossing his backpack onto the lab’s couch and curling up to start on his Calculus homework.
Nope. Tony knew Peter, and that was not him.
“So, kid,” the older man said, leaning casually against his workbench, “you gonna tell me what’s wrong or do I have to guess?”
“Leave me alone, Mister Stark.”
Holy shit. Did Peter just snap at him? His Peter? No fucking way.
“Whoa. Now I’m really curious.”
“Seriously, Mister Stark, can you just leave it alone?”
“Nope. You know me. I’ve never left anything alone in the entire course of my life.”
“Yeah, even if you fucking should.”
Okay, and now the kid was cussing. Something was definitely very, very wrong. And Tony would be damned if he was going to let Peter suffer in silence, even if that’s what he thought the kid thought he wanted.
“Hey, those words are for adults. Try again when you pay taxes. Now, you gonna to tell me what shoved a stick up your ass or do I have to call Aunt May and tell her you’re being a little shit?”
The kid said nothing. He just kept staring angrily at his textbook, as if it was the root of all his problems.
Okay. New tactic.
Tony moved tentatively to the couch, sitting gingerly against the opposite arm as the teenager.
“Hey, kiddo. Look at me for a sec.” Tony was surprised when Peter actually obeyed, staring at him with red-rimmed, watery eyes. “I just want to help. You know that, right?”
The comforting words felt foreign on his tongue, but the sentiment was genuine. That fact must have shone through since, within seconds, Peter deflated. His shoulders unwound, dropping down in tandem with a shuddering sigh.
“Ned invited me to a concert today.”
Tony rolled the words over in his head for a second, dissecting them and searching for a reason why that information would cause Peter so much distress.
“Okay.” He said slowly. “Want to enlighten me on why that’s a bad thing?”
Peter huffed out a frustrated breath, and Tony panicked as he saw more tears well up in the teenager’s eyes. “I-I… it isn’t a bad thing. Not-not on its own.”
The kid’s next breath came out as a sob. Tony’s hands made an aborted movement of comfort, falling short as the billionaire realized suddenly that he had no idea what to do with a crying child.

Shit.

“Whoa. Whoa. Okay. No big deal, Peter. No need to cry, right? Just talk it through with me, and I’ll fix it, okay?”
“You can’t, Tony. You can’t.”
“You don’t know that. I’m a genius, remember? I fix things. I’m famous for it.”
He got a watery laugh as a reward for his humor. “I can’t go.”
“To the concert?”
“Yeah.”
“Why not?”
“Remember… remember when I told you that my senses were dialed to eleven when I got my powers?”
Tony nodded. “Yeah. Heightened hearing, sight, smell, and a weird sixth sense that kind of scares me, if I’m being honest.”
“So can you imagine why a concert would be a terrible idea for me?”
And Tony could. He’d realized the problem as soon as he’d started listing Peter’s various abilities.
Concerts were bright and loud. Very loud. And Peter flinched and covered his ears when Tony’s car stereo was turned up only halfway. A concert, with its thrumming bass and strobe lighting, would be agony for the teenager.
“Oh, Peter.”
The kid’s sobs just ratcheted up a notch, evolving from the occasional hiccup into full body shaking.
“I-I’m s-so t-tired of being different. I just w-want t-to be a n-normal teenager sometimes, you know?”
“I know, kid.” And Tony did know. He’d grown up as a little celebrity. Hell, the press had gathered outside his damn kindergarten on his first day of school. He could still remember the cameras being shoved in his face as he clung tightly to his Captain America lunchbox. The concept of normal had always lived on the outskirts of Tony Stark’s worldview. Just close enough to see, but always lingering out of reach. “Believe me, I know.”
God, why did everything Tony say only seem to make the kid cry harder?
“I hate this. I hate this. I hate this. I wish I wasn’t Spider-Man. I wish it could all go away.”
“Hush, Peter.” Tony said, desperately wracking his brain for a solution. “Listen. I’m gonna fix this. I swear. Just… just give me a minute and it’ll be all fixed up, okay? No big deal. Now just stop crying, okay? Please stop crying, Peter.”
But Peter didn’t stop crying. He just kept hiccuping as his face turned red with shame. “I-I’m sorry, M-Mister Stark.”
“Shut up. No more apologizing. Yeah. No more talking, actually.” He lunged up from the couch and began grabbed a series of tools, an old prototype for Clint’s hearing aids, and a pair of technologically updated sunglasses from one of the storage lockers. He threw them onto the work table in a rush. “No more talking until I’ve fixed this.”
He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Whump
Hurt Peter Parker
Sensory Overload
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Gunshot Wounds
Active Shooter
Blood

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

