Work Text:
After only a couple weeks in Wakanda, Steve and his team ended up leaving. There was just too much hostility towards them all, from every direction. Though the King had offered them sanctuary, he rarely came by the area where they were staying, and he never responded to Steve’s requests to meet with him—assuming the requests made it there at all. The Dora Milaje, his personal guard, looked down their noses at Steve and his friends at every opportunity, treated them like trespassers that they barely tolerated, and ignored their requests as well. The King’s younger sister was just outright insulting to them.The others had been talking for days about just leaving and taking their chances elsewhere. The only thing stopping Steve had been Bucky. Bucky had gone back into cryo at his own request, T’Challa’s people didn’t seem to have any idea what to do about his triggers, and Steve didn’t want to leave him behind. But whatever his attitude toward Steve and his team, T’Challa was an honorable man who had given his word that he would protect Bucky, and eventually, Steve gave in to the others’ desires. He left Bucky a burner phone to contact him with if he was woken up while Steve was still away, and carried its twin with him—the second such phone he now carried with him.And so they left, and struck out on their own. They were well aware that they were fugitives, and even after two weeks, the fervor hadn’t died down, and their faces were still well known. They had to be exceedingly careful about when they traveled, who they spoke to, and what they asked for. Sam did a lot of the talking, being slightly less well known by sight than Steve, Clint, or Wanda. Scott stuck with them as well, but mostly stayed to the background. He was fairly withdrawn, just talking about how he missed his daughter and rarely contributing to the group’s ideas or plans. Steve sometimes got the feeling he was regretting having fought with them, but, well, he’d joined Steve willingly, knowing what was at stake. It was too late to go back on it now.Steve missed Natasha; he’d seen some things about Tony and what remained of the Avengers on the news before they’d left Wakanda, and Natasha hadn’t been anywhere in sight. He knew she’d turned her back on Tony when she let Steve and Bucky go at the airport, so maybe she’d left to protect herself from the consequences of going against the Accords, or maybe Tony had kicked her out. He’d like to think that Tony wouldn’t be that petty, that he could see that Natasha had been doing the right thing, but after how he’d reacted in Siberia, Steve had to admit he wasn’t sure what lengths Tony would go to. It was just a shame Natasha wasn’t with them now. Her resourcefulness, planning skills, and spy abilities would have been a great help for them on the run. Clint was certainly well trained as a spy, but his specialty had been long-distance reconnaissance, not information extraction, disguise, or manipulation.A few times, they came heart-stoppingly close to being caught in places they shouldn’t have been or seen by someone who would certainly get them into trouble. Once or twice, Steve was absolutely sure they’d be in serious trouble, only for whatever witnesses were nearby to suddenly turn and become involved in other things, utterly ignoring Steve and his group.Steve tried not to dwell on it. He had no proof, technically, but he was fairly certain what was happening. He wasn’t entirely comfortable with Wanda using her powers on random civilians like that, but he didn’t have it in him to confront her about it, either. Was he supposed to chastise her? She’d been getting them out of potentially dangerous situations, keeping them safe and free. And no one had been hurt. As soon as they left the area, those people went back to their regular lives, none the wiser. So he let it go, but renewed his efforts to find a more permanent solution each time. That couldn’t keep happening.They had traveled all the way to the main Asian continent from the Wakandan border in just under two weeks. They were heading vaguely east across the world, having agreed that while they might not blend in as easily somewhere like Vietnam or Thailand as in Europe, the eastern countries were less involved in the entire Accords argument and people might be less likely to be on the lookout for them or try to get involved in their business.They’d had to take a fairly circuitous route through the Middle East; it was difficult enough for non-fugitives to travel quietly through many of the surrounding countries, much less for them. Even so, they had to travel through some pretty rough areas, places that had Steve shaking his head to see. This was why the restrictive Accords were a problem. These were the kinds of places they needed to be helping; not hanging back in America, only taking care of problems that made them look good.They were near the eastern border of Tajikistan and preparing to cross into China when Sam came back to their t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Author is Bitter

fandom: 
None
