Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Nothing could stop the heat coursing through Tony’s body, no matter how much he wanted it to. His body shook with want and there was an ache inside him that needed to be filled. Sweat trickled down his forehead and he groans in frustration, he really didn’t have time for this. “Sir, may I suggest you move to your room before the symptoms get any worse?” Jarvis’s voice made him jump. He always was less aware at this time. “Yeah sure J. I’ll head up now.” It wasn’t like he didn’t know his heat was coming, it happened like clockwork every three months without fail. It was just that he was really hoping he’d get at least another day before he had to retire to his room to ride a fake Knot for the next week. He sighed, he never was the lucky though so up to the room he went. “J. Where is everyone else?” Clint, Natasha and Bruce are all out on a mission for the next three days. Bucky is gone out with Sam and Steve is in the common room sketching.” Damn, he was hoping that Steve would have gone out as well. No such luck. If he got wind of Tony going through heat there would be no hope for him. “Okay, straight to my floor then J.” No point stopping in the common room, Steve would have him stripped and hanging off his knot in less time than it would have taken Tony to say hello. Not that Tony would object that was. He could feel himself getting wetter even thinking of Steve and his Alpha cock. No, the worse thing about it was that Steve would have no shame and wouldn’t just keep it to the privacy of his bedroom, no, he’d take him anywhere he saw fit. It was a hangover from Steve’s time when Omega’s were taken where ever their Alpha saw fit. Nowadays that was reserved for ‘traditionalists’, and Tony Stark was anything but traditional. It was one of the reasons he hid from Steve every heat. Of course, he took all the Omega jewellery and accepted his hand at courtship but he just knew if he saw or smelled Steve it would be all over. He would give in and then he’d be mated. Don’t get him wrong, he wanted to mate with Steve, the only problem was that he had a tiny problem with relinquishing control and the problem with traditional Alpha’s were that they needed to have the control. Steve had told Tony some of what would be expected of him when (Tony was well aware he said  when  and not  if  ) he became his Omega. The first ‘rule’ made Tony simultaneously hot and then cold. He wanted Tony naked at all times around the tower. Tony wasn’t a prude by any means but come on! When he pointed out that he worked with open flames a lot of the time, Steve conceded and said that he could wear one of his shirts. He was a saint really. He also said something about training but Tony had stopped listening and fled the room out of sheer embarrassment from the first one. He heard comments from Bruce and Clint about bashful Omegas. Him, bashful, as if! All of this lead to his current predicament though. He was now confined to his room for the next week, with the hope that Steve doesn’t come looking for him in that time or worse, that he doesn’t cave and go looking for him. He practically ran to his room when he got onto his floor, throwing off as much of his clothes as he could while he went. Another problem with his heat was that his skin got so sensitive he hated the feel of any sort of clothing on it. By the time he finally goes to his room he was naked his Omega cock stand straight out from his body. Not bothering to close his door fully, he gave it one harsh tug before running over to his toy box, setting everything up before he was too far gone. He stuck one of his favourite dildo’s to the wall on his bed, another was connected to a machine he made himself that would pump in and out of him. That was for later though, when he was too far gone to go anything but take it. He put a vibrator on his bed beside another dildo that he used for the start. He found going in prepared was better than only with one dildo. Each of them had inflatable knots that came out once he clenched down for more ten seconds. He normally only clenched down that long if he was in the middle of an orgasm so it worked out fine. The need was getting worse though so he wasted no time picking up the first dildo and pressing it against his opening. He didn’t need to stretch himself out, the slick that covered his thighs would ease the way. He let out a moan as it was pushed deeper and deeper into him until the full seven inches were rammed deep into him. Alpha cocks were quite a bit bigger than what he had in him but this was nice to start off with. He pumped his hips forwards, moaning when he felt it bump against the bundle of nerves. All it took was one pull of his small Omega cock and he was spilling all over his hands, clenching around the dildo that was now inflating, the knot sending more spasms through his body. He sighed in relief, the start was always the easiest, more pleasure than pain. It was only three to four orga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Spanking
Public Sex
corner time
Knotting
Marking
Loving Steve
Cute Tony Stark
Domestic Discipline
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Tony has everyone wrapped around his little finger
Steve doesn't care
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Cuddling
Naked Cuddling
Everyone loves cuddling Tony
Tony loves the cuddles
Smut
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Coming Untouched
Orgasm Control
Fluff and Smut
Public Nudity
Public Masturbation
Dubious Consent
kind of

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes/Clint Barton

