Work Text:
Two days after the shitshow that was SHIELD’s utter destruction, Steve shows up at Stark Tower in an offensively tight hoodie, politely asking if he could see Tony Stark please, no, don’t go to any trouble, ma’am, I don’t mind waiting.“I keep wondering, Steve, my patriotic friend, why I found out about all of this on twitter,” Tony says, attempting to sling on arm over Steve’s shoulder as they walk to the elevator. Tony is about half a foot shorter than Steve, so it ends up being more of an awkward pat on one shoulder. “JARVIS has been in the SHIELD system since New York, I am a literal genius hacker, and I didn’t even know about HYDRA infiltrating until twitter told me?”“What’s twitter?” Steve asks, face perfectly innocent. Tony makes a distressed noise and punches the button for the top floor.“Don’t worry your precious antique head over it, Cap, although while we’re speaking of technology and your various problems with it, you didn’t think to call? Maybe just once? Real quick, thirty seconds tops, little bit of a warning before Helicarriers came crashing out of the atmosphere?”“I’m still having trouble with my phone,” Steve lies. Screw Natasha, he’s great at this.“I will make you a new phone. I will make you a phone tailored to your specific and very sad needs,” Tony says. Steve hums along to the music playing in the elevator. It’s soft and jazzy – he tunes out Tony to appreciate it. “Because it is, you know, slightly important when you’re trying to save the world that you communicate with other people who, coincidentally, can help you save the world.”“I had people,” Steve replies. “Good people. Real fun crowd, not too flashy.”“Oh, I see how it is. No love for the guy who literally built you your own floor in his own tower, out of the goodness of his heart, made with blood, sweat, and-““Nope,” Steve says cheerfully, popping the ‘p’ in time with the ding the elevator makes as the doors open. He strolls into an open space kitchen/living/dining room, leaving Tony behind, gaping unattractively.“Clear the deck, the Star Spangled Man with a Plan is back, and he finally learned how to talk smack like a real person!” Tony calls out, scurrying after him. Steve surveys the space, notes the TV turned to a 24 hour news channel, currently (and predictably) broadcasting footage from DC. The scrolling banner more or less amounts to a laundry list of the most pertinent facts revealed by the massive info bomb dropped upon the unsuspecting internet.A hand pokes up from the couch and waves. When Steve gets close enough, he sees familiar spiked hair and a less familiar, but completely unsurprising, baggy, garishly purple hoodie.“’Sup, Cap,” Clint says, scrolling through a webpage on his phone and ignoring the news. “You got any idea what Nat’s up to? She hasn’t answered her phone in like, a million years. I’d be worried if she hadn’t been splashed all over every news outlet in the world.” True to his word, the channel immediately cut away to the footage of Natasha leaving the hearing, small smile firmly in place.“I’m not sure, but I think it may have been exploded,” Steve replies. He moves to sit at one of the couch, and Clint obligingly lifts his feet so he can perch with his hands clasped on his knees. “I was a bit busy at the time.”He hears a blender start up in the kitchen area and hopes Stark doesn’t set anything on fire. Clint looks at him, properly for the first time since he arrived. “Are you okay?” he asks. The switch from his previous brevity to solemn sobriety is a bit jarring, and Steve’s reminded suddenly that he and Natasha worked together for years, at SHIELD. SHIELD, which no longer even exists.It’s been a long week, and it catches up to him all at once. “Yeah,” he says, slouching in his seat. “I… I have a plan. I know what to do. It’ll be fine,” he concludes. “Probably.”“If you say so,” Clint replies doubtfully. He dips a hand into a frankly ridiculously sized bag of crisps and munches on them loudly, then offers him the bag. Steve politely declines. “It’s just, Nat texted me about the whole Winter Soldier/Bucky Barnes thing, and I mean, it’s not like Stark’s the type to lend a sympathetic ear, and believe me, Banner is not as good at it as you’d think. So. I volunteer as a tribute?” he finishes weakly.Steve sits in silence for a while, studying his hands. Eventually, he looks up at Clint’s earnest expression. “She texted you? About a highly delicate, classified op? Seriously?”Clint throws up his hands and groans. “Try to be a nice guy,” he mutters, then rummages around in the pocket of his hoodie before pulling out a phone identical to Natasha’s. He presses a few buttons and then shows Steve the screen.“WS actually CA’s best guy bucky?? small world huh” it reads. The number is saved as “Baby Momma”. Steve, after a few moments contemplation, decides that discretion is the better part of valour, and doesn’t ask. Instead, he asks JARVIS to up the volume of the TV a little more, and settles in to see 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Humor
BUT REALLY WHERE HAS CLINT EVEN BEEN

fandom: 
None
