Work Text:
Steve wakes up thinking about Bucky. It’s not an unusual occurrence, even after a year and a half away from him. He dreams about him at night, thinks about him during the day. Maybe he spends too much time worrying about him, but he can hardly help it.
They’ve been in Wakanda for two years now, ever since their “Civil War,” as the media loves to call it, since Steve and his team were forced to become fugitives in order to stand up for what’s right.
At first, it had been easy to think that things would be back to normal soon. The Accords were going to fall apart, especially with half the people they were designed to control in the wind and refusing to cooperate. They took King T’Challa’s offer of sanctuary and relaxed as much as possible in the beautiful Wakandan building they were being hosted in, waiting for everything to blow over.
But it didn’t blow over. A week after they arrived in Wakanda, four days after Bucky had willingly gone back into cryo until something could be done about the triggers in his mind, Tony came on the news, telling the ravenous reporters that despite their split, the remaining Avengers were still determined to stand strong and protect the world the “right way,” by working within the Accords and listening to what people wanted.
He didn’t say it outright, but his condemnation of Steve’s side was obvious to everyone listening, and it made Steve seethe, watching it back in Wakanda. He wasn’t the type to wish hurt on someone, but he couldn’t wait until this whole situation came crashing down on Tony. He needed the blow to his ego, to be kicked down off the pedestal he’d put himself on.
Except it didn’t. They just went on as normal, and as the days passed, and then days turned into weeks, and weeks turned into months, it became harder and harder to convince themselves that they’d be returning home any day. Not only did the Accords continue, but they strengthened. Tony was seen at several more summits and conferences discussing and amending them, alongside other superheroes from around the country and the world—some of whom Steve hadn’t even known existed—and world leaders, including T’Challa, a few times.
Steve had tried, after seeing an American news report about T’Challa’s dedication to the Accords, to go and speak to the King about it. After all, he’d welcomed them into his country, given them sanctuary. Steve had thought that he agreed with them, that he was starting to see the problems with the Accords. 
It took quite a few requests for him finally to be granted an audience with T’Challa, which irritated him. It only got worse when he finally saw him.
T’Challa sighed, looking as though he didn’t even want to be having this conversation. “Captain Rogers, my father was one of the original drafters of the Accords. My country, my primary concern, stands nearly united behind them, as do I, personally.”
“Then why did you offer us sanctuary?” Steve said, feeling put off.
“I offered Mr. Barnes sanctuary, Captain, as recompense for my having attacked him for a crime which he did not commit. You and the rest of your fellows simply followed along. At the time, it did not seem to be an issue to allow you all along as well. I was not thinking clearly of the future, or my people.”
“So, what, you wish we were gone?”
T’Challa raised an eyebrow. “To be perfectly candid, I do. Allowing you all into my country has caused problems for not only myself, but my people. I have done them a disservice by continuing to host your presence here. However, at this time, allowing you to leave would reveal the poor decision I have made, which would only cause more trouble for my country. I cannot bring that upon them. So here you will remain.”
The dismissal was obvious, and though Steve wanted to stay and argue, two members of the King’s guard had come forward to escort him from the room, stern expressions telling him they wouldn’t tolerate him insisting on staying to discuss this further.
He hadn’t told the others about his meeting with T’Challa. They didn’t need to know that they were barely welcome here. After all, it seemed it was going to be their home for the foreseeable future, and he didn’t want to make it uncomfortable for them, not when they were already missing home so acutely.
While it was beautiful, Wakanda wasn’t home. They were restricted to their building and the grounds immediately surrounding it, and while it was a spacious and well-appointed area and all their needs were met, it was still limited. They missed the States. Clint and Scott missed their families, and Steve felt guilty every time they said anything about it, knowing he couldn’t get them back home.
A few weeks after his meeting with T’Challa, Natasha came striding into their common area, looking tired and dirty, but greeting them with a wan smile. She accepted embraces from Clint and Steve. She told them she’d been on the run since breaking the Accords, eventually tracking the others to Wakanda. When she crossed the border t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
one-sided Steve/Bucky

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Author is Bitter
not tony/bucky centric

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
one-sided Steve/Bucky

