Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
REVAMPED slightly just to add the Cosmic Entities




Chapter Text
Richard adjusted his grip on Captain America’s file, questioning Nick Fury’s decision in handing the file to Anthony Stark. While he trusted his boss, sometimes he wondered if Fury was distracted by the unknown location of Carol Danvers, who Richard had never met but could only guess what she is doing beyond her piloting career.Richard sighed and hummed, his footsteps echoing across the hallway and felt a sense of unease fill him. It was too quiet for such a high security hallway. While Richard would not argue with Tony and Pepper about their son, they were parents while Richard could only wish that his son had remained alive.Zayden James Stark, Tony and Pepper’s pride and joy.Anyone who met Zayden, and knew of his existence, fell in love with him. Richard had felt honoured that Tony and Pepper trusted him enough to let him know their son and allow him with Zayden alone. They obviously knew that another parent would be less likely to hurt their son, and they had known him since he became a spy for SHIELD.However, Richard wasn’t technically a father anymore. He and Mary had expected to introduce a baby boy by the name of Peter into the world, but life wasn’t willing to let him and Mary have a good family. Their son was a still born, and Mary and Richard had taken a few months off in order to grieve the loss of their child. The point of this is that they refused to tell Fury and Tony about the loss, while they would’ve been given time off they decided to keep the family secret a secret.Was it selfish? Yes, but Richard knew that SHIELD would be more willing to help to protect a family if there are children involved—ignoring the fact some of the older agents were child soldiers.The hallway was silent, and Richard slowed his footsteps down. His eyes flickered around, craning to try and hear something. While Jarvis had not been installed into the building as Tony had said that Stark Industries would be moving base and were going to be selling the building.A faint voice reached Richard’s ears and caused him to slow down and pause outside a door. Doing a quick check without touching the door itself, Richard realised the door was firmly locked.That was strange. Doors were rarely locked in the building, it was a security measure that Tony suggested, so Richard’s spy training kicked in and he rested against the door. The door was cold against Richard’s ear but he pushed through it.“Why should we kill him?” Richard frowned, eyes narrowing as he tried to figure out who was talking.“Why shouldn’t we?” A deep and icy voice sent chills down Richard’s spine. “I am just taking orders and extending on them.”“Whether or not the child is killed or just taken away, they will not be able to focus on their jobs.” The first voice raised slightly, and then Richard paused body almost being pulled down by shock and fear.Obadiah Stane.“Stark Industries have been flourishing, and I know that you can assist me in my conquest, and HYDRA’s return.”No way.Richard blinked.Was that Red Skull?He thought he had died, everyone thought he had died. How…How was he still alive, and what had happened to him to cause him to go off the radar.“Believe me, Red Skull.” Richard felt dread fill his heart. He was correct. “When I am able to run Stark Industries once more, then Hydra will get the weapons it deserves.”Red Skull’s voice dipped and Richard strained to hear his words. “And what are you going to do to achieve that position?”A beat of silence and Richard hoped that the sense of dread was only him assuming something that might not even be true at all.“Well, I guess that brat Zayden is going to have to be removed, hm?” Stane sounded as though he was smirking and smug about the prospect of killing an innocent child.Richard recoiled back and slipped away from the door before Stane could open the door to find out that Richard was listening in. He had to get to Zayden, there was no other way, keeping him away from the building until he was certain that Obadiah was not looking for him. However, Richard has a feeling no matter what if he returned Zayden than Obadiah can do it all over again.That mere thought made Richard feel sick and unwell as he hurried towards the room that contained the unaware one year old.Richard quickly chucked the file onto the desk nearby, hoping someone would find it and deliver it to Tony.The door opened and quickly shut behind him, causing the quietly sleeping child to stir awake. Big brown eyes blinked up at the adult male, looking much to intelligent for his age. Was that just a Stark trait? Richard wasn’t aware if it was but knew that what happened this day would not be something he would forget.“Hey, kid. Think you can keep quiet for me?” Richard asked as he bent down to pick Zayden up and cradle him in his arms.Zayden reached up and touched Richard’s cheek, and looked at the closed door. Perhaps he knew that Obadiah was the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Shuri
Nakia & Peter Parker
Thor/Valkyrie/Okoye (possible)
Scott Lang & Peter Parker
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Peter Parker & Harley Keener

freeform: 
Ironfamily
random au shit
Hurt/Comfort
a bit of comfort
thor and loki know everything
Secret Identity
Team IronMan
ooc to a degree
i haven't seen the movies enough
am i really sorry though
Ned Is a Good Bro
Everyone Freaks Out
Kidnapping
like literally half of the cast freaks out
and is stressed
peter is on a mission to give everyone heart attacks
karen is protective
karen and friday are bros
Infinity Stones
Road Trips
Flash is an Asshole
oblivious idiots
Rhodey and Happy are smart
bucky is great
torture in the future
pre-IW
magic is unexplained science
Secrets
Fluffy
Angst
So much angst
i like to torture the characters
not physically
actually
Suffering
for the characters
and readers
Cosmic Entities
I will go down with this friendship!
I will also go down with this ship
Tina is Deadpool's cousin
And she hates him
sometimes
Pegasi
Thor/Valkyrie/Okoye possible????
It's my guilty pleasure!
i dunno
I love em
I just need to develop the relationship
Peter likes British Candy
Loki lets Peter feed him candy
Valkyrie is extremely protective of her stupid human child
Bruce is the mother bear
So is Rhodey
and tony and pepper
Scott is a good father
Clint not so much
Scott adores Peter
another bug
Scott will fight Tony if he hurts Peter
Is it really that graphic?
It will get worse in later chapters
better safe than sorry
BAMF Tina OC
the stones are wise
michelle doesn't believe tina
ned believes tina
i swear i haven't forgotten tina
don't mess with the stones or they will mess you up
The kids need more love
I am so evil
kids being kids
teenagers being teenagers

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Shuri
Nakia & Peter Parker
Thor/Valkyrie/Okoye (possible)
Scott Lang & Peter Parker
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Peter Parker & Harley Keener

