Chapter 1



Summary:

Sam has been a member of the new iteration of the Avengers since Age of Ultron. Tony Stark stops by the Tower and asks to meet with Sam.





Chapter Text
Sam wiped the sweat off his forehead with his forearm, pleasantly sore from the days sparring session with Natasha. "...Which is probably why you need to watch your left side when you use that move," Natasha finished saying as they got to the exit of the gym. "But I have to say I'm... impressed." She graced him with a smirk and he couldn't help but grin. "Yeah girl, you know it," he said, bumping shoulders with the pretty red-head."Don't get too cocky, Wilson," she warned, and in the split-second he went to take a drink from his water bottle she swiped at his leg. He was ready for it though and caught his balance, using the move they'd been practicing to counter Natasha's sneak attack. She looked at him as he released her arm, her eyebrows raised. "Now I really am impressed," she said. He gave her another grin and a salute, moving to go to his quarters to shower. Natasha cut him off, nudging him toward a different elevator that would take them to the common area. "Food first, I'm starving." The elevators opened to the spacious common area where the kitchen and dining area were, as well as a large screen tv and couches. He immediately noticed Rhodey in the kitchen, surprising him a little; the colonel was supposed to be gone for the week after their last mission to the middle east, and it'd only been three days. "Rhodes! What's up my man?" He offered his hand to the colonel, who smiled in greeting.The two of them had bonded almost instantly. The older man was smart and experienced, and yet he always listened when anyone had a suggestion or idea. He was also a complete badass, and could probably still kick trash even without the War Machine armor, but with it he was truly a force to be reconned with. He could be sharp and somewhat intimidating when you didn't know him well, and Sam would never have guessed from his previous interactions with Rhodey that the man had a huge sense of humor and was somewhat of a sarcastic goofball-- though he didn't suffer fools lightly.Except for maybe one."Sam Wilson, as I live and breathe." Sam turned in surprise, having not noticed that Rhodey was not alone in the kitchen and even more surprised to see the charismatic billionaire Tony Stark. Steve had told him that Stark was retired, officially, though the compound was mostly a Stark Industries venture. There were signs of the engineer's influence all around them, but the man himself had been absent from Avenger's compound since the day he announced his retirement from the Avengers six months ago. If Tony had retired, it suited him; he looked fit and was well dressed in some kind of bespoke suit, along with the sunglasses Sam noticed he was always wearing in photos and on the newsreels, even at night."Mr. Stark," Sam greeted him, holding out a hand. Tony took it, giving it a firm grip. He seemed to be sizing Sam up, but it was difficult for him to tell with the sunglasses how he was reacting to what he saw. "How you doing, man?""Oh, you know, living the dream, finding a few minutes to irritate Rhodey so there's a plus."Rhodey rolled his eyes but was still smiling from whatever the two of them had been joking about when Sam and Natasha came in. Sam felt a squirm in his chest; it caught him off guard, but something about the two men's casual closeness and innate understanding reminded him of his friendship with Riley; it brought back some of the old pain.
(Grief could be like that sometimes; he wondered how long it would take until it stopped surprising him. He wondered if it ever would.)It was an old injury that didn't heal right. (He'd seen that enough in others to recognize it in himself.)Tony smiled over at Natasha. "You're looking well as always, Ms. Romanoff.""You too. How's Pepper?"There was a split second of silence where Tony didn't respond before he cracked a joke. "Who, your old boss?" He was laughing at her, and surely realizing this was somewhat foolhardy he answered the question grinning into his coffee cup. "She's... amazing. More than amazing. She's Pepper." Apparently this was enough of an endorsement to earn a Mona Lisa smile from the notoriously straight-faced assassin."What are you doing here, Stark? I thought you were in South Korea this week.""Knowledgable but inaccurate as usual," Tony snarked. "I'm just dropping in to say hello to Rhodey and drop off some equipment. Mr. Wilson, got a second?" Sam had meandered over to the refrigerator, ignoring the pleasantries, and peered around the door when he heard Tony address him. "Who me?" He asked in surprise. Tony did not respond and Sam couldn't see his eyes behind his omnipresent sunglasses. "Uh, yeah sure, I got a minute.""Great. Listen Rhodes, I'll get back to you about recalibrating the balance with the new repulser, just have JARVIS... I mean, have Friday run a few diagnostics, okay
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Sam Wilson & Tony Stark
Sam Wilson & Natasha Romanoff
Sam Wilson & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanoff
Tony Stark& Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony-centric
Sam Wilson is a Gift
POV Sam Wilson
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
first chapter is set after AoU
then we'll be in the civil war era
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
eventually
Salty
Team Iron Man
team sam wilson
team james rhodes
not team cap :(
update
I thought this was going to end with cacw
but we'll be getting to endgame
Oh yes
we will
i'M SAD
tony stark depressed squad
cries forever
Hypothermia
Medical hurt/comfort
rescuing
Whump
Tony Stark Whump
Hurt/Comfort
temporary major character death
Natasha stays dead

fandom: 
Sam Wilson & Tony Stark
Sam Wilson & Natasha Romanoff
Sam Wilson & Steve Rogers
Tony Stark & Natasha Romanoff
Tony Stark& Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

