Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The relatively positive press called them the Rogue Avengers; the negative press had dubbed them the Scavengers. After Leipzig, after Siberia, after the Raft, Captain America and the rest of his motley crew had fled to Wakanda where they took shelter with a slightly suspicious T’Challa. After months of debate and thousands of dollars in litigation fees, the Avengers were reunited once more in the Avengers Tower, and in order to head off any conflict at the pass, both parties agreed that it would be best if they kept these new developments under wraps until Pepper and the rest of the PR team could devise a way to break it to the public. Nobody knew of Captain America’s return.Unfortunately, that included Peter Parker.***The latest additions to the Avengers Tower had arrived that morning. All their stuff was already in place, courtesy of Tony and his crew of Ironman suits that had been temporarily delegated to movers for the occasion. Sam and Clint sat on the edge of the couch, clutching their controllers as alternating cries of victory and defeat echoing throughout the Avengers’ common living room as they battled to the death on the TV screen in front of them. Natasha had stretched across the loveseat with a cheap paperback; Wanda was absently making shapes and designs out of her ethereal red magic; Bucky and Steve were conversing quietly in the corner.Although both sides had put on civil airs, animosity remained between the two teams. Natasha was the unofficial intermediary between them, and though she was disheartened at the distinct lack of Team Tony in the shared space, she certain that they would resolve their differences eventually.Probably.Suddenly, Steve’s head shot up and his eyes darted towards the window.Sam reluctantly paused the game. “Steve, what--”“Shh!” Cap whispered, eyes wide. “There’s someone here.”Everybody in the room immediately went on high alert, hands flying to weapon holsters and bodies dropping into defensive stances. In the silence, the snick of a window closing echoed throughout the space.Steve took point, creeping towards the door through which the sound had originated in a deep crouch. The others followed, everyone relying on their bare hands save for Natasha, who had somehow managed to conceal a knife somewhere in the folds of her sweatpants. Steve was debating whether or not to open the door when it swung open. A short, slim figure in dark clothing and a hood emerged right into the Captain’s expectant fist. The intruder went flying into a nearby wall, his fall stopped by Steve’s hand curling around his throat and pinning him in place. In the struggle, his hood had slipped off to reveal a young face and wide brown eyes.Steve was momentarily stilled by the youth of his opponent but quickly recovered, thoughts of boys fighting wars crumbling his instinctive inhibitions.“Oh my god,” the boy breathed. “You’re Captain America.”“Yes, he is,” Natasha stated calmly from over Cap’s shoulder. “Now, why don’t you tell us who exactly you are.” Her words formed a question, but her tone heavily implied that it was anything but.The boy became even more nervous at the interrogation, eyes darting to each of the team members before resting back on Natasha. “I, well you see, I, uh, well…”Natasha was unimpressed. She jerked her head at Clint, her steely gaze never leaving Peter, and Clint returned a few moments later with a chair from the kitchen. Steve practically hurled him into the chair, and any escape attempts were stilled by the bands of scarlet magic which wrapped themselves around his ankles and wrists. Peter coughed, grateful to have full use of airways back and looked up to see a very angry Black Widow looking down at him.“I’ll ask one more time,” Natasha threatened. “Who are you?”Their captive deliberated over the merits of exposing his true identity before replying, “Peter. Peter Parker.”Near the back of the crowd of heroes, Sam snorted. “Come on, man. That just sounds made up.”“Agreed.” With that, Natasha brought her knife up to the boy’s face and made a small cut along his cheekbone. “Try again.”“That’s my name, I swear! Peter Benjamin Parker, son of Richard and Mary Parker, nephew of --”“We get it, kid,” Clint cut in. His face remained impassive even as Peter’s pleading eyes darted across each of the team members’ imposing forms.“So, ‘Peter,’” Natasha continued. “Why are you in Stark Tower?”Peter struggled briefly against the bands of magic holding him in place before replying, “I’m just an intern!”Ruby red lips contorted into a threat reminiscent of a smile. “I used to work at Stark Industries. Tony Stark doesn’t do interns, never has and never will.” Peter gulped at that, unused to his alibi being shot down so effectively.“Even if you were an intern,” Steve asked, “why would you be climbing in through the window?”A nervous laugh escaped Peter and he couldn’t help but let a quip slip out. “Because if I didn’t come inside then I’d be an out-tern.” His fai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
How Do I Tag
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Precious Peter Parker
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

