Work Text:
Peter Parker was a smart kid. No one could argue with that fact, after all he went to an advanced school that focused on math and science and received stellar grades, at least when his duties as a superhero weren’t keeping him from writing papers and working on projects. He might be considered dim when it came to social skills by some, but he picked up on more than people thought. He could tell when MJ was being condescending or when their apartment super was lingering because he wanted to talk with his aunt for a few minutes longer. Oh flirting he could pick up on alright, he’d seen enough people doing it with May to understand these people weren’t just being extra nice for no reason. And he knew that Tony liked to flirt with Stephen Strange. Stephen wasn’t at all the Avengers’ meetings but when he was, Peter noted how Tony reacted. Sometimes in the middle of a meeting or a party, a more rare occurrence, sparks would materialize midair and a portal would form. When the first sign of this portal appeared Tony always perked up, and no matter how frustrated he was because of their deliberations, the arrival of the sorcerer improved his mood. The other Avengers may not have noticed the effect Strange had on the billionaire but Peter’s Spidey Senses were practically tingling. Peter liked Tony, he hadn’t realized how much he had missed having an adult male role model in his life, especially one that shared his passion for science and engineering. After everything with Thanos, Peter had started going on regular trips to the Avengers’ facility. Sometimes it was Peter and Tony tooling around in his workshop on new devices and improvements to their suits, other times they were running drills in a simulator. A few times, it was just them watching a movie or playing video games and eating takeout. Those were Peter’s favorite times he spent with Tony. Yes, some might say Tony had become a bit of a father figure to Peter, and the teenager could see that Tony was a bit lonely. He could joke around all he wanted, but when the other heroes left after a meeting, Peter could tell Tony would start to shut down, like his snark was all a front that he was just putting on for an audience. But Tony acted genuinely to a certain extent, especially towards Peter and Stephen Strange. Peter liked Stephen Strange too. Peter wasn’t sure about the sorcerer at first, thinking him too serious, especially for someone who went around with the title “Doctor Strange” (Peter was mortified when he found out that was his real name, not a made-up title like Peter had just assumed). But then he had cracked a joke so cringeworthy it had only made Peter laugh and he knew that he was alright. After that, Stephen had helped Peter a few times in his crime-fighting. Well, his helping was more like, doing the job for Peter. The first time the sorcerer had dealt with the baddies, simple bank robbers, by disarming them and tying them up with a magical energy rope for the police to deal with. He told Peter to get home and go study for his chemistry test. Peter was a little disturbed that Strange had known about his upcoming exam. Other times, he saved Peter. The first time Peter had been struck with a blast and would’ve hit a wall had it not been for the Cloak of Levitation wrapping itself around him and catching him in the air. Peter had already taken a lot of damage at that point and had passed out only to wake up in a gothic mansion laying on an old fancy sofa. Stephen had come in with a glass of water and some aspirin and assured Peter that he would live to fight another day.The next time Peter had been in danger, the piece of debris that the supervillain blasted at him had merely ricocheted off of what appeared to be a red glowing sphere around him. Peter had found it weird until he was able to look closely and examine his suit and find a small stitched series of runes on material that stretched over his calf muscle, close to the bend in the knee. Peter was impressed that Stephen could effectively alter Stark technology in such a way. He was also touched by the gesture. Peter could tell that Tony’s interest in the sorcerer was not one-sided. The few times Peter had been around Stephen alone, Strange had asked as nonchalantly as possible after Stark. Asking after his health, asking if he had tried the tea that he had given him to help him sleep (Tony had, even if the taste had made his face screw up, but he had slept like a rock for the first time in a long time). When Strange joined the Avengers, his eyes were always searching for Tony when he came through the portal and his face always lit up in a smile when he found him. Peter could tell that Stephen’s awkward jokes were a desperate attempt at getting Tony to like him. Peter knew that it worked. So, Peter liked the two men. And they had looked out for him, both in their own way. He wanted them to be happy. And he thought maybe, just maybe, they could be happy together. Tony with his science 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Flirting
alien attacks
Hurt/Comfort
Getting Together
clueless adults
tricky Peter
dad figures
New Superfamily
Fluff
Protective Tony Stark

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

