Work Text:
Thor rocked back on his heels as he processed Loki’s announcement, eyes drawn automatically to the stomach he was hunching over, eyes searching for the evidence which wouldn’t appear for another few months. Pregnant, Loki was pregnant. Thor took a shuddering breath, remembering the night he had spent with the young man in front of him, easily remembering the fantasy he had indulged in so deeply. And this was fantasy made true, so he needed to proceed carefully. He pulled himself to his feet, pacing a few steps towards the windows before swinging back around as Loki started speaking again.“I- I should get rid of it right? I don’t have anything to support a baby with, Thor! My job barely supports me… I- I have to go to a doctor.” His voice was panicked, eyes brimming with tears, and he stared at Thor as though he would tell him what to do, clearly searching for an authority figure to fix the terrifying situation he found himself in.Thor froze as a possessive energy rolled through him, the thought of his seed being ripped from Loki’s body setting an angry flame low in his stomach, he wanted to see Loki swell with it, wanted to watch him grow and change with the process, wanted to leave an irreversible mark on Loki’s life. This would tie him to Thor forever, in the precise way he had craved so deeply on the night he had planted his seed in Loki’s supple little body. He stared down at Loki’s hunched form, at the shake of his shoulders as he suppressed sobs and tried not to hyperventilate, clearly edging ever closer to a panic attack. Thor took a deep, steadying breath, mind settling firmly on his course of action, as twisted as he knew it was. “Loki.” He said, voice kind to soften the condescension he laced underneath it, secure in the knowledge that he could manipulate Loki’s trust so easily, “There’s nothing they could do for you, your biology is too different. They’d keep you under supervision until you gave birth, and then they’d take you back to your parents or study you.” He left the end of his statement hanging, eyes scrutinising Loki’s reaction intensely, deliberately playing on fears which he either knew or suspected Loki to possess.Loki paled, skin turning almost grey as he considered the possibilities of being returned to his parents, of staying under the constant supervision as his body changed, of being kept and studied by faceless doctors. “But- I can’t- they  wouldn’t…” He trailed off, hands covering his mouth as he rocked himself, “Thor… I don’t- I don’t know what to do.”Thor smiled down at him, whispering reassurances and promises, and moved to sit beside him, encircling him with a large arm to pull him into his side. Loki’s hands knotted into his shirt, pressing his shaking body against Thor’s, seeking any form of comfort as he tried to find a way out of the situation. Thor grinned to himself as Loki cuddled into him, head tucked beneath Thor’s chin, hands holding him as though he was the last life boat on a sinking ship. He threaded a hand into Loki’s hair, petting him gently, untangling the knots which had accumulated from anxious hair twisting, and breathed in Loki’s scent, pressed his lips into Loki’s hair as he planted a gentle kiss, continuing to try and soothe the distraught kid before him. He felt tears soaking into his shirt, and he hugged him closer, pulling Loki across his lap so that he could hold him more comfortably, and relished the sheer intimacy of Loki’s weight cradled across his thighs, of his face pressed into the crook of Thor’s neck, breath skimming across his skin, leaving Thor’s hair standing on end and the slow burn of arousal in the pit of his stomach. He moved a hand to cradle Loki’s chin as he slowly calmed, forcing him to look up from Thor’s shoulder, face tear stained and eyes rimmed with red which only made the colour prettier as far as Thor was concerned.“You need a plan, Loki.” He informed him firmly, voice a gentle rumble, and he tightened his grip on the sharp chin slightly as Loki tried to bury himself back into the perceived safety of Thor’s body. “Listen. To. Me. You need a plan. How long are you going to stay at work Loki? You know how the world treats pregnant women-“Loki’s eyes flashed from panicked sorrow to offense in a matter of seconds, voice tight with something between embarrassment and fury, “I’m not a woman.” He tried to pull his chin away from Thor’s grip, and he relented, instead moving it to his shoulders, keeping his attention centred on Thor.“I know, I know,” He soothed, rubbing Loki’s back gently, soothing the tensed muscles with a nimbleness which belayed the size of his fingers, “But do you think you’ll experience anything different? I mean, it’d be worse for you… You’re special, Loki. And when you start to show, everyone will be able to see, especially with those shirts you wear.” He watched as Loki tugged self-consciously at the crumpled white shirt he wore, already so form fitting, and he shook his head mutely, completely ent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Dark Thor (Marvel)
Coercion
Sexual Coercion
Teen Pregnancy
Emotional Manipulation
Pregnancy Kink
Voyeurism
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Masturbation
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Abusive Relationships

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

