Work Text:
“Hey watch where you're shooting that thing lady” Spider-man yelled as he dodged a blast of pink energy and shimmering dust. The villain of the week some unknown women in a monstrous poufy pink princess gown shouting for who they could only assume was her boyfriend. “JACK! COME OUT YOU COWARD” She shrieked, hoovering in mid air while her blasts shattered  glass from the nearby buildings and the shimmering dust flew in all directions. “Look, if you just calm down, I'm sure we can talk this out” Captain America yelled from where he was perched atop a building, his shield raised to fend off the flying dust and debris. “SHUT UP, BRING ME JACK” She shrieked, shooting off several more blasts. “Spider-man can you incapacitate her?” Captain America asked into his com link. He'd tried to talk her down, but enough was enough, it was time to put a stop to this before someone got hurt..“You got it” The web slinger answered. He slipped quietly behind the villainess, shooting out with his webbing before she had a chance to notice him. She screeched and struggled as she was securely wrapped up,“Iron man, bring her down” The blond instructed. “You got it cap” The billionaire answered, grabbing the women and hauling her to the ground.“YOU'LL BE SORRY, YOU'LL ALL BE SORRY” She screamed, the whole way down. “Whatever you say” Tony laughed, handing her off to the waiting SHEILD team. “Well that was interesting” He said to the other two heroes who had join him on the ground.“And easy... too easy” Captain America said looking around skeptically, It couldn’t be that simple, could it?“Come on cap, its not like she was Doom, or Red Skull, shes just a disgruntled girlfriend with a few party tricks” Tony replied, in his usual cocky self assured manner. “Never underestimate your opponent Iron man” Captain America chastised.Peter watched the two older heroes bicker back and forth as only mates and equals could, Tony insisting that his mate was overreacting, and Steve insisting his mate was being careless and arrogant. He tugged at his suit, he was starting to sweat, which was odd, why had he only started sweating now, the sun wasn't that hot and he was standing still, “Hey, is anyone else getting kind hot?” he asked interrupting the argument. “Now that you mention it, a little” The blond hero answered, looking confused.The shimmering dust on on Peter's hand twinkled in the light and caught his attention. He examined it, rolling it between his gloved fingers, his body heated up a little more and a shiver of something different racing up his spine, it couldn't be his heat, that was over a month away still, then it hit him, “Oh you have got to be kidding me” He groaned.“What? What is is spider-man” The blond omega asked worriedly, raising the shield and preparing for an incoming attack.“This” Peter said holding up his hand to show the other two.“The glitter... So?” Iron man asked raising an unseen eyebrow under his mask. “Yeah only it isn't just glitter, I think it's got an aphrodisiac effect to it”  The young hero explained.“Sex pollen” Tony exclaimed a little too excitedly.“Are you sure spider-man?” Captain America asked, though he already knew the answer, his body already feeling the affects. He pushed away the urge to squirm as sweat slide down his back. “Yeah pretty sure” Peter deadpanned, pointing to several mostly naked couples on the sidewalk, their clothes ripped and discarded, pawing at each other and moaning. “Keep your helmet on Iron man” Captain America quickly barked at his mate, already sensing the mans intentions, hand halfway to his helmet.  “Ah, but Cap, sex pollen” The billionaire whined.“No Tony” Steve growled warningly. “Fine” The alpha conceded, hands up in surrender. He might have been a lot of things, but stupid wasn't one of them, he knew better then to disobey his mate when he was serious.“Fury can clean this up while we head back to the tower” The blond said, he was really starting to feel the effects, “Spider-man you should come with us” The blond hero offered.“Thanks, but I'm just gonna head home” Peter answered shaking his heard, looking in the direction of his apartment as though he might be able to see it somehow.“Are you sure? The tower is closer” The captain encouraged.“Yeah, I'll be fine, besides Wade's at home” The thought of his mate sent another shiver up his spine.“Alright, but keep you're com active just in case and well let you know when we find out anything” The blond instructed. His seemingly unfazed seriousness betrayed only by his shaking hands.“Sure thing” The young hero answered as he shot off. Peter swung through the city weaving between buildings with only one thought on his mind, Wade. Wetness was blossoming between his legs, soaking through his suit, his hole twitching, begging to filled. Driving him. He hit the top of their building hard, struggling to keep upright. He crawled down the side of the building to their window and slipped through. “Wade” He called as soon as his fee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Sex Pollen
Anal Sex
Bondage
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Verse
Bottom Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Top Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade Wilson
Panic Attacks
Anxiety

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

