Chapter 1: Insomnia
    




Chapter Text
Regardless of the pure and total exhaustion that permeated his entire being, his mind refused to calm. He alternated between footage of the siege and notes he was dictating to JARVIS about the creatures that had attacked. Every time his eyes started to cross from strain, he rubbed at them but the sudden darkness behind his lids turned into the cold emptiness of the void and it's waiting legions.That's exactly what it felt like. Like something huge was on the horizon and no matter what he could manage to figure out about the aliens and their tech.... it wouldn't be enough.He had tried to convey the feelings of dread and impending world domination to Fury and Steve.... The first had looked like he might've considered doing something more serious about it, but he had already agreed that Thor could take the Tesseract off world. For everyone's safety. Steve.....Tony sighed. He had grown up looking up to the guy, then eventually feeling a bit irritated because he never felt he could live up to the legend that was Steve freaking Rogers in his father's eyes.He was a big boy now. Yeah. He didn't need to dwell on his adolescent feelings of inadequacy.Steve had listened to him. After clapping him on the shoulder  again  and telling him how proud he was of Tony doing something so heroic for everyone else. Like the guy couldn't actually believe Tony had an unselfish bone in his damn body.  Ugh . He was circling back to those old insecurities again and it was driving him nuts! Steve had talked to him as if he was a good little soldier and it irked him. He also had no proof of the masses waiting in the void and wouldn't give Tony's account and general fearful feelings much merit. Tony had no idea what he was looking at anyway right?He grabbed a cut glass tumbler and filled it from the bottle of scotch at his elbow.Fucking Steve. He was a genius. He knew what he had seen. He didn't need to be a General to understand the invasion that they had barely cut off, had been a scouting expedition. All those Chitauri and they'd had a few close calls. He knew what the giant motherships waiting outside the opening of the portal meant. What the general feeling of foreboding symbolized as his suit's power had failed him in the dead quiet and coldness of space. He didn't need Steve telling him he didn't understand battle tactics or space warfare. He knew what was coming and he couldn't sleep.Downing his drink and letting the fire burn down into his gut, he flung the current video feeds off his glass monitor and double tapped the security feeds from the tower.Watching the tall, dark and deadly vision of the metal and leather clad God of Mischief and Lies still made his heart beat a little too fast. He still couldn't believe how reckless, impulsive and.... pretty fucking stupid he'd been. He had known with the first glimpse of the Asgardian in the dossier SHIELD had given him earlier in the day. Loki was nothing like his brother. Images would NEVER do the calculating menace justice. Something that visceral wasn't easily transferred to still imagery.Video on the other hand.... Loki moved like he had extra muscles.... like he'd practiced walking and... stalking like a panther. Yep. Black fucking panther. A shadow in a tree waiting for the opportune moment to drop down on you and fucking devour you.Watching first his own brazen chat with the guy, then the fight with his brother..... he easily cataloged the stark differences in their manor and attack styles.Loki stalked. Thor bulldozed.Loki would stand, half turned away, making his over 6 foot tall body seem smaller until he lunged for your goddamn throat. Thor stood, his body a huge force that loomed over everything.The dark god grinned and his eyes shone with a manic amusement that Tony..... Well, Tony understood it. Tony was, after all pretty reckless and chaotic in general. Loki used words to deflect, confuse, and then cripple and bleed his opponents. Thor just hauled off and pummeled with that damn hammer. He still had a bruise across his chest that made his arc reactor ache a little as he moved. That showdown between himself, Steve and Thor in the forest was a pretty vivid memory.He had so many other aches, pains, bruises and cuts, everything just kind of blended together with his overall exhaustion. He was just avoiding sleep. He knew the regular Afghanistan nightmares were going to be taking a vacation from his subconscious tonight.He refused to sleep yet, and as someone who had pushed his body to the very brink of what was physically possible as far as sleep deprivation went.... he knew he had a few more hours in him.It was in his contemplative, sleep avoiding moments around 3am that he caught the micro expression on Loki's face. During their verbal battle, something didn't seem right and upon multiple replays and slowing of the video he could catch the flickers of relief. It didn't make much sense considering Tony had been threatening the Ave
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Science Bros
Magic
Post-Avengers (2012)
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
SHIELD
Eventual Loki/Tony Stark
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Pining Tony Stark
Pining Loki (Marvel)
Tony Stark Angst
Loki (Marvel) Angst
Slow Burn
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
avengers party time!
Karaoke God
Loki Sings
Tony's Dreams Begin!
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
fem!Loki
Loki's band could be called Loki's Clones
Loki sings for Tony
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Top Tony Stark
Finally!

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanov

