Chapter 1





Chapter Text




 Loki had been acting odd for the past few weeks, and it was beginning to worry Tony and the Avengers. But for very different reasons. Clint was sure that Loki was up to something dangerous and had taken to stalking the god, while Thor was so worried that he brought Loki poptarts every day as a “way to cheer you up, brother!”Tony didn't want Loki to talk about it if he didn't want to, but still... he loved the god, despite Loki's faults, and he wanted to help. So Tony finally made up some hot chocolate (with Bruce's help, but Loki didn't need to know that), and hunted Loki down.He eventually found the mage in the library a few doors down from their bedroom in the penthouse. Loki was on the sofa, feet hanging over one arm, head pillowed under his hands. There was a book on his stomach, but it was clear to Tony that it had been sitting there a while, unread.'Hey,' Tony said. Loki didn't turn, but hummed to acknowledge Tony's presence. 'Hot chocolate?' Tony asked and brandished the large mug at Loki.Loki chuckled and glanced up when Tony came into view. 'Why do you believe that chocolate fixes everything?''Uh... 'cause it does?' Tony huffed. 'Especially when mixed with alcohol.' Loki wrinkled his nose. 'Hey, don't hate my double-chocolate rum cake 'til you try it.''Your double-chocolate rum cake?' Loki asked and sat up. He took the mug and eyed Tony as the genius sat down.Tony licked his lips. 'Okay, so it's Bruce's double-chocolate cake, but I mix the rum in when he isn't looking.' Loki chuckled and settled back, one leg tucked under his body. Tony made himself comfortable, leaning against the armrest behind him. 'So...''So?' Loki echoed.'What's up with you?' Tony asked. When Loki sighed, Tony added, 'Don't give me that crap about nothing being wrong. I've caught you lost in thought at least seven times this past week alone. And Clint actually managed to sneak up on you with a super-soaker. So come on, Lo, what's up?''You wouldn't believe me if I told you,' Loki replied. 'Or perhaps you would,' he continued, head tilted, 'you seem to understand and believe me more than anyone I've ever met.''S'cause I'm awesome,' Tony joked. Loki chuckled. 'Come on, Lo,' Tony repeated. 'If you don't wanna tell me the details, that's fine. But I'm worried.''You really are,' Loki commented. He was wearing that soft, pained smile he usually did when he and Tony discussed serious matters; like he didn't believe that Tony really loved him, or that he deserved someone's love. They'd only been together a year, and Tony was still working to make Loki realise that he was worth it. Loki would never be a “good guy”, but he wasn't inherently evil, either; he deserved to be loved.Tony sipped his hot chocolate, and waited.Finally, Loki seemed to gather himself, and wrapped both hands firmly around the hot mug. 'You are aware that I've visited Midgard before, yes? Before Thor's banishment and the invasion, I mean.''You've mentioned it, yeah,' Tony nodded.'I visited for quite a bit longer than I led you or my family to believe,' Loki continued. Tony knew that he was referring to Thor and Frigga; Loki still didn't, and would never, consider Odin his father, not any more. 'One time was a while ago,' Loki admitted. 'I was on Midgard for twenty-five years, pretending to be somebody else.''Who?' Tony asked.'A boy, nobody terribly important,' Loki sighed. Tony got the feeling that there was more to this story. 'I needed to get away from Asgard for a while,' Loki explained, 'and I found that Midgard had its very own magical community when I travelled down here.''Wait, what?' Tony interrupted. 'We have magic?''Yes,' Loki confirmed. 'There is a whole hidden world of people who refer to themselves as witches and wizards. Normal people aren't able to detect them. They have whole governments committed to keeping their world a secret.'Tony gaped a bit. Okay... magic. Right, of course; why the fuck not?'I joined them,' Loki said when Tony failed to speak. 'As a boy, a magical boy.''A boy?' Tony echoed.'Yes,' Loki repeated. 'There was an older couple, very well-known in the magic world, who were unable to have children. I stumbled across them when I was exploring the new world I had discovered. I changed my appearance and made them believe that I was their son.'Tony gaped a bit more.'I just wanted to belong somewhere,' Loki admitted, his voice soft, now. 'Somewhere where the locals didn't sneer at me because of who I was or what I was capable of doing. To finally be in a place where I wasn't compared to Thor. And I made that couple happy until they passed; they believed that they had finally sired a son, when they were unable to do so.''Right...' Tony blinked a bit.'I fell into my alias a bit too thoroughly, though,' Loki continued. 'I was sent to a magical school, where I finally got friends. I eventually fell for someone who loved me, the other me. I was happy.'Tony frowned as Loki's voice cracked on the last word. Oh, no..
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
Dysfunctional Family
Romance
Dumbledore Bashing
Manipulative Dumbledore
Angst and Humor
Family Drama
Sexual Content
Harry is Loki's son
Tony and Loki being awesome parents
other tags to be added as I go

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

