Chapter 1





Chapter Text

 
Herein is a question and answer session about Owlet’s Bucky Barnes fic series The Infinite Coffee & Protection Detail, with Owlet answering questions from MusingsOnBuckyBarnes.  


 How did This, You Protect come about?

 After my third time seeing the movie [Captain America: The Winter Soldier], I thought it would be fun to write a one-shot about how obnoxious it would be to only partially remember and have to look after Steve. "Oh great," says I, "I can practice writing humor." Hundreds of thousands of words later: what even is my life.  


 From your comments as you were writing This, You Protect, you did not set out to write such a long fic or a series, but you kept having more ideas and tangents and loved writing Grumpy Bucky?

 Accurate! It really did just take over my brain.  

 Now that the main stories in the series are done, after you have a well-earned rest and work on your other writing and poems, are any one shots likely in due course for the IC&PD?
 Mmmmmmaaaaaaaybe. I have notes for a few, that take Steve & Barnes out to the end of their lives, but I hesitate to commit, because I need to focus on my original stuff for now.  

BUCKY BARNES:


 


 Coffee addict (did he like it in his old life?) and quick to get back to personal grooming (he was a metrosexual before it was popular). 
 In my mind, coffee: no – the Bucky-Person drank coffee for warmth & caffeine, but I do picture him as pretty dang vain, until his time under Zola’s “tender care” broke him.  

 What appealed to you about Bucky? What did you learn about him when writing this?
 Initially, in Winter Soldier, I immediately latched onto this character who was set up to be remorseless & relentless, but who was confused in a way he didn’t understand by that *face.* In the fight on the helicarrier, you know his handlers would’ve been incensed by his hesitation, when he was obviously standing there thinking, “Okay, asshole: input me some data so I can determine just what kind of irritant you are.”  

 Where did you get the idea for the Mission and the Briefing?
 You see the Briefing in Winter Soldier, in the memory flashes during the bank vault scene. Mission just erupted into my head out of this sense that there are parts of him HYDRA never tore down.  


 The climax of This, You Protect – when did you decide that sheep pants would help save the day?

 It was one of those beautiful surprises that happen when you make stuff, and I cried all over my notebook.  

 Bucky’s recovery – a slow, realistic process with some setbacks, pain and humor: learning how to open up to others, to get used to physical contact again eventually, how he helps himself and lets others in, safe spots, good things list, reading, long baths, personal care, baking, sheep pants, coffee, helping others and much more.
 There have been a couple of times when a really small thing has saved my life. Everyone’s small lifesaving thing is different. Barnes’s are PJs, baking, and concrete assistive actions.  

 What I love particularly about this Bucky is how others are drawn to him like Steve was as his true, kind self is able to start emerging again, and how his involvement with those people affects them in turn, like the Avengers interacting with each other in new ways (e.g. the ice cream tasting) and them getting to meet the Olds, which is beneficial all around.
 People who don’t recognize how valued they are is a trope I never, ever, ever get tired of. We’re all stuck in our meat bodies, and we see all the messy bits in the inside (my best friend says, “Oh Virginia, you will never irritate anyone as much as you irritate yourself”), and we forget that there exist people who just LIKE us, and that that’s enough. I’ll be writing about that my whole life.  

STEVE:

 

 The readers find out in this series that Steve tends to cheat at card games and has been doing so for a long time. Is that because it was the only edge he had when he was sick and frail and tired of being underestimated & he can’t or doesn’t want to break the habit now? 
 Steve’s a snotball and a contrarian. In my head, he learned to cheat from the women in the Star-Spangled Man show, because they liked to fleece guys who were looking to get the women drunk & take advantage of them. So to him, it’s both a habit and a tool to annoy jerks. Also, he thinks it’s funny to be Captain America, Cheater At Cards. Because the one thing other than Bucky that has always been a constant in his life is people underestimating him/trying to define him by one thing (illness/size vs the costume & shield). 

 And why does he cheat against LYDIA (which is asking her to serve his ass to him on a platter!)? Does he have a death wish?
 He recognizes a similar level of sarcasm in her and thinks it’s hilarious to try to fool her and then get walloped by her.  

 What things did you discover about Steve along the way?
 The cheating at cards thing, which was a throwaway line in the first chapter where I ref
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Owlet answers some questions
How in the world am I supposed to tag this thing

fandom: 
None
