Chapter 1: Saved by an Alpha
    




Chapter Text

“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me!” Darcy exclaims, stopping in her tracks and staring at the fallen tree to her right, covered in moss. “I’ve seen this before, I’m going in circles. FUCK!” Darcy throws her bag to the ground and stomps her exhausted feet in a huff, surveying the forest with what little hope she had of not being lost fading with the sunlight disappearing behind the thick foliage. Darcy plops herself down on the log stretching her aching feet. She’s been walking for hours and is desperate to take off her shoes, but she’s afraid if she stops for too long she won’t get back up. “Alright pity party, time to get going again. Gotta be out of here by nightfall. Screw you Jane and your stupid science!”

Just then a growl rumbles through the trees making Darcy jump off the log and fall onto her knees, cutting her palms. She doesn’t notice the pain in her ankle as adrenaline tears through her body.

“I’m sorry Janie, I’m sorry science. Oh Frigga please don’t let me be mauled by a Mountain Lion.” Darcy prays as she stumbles back, eyes darting back and forth through the bush, searching for the hunter. 

Another growl screams through the forest and Darcy begins to shake as a cougar jumps up onto the log where she was sitting only moments ago. 

“Oh fuck.” Darcy whispers as she wills her legs to run, but they aren’t paying any attention to her as they are stuck in place. However luck gives her a couple more seconds as the hunter is distracted momentarily by her backpack, ripping it apart with his powerful fangs and claws, debris flying everywhere as he destroys it. Darcy manages to begin to step back, slowly moving away from the mountain lion, when she bumps into something solid and warm. Turning, still keeping one eye on the animal, she looks up at the man that has appeared behind her. 


Alpha…

 her body whispers to herself as his scent washes over her. Although he is wearing the clothing of a mountain man, his face and hair, pulled into a small bun, make him look like he just walked off the cover of GQ. Strong large hands clasp around her upper arms, slowly moving her behind him as he stares down the cougar who pauses in his destruction of her bag and glares back at the Alpha.

Darcy shakes her head, trying to clear the fog that is beginning to permeate her focus. Being so close to an Alpha while in such a stressful situation means that her mind is having a harder time than normal controlling her omega urges. 

Fuck you biology, I am not some sort of useless omega! 

Darcy yells internally as her body begins to react in favor of the Alpha’s protective behaviour. 

You will not open your legs for any Alpha just because he is tall and strong and sexy and …


“Grrrrrr.” The Alpha growls at the mountain lion, warning him powerfully yet very calmly.

Maybe it’s that Darcy finally feels the pain in her twisted ankle, the exhaustion from the day catching up with her, or more likely, it’s that quiet power that exudes from the Alpha. But her legs turn to jelly and she falls to the ground in a puddle, shivering as the Alpha’s growl slides over her skin. She isn’t the only one affected though, as the cougar quickly turns tail and runs off into the dense bush.

“You alright Doll?” The Alpha’s voice drifts over her as he crouches down, his scent wafting across making her eyes glaze a little bit. His eyes, a bright blue, seeming to pierce right through her.

“Uh… yeah…” Darcy manages to stutter out, her eyes locked on his. Her last bit of stubborn bravado refusing to let her look away as an omega in this situation would, but in fact meeting his gaze head on. “Thank you, for… you know… saving me.”

“You’re welcome. Are you hurt?” The Alpha looks concerned as he takes in her awkward position on the ground.

“No… well yes… my ankle.” Darcy gasps as she puts a little pressure on it. “I may have twisted it.”

“My cabin is close by, I’ll take you there and call in an extraction from the Mountain Rangers.” He leans in to lift her up into his arms but she quickly pushes him away, her heart rate soaring with an Alpha being so close. He rears back from her, his eyes widening seemingly confused with her behaviour. 


Well that makes two of us! 

Darcy thinks as she tries to figure out why she’s behaving so irrationally. “Sorry, I’m just… it’s been a long day.” She tries to excuse herself running her hands through her hair in an effort to calm herself. More of his scent is making its way across to her, making her insides flutter in longing.

“It’s alright doll.” His kind smile and accent seem out of place, but it soothes Darcy. “I haven’t even introduced myself yet, I’m Bucky.” He offers his hand to her.

“Hi Bucky, I’m Darcy.” She says as she shakes his offered hand. 

Oh so big and strong… shut up stupid omega-brain!


“May I help you to the cabin, Darcy?” He asks gently, like one would to a frightened kitten.

“Yes, please.” Darcy replies, nodding and he scoops her up eff
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Blizzards & Snowstorms
Tags Contain Spoilers
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Darcy Lewis is the fandom bicycle and I love it
Rape/Non-con Elements
Extremely Dubious Consent
Smut
Omega Darcy Lewis
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Porn
Canon-Typical Violence
How did this get plot?
Everyone Is Poly Because Avengers
Pack Dynamics
Protective Natasha Romanov
BAMF Jane Foster
Beta Natasha Romanov
Beta Clint Barton
Beta Sam Wilson
Pack Sex
Anal Sex
Foursome - F/M/M/M
Fluff
First Dates
Threesome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Sam Wilson
Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Darcy Lewis/Natasha Romanov

