Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I need Steve's address.”Tony frowned at the bubbling contents of the test tube.  “Check the database,” he said, making a minute adjustment to the flame.Pepper leaned over the prep station.  “The database,” she repeated.“Yes.”  Tony reached for a glass stirring rod.Pepper straightened back up, hovering a fingertip over the gleaming surface of her tablet.  “Check the database.”“Am I missing something here, because I'm kind of in the middle of this, and database management isn't really my area of specialization, so-”“Yes, but it is mine,” Pepper said, her voice unnaturally chipper.  Tony paused, his fingers hovering over his notes.  He looked up to find Pepper staring at him, a wide, toothy grin plastered on her face.  “So.  If I'm asking you this question, do you really think that the answer would be found in the database?”Tony kept eye contact with her as he reached for a petri dish.  “I'm guessing the answer to that would be a solid no.”Pepper threw her hands in the air.  “He's a genius!”“First of all, yes, I am, I have a good dozen magazines that I subscribe to simply because at one point or another they did, in fact, put that in print, and second of all, this is more sarcasm than I'm used to handling from you on the average day,” Tony said.  The gel inside the test tube threatened to boil over, and he fumbled for a pair of tongs.  Pepper got there first, handing them over with a flick of her fingers.  “It's not an average day,” she said.  “In that my boss is determined to throw a party and somehow that has become my problem.”“I'm an idea man,” Tony said, waving the tongs in her general direction.  “Full  of ideas.  I leave the execution to other people.”  Pepper's eyes narrowed at him, and he pasted a bright smile on his face.  “Brilliant, organized people.  Who I value very highly.”“And I'm sure such people will see that regard in their upcoming bonus checks,” Pepper said.  “Do we do bonus checks?” Tony asked.“We sure as hell do now, if I'm expected to be a party planner as well as running your restaurant,” Pepper said.  “Especially if your guest list has this many holes in it.”“Invite people.”  Tony sniffed cautiously at the test tube, then thrust it in Pepper's direction.  “Does this smell like raspberries to you?”She gave him a suspicious look, but leaned over to take a quick smell.  Her nose wrinkled.  “More...  Citrusy?”   Pepper straightened up.  “It's raspberry puree?”“Cranberry,” Tony said.  He tipped the test tube to the side, watching the gel coat the inside of the test tube.  “Maybe less ghost pepper...”Pepper took a delicate step backwards, well out of range.  “Please tell me that this doesn't have anything to do with the new dessert menu.”“I promise nothing,” Tony said.  He dropped the test tube into the rack.  “Pep. Seriously.  Invite whoever you want.  You know the ratios we're looking for.”“Forty percent money, twenty-five percent celebrities, fifteen percent politicians, ten percent press and critics, five percent ridiculous flash in the pan tabloid fodder of the minute to draw the paparazzi coverage from everyone else, and five percent people we can actually stand,” Pepper said.“How did I ever live without you?”“I wonder that every single day.”  Pepper's fingernail clicked against the tablet's surface.  “So, may I have your boyfriend's address so that I'm not forced to spend the entire night distracting you from clubbing Bobby Flay over the head with an ice sculpture again?”“Do not invite-”“Do you really want to start up the 'food feud' coverage again?” Pepper asked.  Tony considered that.  “Because if you enjoyed that coverage, you were the only one who did.  No one else did.  No one.”“Listen, just-”“Fine, we'll skip him and ask Tiberius.”  “I don't think that Steve likes Ty.”“Fancy that,” Pepper said.  “Steve doesn't like your ex.  Your scummy, manipulative, exploitative-”Tony grinned down at his notes.  “You don't like ANY of my exes.”“I like me.  Then again, I'm the only decent ex you've got,” Pepper said.  “And I'd prefer we keep your current relationship from becoming an 'ex' situation, so can I please-”“He's at the curb,” Tony said, flapping a hand in the general direction of the front of the restaurant.  “Maybe if I added some basil smoke to this, it'd be a stronger impression on the palate, there's just so few ways to make that effective without adding the sulfurous elements and-”  As usual, he became aware of the deafening silence from the other side of his prep station just a little too late.  He paused, looking up to find Pepper staring at him, her face unreadable.  He pointed at her.  “This face.  I don't like it.  It's a-”  He leaned in, his eyes narrowing.  “It looks like disapproval.”“Do you not know where Steve lives?”Tony opened his mouth.  Closed it.  “Fourteen hours a day, he lives on the curb outside my restaurant,” he said, and that sounded more defensive than he'd intended it to.  “Which, you know, seems adequate, so-”“You don't know wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Domestic Fluff
Comfort Food
Everyone's a chef
Well not really
but yes pretty much everyone's a chef
It's Sam's fault

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

