Work Text:
Steve Rogers has a plan.“It’s not like you can keep renting your apartments, now that your income source is ever so slightly non-existent,” Tony points out, fiddling mindlessly with a tablet that looks unspeakably technologically advanced. “So you have no money to rent, and you also have custom made floors in the most secure building in New York. Seems like a no-brainer to me.”“I don’t know, maybe I want to check what’s on the market first,” Steve replies teasingly. He’s leaning against a counter and watching Clint cook some sort of stew. Clint’s been narrating everything he does, giving him an idea of how something like this is made, before he throws Steve in the deep end. It smells homey and comforting – exactly what Steve needs, after this week. “Doctor Banner, how are you liking it here?”“Hmm? It’s, yeah, it’s good here. Really guys, you’ll love it,” Bruce mumbles. He scribbles something down on his own tablet and holds it next to Tony’s, whispering something. Tony makes what Steve is quickly coming to recognise as an Excited Science Noise and writes something on Bruce’s tablet before frantically tapping on his own screen.“They’ve been like this every time they come out of their science cave,” Clint laments, adding a few shakes of something powdery to the stew and stirring. He dips a spoon in, then holds it up to Steve’s face. “Taste.”Steve obeys. It’s delicious, and he says as much. “Maybe a bit more spice,” he adds. “I like spicy food.”“Yeah, so does Bruce, I swear he cooked us this south-Asian curry the other day and-“ Clint mimes an explosion in front of his mouth. “There’s still some in the freezer, if you wanna try it tomorrow.”“I will,” Steve decides. Somehow, this is what breaks through the scientific haze enveloping Tony and Bruce.“So, you’re staying, then?” Tony says. “Because I have a gym in the basement with like, three hundred different machines in it, and I only use maybe three of them? Angry Bird over there uses five, big man that he is.”“You already called me that today,” Clint points out. “Unimaginative much?”“Maybe I like that one,” Tony retorts. “If the shoe fits, and all that.” Clint just shakes his head and turns the stove off.What this all comes to is that Steve has a plan, and it mostly involves wheedling JARVIS into running as thorough a search as he possibly can for Bucky without Tony, or Bruce for that matter, being aware of what he’s doing. Then he’s going to go out, find Bucky, and…Well, he’ll cross that bridge when he comes to it.But sitting here around some ultra-designed table that is definitely not designed to withstand being in an Avengers common space, eating a delicious beef stew that warms his bones with the exactly right amount of spiciness, he decides that his plan can wait until tomorrow. Bucky has apparently survived this long without him; he can survive one more night before Steve comes to get him.---Morning comes, and with it comes a flaw in his plan.The city is busy at 6am, especially around Stark Tower. Steve’s been looking forward to jogging around the area since he left DC. The bright lights and frantic traffic that was once bewildering is now soothing, reminding him that life in the city continues on in spite of chaos and destruction. The world of espionage was dealt a massive blow barely days ago, and yet here they all are, fighting traffic and straggling down the sidewalk, no thoughts except as to how late they’re going to be for work, whether or not they turned the stove off. It’s a balm to his guilt, knowing that life and society as he knows it hasn’t screeched to a halt because of what he set in motion.In this state of peace and goodwill, he goes to set off on his jog, but halts just outside the tower doors. There’s a man sitting against the wall a few feet from the door, huddled into a lightweight hoodie and thin-looking gloves, seemingly trying to disappear entirely, from how tight he’s curled up. Steve thinks of the soul-heartening stew they’d had last night, of the six separate guest bedrooms on the common floor, and steps over to crouch down in front of the guy.“Excuse me, sir,” he says softly, trying to make his shoulders less intimidatingly broad. “Are you cold? Hungry? Can I help at all?”He really isn’t prepared for the man to lift his face from his knees and stare at him with Bucky’s eyes, and Bucky’s face, and oh shit.“Steve?” he says plaintively, expression crumpled.He hadn’t even considered that maybe Bucky would come to get him first.“Bucky,” Steve breathed, eyes drinking in the sight of him. “Are you hurt? Are you alright?”“I didn’t know where I had to go,” Bucky whispers, eyes moving to a point over Steve’s shoulder. “There was no one left. I knew you,” he says abruptly, eyes shooting back to Steve’s. “I found you. Captain America, leader of the Howling Commandos,” he recites. Steve can feel his heart sink as he starts to realise how much damage has been done to his friend. This isn’t quick-witted, charming and sly Bucky Barnes
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
various implied pairings
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Humor
non-consensual clothes sharing
Pre-Slash
i promise its humour the seriousness kind of just snuck in there

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
various implied pairings
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

