Work Text:
Peter awoke with cry and immediately wrapped his blankets around himself.  A split second later he became aware that he was shivering and his cheeks were tearstained.
“Mr. Parker?  Sergeant Barnes is awake.  Would you like me to send him to you?”  Jarvis’ voice was gentle enough that it didn’t startle him this time.
Peter nodded, not trusting his voice enough to speak.
There was a pause.  “Sergeant Barnes is en route.”Less than two minutes later Bucky was knocking softly on Peters door.
He heard a very weak, “come in.”
Something twisted inside of him at the sight of Peter pale and shaking, huddled against his headboard and drowning in blankets.  Bucky approached Peter, holding out his flesh hand, which was holding the softest, most cuddly looking teddy bear Peter had ever seen.
“I heard.  That having something to hold onto can help.”  Bucky said haltingly.  “With the waking up.”Peter managed a small watery smile and disentangled his arm, reaching out to take it.  “Thanks.”  He whispered. He cuddled the stuffed animal close.  It was surprisingly comforting.Bucky hesitated, edging closer and fidgeting a little.  “Can I hug you”
Peter nodded, ducking his head into the bear’s soft fur.
He crumpled into Bucky’s chest when he put his arms around Peter, blankets and all.  His smile turned wobbly at the edges as it hit him just how much Bucky cared.  All of the Avengers did.  Peter was sure that if Bucky wasn’t available, all of the others would be there in an instant.  There was no way he deserved this.
“Stop that.”  Bucky’s voice was gruff.Peter wasn’t sure how he knew.  Bucky couldn’t even see his face.
“Stop what?”  Oh, that was a mistake.  His voice sounded constricted like he was about to start crying again.“I can feel you thinking that you don’t deserve this.  Well listen pal, you deserve it.  And you don’t deserve all the shit that happens to you.”
Peter nodded against Bucky, trying desperately to believe him.  Tears started welling up again.  This time, at least they were closer to tears of relief.
Bucky shifted, pulling Peter even closer.  His voice was the softest Peter had ever heard it when he asked, “Do you want me to stay”
Peter nodded once more, and Bucky rearranged them so that he was on the bed too, Peter’s head resting on his shoulder.  The stuffed bear was still held to Peter’s chest, curled loosely in the crook of his elbow. He sniffed once, trying half-heartedly to stave off another bout of emotionally charged tears.
“It’s okay to cry.”  Bucky said in that same gentle tone, which triggered more crying.  Something about the tenderness just drove Peter to tears, at least when he was in this state.
Bucky sat stoically, if not a little bit stiffly,  through Peter’s tears, holding him through it and carding his flesh hand comfortingly through Peter’s hair.
When there was a lull in his crying and Bucky asked, “Do you want to talk about it”  It almost set Peter off again.  Luckily, this time only a few tears escaped and it subsided into sniffling.  “It- it was a happy dream.”  Peter said, his voice cracking.  He felt more wetness slip down his cheeks.
Bucky silently wiped them away, waiting for Peter to go on.
“Aunt May was there, and Uncle Ben.  I-I saved them.  A-and then I woke up, and-” He choked up, “I realized that I failed them.  Both of them.  They’re gone forever and it’s my fault.  I didn’t even get to tell either of them goodbye.”“What happened to your uncle”“H-he was mugged.  Right after I got my powers.  I even saw the men earlier that day, but I didn’t stop them.  I didn't know.”“It wasn’t your fault.”  Bucky said sharply.  Peter laughed bitterly.  It was more of a hiccup, really.  “That’s the thing, it’s never my fault.  It has to be someone’s fault though, right?  It should be my fault.  If i’d just-”“Deny.  It wasn’t your fault.”  Bucky repeated insistently, interrupting.  “Some things aren’t anyone’s fault.  Sometimes the entire world is conspiring against you.  You did the best you could.”“But what if I didn't?”  Peter whispered.  “What if I didn’t fight my hardest against Hydras mind-control and all the Assets victims were my fault.”“No!” Peter protested jerking upwards, horrified.  “You can’t think that!  You were brainwashed, and programmed and, and it wasn’t you.”“If i couldn’t control what was going on inside my own head, then why would you be able to control things that were external”The logic seemed to work. Peter calmed down.  Then he said softly, “I know you’re right Bucky, really, I do.  It’s just-”
How could he explain that he wanted it to be his fault, because then it could have been prevented?  If it wasn’t anyone’s fault, then it couldn’t have been stopped, and somehow that felt worse.  It meant that some people were going to be murdered, no matter how hard he tried to save them.  Bucky let out a little huff.  “You don’t need to beat yourself up kid, leave that to the bad guys.”
Peter actually let out a watery but genuine laugh at that.
Bucky looked slightly
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
bucky & peter are pals
based off of a fanfiction
of a fanfiction
mostly cuddling
also bucky gives Peter a teddy bear
because I wanted him to
Bucky is based off of owlets bucky
i am trash okay
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Cuddling & Snuggling
Platonic Relationships
Platonic Cuddling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

