Work Text:

Friday Ana Stark
Steve was still reeling fifteen minutes after Tony and Sharon had walked out of the detention block, still staring at Bucky's unconscious figure on the floor. His head was spinning, and not just because of Tony's parting words.Bucky had gone ballistic. He had looked every bit like the Winter Soldier as he had tried futilely to break the divider glass between his cell and Steve's. And all it had taken to make him react like that was Tony telling him about Wanda's past. It had to have been one of his tricks, just like when he told Steve that he had actually made things worse for Bucky.Yes, that's what it was. It had to be like that.All Steve had done had been to protect Bucky. He couldn't have done everything he'd done only to obtain the exact opposite result! Tony must have been playing him.After all, wasn't that precisely how Tony had defeated them? He had played on their issues, their traumas. He had used those to pit them against each other, not just him and Bucky, but his entire team. And he had succeeded, because during all his years playing the media, he had also become a master in psychological warfare: in the end, he had literally destroyed them one by one. All that had been left to do was for Tony and his team to subdue them and sweep them up.Tony's team.It still baffled Steve how so many people could actually agree with Tony on the Accords. Yes, Tony had always been good at swaying the room, another byproduct of dealing with the media since the day he was born, but surely these people must have some reservations on the Accords.Right?As he was thinking that, the girl who had replaced War Machine came into the corridor, clad in full armor.Steve was simply appalled at how quick Tony had been to replace Rhodes.War Machine had been the very first to agree with Tony when the Accords had been put on the table. He had backed him up in Leipzig and got hurt because of it. And Tony repayed him by having this girl take his place.She reached the cells and opened Bucky's. Stepping inside, she unceremoniously grabbed him by the back of his tactical vest and dragged him towards the exit.Steve could not stay quiet any longer: "Where are you taking him?" he demanded to know.The dame didn't even turn to look at him. She just dragged Bucky out of the cell."Hey! I'm talking to you!" Steve insisted, banging his hand on the glass.Nothing. She didn't acknowledge him in the slightest as she dragged Bucky away.She came back about two minutes later, alone. Now her helmet was off, and Steve was momentarily thrown aback at how young she looked. She couldn't be any older than twenty or twenty-five. How could Tony bring such a young and inexperienced girl on the field?"Where the heck have you taken him!? Answer me!" he asked when he finally managed to overcome his surprise.She finally turned to him, and for a moment she looked like she was debating with herself whether to answer him or not: "To another cell, at the other end of the detention block," she answered casually after a beat, in full Tony fashion, "it's best if he doesn't see your ugly face when he wakes up, given how crossed he seems to be with you. We don't want him to make another scene."Steve bristled with righteous anger: "Tony is the one who made him cause a scene! This is mistreatment, and it's totally uncalled for!" he stated with disapproval. He tried to look imposing, to take full advantage of his height and bulk compared to her short, petite figure. But the girl wasn't cowed in the slightest. She probably knew her armor made her stronger and more resilient than Steve. And that got to Steve's nerves a lot more than he cared to admit.She walked up to him, looking him dead in the eye through the reinforced glass: "I thought you had an eidetic memory, Rogers. But maybe your actual age is finally getting to you, so I'm going to remind you: that guy-" she pointed in the direction she had taken Bucky "-took eight hostages this morning, and he actively resisted arrest. As for you, not four hours ago you tried to kill Tony Stark again."Steve was ready to retort, to say that he was only trying to protect Bucky, but the final word stopped him.
Again.
Yes, maybe it was partly true that he wasn't completely controlling himself earlier that morning, but... Again? What was that about?"What do you mean, again? I've never-""Siberia," she interrupted him.Steve flinched visibly. Had Tony really told her about what had happened in Siberia? Steve himself hadn't mustered up the courage to tell his own team about it until he was forced to!Who was this girl? Why had Tony never been open and truthful with his old teammates, but to this girl he told everything, even when some things should remain personal?"Siberia?" he repeated dumbly, "You really think I was trying to kill Tony in Siberia?" he said, horrified by the mere thought."I don't think that, Rogers. I know that. I know that you hit him with a vibranium shield, first across the head and then on his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Introspection
Civil War Team Iron Man
Human!Friday
Friday is Tony's daughter
Not Steve Friendly
actions have consequences
Wake Up Calls
Delusions
Realizations

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

