Chapter 1: The beginning
    




Chapter Text
 
There were two things the world, Captain America and his posse included, knew about Stark but didn’t think much about.
 
One, he had been betrayed by many people and suffered a lot of hurt.
 
Everyone knew that of course, there was too much talk of Obadiah Stane, of Howard Stark’s alcoholism and how it had bled over in his childhood, and they definitely knew of all the women he had loved, who had gone on to talk about him in interviews. They knew that, they just didn’t think anything of it. Tony Stark was rich, of course he had all these leaches surrounding him, it was just one of those things, you know?
 
Steve Rogers and his camp knew that too. But they had  a very different view of it. Yes, bad things have happened to Tony, yes he’s been fucked over by many people, but he’s strong, he’ll get over it.
 

 (Even if it was us doing the betraying, Stark is generous with everything, he’ll be generous with his forgiveness too.) 

 
Two, there was nothing that Tony Stark had set out to do that he hadn’t excelled at.
 
The world knew that too, the academic world knew and resented the same. Fucking Stark coming out with a nerve regenerating serum  when he was an engineer and weapons manufacturer. Goddamn Stark getting accredited in Jane Foster’s newest paper on Einstein-Rosen bridges just because he knew a Viking god who had a Bifrost.
 
Yes, everyone knew that Tony Stark had been betrayed many a time and that he was a genius. They just didn’t see how the combination of these two properties would be their downfall.
 
See, Tony was a genius who could do anything he put his mind too and what he was going to put his mind to, was revenge, thinly disguised as justice. And Tony was a man who had been betrayed many a time and those many hurts had taught him exactly how to hurt people to maximize impact. Experience was the best teacher after all.
 
These were two things the world, Captain America and his posse included, knew about Stark but didn’t think much about.
 
They really should have.
 

 
Tony had a list. It went in ascending order of level of hatred and it went like this:
 
Steve Rogers
 
Natasha Romanoff
 
Clint Barton
 
Sam Wilson
 
Wanda Maximoff
 
T’Challa
 
And that was it. Bucky Barnes was not on the list. Oh, he hated the Winter Soldier but taking his arm off had been enough for Tony. And that Ant guy was completely insignificant. Besides, Hope Van Dyne wanted her pound of flesh and who was Tony to deny her, especially when he didn’t really care about that idiot while she clearly did.
 
But yes, Tony had his list and he worked his way up to the big kahuna. Starting with T’Challa.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
He's Tony fucking Stark
not team Cap friendly
steve rogers is a shithead
Revenge is lovely
petty af

fandom: 
None
