Work Text:

Steve
-x-
There must of been thirty, maybe fourty guards in in the room. Most of them were naked. All had their cocks out. 

The Avenger’s most recent mission in HYDRA’s compound had started well enough, and they’d made it to the center of the fortress with little effort. But Peter, still an amatuer, had tripped an alarm on their journey to leave. It had only been a matter of seconds before they were completely surrounded by armed guards. 

And only a few minutes for Tony to convince those guards that getting a blowjob from an Avenger was much better than shooting one. With a gun, anyway.  

But it was difficult for Steve to get a good count from his spot on the floor, sprawled out on his back. He had been laid on his shield so the guards could share him more easily. When one had finished, and fed Steve their cum, another man would simply rotate the shield and take their turn abusing Steve’s throat. When he looked up, all he could see were an endless sea of erect cocks, pointed directly at him. 
There was a small moment of regret. For falling into an enemy trap, for compromising his fellow Avengers, but mostly, for failing to fight the urge when he saw the pillars of flesh that surrounded him. Steve didn’t like the idea of succumbing to the enemy, but this was an area where all the members of the Avengers were more than trained.

“Holy shit! I think he likes it!” One of them shouted, a thick redhead with an even thicker cock. 

Steve glanced up at the man and stuck his fingers in his own ass, as if to tell the guard he was right. The other men noticed and stroked themselves more firmly, the precum splattering all over Steve’s naked torso, as they commented at what a greedy slut the team leader was.  

Some of them men bent down to tweak the Captain’s nipples, which lead to one of the senior officers declaring Steve’s pecs were big enough to fuck. 

So, with little fanfare, the Officer gathered the drool from around Steve’s cock filled mouth, spit on Steve’s sternum, mixed them together, and lay his shaft where Steve’s star should of been

“Ready to get tit fucked, like a real whore?” The man growled. The blonde wanted to agree, but his mouth was otherwise occupied. The other men in the group cheered on their officer as he used Steve’s body, the tip of his cock poking Steve in the throat every couple thrusts, causing him to cough. 

On the other side of the room, Steve heard the guttural moans of Tony. It was the unmistakable sound of his billionaire teammate swallowing as much cock as his mouth, and then men using him, would allow. It shouldn’t have surprised Steve. 


Tony
-x-
The moment their predicament had become clear, Tony had dropped to his knees, opened the mouth cover of his Iron Man suit and allowed each man to abuse his throat. Each cock that was pushed into his helmet was dutifully serviced, almost too technological precision. 

“

Lick the underside of the head, sir.” 

Jarvis calmly announced into Tony’s helmet. “

Partner 1024-AD is 80% of the way to climax. This will bring him to 95%. And if you stimulate the taint-” 


“On it, Jarvis.” Tony announced back as his tongue snaked around the helmet of the stranger’s cock and his fingers inched between the man’s legs. He pushed his knuckles into the small cluster of nerves and twisted them. His mouth was immediately filled with a huge wad of sticky cum. 

Taking a few deep breaths, Tony scanned the crowd through his helmet. “Which one next?” He asked the robotic assistant. 

The digital display highlighted the men masturbating around him and brought up separate windows, each with a close up of the man’s cock, close enough Tony could see the drops of precum on the tips, even from the cocks across the room. And each display window held a small percentage at the bottom of it’s circle. 

“The majority of the men are 70-80% to achieving orgasm. Most of them don’t require much more stimulation.” 

“What are our options?” Tony couldn’t help but lick some of the cum off his lip as his vision was filled with close-ups of hard, leaking cocks. 


“Are they allowed to fuck you?” 

 Jarvis’ voice remained level, as always. It turned on Tony that much more.

The billionaire looked around the room and was only able to get small glimpses of his fellow Avengers, between the legs of their audience. 

He could see Steve the boy scout, crouched on his own fingers, rapidly nursing each cock until he got the praise he craved, before moving on to the next. 

Then there was Thor, who had been positioned on all fours, a cock down his throat, while another rubbed between the glorious ass cheeks of the norse god. Cock after cock lined itself up with the blonde’s mouth, plunged inside, and throat fucked the thunder god until he was gagging and panting. Then, they would blow their load on his face, or in his stomach, and the next would approach. 


“

I don’t think we’re there, yet.

” 

Tony responded, only slightly disappointed. 

“

But it looks like Thor is we
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Everyone
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Everyone
Tony Stark/Everyone
Thor (Marvel)/Everyone
Clint Barton/Everyone
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

freeform: 
PWP without Porn
Large Cock
Cock Worship
Cock Slut
Cock Slapping
cum
cumslut
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs
Dubiously Consensual Blow Jobs
Non-Consensual Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Double Oral Penetration
Non-Consensual Oral Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Multiple Orgasms
Orgasm
Slut Shaming

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Everyone
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Everyone
Tony Stark/Everyone
Thor (Marvel)/Everyone
Clint Barton/Everyone
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Clint Barton/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Thor
Clint Barton/Tony Stark

