Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve liked the Internet for plenty of reasons - historical research, catching up on the culture he’d missed, diving deep into current events and, admittedly, Netflix. He liked watching cooking videos, where disembodied hands made delicious-looking comfort food in fast motion, endlessly churning out savory dishes and desserts that would make anyone’s mouth water. He liked finding new artists, visiting their blogs and occasionally buying a commission or two. He liked watching old Benny Goodman videos on YouTube, reminding him of the days he and Bucky would ditch school to take in a double feature, Benny’s songs playing in-between.And then there was the pornography. Steve liked that, too.Truth be told, he’d always been interested in seamier things, sneaking dirty comics under his pillow, hoarding photographs of pretty girls in the altogether which had been traded like contraband in the schoolyard. Even when he’d gotten the real thing - awkward handjobs under the covers of Bucky’s bed - he hadn’t given up the pornography. The real thing was great. Shit, it was better than great: it was a dream come true. But there were particular proclivities one couldn’t just tell one’s paramour. Certain discreet desires.So yeah, Steve liked the Internet. The way he could type his filthiest thoughts into the little white box and find videos of real, live people partaking in things he’d only dreamed about. Whips and paddles and chains - oh my. Men bent over someone’s knee, women suspended in intricate rope patterns. Weird stuff, group stuff, humiliating stuff that lit Steve up inside and twisted him with guilt at the same time. Because part of him - the small, funny part that wanted to be a good boy, wanted to go to confession and admit just what he’d been fantasizing about - thought it was wrong, to want what he wanted.Especially now that he had Bucky back. He ought to have been happy. Hell, he was happy.Mostly.But when Bucky went to therapy? Or to train with Natasha? Or just to shoot the shit with Sam? Steve gave into his baser desires. He’d take out the tablet, along with a bottle of lube and a couple of washcloths, then go for a deep dive into the depravity he was too shy to share.Which was what he was doing on the Tuesday it all went to shit. Bucky had left the house for therapy about forty minutes earlier, and Steve was relaxed on the couch, sweats pushed down around his thighs, fisting himself with the laziness of a man who had time to spare. His search had been a bit of a rabbit hole, starting with brunettes. Men, this time, not women, as he’d exhausted the femdom category the week before, searching for pretty brown-haired women with red lipstick who teased their partners mercilessly.His search had led him to a video of a military inspection, which had been interesting but hadn’t quite scratched the itch. However, the idea of inspection had piqued his interest, and he’d scrolled to related videos, finding a whole series of physical examination clips. As in, a doctor’s office, a compliant patient, and the soothing competence of a faux-MD who had to do all sorts of filthy things to ensure their subject’s health and well-being.None of the doctors looked like Bucky, but Steve could make do.He’d already come once, jizz still drying on his stomach as he worked himself back up. Stamina wasn’t bad - he could usually get off two or three times before Bucky got home. Four, once, but that had been an exceptional day.On the screen, the doctor had his hand wrapped around his patient’s prick, teasing the kid (well, not really a kid, but younger than Steve) as he squirmed on the exam table. They both looked like they were having fun, even if the kid’s hands were tied behind his back. For legitimate medical reasons, apparently.Steve was having fun trying to match the doctor’s rhythm when he heard the sound of a key in the front door. Which meant Bucky was back. Walking into the foyer like he lived there.Which, yes, of course he lived there. But he was supposed to be at therapy.Instinct kicked in, and Steve let out a strangled noise, attempting to both cover himself and mute the tablet in one fell swoop. Every ounce of agility he’d acquired with the serum failed him, and what he ended up doing instead was yanking a pillow over his lap with such vigor that it sent the tablet flying, skidding to a stop on the hardwood near the living room doorway.The doorway which Bucky darkened approximately two seconds later, looking very cute in one of Steve’s own hoodies, which somehow made it worse.The goddamn video was still playing. 

 “Hey, Steve, I…” Bucky took in the scene, and since he never missed a fucking thing, he knew something was off quickly enough. “Uh. Steve?”This was it. He’d survived Nazis, HYDRA, being frozen for seventy years, the Chitauri, Ultron, Sokovia, Siberia, and Thanos. But not this. This was going to be the thing that did him in.“Are you…” Bucky crouched down, picking up the tablet and holding i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
BDSM
Roleplay
Domestic
Dorks in Love
Fluff and Smut
Fluff and Humor
Medical Kink
But pretty tame medical kink
Mostly just goofy roleplay
Light Bondage
Butt Plugs
Vibrators
Light Humiliation
Anal
Sex
Post-Coital Cuddling
Sexual Fantasy
POV Steve Rogers
Bottom Steve Rogers
Praise Kink
NSFW Art
Art

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

