Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve is leaning eagerly over in his seat, staring out the window of their jet as he gets his first glimpse of the US coastline in six years. Despite the circumstances, it’s good to be coming home. It would be even better to be seeing the Statue of Liberty, to be going back to New York, but for now, they’re on their way to Washington D.C., where world leaders have been meeting for the last few months, ever since they found about the impending invasion. Steve supposes he’s lucky that they’re even going back to the US at all.He and his team’s most recent residence, in southern Turkey, is where the jet picked them up from this morning. He’d disclosed their location to the leaders in the US after he was certain that the pardons they were being given were legitimate, though considering how they’d been contacted, it was likely their location had been known anyway.They’d been on the run for six years, and though it wasn’t always easy, eventually they’d settled into a sort of pattern. They would stay in one place for up to six months before moving on, the time depending mostly on how secure they felt and how much the people in the area seemed to care who they were. The initial fervor had died down several months after their Civil War, as the media was calling it, but they could still be recognized. Certain countries—chief among them Germany, Romania, Nigeria, and Sokovia—considered them absolute personae non gratae and had continued to make waves about having them tracked down and arrested for years after the event. They’d avoided those countries, and often even their neighboring countries, completely for that reason. Initially, they’d actually split up. Scott had left Wakanda very shortly after their arrival. He seemed like he didn’t really want much to do with them, though he’d followed Steve easily enough before. He’d turned himself in back in America, and apparently despite Germany’s protestations, the US had allowed him back and hadn’t even put him back in prison. Steve was glad for it—he hadn’t wanted to get Scott into serious trouble—but he wasn’t stupid enough to think the same would apply to any of the rest of them. Scott didn’t have their public profile and he hadn’t been present for a lot of the chaos that had caused so many countries to be so angry at them. He hadn’t been part of the whole Accords debacle.Steve’s point was proven when he ended up meeting up with the rest of the team again. Clint and Sam had also left not too long after arriving in Wakanda, wanting to go back home. Clint missed his family, hadn’t planned to leave them again until Steve called him, and wasn’t able to contact Laura from Wakanda for fear of revealing their location. Sam just missed home; his friends and his life. They ended up departing together, with Steve’s blessing, after about a month in Wakanda.Steve stayed behind, mostly for Bucky. He hadn’t really had anything else to do; he’d left the title of Captain America behind with his shield after the fight with Tony. He always intended to pick it back up again, hopefully after Tony got over himself and the Accords and was willing to apologize for tearing the Avengers apart like that, but at the time, leaving the shield and the position behind had been his acknowledgment that his stance, and Bucky, meant more to him than being praised as a superhero. He was willing to give up that title to stand by what he believed in, to refuse to be controlled by shady governments.Wanda, alone, stayed with him. She’d become sullen and withdrawn since being forced to leave the US. Though she’d stayed, telling Steve she would stick by him and follow his lead, she spent most of her time on her own, away from him. So really, it was just him and Bucky.But Bucky hadn’t been able to trust his own mind, as he said, and had gone back into cryo willingly. Steve didn’t like it, but he understood. He’d trusted that T’Challa and his people could come up with a solution to Bucky’s mental triggers. But the time wore on and on, and nothing was forthcoming. He got the distinct impression that T’Challa wasn’t considering him much of a priority, and honestly, it was lonely in Wakanda, with Bucky in cryo and most of the rest of his team gone. He hadn’t heard anything from Clint or Sam, for the same reasons Clint hadn’t been able to contact his family from Wakanda.After two months in Wakanda, T’Challa ended up approaching him about his stay. He explained, very politely, the issues that Steve’s presence caused for him, and how he was torn between being the best King to his people and honoring the commitment he’d made to help Bucky and therefore Steve. Steve hadn’t wanted to impose, and he’d been lonely enough by that point that he was willing to leave, not to cause any more problems for T’Challa. He’d thanked him for his help and after a brief discussion, Wanda was willing to leave with him. She hadn’t liked the at
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Author is Bitter

fandom: 
None
