Work Text:
“This is a terrible idea,” Bucky snaps, half-tempted to lean across Fury’s desk and smack his hand on the wood. He folds his good arm over his chest, his prosthetic left resting on the arm of the chair.Clint says, an air of sarcasm in his voice, “It’s not like it’ll be trouble.”Bucky turns his head just far enough to shoot a strict glare at Barton. “Why don’t you try pretending to be married to Steve fucking Rogers for a day and see how it goes?”Clint snorts and rolls his eyes, much to Bucky’s dismay. “See, that would be difficult, because between the two of us, there’s more missing than a marriage license.”He doesn’t want his face to go as red as it does, but – he ducks his chin and scoffs and clenches his good fist. “Maybe you should go undercover with Natasha then,” Bucky grits out, because it’s the best he’s got. Clint flinches and puffs out his chest like he’s about to argue but they’re interrupted before he has a chance to shoot something back.“You know,” Nick Fury says in that slow dangerous voice of his. “This is a mission. Not some game. It’s called undercover for a reason, Mr. Barnes. It’s irrelevant who your partner is, we just happen to understand that you and Agent Rogers are compatible in many ways. If I had sent you and Agent Barton out on this mission, I would expect the exact same results.”“Like hell,” Barton spits, and Bucky snorts.“Yeah, that’s not happening,” he says icily, sparing a look at Clint, who leans back in his seat and folds his arms in a similar fashion.Fury is glaring at them. Bucky finally sighs and relents. “I still think it’s a terrible idea,” he asserts, then withers at Fury’s gaze. “But I’ll fill him in. We’ll fly out tonight, probably.”“Good. You’re dismissed, Agent Barnes. No, Barton, not you. I said Barnes.”Clint groans and Bucky lets himself laugh. He hopes Barton gets chewed out.-Steve is sitting on their couch when Bucky gets back from the meeting. He’s eating popcorn and watching a Disney film on Netflix with the volume mostly turned down and the subtitles on.“Enjoy your day off?” he asks and Steve shrugs, focused on the screen. “Lilo and Stitch?” Bucky asks as he hangs his jacket on the back of a kitchen chair. “Haven’t you seen it?”“Nope,” Steve says, jamming another handful of popcorn in his mouth and not turning around. “Coma, remember?”“You haven’t been in a coma for…” Bucky sighs instead of finishing the sentence with six years because it’s pointless. Steve loves to use his coma as an excuse to look at the pop culture nonsense he missed out on for the two years he was asleep. Bucky frowns and takes out his phone, Googling when Lilo and Stitch came out. “You weren’t even…” He sighs, because the argument isn’t worth it – even if the movie did come out a full two years before the accident that put Steve in a coma.Bucky is grateful, nonetheless. He doesn’t like thinking of a young Steve Rogers who refused to wake up. He doesn’t like thinking of the person he was when Steve was asleep, either. He doesn’t like thinking of the mistakes he made.Bucky ends up lounging on the couch next to Steve, throwing his legs over Steve’s lap and reaching for his popcorn. They’re best friends, to say the least, and there’s nothing but comfort as they finish off the movie. The aliens crossdress. The family is reunited. It’s sweet. Bucky remembers liking this film.“How’s the arm?” Steve asks as the credits start to roll. He still doesn’t really look at Bucky, just reaches for the remote to turn off the BluRay player.“It’s good,” Bucky says easily, moving his new prosthetic and curling the fingers slowly. It’s not like it used to be, but it’s a part of him now. He’s adjusting.“Good,” Steve says. They’re quiet for a moment, finishing off the popcorn between them. Steve licks his fingers and then grabs a napkin, which Bucky finds both gross and endearing. “So what do you have to tell me?”Bucky chuckles. “You always know when there’s news,” he says. “Gotta give you credit for that, man.”“It’s my job to know,” Steve says, shrugging. “What does Fury want?”“Uh,” Bucky says, getting a napkin for himself and wiping off his fingers. “Well. It’s kind of ridiculous, actually. I tried to get Fury to let us off the hook but no dice. He wants…what exactly does he want?”“You’re stalling,” Steve says quietly.“Maybe,” Bucky admits, then sighs. “We’re posing as a married couple. It’s an undercover op in Colorado. I said we’d…fly out tonight?” Bucky clears his throat, trying to gauge Steve’s reaction. “He said there’d be tickets at the airport when we got there.”Steve still doesn’t look at him. Not even a cursory glance. His expression doesn’t really change either, which is sort of…weird. “Sounds good.”“…Sounds good?”Steve nods and pushes himself to his feet. “I’m gonna go pack. Okay.”Bucky frowns and watches as Steve trails into his bedroom.-Steve runs his hand over Bucky’s shoulder and says, “You’re tense.”Bucky twitches and looks away from the airplane window. They’ve been on the flight f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fake Marriage
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Enthusiastic Consent
Fluff
Canon Disabled Character
amputee character

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

