Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
“Fewer than 5% of people of with social anxiety disorder seek treatment in the year following initial onset and more than a third of people report symptoms for 10 or more years before seeking help.”-Anxiety and Depression Association of America--For as long as Peter could remember, people had scared him.At first, he had thought that he was just shy. At least, that’s what all his teachers said. He had countless memories of crying when his mom dropped him off at school, because he knew that the classroom would be filled with other children and he couldn’t stand it. He could vaguely recall the moments where it would all be too much, and everything around him would fuzz out. The only sharp aspect of those incidents was the fear.It had been all-consuming. It had made his stomach flip and his chubby hands shake. But he just didn’t have the words to tell people. He couldn’t explain it to his teachers, or to his classmates, or to his parents. Every time he tried, the sentences wouldn’t come and it had made him want to scream with frustration.He remembered the tired look in his mother’s eyes as she pried him, sobbing, out of the car on a rainy Monday. He remembered the disappointed chastisements from his kindergarten teacher as he disrupted the morning lessons. He remembered sitting in the bathroom, just six years old and so very tired, trying to muffle his hiccups because people started staring when he cried and he hated it.He’d been too young to understand. Too young to realize that this wasn’t normal. Too young to ask for help.And then his parents had died, and there’d been even more things that he could never, would never, comprehend.He’s been too young to understand why mommy couldn’t kiss him goodnight. Too young to understand why daddy wasn’t going to take him to playgroup on Saturday. Too young to understand why Aunt May and Uncle Ben looked so broken when he woke up from a nightmare and asked for his parents.Too young to understand that mommy and daddy hadn’t left because he had been bad. Too young to understand that they never wanted to go.He’d stopped crying at school. When he cried, it made people sad. He had made mommy and daddy so sad that they had gone away. He didn’t want Aunt May and Uncle Ben to leave, too. Not when they were all he had left.A few years later, May had bought him a cheap, plastic Iron Man outfit, and Peter had discovered that wearing the mask made him feel powerful. He’d worn it everywhere, including to the Stark Expo that his Uncle had managed to score the little family tickets to.And then the robots had come. And when everyone else ran, Peter Parker stood his ground.It was the first time in the little boy’s life that he had been stronger than his fear.His Aunt had taken the mask away after that, and Peter had cried and cried and cried because it made him realize that he wasn’t Iron Man. He wasn’t big and strong and brave. He was just Peter Parker, and Peter Parker lived every single moment of his young life dangling on the precipice of his terror.It wasn’t until Peter was thirteen that he realized what the paralyzing thoughts of helpmehelpmeHELPME and runrunrun actually were.Uncle Ben used to take Peter to a local bookstore every Sunday, and he was allowed to buy any book he wanted. It was a tradition they had started during the first months after Peter came to live with them, and it had been nice. It had been simple. Peter liked simple. He still looked back on those days with a mix of tearing grief and loving warmth in his stomach.On this specific Sunday, Peter had picked out an old Psychology textbook. Uncle Ben had just smiled, used to his nephew’s eclectic choices, and bought the book without another word.A few days later, and Peter stumbled across a section about anxiety disorders. As he was reading, he reached a section that made him stop and stare. 
Social Anxiety Disorder:

A disorder in which the sufferer experiences irrational fear and anxiety surrounding social interactions.

Sufferers often describe an intense fear of being judged. Everyday tasks, such as ordering at a restaurant or eating and drinking in front of others, can become impossible. Most chronic sufferers begin to exhibit symptoms in their early to mid-teens. However, there are correlations between children who experienced separation anxiety and struggled with bouts of anger or uncontrollable tantrums during school and the early stages of social anxiety.
 Peter had looked at the page blankly, mind grappling with a sudden, crippling realization.
I have social anxiety.
As soon as he allowed himself the thought, he felt something click. Every symptom on the page aligned with what he’d been feeling for as long as he could remember.
I have social anxiety.
It explained why he felt so vulnerable in the school’s crowded hallways when he didn’t have a hand curled around Ned’s jacket. It explained why, as much as he loved his middle school’s Decathlon team, every practice made
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Anxiety
Social Anxiety
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Suicide Attempt
Kinda
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Dissociation
Recovery
Father-Son Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

