Work Text:
In hindsight, Peter should have known something was wrong because Aunt May had left a bottle of red on the counter.But he hadn’t known then, so he’d just pulled off the mask and padded over the counter to inspect the damage. He picked up the bottle to measure its weight and found it only about two glasses lighter. He rescued the cork from where it had rolled into a pool of its own blood in a crease in the counter and then paused to consider: do you put opened wine in the fridge? He’d seen May leave bottles of whiskey out on the counter before. He figured it couldn’t hurt.He took an experimental sip, gagged, and stashed the bottle.He closed the fridge and noticed a piece of paper sitting on the scrap of counter between the fridge and the stove. His fingers stuck to it when he picked up it, as they occasionally did to things now. It proved inconvenient at the best of times, but none more so then when he couldn’t drop that note like it burned him.A Notice to Vacate.His hands started shaking. That didn’t make sense. There must have been a mistake. They paid their rent on time; May told him they had direct deposit, so that they would never miss a payment.She was always painfully honest with him and their finances were no secret no matter how hard she might have tried. And Peter wasn’t stupid. May and Ben had had two salaries when they’d picked the apartment. Any gaps in the monthly expenses were now filled by his uncle’s life insurance payments, and May was meticulous about checking her accounts every week.Peter knew May would live in that space as long as she could work, even though she was always talking about downsizing once he left for college. He knew she’d stay because he could still sometimes smell his uncle in the wood in the floors and in the air in her room.He’d promised himself that once he started working, he’d send home some money to help her keep the place, even if it meant eating sandwiches and mac and cheese more often than not. Both of them feared that his uncle’s ghost might get lonely without them.He read the notice three times, but it didn’t make sense. The landlord had only listed a breach of contract as the reason for the notice.He wanted to find May and ask her what was going on. What they were supposed to do. His hands wouldn’t stop shaking and he knew that, until he’d spoken to her, he probably wouldn’t sleep. But the silence in the house and the bottle on the counter told him that she already had enough on her plate without the interrogation. She’d tell him in the morning. She always did.  Peter could find no evidence of a noise complaint. He checked with the neighbors after May left for work with raccoon eyes and a deep sigh. She told him that they’d be okay, she just needed to sort some things out and that surely the whole thing was just a misunderstanding.Peter thought that it sure was interesting that five other tenants on their floor had received similar notices for breaches of contract. Two cited noise violations. One claimed that the tenant was subletting when really her girlfriend just spent a lot of time there.So yeah, Peter was suspicious as hell, and not just because NYC just did that to you--although running around the best parts of the city at night certainly didn’t help that particular vein of constant vigilance.  May told him she’d handle it, but the date on the notice was getting nearer. Peter knew she was busy and stressed right the fuck out. He didn’t want to bother her with the fact that every day, every hour sat heavy in his stomach. He didn’t want to eat, and he desperately wanted to sleep but the anxiety roiled and kept him awake.When he did sleep, he dreamt of pressure at the foot of his bed and when there was no one there when he startled awake, he found himself swallowing back tears and calling softly for his uncle’s ghost.  There is a feeling which all superheroes and vigilantes share (in various degrees, of course). It doesn’t matter how big or small you are. Doesn’t matter whether your name makes it to the papers or festers in an alley on a dying man’s lips. It always boils down to the same thing.Your heroism will eventually become both the pride and the bane of your existence.On one hand, you do the work your soul screams for you to do. The ringing in your head and the crawling under your skin finally, blissfully, stops. People say thank you. They actually mean it. A bad guy gets what he deserves. You feel like you’re making a difference in a way which the normal you never could. It’s amazing and addicting and you never want to stop.On the other hand, you are constantly vigilant. Borderline paranoid. Someone is always crying. Someone is always dying. The pace never slows. The streets never sleep. Every stumble feels like dropping a foot into a grave. Something is always your fault and you are always running, not just to make things right, but to make them even.Most deal with it through self-harm, in a vast variety of ways.Peter is new to this game.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
no romance here though friends this is gen

freeform: 
housing problems
Friendship
Team Dynamics
Identity Reveal
references to mental illness

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
no romance here though friends this is gen

