Chapter 1: Right Place; Wrong Sentinel
    




Chapter Text
There was a Sentinel curled up in the back seat of Danny's car.Now, this wouldn't have been unusual if the Sentinel had been, say, Steve. Steve would have been in the driver's seat, naturally, because God forbid Danny drive his own car. But still, Steve the Sentinel being in his Guide Danny's car would've been a normal, everyday Guide-Sentinel thing. No problem.This Sentinel wasn't Steve.He'd been sleeping or something that looked like it, because he startled like fuck when he heard Danny coming, but only when Danny was practically touching the passenger door. The Sentinel bolted upright and shoved himself to the far side of the seat, then froze like a raccoon under porchlights.They stared at each other.He wasn't anyone Danny recognized, though that part at least made sense: Danny was in New Jersey, and he hadn't exactly been trying to meet Sentinels when he lived here. He'd only ever known two who also knew Danny was a Guide, and one of them was safely six feet underground in the cemetery behind him.Jack Rollins had been a Grade-A, smug bully of an asshole Sentinel who'd bought it working for fucking terrorists, more-or-less exactly how Danny predicted he would when they'd met eight years before.Well, it wasn't so much 'predicted' as Danny saying, 'I hope you die in a fire', and Jack Rollins actually dying in a fire. But Jack had been totally on board with killing 20 million people, so Danny wasn't going to feel guilty about it.Leslie Rollins, however, had been one of the few decent human beings in Danny's old police station. She was the sole person he regretted leaving behind in that hellhole, and her brother had just died in a fire. So Danny flew back to the Mainland for the funeral.Of course, Steve wasn't in Danny's car because he was back at Danny's mom's house, probably glaring at everything and pacing a trench in the nice hardwood floors. Steve and Danny had only bonded recently, which meant they pretty much had to be together all the time. So far on this trip that had been the opposite of a problem, other than Steve's sad puppy-eyes at not being able to throw himself off things for a couple days.Except, Leslie Rollins was also a Sentinel, and she'd wanted Danny to be her Guide, back in the day. Danny had refused for the same reason almost no one even knew he was a Guide before Steve. Unfortunately, Leslie had been bouncing from one Temp Guide to another for years. She was a wonderful person, but Danny had a feeling that showing up as a brand-new bonded pair at her brother's funeral would be a little too much salt in the wound. Not to mention that Steve had been overprotective and territorial as fuck even before he came online. Danny was almost certain Steve wouldn't, say, rip Leslie's arm off and beat her with it if she looked at Danny too longingly. But why risk it?So, yeah. Right place; wrong Sentinel. What the hell.Danny stood there for a moment, outside the car with the doors still closed—and how did this mystery Sentinel even get in without triggering the alarm?—trying to figure out what he should do. Other than run. Sentinels didn't hurt Guides. Supposedly they were physiologically incapable of it, the same way Steve was physiologically incapable of making rational decisions. Danny wasn't in physical danger, but this Sentinel's wild, frantic energy was battering at his shields like hail. He really, really wanted nothing to do with that, thanks.But he was a Guide. And even if he hadn't been, he couldn't refuse someone in such obvious need of help."I am way too stressed for this," he said. It was through the window but even a normal human could've heard him. "You couldn't've done this when my mom was in the car, huh? She used to work at a Sentinel Wellness Center. You'd like her, she's very calming. I, on the other hand, do not have the first clue what I'm supposed to do here. Wanna help me out, Babe?"All the Sentinel did was keep staring silently at him with his big, stormy blue eyes. They were pretty eyes, admittedly. The Sentinels' face was very nice too, even framed by lank chunks of filthy hair. He also looked familiar, the longer Danny stared at him. It was in that niggling, have we met? kind of way, though Danny was pretty sure he would've remembered someone with eyes like that.The Sentinel was wearing a grey jacket that had seen better days a decade ago, dirty jeans and oddly complicated black combat boots. Like a hobo goth. He was also wearing gloves, though the weather was too warm for any of that. Even Danny was down to a light jacket, and he was used to a ridiculous amount of heat.Nothing about this situation made any sense. "Great. Didn't think so," he said on a sigh. "Are you at least gonna tell me why you're here?"The Sentinel blinked a few times, then looked away. It was freaky; all he did was move his eyes, nothing else.Feral, Danny had the sudden, awful realization. Fuck.Okay, this was bad. Not just weird-bad, but bad-
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve McGarrett/Danny "Danno" Williams
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Danny "Danno" Williams
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve McGarrett
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Crossover
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Soul Bond
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Sick Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Caring Danny "Danno" Williams
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
So Does Everyone
Care and Feeding of Feral Winter Soldiers
Feral Behavior
bucky no
Danny no
Street No
Stealth Crossover
Look I Have Added More Tags
the road to hell is paved with good intentions
Gratuitous Kitten References
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
Warnings May Change
OTP: Not Without You
OTP: Till the End of the Line

fandom: 
Steve McGarrett/Danny "Danno" Williams
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Danny "Danno" Williams
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve McGarrett
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

