Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony stares at Steve and Bucky. He's been doing that a lot lately. Not by choice, mind you. He's just- looking. Observing.
In a way, he thinks to himself, they're like a puzzle, although none of them seem to realize that.
It would (it should, if you ask Tony) be scary, how they're always so aware of the other one. But it's not, because of course it isn't. That's just how soulmates are. A perfect fit for each other. Soulmates are like gravity to each other, always pulling them together. They just have this kind of balance, always shining brightly, practically screaming perfect.
That balance between Steve and Bucky will break if Tony says anything.
He watches, instead. He watches Steve laugh. Watches as Bucky smirks next to him, watches as he leans against the kitchen counter. He looks at the faint touch between their shoulders and the two hands that holds them together. He still can't help but glance at Steve's soulmark under his left collarbone, even though he's seen it a thousand times before. It's a simple mark, really, just a circle with lines coming out from it, twisting and turning. It looks like a sun, a sun with a dark, yet vibrant, blue color. Tony glances over at Bucky, staring briefly at his right upper arm, where he knows the exact same sun will be hiding under the long sleeve shirt he is wearing. Tony turns his head up to their faces, as Steve rest his head on Bucky's right shoulder and whispers something softly to him, obviously not meant for the rest of them in the room to hear.
Tony takes his coffee and goes to his workshop, telling the rest of the team he'll be downstairs and fix the things they broke this time in their last fight, which wouldn't have been a lie if he hadn't fixed that yesterday.
He ignores the burn right between his shoulder blades, where a blue sun is hiding.
(-)
The thing is, Tony has never been fine. (-)
When Tony was diagnosed with depression at age 14 and gave the doctor's note to Howard, he scoffed at him and paid the doctor to keep quiet. He's fine, Howard had said with a sneer to Jarvis. Tony hid behind the door to the kitchen, body heavy and mind dull as he listened to him. He's just trying to get some attention.
When Tony went to another doctor and was diagnosed with severe anxiety at age 15 he didn't tell Howard and paid the doctor himself to keep quiet.
(-)
Tony watches again. He watches as Thor booms about Jane to anyone who will listen. He's practically beaming, saying there is no one else he would want to be with. Which is obvious, of course, since Jane is his soulmate and there's literally no one else he would be a better match for (in theory). Tony notices Clint rolling his eyes when Thor isn't watching and Natasha hitting him slightly on his head. Tony's eyes drift towards his wrist. He can't see it, but he knows Clint's soulmark is on his left wrist, a dark red, twisted line going around the wrist like a bracelet, with pointy thorns coming out from it. Tony knows Natasha has the exact same one on her ankle, although he's never seen it. He also knows Coulson has one around his right wrist.
Thor continues to boast about Jane and their soulmark. It's an oval, yellow thing, with what looks eerily like lighting coming out from it. It kind of looks like a cloud too. Bruce sits next to him, listening, a small smile tugging on his lips. His soulmark is on his chest; it's a straight, thick line, about as thick as a ruler, but it is the brightest green Tony has ever seen and from it there is a hurricane of thinner lines, twisting and crossing each other. Tony knows Betty Ross has one on her palm. He also knows the two of them will meet in the weekend and that Bruce is secretly excited and nervous. Tony can't blame him. He did abandon her after all for a couple of years. It's a pretty shitty thing to do, if you ask Tony. Oh well. Tony can get why he did it. Besides, it's something Tony would do.
Tony turns his head towards Steve and Bucky. Steve is also listening to Thor's voice, but he focuses more on the drawing he's currently drawing in his sketchbook. His head is in Bucky's lap, while Bucky plays with his hair. Tony thinks the position can't be that nice to be in since Steve has to keep his arms up to be able to draw, but he's also pretty sure it doesn't bother Steve, because of the super-serum and all. Tony can't see what Steve draws, but he can see Bucky smiling every time he looks at it. Steve's eyes are shining and Bucky seems more happy than he has ever been since Tony met him.
Tony walks out of the room without saying anything. Nobody notices.
Either that, or they just doesn't care.
Tony thinks he knows which one of the two alternatives is right.
(-)
Call him dramatic, but he's never coped with feelings well.
They always comes at the worsts moments, he realizes quickly. When there's people in his face and phones everywhere and people are yelling and asking-
He smirks and pushes it all down, hides it. Puts his hands in his pockets
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
So much angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Self-Harm
Team Bonding
Heavy Angst
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Sleep Deprivation
Dreams and Nightmares
Oblivious Team
Guilt
Suicidal Thoughts
Can sombody give Tony a hug?
Self-Destruction
Self-Esteem Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Angst with a happy ending???
maybe???
happy ending is not guaranteed
Unreliable Narrator
Non-Linear Narrative
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Torture
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

