Work Text:
Steve Rogers is a bit of a monster.
He's an amazing guy, really. Well-mannered, polite, a true gentleman after the old style, standing up when a woman comes into a room and holding doors and saying ma'am and all of those things that old-fashioned gentlemen do.
But he's a monster, all the same. He can't help it.
Bucky Barnes is not a gentleman, not in the least. He has forties manners and mannerisms sometimes, though he's out of the habit after a handful of years in and out of a Russian cryo-tank, but sometimes he's sarcastic and kind of a jerk, even when he doesn't mean to be. He's got more issues than Reader's Digest, but he goes to therapy and he tries really hard not to let his issues affect his interactions with other human beings.
Bucky Barnes is also not a monster; it's one thing he's got going for him.
Darcy Lewis is a girl. Well, woman. She still thinks of herself as a girl, though, because she doesn't really feel like what she imagines a grown woman is supposed to feel like. She still wears Converse and torn jeans and carries her stuff in a backpack or a messenger bag (because she'd forget her head if it wasn't attached, much less a demure little purse like the one Pepper Potts carries).
Darcy Lewis likes both Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes. She sometimes tests herself by trying to figure out which one she likes more, but it's a futile exercise in some kind of zen form of self-torture, because they are inextricably linked both inside and outside of her head. She likes Steveandbucky. She likes Buckyandsteve. And that's probably a good thing, since where one is, so too is the other to be found.
Today, they are to be found in the garden of Avengers Mansion - distinguished from Avengers' Tower by being an actual mansion located in Sag Harbor - wrestling shirtless on the grass in the balmy spring morning. The sunlight is glinting off Bucky's arm, the occasional flashes like Morse Code across Darcy's face where she lies nearby, stretched out on one of the many comfortable chaises that littered the patio. Her Kindle is beside her hip where she abandoned it when Steve and Bucky stripped their shirts off, and she watches with avid interest as they struggle for superiority.
It's even odds between the two of them; Steve's got Bucky in terms of reach and sheer bulk, but Bucky has the cybernetic arm and a serum-bestowed strength that matches Steve's. Darcy watches with a practiced eye and makes a bet with herself; Bucky will come out on top, but Steve will pull a dirty trick out at the last minute and win on points. Ten minutes (and a lot of grunting, sweating, and swearing) later, she's proved right; Bucky does in fact end up straddling Steve, a careful grip around his throat with the metal hand, but Steve does the unexpected: he shoots his left hand down, grabs Bucky by the crotch, and squeezes hard enough that Bucky actually yelps and dives backward.
Darcy can't help herself; she puts two fingers in her mouth and wolf-whistles. “Do it again!”
Both men's heads jerk in her direction, and she realizes belatedly that they had not actually known she was there. She wonders how that could have happened; both of them are usually preternaturally aware of their surroundings. But there's something on Steve's face right now as he's looking at her, something predatory, that has her gathering herself, her muscles tensing, her adrenal system opening up.
Steve's glance flicks to Bucky briefly, then returns, pinning her to the chaise. Bucky smirks, and it is no less dangerous than Steve's gaze, even if it is easier to look at. “You liked the show, doll?”
Darcy swallows. There's something in his tone she's never heard before. It reminds her that they may seem tamed, but neither one of them is anything like domesticated. She lifts her chin. “Wasn't bad,” she admits. “Seen worse.”
“Yeah, but have you seen better?” Steve's closer now, how did he get closer without her noticing? Oh, right, she was looking at Bucky. But he is closer, and she didn't see him move, and Darcy suddenly, incongruously, hears an accented voice in the back of her head. Don't turn your back, the voice says. Don't look away, and don't blink. 
She swallows again, fighting back the urge to laugh at herself, but not blinking is hard, and they're far enough from one another now that she can't look at both of them at the same time. She has to look away from Bucky to focus on Steve. “Can't say that I have,” she admits. “At least, not recently.” She pauses, grinning. “You guys should try Turkish oil wrestling sometime.”
“Yeah?” Bucky says, his tone idle, and fuck, now he's closer, too. “That as dirty as it sounds?”
“Pretty much,” Darcy admits, her gaze darting back to pin him in place. “They douse themselves in olive oil and wrestle in leather shorts.” She draws her legs up beneath herself, trying to shift subtly enough that she can get to her feet casually, but it's too late; Steve is there, and she can smell his aftershave and his sweat and the sunshine
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
OT3
Barebacking
Size
pr0n
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

