Chapter 1: Tony Stark Learns Magic
    




Chapter Text

3 years ago

Tony Stark had had enough.
He didn’t have to take their shit, he was Tony Fucking Stark!!
The recent antics of his so-called team, were the super-serumed straw that broke his super hero back.
Surely, they didn’t expect to continue to berate, belittle and bully their billionaire benefactor while living in the manner to which said billionaire had allowed them to become accustom? Either way, it was of little consequence. Since they were so sure the world would be a better place without him, let’s see how they like it when they get their wish.
King T’challa, in an effort to alleviate his own guilt about the way things were handled in Siberia, had given him a boon in the form of recovered bytes of JARVIS. He would never be the same, the damage to his overall systems was severe but in time, he would learn and grow into something like his original program. But that was some way off. JARVIS was still piecing himself back together and, in any case, he wasn’t needed for this. No; this Tony wanted to handle all by his genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist self.
He was reluctant to admit it but this whole Accords debacle had finally taught him to look before he leapt. No more flying by the seat of his red and gold pants (they were blue and silver now). Much to Pepper’s delight, he was adulting and with not little success. She was like a proud mama bear these days.
Following Captain Serum’s expedition into his ribcage and the surgeries and recuperation time that followed, Tony had ample time on his hands to think things through and with great reluctance and resentment summoned one Sorcerer Supreme for an in-depth pow-wow. It wasn’t sciencing with his science bro but it was nearly as good, and by the end of it they had formulated a plan….well nearly a plan,  of sorts, almost:  it was a work in progress.
In the short term, Strange put a lock on Tony’s mind making him immune to any sort of magical mind control; apart from the good doctor’s, of course. Tony was no fool, he might be the media’s golden boy now in the face of Team Cap’s insanity and desertion, but the Accords would eventually be completed, the Rogue Avengers would be pardoned, and no one would want to be lumbered with them. The world didn’t care about his injuries or his nightmares and soon enough they would be returned to the fold. The Scarlet Witch was the most immediate danger so they took steps to mitigate her risk to Tony. No more Ultron inducing nightmares if you please, he could scare up his own sleepless nice just fine without any assistance.

 

1 year ago

A more long-term solution found Tony dedicating several hours per week under Strange’s tutelage. Ideally, he would have liked to see Wanda’s powers bound or removed permanently and while The Sorcerer definitely had the ability, making such a unilateral decision would see Tony falling foul of the international community at a time when he needed all the goodwill he could scrounge up. So instead he had to spend hours of his valuable inventing time learning magic; he was disgusted at the very thought and resented the little jumped up brat even more because of it.
It was so hard to unburden his scientific biases and the first few weeks were not fun. But he’s not a genius for nothing and two years on he was convinced he’d be able to ward off any attacks. He’d managed to remove the Sorcerer’s block himself and had even successfully fought off a joint attack from Strange and Professor X. The ultimate test would be Loki’s verdict and Thor had disappeared from Midguard a few weeks ago to secure his brother’s assistance. However, things had gained considerable momentum since then and it was looking rather unlikely that Thor would return with Loki before The Rogues were returned.
Genius, Billionaire, Playboy, Philanthropist, Wizard? Strange had ruefully mentioned that this title could now be added to Tony’s epitaph after The Cloak of Levitation had taken and shine to him and seemed to prefer his presence to the Supreme Sorcerer’s following a particularly gruelling training session where Tony had managed to levitate and teleport in panic rather than deflect an attack. Even though he was a bit creeped out by The Cloak, he took a perverse pleasure in the attention since it seemed to irritate the good doctor. The Bots seemed to like The Cloak well enough and spent hours acting like lint rollers whenever Strange paid a visit to the workshop.
All the groundwork had been completed, the world had been prepped for Tony Stark’s semi-retirement following a series of press conferences and interviews where Tony bemoaned his injuries and his age, added some grey streaks to his hair and banged on about the state of his beloved Stark Industries. A carefully constructed tale about the costs of repairing the damages The Rogues had caused before abandoning the world made it seem imperative that he pull away from the front line; afterall, he was only hum
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Stephen Strange/Charles Xavier
Helen Cho/James Rhodes
Rodney McKay/John Sheppard
James "Bucky" Barnes/T'Challa
Bruce Banner/Loki
Sam Wilson & Scott Lang

freeform: 
Tony has magic
2 Tonys in love
Cessna Citation X
Not Avenger Friendly
Not Canon Compliant
Not Steve Friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
friday - Freeform
JARVIS reborn
Improper use of magic
Improper use of science
Child Death
Kidnapping
Mind Control

fandom: 
Anthony DiNozzo/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Stephen Strange/Charles Xavier
Helen Cho/James Rhodes
Rodney McKay/John Sheppard
James "Bucky" Barnes/T'Challa
Bruce Banner/Loki
Sam Wilson & Scott Lang

