Work Text:


  Check out the post here.   Peter's hands were shaking as he stepped off the elevator. This was it. He was about to meet Tony Stark. He'd gotten his acceptance letter a week ago and it was finally happening. He'd not only been accepted for an internship at Stark Industries, but the letter also stated that his ideas showed 'incredible forward-thinking ingenuity' and he'd been chosen to work directly with Mr. Stark and his team. He may or may not have passed out when he read that part. Tony Stark was his hero, even without being Iron Man. He was everything Peter wanted to be when he grew up, he'd idolized the man since he was 7 years old and now he was going to work with him, side by side, shoulder to shoulder. Peter's mouth went dry as he realized that he was about to shake hands with Tony Stark. He was going to touch him.. Years ago, his appreciation for Tony Stark had started innocently, just a young boy looking up to a man that was changing the world, but.. Puberty changed a lot of things for Peter. His voice had started to drop, his muscles began to fill out and his harmless hero worship had definitely taken a bit of a turn. He went from wanting to be like Mr. Stark to wanting to be with him, under him, completely and utterly owned by him.. The night he got his acceptance letter, he could hardly sleep, but when his body finally gave in he had a very vivid dream. He was in the lab, leaning over his desk, working on some kind of formula when Mr. Stark walked up behind him. The older man's hands wrapped around his waist, fingers dipping into his pants to stroke him as he whispered in his ear. “You've been working so hard, Peter..” Tony's hot breath made him shiver. “Let me help you relax..” Peter woke up the next morning to a pair of sticky boxers and once the floodgates were open, there was no shutting them. Night after night he found himself at Tony's mercy, letting the man do all sorts of unspeakable things to him. He had no idea where his mind was even getting the ideas from considering he'd never watched any kind of adult videos and the things he was dreaming of.. They were downright filthy. Even after another raunchy dream, Peter had jerked off in the shower before venturing to Stark Tower, wanting to be sure that he'd gotten the dirty thoughts out of his mind so that he could focus. He had to do a good job for Mr. Stark if he wanted to keep the internship and he couldn't do that if he was too busy trying to keep his erections under control. When the elevator doors open, Peter's eyes widen. He steps out slowly, looking around as if there's any way he can fully process how much more amazing the place is than he pictured. He followed the main walkway, passing desks covered in schematics and holograms of atoms for elements he couldn't identify floating in the air, glowing a radiant blue. He almost bumped into a robotic arm as he stared, barely catching himself in time. “You must be Peter.” Tony called out from a desk on the far side of the room, watching the boy that looked like he'd stumbled into the world's largest candy store and had been told he could have anything he wanted. “Oh! Yeah-uh.. Sorry, about the- Um robot..” He patted the arm he'd bumped into, stumbling through his words, feeling like an idiot. “I'm Peter, yes. That's me. Peter.” He straightened up a little, moving away from the equipment before he could knock it over completely. Tony grinned as he watched the boy, so clearly overwhelmed by the setting. “Tony.” He motioned to himself and Peter smiled nervously and nodded. “I know.” His smile faded quickly as he caught himself being too informal. “I mean, it's nice to meet you, Mr. Stark. I'm a huge fan of your work. Your paper last month on the existence and nonexistence of elliptic equations with cylindrical potentials, subcritical exponents and concave terms was just..” He paused to catch his breath. “Amazing.” Tony's smile widened as Peter gushed. Normally he hated when people doted on him, feeling like it was more just blowing smoke up his ass and sucking up, but this kid.. His expression of awe was so genuine and Tony found it incredibly endearing, not to mention the way his cheeks were flushing. “Tell me, how did you like the one on the relativistic velocity transformation and the principle of absolute simultaneity?” Tony leaned against a desk across from where Peter was standing, the boy's hands playing with the bottom of his shirt nervously. “Honestly?” He asked quietly, his voice unsure. “Yeah. Give it to me straight, kid.” He licked his lips as he settled in, interested to hear what Peter had to say. “It wasn't your best.” Peter answered hesitantly. “Oh?” Tony raised an eyebrow. “Well, you made a lot of good points.. And the math was flawless, of course, but Einstein?” Peter questioned, shrugging slightly. “I guess it's just been done before. It was well-written, sure, but there were no real insights and there was no.. Heart? I guess. It felt like you were writing f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
peter is 16
No It's Not Legal
Illegal Sex With a Minor
Tony Barely Feels Guilty
for like 2 seconds
Consensual Underage Sex
Virginity Kink
Loss of Virginity
Wet Dream
Inspired by Tumblr
Pure Smut
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Dirty Talk
Light Bondage
It's Just a Tie Don't Let The Bondage Tag Freak You Out

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

