Work Text:
The light went down into the depths of the lake, taking my home with them. Yeah, that’s right: I was trapped. There was only one portal out of here other than the Bifrost, and that was at the bottom of the lake. Now, since I had been left behind, I had no way home. The All-Father had banned travel to Jotunheim for all except the royal family due to continued strife between the two realms. I was trapped in a frozen hell. Jotunheim: what a lovely place to die. All the crags and rocks covered in a layer of frost made for such a comforting sight as I felt the cold settling into my bones. Something brushed up against my left shoulder, and I all but screamed “murder”. I had jumped forward at the unexpected contact, so when I turned around to face the offending being there was a bit of distance between us. Standing just beyond arm’s length was the man I’d been dreaming of for a little over two years. Raven black hair framed his face like a curtain as his skin changed from a marble-like white to sapphire blue. Suddenly, his eyes were no longer emeralds, but rubies, burning with an intensity in direct contrast with that of his skin. The frigid breeze whipped his hair into a tangled twist, but he did not look disheveled. Just like the figure in my dreams, this man made me feel safe when he looked at me, but vulnerable, as well. He must think I am either very rude or very slow to stare at him with such a stupid grin plastered on my face. I didn’t even know his name, but I couldn’t force my lips to move. “Loki,” said the man, although I had not seen his lips move. That puzzled me for a second, then I had an idea. Can you hear my thoughts? I thought the question in his direction, not daring to hope for a response. I waited while he seemed to be contemplating a reply, if he had even heard me. “Yes,” came the answer after a moment. “I can hear you, dove, and my name, which I spoke to you first, is Loki. I was born here, but hail from Asgard.”He paused in his speech when he saw how violently I was shivering, and approached me cautiously like I was a frightened animal. However, there was no danger that I would bolt. Loki’s stare would’ve been enough to keep me in place were I not already frozen. “You were not meant for these temperatures, dear lady. Why are you here? Judging by the state of your apparel, I can see that you did not anticipate ending up here,” his velvety voice intoned. Loki took a step closer, and I parried with a step back. A pitying look played across his features as his skin transformed back to its original pale color.“Do you fear me, small one?”I didn’t know how to respond, so I sprang for honesty.“I-I am afraid, yet I am not. I mean, I…I don’t really know,” I stuttered out and spluttered to a stop. Feeling heat rising to my cheeks, I looked away from Loki and down at my hands. A single finger was placed under my chin and raised my head until I was staring into those great green chasms again. God, he was mesmerizing!“You’ve seen me before, haven’t you, pretty thing?” He said as his mouth quirked into a small smile. Loki’s other hand stroked my cheek as gently as a breeze.“Yes, I have,” I replied quickly.“Where?”“I-in my dreams, or nightmares. I’m not sure which.”Loki’s smile grew ever wider as I gave my answer. His tongue flicked across his lips, and he eyed me hungrily. “Allow me to escort you somewhere a bit warmer,” Loki said as he drew me close to him with an arm around my waist. Before I even realized what was happening, we were surrounded by warmth and light. I inhaled the warmth deeply, and I detected the scent of spearmint emanating from my captor. Loki had transported us to I knew not where, but thankfully the feeling was returning to my appendages. Meanwhile, Loki swept me up in his arms and carried me to a chair by a fireplace. He set me down gently, and clasped my hands between his, rubbing slowly. His eyes never left mine. “Why are you helping me?” I managed to squeak. “I mean, I’m grateful, truly, but I can’t see your reasoning.”Loki’s lovely warm hands left mine as he stood swiftly and faced away from me, staring into the flames. He remained that way for several moments, standing as still as a statue. I’d almost forgotten that I’d asked him a question by the time he spoke again. “I assisted you because nobody assisted me,” he said cryptically. I waited for him to elaborate, but he didn’t.“I don’t understand,” I said trying to draw more out of him. His voice was husky when he finally replied. “I was broken, left for dead, and there was no one who would help me. I put myself back together, but I turned out twisted, even more of a monster than I already was,” Loki turned to face me. A single tear escaped his lashes, and I fought my instinct to kiss it away. “I helped you, mortal, because I could not bear to see something so beautiful twisted beyond recognition. I vowed that I would never do to another living thing that which had already been done to me,” he said staring intently int
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader

freeform: 
Loki/reader - Freeform
Smut
Jotunhiem Smut
Magic
Loki smut
Mild Feels
I Don't Even Know
here be smut

fandom: 
Loki/Reader

