Work Text:

"It's good to meet you, Dr Banner. Your work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled. And I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster."

"Thanks."
Bruce sometimes thought about their first meeting. Honestly, he hadn't really known what he was supposed to make of it at the time. Even later, when he had gotten to know the real Tony Stark - seen the man without his masks - he hadn't really understood what had caused the other man to not only not fear him, but to accept him as he was. It wasn't like with the others, who liked and trusted him enough - Bruce Banner - despite his ability to... well, turn into an enormous green rage monster. No... It was nothing like how Steve continually made polite endeavours in an attempt to ensure that he never got stressed or agitated, how Thor perked up whenever he raised his voice (no doubt prepared to try and appease the Other Guy should he make an appearance), or how Nat and Clint would constantly probe him to try and gauge his mood, Clint with slightly serious jests and Natasha with more direct queries. Tony just... didn't seem to care.Well, no. That's not quite right.Tony did care, he just wasn't worried about facing the Hulk. Unlike the others, Tony never made a point of including him in activities or treating him like any other baseline human, he just did. He looked out for Bruce... for Bruce, not for the Hulk or a fear of the potential consequences of releasing his counterpart. And he took care of the Hulk, not because he was an extension of his Science Bro, but because Hulk was his friend too. He befriended and (remarkably) accepted the both of them individually, and Bruce... he had no idea what to do with that.Bruce didn't exactly have a lot of experience with people. He had loved his mother fiercely but hated his father with a passion, loved Betty fully but despised her father intensely. He wasn't exactly a poster boy for healthy relationships. He had never even dreamed of one day having a best friend, even before the incident which had spawned his big, green counterpart.But that's what Tony was. His best friend, his Science Bro.Which was why he had come back.He couldn't have returned straight away after Johannesburg and Sokovia, not with how the Hulk was so... tense, and almost emotionally fragile. Not with how compromised he was after what that HYDRA witch had done to him. But after a trip to space, where he ended up as some sort of gladiator for a few months before Thor showed up and he helped prevent the destruction of a planet, he had come back to Earth with a new understanding and acceptance of the Hulk, and a new bond of trust. He was finally ready to face what he had left behind - to come back to Tony and the Avengers, who were the first worthwhile people that Bruce had wanted to return to in a long, long time. He returned, with Thor and his not-so-wayward brother, Loki, so they could finally start to rebuild what had been shattered by Ultron....Only to find that the Avengers had fought and split 4 months previously, with the majority of them being fugitives from the law. To say that Bruce was confused would be an understatement. He knew from what Thor had told him that they had won the battle against ULTRON and that the Avengers had been rebuilt, so he couldn't fathom what could have caused such a rift in the team. That was when Bruce was fully able to appreciate the sheer idiocy of Steve Rogers, a man he had, at the very least, trusted.Steve had let the witch onto the team. After everything that she'd done... After Johannesburg (God, all those people - those regular, innocent people - who were murdered for a distraction)... After that evil monster had spent years killing and using psychological torture on people (do you even care about what she did to me, Steve?) for HYDRA! She was given a free pass because she had decided that destroying the entirety of humanity might be bad for everyone, including her!?Oh no, but that wasn't all. No, Steve had committed an offence against the world that Bruce knew he would never be able to forgive him for. In Bruce's opinion, the only thing worse than betraying his faith and trust, was betraying that of the world's. Steve was abusing his powers so that he could get what he wanted and damn the rest of the world. He had been conducting unsanctioned missions in unaware, populated places, with neither the knowledge nor the permission of the countries. He had decided to give himself more power than he had the right to, and when the world had finally had enough and demanded that he stop, he had had gone on the run, killing more people in the process. And he and his team had hurt Tony and Rhodes. Bruce knew most of what had happened during the Civil War from what he had been told by Natasha and Rhodes, with Tony and Vision giving input every now and then. (One of) Tony's protégé(s), Peter Parker also gave a very detailed description of the fight that had taken place at
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Past Vision/Wanda Maximoff Implied
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Science Bros
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Steve Rogers is full of shit
Protective Bruce Banner
Bruce Has Something To Say
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
pro Accords
Thaddeus Ross is a dick
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
But He Ain't Anybody's Problem Anymore
Thor: Ragnarok AU
Team Cap is full of shit
Vengeful Friends
Tony Has Real Friends
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Tony is a great friend
Bruce Banner Has Issues
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Bruce Banner Feels
Let's make something clear
Not Wanda Friendly
Minorities Usually Have An Even Harder Time
BAMF Bruce Banner

fandom: 
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Past Vision/Wanda Maximoff Implied
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross

