Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“I’m alright, Rhodey,” Tony says down the line of the satelite phone he’s got tucked against his shoulder.“You’re not, Tony,” Rhodey sighs tiredly, worry and exasperation prominent in his voice.  “We both know you’re not. Everything that’s happened … fuck man I can’t even imagine being okay after all of that.  But we’re all here for you, me, Pepper and Happy.”“Well it’s not like I’ve got much of a choice do I?”  Tony cuts back sharply. “Obie … Obie’s dead.  You’re in the middle of the desert.  Pepper’s got her hands full with the company while I’m on this sabbatical you all forced me to go on.  And Happy? Happy can’t even look me in the eye after what happened and he won’t accept that it wasn’t his fault no matter what I tell him.  I’ve got him busy watching Pepper’s ass so what happened to me doesn’t happen to her. So being alright is all I’ve fucking got, Rhodey.”There’s a long moment of silence.“Sorry,” Tony says quietly, exhaustion bleeding out of every pore as he brings a hand up to brace the phone and then slumps down against the railing in front of him.“Sorry Rhodey.  I didn’t mean to …” Tony takes a second to scrub his free hand roughly over his face.  “You … you’re right. I’m not okay. I’m  not.  But I don’t … I don’t want to make a big deal out of it.”“It’s alright Tony,” Rhodey says softly.  “I shouldn’t have pushed, not after everything.  But you don’t have to pretend with us because we’re here for you, okay?  Even if Pepper and Happy are busy, even if I’m halfway across the world, we’ve still got your back.  So, no matter what happens, don’t forget that. You and the company both are going to get through this.  What Stane did, what he tried to do, none of that is gonna stop you man. You’re stronger than that.”The problem with that is the fact that Tony doesn’t  feel stronger than that.  He’s still reeling inside, off balanced and adrift from what had happened.From the sheer hurt and betrayal that’s been ripping him apart since this entire thing started.The only upside is that he’s no longer in the hospital and he’s free to move around without the police hounding his every step.And even that’s not much of an upside, all things considered.“Tones,” Rhodey interrupts his thoughts, voice gentle and hesitant, and Tony immediately feels disappointment settle heavy in his gut.  He knows what’s about to happen because Rhodey only calls him  Tones in that soft voice when he’s got bad news.“You’ve got to go right?”  Tony asks. He knows he sounds sullen, sounds  whiny  even, but he can’t help it even if he is, as Rhodey always calls him,  ‘a grown ass man’.  He always hates having to say goodbye to Rhodey on these calls.“You know I wouldn’t if I could help it,” Rhodey tells him softly.Tony knows that, truly he does.  Rhodey would be right here with him if he could be, if he wasn’t halfway around the world on his latest deployment.That certainty, that unquestioned loyalty between the two of them, is one of the reasons Rhodey’s been his best friend through thick and thin since the moment he pulled Tony out of that dumpster when he was fifteen.“Yeah, yeah, whatever.  We both know you can’t wait to be rid of me.”  Tony does his best to sound light hearted, to make sure he can end this call with Rhodey on a brighter note.He’s pretty sure he isn’t succeeding.“That’s bullshit and you know it,” Rhodey doesn’t even pretend to play along.  “I really gotta go man but seriously Tony, just … try and relax a bit okay? You deserve it.  So actually  try and enjoy your sabbatical.  Everything else will be there when you get back so don’t worry about it.”“I’ll try, honey bear,” Tony finally agrees.  “Now get off the phone before someone makes you clean a latrine.  And stay safe.”“I will if you will,” Rhodey shoots back and this time Tony can hear the smile in his voice.“Always,” Tony replies, a heavy and unavoidable kind of irony in his tone.It’s all the goodbye they need, all the goodbye they’ve ever needed between the two of them.That doesn’t mean that Tony doesn’t stare down at the phone, shoulders slumped and expression drawn, once the call’s over.Because he does.Phone in hand and staring out at the water, Tony hasn’t felt so alone in years.Not since Howard, in all of his drunken glory, had wrapped the town car around a tree one December night and stolen Tony’s mother from him.  Dead on impact, the both of them.He’d been seventeen, newly orphaned, and guilty over how  relieved he’d felt.Tony had, and still does, miss Maria with a tender sort of ache.Because Maria had been as good a mother to him as was possible for her.  Even with her pill bottles and her parties she’d still been good to him. Still been sweet and kind.  She’d liked to wake him up in the mornings, still dressed in her gown from the night before and smelling like chardonnay and cigarette smoke, to cook him breakfast and chatter at him in Italian.“Il mio bambi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Merpeople
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Humor
MerShark!Bucky
Human Tony Stark
Possessive Behavior
Stalking
Violence
Magic
Protective Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
seductive Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Tony Stark
Ocean Puns
Fluff
Flirting
Ocean Themed Pet Names
Bucky is smitten
Tony Is Alarmed
But Then Also Smitten
Eventual Smut
Awkward Flirting
Mermaids
Mersharks
Biting
Inappropriate Behavior
Denial
Specifically Tony Is In Denial
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Interspecies Awkwardness
The Finest Of Oceanic Seduction Techniques
The Suavest Of MerSharks
Angry Italian Man Yells At Ocean
Bucky Wants To Show Tony The Real Shape Of Water
Grinding Nemo - Name Of Tony's Newest Sex Tape
Bucky "Grade A+ Aquatic Beef™" Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

