Chapter 1: Arrival
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
A sleek silver ship descended into Earth’s atmosphere.One of the men on board, looked at the computer screens. He spoke in an odd language as he gave coordinates to the highest level of technology on the planet. The only woman gave the location of the property which had the engineer inside. The other man flew the ship down to a small mega-city (but probably one of the largest on this planet). The man at the scanners flicked a switch, concealing them from the view of the humans below.Unlike their own version of Earth, this one did not have flying cars so they couldn’t blend in – so to speak.They descended to the top of a tall building with a massive Earth English letter on the front. The woman chuckled. ‘We’ve got a welcoming committee.’The pilot looked through the window. ‘So we do.’There were three people on top of the building. One was a man with dark brown hair and unconventional facial hair for this planet. The only man sitting had darker skin, and a stern expression on his face. The third person was the most interesting. None of the other humans registered on this planet had red skin.‘Registers as human,’ the pilot murmured. ‘What does the computer say?’The woman hit a few switches to get the answer. ‘Synthetic human. Be interesting to find out how he was born. He only registers as about a year old.’‘Hm.’ The pilot came to a landing.The three stood up and walked off of the bridge and to the door. Hitting a button, the door opened and the descended the ramp in triangular formation. The three humans were waiting for them but said nothing. The pilot, at the head, spoke first as they came to stand on the roof of the building.‘I’m sorry for the intrusion,’ he said, careful to speak in Earth English. ‘We’ve been sent to help you deal with the warlord heading your way. We figured, due to the kind of hardware we picked up here, that you were aware of the impending threat.’The man at the head of the humans quirked his lips. ‘Yes, I was. But good luck convincing anyone else.’‘I wouldn’t say that, Tones,’ the man in the wheelchair said. ‘Someone from space was actually sent to help out, which leads validation to the impending invasion.’‘Would you happen to know when this invasion is coming?’ the red-skinned man asked.‘They sent us two years in advance so that we could familiarise ourselves with your culture and your planet before we defend it,’ the woman said.‘I’m sorry,’ the pilot said. ‘We’re being rude, aren’t we? I’m Onilo.’ He gestured to the man on his left. ‘This is Alfal.’ Then he gestured to the woman on his other side. ‘And this is Dila.’The human man nodded. ‘I’m Tony Stark.’ He clapped the dark-skinned man on the shoulder. ‘This is Col. James Rhodes.’ And then he nodded to the other man. ‘And this is Vision.’***Tony took the three aliens into the Tower.FRIDAY had picked up their ship, and the stealth technology. He was impressed, to say the least. If they had been sent, though, he needed details. That was why he brought them into the penthouse. Tony had thoroughly learned his lesson before, and he wasn’t going to be easily accepting people anymore.‘So, you actually know what’s coming?’ Tony asked.‘In a manner of speaking,’ Alfal said. ‘We’ve been briefed. He’s called Thanos and he’s known as the Mad Titan. He’s the most feared thing in your galaxy because he goes to planets and civilisations and completely destroys them. No one really knows why.’‘And you guys can stop him?’ Rhodey asked.‘It shouldn’t be too difficult for us,’ Onilo said. ‘We have two advantages over him.’‘He uses an Infinity Gauntlet,’ Dila explained. ‘It’s not fully powered but it’s powered by the Infinity Stones.’ She nodded to Vision. ‘One of which is resting in your forehead.’Vision nodded. ‘Is that why he’s coming to Earth?’‘Yes,’ Alfal said. ‘But I believe there’s another one somewhere around as well. The thing about the Infinity Stones, though, is that they don’t work on people from other universes.’‘You’re from another universe?’ Tony asked.‘Yes,’ Onilo said. ‘And we’re also Saiyans. In our universe, Saiyans are a race that are known as, among other things, “the Warriors of the Universe”. We evolved as a warrior race so we’re actually built for hand-to-hand combat.’‘So it’s not much for you to take out an army that size?’ Tony asked.‘Of course not,’ Alfal said. ‘A single Saiyan could take out a planet with one finger. There’s three of us. We’ve also seen this guy’s portfolio. It’s nothing to some of the others we’ve fought. When Thanos destroys a planet, the planet is still physically there after the fact.’Which introduced a lot of concerning questions about what kind of power they usually faced.‘So you’re kind of like the Asgardians?’ Rhodey asked.Alfal pulled out a holographic device and quickly looked up what the Asgardians were and the subsequent Norse Culture. ‘No,’ he said. ‘That’s a warrior culture. They glori
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Tony
Crossover
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Different Universes
Tags May Change
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange

