Work Text:
Tony groaned and leaned back in his ergonomically perfect chair, stretching his spine out and rubbing the heels of his hands into his eyes. He had been working 4 hours straight on trying to figure out the link between shipments of air defense missiles in the Hindu Kush and Doom tightening up Latveria's borders even more than usual. His eyes were dry and scratchy from staring at his screens, he had a migraine pounding at his temporal lobe, and his hands were shaking from not eating for most of the day.That was the only reason he didn't notice someone outside his window.The screech of his alarms sent him shooting from his armchair. No one should have been able to enter the penthouse floors without him being alerted. JARVIS was saying something about the balcony—the armor was still five floors down and all he had was a gauntlet a few feet away on the desk—"Hey, shellhead."Fuck."Why do you keep doing this," Tony groaned, and turned to the bar to get a drink to calm his racing heart. The decanter top rattled as he poured himself a glass."I told him we should just call first, but you know Steve, always the drama queen," Bucky called, untying off his boots inside the balcony doors."Why are you taking your shoes off, stop that," Tony turned around, scotch in hand. "You’re not staying. I hope you know that.""You say that every time, and yet," Steve grinned, easy. It was a little marred by the bloody man he was dragging by the leg, previously hidden by the shadows of the curtains."Who is that! Who is that and why does he look half-dead?!""This," Steve said, dropping the man carelessly, "is the logistics man for those weapons Doom is trying to get to the Latverian embassy in India through the Karakoram Range." Tony could feel his migraine increasing."Why the hell is Doom trying to get weapons to an embassy." Tony asked flatly."C’mon Tony, you know that already." Bucky stripped off his combat jacket. Tony could see the blood streaked across the straps. "Doom uses his embassy as an outpost for weapons so he can claim diplomatic need to obscure investigation. Something he can't do if he's caught using regular smuggling methods."Tony drained his scotch and shoved the glass away. "You could have just sent this info to someone else instead of bringing him here to dirty my Italian marble floors.""Good point," Steve said. "Buck? You wanna take him down to those SHIELD agents following us?""Will do." Bucky saluted, scooped up the unconscious man in a fireman's carry, and went back out to the balcony where Tony could now see a heavy duty grappling hook and a helicopter on the pad.Tony looked back at Steve and jumped—Steve had silently padded across the room and was now about three inches from Tony's nose. "Thanks very much, you can go now.""Aw Tony, that's not a real thank you."Two big hands slid around Tony's waist and he fought the urge to let his knees buckle and lean into them. It should have been easy once he saw Steve’s nails had red under them. But Tony was the patron saint of bad decisions and clearly all his smarts had abandoned him at the first possibility of some good sex. Steve was still wearing his leather gloves, dark grey to match the rest of his suit, with dark navy blue padding and a star on his chest."Is this the new stealth suit?" Tony asked, slipping out of Steve's loose hold and going back to the crystal decanter of scotch. "Switched up SHIELD’s color scheme?""This one doesn't stain as easily," Steve said behind him and oh, bad idea, because now Steve had him boxed in against the bar counter. Tony's breath hitched as Steve's hands skimmed over his forearms and his thumbs stroked at the pulse in Tony's wrists."You look thinner. Haven't been eating?" Steve's voice was soft and almost calming. He was trying to lull Tony into softening up. People underestimated how good Steve was at just talking; spinning people into circles or convincing idiots to set down their weapons before Bucky shot them in the knee."I’ve been a little busy with this bullshit," Tony said. "And please stop getting blood on my suit.""Is that a clever way of asking me to strip?" Steve asked, sounding amused. His breath was hot on the back of Tony's neck and his hands were still pinning Tony's wrists to the counter."You’re clearly not going anywhere and I paid a lot for this," Tony griped."Do you even know what brand you're wearing?" Steve asked. He pressed a kiss to the skin above Tony's collar and Tony shivered at how cold Steve’s lips still were from the March nighttime air."Givenchy.""Wrong." Steve whispered in his ear. "Think that means you get a penalty.""What is this, soccer? Un-American, Steve," Bucky's voice came back out of nowhere, making Tony jump again (god-fucking-shit-damnit) and lurch back into Steve's chest.Steve moved away and Tony took the chance to breathe before there was a soft thud of combat leathers hitting the floor and Steve came right back. "Let’s go back to your stripping idea.""I did not—""I take off som
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Aftermath of Violence
Anal Sex
FaceFucking
Oral Sex
steve and bucky get fed up of bureaucracy and decide to do their own thing
sometimes that means killing people for tony
tony makes bad decisions but what else is new
Past Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
but only a minor mention
Dark Steve Rogers
Dark Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

