Work Text:

“God, Parker, you’re being ridiculous,” Peter whispered to himself.

He stood staring at the closed door for another minute, contemplating whether or not he should open it. He glanced back down the dark hallway to where the door to his room was open, moonlight from the window within spilling into the hallway.

“Quit being a baby, just go back to your own room and sleep,” he muttered to himself, turning and taking a few steps back towards his bedroom.

Halfway down the hall he froze, overcome once again with anxiety.

He closed his eyes and pressed his face into his hands, trying to block out the images. The sound of the Vulture’s wings as it swooped down round him, the sound of the concrete crumbling down on top of him, the pain as it all collapsed on top of him, burying him alive beneath the rubble. He remembered the way his lungs burned, trying to expand as he tried to breathe, unable to because of the weight upon his back. He remembered the way he scrambles against the weight, trying unsuccessfully to even move. He remembered the panic he felt when he realized he was stuck, that he was alone and no one was there to help him or save him. He remembered how small the space was, and he remembered feeling as though it were closing in even more tightly around him as the panic set in—

With a deep, gasping breath he turned back towards the other room. He raised a hand just above the doorknob and froze again.

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath through his nose.

“If you’re gonna do it, Parker, just do it,” he muttered, grabbing the doorknob and turning, pushing the door open gently and quietly.

Immediately upon entering he felt the anxiety begin to flee his body at the sound of the light snoring and steady breathing from the other man in the bed. He gently shut the door behind him and took a couple steps forward so he was hovering at the foot of the large bed.

He felt absolutely ridiculous, coming to Mr. Stark like this for comfort after a nightmare. As a kid, sure, after a nightmare he’d run into May and Ben’s room and climb into bed with them so he could sleep better. But that was back when he was like... six years old. He’s fifteen for crying out loud! He should be able to handle himself after having a nightmare.

But when he thought about his dream, about the overwhelming feeling of being alone, the knowledge that he was on his own and no one would save him, that moment of panic when he realized he could very well die beneath all that rubble—

He continued to hover at the end of the bed, looking at Mr. Stark sleeping with uncertainty. It would be so embarrassing to wake Mr. Stark up over something as simple as a little nightmare. Especially considering how little sleep the man already got as it was, he’d feel incredibly guilty waking him up for this. For something Peter should be able to handle.

Though he really didn’t want to go back to sleep alone....

Making a quick decision in his head, he simply laid down on the ground at the foot of the bed. He curled up tightly in a ball, and tried to quell the anxiousness he felt in his body by listening to Mr. Stark sleep. He could feel the tension slowly leave his body as he listened to Tony’s steady breathing. If he concentrated hard enough, his super hearing ears could just barely make out the sound of Tony’s slow and even heartbeat in the stilled silence of the room. He’d just close his eyes, just for a second....

...

“Peter?”

He didn’t give any reaction except to wrap his arms tighter around himself and burrowing further into the rough, carpet beneath him.

His eyes flew wide open, however, when he felt a rough hand rub gently against his shoulder and back, shaking him slightly to wake him up.

“Peter, why are you on the floor? I gave you a bed for a reason, kid.”

“Mr. Stark!” He said, sitting up quickly, hands flailing about. Tony held out a hand to steady him as he tried to orient himself.

“I’m so sorry, I’m— I just— I can explain, really, I was—“

“Calm down, kid, I’m not mad,” Tony said, his face concerned, “I’m just confused.”

Peter looked into Tony’s concerned eyes for a moment before looking back at the ground, his cheeks burning in shame.

“I had a nightmare,” Peter said softly, “about that— that stuff, you know, with the Vulture, and I just—“

“You didn’t want to be alone.”

“Yeah,” Peter finished lamely, “that.”

He heard Tony sigh from where he was knelt in front of him. He picked at a spot of carpet on the floor, too embarrassed to look up at Tony.

“You could’ve just woken me up, you know.”

“I know you don’t sleep much,” Peter said quickly, trying to explain his reasoning. “I didn’t want to wake you for something dumb like a stupid nightmare I should be able to handle on my own.”

“Peter,” Tony sighed. Peter still refused to look up at him.

“Hey, look at me.” He felt a gentle hand come up under his chin and lift his head until he was looking Tony in the eye.

“I don’t care about sleeping,” Tony said softly, “I’ve certa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Nightmares
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Parent Tony Stark
Comfort
Fluff
Tony is a good dad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

