Chapter 1





Chapter Text
At precisely 3pm, Tony Stark stumbled to a stop outside his bedroom door. After a rather frantic and thorough search, he’d come to a solid conclusion: the mansion was empty of anyone who mattered. Howard was still away on a business trip and Maria had left for an early dinner with some potential donors. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, glancing at his watch. His mom had just left, so he had approximately three to four hours of unsupervised time.It was a little ridiculous to think that, at nineteen, he was still grasping at private time like a pre-teen wanting to jerk off. But the truth of the matter was, it didn’t matter how old he was. As long as he lived under Howard’s roof, Tony’s time would never be his. Either his mother wanted him to help in her charity work or Howard was after him about the business or Stane wanted Tony to sit in on this meeting or that meeting. Which was why Tony was planning to move out. Sort of. He did have plans, but they weren’t solid yet. Maybe if Rhodey had stayed in New York instead of joining the air force immediately after graduating – but no. Tony didn’t blame his best friend for that. This had been Rhodey’s dream for longer than Tony had known him. There was no way he would let Rhodey stick around just because Tony wasn’t sure about getting an apartment of his own.He wasn’t sure about way more than that, which was why he’d made sure he wouldn’t be interrupted.Tony slipped into his room and shut the door, flipping the lock. Then he crossed over to his computer and sat down. Thank god he’d figured out years ago how to block anyone from seeing what sites he visited. Howard, for all his genius, was not overly familiar with the internet. His obsession was with weapons and, while sometimes the internet could play a part in that, Howard paid other people to be knowledgeable about what he wasn’t. It just so happened this time, that worked in Tony’s favor.He quickly typed in the site that had consumed his brain over the past two weeks, ever since that fateful day when he’d been doing some light research and stumbled across it. The site had boasted about being the principle source for all BDSM play, including aspects of play that were not frequently catered to. Tony’d had his doubts, but he’d quickly discovered that the boast was not incorrect.He logged in and navigated to his favorite forum. Age play was not something that had ever crossed his mind before, but Tony found himself intrigued by the idea. He’d read several of the posts, which were from caregivers (daddies, mommies, uncles, aunts, big brothers, big sisters – the site had insight from them all) and Littles alike. Some of the posts were more sexual than he was comfortable with, but others were geared more towards the non-sexual side of things and those were the ones he liked reading.Two days ago, his last foray into the site, he’d realized that there was also a chat feature that meant you could talk to other users in real time. Clicking on it had opened up a wide variety of chats that any user of the site could join. Tony hadn’t dared to click on the one for age play, but today he had the time and privacy to do so. His hand shook a little as he clicked on the appropriate chat and waited for the page to load.BrooklynDaddy: im just saying
greeneyes: i know what you were just saying, but you cant tell me what 2 do. ur not my daddyOh. Tony sat back in surprise, pulse quickening. He recognized BrooklynDaddy and greeneyes. Both of them had been frequent posters in the forum, but only for the non sexual posts. BrooklynDaddy, who’d categorized himself as a caregiver in his profile, had been a member for at least four years, with greeneyes, who was a Little, not far behind at just over three years. He lifted his eyes to track who else was in the chat room and found that the room was otherwise empty. Tony’s username, Ir0nMan, was there along with BrooklynnDaddy and greeneyes. He supposed that he shouldn’t have been surprised, considering that it was 3pm on a Wednesday. Most people were at work or school. He wondered what these two users did that they could be home, or at least chatting, during the day.BrooklynDaddy: i see we have a new face
BrooklynDaddy: hello ironmanThey were talking to him. Tony froze. He didn’t know why he hadn’t expected this, but now that the blinking black cursor was staring him in the face he wasn’t sure how to handle it. Too late, he realized he should’ve done something to let him observe the chatroom unnoticed. He could always log out, but he wasn’t sure he wanted to be one of those creepers who logged out as soon as they were observed. He’d seen forum posts complaining about those people before.greeneyes: hi ironman
greeneyes: did u come 2 playShit. His mind raced, but he couldn’t come up with anything halfway decent to say. Saying something like “I only learned about age play like two weeks ago and I think I might be a daddy but I’m not really sure” made him sound
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
non sexual age play
Age Play
Infantilism
non sexual infantilism
Baby Tony
Daddy Steve
little Tony
little natasha
Online Friendship
Online Relationship
online age play
internet forums
Chatting & Messaging
chat speak
i apologize for the chat speak
it hurt my soul a little to write it
tony is brand new to age play
steve is helping him to learn
new relationships
navigating a new relationship
role play
online role play
Phone Conversations
Blushing
flustered Tony Stark
because flustered tony is the best tony
Shy Tony Stark
Diapers
bottles
pull-ups
thumb sucking
Pacifiers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Protective Steve Rogers
Tags Subject to Change

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

