Work Text:
-


(art by quintenttsy)
- When the Himalayan peasant meets the he-bear in his pride
He shouts to scare the monster, who will often turn aside.
But the she-bear thus accosted rends the peasant tooth and nail
For the female of the species is more deadly than the male.
- Rudyard Kipling, "The Female of the Species" - 
The glass on the burner is cracked, its contents burned into a black crust along the inside of the bulb. He stops long enough to turn the burner off, curling his talons in and using his knuckles to handle the minuscule knob. He flicks his tongue against his teeth resignedly; they're going to have to fire somebody over that. They won't tolerate wasteful loss of equipment through negligence. What if they'd started an electrical fire?

There's no place at Oscorp for someone who won't think to contain his workspace before evacuating, he thinks.

Or we could eat them, supplies the lizard brain hopefully.

That won't be necessary, he thinks back, firm.

When he turns around, he immediately becomes aware of another presence in the lab, a dark scuttling up by the ceiling, trying to obscure itself amongst the rafters. The only sounds are the electrical buzz of the overhead lights and the faint, crystalline sounds the glass on the burner makes as it finally cools.

"Tell me, Spider-Man," he says. His voice scrapes out of him like it's being dragged backwards over gravel, because the tongue in his throat isn't adapted for human speech. "Have you ever seen a movie called the Million Dollar Baby?"

There's no reply, so he waits patiently until --

"Isn't that the one with Hilary Swank in it?" comes from the direction of the ceiling. "No, but there's coffee shop by the Met that names its drinks after Clint Eastwood movies. You should try it sometime, instead of being evil."

"In it," he continues, progressing slowly through the lab, aware of the figure above keeping pace. "A prizefighter woman at the height of her career suffers an accident, breaks her neck, and through steady decay, becomes a quadriplegic. Because she's no use if she can't fight, her trainer, who assumes she had no other reason to live, euthanizes her. And that's how the movie ends."

"That's horrible."

"Is it?" he replies, swift as the fall of a guillotine. "You see, people like me --" he flexes his claw, reveling in the pull of tendon and muscle, the pressure of his talons curling against his forearm, all sensations he only used to feel in the phantom and will never tire of, "-- are expected to take one of two courses of action."

He reaches the far end of the lab, keying himself into storage, again only using the rounded edge of his knuckle.
"The first is that we accept what's happened to us and make it a part of who we are now. We continue to make the best of our lives, same as anyone else, and refuse to let anyone pity us or treat us differently, because missing a limb -- or four -- shouldn't make us any less normal. The other option is to not accept what's happened to us and to always strive to -- oh, how I hate that word, 'fix' -- to regain what we'd lost, because if the technology doesn't exist, it's only because we haven't created it yet. Both are commendable choices. Neither are easy to make."Spider-Man doesn't reply, but he doesn't really need Spider-Man's input on this: this is the fall after the precipice, so many angry words he's wanted to say, to explain to anyone, while knowing that nobody would listen because nobody wanted to listen. He couldn't stop even if he wanted to."So what if I removed the choice?" He taps the tip of one talon, then two, against the top of the Genali device. "Give people no choice as to whether or not they could be better."
"That's pretty cold-blooded, and I say that, of course, with full sensitivity your current state. People should always have a choice, Doc."

Spider-Man's voice has changed location, but the lizard isn't worried: spiders are just prey to the lizard brain.

"And you, Spider-Man?" he says pleasantly. "Were you given a choice?"
 - They say you will be bitten by a spider no less than 500 times in your lifetime, and you won't even notice 95% of those bites.With all due respect, Gwen would like to punch those people in the face. - She's in third track European History when things start to get weird.It's April Fool's Day, and nothing anybody does on April Fool's Day is ever funny -- it's just awful, up to and including Ms. Ngiwidi declaring a pop quiz at the start of class, because it's not an April Fool's Joke. She actually goes through with it. Furthermore, it's one of those quizzes a teacher can only pull once in their entire career, because afterwards, nobody ever trusts them again: the answer to every question is "C"."You have to admit, your faces were priceless," she chuckles, neatly arranging their quiz sheets into a nice pile on her desk and ignoring their outrage. "I do wish my phone had a camera."Ms. Ngiwidi is a plump, middle-aged woman with a squarish jaw like a pict
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

