Work Text:
Tony hated his Alpha with a fiery passion. He hated that his loving father had cheerfully signed a mating contract with Tiberius Stone, signing Tony away like a piece of property, as some kind of sick and twisted graduation present for earning his degrees at MIT. If he was lucky he would get a chance to work in the R&D department of SI because he knew his father had no intention of leaving the company to an Omega. Howard Stark had high hopes that Tony would produce an Alpha heir for the Stark legacy but in the meantime Howard planned on reaping the benefits of the connection Tony’s mating contract gave him.Ty, Tony’s Alpha, was the same Alpha who had tormented Tony the second he’d learned Tony was an Omega for as long as Tony could remember. The same Alpha that Tony had never thought in a million years his father would ever contemplate as a match for Tony considering the vicious rivalry between their families.He had never been more wrong and considering Howard Stark was the Alpha who had sired him it should have been a shock that Tony’s feelings hadn’t even been an afterthought.The claiming and bonding had been a scene straight out of a nightmare but by the end of it Tony had been thoroughly knotted, his bonding gland had been broken and the contract between their families had been finalized successfully. Immediate talk of breeding and heirs had followed. No one bothered to ask him what he thought about it. Why would anyone think the Omega had an opinion?He hated his smug, rough and condescending Alpha.Tony shoved his hands in his pockets, trying not to freeze, as he walked along the sidewalk. It was cold, dark and he had needed to get out of the big mansion that felt more like a prison. More than anything Tony had needed to get away from his Alpha who had just finished a long Rut. It didn’t matter that his poor muscles ached after days of repeated knotting during Tiberius’s Rut. Tony needed fresh air. He needed to get away before his upcoming Heat and, according to his Alpha, his first breeding.Disgust had his face twisting. His genius, his ideas and visions, were wasted while he was trapped in an arranged mating with an Alpha who saw him as a trophy and a fertile womb to breed to show off his virility. It didn’t stop him from working in secret.The feeling of eyes had him tensing and then relaxing. He didn’t fucking care. It was probably someone his Alpha had sent to watch him and make sure nothing happened. Of course when Tony turned a corner, pressed against the wall and waited to catch whoever it was unaware, he certainly wasn’t expecting the Alpha who was following him.Leather.The Alpha was wearing leather, combat boots and looked like he was armed to the fucking teeth. Everything about him was screaming threat and danger. The streetlight glinted off the Alpha’s metal left arm, completely exposed unlike the right, and when the Alpha’s scent hit him Tony’s mouth went completely dry. It took everything in him to keep his legs under him because he desperately wanted to sink to his knees.Holy shit.Tony blinked, sucking in a startled breath, as piercing eyes locked on him. He certainly wasn’t expecting to find himself shoved up against a building with a solid warm line of heat trapping his body against cold brick.Tony jerked and writhed against the hand that had covered his mouth. All the while he was breathing in the surprisingly calming scent of the Alpha in front of him. It made him want to whine, to offer his throat and submit in a way he would never do with the Alpha who had claimed him.The hold on him slackened and Tony could hear the Alpha breathing in his scent.He watched arousal darken the eyes taking in his face, savored the fragrance of it as it wove through the Alpha’s natural scent, as he stopped struggling and instead stared. A few more seconds passed before the Alpha’s hand was gone and a warm face pressed up against his neck. He was pretty sure the Alpha could smell the reaction he was causing in Tony’s body even before he’d shoved his face against Tony’s skin.Tony shivered at the feeling of warm breath ghosting against his cold skin. It had a whine climbing his throat and his blood heating in anticipation. This wasn’t his Alpha, wasn’t the Alpha he was bonded and legally belonged to, but his body didn’t seem to care. Everything in him was screaming to let this Alpha have him and Tony didn’t feel the need to ignore the instinct that wanted him to submit to this Alpha.He recognized the surge of Heat flying through his body and felt slick soaking his pants, making the material cling to his ass and lazily drip down the backs of his thighs. The scent of it flooded the air between them and a low, rumbled growl had Tony shivering.Tony wished the mask on the Alpha’s face wasn’t there. He wished he could see something other than those piercing eyes but the Alpha didn’t make a move to remove it. The Alpha did make another move. Tony was pulled away from the building, effortlessly carried to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Arranged Marriage
arranged mating
Unhappy marriage
Mates
Cheating
Alpha Tiberius
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Outdoor Sex
Rough Sex
Knotting
Breeding
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mildly Dubious Consent
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Character Death
(but no one you care about I'm sure)
Assassination
Mpreg
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Age Difference
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Protective Bucky Barnes
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Tiberius
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Omega
Smut
Angst
protective winter soldier
kind of
Possessive Winter Soldier
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Tiberius Stone

