Chapter 1: Pack
    




Chapter Text
Pack.One word, one syllable, four letters.Definition: a group of animals of the same kind, especially predatory ones.What everyone searches to find, and what many do. If you have a pack, you’re set for life. You have friends, family, someone to rely on.A pack takes care of its own. No one is left out in the cold. No one is ridiculed. No one is ignored.Tony’s never had a pack. Not a proper one. Rhodey and Pepper are great and all, but Rhodey’s rarely around, Pepper’s busy with the company, and Tony’s always in his workshop. His parents had never been around either. When they were, they definitely didn’t act like a pack should.Tony wasn’t all that shocked when the rest of the Avengers started to form a pack bond. After all, they got along, fought together, and lived in the same building. Why wouldn’t they?He definitely wasn’t surprised that he wasn’t a part of their pack. Why would they want him? It’s not like he knew how to deal with a pack. And it had already been established that he wasn’t a team player.Tony is not pack material. He knew it, and he knew it well, so why did he want to be in the pack so badly?----------“Tony, have you been down here all day?” Steve asked, walking into the workshop. Tony nodded, still completely focused on the specs for the new Starkphone.“Did you forget?” Steve asked, placing a hand on Tony’s shoulder and turning him around. “Tonight’s Movie Night. Everyone’s waiting for you.”“Why?” Tony asked. “Movie Night is a team bonding thing. I’m not technically on the team anymore, remember?”Fury had removed Tony from the team roster a few weeks ago for his reckless behavior, and that definitely didn’t hurt. Iron Man was Tony’s life, and he wouldn't let anything happen to the team, but if working behind the scenes meant that he wouldn’t accidentally get them killed, then so be it. It gave him time to get back up to speed with the projects Pepper had been nagging him about. It was fine. He was fine. No problem.Steve had a stubborn and slightly angry look on his face as he replied, “As far as I’m concerned, you’re still on the team and Fury can go jump in a bottomless hole.” Tony’s eyebrows rose. He definitely hadn’t expected that. “Now come on,” Steve said, his alpha voice creeping in around the edges. He grabbed Tony’s arm and pulled him up.Tony rolled his eyes but let Steve drag him to the elevator anyway. The alpha voice didn’t work on Tony for some reason, but he didn’t ever let on. Steve rarely used that voice, even out in the field, Natasha only used hers in dire situations, and Clint had never used his around the team, so it was pretty easy for Tony to keep that little detail a secret.When they stepped out of the elevator, everyone was already gathered in the common area. Clint and Natasha were bickering over what movie to watch on one of the couches, Thor was laying on the floor, shoveling huge amounts of popcorn in his mouth, Bucky was scowling at Sam, who was sitting in Bucky’s favorite spot, and Bruce was in his armchair, curled up in a blanket with a small smile on his face as he watched everyone.“We’re here,” Steve said. “What movie are we watching?” He flopped down between Sam and Bucky in an obvious attempt to prevent a fight as Tony headed over to Bruce and sat in front of the armchair. Bruce handed him his extra blanket and Thor paused in his eating to push the bowl of popcorn closer to Tony.“We are going to watch Into the Woods,” Natasha said with her hand over Clint’s mouth. Clint made an indignant noise and pried Natasha’s hand off his mouth. He stuck his tongue out at her before stretching out on the couch and telling JARVIS to start the movie.Before the movie finished, they had gone through over twenty bowls of popcorn, ten bags of M&Ms, and two boxes of Poptarts. Tony’s head had fallen back against the armchair and Bruce had started playing with his hair. His legs were stretched out over Thor’s back and he was comfortable enough to go to sleep, even though he knew his back would regret it in the morning.Eventually, Tony did fall asleep, but it was only after Bruce’s fingers had stilled and Thor’s steady breaths helped him to drift off.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
Not Compliant To Anything Past Phase One
Pack Dynamics
Tony Feels
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Insecure Tony
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Clint Barton
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Omega Bucky Barnes
Beta Sam Wilson
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Tony is a weird Omega
Bruce is practical
Kidnapping
Bucky knows the truth
Bucky Barnes Is a Good Bro
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes & Tony Stark Friendship
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Fluff
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Unconventional Heats
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Beta Bruce Banner

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

