Chapter 1: What if Tony licked back in Chapter 4?
    


Notes:
AU smutty scene from If You Had This Time Again: Chapter 4, previously posted as part of Burn the Sky Down. (Oral Sex)I decided to re-post it as a separate work because:1) it doesn't quite fit with the darker theme of Burn the Sky Down,2) I'm 99% sure there will be eventual FrostIron smut in If You Had This Time Again and since I'd like to keep that fic's T rating, this will be where the smutty scenes go, and3) having this space available will motivate me to write said eventual FrostIron smut. ;)




Chapter Text

"Ha!" Tony grinned when his thumb brushed past a raised circular shape and applied a bit of force. The metal instantly unlatched and fell away, tumbling down Loki's leather-clad chest and landing with a clatter between his sprawling legs. Tony's triumph was short-lived as a pair of cool lips pressed against his pulse point followed by a brush of an equally cool tongue. "Gah!" 

Loki smirked as he leaned away. "You taste of the abyss."
"And what does that taste like?" Tony arched a brow, his tongue swiping across his bottom lip unconsciously.Loki mirrored and exaggerated the expression, inviting and challenging.Their mouths collided with a clatter of teeth, Loki surging up as Tony dropped to straddle Loki's waist. Tony's knees hit the marble floor with a sharp sound and a spike of pain, both were quickly forgotten when Loki's tongue tangled with his. The kiss was a curious mix of opposites, as was everything else they did with their bodies. Soft licks and sharp nips. Gentle fingers and tight grips. Slow movements and fast friction. They broke contact only to gulp down air greedily before reconnecting, like oxygen was nothing but a troublesome necessity.Tony couldn't remember the last time he had rutted against someone like a teenager, it was, in all likelihood, when he had been an actual teenager. His hardening cock forced him to shift back, a hand reaching down to adjust before desire turned to discomfort."Undress yourself." Loki murmured, tracing Tony's jaw with a cool tongue that left a heated path in its wake. "I'd like to taste you. All of you."Dazed, Tony scrambled to standing and tore off his clothes in the matter of seconds before he was settling over Loki again. The leather smooth and the buckles cool against his exposed skin.Loki latched his mouth over a particularly sensitive spot where Tony's neck sloped into his shoulder, worrying the skin with his teeth then soothing it with a kiss.Tony groaned and held on the best he could, arching his back and bearing his throat with one hand tangled in Loki's hair and the other reaching back to steady himself on Loki's knee."You taste of the abyss." Loki repeated, his tongue drawing intricate patterns across Tony's chest, circling the arc reactor. "The man with a star in his chest tasting of the abyss." He gave each of Tony's nipples a sharp nip, chuckling at Tony's surprised hiss. "Perfect.""That, that's me. Perfect." Tony managed to say between gasps as Loki urged him upward with shackled hands, cupping the cheeks of Tony's ass, so he could nibble along Tony's flank."On your knees." Loki uttered the words usually reserved for those who were receiving pleasure instead of giving. His green eyes were nearly black.Tony obliged, shifting forward and onto his knees to angle his groin at Loki's waiting mouth. He untangled his hand from Loki's hair and moved it back to join the other to balance himself. The new position moved his hands up as well, now one was on Loki's tensed thigh and the other found the straining bulge evident of Loki's desire.Instead of swallowing Tony whole, which was what Tony had expected given the near-crazed look on Loki's face, Loki opted to leave a line of bites up and down the underside of Tony's cock. With the occasional flick of his tongue along the vein there.Tony moaned, loud and wanton, the equivalent of please in one drawn out sound."Delicious." Loki murmured, lips brushing teasingly at the tip, moistened and glistening by the steady drip of precum. The sight of those red lips made Tony clench his hands instinctively, making Loki keen and thrust his cock into Tony's palm. The sound was still lingering in the air when Loki opened his jaw and tilted his head, engulfing most of Tony into his mouth."Yes!" Tony cried out, fingers spasming and rubbing along Loki's hardness. "Yes! Oh god, yes!"Loki pulled back, holding just the head between his blunt teeth and winked wickedly at Tony."Like that, did you?" Tony teased, both by pressing the heel of his hand against the underside of Loki's cock and wiggling his hips so Loki could feel the taut muscles of his ass.Loki merely nodded then used his tongue to smear the precum across the sensitive tip before sucking it off with deliberate enthusiasm."Oh god." Tony strained to keep his head upright, enjoying the sight of those sharp cheekbones, made sharper by the hollowed cheeks, and Loki's sinful mouth. His brain short-circ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
AUs
Missing Scenes
Oral Sex
Hand Jobs
Frottage
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Shower Sex
Rimming
Translation Available

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

