Chapter 1: The Silence
    




Chapter Text
 Chapter 1: SilenceSUNDAY"What the FUCK?"Peter swiveled around so quickly, it would’ve resulted in whiplash had it been any faster. There, standing in his doorway, stood Aunt May dressed in her blue checkered apron. Her eyes were just as wide as his, as shock swirled within them.May looked him up and down, taking in the sight of him. All the hard work of keeping this- for lack of a better word- absolute mess of a secret concealed, endless months of hiding and living in fear of discovery; all being unraveled right in a single moment in front of his eyes. Her face warped from shock to anger and she slammed his bedroom door shut with a loud bang.Peter was shaken from his shock as the neighbors angrily knocked on the walls, telling them to keep it down. A baby began to cry next door and the sound jarred him into action as he quickly opened the door and ran into the living room still dressed in his Spider-Man suit."I can't believe this. Oh my god." May muttered, pacing in angry circles with her hands on her face."May-" Peter began pleadingly. Begging her to understand. "No." May interrupted firmly. "No, Peter. You don't get to do this to me! I did not raise you like this!" She threw her hands up exasperated, then muttered to herself. "You're not him. No, You can't be." She said determinedly. "But...I am. I help people," He tried."No! You go out there and you risk your life, our life, of – of normalcy! Of anything being normal after Ben! Of even being close to normal. That's all I ever wanted for you, for us. After he died, it was just us and I did everything I could for you! But I guess it wasn't enough." she said hysterically. "You're just a spoiled brat! Never cared about what I go through!" she trailed off looking past Peter with fury in her eyes. "May- you're being ridiculous! Of course, it's enough! May, I love you! I know you do everything for me! ...But, I'm sorry, this is who I am!""No, Peter! You're it isn't! You go traipsing out there in your pajamas-""They're not pajamas-""Peter. That's not the point. I know you're more responsible than this!" her tone then turned pleading and she changed her tactics."You– you go to bed on time, and do your homework, you get good grades. That's the Peter I know! A responsible young man, Not Spider-man! I can't believe this," She took a deep breath as if to calm herself and prepare for what she was going to say next."I need the suit. Take it off, I'm getting rid of it. There will be no more of this- this Spider-man nonsense.""What!? No! You can't! Mr. Stark gave it to me! You can't just take it! And I can't stop being Spider-man! Queens needs me! Who's going to protect innocent people if I'm not around?"She turned angry again, even more angry than she had been before."That's what policemen are for! Not for little boys to go running around playing Captain America!"Ouch."You need to stop this. Please, Peter. Give it to me," She said."No."Her eyes smoldered."You don't get to say 'No' to me, Peter. I'm the adult here, I make the decisions. You will not go out and pretend to be some kind of hero. Risking your life. You're a god-damned child. You're grounded until further notice. Go to your room."He glared at her and she dared him to challenge her, but eventually he complied and turned to walk back into his room, slamming the door behind him. The neighbors again complained, shouting profanities in Spanish through the thin wall on his left. But, he didn't care what they had to say. It was not like he could understand it anyway.As they continued yelling, he threw himself onto the bed and put a pillow over his head in an attempt to block out the neighbor's fowl words. He wasn't a child! He was pissed. Half an hour passed and the neighbors had long since quieted, but he still heard their muffled talking due to his newly acquired sensitive hearing. The murmur of voices was somewhat comforting in the otherwise quiet and dark room, he didn't feel so alone when he heard them.He had rolled onto his side and was almost asleep when he heard something else. Now that that the neighbors were talking considerably softer, he could hear May pacing around her bedroom on the right. It sounded like she was crying.At the sound, Peter felt guilt crawl into his chest and make a hole- deep and aching. He sat up and frowned, feeling distressed. Had he made his Aunt cry? How could he be such a terrible nephew? She probably thought when he was out patrolling he would hurt himself, or worse, end up like Uncle Ben. But… he was able to take care of himself as Spider-man; well, most of the time. Plus, Mr. Stark helped him out too… well...occasionally. He pondered if he should go and comfort her. Maybe he could convince her that he could take care of himself. A particularly loud sob cut through his musings, alerting him that maybe he should wait. Let her cool off some before speaking to her so he didn't make her more upset than he already had.Suddenly, he felt ri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Child Neglect
Starvation
Gun Violence
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Dark!AuntMay
Suicide
of a minor character!
Blood and Gore
Blood and Injury
Self Confidence Issues
Self-Esteem Issues
Self-Hatred
Panic Attacks
Crying
Explicit Language
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Fainting
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Emotional Hurt
Manipulation
Depression
References to Depression
Peter Parker Whump
Poor Peter Parker
Mental Instability
sensitive peter
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt
Injury
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Drug Use
Recreational Drug Use
Drug Abuse
Eating Disorders
Triggers
Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Anorexia
Vomiting
Sickfic
Thumb-sucking
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Age Regression/De-Aging
mildy though
Mental Health Issues
Mental Breakdown
Mental Regression
No Slash
No Smut
Angst with a Happy Ending
no beta we die like men

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

