Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Puny annoying god; stay down!” The Hulk roared. The sound echoed unpleasantly in his already pounding head, and hurt Loki’s ears. It seemed to take forever before the Hulk generously left Loki in peace with his thoughts. He surprised Loki by jumping out the window with another loud yell, then mercifully all was quiet. The sounds of the battle were muted by the ringing in Loki’s ears. Loki shook his head to clear it, instantly regretting it. Forcing himself to concentrate, he took a deep breath and took stock of the situation.Frankly, he was shocked to still be alive. He lay in a heap on Stark’s ridiculous living room floor, where the green monster hand unceremoniously dropped him like so much unwanted trash. Splinters of wood dug into his skin. Surprisingly, he hadn’t been pushed directly through the floor.A part of him was mortified that the Hulk had been able to throw a god as powerful as Loki around like a doll. If his father was to see him now, he would turn from him in disgust. A true warrior of Asgard would never allow himself to be so easily defeated, not even by a gigantic rage monster. Not that it matters. I’ll never be good enough in his eyes, Loki thought bitterly. After all, if it hadn’t been for his father, he wouldn't be in this situation to begin with.Loki forced his thoughts back to the present; now was not the time to dwell on the past. In truth he should be grateful; he was thinking clearly for the first time in months, finally free of Thanos’ mind control. He had suffered much pain and sorrow at the Other’s hands.It seemed all he’d needed to break free was a hard hit to the head. Loki couldn’t help but be a bit amused by his current circumstances. How was this even his life? It was like a badly written epic. He smiled slightly at the thought, but it turned into a wince as he struggled slowly to his feet, ignoring his various injuries.There was urgent work to be done. This was his disaster to clean up. He could not allow the humans to be subjugated. Humans might be primitive and backward, but they didn't deserve to be enslaved. Walking out onto the gauntlet, he looked up to see the enemy streaming through the portal. The portal needed to be closed as quickly as possible. It was their only hope. Loki had no intention of dying on Midgard.Carefully, he gathered his magic around him and flew up to the roof where the Doctor he had enslaved was monitoring the Tesseract. Loki was making his way toward the Tesseract when out of nowhere the Black Widow came flying toward him, almost catching him off guard.Loki raised a hand and stopped her in midair.Damn all the luck, he did not have the magic to waste battling this woman. He admired her strength and power, but the norns knew she had been a constant thorn in his side. Even while suspended in midair and totally at his mercy, she glared at him fiercely, and he had no doubt that if looks could kill, he’d be dead where he stood.He looked Natasha Romanoff in the eye as he spoke.“I know I have given you every reason to distrust me, but you must believe me when I say I am here to help. We are in more danger than you realize. I do not have the strength to hold you for long. Soon you will be free. I was forced to come here against my will. I was under Thanos’ thrall. I was his puppet.”Natasha snorted in disbelief. “You’re right, I don’t believe you. This is just another of your tricks.”Loki wanted to scream in frustration. “You must listen. I am being honest with you. Did you not notice that many of my actions where ridiculously theatrical? Why did I simply not take what I wanted? I assure you, I had the power.” or did you mean “I assumed you knew I had the power”Natasha gave a short, humorless laugh. “I just assumed you were an inept drama queen.” She said with a smirk.Loki ground his teeth in annoyance, but he didn't rise to her taunting. He couldn't afford to let his anger rule him. “I fought the power as much as I could. I had few choices, but I did what I could to thwart my own plans. I even allowed myself to be captured, but eventually, my need to complete my task overwhelmed me. I assure you there was some part of me that wished to be stopped.”His power began to fluctuate, and his hold on his captive began to weaken. He didn't dare try to strengthen the spell, needing to conserve what magic he had left.He could see the knowledge of her impending freedom light her eyes, and she began to try to break his hold, valiantly struggling against his power.Without further warning, the spell released and Natasha tumbled to the ground. Before Loki could make a move, she had recovered and rolled away from him. In the blink of an eye, she was back on her feet. The scepter held tightly in her hand was pointed directly at his heart.Loki stared at her in disbelief. How had she turned the tables on him so quickly?She raised the scepter as if to strike him with it. Loki felt his desperation grow. She could do him a great deal of damage. The 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Dumbledore Bashing
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Crossover
Time Travel
Fix-It

fandom: 
None
