Chapter 1: Pockets of Purity
    




Chapter Text
Laura did not in a million years ever expect to see Toni Stark standing in her doorway. A thousand emotions sprung forth from the dam in her chest - surprise, anger, indignation, grief - but Laura had developed ADX-level defences ever since she decided to say ‘yes’ to a date with Clint so control came almost second nature. Even though right now she wanted to either scream or slam the door in the other woman’s face.  Instead she stood there, waiting, because she had infinite patience and was very determined to see Toni Stark squirm.She didn’t squirm, though; she stood there looking, if Laura was reading it right, almost confused in a muted, ten-years-in-captivity kind of way. She licked her dry lips and opened her mouth.“Hi Laura.” Cooper and Lila were helping her hang the laundry out back and Nathaniel could be heard playing with his blocks in the living room. With her children all accounted for, she finally took in Toni’s appearance from top to bottom with a careful, critical eye. A practical blue shirt she had managed to get her broken arm through, a pair of regular dark blue jeans and some muddy boots with frayed laces. Her hair was pulled into a short ponytail and looked like it had two days’ worth of grease in it.Through the window of an old rustbucket behind her, she could see just one bag in the backseat. She looked back at Toni, who licked her lips and frowned at the ground.  “I...I uh…”“The arc reactor that was in your chest.” Laura motioned to it with her chin. “Where’s the light gone?” “Covered. Wrapped.” Her words were jilted, almost choked, like it was a challenge to get out. “There was...damage.”Laura pursed her lips. “Clint do any of it?”Toni’s eyes narrowed as if she was actually trying to recall. “Um...maybe? I don’t really remember. But yeah. Maybe.” Laura nodded and grit her teeth for a second before forcing out her next words. “Where’s he now?”Then Toni looked her in the eye,  really  looked her in the eye and Laura’s ADX-level of control slipped just a little. “Wakanda. With the others. Except for Romanov. Dunno where she is.”“How’d you know about the others?”“I asked. T’Challa. He was very...honest about it.”Folding her arms, Laura looked at a point over Toni’s shoulder, somewhere indeterminate and safe, and measured her words carefully.“Is there...any chance that Clint will be coming home?” The reply came quicker than Laura had expected. It was also flat and emotionless, two things Laura suspected that Toni Stark wasn’t. “Yes.” “How long?” “I’m working on it.”Laura gazed at the shitty car one more time.“You can put your stuff in the room you stayed in last time. Dinner’s at seven. Please take a shower before you come down.” Then she went back into the house, past the kitchen and into the spare bathroom, sat down on the toilet seat and buried her face in her hands to cry.  The kids were noisy at dinner. Cooper and Lila were arguing about one of their teachers and Nathaniel was talking to himself in that almost-English-but-not language like most English-speaking kids his age. Laura spoonfed him at intervals and Toni stared unblinkingly at her own food until her eyes blurred. Water dripped off the ends of her dark hair and onto her bare shoulders and she could feel it, every cold drop at a time.She didn’t bring many clothes. She hadn’t  intended  to stay with Laura. Didn’t even really know how that happened but it did. She’d wanted to go...anywhere. Maybe out west? Maybe one of her dad’s cabins up north near the border.Sitting here felt like a sin, it felt wrong and sick. She had no right,  no right  to be here. With Clint’s wife. With his  kids. God, it felt like betrayal of the worst kind because how could she be here when he wasn’t? What right did she have? Like she was rubbing it in his face. Like she was rubbing it in  theirs.
 Hey Barton fam, I got your dad arrested and now he’s an international fugitive. 
Fuck.  Fuck.The hair-raising sound of cutlery across ceramic startled the buzz out of her ears. Toni blinked at her hand, which was almost bloodless as it gripped her fork. Her peas were scattered off the plate and on the tartan tablecloth.The table was eerily quiet. All eyes, including Nathaniel’s, were on her.Her mouth felt drier than a desert.“M’ sorry,” she breathed. “Hand slipped.”Laura’s dark brown eyes lingered on her even as she spoke to her kids.“If you two are finished go wash your plates.”Lila and Cooper scrambled to comply, obviously eager to get back to whatever they were doing before dinner. Lila caught Toni’s eye and smiled shyly, murmuring as she passed, “I hope your arm gets better soon, Aunt Toni.”She wanted to weep.“Thank you.”She ate her food pretty quickly after that just so she didn’t have to feel Laura watching her.  The inability to sleep the first night, Toni had been informed, wasn’t exclusive to her. There was something about letting yourself be vulnerable in a different bed, much less a different house 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Female Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Civil War Fix-It
Forgiveness
Slow Burn
Eventual Romance
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Women
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
B.A.R.F. | Binarily Augmented Retro Framing
Therapy
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Team as Family
Coming Back Together
eventually
Sokovia Accords
Avengers Family
Magic
Possession
Infinity Gems
V-type polyamory
Vee relationship

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Laura Barton & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & T'Challa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Kamala Khan & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

