Work Text:



There are a few universal truths to Tony's life – the sky is blue, gravity exists, e=mc





2





, Tony Stark will always love people more than they love him. This isn't self pity talking either. It's a proven fact of life. Proven, in fact, again and again and 





again





. His entire life is dedicated to this fact. Maybe that's why he tries to hard to break the world's impossibilities. If he can break the laws of physics, surely he can break this law too. He is Tony fucking Stark, nothing is impossible.



Nothing until it is anyways.

The lesson starts young. It starts with his parents. Howard Stark was many things – a genius, a brilliant businessman and a real charmer among them. What he was not was a good Father. There are some people who are not meant to be parents as they do not have the temperament. Howard was one of those people. Too busy and too impatient and too cold by all counts. Too blind to see what a gift he had been given in his son. Tony was smart and curious and a fast learner, always inventing. And, as any child does, he wanted that attention and praise of his idol Father. He wanted to learn more and make Howard proud. Too bad Howard only wanted Captain America, not another Stark genius.

It never mattered what Tony did, it was never good enough for Howard. There was always criticism and never praise. He would always tell Tony what he did wrong, but never what he did right. When he was around to talk to, that is. Most of the time he was busy with the Company. Other times he was out searching for Captain America. Even when he was home, it was always better to try to catch him sober rather than drunk. Sober Howard yelled and ranted. Drunk Howard got violent. Tony bears the scars to prove it.

As for his Mother, there is no denying she loved her son. She did. Unfortunately that was not always enough. There was always another charity to organize, another party to attend. Being the wife of Howard Stark required a certain image. Whether she agreed with that image or not was beside the point. She was obligated to fulfill it. That meant she didn't always have time for her brilliant – even smarter than his Father – son. Nor was he the easiest to raise. Not that he was bad, but he was so smart and so curious and forever asking questions.
Therefore it was their butler, Edwin Jarvis, and his wife Anna who did the majority of the raising when the latest Nanny didn't last a week. And there is certainly no denying that they loved that little boy like their own – like being the key word. Because, as much as they might wish it, Tony was not their son. They had no legal rights to him. They could not spend all of their time with him. Howard needed his butler more than his brat did. And when Anna got sick and could no longer work, Jarvis had another responsibility.A person can only be pulled so many directions before something gives. And as much as they hated that it happened, Tony was the one who got left behind. Howard was his employer. Anna was his wife. Even if she protested that she was fine, she still needed more help than before if she did not want to end up in a nursing home. And Jarvis refused to allow his wife to live in such a place. So while he continued to love and raise Tony, Tony was aware that he was not Jarvis' first priority. He wasn't family – not real family.
He never held it against the man and he fiercely loved him all his childhood, but that didn't stop Tony from knowing that he was never anyone's first choice. No matter the love and care his Mother and Jarvis gave him, he always felt a rift between them. And no matter how hard he tried, he was never able to cross it. Maybe the feeling was only in his mind, but that didn't make it any less real. Sometimes the things in our minds are the most real things of all. No matter how unpleasant they might be.

When he is sent to MIT at age fourteen, he naively thinks that this is his chance for a fresh start. More and better opportunities to learn, classmates that want to be there and a whole new environment to explore. It's too bad that idea doesn't last the first month, He is still too young and too loud and too smart. Others resent him for showing them up. Some dislike him for being a 'baby'. None of them are willing to be his friend. So he builds himself a reputation – a mask – of a playboy partier.

He knows how to handle his alcohol – Howard made sure of that. He had to toughen up his son somehow didn't he? Maybe he couldn't quite keep up with the others at first, but he could try. He was willing to learn if it helped him make... well not friends because these people only wanted to use him. He knows that. Still, it was human connection, which was something he desperately craves. And if all else failed, he knows how to fake drinking more than he really was. A handy trick he learned pretty quickly.

As for the playboy part – he is a teenage boy. Hormones running wild, what reason does he have for saying no to willing se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has Issues
Self-Esteem Issues
Trust Issues
Abandonment Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
People are Assholes
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Pining Tony Stark
Unrequited Love
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor Bucky Barnes/Steve Rogers
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
BAMF Tony Stark
tony wields mjolnir
Happy Ending
Translation Available
Don't copy to another site
see note for the links (Chinese/Russian/Vietnamese)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

