Work Text:
Thor is not stupid.
He knows many assume that he is. And he knows that he plays into that assumption quite a bit. Always talking just a little too loud, purposefully misunderstanding people, using out of date language. He knows that Midgard has a phrase 'dumb blonde'. He plays into that role. It is always an advantage when people underestimate you. It is easier to get past their defenses. When people look at him, they assume he is all muscle and no brains. He lets them.
It is amusing, how easily they forget that he is centuries older than they are. He has lived millennia on a Realm far more advanced than their own. He was raised to be King. Thor is not an idiot. (Of course, in the back of his head there is a voice that argues against this. He may be older, but he is certainly not wiser. Or has he forgotten his exile already? The voice sounds remarkably like his brother.)
Thoughts of his brother pain him anymore. To know he is sitting in a cell, no longer free to roam or explore as he like. Loki has always been the traveler of the two. Thor may have liked to go on hunts and raids, but Loki went farther afield than that. Much farther. He remembers the first time he disappeared for three days, only to return in triumph, having found a way to enter Vanaheim without the Bifrost. The joy on his face. None could stop him after that. His brother was determined to find all the gateways to all the Realms. He succeeded too, the brat.
It is even worse knowing the imprisonment is because he tried to destroy a Realm and conquer another. He has gone mad somewhere along that way and Thor isn't sure he will be able to find himself again. A mage's power is centered in his identity. To lose that is to lose control. Loki is imprisoned not just as punishment, but for the protection of others. For who wants to deal with a mad Mage?
Thor loves his Father and admires him for all he has done. But he is starting to see why Loki doubts him. Shouldn't his brother be receiving help, instead of being locked away? A mind may heal, but it needs resources to do so. Loki has always been clever, but is he clever enough to manage this without help? Does he even want to?
Laughter interrupts his thoughts. He looks on at the team as they gather around the table, eating together. For once they are all present. Barton and Lady Romanov are not on a mission. Banner is in the country and Stark is up from the workshop. Thor himself has returned from visiting the lovely Lady Jane and the enthusiastic Darcy.
Thoughts of his brother have been weighing on his mind ever since he returned to help this team. And because of one member of said team in particular – Stark. He had not realized it during their initial time together, but he is much like Loki. They have the same focus, the same sharp tongue and the same bright intelligence. They even share some of the same habits and gestures, which is eerie for Thor. If he did not know better, he would say Loki is actually Stark in disguise.
The reason for the laughter – Barton making a 'sugar Daddy' joke – draws Thor's further attention. Stark laughs along with the rest of them, seemingly amused, but there is a look in his eyes that Thor is all too familiar with. To his shame, he never saw it before, never realized what it meant, but he does now. It is the same look Loki had worn when someone made a 'joking' remark about the usefulness of his magic. Mainly – that it was not.
Regret turns in his stomach. Maybe if he had understood sooner, maybe if he had said something, then he would still have his little brother by his side. He can never admit it to anyone, but he misses Loki like he misses a limb he keeps trying to use, expecting it to be there, only to find it gone.
He may have grown too arrogant and too foolish over the years. He may have gone blind and deaf and ignorant at times. He was definitely too dismissive and unappreciative on far too many occasions, looking back. But despite all of that, despite what went wrong, he will never stop loving Loki. He took it for granted and expressed it poorly, but his brother was the family member he loved the most. They had been through too much together.
Even if the little shit had a habit of stabbing him.
Frankly, he probably deserved it half of the time. He is sure Loki would argue he deserved it all of the time. If not for something he did, then for something he was going to do. At least he never hit anywhere vital. He has half a dozen scars from it, but he was never in any danger of dying. Even during the invasion, it was not a serious injury, although painful enough. It is the latest scar he carries on his side.
It is one of the reasons he refuses to lose hope. He would do anything to fix things between him and Loki. He is beginning to see they can never go back. But maybe that is a good thing. Maybe they need to start over again. After all, the last thing he wants to do is repeat his mistakes.
Something twists in his stomach as their meal continues. Ever
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Post-Avengers (2012)
Tony Stark Has Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Feels
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Thor (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
But He is An Idiot
According To Loki That Is
(He's Right...)
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Loki (Marvel) Redemption
sort of-ish - Freeform
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

