Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Darcy wakes with a sudden burst of air and immediately regrets it as she inhales a lungful of dust, causing her to violently cough. What happened? she thinks, her brain muddled as she tries to lift her head to look around. A groan of pain escapes her as a cough sends shooting pain down her side.“Ohhh fuuuck…”She can barely cough out the words, and the room is in complete darkness. Darcy starts to creep her hands around her body, wondering at her odd position sprawled on her side, when she feels something hard against her. Pawing at the edges of the wooden feature, she realizes she is feeling the knobs of her dresser. The dresser that is usually on the other side of the room.“The fuuuck?”Darcy realizes very quickly that there’s no way she’s moving, pinned down this way, especially without knowing exactly what happened. Blinking back tears that she suddenly finds threatening her eyes, she tries to retrace her night.“I came home from the bakery. I showered. I went to bed…” Darcy coughs out the words and struggles to remember anything else. As the pieces begin to fall into place - a shudder of the room, a sound of an explosion - she heads hears a shuffling noise in the background and the glint of light.“Hello? Anyone here?”Darcy feels a surge of relief and calls out in a weak voice “Hey, hey!” which causes another spasm of pain as she starts coughing.“Ma’am? Hey, ma’am, I’m here to help. You doing okay in there?” the male voice is shuffling pieces of debris as he talks.“Apart from being stuck under my dresser, I’m grand!” Darcy yells back. “What happened?”“The building was involved in an accident and I’m here to make sure everyone gets out safely so they can assess the damage. Your side of the building was hit the worst, so…” he pushes hard on something and Darcy yelps as the dresser above her shifts the dresser into her side more. She squints her eyes at the flood of light his flashlight emits fills the room.Her room is in shambles. The wall where her dresser was placed has completely collapsed with the weight of her buildings upstairs gymnasiums equipment, which shoved her dresser straight onto her form sprawled on the floor… she must have rolled out of the bed. Darcy turns her head to see that her bed is a tangle of sheets with what looks like piping sticking through it, which suddenly makes her feel a bit better about being where she is.“Oh mighty Mew-mew, this was not how I pictured my night,” Darcy grumbles as the man begins to test the weight of the dresser and blinks up at him. All she can see is the silhouette of his body, which is rather well built, as the light is glaring at her from his hip.“Do you think you can shuffle over a bit if I lift it?” the man asks. Darcy takes a moment to see if she can wiggle her toes, oh thank Thor, she can, and nods. She’ll pull herself out of this room with her fingertips if she has to.“Won’t you need someone else to…” the words die in her throat as he promptly takes the corner of the dresser and lifts it up with one arm, a loud cacophony of protest coming from the debris above said dresser. He leans down, still propping up the dresser, and uses his other arm to help pull her from underneath.“Oh, sweet merciful Frigga,” Darcy gasps out between being startled at the sheer pain blooming down her side as the weight is removed.“I got you, I got you…” the man murmurs, setting the weight down gingerly on the floor, grimacing as the room shudders in response, before gently pulling her towards the relatively cleared living room. He shrugs off a backpack and pulls out a neck brace.“You really are a man prepared, aren’t you?” she grumbles, adrenaline beginning to fade, as he begins to wrap the brace around her neck and goes through the motions of checking her body for any damage. He huffs out a slight chuckle, shrugging.“I’m staying nearby and heard the commotion, so I grabbed my kit to come and help. Can you wiggle your toes?” he shines his flashlight at her feet. After her affirmation, she can hear the remorse in his voice.“Well, I’m sorry for how much this is going to hurt, but we really should get out of here and I don’t think you should be walking with your wounds. Ma’am?”Darcy is already drifting. Her side hurts, her head hurts, and suddenly the world is tilted as he gently scoops her up in his arms and stands. The journey down to the ground floor and outside passes in a blur of her staring through hooded lashes at the outline of his face, the swinging flashlight giving peeks to his profile. He carefully scales over rubble with her cradled in his arms, following a previously cleared path. The stabs of pain radiating from her side is keeping her awake, but her head is in a jumble.
Where did you come from?
A flood of emergency lights fills her vision, set with twinkling white flashes. The world is tipped at an interesting angle, and she feels the press of something underneath 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Romance
Guilt
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Timers
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Swearing
Mostly Canon compliant through Black Panther
Slow Burn
Kidnapping

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

