Chapter 1: Controlled Release
    




Chapter Text
It's a truth universally acknowledged that a dude in possession of a working dick is in need of a good orgasm. It's just science. Things start getting weird when you go through an extended dry spell. You begin noticing people in not strictly socially acceptable ways: the size of their hands, the shape of their mouths, the way their hips move when they walk and how that might translate to other activities. People start smelling good. Like, really good. You can smell the guy standing next to you on the train's skin, and your gag reflex isn't triggered even once. The gym becomes a minefield of Will This Specific Brand of Deodorant Give Me an Erection. You start to feel surrounded by couples, as though god himself wants you to know that everyone is fucking but you. They're everywhere, holding hands on the sidewalk like perverts, canoodling in restaurants with no regard for public decency. Absolutely shameless. But that level of weird has nothing on what happens to you when it's been two fucking years since you've been able to come at all. Bucky would just like to state for the record that he used to be a normal person who had a normal sex life. He thinks he'd be willing to give up sex altogether and subsist on self-administered handjobs for the rest of his life if it meant he got to actually orgasm.And look, the equipment is all in working order. He still wakes up hard most mornings, still pops a boner during his twice weekly hour of scheduled Adventures in Internet Porn prescribed by his therapist, Sam. He's just having a little trouble...finishing. Completing the mission. He can squeeze the trigger but he can't make the shot is what he's saying. Which is why he's here, loitering outside a nice brownstone in Park Slope, trying to find the courage to knock on Captain Come Control dot com's door for his three o'clock appointment.You know, just normal Thursday things. Christ. He runs a hand over his face, thinking briefly of turning around and walking back the way he came. Taking the train back to his apartment, back to his room, and closing the door behind him. Fitting himself into the dark quiet space between the bed and the closet and just breathing for awhile. But no. He's better than that now--he hasn't had an episode like that in nearly a year. And besides, Tasha would probably murder him. And he owes her for that time a couple of weeks ago when she'd come home from a work trip early and found him meditating in the nude, surrounded by scented candles with a Gentle Nature Sounds Netflix program on the TV. (It'd been a homework assignment from Sam. "Let yourself be present in your body," he'd said. "I don't know, man, maybe some candles and soft music," he'd said. "It'll be okay, Bucky," he'd said. But clutching a floral throw pillow to his wilted dick while Natasha looked down at him in mild horror? That was not, in any way, okay.)He'd been forced to explain his broken dick to her, which might have been a lot less embarrassing than I Am Sexually Aroused by Bird Calls, but was still fucking awful. But instead of giving him the empty platitudes he'd expect from anyone else, she'd simply raised one of those perfectly arched brows and said, "I know a guy who could probably help you with that," and pulled up a webpage on her phone.Because of course she did.And sure, he might never be able to look Natasha in the eye or be able to smell Creamy Vanilla Custard candles ever again without self-immolating, but the thing is he's desperate. It'd taken him a long time to rehabilitate to the point he had the mental bandwidth to even think about his dick doing anything more interesting than taking a piss. Now, armed with, well, a metal arm courtesy of Stark's experimental myoelectric prosthetic program and almost a full year of some very intense therapy with Sam, he's got the energy. He's got all the energy in the fucking world. If you were to somehow harness the energy of Bucky's desire to just fucking come goddamnit, it could probably power the entire eastern seaboard. At this point, he'd do anything to orgasm, up to and including paying Tasha's internet famous friend to edge him into a sobbing, begging, eventually come-covered (god-willing) mess. On camera. So Bucky takes a deep breath and knocks. When the door opens a moment later, he tries very hard to school his face into a blank mask, but he's pretty sure he fails. This guy is just so…well. Delicate's a good word. He's small and slight, bird-boned and beautiful with a shock of bright hair and the biggest, bluest eyes Bucky's ever seen. They're at once warm and assessing, and Bucky doesn't know what he'd been expecting of the man in the video with the thin arms and elegant, insistent hands that made grown men weep and beg, but it definitely wasn't this. "Hi, you must be James. Come on in," he says in that deep voice Bucky can't decide if he's attracted to or jealous of. (Both? Both.)  No one with those pretty eyelashe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Sex Worker Steve Rogers
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Light Dom/sub
Praise Kink
Sub Bucky Barnes
Overstimulation
with apologies to friday night lights
so many dick jokes
maybe too many dick jokes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

