Work Text:
It wasn't often Bucky and Steve got this, an entire evening that was all theirs.  No mission, no appearances, nothing and no one taking an hour or two of their time.  When they could shut out the world and escape into each other, fall onto their bed and stay until the next morning.  When obligations and duty and a million other demands took them away from each other, even if only for the day, weren't there as a distraction.Bucky cherished these nights for the rare and precious gifts that they were, the times when he could block everything that wasn't Steve's body pressing him into the mattress, Steve's lips warm and firm against his, the clean sunshine smell of him when Bucky buried his face in the crook of Steve's neck on the next push, Steve's cock thick and hard inside him, driving out everything that wasn't more and please and Steve.The sheets were damp underneath him, the small lamp on the bedside table providing the only light, but Bucky could see everything he needed to.  Could feel Steve over him, in him, scraped nails down a slick back to grab Steve's hips.  Deeper.  He needed deeper, needed more.Every stroke was steady, sure, just this side of what Bucky desperately needed, and if he could just get Steve to ramp up the action, he could –"Verdammt, Steve, ich brauch - ich... komm schon..."   Words spilled out of Bucky's mouth as he tugged at Steve's hips, urged him to move faster. "What's that?" Steve (the gorgeous fucking bastard) slowed down, thumbed droplets of moisture from Bucky's forehead.  "I'm sorry, I don't..."Bucky blinked, dazed and so close, he was right there, if Steve could just...Then what he'd said filtered into through the miasma of want, and he froze in place.  He'd done it again.  Lapsed, when he'd sworn to himself he'd never do it.  It was bad enough he could still remember every language that had been poured into his head for various assassinations (and that's exactly what they'd been, assassinations), but to taint this, what he had with Steve, the one decent and pure thing he had, with that brush?He couldn't.  He wouldn't.  The Winter Soldier could have everything else, could infiltrate every other part of his life and psyche and burrow his way down so deep there would never be an escape (not that Bucky ever thought he could), but not this.  Not Steve.  Steve was Bucky's and no one else's."Hey, hey, it's okay."  Steve stilled completely and ducked his head, brushed a kiss across Bucky's lips.  "I don't mind, it's just...it's hard for me to know what you want if I don't –"He couldn't listen to Steve fumble out a misguided attempt of an apology, when it should be Bucky begging forgiveness.  "It won't happen again."  He'd do a better job this time.  He owed it to both of them."That's not what – dammit, just let me –" Steve slid out of Bucky entirely, but before Bucky could even mourn the loss or protest that he was fine, everything was fine, Steve had rolled to Bucky's side and put a hand on his chest, effectively pinning him in place with nothing more than a touch.  Bucky shoved at Steve with his metal arm. He'd killed far better people for far less provocation than this.  "I can't believe you just stopped."Steve didn't so much as flinch.  He met Bucky's glare with one of his own, eyes flashing with disappointment and annoyance.  "I can't believe you think there's anything you could ever say to me in any language that you'd need to be ashamed of.  I don't mind, alright.""I'm not –" He blew out an impatient breath.  A rare night to themselves and the dumb jerk wanted to spend it arguing stupid shit, instead of going for a world's record in epic sex.  But then, Steve was rather like a dog with a bone when it came to making a point.  "I wasn't ashamed of what I was saying."He reached for Steve, hoping he'd catch the hint, but no.  Steve still didn't budge.  "Then what is it?  This isn't gonna work if you don't talk to me.""Well, maybe I don't want it to work, okay," he bit out, peevish and horny and feeling the dull edges of a headache starting to blossom behind his eyes.  He hated it when Steve got like this, hyper-determined and bullheaded about not taking no for an answer.  Especially when it was focused his way."Yeah, no dice.  Try again."Yeah, he should have known that wouldn't fly, either.  Steve knew better and always had.  "I wasn't ashamed," he repeated, then shifted, hoping Steve would take pity on him.  He was still hard and Steve was definitely still raring to go, and if he could just get them both back to where they'd been five minutes ago, with Steve over him, in him, blocking out all thought, they'd be –The space between Steve's brows wrinkled.  "Then what was that –" He stopped.  His face cleared. "Oh.  Is it...is it because you were speaking German?  You think I'm upset about that?"Bucky winced.  Things were always simpler when he had a weapon in his hand or orders to carry out.  This...navigating the tricky areas where the darker aspects of his past butt
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Language Kink
Bucky Barnes Feels
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
POV Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Protective Steve Rogers
Comics/Movie Crossover
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

