Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony is young when it starts. At first, he figured it was something every child had to experience. Something every child deserved for “misbehaving.” Howard had always been a busy man, that was nothing new to Tony. But when the time arose for him to show off his first circuit board at the tender age of four, he was no less than pleased to run off and present it to his father. He had expected a similar reaction from which he received from Jarvis; astonished and amazed that such a young child had the capabilities to create something that not even many adults could accomplish.Tony hadn’t expected what he received. He had hoped that for once in his life, Howard would be proud of him, of what his small mind was able to imagine. He hadn’t expected the first hit.Tony was sent flying back towards the floor, his creation now a pile of metal and wires on the floor. He didn’t spot the small crystal glass his father was holding. “Do you honestly expect me to be impressed by something so useless? What good could you possibly do with that pile of scraps?!” Howard spat out his words.Too stunned to come up with a proper response, all Tony could do was stutter out a nervous “…U-Uhm...” Howard tsked. “Honestly, boy, get out of my sight until you can show me something actually worth my time. I don’t have time to deal with your nonsense.”The small child, too afraid to look his father in the eye, picked up his mess and scrambled out of the room.*****Tony hadn’t tried to show Howard any of his inventions after that incident, his father too caught up in running his company to pay any attention to his son. Instead, he ran up to Jarvis in hopes of getting the approval his small mind desperately craved.Tony would show him anything and everything. From small robots to large display screens, anything Tony showed Jarvis would earn him a warm smile and a pat on the head. Anything was magic compared to the hard slap he had once received from Howard.For his attention-starved mind, that was enough.*****Anthony had managed to avoid any other incidents with his father after his failed attempt at a circuit board. He figured that he had done something wrong, so he must have deserved being ignored by Howard. A passing thought even made him think that he had overreacted to being hit; it must be a normal thing to do to children when they misbehave.How he misbehaved, he still wasn’t sure. But he assumed that if he didn’t even know why he was hit, that was the problem. Perhaps that was why Howard never spared him a passing glance.By the time Tony was seven, he worked up enough courage to confront Howard about an idea for a new piece of robotics. The idea was to create a robot like a pet dog in every aspect, the only difference is that his bot wouldn’t need the intensive care a regular dog needed. No mess and no poor behavior.Tony thought his father would at least be intrigued by the idea, as he knew Howard was never one to give attention to creatures that desperately needed it. (Could Tony be referring to himself? Honestly, he wasn’t sure. There seems to be a lot of things he’s unsure of when it comes to himself.)He had been planning out this bot for months, and he already had the blueprints for his first prototype. Tony was rather proud of how authentic he knew his robo-dog would act. He had designed it, after all. Less than perfection was unacceptable.Tony took his time reaching Howard’s lab. Last time, he had been too excited, too fast. He thought maybe he was hit because of his eagerness. That kind of behavior was only suited for a child, and Tony was seven! Far too old to act like that. No wonder his father had been so angry.Clutching the blueprints to his small chest, the brown-eyed boy stepped into his father’s lab.“D-dad? I have something important to show you…” He started out nervously. Howard’s head snapped towards him, almost shocked to see his son in his presence.Now with Howard’s attention, Tony spoke with more confidence. “I’ve been working on a new bot. It’s meant to behave just like a regular dog, except without the mess or responsibility a real dog would have. I think it’d really benefit Stark Industries to have more things suited for public use, instead of mainly military.”Howard continued to stare, not uttering a word.Tony took that as motivation to continue. He held out his blueprints, silently hoping his father would take them.He did. Tony counted that as a small victory.Howard unfurled the length of the paper, revealing the prototype Tony had spent countless sleepless nights perfecting. Tony could feel his palms grow sweaty. The anticipation of waiting for Howard’s response was gut-wrenching. His confidence wavered. “Dad? Do you think this would be useful?” The silence that followed was terrifying. He should have expected the first slap. (Tony tried calculating what he did wrong. He couldn’t come up with an answer.) 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Alternate Universe - High School
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Kid Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Bullying
Insecure Tony
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Abuse
Nightmares
Panic Attacks
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

