Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony has absolutely no interest in this marriage but his mom seems to think this is a good idea. “I worked hard on finding someone you would actually get along with, Tony. I’m sure you will be happy,” she says.
Happy with someone in some random foreign nation that he’s never met before? Yeah, he gives his mom an incredulous look for that. “Something tells me this isn’t going to end well, but it’s only the rest of my life,” he mumbles. He only has to spend his entire life with some random guy, that’d been a shock, from Wakanda. The nation has been closed off for like… a ridiculously long time and now he was supposed to trust being in this country? He doesn’t even trust countries he’s spent a lot of time in- its not like omegas were treated very well basically anywhere. But hey, they were no longer regularly beaten or worse for not immediately following alpha’s instructions, what more could they want?
“Tony,” Maria says, “I did my research. T’Challa is a good match for you, you’ll get along quite well.” She looks like she believes that but Tony doesn’t, why would he? Its not like he’s ever really looked forward to being married off like he was a cow to be given away. He doesn’t care how polite T’Challa might be; he was still being used as a trading device. Its not like this was a marriage that developed out of anything but trade agreements and he personally doesn’t care for being a trading tool. He’s a damn person, not a way to sign a contract.
“I’m being used as a way for America to get resources, mom, T’Challa could be the best person on this entire planet but that wouldn’t change how insulting this is.” If he could leave he would, but there weren’t many places that were inhabitable anymore. So with limited options he’s stuck with this because it was slightly better than just dying in a desert.
“We’re doing what we need to, Tony,” she says softly. “I’m trying to make this as painless for you as possible.”
He doesn’t actually doubt that. “If you really wanted to make this painless you wouldn’t allow me to be used as a trade object. What fucking century is this? So much for omegas having rights,” he says, rolling his eyes.
“Tony we all need to do our parts,” Maria says and he lets out a harsh laugh.
“And my part is to be some random guy’s trophy husband so America can try and get vibranium. Nice.” If he could help it, and he’s more than prepared to try his best, America wouldn’t get any useful resource from Wakanda. That’s what they would get for deciding that he was an acceptable way to try and instill trade agreements.
*
T’Challa isn’t exactly sure about this marriage but his father insisted and he maybe loves his father a little too much given that he agreed to this. Shuri throws herself on his bed and lets out a long groan, “can you please get married fast, this corset is uncomfortable,” she tells him.
“I don’t care about your corset,” he says bluntly, ignoring the way she flipped him off. “I am about to marry a stranger from a foreign nation, Shuri. I don’t know what to expect. What if he hates me? What if I hate him? What if he’s racist?” he asks. That was not usually a concern of his but in this case it was pertinent.
Shuri shrugs, “if he’s racist we can make his murder look like an accident. And if he hates you he has good taste,” she says. He throws a scarf off his desk at her and makes an irritated noise when she catches it and throws it off his bed. “Seriously T’Challa, I’m sure you will figure this out. You’re alright at that,” she says.
High praise from her given that she usually spent most of her time insulting him. “And if I don’t figure this out?” he asks quietly.
“You have the rest of your life, I’m sure you will figure it out at some point. You have forever,” she sing songs, laughing when he pales a little.
“Shuri,” he says, a little more serious this time.
She sighs, “T’Challa, you will be fine,” she assures him. “You’re a good man and you will make a great king. He is lucky to have you and he will know it,” she tells him.
So with this advice he leaves to go to his wedding ceremony and that’s about when he realizes that Shuri’s advice was awful. When he meets Tony he can see the resentment written clear across his features and the tightness in his body indicates further that he has no desire to be here. Behind Tony his father gives him a look, making a small gesture to speak with the man he was about to marry.
He steps forward and smiles, “I am T’Challa, Prince of Wakanda,” he says softly.
Tony- he knew his name because his father had told him- glares at him. If looks could kill T’Challa would have been dead nine times before he hit the ground. “Tony, no fancy title,” he says back in a clipped tone. T’Challa looks over Tony’s head at his father with what he was sure was a panicked look on this face and all his father does to help is raise an eyebrow and give Tony a pointed look.
“Technically you don’t get a fancy title here either,” he says and it’s clearly the wr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha T'Challa (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Has Issues
Insecure Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Sweet T'Challa (Marvel)
Awesome T'Challa (Marvel)
I Don't Even Know
we'll fuckin see where this goes bois
Cultural Differences

fandom: 
Tony Stark/ T'Challa

