Work Text:
He couldn't remember when he first started feeling the pull. Perhaps it was too long ago, or perhaps it had been gradual, something that crept up on him. But by the time he was sixteen, Bucky knew that the axis of his world spun around Steve Rogers in the worst possible way.
He wanted. It was under his skin, in his chest, in his gut, ran down his spine and into his dick. Like the pull of a magnet to metal.
That was why he couldn’t ever do anything about it. Sure, he knew (though no-one ever really talked about it) that guys sometimes went with guys, and if you were the one doing the fucking, then that didn’t mean you weren’t normal. You took a pretty little fairy home once or twice, most guys wouldn’t judge you for it. But the way he wanted guys, the way he wanted Steve, it wasn’t normal at all. It was powerful, like it could be overwhelming if he let it, and maybe he didn’t have any urge to put on a dress like a fairy, but he was as least as far from being a regular guy as they were.
So he tried. He really did. He had more pin-ups and dirty postcards and tijuana bibles than any other kid in the orphanage. And wasn’t like he didn’t like it when he was kissing girls, those soft lips and warm curves.
When he was fifteen he made out with Doris Baker for an hour and by the time she removed his hand from where it had been making its way up her thigh and said she had to go home he was hard, and warm to his toes. He thought then that perhaps he could cure himself, all he needed was some more time around girls. Then he sneaked back into the dorm, and Steve looked up at him from where he was lying drawing on his bed and smiled, and Bucky felt that smile like electricity in his bones.
Perhaps he should have known then that he was a lost cause.
It didn’t stop him trying.
He knew he looked good, learned the smiles and looks that would make the girls blush and giggle. He liked dancing well enough, and knew the girls liked a man who could dance, so put effort into getting better at it. He dressed as sharp as could be done with orphanage clothes, and flirted with any pretty girl who so much as glanced in his direction. He paid attention as well, what worked and what didn’t. Most of the guys he knew, they’d go out looking for dames in a pack. He watched the girls’ reactions, and realized that a pack of guys scared some girls off. So if he was out with a bunch of guys, he’d split if he wanted to talk with a girl.
The other guys punched him in the arm, ribbed him about being a ladies’ man, asked him what his secret was. Bucky always grinned and said something about being too damn handsome for any girl to resist, even as his stomach turned at the idea of his real secret ever getting known.
He thought that if he could get Steve a girl, that would help as well. But - it wasn’t like Steve was completely uninterested, he talked about wanting a girl to look at him like they looked at Bucky, but he never seemed really enthusiastic. Sometimes Steve would come out with the guys, and that was worse, because he’d tell them off for catcalling dames, saying it wasn’t respectful, and they’d round on Steve, mock him for being a “proper li’l gentleman”.
Bucky hated that more than anything. Steve was worth more than a hundred of them. He was a fucking diamond in a place like this, clever and talented and kind, brave and good to the core (and stupid and liable to get himself hurt). But the other jerks he knew, they just wanted to pull that down, get everyone down to their cesspool level where the only thing to look forward to was the next fight or drink or fuck.
Bucky lost his virginity a few months before leaving the orphanage. Her name was Norma, a few years older than him, a girl he’d known since before his mom had died. He hadn’t intended anything to happen, had just seen her looking unhappy in a bar and gone to talk to her. Turned out that she’d let her fiance go all the way with her, had hated every minute of it, and now had serious cold feet about marriage, “an’ I can’t tell any of the girls because they said he was no good. Jeez, Bucky, I’m thinking of joining a nunnery.”
“Seriously? Becoming a penguin can’t be better than faking a headache for the next thirty years.”
She laughed, and he bought her another drink. They were both pretty drunk when they left the bar, and Bucky steered her back to her apartment. When they got there, she pulled him into the shadow of the doorway and kissed him, then said, “Mary’s gone to her aunt’s. Nobody else home. Come upstairs.”
“You spent the whole evening telling me you didn’t like it, and now-”
“And now I gotta convince myself that I ain’t gonna go make myself a penguin.”
Bucky had spent a lot of time researching the territory. He’d hoped that the more detail he could add to his fantasies of women, the less often they’d slide into being guys (and one skinny guy in particular). He’d read books that sternly informed the reader that they should only be seen by medical professionals and marrie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
First Time
Pre-War
Period-Typical Homophobia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

