Chapter 1: First Meeting
    




Chapter Text
Don't go to this bank, kid. It's dangerous. Peter remembered the stern, yet fatherly, voice of Mr Stark. It came back in his mind at that moment, and for once, he admitted deep down that Tony was right: he shouldn't have disobeyed him, and rushed headlong into danger. The worst part of all of this was that he had been so in a hurry that he got out without his suit built by Tony. He just put an amateur mask on his head to cover his face, and he ran to save citizens from a classic robbery.  Well, nothing turned out the way it was supposed to. Peter was caught by surprise, and he got thrown of a roof. In fact, he was still new, unprepared and inexperienced, so it was not a big surprise for him to fail. However, when he landed, he felt the shock. The back of his head hit the ground so brutally that he heard a horrible CRACK, and pain suddenly overwhelmed him. He gasped through pain and shock, and he felt tears running down his cheeks. He kept blinking, but he still couldn't see correctly. Everything was blurry. He tried to move, to force his weak limbs to react, to do something, anything in fact, but his body didn't obey him and stayed still. He tried to open his mouth to call for help, but nothing came out.He was laying alone in a street, trapped by his own injury, helpless. This obvious fact hit him hard. His chest burst with agony, as if someone had shoved a metal beam through his ribcage. He knew what it was: It was guilt, mixed with panic. A really painful guilt, eating him up inside. Tony, Ned, Aunt May... He was going to abandon them, just because he was too weak to resist, and too stupid not to listen to Tony when he had to. It hurt more than the bloody wound on the back of his head. He couldn't hold back a sob. Suddenly, he heard rapid footsteps approaching him. Someone knelt near him, and a blurry face appeared just above him. Peter blinked, but he couldn't see his face. He was just seeing... red. “Hey, kid. Listen to me, focus on my voice,” A male voice commanded. This voice was deep, clinical, and, to Peter's surprise, very calm, as if this mysterious man was used to dealing with dying people. “Who... a-a-are you ?” Peter asked with a shaking voice, a bit panicked. He even tried to pull away from the man, a weak attempt at defense, but solid hands strongly cupped his head to keep it still. Not violently, though. Just firmly, “Don't move.”Even if he wanted to, Peter couldn't even wiggle his toes. He would have probably answered that if he could've talked, or roll his eyes if he was not in bad shape. Suddenly, he felt that his mask was being slowly removed. The man didn't remove it entirely, but enough to reveal Peter's face, though.“No..." Peter croaked, panic compressing his heavy chest. His secret identity needed to be preserved. Nobody could know! "Let me g-go...” “Relax, kid. I won't hurt you,” The adult's tone was slow and measured. Peter felt hands running over his limbs, perhaps to check if there were other evident injuries. “Where does it hurt?” The voice asked coldly, with a bit of emergency. Peter didn't even realize that he was still sobbing. His tears clouded his vision, just as pain overwhelmed his mind, body, and spirit. His head was throbbing. “H-head...” He managed to pant out.He heard the mysterious man curse under his breath. This answer was probably what he feared. That alarmed Peter even more. However, he slowly stopped thinking. His eyelids being suddenly too heavy, he slowly closed his eyes. He felt too tired to keep them open. Right now, he really wanted to sleep, to let the darkness take him... Sadly for him, the mysterious adult didn't agree.“No, no, no. Stay with me, kid.”Peter felt a gentle hand covering his sweaty forehead, and he heard the man quickly mumble in an unknown language. The kid's rational part deduced that was Latin, but he still couldn't understand what this dude was doing to him.He suddenly felt a warm sensation on his forehead, which traveled within his head, until it touched the precise location of his injury. It wasn't unpleasant, it was even quite the opposite given that pain slowly reduced. His thoughts became clearer.Peter couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief, and his body instinctively relaxed and stopped shaking. However, he had no clue about what this man was doing or who he was, so it made him feel even more anxious, “No... Stop...” He tried to sound threatening, but it was just a weak and pathetic protest. Almost a begging one.“Kid, it's OK,” The man whispered, but this time, he sounded softer than before. Less... robotic, perhaps. Peter's hissing breathing showed that he was still afraid, so the deep voice, quiet and hypnotic, continued to calm him down, “I mean you no harm. I'm curing you. You're gonna be fine. Breathe slowly.” And Peter obeyed, despite his fear and his distrust: He forced his breathing to slow down, and he forced himself to get rid of some dark thoughts about his imminent death.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Friendship
Slow Trust
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Humor
Fluff and Angst
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Help
Support
Mentor/Protégé
Father-Son Relationship
Cute
Action/Adventure
Rescue
Tony Feels
IronStrange
Team as Family
Tony Being Tony
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Stephen Strange
Father Figures
Slow Burn
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Bisexual Tony Stark
Bisexual Stephen Strange

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

