Chapter 1: Bonding or not bonding?
    




Chapter Text

  Avengers Tower, November 2014
He is trying to muffle his moans and cries in the silk sheets of his Alpha's bed. The man behind him is pounding hard, his rough hands are clutching his waist with strength and vigor. His possessive fingers sink deeply into his flesh and hold him down. The older man fucks him so hard that Steve's body jerks forward at every thrusts. He's completely electrified. His Alpha owns him completely and pins him down. He could free himself and push him away if he wanted but then again, he can't really. Steve may be a super soldier but when his Alpha fucks him, he's just omega. He always surrenders. The strong scent is so powerful and overwhelming. His brain stops every time, his mind only focused on one thing: please Alpha.His head buried in the pillows, the only thing Steve can hear is the clapping of his Alpha's thighs against his at each thrust. The older man grunts above him, pounding harder and faster, brushing his soft spot every time, sending electricity all over his body. Steve is burning inside, he can feel the sweat dripping down his spine. His own cock is painfully hard and dripping against his inner thigh. He wants release. He can't take it anymore it feels so good but it's so painful and frustrating at the same time. He's trying to lie his body down so he can rub himself against the bed. His Alpha won't let him. He knows it. He wiggles in the sheets, gripping them with strength, unable to stop himself from whimpering. He brings his fist in his mouth and bites it, trying to prevent his frustrated little whimpers from turning into long pathetic sobs.Tony won't allow him to come other than on his thick cock. He keeps his hips in place with a strong grip. Steve is much stronger than him but somehow when they are mating, his Alpha develops an unusual strength which is enough to manhandle Steve and make him do exactly what he wants. Not that he needs to though. Steve is very happy to oblige. He lets his Alpha take control of him completely, relishing in the pleasure, getting intoxicated with the enslaving scent.He's close. Tony buries his fingers deeper into his flesh, marking him with his fingernails and starts slow powerful thrusts while pressing his cock on Steve's soft spot. Now, Steve is crying loudly and shamelessly, he jerks his arms back to catch his Alpha's hips and pulls him deeper inside of him, as if it was possible. "Tonyyyyy...." It was the intention that mattered, Steve is very much eager to show his Alpha that he wants him. He was reluctant at the beginning, about expressing his pleasure, showing his desire. Now, he doesn't care anymore. He just wants his Alpha inside of him, filling him up, submitting him.Tony is close too, he can feel it. He gives one last thrust and Steve comes in a long whimper, spending himself on the silk sheets. His entire body jerks and his mind goes blank for a second. It feels so good. Steve is a bit out of it for a moment, mind elsewhere, staring to the stars, body floating. It's just a moment but Steve would throw away everything, all his beliefs, for this moment. It doesn't last unfortunately and he quickly gets back to himself. Tony is still inside of him, pounding faster. His grip is hard and painful for Steve now that the pleasure-induced trance is fading away."Pull out" he asks softly, head still buried in the sheets. Tony fucks him hard and doesn't show any signs of pulling out anytime soon.Steve pushes himself on his fists and straightens his back. He demands, louder. "PULL OUT!"Too late, Tony jerks behind him and bends over Steve’s back. "Noo-umff"His Alpha brings his hand to Steve's mouth and muffles his protest with a hard pressure of his right hand. The left holds him in position. When Steve is silent, the right hand slides on the side to grab his neck and forcefully pushes him into the pillows, pinning him down. Steve gives in and stops moving, catching his breath. He feels the growing cock spurting in his ass while Tony spends himself inside of him. He expands more and they're knotted. His Alpha is panting above him and he can feel his breath on his neck. He kisses him fiercely and nips at his skin.He's going to bite him.Steve needs to prevent that. He pushes his head with a gentle hand and protests softly, at first. "Tony..." When the Alpha doesn't seem to budge he pushes harder and the voice is louder, tone reproachful. "TONY!" The Alpha finally snaps out of it. He sighs on Steve's shoulder in a disappointed pout. His whole body slumbers on top of Steve, he brings both his arms around him in a loving embrace and rests his head on Steve's nape. "Why?""You know why..."Tony nuzzles against his neck, kissing him gently and he turns them both so they can lie down on their sides while they are still locked together. Steve let himself enjoy the loving and affectionate post-coital hug. He feels content and safe in his Alpha's arms even if he's never going to admit that.H
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Canon Compliant
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Explicit Sexual Content
Rape/Non-con Elements
Sort Of
Smut
Angst
Jealousy
lots of jealousy
All Of Them Are Jealous
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Pregnancy
Mpreg
Mating Bites
Or not
Slow Build
Love Triangles
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Dubious Consent
Knotting
misundertandings
Heavy Angst
Cheating
Hate Sex
Bittersweet Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

