Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Stiles was sitting in his advanced mythology class when the suits walked in. There were three of them, obviously government type, and Stiles spotted at least two concealed weapons on each of them. He couldn't help but wonder what they were doing in his class. He was careful not to react beyond mild interest at what would obviously be an interruption. He watched as they pulled the professor aside, watched as his prof nodded before stepping back. 
“Thank you for allowing us to interrupt.” one man said, going for kindly, but his eyes were too sharp for Stiles to find it believable. “We are here from S.H.I.E.L.D. and are here to present what could be an opportunity for every one of you.” and that had Stiles' attention. A recruitment speech? That was certainly unexpected. While the first one spoke, presenting the benefits of S.H.I.E.L.D., the other two handed out forms to the 40 students in the room, and Stiles couldn't help but raise his eyebrows as he looked at the questionnaire. What was his favourite colour? Write an essay on why movie interpretations were better than the book? Well that question was obviously to see how well you could lie because everyone knows that the books are always better. The rest of the questions though reminded Stiles of a psych eval, and that grated at him. He hated psych evals, but the short essay questions were amusing; if you could have any super power, what would it be and why? Explain why the moon is better than the sun. 
Letting his amusement guide him, Stiles filled out the form as if it were serious, because hey, why not right? He was definitely going to be limited in what a degree in Mythology with minors in Latin and Biology. Not that he'd been worried since the information was more for the pack than anything else. Going to MIT allowed him to apprentice under one of the most well renowned witches to help him train his Spark. When he handed back the questionnaire along with every other student, Stiles never expected to hear back from them. 
 
>>>
 
“You'll never guess who came to my class for a recruitment speech.” Stiles opened with the moment Derek picked up the phone, and he didn't miss the huff the alpha gave him. 
“Who?”
“S.H.I.E.L.D.” there was a pause, and then-
“The ones who broke New York?” Stiles couldn't help but laugh. 
“That would have been the Avengers, but yeah, they're technically the ones who got them all together. To be fair they also handled clean up.” Derek just gave a grunt. 
“Why?” 
“Dunno. They gave out a super weird questionnaire. Kind of a mix between a psych eval and a creative writing assignment. If it wasn't for the fact that nobody would dare impersonate S.H.I.E.L.D. in New York of all places I would have thought it was fake.”
“You had your myth discussion class today, right?” Derek asked then, and Stiles couldn't help his smile.
“Yeah.”
“I don't trust it. As important as your studies are, they don't exactly promote an interest in a government agency.”
“I had the same thought.” he flopped back on the bed in his small room in residence, kicking his shoes off onto the floor. “But I filled it out anyways. Why not, right?” there was a pause and Stiles rolled his eyes. “If they try and contact me I'll call you, sourwolf. Chill.” Derek gave a low growl but Stiles just snorted out a laugh. “Anyways, tell me about the house – you guys almost finished painting?”
 
>>>
 
Stiles had almost forgotten about the recruitment form he'd filled out until the knock came on his door nearly a month later in the form of another suit standing outside his room in residence. He had his phone to his ear, Isaac on the other end, and stopped short when he came face to face with the unamused looking man. 
“Isaac, my man, I gotta go. Tell Derek I'll call him in an hour.” he said lightly, but he knew Isaac knew what it meant. If he didn't call in an hour, he was in trouble. He hung up, sliding his phone into his pocket, looking at the man with a raised eyebrow. “Can I help you?”
“Mr. Stilinski, you've been selected for an interview.” he was handed an envelope and couldn't help his surprise as he opened the letter to see what he assumed was the official S.H.I.E.L.D. letterhead. 
“This says my interview is tonight.”
“Yes. The university was consulted for your schedule.” and that was all he was getting apparently. 
“Great.” but the man didn't move. “Is there something else?”
“Will you need assistance arriving at the interview?” that had Stiles lifting a sarcastic brow. 
“Why, you going to wait around to escort me?” he snorted out a laugh, ignoring the slight narrowing of the man's eyes. “Thanks but no thanks, man. I can get there myself. But I'll make sure to let them know when I get there that you offered.” he gave a lazy salute and closed the door without waiting for a response, throwing the lock and reinforcing it with his Spark just in case the guy got any ideas. But after only a moment he heard the man's footsteps leaving and turned his attention
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Stiles is recruited by S.H.I.E.L.D.
Spark Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Post-Nogitsune Stiles Stilinski
Alpha Derek Hale
Emissary in Training Stiles Stilinski
SHIELD Agent Stiles Stilinski
idek what to tag this as
SHIELD doesn't know about the supernatural
I dont even know what I'm doing anymore
everything is trash
including me
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Stiles Stilinski

