Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

Solness: Now tell me what it is—the loveliest thing in the world—that we two are to build together?

Hilda: Castles in the air.

Solness: Castles in the air?

Hilda: Castles in the air, yes! Do you know what sort of thing a castle in the air is?

Solness: It is the loveliest thing in the world, you say. 

Hilda: Yes, to be sure it is, castles in the air – they are so easy to take refuge in. And so easy to build, too.
—Henrik Ibsen,   The Master Builder   
* 
 “I mean it, Thor, I’m going to be sick.”“You can’t be sick, stupid, you haven’t eaten in three days.”“I had supper last night!” Loki protested. “You had a piece of cheese and four dates; I counted. And if anyone asks, you also had two pieces of bread and some fish—”“Don’t talk about fish!” Loki wailed. “—and an orange and almonds this morning. That’s what I told Mother, and it’s the only reason she hasn't sent Eir after you with that drink you hate.”Loki leaned over and dry-heaved. Thor stomped across the room and grabbed him by the shoulders, the strength in his arms and hands already much stronger than any other ten year old’s. “For Norns' sake, Loki!”“I can’t do it,” he moaned. Thor drew his brother upright and straightened his court finery. “Why are you sweating so?”“Thor, I can’t do it.”“Why? What ever are you so worried about?”“It’s the Council.” “They’re Father’s friends. You’ve spoken with them often enough.”“Not in their chambers. And not with the Chancellor.” “What is all this fuss about the Chancellor anyway?”Loki moaned. “Why are you such a fool?”“Why are you such a quim?” Thor used his sleeve to wipe sweat from his brother’s brow. “Honestly, all this needless fretting. I’m going to be right beside you. You don’t have to say a word, and anyone who tries to make you, I’ll teach them their place.”“You’re so stupid.”“You’re stupid. Would you just tell me what’s the matter?”“The Council is important, Thor. The Chancellor is second only to Father.” “The Chancellor isn’t more important than we are.”“Yes he is.” Loki leaned against the wall, letting the stone’s cool seep into the back of his neck. “They’ve known Father since he was a boy. He trusts them to be in charge of everything. And they’re all going to stand there and judge us.”“So? When I’m King I’ll banish them all if they upset you. You’ll be my Chancellor.”“You can’t have your brother be your Chancellor!”“Why not? Father’s best friend is his. You’re my best friend. It's not my fault you’re my brother. Plus I bet you’re smarter than the whole lot of them, even now.”“It’s not what’s done.”“Can’t Kings do what they want? I want you to be my Chancellor, so you will be. Then you’ll be in charge of the Council and you can fire anyone who makes you nervous. Besides, if you do all that than I can still go hunting and battling and you can spend all day in the library and everyone will have to listen to both of us.” Loki shook his head. For the the life of him, he couldn’t understand how Thor was his older brother. “If all you want is to hunt and battle than why do you want to be King?”“So I can see everything like the Allfather can. How fun will that be?”“Heimdall can see everything. How fun do you find him?”“Heimdall has to look at all the bad stuff. I won’t.”“It doesn’t work that way.”“Maybe not now. But we’ll be able to do as we please.”“No we won’t.”“Fine,” Thor rolled his eyes. “No one’s making us do anything today anyway. We just stand there and look well-behaved. You are well-behaved. So you really don’t have to do anything.”“They’re sizing us up.” Loki wiped sweat from his forehead. Thor made a tut-tut noise that sounded exactly like their Mother and patted his brother’s hair down into place. “I’ve been reading about it…when there’s more than one son, the Council chooses the King they think they can be in charge of.”“No one’s in charge of Father.”“The Chancellor is in charge of all of them.”“No, Father is. And we’ll be one day. We’re Princes. They’re Nobles. Plus we can fight. They’re old.”“You're ten!”“A fierce and mighty ten!” Thor started doing kicks and punches around the room. “You watch, brother, it’ll be soon that I best Tyr, and then I’ll turn my wrath on anyone who makes you so nervous you skip your dinner! ‘A delicious drink, you say, Eir? To Muspelheim with your drink!’” Thor made a striking motion, than a gushing sound waving his hands about to indicate splatter. “See? The evil drink, vanquished!”“I hate you,” Loki said, smiling in spite of himself. His brother was horribly stupid, and arrogant, and naive, and utterly maddening…and oh how Loki loved him. And hated him all the more for knowing it, like now, when he’s grinning wickedly and pleased that he made his brother happy, even for a moment. “You see? There’s nothing to fear. You’re smart, I’m strong. We can do anything together, brother, I know it. Just trust me, you’ll see.”Loki couldn’t help but smile again, while Thor beamed at him like it was the greatest day of their lives. T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Epic Bromance
Canon Divergence - Thor (2011)
King Loki (Marvel)
King Thor (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s Good Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s Bad Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s Parenting
BAMF Thor (Marvel)
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Fix-It of Sorts
Canon-Typical Violence
Blood and Violence

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

