Chapter 1: A Warning
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
MIT, Boston, 1987
A sound woke Tony Stark up.He lifted his head from the pillow – he supposed Rhodey must have rolled him into bed because he didn’t remember moving and he was still in his band t-shirt and jeans. A light glow got his attention though. He turned his head. The glow was coming from under the door – light green in colour. He got the strangest sensation he was being called.Rolling out of bed, he walked to the door and out into the hall. He stopped, startled to see two figures. One was an attractive young woman, blonde, blue-eyed, and shapely. The other wore a full-body cloak. The one in the cloak spoke, revealing themself to be a woman as well. ‘Is this him?’The blonde woman reached out and grasped Tony’s wrist. A sudden warmth shot through all of Tony’s nerve endings. His line of vision coloured orange for just a moment. The strangest images filled his head – things that made no sense to him. The blonde woman nodded and dropped his arm. The sensation passed as quickly as it had come. ‘It is. What is your name?’Tony swallowed, not even thinking about how odd it was that someone didn’t know him. ‘Tony Stark. Who are you?’‘We are the personifications of Life and Death in the Universe, Tony Stark.’ The blonde woman gave him a wry smile. ‘On this underdeveloped civilisation, I expect you to be sceptical.’‘Well, I’m half-convinced this is a dream.’ Tony looked between them.‘This is no dream,’ the cloaked figure said. ‘This is very real. And I apologise that someone so young is burdened with this.’‘Come again.’ Tony shook his head. ‘If this is real, how come personifications for life and death look human?’The blonde woman smiled. ‘We are concepts given physical form and consciousness. Our job is to protect the balance of life and death. But, we are still concepts. Whatever your concept of life and death is, it is how you see us. You value life, Tony Stark, and you see it as a beautiful thing, so I take the image of a beautiful woman.’‘But death is an abstract concept to you,’ the other woman said. ‘You have not suffered the kind of loss which allow you to appreciate just how precious life is and how swift and merciless death can be. You do not like the idea of death, but you do not fully understand loss and grief either. I look about as good as I’m ever going to look for you.’ She lowered her hood, revealing a sallow, dark-haired woman. She wasn’t ugly. Just a little plain. ‘Once you experience death, and it will happen, I will take on the appearance of a walking, talking skeleton. I generally do.’Tony swallowed. ‘What do you want with me?’ He still wasn’t sure he believed it. He did in a moment.The blonde woman – Life, Tony supposed – turned and lifted her hand. Green energy flowed out of her fingertips. The green formed a circle and then an image like a high-definition TV screen appeared. In the screen there was an image of an ugly-arse, huge purple guy. ‘This,’ Life said, ‘is Thanos, otherwise called the Mad Titan.’Tony watched in horror as the image pulled away from Thanos and swept over what seemed to be a sea of dead bodies. Even though they were aliens, and therefore very far away from him, Tony stumbled back a step. Death spoke up, pulling his attention from the images. ‘He seems to think this impresses me.’Tony looked at her and swallowed. ‘...So he’s slaughtering people to impress a girl?’Death looked at him, amused. ‘In essence, yes. Now he wishes to gain ultimate power.’Life moved her fingers and a set of six different-coloured stones appeared. ‘These are the Infinity Stones,’ she said. ‘Each controls a different power. Each has different qualities. But gather all six and you become the Master of the Universe. Time and matter and life and death is yours to control. This is what Thanos seeks.’
‘And there’s one here...?’‘There is one right here,’ Death said. She pointed to a stone on the “screen”. ‘This is the Soul Stone. Of the six, it is the only one with consciousness. And it realised who was after it. Rather than become servant to one who wishes everything destroyed, it fled. It sought out a place to hide.’ She frowned. ‘Unfortunately, the place it decided on was within your own flesh.’The memory of what he’d just experienced came back to him. Tony slumped against the wall. It seemed, weird as it was, the only logical explanation. ‘What is it? Those voices?’‘The Soul Stone has the ability to absorb souls,’ Death said. ‘Any person in possession of it has access to all of the memories and powers of the souls trapped within.’Life lowered her hand and the “screen” disappeared along with the green of her power. ‘We shall leave you now, but we shall return in a week once you’ve had the time to absorb this information.’They both faded away.Tony tried to tell himself it was a dream. But it didn’t fade like dreams did. Instead, their words went over and over in his head. The implicati
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Team Tony
what if
Comment moderation has been turned on due to large number of trolls observed on Team Tony fics

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

