Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
The thing about dying…‘The thing about dying,’ Tony thinks as he lays on his back in a cold bunker in Siberia. ‘Is that I’ve never died like this.’‘Like this’ meaning betrayed by his friend, team leader, a family member of five years, lover for two of those, and succinctly murdered by him. Laying there, choking for breath, was nothing new. He’d died several times like that in Afghanistan. It became a sick, twisted game those that survived his rebirths played to see how long he'd last each time. Trapped in his suit with his chest mangled from the very metal meant to protect him puncturing his lungs from a blow dealt by the one man he trusted with everything he has, well… Tony thinks he’ll stay dead this time. He should stay dead. All Phoenixes before him had stayed dead after being murdered by a loved one.The thing is… Tony doesn’t want to die. Not like this. Not alone, betrayed, and left behind by the Griffin and his Werewolf in some HYDRA bunker in backwater Siberia. So he fights. Struggles to get out of his dead suit so Extremis can try to repair the damage, but his arms won’t move. Everything’s getting fuzzy. He can feel his heartbeat slowing down.He roars weakly into the silent bunker.No one hears him. No one is there beside him but five dead super soldiers when his heart stops.Snow gathers on his still face after an hour.And then… a spark.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
post Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Eventual Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Eventual James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Endgame James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Winter Soldier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Shapeshifters
Mythical Beings & Creatures
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Not Really Character Death
Extremis Tony Stark
Extremis
BAMF Tony Stark
Steve Rogers critical
Team Cap Critical
you have been warned now

fandom: 
post Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Eventual Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Eventual James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Endgame James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Winter Soldier

