Work Text:
 Peter wasn’t sure if the clock in Mrs. Harrington’s math class was broken or if it was just the fact that there was only 2 minuets left until the weekend that made time seem to move so slowly. Him, Ned, and MJ are sitting in the third row closest to the window, their backs to the SmartBoard and an opened notebook in front of them. The rest of the class was relatively silent, Flash having given up on his teasing for the day and was instead listening to the ignorant music now blasting through his headphones. “—if we watch Beauty and The Beast first we can have time to watch 101 Dalmatians and Peter Pan before we even get called for dinner.” Ned is arguing, his round face cut in half by the beams of sunlight filtering in through the half-closed blinds. MJ shakes her head, unruly curls bobbing in her high ponytail. “No no no, that means we’d have to immediately start the movie once we get to Peter’s house, and I don’t think you two losers can go that long without eating.” Both Peter and Ned share a glance, their faces turning a light shade of red at the truth of that statement. Hands fumbling, the young Stark crosses out the list in the notebook, sighing when the voices of MJ and Ned rise as they argue. “Guys!” The Spiderling says, holding up his hands in a pleading gesture and feeling satisfied when both of his friends cut their sentences off short. “Why don’t we start with The Incredibles and see where we go from there?” Both Ned and MJ frown, pursing their lips and think about the option for a second, the only sound filling the silence being the air conditioning as it kicks on. “That sounds like a plan, dude!” Ned finally says after a minute, holding up his hand for a high five. Peter obliges, smiling wide as excitement fizzles in his veins when MJ nods in agreement. Taking out his phone, the teenager begins to text his Dad just as the bell rings, the sound high pitched and echoing. Peter: Hey Dad, can MJ and Ned come over tonight and watch a movie? Mrs. Harrington waves goodbye to them as they all exit, Flash jostling Peter’s shoulder on the way out and making the spiderling frown in annoyance. “Watch where you’re going, Penis.” The other boy hisses, dark eyes narrowed with hatred. Peter ignores him, hitching up his shoulders until the bully was a ways down the crowded hall, his egocentric shouts just audible over the roar of the other students. Fixing his backpack strap, Peter catches up to his friends and steps outside, the mid afternoon sun glinting against the metal of the nearby cars. Saying a quick bye to his friends and a promise to text them what his Dad says, Peter hops over and waves to Happy as his Uncle opens the car door. “Hey there, kid.” Happy grunts as he closes the door, climbing in on the other side and twisting the key into the ignition, the engine rumbling. “How was school?” Snapping his seatbelt on, the young Stark smiles at his Godfather, watching the school empty as everyone makes it to various buses or cars, the ones parked in front of them beginning to slowly inch forward. “The average. Math. English. Oh! We did a really cool Chemistry lad today which was fun!” The car goes over a speed bump, jostling both passengers and causing Peter to bump his head on the window. Rubbing one hand over the stinging knot, the young Stark meets his Godfather’s eyes in the rear view mirror, blushing as the Driver chuckles. Flicking his eyes back over to the road, the grumpy man lets out a hushed curse as a phone occupied students nearly walks into the hood of the car. “That Flash—Happy says the other teens name in distaste, dark eyes becoming hard as he thinks of his nephew’s tormenter. “—kid still giving you any trouble Pete?” “Nothing I can’t handle.” “What does that mean? Peter?” The young Stark, pulling his phone out of his pocket when it buzzes, smiles at the response he sees. Biting his lip, the teenager shrugs, not meeting his Uncle’s gaze when he looks back. Dad: Sure kiddie, just make sure you stay out of the labs. I should be home by 5:30 and we can get pizza for dinner. Texting back a quick “okay thank you!” with a smiley face, Peter shoves his phone away, startling slightly when he looks back up. Happy is still staring at him, jaw clenched and gaze concerned. “Peter?” Making a ‘go on’ motion with one hand, the man begins to ask Peter a second question, but his voice is drowned out by a spike in the teens Spidey Senses. Letting out a hiss as his ears ring, Peter looks quickly out the window, blinking against the glare of the setting sun through the surrounding buildings. Shivering as the sensation gets stronger, the teen clenches his fists in his lap, feeling his heart hammering in his chest and confusion filling his brain. What the hell? Shaking his head, Peter catches one woman’s eyes outside as Happy turns out of the school. Her pale blue gaze, face obscured by a light green scarf strangely out of place for the hot May weather, follows the car as they zoom farther away, her a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Stalking
Kidnapping
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Starvation
Teenage Peter Parker
Mama Bear Tony Stark
Complete
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Michelle Jones Is a Good Bro
Implied/Referenced Brainwashing
Forced Infantilism
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker is a Mess
Major Character Injury
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Heavy Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Sad with a Happy Ending
Long Shot
One Shot
Additional Warnings In Author's Note

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Original Female Character(s)
Karen (Spider-Man: Homecoming) & Peter Parker

