Chapter 1: The Principal's Office
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The roof of his mouth throbbed as he signed the school entry register - he'd gotten the call just as he'd poured himself a cup of coffee and, like any caffeine addict worth their salt, had decided not to let it go to waste. In his rush he'd downed the piping hot mug (inscribed, 'My Wallet's In My Other Suit' in Comic Sans above some dodgy Iron Man clipart, bought for him by Peter last Christmas, before… everything) without a second thought and had almost spat it out down the silk tie he was Windsor-knotting. Oh well. Still worth it. He had a sneaking feeling he'd need all the energy he could get for this.Running his tongue across the blister beginning to form on his hard palate, he clasped his hands in front of him and ahem-ed for the secretary's attention. She cast him a mildly disapproving glance, so he bunched his lips together into a smile and raised his eyebrows above his sunglasses to appease her. "Shall we?"She led him onto an empty, echoing corridor with windows running the entire length of one side, casting bright early-afternoon light down it and overlooking the school field in the distance.About three-quarters of the way down, on a wooden bench, sat Peter. Tony felt the lump in his throat settle when he caught sight of him. He sighed sadly.Peter didn't react when he heard them approaching and just carried on staring directly ahead of him at the oak tree outside the window.The tree blocked most of the sunlight, meaning he was sitting in the only patch of shade on the entire corridor. If Tony were a poetic man, he'd have mused on the pathetic fallacy of it all. Flecks of light that escaped through the leaves decorated Peter's body and face. He blinked slowly, squinting when the wind blew the leaves and the light hit his eyes.  A few spring-sun freckles were starting to make their presence known on his nose and cheeks.Despite everything, Peter looked calm.However, calm, Tony knew, did not necessarily mean  at peace when it came to Peter.Nope.Calm in Peter Parker's world was a product of being forced through unbearable situation after unbearable situation. Calm was putting your head in your hands and saying nothing at all till everyone stopped talking at you and about you, finally leaving you to cry in private. Calm was silently waiting for the doctor to find you sitting alone on a hospital corridor bench to tell you what you already knew:  I'm so sorry, Peter. She's gone. We did everything we could.He pushed the paralleled imagery to the back of his mind when he reached him, going to stand directly in Peter's line of view with his arms crossed. He schooled his expression into blankness.Peter blinked up at him, eyes empty. He was twisting his trembling hands together so aggressively that his skin was going red. Tony's shadow cast him entirely into shade and it made it easier to see that though Peter hadn't cried, the  'yet'  was a definite lingering threat.He swallowed as if he was going to say something, with Tony simultaneously going to interrupt whatever it was he was about to say, when they were both interrupted by the secretary exiting the office beside them. "You can go in."Peter stood and went in, his shoulders squared and head high. A flicker of pride ignited in Tony at that. He followed suit, exuding as much Stark confidence as his worry-preoccupied mind could manage."Mr Stark, can I get you a drink?" The secretary asked before she shut the door."Oh, god, please. Tea, plenty of sugar. Thanks Tracy." He wasn't sure if that was her name.He refrained from draping himself in the chair and instead sat up straight, professionally, one leg over the other. Pepper-like."Thank you for coming so quickly, Mr Stark. I hope you haven't abandoned anything important to be here." Principal Ainsley was leaning forward on his elbows, hands steepled as though he was psychoanalysing the student-guardian combo before him."Nothing world-ending, if that's what you mean." Tony supplied drily."Of course," Ainsley laughed politely and leaned back, eyeing the file marked PARKER, Peter before him. "Well, I don't want to beat around the bush, so let's get to it.""I'd be grateful for it." "Well. I'm sure you're aware that Peter has been with us for just over two months now, and I think it's safe to say that we've had a rough start. Would you say that, Peter?" Peter nodded uneasily, maybe apologetically. He was jogging his knee restlessly.Tony noticed that he didn't actually look away from the hole he was clearly hoping to burn into the carpet. He swallowed when Principal Ainsley didn't resume speaking right away. Both men were regarding him and it was obvious he hated it. Realising this, Tony turned his attention back to Ainsley pointedly. Ainsley, taking the hint or not, continued."I like to think I'm a fair Principal, Mr Stark, and because of that I feel that Peter has had more than his fair sha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
I killed may parker
sorry - Freeform
i love her loads honestly
Precious Peter Parker
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Father-Son Relationship
Grief/Mourning
and the dad of the year award goes to.... TONY STARK
no iw spoilers dw

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

