Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I would like to once again register my objections to this,” Phil Coulson said to the room at large. He let his eyes play off of every person in the room.  “I do not think you're taking this with the proper amount of seriousness, and amusing ourselves by poking a beehive with a fully loaded and malfunctioning rifle is a very poor choice.  The BEST thing that will happen in this situation is that we end up running through the city screaming, 'bees, bees, so many bees.'   The worst thing that will happen is the rifle will go off and we'll end up losing a hand.  Or an arm.”He paused.  “Or a head.”Nick Fury gave Phil a pitying look.  “It's an exercise, Phil.”“It's madness, sir.”“SHIELD,” Natasha said, her chin resting lightly on her fist, “often has trouble telling the difference.”“That would explain why we keep you on the payroll, Agent Romanov.”“Wait, in this analogy, am I the rifle, or the bees nest?” Tony asked, arching an eyebrow.  He looked bored.  It was a rather thin facade.  Phil knew just what that muscle jumping beside his eye meant, and he wasn't looking forward to it.  To any of it.Tony Stark was in a seriously bad mood.“Things have been a little too quiet,” Fury said, rolling a pen between his fingertips.  He had an amused smirk on his face, and Coulson wanted to throw something at his boss' head.  It was an impulse that he was careful to control, because it came around every so often.More often since the Avengers Initiative had been put into effect.“We need action,” Fury continued, sounding insufferably smug.  “A little controllable situation for training purposes.  We have a plan for if you go rogue, Stark.”“See, I don't think this will be controllable,” Phil said, and no one paid any attention to him.  Clint gave him a commiserating smile, which was nice, but it didn't really help.“You mean, if I follow my inevitable path to supervillainy?” Tony asked, a tight, sharp smile on his face.  “Have I mentioned how much I love that there is a certain assumption that I will turn to evil at some point, and that everyone just accepts that this is something that has to be planned for.”  His fingers beat a rapid fire, rolling tattoo on the front of the arc reactor.  “Of course, I'm doubly annoyed by the fact that you think this is something that you can plan for.  That you consider me to be that-”  He paused, and spat out the word, “Predictable.”  There was enough venom in his voice to take down an elephant.  “You've been teasing this little thing for months, and I'm getting a little sick of it.”“Tony,” Steve started, and then seemed to have no where to go with it.  He sat back in his chair, sighing.  There was a pinched tightness around his eyes, thin lines bracketing his mouth as he tried to broker peace.   It wasn't going to happen, everyone in the room knew it wasn't going to happen, but Steve was going to try.  “We've done these kind of exercises before.”“Oh, no, Cap,” Tony said.  “We have not done this exercise before.  Trust me.  I would've remembered doing this exercise before.Clint and Natasha exchanged a look, and then Natasha went back to studying her fingernails and Clint went back to calculating ricochet angles in his head, because that was what he did when he was trying not to kill someone.  If his breathing slowed to a certain point, Coulson was going to have to find a deserted office.Sometimes, sacrifices had to be made.“To be fair, friend Tony, you do often speak of such plans, when you have imbibed too deeply,” Thor said, grinning at Tony.  “There are few here who have not heard of your intentions.”“Yeah, you can't just go around explaining about your supervillain name and not expect some people to panic,” Clint said,  his lips twitching just a bit.  “I mean, people without balls who don't know what you're like when tequila is involved, but still.  Panic.”“It doesn't help that your supervillain name does not inspire confidence,” Natasha commented, one eyebrow arched.  “Dr. Mildly Overcast is a perfectly good supervillain name,” Tony said, grinning.  “Long history of evil scientists.”“Not so many evil meteorologists,” Fury said.  “You're starting your own genre or some shit.”“I've always been interested in the possibilities inherent in weather control,” Tony said, shrugging.  “It's under represented, considering the damage that could be done in a relatively short period of time and a relatively small control area.  Effectively, it has a high ratio of bang for the buck.”“You see?  It's discussions like this that make people worry that you will, in fact, decide to attempt world domination,” Natasha told him.“That sounds like responsibility, and I really despise responsibility,” Tony said.“Okay,” Steve said, his lips curling up, “It's discussions like this that make people worry that you will conquer the world and then make Pepper run it.”Tony pointed a finger in his direction.  “That, Cap, is far more likely.”  He paused.  “She'd kill me.  That's not an exaggeratio
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Humor
training missions
SHIELD makes poor choices
Paint ball fights

fandom: 
None
