Chapter 1: Anger
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Clint's PoV
Clint Barton was furious. He honestly couldn’t remember a time in his life when he was last this angry. He was angry when his asshole of a father left him, he was angry when his brother Barney betrayed him for the millionth time, and he was angry when Loki forced him to attack coworkers and friends at SHIELD. But none of those times could even come to close to how he was feeling now. That terrible combination of fury and betrayal.
SHIELD was all a lie. The organization that Clint had dedicated his life to turned out to be HYDRA, one of the worst terrorist groups in history. Not only that, but they were plotting to kill thousands by using the resources Clint had spent his life collecting and protecting for the greater good. This betrayal quickly became the worst betrayal he had ever faced until Stark. Tony. Fucking. Stark.
Clint knew that Stark was selfish and that his ego prevented him from doing things that didn’t personally benefit him, but he never thought that Stark would consider helping his family as unimportant.
*FLASHBACK*

While doing a grocery run one day, Clint was shocked when his cell started ringing with the name “Phil” popping up. Clint didn’t hesitate to answer and definitely didn’t hesitate to shove his shopping cart to the side and book it to his car when Phil said the words he feared the most. “Laura and the kids were attacked.”

It had turned out that info dump on HYDRA wasn’t just on HYDRA. It was on both HYDRA and SHIELD. Nothing dumped had been encrypted or protected. Nothing dumped had been scooped back up before enemies globally were able to access them. Everything SHIELD/HYDRA had on their servers was released to the world. The files should've just been wrapped up with a bow and a card saying “Come and get your revenge”. And that’s what happened to Clint’s family.
Clint had made a lot of enemies during his time as a sniper for SHIELD and his time as an Avenger. And those enemies had quickly found his home, his family, and went after them for revenge. Thankfully Phil had predicted something like this would occur and had quickly planned a rescue mission. Thankfully Clint had been on a week leave for some family time when the attack occurred so he was able to beat those sons of bitches into the ground. Unfortunately for them, Phil wasn’t fast enough to prevent any harm from occurring and Clint’s beatings weren’t able to undo the damage.
His wife wouldn’t be the same from the attack and it would take the kids years to recover from watching what happened to their mother. They had held her down and burned her face, all the while talking about how she and Clint would never be able to hide again. They held her down and cut off her ring finger and wedding ring, laughing about how she should’ve thought twice before marrying a SHIELD agent. His poor kids were forced to watch as she screamed and pleaded for them to stop. Thankfully, those fuckers decided that witnessing these atrocities was enough pain for his kids and they didn’t physically harm them. But it would be years before they even came close to recovering psychologically.

Since the attack, the kids had to be sedated nightly in order to sleep. Each one would wake within an hour of falling asleep, screaming for help and for their mom, whenever they attempted sleep normally. The two kids refused to leave the hospital room where their mother was staying, terrified that if they couldn’t see her the “bad men” would come back and kill her. They were also unable to be around any men, including Clint. Even though Clint was their father and Laura’s husband, the kids were associating men with those who mutilated their mother. Clint had talked to a psychiatrist and they said that given the trauma the two children faced, it made sense for them to make associations between the attack and the world around them. The two children were going to need time to process and work through the horrendous memories. Clint tried to not take their fear personally, but it hurt that every time he tried to peek into Laura’s room to check on them that his children would scream in terror and would demand he leave before he could hurt their mom.
It was two weeks before the children were able to be in the same room as him and another two before they were able to leave the hospital and set up at a new safe house, one that was  completely  off the books. It would hopefully be a fresh start for his family. They had burned down the previous farm after the house was cleared by some of Phil’s underlings. Thank God for Phil, Clint wouldn’t have ever been able to go back there without remembering the atrocities that occurred.
It was during their second week at the new house that Clint learned of Stark’s betrayal. Clint was following the coverage on the data dump and was trying to understand what had happened. He knew that Steve and Natasha had been on the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Team Tony
Aftermath of Torture
Aftermath of Violence
anger issues
mentions of torture
Consequences
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Canon Compliant
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Happy Hogan
not SHIELD friendly
BAMF Laura Barton
Implied/Referenced Character Death
Not Nick Fury Friendly
Not Phil Coulson Friendly
Emotional Manipulation
Manipulation

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

