Chapter 1: Prologue: The Aftermath
    




Chapter Text
Nothing to LoseBy Ammie Hawk Disclaimer: I in no way, shape, or form own Avengers or Harry Potter. Summary: After a drunk night in Vegas, Harry wakes up in a strange hotel room, with a gold band on his finger that won’t come off, no matter how hard he tries. Panicking, he leaves before his newfound spouse wakes up. Prologue: The Aftermath Harry Potter groaned quietly as he started to wake up. His head was pounding and his mouth tasted like something had died in it, clear signs of an over indulgence of alcohol. One green eye cracked open, to gauge the brightness of the room, only to squeeze shut almost immediately from the intensity of the morning desert sun. After another moment, he knew he would have to face the day, as his bladder was making itself known.Very carefully, he crawled out of the king sized bed and padded quietly to the bathroom. Once he had relieved himself, he made his way to the sink to wash his hands and splash some water on his face. He felt marginally better after that, but opened the mirrored cabinet and found a bottle of painkillers. He downed three and leaned on the counter with his eyes closed, wishing he had thought to bring a hangover potion with him when he decided to visit Las Vegas.The twenty-five year old had been living in New York for the past eight years, since the final battle of Hogwarts. He had basically washed his hands of the wizarding world and disappeared to the States. He only kept in contact with a couple of people and then not on a regular basis.No, he had opened a little shop in Manhattan that sold teas and herbal remedies, read magical herbs and potions that were made Muggle friendly. He didn’t really need the money, but it filled his days, kept him busy. And while he mostly kept to himself, he had become somewhat friends with some of his regular customers. Which was the reason he was actually in Vegas at the moment.One of his more loyal customers, Steve, had wandered in several months ago looking for something to help him sleep. He was a tall man, over six feet, with short blond hair, and was solid muscle. He was a bit bulky for Harry’s tastes, but he was one of the sweetest, most well mannered men he’d met since moving to the States. After he had recommended a mild sleeping draught, disguised as a tea, they had started up an interesting, albeit unlikely, friendship. They never discussed many personal matters, but they got along well enough.It had been Steve who had suggested he take some time off and see the country that he now lived in, when he had admitted he’d not left the city in eight years. As an added incentive, the man had offered to watch the shop for him while he was gone. How could he really refuse that? So, together, they had pulled out a map and marked all the touristy spots across the nation and planned a trip.He had decided to start in Vegas because it was the biggest distraction he could think of. It had sounded like a good idea, but he’d only been there twenty-four hours and already he was regretting ever setting foot in Sin City.He could feel the painkillers starting to kick in and opened his eyes again. A frown marred his features as he caught sight of a flash of gold on his left hand. No. No, no, no, no, no, this could not be happening. He lifted his hand to examine the plain gold band more closely. He tried to pull it off, but it wouldn’t budge, even when he tried using water and soap. It was like it was stuck there by magic.God, he had to fix this, now. He needed to get home, and take a fucking hangover potion. First, though, he should probably find his clothes and find out who exactly he had ended up married to.So, as quietly as he could manage he made his way out of the bathroom and back into the bedroom. He wished he could’ve just observed from the doorway, but sadly his glasses were across the room on the bedside table. He contemplated crawling his way over, but quickly discarded it. If his new spouse woke up, he would face them like he had everything in his life. With that thought, he squared his shoulders and crossed the room.He slipped on his glasses and was momentarily distracted by the folded piece of paper lying next to them. He picked it up, but hadn’t managed to open it when the other occupant of the room shifted on the bed. Green eyes flew in that direction and finally landed on his newly acquired spouse.There, sprawled across the bed, still, thankfully, passed out, was a broad shouldered, bare backed male. Well, all he could see above the blankets poled around his waist was the back, he assumed, like himself, the other was completely naked. He was lying on his stomach with his face turned away from him. From what he could see, which admittedly wasn’t all that much considering, the man was attractive. He was fit, with a light definition of muscles, not overly bulky, which Harry highly approved of. His brown hair was short, and currently tousled from both sleep and their o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

