Chapter 1





Chapter Text
With his feet propped on the living room table, Steve was sitting on the couch, a book in his hand. Next to him, Bucky was curled up in the space that was left on the sofa, napping for quite some time by now. The TV was playing in the background, even though none of them was paying any attention to it, but Bucky had found that he was feeling more comfortable if the world around him wasn’t entirely quiet, and Steve wasn’t one to complain.
The volume was low, the voices coming from the speakers barely more than a murmur, and it was coincidence that Steve looked up from his book the moment a rather… interesting advertisement was playing.
It was an advertisement for Pull-ups. On screen, there was a baby shown sleeping in its crib while the narrator explained why this Pull-up was superior to any other kind of Pull-up. In the next frame, the child was running around the house with other kids about the same age, and then Steve saw something that really peaked his interest; on the floor in what must be the living room, there was a portable potty, and for a brief moment, it was shown how the unused Pull-Up landed in between the kids feet on the ground while the spot made it look like it was using the potty.
Obviously, they didn’t show anything indecent and Steve wasn’t interested in what the child was doing, anyway. It was the potty that made his cock twitch in his jeans, followed by a rush of heat shooting to his face at his own body’s reaction to what he saw.
Quickly looking away, Steve tried to focus on his book again, ignoring the sudden tingling between his legs.
After reading the same sentence for the forth time, he gave up on that, though.
Reluctantly, he closed the book and put it down onto the arm rest next to him, before closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose with two fingers.
He has never had any interest in those plastic things, although he had to admit that he had never really thought about them before, either. But now, the image of the Pull-up falling to the floor, the idea of using one of those potties himself…
Steve felt his dick pulse again, and despite himself, couldn’t stop his right hand from reaching down and cupping himself through his pants.
Next to him, Bucky shuffled in his sleep, and made a sound that reminded Steve of the yawning cat in one of those ridiculous-yet-funny cat video compilations they had watched a few nights ago at 3 a.m. when they couldn’t sleep. 
Embarrassment was making its way through Steve’s nerves, and he wouldn’t be surprised if he was as red as a tomato by now. He was a grown man, and yeah, he slowly got used to the thought that the whole age play thing they were doing was okay, that he shouldn’t feel ashamed about himself for liking it, but… fantasizing about using a plastic potty, while being in adult headspace?
He couldn’t say if it was the aftershock of the mental image from before, or his body’s traitorous reaction to his shame, but underneath his palm, Steve felt his cock twitch again, by now almost half-hard and gently pushing against its confines.
Unable to stop his mind from thinking into the direction again, Steve couldn’t help but imagine being little, being desperate to pee because he had waited too long while playing again, but only wearing a Pull-up because he was trying to become potty trained, so he had to hurry, quickly waddling into the living room and pulling his protection down, just barely making it, his pee hitting the plastic as he sat over the potty with spread legs, maybe even while Bucky was watching him from the couch… fuck.
With his breath hitching, Steve pressed his palm again his erection, trying to give himself some relief while at the same time doing his best at sorting his thoughts out.
What would Bucky say? Steve knew that Bucky usually agreed to any of his wishes and desires, too happy about Steve daring to voice them to say ‘no’ to any of it. Also, Steve thought, it’s something that a real baby would use someday, too, right? So, by adding a potty, it would only make their play more realistic, and more variable, as well…
Again, Bucky made a soft noise, coming from the back of his throat and Steve could have sworn that he was even smiling a bit in his sleep.
He really didn’t want to wake Bucky up, but the wish, the desire to own a very own potty was burning within him, and suddenly he felt like he couldn’t possibly wait any longer. Why would he have to ask him, anyway?
Quietly, trying not to disturb his boyfriend, Steve reached out to where his phone was laying on the table in front of him.
He opened up the website of their newly-found favourite store for… stuff they needed for their play, and, not even a minute later, a potty in the colour blue with sea horses in all kinds of colours and shapes on it was ordered, to be delivered within the next 1-2 business days.
Closing his eyes and letting his head fall back, Steve pressed his palm against his dick again, as if telling it that he took care o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Age Play
Explicit Sexual Content
potty training
Wetting
Omorashi
pee accidents
Diapers
portable potty
Frottage
Grinding
Intercrural Sex
Hand Jobs
Watersports
very very slightly though i swear they don't pee on each other's faces
Dirty Talk
Headspace
little!steve
daddy!Bucky
Daddy Kink
Kink Discovery
Infantilism
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Cuddling & Snuggling
Nipple Play
Anal Play
Bucky shows Stevie how to use the potty by using it himself
Stevie is intrigued

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

