Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I cannot fathom why this is the favor you asked of me.” Dr. Strange raised an unimpressed eyebrow.“Aww, c’mon, Stephen, it’s going to be awesome. It’s for my birthday.” Tony flashed his most winning smile. “And you still owe me for pulling you out of the Dark Dimension that time.”Dr. Strange eyed Tony for a long minute. “Very well. I have prepared the… item as you requested.” He handed over a box with a faint shudder of distaste.Tony opened the box and beheld the slender tube with glee. “So whenever I put my dick in this, I’ll be able to feel it in my ass?” He poked at it curiously.Dr. Strange looked ashen. “It is enchanted to transmit any sensations from within the tube directly into your body. Do not try it out in my presence, I beg of you.”“Stephen, you’re the best.” Tony grinned. “Now whenever someone tells me to go fuck myself, I literally can. High five, awesome facial hair bro!”“I hate you so much.” 
 Tony arrived back at the mansion with the box tucked safely under one arm and a spring in his step. As he entered he picked up a pile of letters from the mailbox: fashion catalogues for Jan, science journals for Bruce, fan letters for Steve.He dumped the letters onto the kitchen counter while he made coffee, then headed down to the workshop. Schematics to work on, parts to order, always so much to do. He’d been absorbed for a few hours before he surfaced for air and realized that he’d run out of coffee.He headed back to the kitchen to refill his mug, and on the way he thought of his new toy waiting for him. He could just try it out quickly… It was the middle of the day, but why not treat himself?He stopped short, however, when he walked into the kitchen to find the box gone. That was weird. He remembered leaving it right there - under a pile of letters for Steve.Oh dear.This was going to be awkward, but he’d just have to get the box off Steve before he figured out what it was. And that wasn’t going to be a problem, surely. It wasn’t as if Captain America himself would recognize a fleshlight if he saw one, and even if he did he certainly wouldn’t touch it. There was no way.Tony was walking back to the workshop to plot further when he shot bolt upright and nearly dropped his cup of coffee. He experienced the instant, unmistakable feeling of a finger working into his ass. 
 Steve hummed contently to himself as he sorted through letters from fans and notes from friends on deployment, flicking through photos and doodles with a smile. There was a package beneath that was wrapped in elegant paper, and he eagerly opened it to find a slim padded box inside.Inside the box was a heavy tube about the size of a flashlight in a nifty gold and red color scheme. Turning it over in his hand, Steve noted with a blush how one end was made of a soft pinkish silicone with a suggestively shaped hole in it.Despite what people thought, Steve Rogers was not unaware of the wonders of modern technology. He had been on quite the adventure when he first got out of the ice, learning about all the wonderful products of the future. And that research had, naturally, included a healthy interest in sex toys.So yes, he knew full well what a fleshlight was. It seemed rather odd that someone had sent him a toy with no note but… well, he always had been kind of curious by nature. He slid an experimental finger into the opening of the silicone and was amazed how tight and warm it felt inside. He moved his finger in a slow circle, and he could swear he could almost feel the material stretch and quiver around him.Paying more attention now, he pushed aside the papers on his desk and settled into his chair. He slid two fingers into the hole this time and enjoyed the sensation of the soft thrumming warmth against them. He removed his fingers and considered for a moment, head tilted to one side.Then he stood up, locked his bedroom door, and settled down onto his bed to try out his new present. 
 Tony barely managed to make it back into his workshop before he doubled over. That was… oh god, that was the feeling of Steve’s fingers in his ass. He bit back a moan and desperately flapped out a hand to a keyboard to send the shop into lockdown mode.He collapsed over a workbench as two big, thick fingers twirled and slid in and out of his ass. The sensation of stretch was smooth and familiar, but knowing it was Steve’s fingers that he was feeling was a heady rush.A pause for a moment as the exploratory fingers retreated, and then a gasp escaped Tony’s lips and he felt something much bigger and much harder pushing its way into his ass.God, Steve was huge. Just as well he was going slowly. Tony struggled to catch his breath as he was breached and felt himself slowly being filled up. He spread himself over his workbench and made himself relax, letting the blunt pressure of Steve’s cock push deep inside him.The pressure kept going and going for what felt like minutes, but eventually the shape inside him stilled and Tony gasped a fe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Toys
misuse of magic
Awkwardness
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Dubious Consent
Awkward Boners
Smut
Cock Warming
Masturbation
Sleep Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

