Work Text:






Steve

Steve Rogers died in a burst of agony and a cold so deep it burned. The nothingness that followed remained unbroken even by the disappointment of discovering heaven had apparently barred its gates against him.Then awareness stirred in impressions of light, sound and motion. A dream? Did the dead dream? He couldn't move, couldn't speak, but he heard, "Oh, my god, this guy's still alive!" Oh.


Tony

Tony Stark leapt out of the back of his car almost before Happy Hogan could bring it to a full stop in front of SHIELD Headquarters. He wanted to run inside and start shouting, but that would draw too much attention to him on a day he wasn't scheduled to be here. He forced himself to walk, smile and make small talk as he went through security he had helped design. Helped. As in if it lit up, beeped, scanned or did something more electronically aggressive, it had his name and fingerprints all over it. But he had no control over the humans with guns, tasers and a host of other small arms that he had, once again, designed. It all meant that while he could override anything with a computer chip in it, he still had to play nice if he wanted beyond the lobby.He was well known and given his connections to the place, unscheduled arrivals were more the norm than the rule, so it only took him a few minutes to make his way through, but it still had him seething internally at the delay, still made him wish he'd decided to hell with this and worn the armor.The moment he stepped into the elevator he whipped out his Starkphone and used an app he'd designed for just such an occasion to override all security protocols to gain access to a floor he was technically not even supposed to know about. He snorted at the thought. All familial connections to this fortress of paranoia aside, only a total idiot would think he couldn't make his own tech do what he wanted when he wanted. Fury was just lucky he hadn't decided to crash the whole damned thing or at least make the speakers blare the director's least favorite song over and over. The only reason he hadn't was that he felt himself as much to blame for this fiasco as anyone else.For almost 70 years Stark Industries had searched for the package finally found two days ago, only to lose it because Tony had missed that a couple of Nick Fury's minions had joined the latest team. Missed being a euphemism for 'hadn't bothered to find out otherwise' since Tony had lost hope of success long ago so why worry about who was or wasn't willing to do a turn on 'ice' duty? Worse, he'd been in Japan and out of touch until an hour ago, so there had been ample time for SHIELD to get its sticky fingers into things.When the elevator doors opened, he strode down the hall, projecting the sort of 'I'm supposed to be here' vibe that made a person seem almost invisible, even if the person was a Stark. It wasn't that Tony disliked SHIELD. He had far too many connections to it for that and, as far as secret organizations went, they really were the good guys, but it had gotten too big and too guarded about the 'secret' part in years of late for his tastes. Being naturally curious, not to mention paranoid as shit the last bit really chaffed. No more so than when Nick was trying to steal his stuff.He rounded the corner and entered the medical wing. Another turn took him to the observation area for the security room. It was empty but for a man and a woman clinging to each other as they watched the doctors beyond the huge window. For a moment bile churned in his stomach as he thought he'd walked in on the autopsy, but then it sunk in what he was seeing – doctors, yes, but doctors working on a patient, not a corpse. Alive? It had always been a possibility, but Tony had thought it an even remoter one than finding the man. Or maybe he could finally admit all those doubts had been his way of protecting himself against disappointment. In any case, for the moment he had other concerns. "Mum? Pops?" he said softly as he moved toward the couple.They turned and for a moment he saw the censure in their eyes, both too much a part of this place not to know he shouldn't be here, but it was fleeting, because, as he'd known when he'd raced here, they needed him. "Tony," Peggy Carter-Barnes whispered, her face damp with tears, and reached for him, her wedding ring glinting in even the dim light.It matched the ring worn on the hand settling on his shoulder as he held her and he shifted so James 'Bucky' Barnes could hold them both. Tony had seen those rings almost daily for 31 years, but right now they didn't symbolize the love between his mother and step-father as much as they did the reason pain laced their joy."He's alive," she said voicing the joy into his shoulder. "No sign of cellular damage."Bucky's arms tightened but Tony didn't miss the tremor in them. "He'll still be Steve when he opens his eyes," he whispered and Tony heard the awe as well as the pain. "We have him back. God, Tony, we have him back."B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

freeform: 
Alternate Reality

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter

