Chapter 1: Mirror
    




Chapter Text
His eyes blinked open, the world slowly coming into focus. He waited for a thought of what to do to cross his mind, but it didn't. So he simply continued waiting. A man walked in, gave him orders. So he followed them. The world was simple. He had this slight notion that maybe it was wrong, but he'd killed so many people it felt like such a meaningless task. He didn't hesitate. He used to hesitate...maybe, but he's not sure anymore. He doesn't remember that far back.
It was a normal morning, if it was even morning. He seemed to sleep for odd intervals. He got a new order and went out to the bridge. The strangest thing happened, he had a thought. I know him. It wasn't a memory. It wasn't anything. It was a thought. He didn't have thoughts. He just had orders. He couldn't follow through with the order after that. He tried but something seemed so significant after the thought. He returned to his chair, for the first time in his life, thoughts were racing through his mind. It panicked him. He felt trapped in his own mind. So he leaned back and let the machine take him under again. When he woke up he wouldn't have the thought anymore. He relaxed into the nothingness.
-x-
The man he was sent to kill took off his helmet. I know him. That thought again. Again? He'd never had a thought. Get the job over with quick and get back to the chair. The man stopped fighting. Kept calling him ‘Bucky’. The name resounded in the center of his chest, like it had found a home in his heart. He didn't have a name. He shouldn't feel these things. His fists kept flying. He had to get back to the chair and get these thoughts out of his mind before- The man stopped fighting and let Bu- him let him hit the man without resistance. It happened, he was curious. He wanted to know who this man was. How he knew his name... Bucky's name. The glass broke and Bucky relaxed, it was over. He could go back to the chair. But he kept watching the man fall.
 
Steve.
The name came into his mind on its own. Bucky watched the splash. His own name pulsing through his blood and claiming its place. Bucky was falling before he told himself to jump. Steve needed him. But it was more than that. Bucky needed Steve.
He pulled the man from the water, but didn't wait for him to wake up. Bucky left the man on the shore and got away, overwhelming amounts of thoughts crushing him. He needed space. He needed to know more about this man before he spoke to him again. He'd be prepared next time. He'd be ready.
-x-
The man was easy to learn about. His face was everywhere. It was disturbing to some extent. He couldn't remember why he'd never thought it was odd that his arm was made of metal. He pushed open the door to the museum and followed the nauseatingly bright colors to the exhibit. He glanced at the words and pictures. He seemed to know all this. It must've been in the mission debriefing earlier. He walked on, scanning walls and checking videos. One wall had a picture of the man and after a moment it faded until the man's face was the same, but his body was smaller.
Bucky stopped walking. Just like when Bucky heard his name and the word buried itself into his chest, this image was his. This man was important. Not the tall one, the short one. The weak one. Well, weak was a matter of perspective.
Bucky retraced that thought. Not sure where it came from. He let himself memorize the image once more before he turned around.

James Buchanan "Bucky" Barnes

 
There was an image of his face. His name. Words about his life. They were friends. Best friends. Steve was his friend. But the more he read, the more Bucky was sure that he wasn't the person he was reading about. Steve seemed familiar, but Bucky Barnes was a stranger.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
some Peggy/Steve
references to past Natasha/Bucky
Steve/OC for like 2 chapters
Steve/Sharon but only for a little bit
90 percent of the time it's steve/bucky i promise
but life and relationships are weird so theres some other stuff too
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
bucky/starlord for like 5 seconds but i mean...you are WELCOME for that

freeform: 
remembering
Slow Burn
Slow Build
the most drawn out love story everrrrrrr
im on chapter 31 and they still dont see it
sLOW AS FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDGE oh damn i shouldve said fondue
slow as fondue
nailed it
stevebucky - Freeform
Stucky - Freeform
implied self harm in the past during one chapter for a short time
shakespeare quotes
moulin rouge song references
ed sheeran song references
lots of billy joel
rooftop cuties
Pancakes
lots of star shaped pancakes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
some Peggy/Steve
references to past Natasha/Bucky
Steve/OC for like 2 chapters
Steve/Sharon but only for a little bit
90 percent of the time it's steve/bucky i promise
but life and relationships are weird so theres some other stuff too
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
bucky/starlord for like 5 seconds but i mean...you are WELCOME for that

