Chapter 1: Tony
    




Chapter Text
Tony likes to think of himself as a pretty tough guy.Okay, he still gets nightmares of Afghanistan—not that he’ll ever admit it to anyone but JARVIS, who has helpfully been providing him with therapy books—not that he’ll ever admit that, either—but, he’s been through some shit. He’s escaped from torture and terrorists (while designing an impossible suit in the meantime); he’s fought against aliens with said suit; he’s managed to deliver a nuclear bomb into space on what was essentially a suicide mission using said suit. Hell, he stood up in front of Congress and took back his own damn company. What’s scarier than a group of crusty old politicians who want your head on a platter?The point is, Tony generally feels confident that he can handle a situation. But this old HYDRA base is—well, it’s pretty damn creepy. Even the horror stories dear old dad told him didn’t prepare him for this. Tony hadn’t even known there were still HYDRA bases around, especially in the United States. He’d thought they were all in Europe and destroyed during World War II.Tony peers down at the stained, surgical table in front of him with a grimace. Leather restraints hang off the edge. Above the table sit circular metal halos with clamps and electrodes. The metal looks startlingly polished compared to the table.“Perimeter secure,” Romanoff says into the comms. “Nothing on the outside here besides gravel and grass. Stark, Barton and I are headed your way. Find anything interesting?”“Creepy, creepier, and creepiest, and no signs of humans anywhere,” Tony answers, scanning the room through his suit. There’s a cage in one corner of the room with a thick chain and padlock wrapped around the door. In the other corner sits a leather recliner that looks like it’s seen better days. Some kind of attachment is sticking out of it. Tony inches forward to peer at it, warning signals blaring in his head, and then snorts in amazement. It’s a dildo. A ribbed dildo, no less. Was HYDRA having sex parties down here?“Some kink,” he mutters to himself.“What was that, Stark?”Tony clears his throat. “Nothing, spy kids. Come on and see for yourself. I’m stepping out of the suit but keeping my faceplate on. Still no life signs anywhere.”Romanoff and Barton materialize behind him as the suit is packing itself neatly into a briefcase. Tony jumps a little. Just a little.“Aw, no,” Barton mutters as his eyes catch sight of the chair.Romanoff is staring up at the metal halos. “HYDRA was known for its experimentation,” she says, dropping her gaze down to survey the room. “Let’s look for any records. Stark, you look for anything electronic, upload what you can transfer into your servers.  I’ll do a sweep for paper records. Barton, cover our backs.”“Yes ma’am,” says Tony. Romanoff smirks and leads the way into the dank corridor, where the lights are flickering ominously like some cliché horror film. Tony wants to roll his eyes, but there's a sick feeling in the base of his stomach that won't go away.In the first room along the corridor, they encounter a huge glass MRI-like tube. It’s standing upright in the center of the room, and it glows with a pulsing, bright blue light that Tony immediately recognizes from the Tesseract. Barton inhales sharply and does an about-face. Romanoff watches him cautiously, assessing the room, and then nods once before following Barton. Tony’s arc reactor tingles in his chest as he surveys the room slowly. The tube is empty, but it’s attached to a bunch of monitors on wheels, like those in hospitals. The monitors don’t appear to have a power source beyond the tube, and their screens have been shattered so that their readouts are unsalvageable. He carefully scans the room, sending all the data back to JARVIS, checking the corners for any hidden traps or data caches. There’s nothing.He finds Romanoff and Barton in a smaller room with dozens of filing cabinets. Barton is picking the locks, and Romanoff is sifting through the files, her lips pursed. “The tube is powered by the Tesseract somehow. It looks like they were trying to create something that would keep someone in stasis.”  “What about the chair?” asks Tony. “Were they also trying to have a giant orgy?”Romanoff’s glance is cold. “I haven’t found anything about that yet, but whoever sat in that chair probably didn’t do it voluntarily.”Tony feels like an asshole. “Right,” he says. “I’m going to look for more machines.” He waits to get a nod from Romanoff and then wanders out to the corridor. Since the Chitauri invaded, he’s been learning the hard way that teamwork can be more effective than being a lone wolf, and that includes notifying your teammates of your location, your state of mind, and your physical condition, especially during an op. It’s a lot of paperwork, a lot of accountability, and it inspires in Tony a deep and newfound appreciation for Pepper. He misses her, and he’ll be glad to see her when they get home.The next room is dark and fill
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
Hydra Agents/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Helen Cho
Helen Cho & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Serum Steve Rogers/Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes | Shrinkyclinks
Mute Bucky Barnes
Mute Steve Rogers
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
De-Serumed Steve Rogers
American Sign Language
Implied/Referenced Torture
Seizures
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Surgery
Body Horror
Minor Character Death
Self-Mutilation
HYDRA Trash Party
Rape Recovery
Recovery
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Codependency
Medical Procedures
Medical Jargon
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending
Podfic Welcome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
Hydra Agents/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Helen Cho
Helen Cho & Tony Stark

