Work Text:
Loki woke in darkness.
There was a hard stone floor beneath him and as he began to sit up his stomach rolled. He doubled over, fighting the urge to vomit. His head felt thick and foggy; he could almost feel whatever poison it was making him sick swimming in his bloodstream. Loki took several slow, deep, breaths, nerves jangling. Something was terribly wrong.
That much is obvious, he thought caustically. He tried to think back, but he couldn’t remember what had happened, couldn’t quite recall an attack that would have led to his being incapacitated in this way. There was a foul taste in his mouth.
Loki closed his eyes and reached without thinking for the magic to ease the headache throbbing in his temples, but there was nothing there.
It was like missing a step in the dark. Or like falling. A sickening drop at the bottom of his stomach. Loki’s eyes flew open though there was nothing to see, and he tried again, with the same result. It wasn’t a wall between him and it, it was simply as though it – wasn’t there. Like the place it should have been was hollow. He felt himself reeling. His eyes strained to penetrate the dark, to see who had done this to him. Why couldn’t he remember? His thoughts were still sluggish, and his stomach heaved violently, but he would not debase himself in front of some unknown, faceless watcher-
He raised his head and his voice, together. “Well. Congratulations. I am frankly amazed that you are not attempting to gloat at your accomplishment.” The terrifying thought occurred to Loki that perhaps they had blinded him, but the fact that he could make out, dimly, some kind of reflective surface reassured him of that, somewhat. “Generally people like to savor victories like this in person.”
His last memory…he’d been eating lunch in a little café. Gone home, and then…nothing. Had they been waiting for him there? Whoever they were.
Not his erstwhile allies; he could guess that, at least. They would not be letting him stew in silence. His next thought, absurdly, was Thor. Perhaps this was vengeance for his deception, though Loki thought he would remember if Thor had found him. Thor was the reason he was no longer safely in Asgard, hidden behind the All-Father’s face…but this did not seem his style. Unless, perhaps, he had simply given him over to that organization. SHIELD, or whatever it was.
That didn’t seem like Thor’s style either, but he had made his erstwhile brother terribly angry.
(Something in his chest turned uncomfortably.)
Loki stood up and moved cautiously toward the reflective surface, hand stretched out. He hoped no one was watching him stumble about like a blind man. “Come. I should like to see the face of whoever it is attempting to cage me. Though I must warn you, you will not be the first to try.” His hand met a smooth surface, solid. Loki pushed into it with his hand, testing. Breakable? Perhaps. He tapped it with a nail, and then stumbled back as lights flared up, shining almost directly in his eyes. Loki slammed them shut, spots dancing behind his eyelids.
He prised them open a moment later, though he was careful not to direct his gaze directly at the new light – a challenge, as they spanned the perimeter of his cell in a circle, leaving no corner unilluminated. He could see his cage better now – much like the one SHIELD had used in their flying machine. This one was seamless, though, and there was no threat of a drop. The walls beyond it were grey concrete and told him nothing. He could not see an obvious door, and felt an uneasy prickle down his spine.
He blinked the spots away and turned in another slow circle. “Well?” he said, raising his voice again. “What do you want?”
No answer. Loki’s skin tightened with the uneasy notion that perhaps the answer was nothing. It was difficult to manipulate a target that wouldn’t respond.
He stepped back from the barrier. “Well,” he said, “If you change your mind, I think I shall enjoy your hospitality just a bit longer.”
The blazing lights were bright and uncomfortable and not helping his headache. There was nothing on which to sit, so Loki paced around the confines of his cage, keeping moving rather than staying still. It was large enough to move in, at least, and to stand fully, but not much more than that. Loki pressed his fingers into his temples and closed his eyes, but the glare was bright enough that he could see them even there.
What did they think to accomplish with this? He wondered. He was uncomfortable, but not beyond bearing. His magic…that was worrying, but Loki was confident he could puzzle out whatever they had done and undo it soon enough. No requests or demands had been made, and at the moment his main concern was that he was bored, a little overwarm, and beginning to grow thirsty.
He wondered if they intended to try to make him submit that way. If so, he thought they would be disappointed.
Loki entertained himself first by going through the entirety of Njord’s Seventy-Five Theorems of Thaumaturgical Ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Heat Stroke
Burns
Hurt Loki
sometimes you just gotta write self indulgent hurt/comfort fic i'm so sorry
Protective Thor
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
well post canon
Post-Movie(s)
Loki Whump
this is really an excuse to give Loki heat stroke I'm not gonna lie

fandom: 
Loki & Thor

