Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The target was waiting outside when he left the museum. It felt too early to call him anything else, with his mind still a muddle of instinct and fragmented memory. He couldn't even think of himself as the Winter Soldier, deserter that he was, but he had no other name. He had seen his own face plastered with impunity across the museum, on posters and newsreels, commendations and placards, on a gravestone, along with that of the target, the man he somehow knew. It was easier to continue thinking of him in this way. It simplified the world, dividing it along lines of what was important and what was not, the ending of a single heartbeat, a singular purpose that need not be examined. That he did not know himself was not important. He knew the need to hide his face from the world, to be the ghost, the one who could not be found. Yet it had been found in there. There had been an entire room devoted to the face he saw in the mirror, the face he had killed to conceal. And, now across from him, the face he had been ordered to kill.He knew there had been a memory wipe, and that it had been recent. He could tell, in an abstract sort of way, that he would have been refrozen by now were he still back there. Put away lest he crack like the fragile tool he was. The memory wipe was total; and he could usually only tell it had taken place by the odd blanks it left in its wake, the negative, the absence of proof. That he could not recall his last mission, or that the hair and clothes had changed since his last time awake. He did not allow it to distract him. At least, not until now.He felt curiously blank as he stared at the target. A face as well known as his own, he would have once said it was because it had been given to him in a folder. Now it was because he had walked through aisles and rooms of a museum dedicated in his honor. It was only in the privacy of his mind-- a place so often trampled and stolen, given to others for their cause and only now vacated, left empty and used for him to make of the tatters what he would-- that he admitted he had known the target well before that.The target was leaning against a tree, and there was a strange symmetry to their attire. Both wore caps to conceal their faces, jackets, and running shoes. The target’s hat was blue to his black, and decorated with a logo. A letter, the symbol of a sports team, and a corner of his brain provided the name Dodgers, and the word Brooklyn, and it resonated through him as if he were a bell that had been struck.The target smiled at having caught his eye. It was a shy smile, hesitant, though his body language spoke of confidence so easy it had become second nature. He felt in himself the skittish, animal-like desire to bolt and was poised on the balls of his feet prepared to do just that. The target puts his hands up, open, and though he knew how quickly they could become fists hard and fast enough to rival the metal arm, he was strangely soothed by the gesture and settled, eyeing the target as he approached.“I thought you might come here,” the target said. “You saw the exhibit?”It was his turn to hesitate, but then he nodded.“So you know now? That you’re Bucky Barnes?”He realized he was shaking his head violently and stopped himself. “We share a face,” he said, a truth even he could acknowledge. There had been more too, a creeping sense of vertigo when he looked at the photos, a split-second where he could remember being on the other side of the camera. But they were only flashes, and could well be only his imagination. Still, he had to admit that the threat model for all of this being an elaborate trap was too high to be realistic. The evidence would have taken decades to plant, and he had always been too careful with his own face. Unless those who kept him had done this. He dismissed the possibility, acknowledging the far simpler possibility that there was a man with a face much like his.The target nodded, not pushing further, laying out silence like a path at his feet.“A face, that’s all,” he continued, and that anxious feeling, like something was crawling around inside him and trying to escape, rose again in his throat. He started walking.The target stepped in front of him. Not stopping him, he could easily walk around, but he found himself arrested. “Where will you go now?”“Away,” he said. He hadn’t thought that far ahead, though the word Brooklyn rattled at the back of his head, snatching at his attention like movement seen out of the corner of a sniper scope.“You can stay with me, if you want.”He stilled. Again, the target was not pushing, not stopping him from leaving. The hands were still flat, open, and unmoving. “You don’t have to decide now. But if you want, if you decide it’s something you need, you’re welcome to stay. Any time.” Slowly, the target lowered his hands and reached into his jacket. He tensed. But the target only pulled out a small notebook and, with a stub of pencil lead that had been pinned betwe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Memory Loss
Identity Issues
Loss of Identity
Hurt/Comfort
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Angst
Past Relationship(s)
Fluff
in which Bucky regains his memories
and actually has some agency in doing so
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
in which Steve understands consent and doesn't force Bucky to change for him
Domestic
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

