Chapter 1: one
    


Notes:
This story is the product of a rather severe bout of depression coupled with reading a Gallavich fic and wondering how awesome a dark Starker hooker fic AU would be… Add a dash of merlenhiver being the best cheerleader and beta on the planet and here I am, seven chapters in and ready to share this with you!If you’re unsure whether or not this might be for you, do me a favour: reserve judgment until after chapter 2, okay? Updates every Tuesday as my schedule, Muse, and mental health permit. About the Hybrid Puppy Verse: part II and III are in the works and will be finished once my headspace is more fluffy =) Heed the warnings… and I hope you enjoy!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Welcome to No Bones,” Peter says, giving the first-time patrons his best smile. “My name is Peter and I have the pleasure of serving you today.” The four guests – wealthy tourists from out-of-state, he thinks – all give curt nods. Okay, that won’t do. “As a sign of our hospitality,” Peter continues, handing out menus, “would you like a glass of Dom Perignon while you consider?”Now he has everyone’s attention. “Oh yes, how wonderful,” says the apparent leader of the group, a voluptuous lady in her 50s with what Peter has learned to recognize as a $75,000 Hermes bag casually slung over her chair. “These are exquisite,” the man across from her says, eyes on the small booklets that house the No Bones’ food options. “Our menus are hand-bound in bamboo and hemp jackets,” Peter explains. “You can find information on the artist behind the design inside. If you have any other questions, please don’t hesitate to ask.”He’s dismissed with another nod, friendlier this time, and Peter breathes a sigh of relief as he winds his way through the tables towards the bar. Every single one of them is either taken or reserved – status quo since the No Bones received a gushing review in The New York Times. The restaurant is exclusively vegan, branding itself as sustainable and eco-friendly, and draws an eclectic crowd of corporate types on business dinners, wealthy environmentalists and curious tourists who want to be able to post pictures of the restaurant’s pine wood tableware on Instagram. Peter is thrilled they’re constantly booked-out; more guests means a higher chance of tips, and over the course of the past two years Peter has figured out what he needs to do to maximize his income. Inside the restaurant, and beyond. “Business or pleasure?”It takes Peter a moment to make sense of Bucky’s question. The bartender is pouring champagne without looking, waiting for his response. “Uh, pleasure, I think? Their accent’s sort of West Coast.”Bucky grins at him. “Then be sure to talk up my specials, alright? They don’t wanna miss out on vegan Prohibition era drinks.”Peter promises to do so, then takes the champagne to what’s so far only his second table. He answers all their questions and eventually takes their orders. On the way back to the kitchen, he stops by table five to clear their entrée plates. The elderly couple comes here quite often, even though the husband can’t stop complaining about the lack of meat. “One meal is fine, but I truly couldn’t go an entire day like this. I don’t know how you do it, Helen. Me, I need a bit of flesh between my teeth.”The wife laughs, like always. And like always, Peter makes sure to lean in a little closer when he picks up the man’s plate. He smiles at Helen even as he feels her husband’s hand slide up the back of his thigh. Once he’s back in the kitchen, he gives table two’s orders to the line cooks, alerting their pastry chef Steve to the nut allergy and ensuring he relates all special wishes.“Parker!” Thankfully the next course for table five is still being plated, otherwise his startling might have messed up the arrangement. “Yes, Chef?” he says. Brock Rumlow looks more like he just stepped off a prison bus than a star cook, but according to MJ that’s part of what made him famous. He refused to cover up his tattoos and scars when he was on Top Chef, and while he’s written books about gourmet vegan food on a budget he never answers questions about how he got the money to start No Bones. A cut-throat business man with a heart for the environment is a strange combination and Peter still hasn’t completely figured him out. Rumlow grabs Peter’s shoulder and steers him into the doorway to his office. Everyone will think it’s so they’re out of the way, but Peter knows his boss wouldn’t want anyone to overhear this. “Adrian is bringing a prospective business partner,” Rumlow whispers. “He requested you explicitly. Their table is your first priority tonight, understood?”“Yes, sir.” “Yuri Kirilenko. He’s in town for two nights,” Rumlow adds, his tone clear. Peter holds his gaze and nods. Rumlow smiles, pats his cheek, and returns to check on his line cooks and sous chef. *Adrian Toomes and his guests arrive just as Peter is advising the touri
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Other(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - Restaurant
Prostitution
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Eventual Happy Ending
Dark
Falling In Love
Explicit Sexual Content
College Student Peter
the one where Rumlow runs an upscale vegan restaurant because my Muse is weird

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Other(s)

