Chapter 1



Notes:
I’m gonna rewrite this fanfic due to the combination of me not really liking the beginning and how it won’t fit where I want this story to go, so sorry for how there won’t be any new chapter for a while until I believe these previous chapters would fit the newer chapters.Also, this fanfic somehow turned into a crossover fanfic, albeit for a few chapters, but that’s where I’ll be going with this story.




Chapter Text
  It had been fifteen years since Farbauti last found himself pregnant.  If only the child was born, Laufey would’ve had an heir to the throne.  Sometimes, Farbauti wonders if it would just be easier for Laufey to find another mate.  It’s all his fault.  Farbauti had difficulty conceiving a child, and his narrow hips caused hardships in the births of their children.  It was all his fault.  No matter how hard Laufey tried to convince him otherwise, Farbauti knew that fact.  For years, they continued to try again and again, only to be met with miscarriage after miscarriage.  Another fifty years past and they had another four miscarriages and another stillborn.  He was the eighth child they had to bury.  Farbauti was as ashamed as he was depressed.  He was the eighth reason why millions talked behind Farbauti’s back.  The following year, they had learned that Odin and Frigga had a son, whom they named Thor.  The news only caused Farbauti to loathe himself even more.  Why couldn’t he just produce an heir?  That question lingered in the back of his mind until he felt his stomach harden and grow larger and when his heats stopped.  Farbauti frowned, placing a hand on his stomach.  Music poured from inside the castle.  The first snow of the year had began to fall.  Tears streamed down Farbauti’s face and stained his cheeks.  The balcony door opened, and Laufey stepped out.  Farbauti turned and instantly regretted it.  Laufey’s eyes widened as he stepped closer.  “What's the matter, my dear?” Laufey asked.  Farbauti turned away from him, remaining quiet.  Laufey’s gaze dropped to where Farbauti kept his hand over his stomach.  He chest grew tight as he stepped backwards.  “When did this happen?” Laufey asked.  “When we were at the cabin.  You were so eager that you just fucked me.”  More tears fell from Farbauti’s eyes as he hugged his stomach.  “Now, we’re gonna lose another one.”  Farbauti fell to his knees.  Laufey kneeled beside him.  “No!” Laufey cried.  “We can’t lose our dream of a family.”  Farbauti frowned as he glanced at Laufey.  “How long have you been pregnant?”  “About two and a half months.”  “So a May baby?”  Farbauti shrugged his shoulders.  “If it lives that long.”  Laufey frowned as Farbauti stood and left him alone on the balcony.  Despite this, Farbauti went to the medic every day to know that their baby was still alive within his stomach.  Winter came and went.  Winter bled into spring, and the baby inside Farbauti continued to grow and develop, albeit slowly.  Every night for months Laufey would whisper sweet nothings to their baby.  Farbauti tried to be happy whenever Laufey did so, running a hand over Laufey’s head.  “Can you make me a promise?” Farbauti asked.  Laufey looked up and smiled at him.  “Of course, my dear,” Laufey replied.  “If this baby doesn’t make it—.”  “Don’t say that.”  Laufey shook his head.  “If they don’t, promise me you’ll find someone else.”  Laufey stared at him.  “No,” Laufey said after a moment.  “I won’t.”  “But you need an heir.”  Laufey glanced down at Farbauti’s growing stomach.  He placed his hand onto the skin.  “This one is my heir.  I just know it will be.”  Farbauti frowned.  Tears filled his eyes.  “Hey,” Laufey said, cupping Farbauti’s cheek.  “It’s going to be alright.”  Laufey laid him back onto the pillows.  “Go to sleep. You’ll need all your strength for when the baby comes in a couple of months.”  The baby kicked underneath Laufey’s hand.  Both of them smiled.  Farbauti’s smile fell as tears filled his eyes.  “I want it,” Farbauti wailed.  “I want it so bad.”  Laufey framed his face with his hands.  “It’ll be ours,” Laufey said.  “I promise.”  His vision blurred as he pulled Farbauti into his arms.  They both cried themselves to sleep.  Laufey was the first to wake.  He didn’t want to leave Farbauti, but he had a meeting with the commanders of the military, forcing Farbauti to be alone on the other side of the castle.  Farbauti woke alone in their room.  He frowned, hugging his knees to his chest.  He always hated being alone, but he never voiced his complaints.  He knew better than that.  He threw off the covers before he stood and went to find something to occupy himself.  Farbauti read alone in the library for hours, curled up in a chair.  A flush of wetness leaked in between his legs.  Farbauti’s eyes widened as he slammed his book shut.  He reached for the bell rope.  His stomach tightened.  Farbauti collapsed to his knees.  It took a couple of minutes for a servant arrived in the library.  She knew immediately 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Intersex Loki
Eventual Smut
Eventual Romance
Slow Burn
Betrothed
Mpreg
semi graphic childbirth
Gay Sex
Dubious Consent
Laufey is NOT a bad father
Odin is Odin
Frigga throws some massive shade
Friends to Lovers
Mating in cycles/in heat
Loss of Virginity
Miscarriage
Mentions of past miscarriages
loss of a child
Voyeurism
Accidental Voyeurism
Hulk - Freeform
Valkyrie - Freeform
Iron Man | Tony Stark - Freeform
Captian America | Steve Rogers
Winter Soldier | Bucky Barnes
Black Panther | T’Challa
Wolverine | Logan
Deadpool | Wade Wilson - Freeform
Because I can
Canon omnisexual character
Spider-Man | Peter Parker - Freeform
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Canon Bisexual Character
Ant-Man - Scott Lang

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

