Work Text:
Whether buoyed by the super soldier serum coursing through his veins, or by the thought that he might finally be able to save his best friend after all, Steve kept reading the Winter Soldier's file long after he'd run out of new pages. No doubt any time now there would be plan, and they'd hit the road, wind in their hair, and unknowable baddies at their back. Soldiers need something to believe in, and Steve offered that to Sam in spades.But after he found himself annoyed with the birds for blatantly flying around outside when some people's wings had been dramatically-- and rudely-- ripped from them, what Sam really needed was coffee. No matter how many people from the 40's kept popping up, it was still the 21st century. There was a Starbucks not far from his place. Captain America might be able to bounce back from a nearly fatal injury and pull an all-nighter without so much as dark circles under his eyes, but the dude was Wonder Boy. Nothing wrong with a man needing a little caffeine to make up for the sleep he'd missed out on.A little fresh air, a venti of the strongest coffee mass-production had to offer, and he had whittled his fantasies about punching the Winter Soldier (Bucky-- he would have to get used to calling him that around Steve) down to only a handful. You don't leave a man behind, certainly not Steve's right hand man. But you also don't destroy a man's jetpack without consequences. Brainwashing or not.He wouldn't ask Steve, at least not now, but he wondered if all that brutality really was so far removed from who Barnes had been. He might not have super powers, but he could read just as well as Steve, and not all the pages in the file were post-WWII.He should grab a few pastries. Few things in life were more pathetic to hear than the grumbling of Captain America's stomach and it was hard to sneak in a quick trip to the supermarket when taking down enormous intelligence organizations. The CIA had better not turn out to be secretly run by evil aliens, because he'd already maxed out his quota for the year.Ignoring all the open seats around, someone sat down across from him."Hell no," Sam said. "Not 'til I'm finished. I earned this damn coffee."The Winter Soldier just stared. The man had traded his uniform for a baseball hat and an ordinary blue jacket with gloves to cover up his metallic hand.For a super secret assassin, he sure had a bad habit of showing up in public places.If he attacked, there were only two exits, and enough civilians to start trampling each other if they panicked. The windows, though, were what concerned him most because Sam knew he'd get a one way ticket straight through them. Should've sat closer to the counter.He reached into his pocket, thumbing through his phone for Steve's number.But then, just as abruptly as he'd come, the Winter Soldier stood up and left.Sam only hesitated a moment, before jamming the phone to ear."Steve," he said, running out onto the street. "He's here."He shouldn't have wasted those seconds, though. The Winter Soldier was nowhere in sight, and long gone by the time Steve showed up, the way he was trying to keep the hope off his face twisting Sam's stomach."We'll find him," he said."What was he doing?" Steve wanted to know. Thing was, Sam didn't have an answer."We'll find him," he repeated. "You can ask him yourself."***They'd turned down Fury's offer to hunt down the remnants of Hydra. No one had given Barnes the same memo. It was the year abroad in Europe he'd never taken, but with more dead bodies and burnt down buildings and a little less gelato.Moscow had some beautiful buildings and some of the nastiest looks he'd ever received in his life. Russian hadn't been high on his list of languages to learn while he was in Iraq. He had yet to find a sympathetic shop keeper."One," he said, holding up a finger. "One tall coffee."Russia, Italy, America-- Starbucks baristas had all perfected the same level of disdainful condescension, only with added language barrier difficulties when abroad. Steve had begged off-- "It just doesn't taste quite right"-- but the man would appreciate it someday. Might not be the shining example of what New Deal capitalism Steve believed in, but there was something nice about being able to pop into a little piece of home no matter where they went and Steve always smiled when Sam came back with a cookie for him.For months, now, they'd only seen the aftermath of Barnes' rampage, not even the briefest glimpse of the man himself. Sam could hardly be blamed for being unprepared for him to sit down at the table again, this time with a coffee of his own in hand.Sam was quicker to reach for his phone this time."Don't," Barnes said."Don't what?" Sam asked, counting the obvious weapons on the man. One gun at his side, another at his ankle. Who knows how many knives hidden underneath his clothes.Barnes didn't reply, but he reached over and pulled the phone out of Sam's grasp, leaving it on the table between them."You break it 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

