Work Text:
Tony exhales one more time, staring at the unfamiliar ceiling. His hot breath is visible in the cold air.He strains to reach the emergency release button, hidden between two plates of the armor in his thigh. The suit hisses, and he’s immediately free of it.He sits up and shivers. He doesn’t look at Steve’s shield on the floor.He taps at his watch. Forty-five seconds, and a new armor will be here for him. It’s too long, but it’s in a damn satellite, and there’s nothing he can do about that. It’s as good as it gets for having the suit at his beck and call no matter where he is. But what if someone took him prisoner and locked him somewhere the suit can’t reach? What if…?The suit is there. He waits for the pieces to assemble and open to welcome him inside.He shivers again. He’s cold, and he’s bleeding. It’s bad. It’s so bad.How did Steve do this to him?He feels like vomiting, and he really doesn’t want to vomit in the armor, so he waits a minute outside, in the cold, until the nausea goes away or just makes him sick.It makes him sick.He enters the suit, in the end. The HUD comes online and he doesn’t even need to ask the question.“Two heartbeats detected, boss.”Thank god. He doesn’t believe in any god, even though he has met some, but thank god.He has no time to think that the little human growing inside him is Steve’s too. For a bit, Tony only thinks about them as his.“The closest hospital—”“I want to go home, FRIDAY.”“Boss—”“Okay, hospital. But in New York. I don’t speak Russian. You think I can make it to New York?”FRIDAY injects him with something. He tries to pinpoint what, but he can’t right now.“Now you can,” she says.***The bruise on his chest is massive. It takes up half his body for weeks. It aches, but it’s nothing compared to what Steve’s absence does to him.His scent has started to fade away from his pillow, and sometimes Tony sits inside Steve’s closet and closes his eyes, and he can pretend he never left.For another Omega, an ugly part of his mind supplies, the opposite of helpful.“No, it wasn’t like that,” he says out loud, in the darkness. Barnes isn’t even an Omega, for fuck’s sake.***The truth is, he misses Steve. He’s angry, so angry he can’t even see straight, but he misses Steve.The bond is still there, still whole, but Tony never reaches for it with his mind, and he never feels Steve do it either. He wonders why Steve doesn’t ask some Wakandan doctor to break it.Tony abandons it, and it wilts at the extremities, but nothing more.***He starts losing weight, which is the worst thing that could happen to someone in his situation. He has to be fed through an IV for about a month.He strokes his abdomen and whispers, “I’m sorry, kid. It’s not your fault.”Some of his heartbreak must slip away from his control and pass through the neglected bond, because the next thing he feels is a rush of love coming from the other end. It’s weak and muted, but it’s there.He doesn’t send anything back, but that’s what makes him decide that he has to keep it together, no matter how he feels about Steve, no matter the state of their bond.There’s a baby inside him and he can’t let them down.His Omega instinct kicks in, stronger than any sense of betrayal. And the bite on his shoulder never fades.***His belly grows, and he can’t mask it anymore. He avoids being seen in public, only releases a couple of carefully filmed statements from behind his desk, and no one suspects a thing. No one is surprised if he looks tired.The scan says it’s a girl.***Giving birth is relatively easy. It doesn’t hurt as much as he thought it would, or maybe there are things that hurt more in Tony’s life at the moment.Rhodey and Pepper are with him. Even Peter comes to visit him after he’s back at the compound.And now he’s here, alone, with a baby girl that smells like him and Steve, and he doesn’t know what to do.He looks at the flip phone on his dresser. He can’t call. To say what? Oh, by the way, forgot to tell you…For something like that maybe Steve would really kill him.***A week later, news breaks out that the fugitive Avengers have signed the amended Accords, and are allowed back on US soil.Tony just waits by the window, kissing the head of his daughter and not thinking about how much she looks like her father.***Two days later, Steve is there.Tony leaves his baby asleep in his room, and goes downstairs to meet him.Steve has a beard now, Tony notices as soon as he steps into the room. He looks older and beautiful. Somehow even more Alpha than before.They are alone in the living room; everyone else knows better than being found here at a moment like this.And it’s a good thing. Because Tony doesn’t think he could bear to know that someone else has seen Steve look at him like that.It’s like he has it written on his forehead.Tony’s smell has changed. It’s only normal. Maybe he smells like the widows, like a nest that’s half-full and half-empty at the same time, and the tang of sadness never quite leaves him.Steve straightens 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Mpreg
Kidfic
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Break Up
Post-Break Up
Angst
Hopeful Ending
Aging
warning for vomiting but not graphic
Pregnancy
Medical Inaccuracies
Mating Bond
Empathic Bond
Unhealthy Relationships

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

