Work Text:
The fifth time Steve tried to get Tony to fuck him – and failed – he started taking it personally.He was probably overreacting. After all, it wasn’t like Tony was kicking him out of bed or anything. In fact, Steve had done the math, and he’d had more sex in the four months he and Tony had been together than he had in the entire rest of his life combined. Which, might have said a lot about the life Steve was living before he met Tony, but said a lot more about Tony himself. The man was irresistible. Steve could barely keep his hands to himself on the best of days and Tony was… god he was so sensual. So immersed in whatever he and Steve were doing together that it was dizzying. Steve found it more than a little arousing to have a man who could be two people at once, run half the world and then save it for good measure, all while inventing new and amazing things without missing a beat, focused so intently on him. The look in Tony’s eyes when they zeroed in on Steve, when Tony gave Steve his full attention, something he rarely gave anyone or thing, including the imminent end of the world at times… well, it was no wonder Steve was happy to try and put that look on Tony’s face as often as possible.But all of that just made it more obvious that Tony was very definitely turning him down in this area.The first time Steve told himself didn’t count. They’d been new to this, and Steve had been very new to the practice of sleeping with another man. He hadn’t so much offered to let Tony have him as he had decided he’d be okay with it if Tony asked. And Tony hadn’t asked, which Steve had actually been a little relieved about for a while. So that time basically didn’t count; Tony could do amazing things, but reading his mind didn’t appear to be on the list.The second time he’d offered, but he’d been so nervous and hesitant that it was entirely possible Tony hadn’t quite realized what he was asking for – or taken pity on his nerves and pretended not to. And the third time they’d been interrupted right as Steve was asking and by the time they’d made it back to bed hours and hours later, Tony had just wrapped a leg around Steve’s waist and pulled him close and Tony had almost died and Steve hadn’t felt like trying a new position was important when all he’d wanted was Tony in his arms and safe beside him.The fourth time he’d asked, Tony had begged Steve to fuck him instead, panting and wild and making these needy little sounds in the back of his throat as he pressed wet, open-mouthed kisses against Steve’s skin and Steve would have done just about anything Tony asked him to at that point.The fifth time was when Steve decided he was going to be offended soon.And now Steve was kneeling over Tony, hands on his hips. Tony was spread out beneath him, skin flushed and slick with sweat, eyes dark with arousal. His chest was heaving for air and Steve wanted to feel it pressed against his own, feel Tony’s every breath, the beat of his heart beside the cool metal of the R/T. He made himself look away and when he looked back, schooled his features into something as close to serious as he could get. “Is there a problem?” he asked.It was almost funny the way Tony’s eyes flew open. “What? No. Problem? You need to-” he shifted his hips, tried to press himself against Steve, but Steve had Tony pinned between his knees and short of actually fighting his way loose, Tony wasn’t going anywhere. “Steve?” Tony’s eyes were clearer, sharper, some of the edge gone off his arousal as he focused on the man above him. “Did- Is something wrong?”Did I do something wrong. The unspoken first part of that sentence was loud and clear in Steve’s mind and he wondered if that might not explain why Tony was making a big deal out of this. “I don’t know,” Steve said finally, when his silence looked to be wearing too thin. “I’m going to ask you a question and I’ll accept whatever answer you give me. But it needs to be the truth.”Tony drew in a sharp breath and Steve could see the moment he became all business. “I wouldn’t lie to you.”"No," Steve agreed, then added, gently, because he wasn’t mad, "but you’d withhold the truth if you thought it would make me happier."The way Tony’s lips twisted wasn’t entirely a smile, but there was a glint of reluctant acknowledgment in his eyes that kept it from being unhappy. “That’s fair. What do you want to know?”"Why don’t you want to-" he stumbled over the word fuck despite his best intentions and settled firmly on, “make love to me?”He could feel Tony tense up beneath him, could see the sting of anticipated pain in Tony’s eyes, the flat line of his lips. “I was under the impression we’d been making love for several months now. I’m sorry if I assumed too much.”"Don’t," Steve said. He wanted to lean in and kiss Tony until the hard, unhappy look in his eyes melted away, until his hands clenched in the sheets for entirely different reasons. "I love you. I love everything we do together. But I want to know why you don’t wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bottom Steve Rogers
Established Relationship
Dirty Talk
First Time Bottoming

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

