Work Text:
When you look down
inside yourself
what is there?
You are a walking bag of surgical instruments
shining from the inside outand that's just
todayTomorrow it could be differentWhen I think of the childhood inside me I think of sunlight dying on a windowsillThe voices of my friends
in the sunlight
All of us running aroundoutside our
deaths--from “Nervous System,” Michael Dickman  

PART I: ABYSS

I.
Although you do not remember it you were born in the slick hot July heat, the hazy yellow light of the morning that will never again touch these antiseptic fluorescent hospitals; you were born screaming as your mother stared out at the sky and the tops of buildings, stared out at the city and felt life finally sliding out of her, a pain, a void, something like ecstasy, in those years before everything, before depression and war come again and the slow building up and breaking down of your country. You were born in the hot warm death days of the last war and thrown head-first into a new one, and you did not die in the ice but you will die in the water: finally, finally, you will die in the water, after all this time, as you should have, as was owed to you; you will die, like he did, after a fall. 
II.
When did your life become violence? It was not the war that it did it to you, not exactly; it was the back alleys of Brooklyn, strapping boys crushing their fists into your solar plexus, snapping your head back, your ears ringing, eyes out of focus as blood slid down your chin. When you were a child you did not understand what it was about you that made them want to do that to you – you did not understand, you could not; you used to curl up next to your mother, coughing, sickly, and unbeknownst to you she would look down at you, at your ribs standing out starkly through your shirt, you, her boy, her only child, and tell you, hand running through your hair, that you were small, and nasty boys liked to beat up small children. It was nothing to do with you, she used to tell you, and you never quite believed her – but you wished you were bigger, wished that you were not fragile, and sick, and that when you started getting angry, and hitting back, that they did not just laugh, and bat you away, and hit you harder.You did not want violence but violence was in you, and soon enough he was there – Bucky, Bucky, always taller, smugger, with a swagger even as a ten-year-old, his thick dark fall of hair and his increasingly whipcord-strong body – to hit back for you, if you could not do it yourself. Bucky was violence, too, and he was better at it than you were; he used to get dragged off by the teachers, bloody around the mouth and knuckles, grinning at you like a freak, until everybody was terrified of him, and stopped coming after you out of fear. You didn’t like it, didn’t like being under somebody else’s shadow, except that when you were not at school Bucky did not swagger, just chattered at you, eyes bright, and followed you home, or dragged you back to his place, tucked away behind the couch, your legs kicked out in front of you, his longer than yours, always.Bucky knew all the stories about the Napoleonic Wars because he had some old beat-up book his father had got him somewhere, secondhand, and still kept his box of toy soldiers under his bed when he was twelve, thirteen, even though he thought they were too trivial, but in spite of all of this Bucky – the Bucky you knew, by yourself, when he was not grabbing people by the collar and slamming his fist into their jaws so hard that it looked like he had dislocated them, when he was not covered in blood – was not violence. Bucky was warm and solid and a bright spark, funny, loyal; Bucky was the only thing you had, except your mother. And when you were sick, and your mother had to leave your bedside to go to work, Bucky would come, after school, and sit with you in the chair that she had vacated, kick his heels up on the blankets and tell you everything about what had happened over the course of the day, and even through your illness you could see the tightness around his eyes, his mouth, that should not have been there: he was only fifteen. You could not die, you thought fuzzily. There was not much point in you being alive – what use were you, what use was your life? – but you could not die for your mother, and also because Bucky could not go on looking like that. And you did not.Bucky is violence now; he is nothing but violence – and you are, too. You have both grown into violence, into nothing but blood, but bullets, but carnage, but death. You grew into it together and now that you have lost each other it has taken both of you over, run through you like a virus, and you wonder, now, whether maybe you were the only things keeping each other good, human, normal – if you were ever any kind of normal. For you have killed so many, many men. And you think they have mostly been bad men. But you are sure that Bucky, somewhere deep in his diseased brain, has thought the 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Flashbacks
1940s
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
everybody is deeply miserable
attack of the second person

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

