Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The noise that Clint made when he walked around a corner and smacked into Bucky was less of a yell and more of a yelp, and then something of a splat as the archer hit the ground with a thud after bouncing off the super soldiers chest. “Good Christ, its like walking into a wall.” Clint grumbled and jumped back to his feet, dusting off his pants. “Bucky baby you are built like a brick house, and I don’t mean like the sexy lady the Commodores had a crush on, I mean like a building that if it fell on me would crush me flat.” “I do not understand that reference.” Bucky said evenly, his tone flat, his eyes flatter still. “Right. No, of course you don’t.” Clint grinned, apparently unfazed by the fall. “You got one’a’them notebooks Cap keeps around? Look up The Commodores, Brick House. It should break that scowl into something of a giggle, huh?” “Um–” Bucky spread his hands uncertainly. “Clint, leave Frosty alone.” Tony walked by with his eyes on his tablet, music blasting from the earphones looped around his neck. “You know damn well he doesn’t care about your terrible taste in music.” “Rude.” Clint said blandly, and made an obscene gesture behind Tony’s back. “I saw that, Wing-boy.” Tony called over his shoulder. “You should learn to sign quieter!” “You love me!” Clint yelled and Tony waved before disappearing into the elevator. “He loves me.” Clint said confidently. “Anyway, no harm no foul, huh? I didn’t break my nose on your ridiculous pecs, you didn’t get a smudge on that pretty metal–” Clint reached out to pat Bucky’s shoulder, but the big soldier jerked away. “Right. No touchee. I forgot.” Clint hesitated, then cleared his throat awkwardly. “Well. Guess I should be hittin’ the ol’ dusty trail….” He ambled away, pulling out his phone to no doubt text Natasha, and leaving Bucky standing by himself in the hallway, staring the way Tony had gone. To: Nat– Heya baby. Do you think Bucky realizes he stares hard enough to burn holes in Tony’s pants?From Nat– Clint, I am in the middle of a workout. How is this relevant at all?To: Nat– so you don’t think he realizes it either, huh? Yeah, I didn’t think soFrom Nat– stop being gross and get down here so I can kick your assTo: Nat– Oooh I love it when you talk dirty. Are you wearing those light pink short shorts? I love those things. When you get all sweaty they get all transparent.From Nat— I’ll wear them if you come work out. I saw you eat that whole pack of Oreos last night. If you lose that six pack, I’m leaving you for Sam.To Nat– I’m wounded.From Sam– Ain’t no shame losing your girl to a man like me, Hawk. Also, for the love of god, check and make sure you aren’t on group text before you start sexting? From Sam– Also, Bucky likes Tony? From Steve– I second the group text thing, but thank god you guys stopped it before it got gross. Sam, Bucky doesn’t like Tony.From Nat– He totally does.From Steve– WHATFrom Clint-- Calm down, Captain Patriot, its not like they are dating or anything. Nat are you wearing the pink shorts or not?From Sam– FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP TEXTING RIGHT NOW**************************************Bucky ran his hands down his thighs nervously, trying to slouch in the stiff backed chair, trying to make himself more comfortable. A quick check at the door to make sure it was still closed, a glance at the window to make sure it was covered, and he eased his hand– his right hand– beneath the waist band of his sweat pants and palmed down the length of his cock, closing his eyes against the zing of pleasure, and biting at the inside of his cheek as he made the motion again– slowly, steadily, trying to make every second last. It was good, so good, and Bucky shifted in the chair, slowed his breathing so he could concentrate. 
Thick brown hair. Chocolate colored eyes. A beguiling smile. Strong hands, calloused palms, the arc reactor glowing. A butt that made him drool. Lean legs and strong thighs and–
A noise– a bird flying by the window, a horn on the street below, the elevator doors opening– it could have been anything, and it was probably nothing, but it was enough to break Bucky out of his carefully constructed and yet fragile concentration, and just that quickly, any spark of arousal was gone, his body far too relaxed to even try to continue, and Bucky dropped his face into his left hand in frustration. It had been months now, literally months since Stevie had brought him to the Tower, pushing a year here soon, and still Bucky was on edge over every little noise, every unexpected encounter.Last week he had snatched a knife from the butchers block when Natasha had turned on the lights in the kitchen unexpectedly. Before that, he had gotten distracted by the door closing– the door– in the gym, and forgot to check his strength and sent poor Sam across the ring, through the ropes and into the padded wall with a single punch. Steve had put a friendly hand on his shoulder as they passed in the hall and Bucky had nearly broken his arm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
winteriron
Friends to Lovers
Fluff and Smut
Humour
Hand Jobs
Blow Jobs
From Sex to Love
Texting
Flirting
First Times
Didn't Know They Were Dating
Explicit Sexual Content
Love Confessions
Falling In Love
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Teasing
Awkward Sexual Situations
Awkward Flirting
everyone knows but them
Light Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

