Work Text:
Wakanda was beautiful, but hot. Nick started sweating as soon as he stepped outside the air conditioned plane, but he’d been in enough uncomfortable situations over the course of his life that keeping a straight face was no big deal. He willingly submitted to the search that the Dora Milaje insisted upon, spreading his legs and arms and allowing them to pat him down. He had one gun, which he had already logged and was therefore allowed to keep.He was then permitted entry into the castle. It was the first time that anyone from SHIELD had actually been inside. He’d tried to get spies into Wakanda before, curious about the country with the world’s only source of vibranium, but with no success. The country was notoriously wary of outsiders, and anyone who came from Wakanda was tight-lipped. Details were scarce, and Fury tried to notice and memorize as much as he could as he was lead to the throne room.“Good afternoon,” King T’Challa said when Fury entered the room. “I understand you seek an audience with me, Director Fury.”“Not with you, exactly,” Fury replied. “But with some fugitives you’re harboring.” Unlike some dignitaries, who preferred to be handheld and sweet-talked, from what Fury had learned about King T’Challa, the man would appreciate a straightforward approach.T’Challa did not react. “I’m not sure who you are referring to.”“I think you do,” Fury said, maintaining eye contact. He was not here to get T’Challa or Wakanda into trouble with the law. He was pretty sure that the aforementioned fugitives would, at some point, do that just fine on their own. T’Challa was a smart enough man to know that, with a few words dropped into the right ears, Fury could’ve brought the United Nations down on Wakanda already. Since Fury had come alone, there was something else at play.“Leave us,” T’Challa said at last, referring to his advisors. There was a low murmur, though Fury couldn’t tell if it was disgruntled or not. He stood aside as the room gradually emptied, until only T’Challa, two women with a close familial ressemblance that had to be related to him, and four Dora Milaje were all that remained.Only then did T’Challa looked back at Fury. His expression was closed off. “Why are you here?”It was time to stop beating around the bush. “Captain Rogers almost killed someone who I care about. I want to make sure that he realizes the extent of what he’s done. I have the feeling that he and the rest of his little group are sitting around patting themselves on the back, thinking that it’s only a matter of time until they’re welcomed back to the United States with open arms. That’s not going to happen.”“You’re right,” said the younger of the two women. She crossed her arms. “They sit around and gloat all day.”“Shuri!” T’Challa said.Shuri glared at him. “Well, it’s true! I’m getting sick of listening to them.”Fury liked her. “One conversation,” he said to T’Challa. “That’s all I ask.”“How did you find out they were here?” T’Challa asked.“I protect my sources, your highness. I give you my word that no one will find out their location from me,” Fury said. He did not add that it was only a matter of time before Rogers gave himself away. Rogers seemed to be physically incapable of doing anything on a small scale, and he thought too much of himself to stay cooped up in Wakanda for long.T’Challa was quiet for a moment, staring hard at Fury, before he finally nodded. “Very well. I will keep you at your word, Director. Okoye, would you please show him to his destination?”One of the Dora Milaje, a tall woman with a no-nonsense glare, stepped forward. She walked past Fury, who bowed to T’Challa and then turned to follow her. She didn’t speak to Fury, who was willing to maintain the silence in lieu of memorizing the route they were taking. Rogers’s group, he realized, were housed as far away from T’Challa and his family as possible. He smirked to himself, wondering if there was a deliberate reason for that. Perhaps T’Challa found them as annoying as Shuri did.“I will wait here,” Okoye said, once they’d reached a large set of double doors. “When you are finished, I will escort you back to your plane.”Fury looked straight at her. “And if you hear gunshots?”Okoye’s smile was thin. “I am honor-bound to protect the throne of Wakanda,” she said. “And only the throne.”“I like you too,” Fury said. He had no plans to actually shoot anyone, but that didn’t mean he didn’t want to.He pushed open the doors and walked inside. To his annoyance, no one in the room acknowledged his presnce right away. Romanov, Barton, Rogers, Wilson, Lang and Maximoff were all preoccupied with the television, which was showing a summary of everything that had happened over the past two months. Information was becoming scarce, so the media was grasping at any tidbit that came along.“One moment, your highness,” Rogers said without looking away from the screen. Fury’s annoyance increased. Evidently Rogers thought himself too good to even react appropriatel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
assumes the exvengers are in Wakanda
Nick Fury Knows All
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
not team Cap friendly
seriously fury drags all of them over the coals
so if you like these people do not read
my saltiness returns in full force
i am salting the earth you see
Steve Rogers Has Issues
steve rogers is an idiot
natasha romanov is cocky
so very very cocky
but fury knocks her down a few pegs
no one is irreplaceable
exvengers are not getting pardons
not in this fic anyway
and fury takes delight in letting them know that
Death Threats
unfortunately tony does not appear in this fic
but fury rages hell on tony's behalf
Protective Nick Fury
nick fury is done with your bullshit

fandom: 
Nick Fury & Tony Stark

