Chapter 1





Chapter Text
With every thrust, the Asset strained against his bonds. He couldn’t help it. Try as he might to stay still, he was too precariously balanced to stop himself from flying forward every time the tech fucked into him. His toes burned and strained to keep him upright, to keep him balanced, each digit digging in to the cold tile beneath him. His arms were held behind his back and tied at the elbows and wrists, forcing them to stay straight. The woven metal fiber that they used to bind him dug in to his skin, making his fingers tingly and a bit numb. A chain connected his wrist bindings to the lab ceiling. After every thrust into him, the links clinked and clattered, a high chiming accompaniment to the grunts and heavy breathing behind him. The muzzle on his face kept him from speaking. Not that it would matter much. Given the Asset’s current state, the best he likely would have been able to say would be a string of incoherent pleading. The inside of the mask was a thick rubber gag shaped like a cock that filled his mouth, touching all the way to the back of his throat and causing him to breathe carefully through his nose. Spit and come drooled out from around the gag and down his face, leftovers from another round of techs. The salty bitterness was foul on his tongue, and made him want to scream with frustration. For every tech that came in his mouth, it was one more that wasn’t fucking him in his needy ass, wasn’t rubbing up inside of him and helping nudge him closer to getting off. Not that he was allowed to come, but he still craved it.A wide posture collar kept his neck straight and face tilted upward. The collar was attached to a short chain with a heavy weight on it, keeping him bent over. He could feel every ounce of that weight down his spine, painfully stretching him out. His legs were stretched wide and fastened to a spreader bar. The chain from the ceiling left him just enough give to stand up on his tiptoes, though it left his arms at a painfully uncomfortable angle. The Asset had been in this position for quite a while now, though exactly how long was lost on him. He did know that it was far too soon to hope for an end. They’d gotten through some of the beatings and a little whipping. Several of the techs had had a go at his ass and mouth already, enough so that the lingering taste of come filled his throat and his hole dripped with fluids. He wasn’t sure if it was round two for the guy fucking him right then, but it hardly mattered. They’d keep at it until he passed out, and then they’d switch to the electricity training. Something to wake him up. Already his system was flush with their latest drug test. To keep him interested, they’d said. Even though his body ached with the punishment it had already taken, the wickedly tight bindings, and the brutal positioning, his cock was hard as could be. Whatever it was they’d injected into him had him burning up with the need to get off. Saliva pooled in his mouth and dribbled down his chin. He moaned through every touch, painful or pleasant. The techs hadn’t touched his cock yet. Maybe didn’t plan on touching it at all, but there was a steady drip-drip of precome flowing out of him.If he had been able, the Asset would have begged. As it was, all he could do was think a steady litany of please, please, please, please. The dick inside of him wasn’t enough. He needed more. Needed it so badly he wanted to scream.Just as another load of come filled up his already soaked hole, the alarms in the room went off. “The fuck?” a tech muttered behind him and the Asset was suddenly left empty. A breath of cold air tickled around his still-open hole, causing him to writhe in place and clench down in an ineffectual effort to tighten up his ass.A door slammed open. There was the sound of several pairs of boots tromping in.“Jesus fucking Christ.” It was a new voice, rough and annoyed. There was something familiar about it, but not enough to bring up a name or a face for the Asset. Not surprising. The Asset was always wiped regularly. “Just what we fucking need. You! Cut it down. We need the Asset, ASAP.”People scrambled around the room. Heat raced through the Asset in waves as the drug kept his cock steadily dripping even without any stimulation. “What’s going on?” That was one of the techs, the guy in charge of this experiment. Someone started messing with the chain on his wrists. “No! Don’t take that off first, you fucking idiot! Undo its arms first and it’ll faceplant into that rock on its collar.”“So?”“So if they need the Asset enough to interrupt testing, then they’re gonna need it conscious rather than fucking knocked out from bashing in its head. Get the collar first. And I’m putting this on your performance review.”There was fumbling at his collar, and then the weight fell away. He took a deep shuddering breath, the first one in hours it seemed. The collar was taken off next, and he let his head drop forward. Every muscle in his neck screa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
Hydra Agents/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
HYDRA Trash Party
Rape
Gang Rape
Rape/Non-con Elements
Dubious Consent
Dubious Consentacles
Tentacles
Plant Monster Steve
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Tentacle Sex
Bondage
Predicament Bondage
Gags
Butt Plugs
Blow Jobs
Come Swallowing
Pain play mentioned
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Object Insertion
Fucking Machines
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Forced Orgasm
Prostate Milking
Multiple Orgasms
Electricity play mentioned
Sex Pollen
Kinda
it's drugs
Aphrodisiacs
Cock & Ball Torture
Anal Gaping
Hydra Husbands mentioned
Torture
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Dubious consent body modification
Body Horror
some violence
Touch-Starved
Medical Experimentation
Begging
Brief suicidal thoughts
service topping
Tentacle Bondage
Multiple Penetration
Come play
Come Marking
Possessive Behavior
Nipple Play
Biting
Cock milking
sub space
Service Top
Dom/sub
Cock Warming
Overstimulation
Dehumanization
discussion of consent
Abuse
Deepthroating
Breathplay
Pet Names
Praise Kink
Bad Things Happen To Bad People
Surprisingly fluffy considering the tags
Team as Family
Creative uses for pollen
Oviposition
Or really whatever the plant version of that is
The Asset gets planted is what I'm saying
Science experiment Steve
He was never Captain America
The Avengers Are Good Bros
Some angst
Happy Ending
seriously fluffy ending
MCU Kink Bang 2018

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Hydra Agents
Hydra Agents/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

