Chapter 1: Part One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


"Baby boy, I wanna date the shit out of you, if you'd let me. I wanna take you out and wine and dine you and Netflix and chill with you."

It wasn't that Peter didn't believe Deadpool when he'd told Peter that he wanted to date him. It was just... after Peter'd accepted them as a... a thing? Boyfriends? He just hadn't really thought that they would. Date, that is. He more expected that they would continue as they had been, but more frequently and with less fighting it on Peter's part. But here they were a week after the Pancake Incident, as Peter had taken to calling it, sitting down in a theater with popcorn and drinks like a normal couple. It was... weird. He wasn't sure if he liked it, but when Deadpool dragged him out to see some action flick (Peter hadn't even been paying attention to what), he hadn't resisted."I've been wanting to see this movie forever I'm so excited," Deadpool said gleefully, voice quiet and muffled by the medical mask he wore to hide the lower half of his face. He'd actually tried to leave the apartment in full suit, which Peter had immediately nay-sayed, and a sweater, jeans, and med mask had been the compromise, keeping almost as much of Deadpool's skin covered as his costume. A thick arm, warm and heavy, settled across Peter's shoulders as Deadpool leaned closer, and Peter shifted in his seat. Even though he'd agreed to be a willing part of... 'them', it was something that would take him a while to get used to, Deadpool's casual affection even more so. "I'm really glad you came with me, baby boy," Deadpool whispered, pressing a masked kiss to his temple."Er, you're welcome," Peter said uncomfortably because what else could he say?Thankfully, Deadpool took pity on him and smoothly moved into a steady stream of surprisingly quiet opinions regarding the previews as they came and went, dictating which ones did or didn't deserve his time and why. It wasn't any different than what they'd done in the past, except for the fact that they were in public instead of the privacy of Peter's apartment, and the openness meant Peter was practically crawling out of his skin with the unfamiliarity of the whole situation. Deadpool kept shoving handfuls of popcorn into his mouth as if their mere presence together in the theater wasn't a monumentally groundbreaking event, lowering and lifting his medical mask each time, but Peter couldn't help but be tense, to grip the hard metal arms so tightly that he had to concentrate on not imprinting his fingers into them.The only thing providing him a sense of comfort, of safety, was the familiar weight of Deadpool's arm across his shoulders. For years, he'd known that as long as Deadpool was touching him, he'd be taken care of, and that was just as true as ever, if not more so, now that he was vocally amiable to... them. So when that arm drew back when the lights went down, he went rigid with tension."Sh, baby boy," Deadpool whispered right next to his ear, sending heat all the way down to his belly. Leather-gloved fingers pried his bare ones from the arm rest and put them on the side of the popcorn bucket, apparently in order to lift the arm between them. "I want you to hold on to the popcorn bucket for me, okay?"Deadpool asked in that particular voice again, the one that meant he wanted something from Peter and that Peter would be rewarded if he listened. At some point, he was going to have to ask about that voice because it was very effective and only seemed to be used sparingly. And only during sex. Which was, conveniently, the time that Peter was least capable of remembering that he needed to ask about it. Still, he grabbed the popcorn bucket with both hands and nodded his head, and he got a pleased hum vibrating the lobe of his ear in such a way that it sent a shiver through the whole of his body. But then Deadpool reached for the zipper of his jeans and Peter jerked, grabbing Deadpool's wrist with his free hand in a grip that was probably the wrong side of tight."What are you doing?" he hissed as the opening credits started rolling. Despite the white text, the background was black, keeping the theater in darkness, but movies never stayed that way for long and Peter had no intention of being arrested for public indecency."Making you feel good and relaxed, baby boy," Deadpool whispered back, the tips of his fingers stroking over Peter's soft dick and making him harden. As much as Peter was trying to grit his teeth to keep an erection from forming, by this point, Deadpool could probably just tell him to get hard and he would. He just didn't want to do it in a theater surrounded by a hundred other people. "No need to panic. I picked these seats for a reason."They were in the top corner seats, which didn't mean much exactly when they were right at the top of a staircase, but Peter was closer to the stairs and Deadpool's larger body was between 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Sequel
Gap Filler
between c4 and epilogue of previous fic
Canon Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Established Relationship
Dating
First Dates
BDSM
Dom/sub
Dom Wade
Sub Peter
Public Sex
Semi-Public Sex
Hand Jobs
Edging
Orgasm Delay
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Blow Jobs
Deepthroating
Subspace
Multiple Orgasms
Insecurity
Insecure Peter
Light Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Communication
Toys
Sex Toys
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Butt Plugs
Anal Plug
Rimming
Vibrators
Masturbation
Comeplay
Come as Lube
Anal
Anal Play
Anal Fingering
Biting
Marks
Marking
Hickies
Confessions
Cuddling & Snuggling
POV Alternating
between chapters not within
Exes
Kissing
Hugs
Fondling
Claiming
Public Claiming
Public Display of Affection
Possessive Behavior
possessive wade
Insecure Wade
Anal Sex
Rough Sex
Cock Rings
makeshift cock ring
Top Wade
Bottom Peter
Power Bottom Peter
Creampie
Kink Negotiation
Sex Club
Shyness
Shy Peter
BDSM Scene
Public Scene
Collars
Makeshift Collar
Lingerie
Lace Panties
Peter in lingerie
Peter in Lace
Filming
Sex Tapes
Bondage
Shibari
Kinbaku
Suspension
Sex
Public Blow Jobs
Aftercare
Double Penetration
just a mention but still: noice
Meet the Family
Love Confessions
Public Transportation
reference to domestic abuse
no actual domestic abuse
Nipple Play
Nipple Torture
Making Love
Cuddlefucking
Somnophilia
Epilogue
Dialogue-Only
only in the epilogue tho
ALL the tags
Again

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

