Work Text:
When Tony regained consciousness, he could immediately tell that something was wrong. In addition to being unable to move his arms, his head hurt, his mouth was dry, and his entire body ached as though he’d been hit by a truck.Wait. He cracked an eye open. He had been hit by a truck.Slowly, the world came into focus. He was sitting in a chair in a damp, dim laboratory. He didn’t recognise where he was or remember how he’d gotten there. There had been a fight-- he had been pushed out into the road-- there had been a crack as a truck going full speed had slammed into him--Tony grimaced as the memory of pain came flooding back to him.Whoever had taken him had stripped him of his suit. When he flexed his arms, cold metal bit into him; there was another thick band across his chest, holding him upright. Next to him, his arms and chest also fastened to his chair, was an unconscious Steve Rogers. “Perfect,” sighed Tony. As if on cue, Rogers coughed and groaned, coming to life. His eyes fluttered open. “W-where are we?”“Hiya,” said Tony. “Looks like we’ve been captured. Secret bunker, weird alien portal thingy in the corner, the whole nine yards. How you doing? You okay? Now’s probably not the best time to mention that I really need to pee.”Rogers looked at Tony for a long moment, and then his keen eyes swept around the room. “Is it just the two of us?”His voice was filled with resignation. Tony knew how he felt. It wasn’t that he didn’t get Rogers, because he did, he really did. It was just that Rogers didn’t have a funny bone in his body. Everyone -- and by ‘everyone,’ Tony meant Romanoff -- claimed that Rogers had a great sense of humour, but Tony had never seen it. Even Rhodey could take a joke better than Rogers, and Rhodey, God love him, was a stick-in-the-mud.Pepper liked Rogers, but Pepper liked everyone. Still, they were kind of, sort of friends now, thanks to Loki. They weren’t having slumber parties or anything and Cap was probably the last person Tony would ever call in a personal crisis, but hey. He trusted Rogers to watch his ass. Figuratively speaking.“Where are the others?” Rogers asked.“Hopefully looking for us. No matter, we’ll be out of here in a jiffy. JARVIS?” Tony called. He twisted his upper body, but the straps didn’t budge. “JARVIS, buddy, you there?”When his suit didn’t come bursting through the wall like the Kool-aid Man, he guessed that they were either underground or in some kind of metal bunker -- something that even the radio transmitters in his chips couldn’t penetrate. Or, worse, his suit had been destroyed when he had been hit. His stomach twisted with nerves, but he fought them down. He looked around the room for something to distract himself with, and his eyes landed on Rogers, hunkering down nearby and looking kind of pale. He had said that he was okay, hadn’t he? No, he hadn’t; Tony hadn’t really given him much time to respond. Good job, Stark.“I never got an answer-- how you doing?” he asked.Rogers made a constipated face as he struggled against the bonds. “Pretty stuck.”The door to the laboratory swept open with a hiss, and in walked a man. It was the same man -- alien, godlike being, whatever -- who had attacked them in central Manhattan. He had spiked silver hair and blood red eyes; his white lips were curved into a sinister smile. His long, red cape hung over his shoulders and pooled onto the floor. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” Tony muttered when he saw that in one hand, the alien held a tall staff with a crystal ball on the end; his other arm was tucked behind his back.“So you’re the Bond villain who’s captured us, right?” Tony asked, resisting the urge to roll his eyes -- well, he might have rolled them a little.“Yes,” the man said, staring down at them with his creepy eyes. “What do you want?” Rogers growled.“I am...” He paused for dramatic effect. “Tepid the Magnificent.”Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “Pardon?”“I’m Tepid the Magnificent.” The man extended a hand around the lab. “You’re my prisoners.”Even Rogers winced. “Tepid the Magnificent,” Tony repeated flatly.Tepid faltered, clearly put off by Tony’s tone. “My minions helped to bring you to my secure lair.”He gestured to the far corner of the lab. Two people in white hazmat suits waved at them. Somehow, Tony had completely missed them.Tony let out a laugh. Rogers sent him a stony look. “What?” Tony asked.“It’s probably not a good idea to antagonise the guy pointing an alien staff in your face,” Rogers said.“And,” Tepid added with a flourish, “the guy with your phone with your Stark Industries encryption software.”He pulled his arm from behind his back. In his hand, he was holding Rogers’ phone. Tony knew it was Rogers’ because his own was much cooler. Tony felt a little flutter of worry at the sight of it; he reminded himself that the second the incorrect password was entered, the phone would destroy itself and any data on it. And there was no way someone named Tepid the Magnificent would guess--“I’m in,” sai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Humor
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Frenemies
Steve Rogers vs technology

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

