Chapter 1: Help Wanted
    




Chapter Text

1.Help Wanted
Every bone in eighteen-year-old Peter Parker’s body hurt, he just wanted to crawl into his tiny bed in the apartment that he shared with his high school buddy, Ned and go to sleep. You have a physics midterm tomorrow, idiot, Peter scolded himself. He didn’t have time to sleep, especially when his midterm was at his dreaded 8am class that Ned had convinced him that he should sign up for.Peter had just finished his grueling eight-hour shift at a Chinese restaurant in Queens and then he had to take the subway back to the city. Peter was working and going to school full time and Peter was sure that it would eventually kill him. He had known that it was going to be hard to go to school and work full, but he hadn’t known it was going to be so damn difficult.NYU wasn’t as expensive as other schools, but for Peter who had been raised solely by Aunt May’s income after Ben had died it was still pretty damn expensive. Aunt May had offered to pay for school, but he had refused. Aunt May already had enough on her plate paying for her own apartment, not to mention that she was heading towards retirement and Peter didn’t want to burden her.So far he had managed to use his crappy job to pay for rent and bad takeout food and he had taken loans for school. Peter winced when he thought about his school loans. He was barely in his first semester of school and he was already $40, 000 into debt. He didn’t even want to think about what that number would be once he reached his senior year especially when he didn’t even know what he wanted to major in.He opened the door to his apartment and smelled leftover pizza. His stomach flipped, he and Ned had been eating pizza for the past three days. Ned was playing video games and he took off his earbuds when he saw Peter. “Hi, buddy.”“Hi, Ned.” Peter felt exhausted as he sat down on the couch. He wished that he could have something to eat other than pizza. At the rate that he was going he was going to gain the dreaded Freshman fifteen before his freshman year ended.“Hi, buddy. Wow, you look beat. There is some leftover pizza in the fridge if you want some.” Peter shook his head. “Want to play with me?”Peter sighed. “Believe me, Ned. I want to, but I have my physic’s midterm tomorrow morning. Night.” “. . .Parker. Mr. Parker. Am I interrupting your beauty sleep?”Peter’s eyes shot wide opened and he could feel that a bit of drool had escaped from his mouth. He sat up and he could hear his entire 8am Physics’ lecture class snickering. Peter reddened, and he realized that he had fallen asleep during his exam.He had barely finished the third question when he had decided to lay his head down for just one second. Apparently, he had fallen asleep for twenty minutes. Professor Bay was looking at him coldly. “Perhaps you shouldn’t have come to take the exam and you should have stayed home since you are so tired.”“No, I’m fine,” Peter said. “I’m sorry Professor, the past few days have been a mess.”“Save the excuses for someone who cares for poor explanations, Mr. Parker.” Professor Bay said as he took the non-finished exam from him. “Good afternoon, Mr. Parker.”Peter’s heart sank. That midterm was worth half of his grade, he had already flunked the class and he was only halfway through the semester. Peter felt like he was going to burst into tears. He grabbed his books and backpack and headed outside trying to ignore his classmates.He went outside and saw his old high school classmate and former bully Flash smoking a cigarette. He looked up and smirked when he saw Peter. “Hey, Sleeping Beauty.”Peter flushed and looked at his worn out shoes. Flash sneered as he looked at Peter’s thin jacket. “Damn it, Parker. Is your entire wardrobe from the Salvation Army?”“What do you want, Flash?” Peter snapped. He didn’t need Flash to stand here and criticize him, especially when he had done that all four years of high schools.Flash stared at him for a minute and then took a long drag from his cigarette. “I can help you, you know Parker. If you are having, you know money problems. Your aunt is still a nurse isn’t she? A nurse’s salary can’t pay for NYU.”“May isn’t paying for anything,” Peter said defensively. “I’m taking out loans.”“Still, NYU is expensive, and loans have interest.”“I’m going to be late for my next class.” Peter had no idea what Flash was doing. “Just spill out whatever you are trying to ask me, Flash.”“What’s your deal, Parker? I mean, I never really figured it out.”“My what?”Flash rolled his eyes. “What do you like to fuck? Women? Men? Both? Sex robots?”Peter turned red and he turned around to make sure that no one was eavesdropping. “Why do you care?”Flash snorted. He handed Peter a simple white card, in block letters it was written on it THE CAPTAIN and an address in Queens. “The guy who owns this place can help you out, help you get some extra money. Hell, maybe you can help your old aunt too.”“Help how?” Peter started panicking. “Dr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Virgin Peter Parker
Sugar Daddy
Alternate Universe
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
College Student Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Slow Burn
Sex
Eventual Romance
Eventual Happy Ending
Shy Peter Parker
Innocent Peter
Peter Parker is Eighteen

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

