Work Text:
 Darcy spent two years in a buttcrack of a town in New Mexico. Darcy took Intro to Organic Chemistry with Dr. Howes. Darcy once got a concussion so bad that she had to sit in a dark bedroom for two and a half days doing nothing. Darcy can handle boredom. She can.This is where boredom goes to die. Of boredom.They are literally watching mold grow.(Okay, so it's Asgardian royal mold, but still: mold. Despite its exotic origins, it still looks like the shit currently growing in Darcy's shower.)"Okay guys. Marry, fuck, kill. Avengers edition."Carolyn, Dr. Banner's new assistant and one of Darcy newest favourite people ever claps her hands in delight. She's basically the redheaded, slightly (incredibly) more credentialed version of Darcy. In fact, there was a bit of scuttlebutt when Banner hired her over just how Darcy-esque she was (and oh my god, Banner is old enough to be Darcy's father! blah blah blah), but Darcy knows that it's just that Banner responds to being handled in a non-pushy manner - which she has a black belt in - and Darcy refused to leave Jane, so…(Not that Darcy wouldn't ride Banner like Seabiscuit if given the opportunity. What? She's down for older dudes with anger management issues. But nope, Banner is pretty hopeless in the anything-but-science department.)"Darcy." Ooh, Jane is employing the Mom tone."Come on, I am so bored. The mold will not suffer if we have a bit of fun while it feeds off of whatever it is you shoved in that beakery pot thing.""Pig dung."Ew. "Now I understand the pleasant smell in here," Darcy says. "I thought Clint had just swung by after the gym without showering."It's quiet for a second, just the humming of the cooling towers on the North end of the lab."I'd totally fuck Clint," Carolyn says, breaking the silence and confirming why Darcy has a big ol' lady crush on her. "What? I don't know, my favourite movie growing up was Robin Hood. I have a thing for archery!"Darcy stares at her for a second. "It was the Disney version wasn't it?"Carolyn covers her face with her hands. "HE WAS A HANDSOME FOX, OKAY?"Jane and Darcy both laugh until their sides hurt while Carolyn looks just a bit mortified.Once the tears and chuckles stop, Darcy refocuses. "Come ON, Jane."Jane finally sighs and relents. "Okay, so I'd probably marry Th--""No Thor!""Darcy!""Jane, it is so boring if you include the dude you know you're going to eventually marry and pop out little demigods with. So let's just pretend that Thor…" Darcy looks up at the ceiling, perhaps posing the proposition to god or something, "got turned into a llama.""Oh my god." Jane legitimately looks horrified. It's awesome."Yep," Darcy says, "a llama. And," she pauses holding up a finger as Jane tries to interrupt her, "there was NO WAY of changing him back. Yep, you got your science on and crunched some numbers and there was no way for him to go back to Cut McBlondy, but it was okay, because he found another nice lady llama and had lots of llamaettes…""Crias," Carolyn supplies."Thanks. Yep, he had lots of crias, so… in this scenario of Thor being a llama and your lady business needing auditing, who would you marry, fuck, kill?"Carolyn is looking a little dubious. "Did you just turn the god of thunder into a llama?""Not the worst thing I've done to him."Carolyn turns to Jane who shrugs. "Don't look at me. I hit him with a car. TWICE.""Three times if you count New Jersey, Jane," Darcy says with a smile. Jane just looks irritated. After swiping him yet again in Trenton, they had all officially rescinded her permission to drive a motor vehicle."I suddenly understand why these guys never visit the lab," Carolyn says. Which is kind of a lie because Banner's in there all the time, and Clint and Barnes are always swinging around to be general nuisances. But yeah, come to think about it, Thor never visits the lab."Okay, so if Thor was a llama, and I had to marry an Avenger, I guess I'd choose… Steve?""Really?" The choice actually shocks Darcy. She definitely had Bruce already nailed down in that spot and tells Jane as much."No," Jane says. "Too much science. Remember Dr. Corbett?"Ooh, that had been ugly. She's right."So, marrying Steve, huh?" Darcy says, wiggling her eyebrows."Who's marrying Steve?" Natasha asks, making everyone jump. She's been doing that stealthy ninja shit again lately, popping into rooms and making her presence known only when she's at a could-snap-your-neck-in-a-heartbeat distance.Natasha is scary as shit. Fuck, Darcy loves her. It's gotten to the point where she wonders if SHIELD is fucking with her sexual identity because she's been having a lot of warm and fuzzy feelings for the ladies of SHIELD. They are just infinitely cooler and more badass than their male counterparts, who all have come to resemble horny teenagers to her as of late."Jane's marrying Steve!""HEY!" Jane yells defensively. "Only if Thor was a llama!"Natasha looks at all of them like they have legitimately lost their collective minds."Marr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
thor gets hypothetically turned into a llama
i think he'd be okay with it

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Steve Rogers

