Chapter 1



Notes:
It's me again, ya girl. And I'm here with my take on the Hanahaki AU.  I hope you guys like it and let me know what you think.*Knowledge of The Limitations of Wax is not necessary but could be useful for this story*   All flower meanings have been worked into the context of the fic but if there's any confusion I have included the link to where I pulled my meanings. 




Chapter Text

FLOWER MEANINGS
~~~Natasha Antonia Stark is born  wailing, a small destructive bundle of flailing limbs, thick black hair, and too bright eyes that almost kills Maria in the process.She screams and cries and it takes the nurses forever to calm her down, to get her settled and sleeping and above all else  quiet.Even as a newborn there’s some part of her that knows she needs to be loud, knows she needs to scream  scream scream until her lungs feel fit to burst  so that the whole  world  can hear her, so that  no one  can ignore her.She sets a precedent that night that follows her the rest of her life.~~~Maria holds her newborn daughter exactly twice.  Once directly after the birth, too drugged to really focus on what’s going on but blissed out enough with that new glow of motherhood to still want her child in her arms.The second time is the next day, freed from the harsh haze of sedatives and eager to look at her son.“A daughter.”  Maria’s face is a study in disappointment as she picks at the luxuriously soft blue blanket she’d specifically ordered and brought to the hospital for her son herself.  “Howard must be so displeased,” she sighs as she hands the girl over to the nurse and waves her away.Maria isn’t looking forward to having to get pregnant again to give Howard the son he so desperately wants but she’ll do it of course, as is her duty.As far as the girl is concerned, well at least they’ll be able to make sure she’ll marry well one day so it’s not a total lost cause.~~~Natasha is bundled into the lavish nursery that had been designed for the son Howard had wanted but not received.  It’s decorated in soft blues and golds, there’s a rocket ship mobile hanging over the crib and a thick padded chair in the corner.  A broad shoulder blond man salutes her with a smile from a glass covered poster on the wall.Howard and Maria hand the girl over to Jarvis and a wet nurse and go about their lives, back to SI and galas, back to scotch and spa days and other, more important things.  They only stop to deal with Natasha when there’s a photo shoot to be had or an opportunity to appear like a blissfully happy family for the press to be found.There’s no one there to see the way pink camellia petals mix with her tears as they slide down her cheeks when her eyes well up, turning to dust before they ever hit the mattress.There is no one there to see her longing spilling out around her as she cries and cries and  cries.~~~Natasha’s first word is  Jarvis.Her second is  listen.Her third is  look.Anything to break the quiet of the nursery she barely ever leaves now that her nurse is gone.She hasn’t seen either Maria or Howard at all for six months, only Jarvis and the blond man who smiles down at her from his place on her wall.  But she’s too young to understand why that’s wrong, why that’s a problem. After that she’s speaking in full sentences because it seems as if once she starts speaking Natasha  can’t stop.She grows quickly, runs almost as soon as she’s able to stand, and learns words by the bucket fulls almost faster than Jarvis can teach her.But those three words are still the ones she says most often.
 Jarvis look.  Jarvis listen.  Jarvis. Jarvis.  Jarvis. 
 Please someone look at/listen to me.~~~If no one notices the flower petals that sometimes stick to her hair or her face, if no one says anything about the blossoms sometimes found littering her bed and her sheets?Well it’s just one more thing that’s so easy to overlookTo see but not understand.One more secret in a house built on top of secrets far more terrible than a few misplaced blooms.~~~The last time Natasha cries real tears she’s four.Four with a broken circuit board in hand and broken crystal peppering her skin.Jarvis cleans her up and rocks her back and forth, back and forth, as she cries and cries and  cries.She feels it when he sucks in a sharp breath, hand freezing on her back.Natasha looks up, blinks helenium petals from her eyes instead of real tears, and watches the way his eyes go wide and almost frightened.His hand shakes as he brings it up to press gentle fingertips against the corner of her mouth.There’s a perfectly formed harebell blossom held between his fingers when he pulls his hand back.  And when Natasha looks down she sees that his lap is covered with a mix of helenium and harebell blossoms.Her tears and grief spilled out across the both of them.“Young miss,” Jarvis’ voice is quiet, urgent and almost frightened, “you must tell no one.  Sir and Ma’am … they must not find out. Please. You … you are  beautiful and there is nothing wrong with t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Stark Robots

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Abuse
Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Canonical Character Death
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Female Tony Stark
Pining
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Alternate Universe of an Alternate Universe
Language of Flowers
Hanahaki AU
With A Twist
Angst with a Happy Ending
Stand Alone

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Stark Robots

