Work Text:
 

A good ruler knows how to delegate. It was one of the first lessons T’Challa and Shuri were taught and he never understood why until he became king.

 

Running a country is hard work made even harder because none of T’Challa’s abilities meant much if he did not know how to temper them with some wisdom and cunning. T’Challa was good with finances, yes, but his expertise lay in figuring out discrepancies not in budgeting

 

He delegated.

 
T’Challa was good with hard labour but knew only the bare minimum of what he had learnt from his tutors about farming and agriculture.
 

He delegated.

 

T’Challa was good with using technology, sometimes in ways it wasn’t meant to be used but he knew nothing about the process of inventing, of research and development.

 

He delegated.

 

T’Challa was an excellent fighter, had proven himself to be the best in the country but didn’t know how to go about actively defending people.

 

He delegated.

 

And that is where our story begins.

 

 

Xoliswa had not agreed with T’Challa’s decision to offer Barnes and consequently Rogers sanctuary. She had said that it would bring too many suspicious eyes towards Wakanda. 

 

When Rogers and Barnes broke out their comrades from the prison, T’Challa pondered whether he had done the right thing. Bringing back the Scarlet Witch to his country even when it was the loss of his countrymen in Lagos due to her actions that had prompted his father to take a part in the drafting of the Accords had more than just a few doubts rising. A few hours of being the company of the so called Team Cap, watching as they deflected all and any blame onto Stark only made that thought more coherent.

 

When international news reported on the extensive injuries Tony Stark had suffered at the hands of his former teammate, the one who had assured him that Stark was fine, his doubts solidified into the realisation that Xoliswa was right. He most certainly should not have offered Rogers sanctuary. 

 

T’Challa delegated keeping his people safe from Team Cap to Xoliswa and washed his hands of the affair.

 

 

Xoliswa had enlisted his sister’s help as T’Challa had known she would. It calmed him down, he trusted the Dora implicitly, of course, his trust for his sister ran only deeper. Between the two they would be cunning and cutthroat about what they did but would never be unfair.

 

Xoliswa made the plans, Shuri implemented them and T’Challa read the reports later.

 

They made a good team.

 

Xoliswa had compiled evidence of the witch being very loose with her powers, the tendrils of red slipping out of her almost constantly. She also had an extensive list of complaints from staff attending to Rogers and his ilk and their discomfort with her being so free with her powers. Another report was dedicated to Wanda Maximoff’s powers, the manner in which they were used, the harm they could cause and the ways of stopping them.

 

The last one was bare save for information about a collar. 

 

It was a troubling report especially when combined with the fact that little to no knowledge of her as an Avenger was known while her repertoire as a HYDRA lackey was fairly extensive. So, T’Challa gave her carte blanche to deal with the girl as she needed to.

 

It was Shuri who facilitated her plan. While the others would inevitably be skittish about the plans, enough that Maximoff would pick up on the emotions, Shuri was calm even in the face of a storm. 

 

Shuri played up her role as the princess, reluctantly doing the job T’Challa had assigned her. He almost laughed, as if he would ever be able to command Shuri to do something she didn’t want to.

 

When Rogers and his troupe believed her, going so far as to gloat about it back in their quarters, all amusement fled T’Challa. He wondered if it was that they were all just that deluded or if the world outside Wakanda was just so restrictive.

 

Still, the ‘reluctant’ Princess Shuri carried out her duties, being so involved in the medical field it only made sense that she handle their health checkups. After all, Wakanda was a different country with different diseases and germs that were the norm, a vaccine was only common sense. 

 

Sam Wilson had been to ‘Africa’ before for some volunteer work and he only backed her up by talking of his experiences with the same. The blip of anger Shuri had felt and that T’Challa certainly had when he heard Sam Wilson talk about Africa like a giant homogenous landmass was noticed by Wanda MAximoff who only smirked.

 

T’Challa’s opinion of the girl worsened.

 

It was worth going along with it just to inject her and the rest with the implants they devised for them under the guise of a vaccine. The implants would work their way through their bloodstreams, setting up little triggers near the major organs before settling into their brain stem as a bomb. 

 

T’Challa was a member of the Accords council, he had seen footage of what she had done to her ‘friend’ Visi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Character Death
Slight gore?
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Shuri & T'Challa (Marvel)

