Work Text:
 
 
"So what do you think?" Sam asks when he wakes up, peering over his magazine with bright eyes. It takes a little time to focus, a little coughing and sputtering and Sam has the decency to drop his magazine aside and fill up a plastic cup for him. "Thanks," Steve rasps, gulping down the contents. Some foul taste lingers in the back of his throat, like saltwater —like sand and smoke and blood, like things he wants to forget— that doesn't wash away even after four cups. He hears the soft drone of a saxophone from Sam's iPod. It's a good tune, soothing, heavy. Almost makes him want to go back to sleep again and never wake up. "I like it," he says, watching Sam's mouth curl at the edges. There's something else there, too. Something else that puts a shadow on Sam's brow and deepens the tired lines around his eyes. "Your boy got away," Sam whispers, "Left a couple of tracks at the shore and disappeared." Steve knows this already. It's not like he was expecting him to wait around after all that, to run back into Steve's arms and say 'Stevie, buddy, you know I couldn't go, not like that, not without you...' "Natasha said she'd do some digging when she gets the chance, which isn't gonna be soon, what with the suits breathing down her neck, trying to lock us all up. A lot of paperwork. But she'll get to it. You just need to relax, get your mind off of it. Take the proper time to heal." Steve wasn't expecting that cautious tone. Sure, he's in a pretty bad place right now, with IVs hooked up to his body and Bucky's sad, sad face stuck in his mind, but it's not like he's gonna do anything drastic. It's not like he's gonna rip out all these wires and limp out into the streets screaming Bucky's name, over and over and over— He can't stop coughing. Sam hands him another cup of water, eyeing him carefully. For a moment, Steve is nineteen again, sprawled out on a dirty mattress with a paper-thin blanket over his frail form, shivering in the darkness. Bucky's there, too, holding a mug against his dry lips and a wet cloth on his forehead. He shushes him every time Steve says he's dying, 'dying, Buck, just like my ma', calls him an idiot with a voice that sounds like he's swallowed ten whole rolls of sandpaper. "Take it easy on that, Cap. I know you got magical superpowers and everything, but even with your healing abilities, abdominal wounds still need a lotta care. If you were any other guy, you wouldn't be drinking any water for some time." Steve smiles at that. "Alright, doc. Whatever you say." Whatever Sam sees in him puts him at ease. He goes back to his magazine after a while, his mouth still curled a little at the edges, and Steve goes back to not sleeping, not thinking about Bucky and his frightened, sandpaper voice. — He dreams that Bucky comes to him that night, after Sam is gone and the nurses are changing for the midnight shift, and here he looks less like the Winter Soldier and more like good old Bucky with a really bad hangover. "Can't get a break even when I'm dreaming, huh?" Bucky only stares at him. That short stubble of his is well on its way to becoming a full beard, and Steve just wants to reach over with some foam and a razor and fix him up real nice like Bucky always liked. The man's gaze runs over his form, half-hidden under white sheets and clear wires, under that itchy hospital gown, as though evaluating the damage. Ninety percent of it came from his bullets. Ten percent of it from that metal fist. "It's alright, Buck," Steve rasps, "I'm pumped full of cortisone. Can't feel a damn thing." And the weak smile he tries to give would've worked just fine if his lungs hadn't decided to seize up and send him coughing like an old man right at that moment. He tries to reach over to the bedside table, behind that damn IV that always seems to be in the way of something, but with the way his lungs are burning and those stitches feeling like they're coming apart at the seams, he can't really do much. Steve's just about to give up when he feels the cool cup press against his palm. "Gotta be careful, Stevie. The weather ain't getting any better, and that asthma sure as hell ain't either. Gonna have to get some soup in ya, even if you don't feel like eating." It must be a dream, some warped memory from long ago, it must be— But then Bucky's eyes grow wide like he just realized the words came out of his own mouth, and before Steve has the time to even breathe, Bucky's already gone. — It's a few weeks later when the topic comes up. "He came to me," Steve says, and Natasha doesn't seem surprised at all. She barely flinches, doesn't even give him that signature judgmental stare that makes Steve want to curl up on the ground with his shield over him. She hands him the folder along with a red flash drive, and though it's only some paper and a piece of metal, Steve feels like it's the heaviest thing he's ever held in his life. "Don't go looking, Steve." "Natasha, he's my friend, I need to—" "I didn't mean it lik
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Frottage
Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

