Chapter 1: Father Figure
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 I.  "Ow, shit."Peter's eye throbs painfully after webbing a mugger against the wall of a small store. Actually, everywhere throbs with what's most likely blossoming bruises. Swinging to the top of a small apartment building, Peter rips the mask off of his head. He groans, gingerly pressing the pads of his fingers against the injured eye. Enhanced healing or not, a dark bruise would surely be visible there for at least a day or two."Karen, what time is it?" Peter asks."It's currently 7:34 in the evening," the AI replies evenly. "I suspect that your aunt will be expecting you home at around this time."Peter drops down to the ground, running in the undergrowth behind the houses to avoid any witnesses that could track him to his home. After locating his apartment, Peter scales the brick walls, carefully avoiding the windows. Reaching his floor, he peeks into his bedroom window. The door to his bedroom is ajar and he can see May in the kitchen from where he is, but that doesn't really matter. Not anymore. Casting a brief glance over his shoulder, he slides the frame down and crawls into his own room, dropping down onto the floor and closing the window behind him."Hi, Aunt May," Peter greets tiredly. He doesn't bother taking the suit off right then and there, slipping past May and the burnt dinner and grabbing an orange from the fruit bowl."Hey Peter, how was—oh." The warm smile drops from his aunt's face as she catches sight of the darkening bruise and Peter's exhausted expression, replaced by concern.She hesitates, very obviously trying not to point out the obvious. "Um, how was it today?"Peter shrugs. "Busy. Tiring. The usual."May swallows. "Do you want to talk about it?""Not really. Sorry," he feels the need to add. The pitying look in May's eyes makes him feel a little sick inside. He should probably start getting used to it soon.Peter feels hands wrapping around him, pulling his face into her shoulder. "You know that you can tell me anything, right?""Yeah, I know." Peter leans heavily onto her. "I stopped a mugging today. It was fun, but he got me good across the face." It would be pointless to make up some bullshit excuse. She can monitor anything he does off of YouTube, anyway."Oh! I nearly forgot to tell you," May says suddenly, holding Peter out at arm's length. "My boss needs some of us to go out to Idaho for a month or so in a couple of days. They have a shortage on staff. She agreed to double my wage if I volunteered." She furrows her eyebrows. "I know it's a really short notice, but I thought it'd be good for us if I could go. If you don't want me to, then I don't have t—""No!" Peter interrupts quickly. "No, you should definitely go. I'll be fine over here, May. I can ask Ned if I can stay over at his."May purses her lips. "Actually, I don't think that's a very good idea. I want someone who can monitor you while I'm gone.""But Ned already knows about Spider-Man!" Peter protests."I meant someone who could actually keep you in check, not a sidekick who would encourage you to go out every afternoon saving the day." She sneaks him a small grin. "I figured you'd encourage me to go, so I've already phoned Tony about it, and he's agreed to allow you to stay at the Tower. There are a lot of vacant rooms there, and he's lending you one for free.""T-Tony Stark?" Peter whispers, though he's not sure why he's whispering when they're the only two people in the room. "And you mean the Tower as in the Avengers Tower?""Yes, the Avenger's Tower." She smiles at his awed expression. "You're fine with that, right? You could work on...whatever you need to work on at your time there too," May offers, gesturing down at his suit, which Peter didn't even remember he was wearing.Peter nods fervently. "Yeah! I mean, yeah, um, how many days did you say there were until you leave? Two?" May nods. "I'll start packing and stuff, then."She gives him a warm peck on the cheek, ushering him away. "Try not to make a fool of yourself." ~ ~ ~ Happy's car pulls up to the Avengers Tower. Peter peers up at the slightly daunting building.Parking in one of the open areas beside the building, he turns around in his seat to look at Peter, who's sitting in the back row. "If anyone asks you who you are, you're a new intern working for Tony." Peter nods in confirmation. That had always been his alibi, anyway.Despite having fought with Tony Stark and owning a suit under the billionaire's name, it occurs to him that he had never been here before; only to what would soon be the new Headquarters after his leave. From inside the car, he can only make out the bottom of the massive 'A' that's plastered against the top of the Tower."You gonna get out, or do you need someone to carry you?" Happy's irritated voice snaps him from his awestruck daze. Peter hastily climbs out of the car, going back to retrieve his suitcase from the trunk. He 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Cute Peter Parker
dad tony stark
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
5+1 Things
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Mild Profanity
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
scott lang is nowhere to be seen
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Dropped - Freeform
please stop reading this i hate it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

