Work Text:
Stark is standing in the common living room, a half-full glass of fine whiskey in one hand, eyes fixated on the far-away horizon. In the dim light, Wanda can only see his outline against the window, all sharp edges and rustling fabric, the soft ‘clink’ where he taps his finger against the glass.It’s four AM, and for the first time the two of them are alone with each other. Wanda almost turns on her heels and leaves. Returns to her room that is beautiful and brilliant and empty, will always be empty, because Pietro is gone, gone where she can’t follow, and that is the one thing she can’t forgive. She never will.Steve’s blank face and red-rimmed eyes haunt her though, and it’s an easier ghost to bear than her brother, so Wanda stays. She doesn’t want to get involved, doesn’t want to interact with Stark more than she absolutely has to, but she’s starting to get to know Clint and Romanov and Sam–and she knows nobody else will do it in her stead.“Why did you do it?” Wanda asks, the question they’ve all been wondering for the past few days. “Why did you reject Steve?”She doesn’t like Stark–will never like him, because it isn’t in her to forgive a slight, real or imagined it may be–but over the past months she has gotten better at reading him. And though Wanda doesn’t like it, she knows Stark loves Steve. Maybe more than he admits to himself, maybe more than he loves anyone else. And yet he’s rejected Steve, once the man finally opened his eyes after getting hit with a clue train or two, curtsey of Sam Wilson.But it doesn’t make sense, no matter how often Wanda turns the events over in her head. Because she knows Stark, knows him better than she’ll ever admit. Stark’s fatal flaw is loyalty–and she’ll never forgive that, never forgive that the man who’s cost her her parents has a flaw so pure, because holding grudges is what Wanda does–and he won’t ever stop loving Steve. For all his bluster and denial, even Stark has to know that, and yet he’s thrown it all away. It doesn’t make sense.Stark makes a scoffing sound that has her blood boiling almost on reflex. “Why is everyone so concerned with mine and Cap’s nonexistent relationship? Seriously, witchy, get a life. So Cap’s moping a bit ‘cause his pride got hurt. He’ll get over it.”Wanda clenches her hands into fists at the careless words. Refuses to let them fool her. She knows better, knows best where to aim her hits to really hurt, and there’s only so much anyone can fake. Even Tony Stark.“That’s not an answer.”“Look, sweetheart, it may not fit into your tiny, narrow-minded world view, but I’m not a complete asshole. Cap’s vulnerable and confused right now. He’s still hurting over Peggy–don’t tell me he isn’t, you’ve seen him when he comes back from those visits–and still coming to terms with the whole bisexuality business. It’s not the right time for him to get in a relationship.”Wanda can’t see Stark’s face as he says those things, but there’s no missing the bitterness in his voice. If she trusted him, just a little bit, she might have believed it. She might have let it go.“Oh please,” she mocks instead. “You’re superheroes. There’s never gonna be a right time or place for you. Those are just excuses.”There’s a long moment of silence where Wanda waits for Stark to deny it and Stark doesn’t bother. Still, it takes her by surprise when he speaks up, quiet and thoughtful, and as close to honest as he ever gets around her.“Peggy is a ghost of missed chances and haunting what ifs.” He mulls over that for a moment, like he’s just revealed something profound and unexpected. “I could have lived with that,” Stark continues eventually, voice lower than before. “Ghosts fade over time. I could have waited.”A small part of Wanda wonders at what cost Stark could have done it, but that’s not the point he’s trying to make, and she supposes it doesn’t matter.“But Barnes.” Stark barks a sudden laugh. “Barnes is alive. And Steve will never stop looking for him.” He turns then, and though his face is cast in shadows Wanda knows he’s looking straight at her. “I could have lived with a ghost, but Barnes is more than that. Sooner or later, he’ll remember that. And when the time comes, there’s nothing Steve won’t do to get him back.”There’s something heavy in Stark’s voice, something like longing or sadness, but Wanda shrugs it off. She refuses to feel bad, can’t feel bad, not for Stark.“So you threw Steve’s affection for you back in his face because you’re jealous and refuse to share him with his best friend one day in the far off future,” Wanda snarks instead, mean and cutting, and still not quite as cruel as she intends to be.Surprisingly, shockingly – or perhaps not, because it’s 4 AM and the dim light has a way of stripping off masks like nothing else in the world – Stark doesn’t get mad or defensive, or laughs that sarcastic laugh of his and disappears behind a swell of meaningless words meant only to confuse and insincere smiles that blind.He tilts his head instead, an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Bitter Sunday
Bitterness
Fatal Flaws AU
Everyone has a fatal flaw
Unresolved Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bitter Tony
bitter Wanda
Wanda holds grudges
Tony never puts himself first
Steve doesn't know how to accept help
It's all a giant mess
Civil War through Wanda's eyes
not a fix it
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
None
