Work Text:
Rebecca Perlman sighed when Tony walked in the door. His efforts at disguise were ludicrous, but, surprisingly effective. He drew stares, but it had more to do with the stringy mullet, the foam and mesh trucker cap, and the stained Iron Maiden shirt being questionable attire for a mid-range family diner, than the fact that he was Tony Stark. With a snorted laugh, she waved him over to her booth and rolled her eyes as he slid in and pulled off the over-large, gold-rimmed sunglasses. "Subtle, Tony.""What?" He dropped the glasses onto the sticky formica-topped table and poked at the vinyl menu. "Do I even want to know why you have a mullet wig?"He smirked. "Ah, it was a hell of a party.""I guess it had to be," she shook her head and watched him pick up the menu by one corner and hesitantly open it. "Just stick with the coffee, Tony, and you'll survive your time down here with us mortals."He dropped the menu and looked around. "Seems like a ... nice? Nice place.""Yeah, sure, the faux wood-panelling really adds something."With a small laugh, he shrugged. "I spent some all-nighters in places like this back in college.""Well, enjoy the nostalgia." Rebecca watched him for a moment and then looked down at her own menu, licking her lips nervously. "Thanks for coming today.""Sure. So, no offense, but I didn't really expect a call from you.""We had fun, but, yeah, I didn't expect to make the call."His gaze, which had been bouncing around the room, taking in everything, evaluating, and God only knew what he was seeing through genius eyes, focused on her intently. "Lay it on me, Beck.""I'm pregnant."He stiffened and his eyes darted away from her to look out the window. "Relax," she sighed. "I'm not asking for anything from you.""No?" He asked, sounding more than a little skeptical. Of course, he'd expect she wanted something, he had to have some suspicion when she called and asked to meet, and when didn't somebody want something from the golden boy?"No," she insisted firmly. "Well, my sister suggested I castrate you, but I had to remind her I was a willing participant."Shifting uncomfortably, he shot her a look. "I certainly thought so.""But, I thought you deserved to know," she continued.Sucking a long breath in through his nose, he tapped his fingers on the table. "So ... uh, well, okay." The rhythm of his fingers increased to an agitated tattoo. "You're sure it's mine?""Very sure," she gave him a rueful smile. "You're the only candidate.""Huh. Okay." His restless fingers found the sunglasses and he fiddled with the arms. Tony Stark, off-balance, this whole thing might nearly have been worth it just for that. Well, maybe not exactly, but at least she got some small entertainment from the situation. The waitress came by while Tony digested the news, and Rebecca ordered a coffee for him and tea for her. "I don't actually know what to say here," he told her after the waitress left."Kind of a shock, I know," Rebecca agreed with a small nod. "I've had a few weeks to get used to it.""Kind of?" He laughed bitterly and slumped back in the booth. "Yeah."Rebecca chewed on the inside of her lip and stared at him for a long moment. "Okay, I lied a little. I do want something from you."Tony's eyes flashed with something dark, and the blank mask of indifference fell over his face as he tried to cover the tick of disappointment, and maybe even betrayal, that pulled at the corners of his mouth. Rebecca shook her head, if she could have come up with another way of laying this news on him, she would have. She really hadn't wanted to ambush him with this. But, well, how else did you do this? She leaned forward over the table and grabbed one twitching hand. "I want you to help me give her a normal life.""Normal," he echoed as if the word was foreign. And, she supposed, to him it was. "Well, I wouldn't say no to some sort of child support -- my sister insisted I bring it up, so now I can tell her I did -- but honestly, what I want more than anything is for this baby to be safe and happy.""I don't do safe," he said, sounding mulish as he pulled his hand away from hers. "That's why what I'm really going to ask for from you is that you not fight me over her."He frowned at her and stroked a finger across his mustache. "Okay, two things. One, you say it's mine, but that's just your word.""True. I'll do a paternity test, if that's what you want." Rebecca shrugged. "I figured you'd ask, and I should have offered first. This is as hard for me as it is for you, believe it or not."He snorted. "Okay.""Two?""You keep saying her, but you can't be far enough along to know. I mean, I don't know much about," he waved a hand at her midsection and looked a little squeamish. "But, could be a him, right?"She laughed. "Fair enough. But I couldn't keep calling her 'it' and I'm crossing my fingers I don't end up with a Tony junior." She raised her eyebrows and gave him an amused but challenging smirk, that grew into a smile as he scowled. With narrowed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter
Tony's Really Bad At This
but he tries

fandom: 
None
