Chapter 1: Leaving Promises Against Your Skin
    




Chapter Text
“You don’t deserve it,” he said because for a second he thought that Steve was going to kill him with the shield that his father had made, the one that he had chosen out of all the ones that Howard had offered him.

“You don’t deserve it,” he said because he wanted to hurt Steve enough to push him away.

He wanted to throw himself at Steve. Get one last shot in, push him as hard and as far away as he could. Leave as permanent of a scar on him as Steve had left on his wrist.

Grab hold of him and not let go.

He wanted to hurt Steve enough for him to stop. To stay.

His hands curled into tight fists, and he stayed immobilized on the ground.

“You don’t deserve it,” he said because he wanted to ask what he did to deserve him instead, but he didn’t know how.

He had never deserved Steve.

He deserved better than this.

He didn’t know what he deserved.

Steve paused, bowing his head, and Tony knew his blow had landed, four sharp hooks gouged into Steve’s skin, ready to slice his back open the moment he took a step away from him.

Please, he thought desperately, though he didn’t know what he was asking for.

He had always been able to get under Steve’s skin from the very beginning.

And Steve had always responded.

Tony watched as Steve dropped the shield and walked on, not looking back once.
 
It shouldn’t have hurt this badly.

It was old hat by now, this cycle of betrayal and abandonment. Let someone in. Let someone go. Rinse and repeat.

He had a lifetime of preparation, learning to carve out the parts of himself that hurt with more precision after every round. Amputate and the wounds wouldn’t fester; amputate and he wouldn’t get soft with decay and collapse. He had become empty by the time he was in his twenties, and while he had clawed out of that void after becoming Iron Man, old habits died hard and Obie had reminded him that there was wisdom in distance.

So when Natalie had become Natasha, when Fury had told him he failed his boy band audition, when Steve had been disappointed in him because of Ultron, it was easy to roll with the punches. Tony knew how to step away so that the glancing stab, always surprisingly sharper than he expected, wouldn’t run through him even if it landed, knew how to staunch the wound and smother the pain so that it wouldn’t spread through him like poison.

So that it wouldn’t leave him like this, flayed open, every bit of him raw and exposed, bleeding everywhere. He felt like crying and he could if he wanted to—there was no one with him here, miles above the ocean where Steve had spent the better part of sixty years, where he bitterly wished Steve had stayed except he didn’t, not really, because he knew what that was like, dying alone in the darkness—but his chest hurt too much to even breathe and the tears didn’t come as if he had forgotten how to shed them. They welled up inside him, rising past chest level up to his throat, up past his mouth, his nose, and he wanted to tear out of his skin, to pry open his rib cage and flee his body so that he wouldn’t suffocate on them.

He couldn’t breathe. Steve’s betrayal sat heavily on his chest, lodged there in the shield’s stead, keeping air from his lungs. He was cracked open, naked. He was shut in, trapped.

The lands shifted below him, tens of thousands of feet away, but this high up where the movement was imperceptible, he was fixed in limbo, white space stretching infinitely in every direction, his thoughts on a numbing loop.

How could he pounded dully in his head over and over again.

And then how could he, how could he, how could he turned into how could I have been so stupid, how could I let this happen, how could I have not prevented this, and if Steve had never said his word, Tony thought furiously and hopelessly, if he hadn’t realized it had been his word, then he wouldn’t have let—

Yes, he would.

Because this was the terrible, inescapable truth: he loved Steve, had fallen in love with Steve long before Steve had said his word—and in doing so, placed his faith in a man who may have never existed.

Tony wondered if his mother had felt that way in the end. Dying because of her soulmate’s obsession. Because of his soulmate’s…

His soulmate’s…

Barnes’s hand had been around his mother’s neck. He had reached in with his real hand—why had he done that with his real hand, his metal one would have been safer, more impersonal and anonymous—and he had killed her, knowing exactly how her pulse felt under his fingers as he squeezed, how her windpipe felt as he crushed it in a vise, how her fingernails felt against his skin as she scratched him, her hands scrabbling—

Her hands. Her hands that held his when she had seen his word, that had been warm and gentle and reassuring even as she spoke with a ferocity that Tony had never heard from her before. He almost felt them on him now, a phantom imprint from years past that time had never managed to fully wash away.

“Ne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Angst
Healing
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

