Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James -Bucky to his friends- entered the world of modeling about a year ago after what felt like a series of freakishly lucky breaks. Missing an arm and fresh out of the war, he'd found a good therapist that kicked his ass until he voluntarily left his apartment for more than life-or-death schedule. Not content to deal with just his emotional well-being, she'd gotten him an interview that miraculously ended with him being picked for a pilot prosthetic program. From there he'd met three different tech specialists and two medical doctors and gotten a shiny metal arm. This somehow lead to him being noticed by a scout at the local gym, and recruited for a modeling job, that turned into two, that turned into six... Until James realized that aside from a day of being told where to stand and what to wear, he didn't really have to be social and could earn more than enough money to buy himself a place in Brooklyn.He's also near to Steve, his best friend, which means he cuts down on annoyingly fluttering phone calls but wakes up to his best friend in his living room snickering and God-knows-what at any given hour of the day.Today is such a day, and there is loud snickering. Burying his head under a pillow, Bucky groans as loudly as he can and then sits up when the amusement escalates to laughter. "Jesus fucking Christ, PUNK. What the hell are you laughing at?""You'll have to get out of bed and come see!" Steve sing-songs, just like Bucky knew he would."I was up till one am doing a shoot for some designer leather jacket, and you got me up at-" Bucky pauses and squints at the clock. "At six am? You're a monster, Stevie.""I brought you coffee from that shop you like and I'm gonna sit here laughing until you get out here." Steve threatens. "If I run out of mine, I'll drink yours, too. Then I'll call Sam and Clint, and I think it's Tasha's day off-""ALRIGHT." Bucky snaps, relenting and casting aside his blankets to stomp from his bedroom to the living room where his friend is sprawled on the sofa. "You drink my coffee this early, and I'll kill you. Now whatcha laughin' at?"Steve is sprawled out on the entire length of the sofa, a tablet braced on his abs and a cup in hand. He looks utterly comfortable in a henley and jeans, his leather bomber jacket and scarf abandoned over the kitchen bar. As Bucky watches Steve braces his legs on the far arm of the couch, booted feet carefully not touching the material.There's a muffled snort, and a pause while Steve takes a long sip of his coffee. "Hey, Buck.. You r'member that scarf campaign you did?""Yeah, it was like the first one after my new arm." He rolls the arm in question, the metal plates gleaming in the soft light of the morning. He hadn't been comfortable with it at the time, flashing bare metal in a shoot that called for a scarf and jeans. But the thick loops of the fabric-covered his scars, leaving only part of his torso and his arms bare. With one metal and one flesh, it certainly had made a statement.He likes the arm now, it fits him more than he thought it would. Its movements are smooth and almost natural, have been steadily improving with each upgrade until he even has sensation and pressure gauging, now. Evidently the head of the department is constantly making upgrades, so Bucky has a standing appointment with one of his techs every month to get it checked over. He's probably due for another, but that's certainly not the reason Steve is here.Buck gives it another beat, barely avoids tapping his foot, and then prods gently. "So?""So someone made a parody."Bucky gives an extra long pause, snatching up his drink and sipping slowly before drawling his reply. "Ohkaaay."Steve snorts again, handing over the tablet with a shake of his head. It's an Instagram page, that much Bucky can see right away. The title reads Mini Mechanic vs Model, and half the photos squares are of him. He says half, because every other image appears to be a sweet two-year-old boy, wearing a nearly identical copy of the outfit Bucky's modeling, and almost always beaming widely."What the hell?" He laughing but he can't help it, falling into a seat when Steve yanks him down by the waist of his pants.Steve just rolls his eyes, reaching over and prodding a square until the image of James leaning against the wall in nothing but denim jeans and a dark navy scarf wrapped in a lazy serpentine fashion about his neck fills the screen. The wall behind him is a somewhat industrial grey, bland and unassuming but it makes the storm-color of Bucky's eyes and the gold of his skin shine. Even the silver metal of his arm glints bright against it.Bucky's dark hair was still shorter then, closer to the military crop but growing out enough to soften his overall image. They had styled it up like he might have worn it before the war, brushed up and back in the front in a style Steve would endlessly refer to as "fluffy". Sitting well out of frame and offering moral support while he could, Steve 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau

freeform: 
Pre-Slash
Gen or Pre-Slash
Social Media
Modeling
Prosthesis
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Slow Burn
Getting Together
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Alternate Universe - Modern: No Powers
Artist Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Parent Tony Stark
Mechanic Tony Stark
Model James "Bucky" Barnes
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Arc Reactor
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fluff and Angst
Banter
Sarcasm
Post-Iron Man 1
Kid Peter Parker
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Big Brother Dick Grayson
Toddler Damian Wayne
Kid Tim Drake
Minor Character(s)
Minor Original Character(s)
Harley Keener - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne
Carol Danvers/Maria Rambeau

