Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I’m not breaking up with you, Tony. I just––I just can’t be with you right now.”
It was stupid, but half of Tony’s brain was listening to Steve, and half of his brain was noticing there was a leak, somewhere in the shop. He could hear the water dripping. Maybe in one of the sinks. 
He let five drips go by before he answered Steve. Because he’d known this was coming, but being braced for a blow didn’t always make it hurt less, and he kind of wanted to be a dick. “Right,” he said, crossing his arms over his chest. He kept his eyes fastened on the schematics for the suit that were spinning slowly in the center of the workshop. “And why is that, exactly?”
“Bucky is... a mess,” Steve said, the little catch in his voice belying the multitudes contained in the word “mess.” Tony had a vivid imagination, though. He could fill in the gaps. “He’s going to need a lot of help. And I––I have to be there for him. I owe him that.”
“Okay.” Two drips. “And why does that mean you can’t be with me?”
He knew why, of course. But he was a little curious to see if Steve knew why. 
“I’m––you––we’re a lot,” Steve said, with difficulty. “When I’m with you, I don’t think about much else. And I can’t––I can’t be thinking about you, about us, when Bucky needs me.”
“Right.” Tony wondered if that was supposed to be a compliment. “So... you’re not breaking up with me, but you can’t be with me, because we’re too much for you to handle while you’re trying to help Barnes with his recovery.”
“Yes,” Steve said, sounding relieved. “Yes. Exactly. But I don’t––I don’t know how long it’s going to be. The doctors say it could take... a long time. Or...”
Or never. Barnes was pretty fucked in the head. He wasn’t catatonic, and Tony had read the files, he had to give the man credit for that. But he’d need a lot of help, for a long time. 
Tony just nodded. “So... do you want me to wait?”
Steve sucked in a breath like Tony had punched him in the stomach. As though Tony was the one hurting him, and not the other way around. “It’s not fair of me to ask that of you,” Steve said.
“That isn’t what I asked.”
“Do you want to... see other people?” Steve finally asked, four drips later, sounding as though the words were choking him. 
“Not really,” Tony said, trying to make the admission as nonchalant as possible. Even though he thought that ship had sailed a long time ago. No one who knew him operated under the delusion that he had any chill at all about Steve. Or that Steve had any about him, for that matter. “I think you know what I want. But it doesn’t seem like I’m going to get it, so I’m trying to figure out what the rules of this arrangement are.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said roughly. “This is so unfair to you. Maybe we should just––”
“No,” Tony said. He tore his eyes away from the 3D schematics of the suit and looked at Steve. “No. Look––I get it, I guess. You don’t know how long it’s going to take. And I don’t want to see other people, not right now. Maybe we just wait and see. And if I want to start seeing other people, I’ll tell you.”
Steve nodded. He ducked his head. “Yeah. Yeah, okay.” He sucked in a quick breath. “And it’s still okay for us to stay here, in the tower? I know you offered, but that was before––”
“The tower is your home,” Tony said, as gently as he knew how. “It’s Barnes’s home, too, if he wants it to be. I think you’re both safest here, anyway.”
Steve nodded. “Thank you.”
Silence. Tony listened to the dripping pipe. “Was there anything else?” he finally asked, after five more drips. 
Steve swallowed audibly. “No, just. I’m sorry. I know this is painful. I wish I thought it could be any different. But I just––I let go of Bucky once before, and this time I––I have to hold on as hard as I can. And I don’t––I don’t think I can do that if––if we’re together, too.”
Steve’s wording there was telling, Tony thought. Steve had insisted that he and Barnes weren’t like that, but Tony had always suspected otherwise. And clearly there was some reason that Steve’s relationship with Tony and his relationship with Barnes were mutually exclusive in Steve’s head. Tony didn’t really buy that it was just that his relationship with Tony took up time and energy. It was that maintaining both at the same time didn’t seem possible to him. So Steve had to choose. 
Tony wasn’t sure if it was better or worse that Steve wasn’t walking away altogether. In some ways, a clean break would be easier. But Tony had been telling the truth when he’d said that he wasn’t interested in seeing anyone else. Because––and this was what fucking sucked––he loved Steve. He loved Steve. And he couldn’t let go of the tiny bit of hope he had that someday, when Barnes was better, Steve might come back to him after all. 
Tony lost count of how many drips passed before he finally spoke again. “I understand,” he said. “It’s okay.”
Steve sighed. “It’s not. But thank you for saying so.”
Tony didn’t say anything. Steve turned around and left the workshop. 
Tony sat down 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Sickfic
Fluff and Angst
Relationship Negotiation
Polyamory
Sick Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Nightmares
Fever Dreams
Fever
Nausea
Nursemaid Bucky
Tony Stark Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

