Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Summary:

“I’m sorry Peter.”





Chapter Text

Thud.
His feet landed softly on the hard cement of the rooftop, his fingers on his left hand pressing gently against the surface to balance himself. The crouched position had become one of his trademark poses whilst out on the streets of New York, one he hadn’t really intended to adopt, but he used nonetheless. He looked up to see the sun slowly receding behind the buildings in the distance. Peter usually made the effort to catch a glimpse of the setting sun in the afternoon, something he could only do on school days, but it was one of his favourite parts of the day. The oranges and pinks that streaked through the sky that evening were more magnificent than usual, and Peter found himself perched on the edge of the building as the glowing orb shrunk further and further. He cringed a little bit as he sat there, his ribs aching from the fight he’d been in earlier. Hopefully, he’d be able to hide it from dad and pops.He’d come to this particular rooftop often, as it was tall enough to allow him to see almost all of Manhattan stretched out before him, as well as Queens and Brooklyn over to his right. A strong sense of ease and security flooded through him as the building he was on, afforded him the view of The Avenger’s Tower in the distance. 
Home.
The building now dominated the New York skyline and would be hard to miss from any other building in the entire city. However, from where he was now, he could just make out his bedroom window on one of the upper floors, with his enhanced sight, and cringed slightly as he realised that he must have left his light on this morning. Pops was going to be so mad when he got home. Peter frowned a little bit at that, thinking that normally, his pops would’ve turned the light off anyway, and gotten mad at him later. He hoped he and dad hadn’t been called out on another mission today. Dad had only just returned from work stuff the other day, so he was really looking forward to some time with the two of them. Deciding that he was going to have to start heading home and find out for himself, Peter dusted himself off and shot a web out at one the nearest buildings. Making sure it was secure, he jumped off the ledge confidently and swung his way towards the Tower.
He straightened out his clothes nervously before walking through the sliding doors of his home. He still, after so many years, found it weird to share the entrance to his home with the thousands of other people who made their way in and out of the tower every day, but the guards and receptionists were familiar enough with him, that he no longer had to go through any of the additional security procedures upon entry. He received a nod from one of the current ladies on shift behind the counter and gave her a slight smile as he made his way towards the elevator. He fiddled around in his bag for a few seconds, sure he’d put his clearance card in here this morning. After another minute or two of thoroughly searching through his backpack, he cursed angrily at the realisation that his card simply wasn’t there. Yeah, maybe it wasn’t the safest thing in the world to leave his backpack lying in the nearest alleyway whilst he was out webslinging. Ducking his head sheepishly, he made his way towards the receptionist he’d partially greeted before. “Hey.”She looked up at him with a kind smile.“Good afternoon, Mr Parker, what can I do for you?”When he’d first asked his Dads about why they’d given him a different last name than either of them, he’d struggled to understand their concerns over his privacy. Now though, he couldn’t be more grateful for the anonymity it granted him at school, allowing him to have a somewhat normal adolescence.     The lady – ‘Lisa’, as her nametag read – waited patiently as he bit his lip, trying to phrase his question.“Uh…so I may have happened to have misplaced-”, she quirked an eyebrow at him, “-or lost…yeah, lost my ID today, is there any way you could, please, get me up and ask the security guys to grab me a new one?”Yeah, so he definitely didn’t get his Dad’s charisma or charm. Instead, he just smiled awkwardly at her.“What about your backup card Mr Parker? Your fathers are trying to limit the printing of further high-access clearance cards over security concerns that have arisen after the Avengers all moved into the tower. You’ve already been granted three replacements in 2 months.”Damnit. “Uh yeah, but that was like four years ago right? I mean really, shouldn’t there be less concern with the Avengers here anyway? I mean, if anyone can defend the Tower...”Lisa sat there, looking patient, yet thoroughly unimpressed.“…and it may have been my backup card that I’ve mi-lost today.” He turned on the puppy eyes, that he was pretty convinced only worked on his dads. “Please, Lisa. It’s like 7 o’clock and my dads are gonna go nuts if I’m not up there in like 2 minutes and the only way that can happen is if…”She rolled her eyes at him 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Superfamily
Adopted Peter
Adopted Peter Parker
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Tony Feels
Hurt Peter
Kid Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Civil War
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Superfamily (Marvel)
Hurt Peter Parker
Protective Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Teen Peter Parker
Family Feels
Family Drama
Avengers Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

