Chapter 1: Siberian Reflections
    




Chapter Text
Evie waited to see if Steve was going to come back or not before letting it all out. After about five minutes (give or take a few seconds, come on! It's freezing in this bunker.) she realized she was alone. She let her head fall back before opening her mouth to scream as tears streamed down her face."So much for "Never leave a man behind" asshole! I freeze to death, I'm haunting your ass for the rest of your shitty existance! You hear me Rogers?! You won't be able to-" Evie choked on a sob. "Screw it." She began to violently sob. "Mom, why? Why you?! Dad... Oh god, I am so sorry, all this time we thought you... I blamed you and..." Evie's normally steady lit trailed off and she let herself simply lay there in the snow as the sharp cold bit into her exposed face as the pain from her many wounds kept her constant compnany. After a while her eyes began to drift shut and each time she found a struggle to reopen them.'Maybe it would be easier that way, to just let go. Let's face it, I've been on borrowed time since Afghanistan. No more Avengers, no more pain, no more betrayal...'  Evie's green eyes began to drift shut. 'Yeah, that sounds kind of nice right now.'  With a start they popped open again. Various faces flashed through her mind, hazy memories replayed in stereo. She could hear the echo of laughter as a familiar group of people splashed in the waters of Malibu like they didn't have a care in the world. She felt familiar arms wrap around her making her safe and warm. 
'Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Helen, Uncle Daniel, Harley, Moira, Izzy, Christine, Vision, Maria, Kid, Bruce, Friday, Dum-E, Butterfingers, U, Hope. 
The names repeated like a mantra in her head as the haziness lifted. They were the people she relied on, could one day hope to rely on (Vison, Maria, and Kid- Peter), or could one day rely on a new (Hope). And here she was contemplating on how easy it would be to die in a bunker in the middle of nowhere for crying out loud. How could she do that to them? After all they've been through? No way in hell. She was a Stark, and Starks where fighters. She gritted her teeth.'Okay, enough of the pity party. Focus Evie. Now what did Uncle Daniel teach you?... Right assess yourself.' She moved her limbs pleased to find only her left arm a bit sorer than the rest of her body. She attempted to sit up but gasped at the explosion of pain in her chest. "Fuck!" She cursed out loud. 'Right, definitely broken ribs, maybe a punctured lung.'  She mentally commented. 'So, I can't get myself out of this. Friday, should have sent out a distress signal when she lost contact with the suit... And Everett Ross and the Accords Council know I'm here or well in Siberia. So all I have to do is stay awake until back up arrives. Easy.' It wasn't easy, as thought but it was the best she got. She let herself think about various projects she had in mind but found herself drifting back to the Civil War and the shit storm that went with it. 
'Fine, let's review. World wants accountability for our actions, simple. But apparently the safest hands are our own Rogers? What the freaking hell?! Where were your "safe hands" when you dropped three helicarriers in DC? Or the S.H.I.E.L.D. data dump?! It's a miracle me and Maria saved as many people as we did. I call bullshit on that statement. 
'And speaking of where was it in Bucharest  or Berlin?! What made you think it was okay to engage law enforcement officials? Much less take the fire fight into a heavily populated CIVILIAN area?! Or crash a helicopter to help your best friend escape capture, again might I add.As the thought came to her Evie scrunched up her nose in thought. How had Rogers known which apartment to go to anyway? Natasha didn't tell him so who did? She filed that information to later investigate. 
'Putting all that aside, let's review the airport. What the hell kind of orders did you give your "team"? Because they sure weren't pulling any punches when we were. We could have talked this through but no, you just had to use your fists instead of your words. Bravo. No really, bravo.'

'While I'm on the subject, let's talk about your team. Let's start with dear old Natasha, because I firmly put her in your corner now. My ego? What was that about?  Just cause I don't automatically believe your word is gospel doesn't mean I have an ego. She should count herself lucky at that point because now, no one is protecting her and it's only a matter of time. I stopped the agents who wanted a few "words" with her for endangering their lives once, but this time... Darling Itsy Bitsy Spider is on her own. She burned her last bridge with me. I should have known anyway: once a double agent, always a double agent.

'Next we have good old Clint. Why? Why would you take the man from his family? When he said he was out, he meant it for their sake. And now, what's going to happen when one of them turns on the TV and sees that their father is a crimin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Female Tony Stark
Sokovia Accords
Coma
Team Not As Family
Consequences
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Hope Van Dyne and Tony Stark are old friends

fandom: 
Peggy Carter/Daniel Sousa
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts & James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision

