Work Text:
I. The first day, Steve doesn’t open the door.  He doesn’t even touch the doorknob, his fingertips dragging over the glass of the one-way mirror as he watches the Winter Soldier sleep.  Natasha joins him, after a couple hours, and puts her hand on the small of Steve’s back.  Her hair falls into her eyes when she ducks her head. II.The second day, the Winter Soldier wakes.  Steve watches him pull against his bonds for fifteen minutes before he can stomach it no longer and walks inside, the click of the door behind him more ominous than he thinks is frankly fair.The Winter Soldier watches him with mutinous black-smudged eyes, tracks Steve’s footsteps like a wild, caged animal.  Steve supposes, a little ruefully, that that’s what he is.“Sleep well?” he asks, sitting in the seat across from him.  The Winter Soldier bares his teeth in answer. III.Sam doesn’t vocalize that he thinks it’s a mistake, but Steve can read it in his eyes.“I can’t give up on him,” Steve says, not for the first time.Sam nods.  "Whatever you have to do, man."Natasha exhales in a weary sigh. IV.The Winter Soldier tests his bonds the entire day, methodically pacing the room to see how far he can get before the chain stops him.  Steve hates to see him tied up, but Natasha tells him it’s either shackles or they put him out of his misery, and faced with that choice, Steve takes the first option.“What is this shit?” the Winter Soldier demands, when Steve comes in with food, gesturing angrily at the chains he can’t seem to break.“Vibranium,” Steve answers.  “Like my shield.”The Winter Soldier’s lip curls.  “Unbreakable,” he says, and slumps into sitting on the bed. “Figures.”He doesn’t say anything else.  Steve is still embarrassingly grateful he got to hear his voice. V.“I brought your file,” Steve says, holding it up as a peace offering to the venom in the Winter Soldier’s eyes.The Winter Soldier doesn’t say anything in response, but he can’t hide his curiosity completely, which Steve chooses firmly to count as a victory—even if it’s naïve to assume he has anything to do with it.“I can—we can go over what I know,” Steve offers, the words sticking to the roof of his mouth.  “About you.  You have questions, I bet, and I have answers, if you want them.”“Fuck you,” the Winter Soldier answers viciously, and spits at Steve’s shoes.Steve can’t convince himself to count that as a victory as well, no matter how hard he tries. VI.The nightmares start near the end of the first week. The Winter Soldier whimpers in his sleep, fists curling uselessly in his hair as he tosses back and forth on his cot.Steve watches this helplessly while Natasha strokes a hand through his hair, over and over again, gentle in a way he never knew her to be.“He’s so hurt,” Steve says, pained, to the crook of her neck.Natasha sighs, her breath ghosting over Steve’s ear, and murmurs “I know,” while she lets Steve clutch her a little tighter. VII.One night, while Steve is waiting silently for the Winter Soldier to wake—he knows his patterns now, can predict the four in the morning gasps of awareness—Steve realizes that he is without purpose without Bucky.  Even when Bucky had been dead, he had given Steve purpose; now that he’s here-and-not, his body blasphemed by the ice in his veins, Steve is held immobile until he has him back to a person he can look at without his heart stinging.The Winter Soldier rolls over, muttering in his sleep.  Steve is almost sure he catches his name on the Soldier’s lips. VIII.When the Winter Soldier is in a milder mood, Steve talks to him, telling that black-smudged derisive face all the stories he can think of to hopefully snag some memory from the abyss in his head.When he’s spitting venom, pulling against his chains until his shackles bite into his wrists, Steve lets him snarl until he exhausts himself and then keeps talking.“Whatever you see in me, it’s gone,” the Winter Soldier tells him wearily, head tipping back to rest against the wall after one such outburst.  “It’s dead.  Bucky’s dead.”Steve swallows roughly.  “I believed that last time,” he says softly.  “Not today.”“You’re a stupid motherfucker,” the Winter Soldier snorts, but closes his eyes, ankles crossing in front of him on the mattress. IX.“Why do you look at me like that,” the Winter Soldier snaps, smashing the water glass Steve had handed him to the ground.  “So fucking hopeful.  It’s disgusting.”Steve flinches at the sound of glass shattering, but doesn’t look away from the Winter Soldier’s brittle eyes.“I’m not going to give up on you,” Steve says calmly.“You should,” the Winter Soldier spits. “Put me out of my misery.  Save us both a lot of heartache.” Steve watches him with sad eyes.  “You’re worth the heartache,” he says softly.The Winter Soldier doesn’t have an answer to that. X.“It’s been two weeks,” Natasha says, pressing a coffee cup into Steve’s hand.  “How long are we going to do this?”Steve watches the steam curl into question marks above his cup. “I know he’s s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
mlm author

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

