Chapter 1: The Strange Encounter of Peter Parker
    


Summary:

Peter Parker's day gets a little strange.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 "Uhh.. Buddy, I don't think you're in the right place. Do you- Gah! Okay! Got it. Not a fan of talking."In all of the ways Peter Parker could have anticipated this day going, fighting his way out from a 12 foot giant creature which looked like a messed up mash-up between an octopus and very strangely, a shark was most certainly not one of them.Peter had no idea how the hell and where the hell the creature had appeared from. All he knew was that he was getting suited up in his usual alley and then suddenly he was ducking out of the way from a massive tentacle trying to squash him flat against the shady alley."No seriously, did you get lost on your way to the Atlantic?" Peter managed to get out from under it's huge head before swinging around two of the tentacles of the weird creature, making it get tangled in his webs."Because if so, then I can get you there. Only if you would cooperate a little instead of trying to squash me like a little spider."This time, it- The thing, opened it's shark-like mouth filled with sharp teeth and shot something black from it's mouth towards Peter."Eww that's disgusting dude. You don't just randomly spit things at people!" Peter was now having an even more hard time because now he had to avoid not only the damned tentacles, but also the black oozy thing that the creature was not stopping to shower the place with. Good thing Peter was slippery. "Peter, don't you think-" "No, Karen. I forbid you to do that. My orders." "But I really think-" "I can handle this, okay? I don't need to bother him everytime a little pet project gone south escapes from it's hatch. Where did this thing come from anyway?" "As far as I can tell, it materialized ten minutes ago just behind you through an interdimensional portal. It could be alien. I can't say for sure yet." Karen's voice was a little rueful as she counted not being able to identify this creature as her failure. Peter let out an irritated huff and decided that he needed to get a little closer to it to shut it's disgusting mouth with his webbing. "Aliens, man. They never stop trudging into this city, do they? It's getting very- Oh HOLY SHI-" Peter stumbled in the air and landed hard on the pavement as the creature managed to hit him with the black goo on the right side of his abdomen and fuck, it stung horribly. Peter had thought that whatever the black thing could do, it most certainly could not get through his suit material and reach his skin. But he was proved very much wrong when he saw the red material of his suit sizzling and dissipating, all the while burning into his skin. Oh boy, Mr Stark was going to be pissed. "Peter, your vitals are getting crazy and I can find traces of poison and anaesthetic in your bloodstream. I'm calling Mr Stark." "No don't! Do not call Mr Stark." Peter was sure Tony had installed some other ways of getting all of Peter's situational updates, so forbidding Karen from informing him wasn't really gonna hold for much longer. But Peter didn't want Tony to think that he wasn't able to handle himself. He already created enough problems for Tony on a daily basis.Peter had gotten up by now and it took him two more minutes to finish binding up the huge creature with his webbing. But as every second ticked away, he could feel himself slipping. From both consciousness and movement. It was like he was being paralyzed with a very poisonous substance. Judging by Karen's assessment, that was probably what had happened. The creature was moving again and if Peter didn't find some way to permanently eliminate it, it would be up and running again. But for God's sake, he couldn't move. He ripped away the mask from his face as he had trouble breathing and inspected the wound which was nasty and clear as the suit was burned and dissipated around the entire area of his abdomen. "This is not good. Not good at all." An unfamiliar voice went through Peter's hazy thoughts.This voice was not the one Peter had been expecting at any moment. He was sure Tony was on his way to Peter by now but looked like someone else had reached Peter first. Looking up, Peter found himself face to face with a person in a very strange costume. The red cape flying behind him definitely caught his eye first. Also, this person had frighteningly similar facial hair to rival Tony Stark's. Wow. Could this day get any weirder? "Karen, am I hallucinating a Mr Stark counterpart in a medieval play costume?" "What? Oh the poison is already in your system. You're gonna have trouble holding onto consciousness. I need to-" The man was rudely interrupted by the creature who had managed to get three tentacles free from Peter's webbing. "Excuse me for just a moment. I'll get right back to you." The man shot a half assuring  smile towards Peter and got up again. Peter saw the m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Friends to Lovers
Angst
Fluff
Humor
dad tony stark
Dad Stephen Strange
Peter is their spider child
That's really it
IronStrange love story ft their Smol spiderson
IronStrange
Possibly Slowburn
Tony Stark deserves the universe
Stephen is willing to give him the universe
Peter just really loves his future fathers

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

