Work Text:

Tony didn't mean to laugh. He really didn't. Bucky had come to him with what, to him, was a serious concern. He was legitimately worried about this. Laughing in his face was not the right response. At all. But Tony can't help it. He finds the idea so hilariously wrong that it just sort of... slips out.


“Buck- Buckaroo,” he gasps after a few false starts, “sweetheart, honey buns, I promise you, that is the last thing you need to worry about.”


Bucky's frown deepens, clearly upset. “How do you know? He was HYDRA's prize assassin for seventy years. There is so much blood and death to his name. That is what he was created for. How can you know he won't hurt you?”




Tony just shakes his head, still smiling, “So I know the two of you don't get along, but you don't talk 




at all




?” he asks, checking just in case.




Bucky scowls. “No,” he says peevishly.


“Well then Tastee Freez, let me give you examples of how exactly I know that Snowflake is never going to hurt me.”



1.




The first time it happens Tony is only half aware of what is happening. He has just stumbled out of bed, having gone to sleep last night almost like a normal person. He even managed six whole hours of sleep before his brain woke him up again. So he stumbles into the kitchen in desperate need for coffee.




He doesn't even register the other person in the room until he bumps into them. Literally. He blinks and sees Bucky standing in front of him, mug in his hands. Tony grunts and moves past him, intent on his mission. But then, when he reaches for the pot, he notices there isn't any coffee in it.




He holds that he can't be held responsible for anything he does or says before he has his morning – or afternoon or supper or midnight, anytime he wakes up really – coffee. Thus he can't help the pitiful whine he gives when he sees this tragedy.




Turning he looks at Bucky. Or, more accurately, Bucky's mug. He didn't even know Bucky liked coffee. Does he? Tony can't remember right now, his brain isn't awake enough for that. All he knows is that he needs coffee and Bucky took the last of it.




“



I am making more now Sir,” JARVIS reassures him.





Tony pouts, crossing his arms, but resigned to the wait. He stares at Bucky blankly as he does. Bucky stares back, slowly raising the mug to his mouth. Tony's eyes are glued to the movement. Coffee. He may or may not have whined again.




But then Bucky lowers the mug without taking a sip. Slowly he holds the mug out instead.





It takes Tony a minute to realize what this means. When he does, he snatches it up and takes a long drink, moaning. More than one person on the team has told him he sounds like a porno when he does this, but he doesn't care. 




Coffee




. Coffee is life.





He hums happily as he drinks it. He should have probably asked if Bucky was sure, but hey, all's fair in love and coffee. Besides, everyone knows what he's like with it. He shouldn't have offered if he wasn't serious.




By time he drains it, the new pot is ready. He pours and new one and hands it back to Bucky without much thought. But he shakes his head and motions for Tony to keep it.




“



Thanks buttercup,” he says and gives him a kiss on the cheek, “you're the best.” It's the extra big mug too. Even better. He heads down to the workshop.



It's only hours later that he remembers. Bucky doesn't like coffee. But Winter does.


2.




Tony is working in the shop. He's been working in the shop for the last... Well he doesn't know how many hours. He could ask JARVIS, but he doesn't care that much. And if the answer is too long, JARVIS will take that as a sign to start bothering him about it. He's in the zone, he doesn't want to have him pulling him out of it.




He's working on the latest design for stronger armour when a plate appears in front of him. He turns just enough to see Bucky standing next to the table, clearly having delivered it. He would complain that he's not hungry, but as he switches holograms, he sees they're sandwiches. He can do sandwiches. Grabbing one, he takes a bite. Eyes widen as he realizes that these just aren't any sandwiches. They are his favorite, from the deli down the street, cut into smaller pieces.




He gives Bucky a bright smile before turning his attention back to his work. Vaguely he is aware that Bucky stands there, completely silent, until he is finished. Then the plate is gone and a thermos of coffee is set in its place. He looks up, but Bucky is gone with the plate.




Next time he surfaces, Clint asks grumpily, “Enjoy those sandwiches?”




“



They were 




delicious




,” he informs him happily.





“



Good. Winter about gutted me when I tried to take them,” he says, still pouting as he walks away.






Winter. Oh. 




Oh




.





3.




The next time it happens, he knows it's Winter. Mainly because Winter has brought him cupcakes. Obviously homemade cupcakes. And everyone knows that for some strange reason, the Winter So
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Winter Soldier
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
protective winter soldier
Baking
Coffee
Cuddling & Snuggling
Amused Tony Stark
Confused Bucky Barnes
Poor Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes & Winter Soldier are Different Personalities
Pre-Slash
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Winter Soldier
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

