Work Text:

  What doesn't Steve Rogers know?  
Tony was giddy, it has been years since the last time he felt this excited about a new project but this was it.It took a while, but with Rhodey at the screening and recruiting process, the Avengers – and they really should change the name because really? Embodied what Rogers so strongly endorsed: let them knock our door down and only then do something – were finally a team.They were all very impressed with the Compound as headquarters but when the subject about living arrangements was brought up…Luke, of all people, was the first to object, Jessica a silent shadow right to his side, “Look, man, we really loved the base but… we have our own houses.”“Not to mention that the Compound is a little out of ways from our job, Tony.” Carol always the more practical, motioned for herself and Rhodey who shook his head a little.“Tones, I love you, so I never really commented on it before. But just because we volunteer together doesn’t mean we have to live in your house, too military and I have enough of that in the tours, you learn to appreciate your own space.”Jennifer was the one to put more succinctly, “We are perfectly capable of maintaining ourselves. If we get injured in an Avengers’ mission then we will be very thankful for the medical facilities, Tony. But this,” she gestured to the ridiculously lavishing living room and open plan professional kitchen, “we are not your kids. We appreciate the thought but this is a little insulting actually.”When all Tony could do was squawk indignantly at… everything Jennifer said, the lawyer rolled her eyes, “You trying to… decorate bedrooms, pay for our food and the roof over our heads… this is nesting, and what is this?” she brandished the black credit card like a sword before firmly giving it back, “Is this for us to buy something cool?” and she got a really devilish look that made Tony want to jump behind Rhodey… who was laughing himself silly, the traitor, “Look, we are grown ass adults, so if your biological clock is ticking at you, talk to Pepper.”The night ended with laugher and food and movies.~*~And here they were a year later and the project for the new Defenders Compound, the public that liked a good destruction – buildings going down – was there to witness, this was the date that the media was forever shouting for the last 365 days. The Compound was really big so of course when it went down, it would be pretty spectacular.Tony looked at his watch again, 11:58, “Ok, everybody, two minutes out!”It took a year of hard work and discussing the blueprints, “No, Tony, an indoor wavemaker is not a necessity.”
“Says who?”
But the newest Compound was just beginning to be built, it would be even bigger than the old ones but the insides will be very different. The kitchen would be staffed, there would be a few entertainment rooms but more meetings rooms, the tech was top of the line, the security only bested by Stark Tower’s. The whole thing was his baby, so much that Tony could almost ignore the fact that the president just got American pardons for the Exvengers – Tony still giggled a bit about that – this morning. Not his problem, not anymore.“OK! Out with the old, in with the new!” he bellowed excitedly to the crew, who rolled their eyes but smiled and hit it.
“Boss! There are heat signatures inside!”
“WHAT?!”BOOM!~*~The first thing Steve heard was arguing.It came from a little distance away, the voices sounded blocked, a door?“This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard.” No, they weren’t arguing, at least, no really.“You need to stop laughing before we have to inevitably answer some questions.”“Relax, Carol, did you forget that my best friend is Tony Stark? I perfected the art of bland expressions even if all I wanted was to laugh until my guts exploded.”“… that is just childish.”“…Tony rubs off on you. But c’mon, what were they even doing there? How much you wanna bet that, much like in the Accords business, none of them watched or looked up for the current news?”“The Compound being demolished to make place for the new UN approved Defenders Compound has been announced world wide a year ago, same thing with the other continents' headquarters.”“I hear your disbelief…if I’m right, we are getting Chinese tonight.”“Fine but if you’re not… pizza, I just got back from a two month tour, I wanna pizza!”He heard no more.~*~The next time he was awake and fairly sure he could jump out of bed, perhaps not literally but Steve got up feeling worse.There was a nurse adjusting the IV line when she noticed he was awake, Steve got a reaction that he never saw before, not from someone like her. Thin, but not fit, short – barely 5 feet tall, innocent eyes that were currently wide in… fear? She hightailed out of the room as fast as her legs could carry her.Not even five minutes later, Steve heard calm footsteps in the hallway, a woman if the clack of high heels was anything to go by. A series of knocks before a tall blonde woman in an Ai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Vision is young!
And oblivous
In a cute and innocent way
Who has acess to the internet
On the Spot
Rhodey is having fun!
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Steve Friendly
History Lessons TM
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
