Chapter 1: It's Quiet Uptown
    


Summary:

There are moments that the words don't reachThere is suffering too terrible to nameYou hold your child as tight as you canThen push away the unimaginable



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Consciousness came to Tony in waves.The first thing he was aware of was the incredibly sterile smell - like the kind in hospitals. Like wherever he was had been drenched in disinfectant four times.He could hear the groaning next, which he realized with a start was coming from him. Which, of course, led to the realization that his head was pounding.He was lying on a stiff bed, so he definitely wasn’t in his own room. This was not his designer mattress.So where the heck -Then he remembered what had happened. How Ross had basically kidnapped all of the Avengers in cold blood.Of course.He opened his eyes to fluorescent lighting piercing his vision. He blinked a few times and a metal ceiling came into focus. It looked a bit familiar.Ignoring the pain, he sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed (if you could even call it a bed). He was in a small cell, and he realized with a flip of his stomach why he recognized his surroundings.He was on the Raft.Sh*t.He looked out the glass wall to see many other cells, with his fellow teammates held captive inside. His fellow teammates, who were already awake.Perfect.“Well look who decided to join us,” Clint said, leaning against the glass. “I thought we would never see those annoying peepers again!”“Clint,” Steve said warningly.“All right, all right. Happy to see you, Stark,” he said with a mock bow.“Likewise, Legolas,” he said sarcastically.He took a roll of everyone he could see. Wanda (who was in a straight jacket), Natasha, Steve, Bucky, Sam, Clint, and Scott were all in his direct line of vision. He couldn’t see the two cells next two him.“Hey Cap,” he said, “who’s on my right?”“You know Tones,” the voice of Rhodey said, “you could’ve asked me yourself.”“Whoops,” he said with about as much feeling as a poem about a doorknob. “Guess it slipped my mind. On my left?”For some reason, Steve started laughing a bit.“Shut up,” Sam said, unamused. “Are we still on that?”Tony didn’t know what they were talking about, nor did he care. “Anyone with a few brain cells gonna answer me?”“It’s empty,” Bucky said. “It’s the only one.”So Ross basically had all of them trapped.His head snapped to where Steve was still laughing. “Is it really the best time for this?”Cap sobered up a bit. “Sorry. But do you think there’s anything better to do?”“I don’t know,” he said, feigning ignorance. “Maybe talk about an escape plan?”“You’ve been out for hours, Tony,” Sam said. “Every time we try anything, we get shocked by these babies.” He pointed to a shock collar around his neck.Tony brought a tentative hand up to his neck, and sure enough, a large shock collar rested there. “Sh*t.”“Cap said the same thing,” Clint said. “You should’ve seen it - nearly everyone said ‘lang-‘““As much as this bickering is entertaining to the rest of us,” Natasha said, sounding bored out of her mind, “what are we gonna do? I’m about ready to kill Ross in seventy two different ways.”“I don’t know,” Steve said. “The accords were eradicated over six months ago. So Ross is definitely outside of the law on this.”Steve might’ve kept talking, but Tony wasn’t listening.Six months ago.That was when the youngest member of the Avengers had died.———It had been a normal Thursday. Avengers Tower had started off as it usually did: around the breakfast table.The kid was inhaling his cereal like it was air and talking a mile a minute, which should’ve been physically impossible. But this kid defied impossible.“You’re going to wear out your tongue out if you keep talking,” Tony said with an underlying tone of fondness that he couldn’t completely mask with annoyance.“Well, I can’t help it if - shoot, I’m late!” he said, jumping out of his chair as he checked his watch. “I’ve got a lab today in chemistry - worth ten percent of my grade. Wish me luck!”“Good luck,” half of the Avengers said half-heartedly. The rest of them just waved as the kid grabbed his backpack and jumped in the elevator, smiling brighter than the sun.“See you later, kid,” Tony called. “I’m picking you up, remember?”“Yeah, see you, To-“ the elevator doors cut him off as they closed shut.Tony turned back to his waffles and saw that most of the others were smirking at him. “What?”“Oh, nothing,” Natasha said, sipping her coffee. “Just the fact that you let a kid melt the ice surrounding your heart.”“Okay, first of all, there is no ice surrounding my heart.” Half the Avengers snorted. “And if there was, I wouldn’t let some kid melt it.” Cue more laughter.“Face it, Tones,” Scott said, “you’ve joined the Dad Club.”“It’s a small club,” Clint said. “We’re always looking for new members.”“Whatever,” Tony said, rolling his eyes. “You guys love him just as much as I do.”“Yeah, but you’re th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Everyone & Everyone
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Whump
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Thaddeus Ross is evil
Faked Death
Implied/Referenced Attempted Suicide
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Peter Parker-centric
The Raft Prison (Marvel)
Suicidal Thoughts
Thor and Bruce took a vacation
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Peter + Bucky + Scott are all official avengers fight me
I killed May
The accords were declared officially stupid and Ross was fired
Domestic Avengers
Peter Parker can sing
Avengers Tower
it wasn’t sold because I said so
Everyone Needs A Hug
Kidnapped Peter
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Everyone is a good bro
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Human Experimentation
Electrocution
Medical Torture
Heavy Angst
Angst
Nightmares
The Avengers??? Being the family they all deserve??? In THIS economy????
Panic Attacks
Eventual Fluff
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Torture
Psychological Torture
IronDad and SpiderSon
No real tensions between team members because civil war made me petty
Suicidal Peter Parker
This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things
Mental Breakdown
Presumed Dead

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Everyone & Everyone
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

