Work Text:
 Steve caught Bucky as he went down, slinging an arm under his to make it look like it was just one buddy helping out another. On Bucky's other side, Tony slipped his knock-out contraption into his inside suit pocket and slapped on a pair of sunglasses. He glanced around the national mall casually, scanning for too-interested eyes.“Got him?” Tony asked.Steve hefted Bucky a little more, then nodded. His mechanical arm added weight to him that he'd never had before. “Got him. Get the car door.”Tony was already striding across the loading dock of the Smithsonian, door to his expensive car opening with the push of a button. Doing his best to avoid drawing attention to himself, Steve carried Bucky the few feet to the car and shoved him in the back seat.“Do I need to restrain him?” Steve asked, looking at Bucky's limp form splayed across the leather.Tony was already climbing through the driver's side door. “Nah. That shot I gave him will keep him down for a day. Even someone with your metabolism would go down for long enough to get him back to base. Now sit your tight ass in the front seat, hot stuff. Bet you could use a handy to take the edge off.”Steve snorted, but shut the door on Bucky and climbed into the front passenger seat. He smacked Tony's hand away when it crept into his lap.“Later,” he told Tony. Glancing into the back seat, Steve grinned. “Kinda want to save it up. For him.”Tony's grin was gleaming white as he slammed down the accelerator. “Thought you might.”Bucky's eyes flickered open, fluttering little lashes trembling as he tried to look around. The room was dark, and damp, and cold. He had been stripped nude. His body shook with shivers as he took this all in.Steve could tell the moment Bucky realized he was strapped down in a chair. His body jerked, hands clenching tight as he flexed against his restraints. But he settled quickly, resigning himself to his captivity. Steve grinned. That was good.Tony stepped out of the shadows, fiddling with some touchscreen device. He didn't even glance at Bucky, instead heading straight to Steve's side.“Alright, so I think I've got this figured out. It's pretty rudimentary as far as mind control goes. It's like they invented it back in the forties and didn't bother updating the tech in... ever.”“Can you make it work?” Steve asked, arms crossed over his chest. Unlike Tony, he was looking at Bucky: straight at him, making eye contact. Bucky's eyes flickered down and away. His neck bent down, as much he could in the restraints, in a sign of submission. Steve nodded to himself.“Of course I can make it work. Only question is: what do you want me to do?”Uncrossing his arms, Steve waved Tony aside. Tony shrugged and dropped his hands, tapping the tablet against his thigh as he waited impatiently.Heavy bootsteps thudded in the quiet of the underground cell. Steve paced forward, until he came to a stop a mere foot away from Bucky. Bending down into a crouch, Steve grabbed Bucky's chin and manhandled it roughly.“Who are you?” Steve asked.Bucky's eyes flickered to Steve's, then away. “I... The Winter Soldier?”Steve frowned. “You sound unsure.”“I...” Bucky's tongue darted out to lick his lips. “You called me something. Else.”“What did I call you?”Bucky's eyes darted around Steve's face, searching for the correct answer. He could read nothing from his impassive countenance. “Bucky. Cap- … Steve Rogers' best friend.”Steve nodded, slowly. Bucky's body trembled.“Is that right?”Steve shook his head. “No. Not right now. You can be Bucky later. But for now, we need you to be the Winter Soldier.”Bucky's hair fell from his eyes as he looked up at Steve. “What?”Steve lifted one hand. In his fist was clenched a bite guard. “Open your mouth.”Bucky trembled. “I...” He looked between the bite guard and Steve, two, three times. “But. I...”“Yes?” Steve asked, eyebrows raised.Bucky's voice was a whisper. “I... I don't want to.”Steve looked down at Bucky very, very seriously. “Well I'm sorry. But you have to.”Bucky opened his mouth. Steve nodded and reached down to press the bite guard in. He turned to Tony when he was done. “Wipe him. I want a clean slate.”Tony lifted the touchpad with a flourish. “The simplest of requests.”Steve rolled his eyes as he stepped back towards Tony. “You're having too much fun with this.”Tony grinned. “And you're not?”Before them, the chair that Bucky was strapped into began to tilt backwards. Bucky's hands clenched spasmodically beneath his restraints, chest heaving. Steve watched the process carefully, eyes roving over Bucky's bare chest, his bare thighs.Tony's fingers flickered over the touchpad. “He looks bigger than the old films,” he commented. “Cinema magic? Made him look smaller so you looked bigger by comparison?”Steve shook his head, one hand coming up to rub at his chin while the other stayed crossed over his chest. “No: he's bigger. Packed on more muscle. What do you think about the arm? Should we do this with it on or off?”The clamps cam
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dacryphilia
Tears
Crying
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Mind Control
Blow Jobs
Face-Fucking
Face Slapping
Deepthroating
Choking
Anal Sex
Fingerfucking
Finger Sucking
Anal Fingering
Lap Sex
Barebacking
Spoilers
Threesome
Threesome - M/M/M
Comeplay
Bottom Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Dominance
Fucking Machines
Cyborgs
Vibrators
(kind of. Bucky's arm can vibrate)
Evil Steve Rogers
Evil Tony Stark
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Dirty Talk
Nipple Licking
Nipple Play

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

