Chapter 1



Notes:
This all started when I posted something on tumblr about wanting a time travel fix it fic for Infinity War. Of course, since I can't leave well enough alone, I wrote the AU myself.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The door slams shut behind Loki. He slumps against it, panting. The side of his face throbs where it got singed on his way here, and his fingers ache from weaving spell after spell, from holding his knives too tightly. He lets his head fall back against the door with a heavy thump. 
“Loki,” Strange’s voice comes from far above him. Loki looks up to see Strange hovering in front of a huge glowing map. His hands dance across it, and as he moves, areas glow in green and red. There are dark shadows underneath Strange’s eyes, and his hair is completely gone from one side of his head, burnt away by one of Thanos’s minions. Still, he looks down at Loki with one eyebrow raised, as though surprised to see him. 
“You still have it?” Loki asks, his voice cracking on the words. 
“The Eye?” Strange nods, motioning down to where it glows on his chest. “Yes, but I don’t know for how much longer I can keep the sanctuary closed to them.”
“You know how to use it?” Loki asks, levering himself off the door. 
“Well enough,” Strange answers, turning away from the map of the city and floating down to stand in front of Loki. “But I also know better than to do so, at least I think I do.”
“You’ve used it before,” Loki says flatly. He has learned enough of the man to know that, at least. 
“Only to save the universe,” Strange laughs. “That sounds a little self-important, doesn’t it? Well, it’s true, however it sounds.”
“Do it again,” Loki tells him, straightening his shoulders. “They are almost here. They will take it, and then Thanos will have all of them. Do you have any idea what would happen then?”
“I think it’ll be quite a bit better than the entire universe falling to Dormammu, don’t you?”
Loki rubs a temple with bloody fingers. They don’t have the time to argue over this, not for long, at least. He just barely carved a path here through the warriors on the street, and even the protections of this place cannot keep all those hundreds who are coming away forever. 
“In any case, what would I do? Take us back to before this started? Thanos would still be coming, and we would be only a little better off. Time isn’t some toy you can play with.”
“No,” Loki glares at him, stalking deeper into the into the sanctuary. “Send me back.”
“You? Why?”
“I can fix this,” Loki grabs on the bannister of the grand staircase to keep himself upright as he wheels to face Strange. “Send me back to before Thor came to earth the first time. A year before.”
“What makes you think that will make any difference?” Strange asks. He looks about to say something else, but there’s a crash from outside, and all the windows in the sanctuary rattle. 
“They’re going to be here any moment,” Loki grits out. “You have to do this now. What could it hurt, Strange? We’re about to lose, or hadn’t you noticed.”
“How could it hurt?” Strange’s eyes go wide and he actually falls to the ground, stomping back and forth in front of Loki without the help of his cloak. “How could it hurt? You’re asking me to erase the lives of every person in the entire universe for the last decade. You’re asking me to change everything. Do you even have any idea of how wrong this is?”
Loki chuckles. His knuckles are white on the banister and he’s hardly standing now. There must be some wound inside him draining him of blood. He would worry about the fact that his seidr isn’t healing him, only it hardly matters now. If Strange doesn’t agree to do this, they’ll all be lost, and then it’ll matter little whether Loki is alive or dead. 
“More wrong than the destruction of Earth? More wrong than Thanos having power over the universe? We are not mere men, Strange, that we must worry about such things. We have a greater power, and isn’t it the midgarders who say that with great power comes great responsibility?”
“Which you notoriously don’t care about?”
“I’m caring now, Strange. This is all my fault. I can fix everything. Only, you have to do this now. We’re running out of time.”
Strange laughs then as well, fingering the Eye on its chain. “The one thing we always have is time,” he murmurs. “You know, if I do this, I’m sacrificing my own life for this as well. I go back to being some arrogant doctor. But not only that. Cap goes back in the ice, Bucky is the solider again, Shield is Hydra’s playground. It all resets. Is that world really better than this one?”
“Look at your damn map, Strange. Look at it,” Loki snarls. He calls the map over to them with a flare of seidr. It is covered in red now, places that have fallen to Thanos’s forces. “It cannot be worse than this.”
Strange takes a deep breath. He nods. “You’re sure you going back is enough to change things?”
“As sure as anyone can be,” Loki answers. 
“This is going to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Minor Character(s)
The rest of the avengers - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Fix-It
Slow Burn
i mean that really seriously
infinity war fix it fic
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
(or sort of contiguous with?)
oh hey and selvig and jane and darcy
Sharing a Bed
Angst with a Happy Ending
Canon-Typical Violence
Falling In Love
Sexual Tension

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

