Work Text:

Peter panted, unable to catch his breath as his body was overcome with heat and discomfort pulsing deep inside him. He squeaked in alarm as warm slick trickled out of his hole and soaked into his boxers. The teenager knew what was happening to him; he was at that age after all. But, he had a hard time coming to terms with it. He was in heat.

The teenager stripped out of his clothing, unable to handle the fabric rubbing on his sensitive skin. This was his first heat, but he had an inkling of what he had to make him more comfortable in his vulnerable state. 

He nestled into his bed, creating his own nest to slather his scent in. Peter could feel his cock throbbing to be touched, he complied to his body’s request.

The teenager hesitantly fisted his dick, giving an experimental tug. A cry left his lips from the onslaught of pain that overcame him. He wouldn’t be able to find release without the help of an alpha, but he wanted to see if the theory was right. And it was, except Peter didn’t have one. 

A sob wracked through his body from the cramps twisting his abdomen. He needed to be filled. But by whom?

As the teenager withered against his sheets, his door clicked open to reveal Bruce.

“Why aren’t you answering your calls? You’re late for th-” Bruce started, before stopping himself short at the sight of Peter sprawled out in his nest. “Fuck.” 

“S-shit,” Spider-Man stuttered, hastily covering himself with the duvet. He winced at the rough texture. “W-what are you doing here?” he questioned weakly.

“Obviously to get your ass to the Avengers meeting, but it seems you were preoccupied,” the raven quirked his lip, walking further into Peter’s room and closing the door behind him. 

The teenager made a sudden yelp, curling into himself. Bruce rushed to his side.

“It h-hurts. P-please knot me, Alpha,” Peter whined, drunk from the masculine scent escaping the older man in waves. The teenager didn’t care that it was Bruce who found him in such a state anymore. He just wanted relief. 

Bruce cursed, clenching his fists. The beast inside him was restless since the first whiff of the omega’s lewd scent. He could smell his heat the moment he entered his shared condo.

The raven knew it wouldn’t take long for the beast inside to take him over from the primal instincts overwhelming his mind. 

Mate. Knot. Breed.


Peter cried out again, his scent gland sending another wave of his scent in the hopes of alluring an alpha to breed them. It worked.

In one quick sequence, Bruce’s body enlarged and rippled. His skin turned to foliage and filled out to that of a strong beast. Bruce’s clothes spreaded and Hulk stood stark naked in front of Peter’s nest.

The teenager positively shivered when he dropped his eyes to see Hulk’s colossal cock standing high. Peter licked his lips.

He crawled from his nest in a felinic manner, his lust filled mind possessed.

The brunette licked the darkened head of the massive cock, shuddering at the salty bitter taste. Hulk grunted, his scrunched face turned upwards in an attempt to control his urges.

Peter began his assult, tonguing the slit in hopes of coaxing more of alpha’s cream to come out. He dipped his wet muscle into the beast’s urethra, wiggling the tip of his tongue in an attempt to burrow it further inside. It didn’t take long for the hole to loosen.

The Hulk made a shout, grabbing at the teenager’s head. He didn’t know if it was to make him stop or continue his actions. The sensation of Peter’s wet tongue inside his most private crevice made him involuntarily release a trickle of urine into the brunette’s mouth.

Peter moaned at the diluted salty taste, “More! More!” he cheered after pulling his tongue out of his urethra. He nuzzled Hulk’s pubic hair adoringly, before slobbering all over the large length to taste the remnants of his testicle sweat.

Hulk grunted, pushing the teenager onto his stomach roughly, he waited long enough.

The brunette rose his ass high, displaying his flowing hole to Hulk. 

The beast wasted no time, he dove his brute face into the waiting cheeks and licked Peter’s weeping anus. 

The teenager wailed, he didn’t realize he would become so sensitive. He ground his ass against the raven’s face.

The Hulk moaned as Peter’s slick covered his taste buds. He could taste the remnants of fecal matter hidden in the fissures of his canal, and he loved it. It complimented the sweetness of his slick beautifully.

“Right there!” Peter shouted, almost collapsing into his duvet when Hulk’s tongue started jabbing his sweet spot. “F-fuck! I’m gonna come!”

Peter ground his cock against the duvet before screaming as his orgasm ripped through his toned frame. His length wettened the duvet underneath.

The Hulk continued this actions, but added a large finger alongside his wet muscle, leaving Peter to quake from overstimulation.

The beast continued to add fingers until he had three total ramming into the teenager’s ass, his tongue gone.

The raven’s fingers sp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hulk/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Bruce Banner
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Come Inflation
Prolapse
Stomach Bulge
Rimming
Watersports
Urethral Play
Sounding
piss drinking
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Knotting
Kinda Crack

fandom: 
Hulk/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker

