Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Darcy Lewis had officially decided that this was the most boring stakeout ever.  If it wasn’t for the fact that Steve was her friend…Steve Rogers had come back to Stark Tower a week ago, accompanied by Sam Wilson (were there any superheroes that weren’t hot?).  He looked like he had been to hell and back, but he refused to talk about what had happened in Washington, D.C.  All Darcy knew was that something big had happened with SHIELD, and Steve was temporarily in charge of SHIELD.  He, Tony and the rest of the Avengers (minus Natasha, who had disappeared, and Thor, who was in Asgard) had been having long meetings every day behind closed doors.  Darcy could usually charm her way into any meeting or situation, but everyone’s lips were as sealed as Ft. Knox. Of course, all she had to do was go out on the internet, and she could read pretty much everything she had ever wanted to know about SHIELD, its operations, and operatives – but there still wasn’t much about what had happened in D.C.Steve had come up to her a few days ago, and had apologized for keeping her in the dark (although he still didn’t share anything) – he was doing it to protect her.  He needed a favor from her – he needed her to go to the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum in D.C., hang around the Captain America exhibit, and watch for anyone that seemed out of place – anyone dressed oddly, anyone who lingered too long, etc.  If she saw anything at all, she was not to approach the person – instead, she was to avoid their notice and immediately call him.Darcy would have said no, but she could see from the look in Steve’s eyes that this task was very important to him.  He said he would have done it himself, but extenuating circumstances were keeping him in New York City, and he wouldn’t be able to get away for a few more weeks.  Darcy was also excited to see D.C., since she had never been there.  More importantly, the entire trip was on Tony Stark’s dime – who was she to refuse the best hotel and room service (although she might need to go easy on the room service, her pants were a little tight today) in Washington, D.C.?Wait…what was that?  Had she finally noticed something unusual?  A thrum of excitement began to pulse through Darcy’s veins.  A man in a hoodie and blue jeans was standing in front of the Bucky Barnes exhibit.  She wouldn’t have given him a second thought, except for the fact that he had been staring at the exhibit for a good ten minutes – and the hoodie.  Not only was the hood up, as if he had something to hide, but it was the middle of summer, and even with the museum’s air conditioning on full blast, it was too hot in the museum for such a heavy piece of clothing.Darcy slowly stood up from the wall where she had been leaning, supposedly examining the uniforms of the Howling Commandos (Captain America’s was suspiciously absent).  She took her phone out of her pocket and dialed Steve’s number, but the call didn’t go through – disgusted, she noticed that she had no signal.  Stupid phone.  All of the hairs on the back of her neck suddenly stood up, and a chill ran down her spine as she sensed someone watching her.She looked up and froze.  The stranger was looking directly at her, and while she couldn’t see most of his features, he didn’t appear to be pleased.  His eyes (she couldn’t tell what color they were from this distance) seemed to pierce through her skull, exposing the deepest of her secrets.  As they say in the movies, she had been “made” – he knew that she was there for him.She was in deep, deep trouble – and looking at her phone, she still had no signal.  The stranger began to move towards her, snapping Darcy out of her trance.  She kept her phone out as she started to move towards the nearest exit from the exhibit.  It was a Saturday, and the museum was crowded – which could work for or against her.  She worked her way into the main part of the museum, neither looking to the left or right, only looking behind her to check on the stranger.  He was not only still following her, but he was gaining.  Darcy briefly entertained the idea of alerting a security guard, but she got a very dangerous vibe from the stranger, and she didn’t want anyone else to get hurt.“Go to D.C., he said.  Go to the museum and watch for something unusual, he said.  It’ll be fun, he said,” Darcy muttered underneath her breath.Next time she saw Steve, she was going to kill him for sending her into a situation like this without the proper information.  If she had known what she was going to be facing (and she wasn’t even sure what that was, still), she would have been more cautious.  Her only comfort was that she had remembered to bring her taser with her.  If she had to, she would light this guy up like a Christmas tree.Finally, she saw her way out.  There was a large group of teenagers standing on the stairs in front of her, waiting for their tour guide to finish consulting a map of the museum before continuing.  She could se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

