Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Knives? Yes. Guns? Oh, yes. Those cute, pink bombs that look like toys but are in fact among his best weapons? Definitely in.What else is missing? The voices list various things, which are not useful, not that much. He can always buy them again when he’s out of the city or steal them from his targets.He checks into the bag one more time; there is barely room for a spare costume, a second mask and underwear. It’s not like he owns much, apart from his weapons and mercenary stuff. He keeps food and money in his pockets, so he doesn’t really need to bring anything else with him.“We are good to go!”Although the last mission has been a success, he made a mess, a loud mess, and police and superheroes are probably looking for him in every cranny of New York right now. He didn’t want any trouble - he’s feeling pretty good today, no depression or hatred for himself have come to haunt him yet -, so he ran away before the big heroes could arrive on the scene. He will be gone from the city before they can catch him and lower his mood with their disapproving stares, harsh words and complains. And send him to prison, even if it would be perfectly useless.He did kill three men, that’s true. He shot one, beheaded the other and made the third one explode. Some shops were destroyed - man, those pink bombs sure are the best! - and many, many people were scared and went into panic.A normal day in the life of Deadpool, to be honest.“So what’s all the fuss about?” he asks his voices, who remind him that the good heroes don’t like when people are killed and buildings destroyed.“Those men were bad people! They were assholes, they deserved that death and I deserved the money I got for that job! I should be considered a hero, damn!”Reasoning with the voices isn’t easy, they are his reason after all; they insist that heroes don’t want anybody to be killed, no matter how disgusting they were.He whines, giving up. It’s impossible to win with himself! That must mean he’s brilliant, but he can’t help but feeling discouraged every time he tries to win an argument with the boxes in his head.He takes the bag, leaves the money for the last rent on the table for the nice old lady who offered him the apartment, and heads for the door. He is wearing civilian clothes, a huge raincoat, hat and sunglasses to cover his face. The Deadpool costume would make him too recognizable, he would stand out in the crowd, and if he wants to leave NY without problems, he has to ditch the mask for a while.He doesn’t like feeling so bare and people will probably stare at him in the streets, wondering what the hell happened to him; hopefully nobody will recognize him as Deadpool, they will just think he is a poor guy who got caught in a bad fire. The worst that could happen is being avoided by moms or old people because they think he has a contagious, horrible skin disease. Not really anything new. He can deal with that, as long as nobody starts talking too loud for the superheroes above their heads to hear.He presses the hat further onto his bald head, adjusts the sunglasses and starts unlocking the door. He hears the twip too late and next thing he knows is that his hand is stuck on the wall and the handle of the door is blocked by webs.“Oh, great.” he groans when a blue and red figure jumps down from the ceiling. “Spidey! Sweetie, how did you find me?” Despite the disappointment caused by the capture, he’s happy to see the young man, he is his favorite and his glorious body can make any shitty day ten times brighter.“I followed you.” Oh, his voice doesn’t sound equally happy, that’s for sure. More like disappointed. Or angry. Maybe both. “I was near the scene when the explosion occurred and people saw you running away.”“And you caught up with me, without stopping me on the streets to see where I lived and kept my weapons.” Wade grins appreciatively. “You really are a little genius!”The hero frowns under the mask and approaches him; there are bad vibes coming from him, Wade notices, and he tries to step back, the web around his wrist making it difficult.“You killed three men today.”“They deserved it!”“You killed three men in a deplorable manner and one of your bombs destroyed a bar.” Spidey is standing just few inches from him, fists clenched and teeth clearly gritted if his voice is anything to go by.“You are coming with me, Wilson. We have to talk.”“I warn you, Spidey, it takes me a while to reach climax, so please be patient if we have to come at the same time.” the merc wiggles his eyebrows and the hero groans, ready to web his mouth and tie his arms to carry him better. He’s too close, though, and Wade’s comment has worked, because the young man has temporarily forgotten about his free legs. Legs that Wade uses to kick the hero’s - so long and lean, mmh! -and make him fall on the floor.“Wilson!”Wade takes a knife out of one pocket and slices off the webs; Spidey is fast and agile, that’s undeniable, but even he has to stop and yelp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Angst
Suicide
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Build
Humor
Flirting
Sexual Content
Mild Gore
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

