Chapter 1: Chill, Dude. It's Just a Bra, Not the End of the World
    




Chapter Text
Peter was starting to think that something was wrong with his friend. People thought Peter talked a lot, but Ned usually never shut up, at least not when he was excited.And Peter knew Ned was excited. They’d been planning this for weeks, and Ned had asked at least twice a day if it was really going to happen, if Tony Stark was really going to let him stay. Peter hadn’t been able to convince his friend to let it go, that yes, Mr. Stark had said it was fine, and he didn’t need to ask. Every. Single. Day.It’d reminded Peter of the way he’d texted Happy in the beginning. He might have sent a single two word text apologizing to the man around the fifteenth time Ned had asked, “Do you think he’ll be there? Or is he gonna leave as soon as we get there?”“I don’t think Mr. Stark is just gonna leave us unsupervised in the tower, Ned. He’ll be there.”And he was. Tony Stark was currently digging through Peter’s book bag, unpacking the horde of candy onto the large sofa in front of the even larger TV. “Oh, Twizzlers and sour gummies, the good stuff,” he said, before ripping the small bag open with his teeth and helping himself. “Mind if I keep these?” Ned simply stood there. Quiet and still, hands clenched around the straps of his back pack as Tony Stark began untangling sour gummy worms.“Yeah, you can have ‘em,” Peter answered when Ned refused to speak.Tony seemed to take it in stride, seemingly used to people freezing up in what Peter was beginning to recognize as a fanboy coma. He tossed a piece of candy in his mouth, pointed at Peter and said, “You’re responsible for him. No stupid shit, kid. I’m serious.” “Yes, sir.” “This room, kitchen, bathroom, your room. That’s it.” “Yes, sir.” Tony squinted his eyes as he slowly ate another gummy worm. “What’s the rule?” “Stick to the grey area,” Peter said, which finally earned a reaction from Ned whose wide-eyed expression took on a look of confusion. “Nothing you would do, nothing you wouldn’t.”Tony simply winked, clicked his tongue and started to walk away. “Make yourselves at home,” he called over his shoulder. “I’ll be in the lab helping Bruce, I’ll be back later.” “Bruce Banner?” Peter asked, voice getting a smidge higher than he’d like.“The one and only. Call Friday if you need me,” Tony yelled, disappearing into the hall beyond.“Dude,” Ned hissed, “Bruce Banner. As in the Hulk. I’m in the same building as the Hulk!” “You’re in the same building as Bruce Banner,” Peter corrected, plopping down on the couch and reaching for the remote. “Pretty sure we don’t want to be in the same building as the Hulk.” He flipped on the TV and began searching through the movie channels while Ned continued to stand, head turning every which way as he took in the central living area. “Dude, you promised you’d be cool.” “I lied,” said Ned, falling back on the couch and touching the seat cushions reverently, fingers smoothing over the expensive fabric. “This is the single coolest thing to ever happen to me.” “You say that every time we do something Stark or Spider-Man related,” Peter pointed out. And it was true. “I’m starting to think that if Mr. Stark waved at you it would be the coolest thing to ever happen to you.” Ned grinned and propped his feet on the coffee table as he opened the bag of Twizzlers. “As long as he did it in front of Flash, it would be. Does he have HBO? We could binge Game of Thrones.” Peter shifted uncomfortably as he said, “Yeah, that’ll be a no.” “He doesn’t have HBO?” “He has everything,” Peter explained, “We just can’t watch it. Baby monitor.” Ned frowned. “Like in your suit?” Peter rolled his eyes and prompted, “Friday?” Friday’s voice immediately filled the room, earning another smile from Ned. “Mr. Stark has implemented the Baby Monitor Protocol throughout the tower to help ensure young, developing minds are not exposed to unnecessarily mature themes including but not limited to strong language, nudity, sexual situations, and violence.” Ned’s left nostril flared in confusion. “Okay, I get the sex thing, but violence? Dude, you’re Spider-Man.” “Yeah, I’m pretty sure it’s just a joke, but Friday took it seriously.” “I am not allowed to go against protocol, Peter,” Friday stated calmly. “We have talked about this.” “Repeatedly, I know,” Peter groaned. “Just pick something else, Ned.” Two hours later they were half way through the candy and on the third episode of X-Files when Ned mentioned he was hungry.“You are literally eating right now,” Peter pointed out, tossing a skittle at his forehead. “I want real food,” Ned said, looking for the skittle. He gave up when it fell between the cushions. “Like with bread or something.” “We can order pizza?” Peter suggested, already reaching for his wallet. “I’ve got like twenty bucks, what’ve you got?” “I’ve got ten, but can’t we ask Mr. Stark to pay for it?” Peter tilted his head back and looked at his friend. “Do you want to go ask him?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Tony is a dad
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Fluff
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

