Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Peter was pretty much screwed. So freaking screwed. 

The first sign that yelled it was a bad idea to go to Oscorp was actually his dad, Tony Stark. He complained about his field trip for days, making everyone in the tower want to kill him (well, more than usual). Only his Pops was able to calm him down, and, to be honest, Peter doesn’t even want to know how. 

But, well, in the end Tony gave his permission and let Peter go to Oscorp. He actually had a good time, chatting excitedly with Ned all the way, both seated as far as they could from Flash in the bus. Michelle was seated one row  behind, but didn’t pay much attention to them (not big surprise, there). 

And yeah, sure: Peter was used to amazing technology. Hell, his father was Tony Stark. He was not the one to constantly brag about it, but having the genius as his Dad came with a lot of perks. Still, he was truly excited to go to Oscorp. His dad hated the company so much that he never saw their designs as deep as he wanted to. 

Yeah, it seemed like a good field trip. He expected to go there, learn as much as he could, avoid Flash as much as humanly possible (because if he broke another of Peter’s glasses then his parents were going to realise their son wasn’t that clumsy) and then go home and tell his Pops all about it (maybe during dinner- he was sure his Dad was dying to know everything about the labs, even tho he never was going to admit it). That was going to be all.

But then the spider bite happened.

Of course, of course a damn radioactive spider was going to bite him! Just his luck. When he felt the sharp pain Peter didn’t even think about it twice: sure, he was scared of spiders (more than he was willing to admit), but it was not a big deal. And if it went worse then he could perfectly go to his Uncle Bruce (yes, he knew he was not that type of doctor, thank you very much). He was not that lucky, though.

When he came home his dad was in the lab, lost in another sessions of a “level of genius-ness nobody except Bruce or Peter are going to understand”. Peter thought briefly about going down to the lab, but his head was starting to pound with pain, so he decided against it. He called for his father a couple of times, but FRIDAY was quick to tell him he was out with his Uncle Bucky. He ended up passing out could in his bed, only waking up when Steve went to check on him.

"Hey, baby" he whispered, a concerned look on his face, making him look ten years older than he was. Then again, the dude was around one hundred years old, so Peter decided to not think about that ", are you feeling okay?"

"M’fine. What time is it?"

"It’s dinner time, sweetheart. I’ve managed to drag your dad out of his lab to eat something. Are you coming?"

Peter thought about it for what seemed hours (even though it was probably not even half a minute), but decided it was not a good idea. His head was still pounding, and he felt kind of foggy.

"Can I stay in bed?" he asked. The frown on his Pop’s face only got deeper.

"Peter, are you sure you’re okay?"

"I’m perfectly fine, Pops" he said, smiling lazily at him ", just tired".

"Oh" smiled his father, his hands cupping the right side of his face ", the field trip, huh? Too exciting for my baby boy?"

"Not a baby" whispered Peter, more asleep than awake. His father laughed, slowly combing his messy light brown curls.

"Okay, baby boy. I’ll tell your father Oscorp was too amazing for your brain, so you need to sleep. Is that okay?"

"He’ll go nuts".

"So that’s a yes".

"Of course that’s a yes".

Steve laughed again, pressing a kiss against his son’s hairline. He left Peter’s side then, and the teenager closed his eyes, ready to fall asleep again. Not even two minutes later, the presence of someone else was noticeable for him. The smell of motor oil and cologne filled his nostrils.

"Hey, Bambi. Pops told me you’re too tired to come for dinner".

"Mhhm" murmured the teenager, not bothering to open his eyes.

"Did Oscorp traumatise you that much? ‘Cause, I knew it was going to be bad, but…"

"Dad" protested Peter. Tony snickered, and Peter realised he had taken a seat on the right side of the bed. A warm and calloused hand went to comb his hair, copying his Pop’s actions from a few minutes ago.

"You’re sure you’re okay, right?"

"Yes, Dad. M’fine. Just tired".

"Okay, sweetheart. Then I’ll let you sleep".

"Kay".

"Tomorrow morning, if you’re feeling more rested we can go to the lab, what do you say about that? I’ve working on something really cool".

"Sounds good" mumbled the sleeping boy. Tony brushed his fingers across his forehead before pressing a light kiss against his brow.

"Good night, Pete. Love you".

"Love you, too, Dad". 
 
Of course, that night was one of the worst he had experienced in his life. Not even one hour after his dad had left, the pain on his head was almost unbearable. He thought of calling his Uncle, but after seeing what hour it was, he didn’t. FRIDAY asked him if he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Superhusbands
Superfamily
Angst
Eventual Happy Ending
Drama
Comedy
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Fluff and Humor

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

