Work Text:
 Steve's bootsteps echoed through Stark's skyscraper, making him feel like an intruder in somebody's home. He'd been here a couple times, outside of the heat of battle, but he still wasn't comfortable walking through the place by himself. But Tony had invited him, saying he had something to show him. Steve was here because, well: he had nothing else much better to do. He was low on friends and low on things to occupy his time with, other than exercising, SHIELD missions, and catching up on seventy years of human experience.“You wanted to see me, Stark?”Tony rolled out of some corner of his lab on his chair, gesturing expansively. The lights dimmed and holograms (graphs?) sprung up, one cutting straight through Steve's head. Steve stepped aside, trying not too be too jerky or quick about it. This Stark son was all flash and grab, and probably liked making people jump, just like his dad. But unlike his dad, Steve and Tony weren't friends, yet. So Steve wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of startling.“I know SHIELD says they got some armor for you, but I took the liberty of making some upgrades. See, they're working off classic material physics for your protection. Well, sections of Stark Industries have been looking into metamaterial physics and quantum mechanical properties of carbon nanotubes...”Steve's eyes went a little bit crossed as he listened to Tony's explanation. From what he could figure, it boiled down to Tony's armor being miles better than SHIELD's. Steve was willing to take him at his word.At the end of his explanation Tony trailed off, eyeing Steve curiously. Steve shook his head to clear it. Tony was grinning at him. “What, my jargon too much for you?”Steve shrugged. “A little. It's a lot of technical language I'm unfamiliar with.”“No problem. When you're in the field the language is easier. Seven years of Latin and Greek helps, too.”Steve chuckled. Tony's eyebrows went up, a cautious smile creeping at the corners of his mouth. “What? Something funny about Latin and Greek?”“Nah. Just should have figured it. Back in my day-”A burst of laughter escaped Tony at that. Steve scowled and pressed on.“Back in my day, rich kids at boarding schools took Latin and Greek. Or if you were going to be a priest.”“Not so different nowadays,” Tony pointed out. “Obviously you haven't read my file: I was a rich kid at a boarding school.”Steve shook his head. “Right. Makes sense.” He nodded at the holographs (grams?). “So you want me to put this new armor of yours through its paces? Try it out?”Tony grinned. “That's the idea. And then you can trash that garbage SHIELD gave you when you find out mine is so much better.”“If,” Steve corrected him.Tony waved a hand. “Technicalities.”The elevator shut down on Steve and dropped a few inches. Steve braced himself on the side and whispered an angry “Merde!” under his breath. [Shit; French]A voice came over invisible speakers to fill the elevator car: “Sorry about that, Cap. Had a little security breach. Gimme a minute.”Steve was already reaching for his shield. “Do you need my help?” He should probably ask, before he started punching holes in Tony's expensive elevator. He presumed it was expensive. It looked expensive.“Nope, it was nothing. Natasha sneaking in and out, pretty sure.” A pause. Steve waited, still tense. After a long few seconds, Tony announced: “Yup. There she is. Oh, look, she just waved for the camera. Hey, jerk. Thanks for punching a hole in my system. Yeah, there you go. Leave the same way you came in: out a fucking window. There's doors, you know. And elevators. You guys are like having a bunch of children I never signed up for. There's a reason I got a vasectomy when I was like, twenty. Okay, hang in there, Cap. Elevators back online in three, two...”The elevator started moving again and deposited Steve at the Avengers main floor. Tony was standing there, waiting for him.“C'est quoi ce bordel, Stark?!You have Natasha locked out?!” [What the fuck, Stark?!; French]Tony held up his hands defensively. “Only if she comes through the window! Which she  did.” Just as quickly as his anger came, it left, and Tony cocked his head at Steve. “What's that, French? You speak French?”Steve sighed and rubbed his head as he stepped out. He shouldn't be so snappish with Tony. He just still couldn't figure out how they worked, how they fit together on the team. It needled at him. As a peace offering, Steve explained: “Picked it up during the war. Comes in handy.”“When you don't want people to know what you're saying.”Steve shrugged. “Turnabout's fair play: I don't understand half the technical words that come out of your mouth.”Tony had a curious look in his eye, but in the end he just shook his head and shrugged. “Sure. Alright, come on. Before Romanoff decided to screw with me, I had something to show you. SHIELD's training room holding up against you?”Steve's eyebrows shot up. “Not as much as they'd like.”“Well, you're gonna owe me big time for this
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Language Kink
Foreign Language
Languages
Language Barrier
Languages and Linguistics
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Iron Man 2
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Dirty Talk
Cuddling & Snuggling
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Bedside Vigils
First Kiss
Love Confessions
Iron Man 3

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

