Chapter 1: hold me tight
    




Chapter Text
In the old days, before the war, Steve got cold at night. That was all it was, at first.
There were two narrow beds in the apartment they shared, but it was Bucky’s Steve would climb into eventually, most nights between October and April. He’d let Bucky sling an arm over him while Bucky grumbled about Steve’s perpetually cold feet, and after a while Steve only put up a token protest about it.
“You really don’t have to, you know,” he’d say when Bucky chivvied him under the covers.
“Yeah, I know,” Bucky would answer. “But I’m a hell of a lot better than a hot water bottle, ain’t I?” And anyway they’d long since piled every quilt and blanket they owned on the one bed.
Bucky was too chicken to admit there was more to it than that. He’d never say out loud that he liked having Steve in his arms, back to chest, liked waking up with his nose pressed to the close-cropped hair at the nape of Steve’s neck. He’d have gone to his grave without saying a word about that, about wanting more, but he was, in some ways, a lucky bastard, and anyway, Steve had always been the brave one.
So one night Bucky woke out of some half-remembered dream with a hard-on-- not for the first time-- and eased his hips away from Steve’s ass as carefully as he knew how. Not carefully enough, though, because Steve shifted in his arms, and then tensed up just long enough to make Bucky panic, and then turned over. His hair was mussed, he was bleary with sleep, but Bucky could see in his eyes that he’d figured it out.
“Steve, I--” Bucky started, trying to pick an excuse and failing.
“Jesus, Buck,” murmured Steve, “You coulda said.” And he kissed Bucky, just like that, his mouth warm and soft and perfect beyond any fevered dream Bucky could recall.
Things escalated quickly, from there, and it wasn’t long before Bucky was flat on his back, Steve on top of him, mouthing at his throat and grinding their hips together. Bucky tipped his head back and breathed hard, bit his lip, tried to keep quiet. He ran his hands up Steve’s sides, down to his ass, overwhelmed that he finally had permission to touch like he’d been wanting to since forever.
After, they lay in a sweaty heap, blankets half off the bed. Steve looked up at him, a cat-got-the-canary grin on his face, and pushed Bucky’s damp hair off his forehead. Then he looked away, the grin fading, and Bucky remembered that Steve was good at bravado but it didn’t mean he never got scared.
“You don’t have to-- I mean, this doesn’t have to be--” Steve began, but Bucky cut him off with another kiss. He might not have been brave enough to make the first move, but he was sure of Steve; he always had been.
“Yeah, it does,” he said, and Steve lit up like Christmas. Bucky tugged Steve onto his side, his back to Bucky’s chest, and resettled the blankets over them. Instead of a careless arm flung over Steve, Bucky held him close, pressed his chin into Steve’s thin shoulder without the excuse of having done it in his sleep. He didn’t have to pretend, now, and his heart was light with the knowledge that he never would again.
Then the war came.
At the front, it seemed like he was always cold. It wasn’t uncommon for soldiers to sleep pressed together in a bivouac, sharing heat. Less common, but not unknown, was for soldiers to use that as a cover for something else that no one talked about. Bucky didn’t do either. He’d never been much good at making friends, besides the one that counted, and he couldn't help but be aware that anyone he met might be dead tomorrow. He could live with the cold.
For the first little while after he was captured, he shared a cell with a bunch of fellas who weren’t too proud to admit they were half-frozen, and fair enough to make a rota for who got to sleep in the middle each night. Bucky wasn’t too proud either, by then. But the day came that he got taken away, to wherever men went and didn’t come back from, and he figured that would be it for him. He didn’t count on Steve; he should have.
He’d mostly gotten used to his hands being numb, when Steve ripped the straps free. It was well over a day later that the feeling started to come back, after the first desperate flight from the Hydra factory. They’d made camp for the night, after marching all that day. Bucky was warming his hands in front of a small, smokeless fire for what felt like the first time in forever, and that’s when he started to shake.
“Bucky?” Steve said, because he’d noticed, of course. “You okay?”
“Y-yeah,” Bucky said, trying to keep the tremor out of his voice.
“Aw, Buck,” Steve said, and for all that his body was strange and new, that tone of voice hadn’t changed a bit. “When was the last time you slept?”
“D-don’t reme-mem-ber,” Bucky managed, but the shakes in his hands were starting to catch up with the rest of him. The time he’d spent on Zola’s table was starting to catch up with the rest of him, and he needed that to happen somewhere Steve couldn’t see.
But Steve was stubborn 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

