Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Tony noticed the kid was much quieter than he was only an hour earlier. Sure, their fun at the science expo ended and they had a long car drive ahead of them, but they could make it into a good time. They could listen to some music and sing along or even talk about all the displays they saw. 
 
But, after a half hour drive, Peter was silent and looked a little pale as he looked down at his feet. This was a complete 360 from the kid earlier today. 
 
Tony knew there was a big convention in Connecticut where some of the smartest scientists from all over the east coast presented theories, experiments, and inventions. 
 
Peter had walked around the room looking from booth to booth. His smile only grew and grew as the night continued. He was bouncing off the walls like an overexcited puppy. 
 
It was a lot of work to follow--

chase

--the kid around, but seeing him so 

happy

 was worth it. The kid had been looking at little down lately. It had been almost a year since the Vulture incident, but Peter still woke up from nightmares. Sometimes about the building. Sometimes about the beach. Sometimes about something new. 
 
May called him every night it happened, per his request. Of course, the kid didn't know Tony was keeping tabs on him. He was going to make sure it stayed that way. 
 
But now he wasn't closed in on himself like he became on his Bad Days; he was just quiet and looked a little pained. 
 
Tony frowned as he glanced over at him again. He was leaning back against the seat with his eyes squeezed shut. “Hey, Pete, you okay?” 
 
Peter snapped his eyes open. He say up a little straighter, trying his best to look okay even though it only makes it all worse. “Yeah, totally fine, Mr. Stark.” 
 
That's where he realized it. Well, Peter is always obvious when he lies, but ‘Mr. Stark’ sealed the envelope. It's been over a year since they've met. They had spent enough hours together tinkering in the lab together with little to no sleep that they were on a first name basis by now. Tony was “Tony”. Finally. 
 
Except, there were still times when Peter called him “Mr. Stark”: when he was being polite or when he was nervous. If Peter obviously hadn't had enough of eat but doesn't want to bother Tony, he'll say, “I'm fine, Mr. Stark.” Or when he's embarrassed, he'll mumble “Mr. Stark” with his red cheeks. 
 
“You're the crappiest liar that has ever lived on this world,” he stated dryly. 
 
Peter groaned and whatever was bothering him must be really bad if he gave in so easily. “Behind my eyes...there's just this constant pounding.” He pressed hard against his eyes like it would dull the pain. 
 
Tony grew concerned. “How long has it been hurting?” 
 
“Umm, half hour before we left?” He sad unsurely as he continued to rub at his eyes. 
 
“Why didn't you say something?” Tony asked, feeling a little frustrated. He had noticed that Peter died down towards the end of the night, but he assumed it was because he was tired. 
 
“Didn't wanna bother you. You were talkin’ to ‘portant people,” he mumbled under his breath, letting his true discomfort show. 
 
Tony rolled his eyes. He was talking to important people, sure, but it was all for Peter. He was walking to every scientist or professor or theorist to brag to them how the future of science was the 16-year-old kid next to him. 
 
He hated how Peter never wanted to bother anyone. He always thought he was a burden, even though he wasn't. He was the farthest thing from it. But he didn't understand. 
 
“Kid, you should have told me. This was supposed to be your night. We would have head back.” Tony wished he wasn't driving so he could give Peter his full attention. 
 
“S’fine.” 
 
“So, I guess that means no stopping at a greasy, rundown tower tonight then, huh?” Tony said in a light tone because that's what he did. He made jokes when jokes probably, no--definitely, shouldn't be made.
 
Peter didn't answer his question. He moaned lowly and turned in his seat so he was curled up slightly and facing Tony. “I'm just gonna take a nap.” 
 
“Okay, kiddo, sounds good. Feel better,” Tony said softly. He leaned forward and turned down the radio until it was barely a soft whisper. He knew that music was good to block out the loud noises outside the car. 
 
It took a few minutes, but soon, Peter was breathing heavier and his face didn't look so pinched. Tony hoped he wasn't in pain and could sleep the headache off. 
 
Tony had been looking forward to the trip home and of course, the diner stop at 3am, but now he just wanted Peter to sleep until they got back to New York. 
 
Unfortunately, that wish didn't come true. About 20 minutes after he fell asleep, he was suddenly jerking up straight as a board. “Tony!” He shouted, both hands flying to his mouth. 
 
Tony jumped in his seat, and hurried to get control of the car again. Once it was back in their lane and his heart wasn't racing so fast
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Clingy Peter Parker
Why is that tag not used more?
Fluff
Angst
Hurt Peter Parker
Headaches & Migraines
Sick Peter Parker
Platonic Cuddling
my favorite kind
I'll add more tags as i go
Please ignore the fact i have so many other wips
Cold
Huddling For Warmth
Hypothermia
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Happy is the older brother peter never had
Kidnapping
Hostage Situations
Father's Day
Barbecue
non consensual piggy back rides
is that even a tag
Stop walking over colonel james rhodes and give him the respect he deserves
The author also has raging baby fever can you tell
Racing
Car Accidents
Poison
Missions Gone Wrong

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

