Chapter 1: one.
    




Chapter Text
Though he declined becoming an Avenger, Peter eventually agreed to move to the Avenger's base... Per Aunt May's request.Once she'd found him out as Spider-Man, she finally understood why he was awake so often in the night. She understood the nightmares that woke him from the few hours of sleep he managed to get.She'd made him tell her about what happened with Liz's dad. How he'd gotten tons of weight in rock and metal dropped on him, and in his loneliness, was afraid that he'd die there. And if Tony Stark got a phone call from an angry Aunt May at three in the morning, well, nobody needs to know about it.Nobody knew the extent of Peter's nightmares. Nobody knew what he saw when he slept. Nobody even realized that Peter had nightmares to begin with. Not at first. Bucky was the first one to notice. He seemed to have a sixth sense about this kind of thing. He'd been walking through the halls one night and happened to pass by Peter's room. He didn't know why but he was drawn to the door. He only cracked the door a little, but it was all he needed to see Peter thrashing around in his bed, blankets tangled around his limbs. At first, he wasn't going to say anything about it at all, but once he heard the boy's broken call for help, he didn't hesitate to walk into the room and sit on the bed.He was gentle in waking Peter, just like Steve was gentle in waking him when he had nightmares. Peter jumped at first, grabbing the hand that touched his shoulder. His eyes held a fear that made Bucky's chest hurt.Peter was panting, eyes quickly shifting around the room. He could feel the tears on his face, and he could feel Bucky's gaze on him, but he didn't care this time. He was afraid, anyone could see. Peter was just a kid, who'd been through something traumatic.Bucky didn't say anything, he knew that he didn't have to. Within moments Peter was relaxed enough to curl up and close his eyes. Bucky sat with him for the rest of the night, and only when the sun came up did he leave.Peter didn't mention it after that, but Bucky knew he was grateful. Every now and then, they'd share a glance across a room, or a nod when passing in the hallway, but words weren't necessary.----Vision was the next person to notice. He could hear Peter's cries through the wall, and if he flew across the base for the one person he knew could help Peter, nobody had to know about it.It became natural for Bucky to roam the halls at night, and he frequently stopped by Peter's room. He'd asked Vision to alert him when Peter was having a nightmare and even went so far as to have Fridayalert him, but only when he was in a room alone. He didn't want to let the cat out of the bag and risk Peter being upset that other people knew.Bucky listed Natasha as his second-hand when it came to looking after Peter at night, because of how well Peter and Natasha got along during the day. If there was ever a time that Bucky was unavailable,Nat was meant to be sent to Peter's aid.Once Bucky and Natasha both were meant to go on a mission together, they told Steve, and he quickly took up the mantle of the watchful eye. Steve wasted no time in telling Tony.Being in a polyamorous relationship had its ups and downs, but this was definitely an up for them all. Peter, who had taken to each of them as parental figures, didn't seem to mind having the four of themlooking after him either.----Peter walks down the long hallway towards the gym, earbuds in and turned up too loud. He rolled right out of bed and into his gym shoes this morning. This morning, it turns out, all four parents are gone. Nobody told him until he walked into the kitchen this morning to see that Mr. Banner and Wanda were eating breakfast and they told him that everyone was gone for the foreseeable future. It could be weeks before they got home.Peter wasn't thrilled that they were gone, and he was less thrilled that they all left him behind when he could've been of use.They all knew damn good and well what Peter was capable of, especially after the training he'd been doing.He was fast enough to nearly beat Natasha at hand-to-hand, and he was getting sneaky enough that even Steve couldn't tell he was coming sometimes. He doesn't even know why he went to the gym, but he knows he stayed to beat the shit out of the punching bag. He chose to do some pull-ups and then decided to just go back to his room. With everyone gone and no permission to leave, there wasn't really anything else to do. For three weeks it was just Peter, Wanda, and Mr. Banner around the base. It was maddeningly quiet, and with the only three heroes avoiding one another, it was boring as fuck.Peter spent his nights awake and opted for only napping a half an hour at a time during the day. He'd consumed more coffee in a month than Tony ever would in a year. Aunt May called a few times but always hung up after a while. Peter understood, he knew she had things to do. He didn't know what things, but he figured they were
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Peter Has Nightmares
Protective Wade
Peter has three dads
they love him very much
Spideypool - Freeform
wade helps peter
peter develops claustrophobia
Peter has PTSD
this family puts the 'fun' in dysfunctional
they make it work though
??????
No idea where this is going
momma widow
occasional smut
there's a traitor in our midst
maybe mpreg you'll never know
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Surprise Characters - Freeform
It's gonna get worse before it gets better
wtf even are these tags
blatantly ignoring timelines
they don't exist here

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov

