Work Text:
    "It's late, Tom. Can we just continue this tomorrow?" He sighs, tossing his scripts onto the island table and rubbing the permanent crease between his eyebrows. A bleary glance at the clock reveals that it's almost midnight.   The younger man's sprawled on one of his chairs, leafing through the stacks of paper in his arms with increasing irritation. They've been endlessly running lines for hours; practicing their scenes for the filming day coming up soon. It would be the first time Robert does a scene with him, and Tom seems to be taking it really seriously-- a little too seriously.   Rolling his eyes at the lack of response, he leans forward to pluck the script from Tom's hands. "Hey!" Tom protests, shooting him such a scandalized look Robert can't help but chuckle. "Give it back!"

   "Nope," he replies, popping the 'p'. "We're both exhausted, and we should get some rest."   "You can't make me," Tom grumbles, reaching up with grabby hands for his papers, and Robert scoffs.   "Uh, I think I can kick you off my own trailer if I want to," he points out, watching as the boy sticks his bottom lip out in a ridiculous-- and okay, adorable-- pout.   "Aww, I just wanna practice a few more lines!" Groaning, Robert was about to say something to resist when Tom starts to peer up at him through thick, tangled lashes; hazel eyes wide and pleading. "Please, Robert? Pleeaseee?"   Shit. He struggles to swallow the sudden lump in his throat, choking him from the inside out-- all too soon the air between them becomes tense, heavy. He's too tired right now to deal with this crap, to deal with the dirtybadwrong feelings he has whenever his younger coworker pulls those faces; always so pretty and expressive.   It's got to be on purpose. There's a little glint in those liquid eyes now as they watch him carefully, dark pupils dilated ever so slightly.   It's not fair.   "Alright, fine," Robert manages to grate out. "A little more. Then we're going to bed. Got it?"   "Got it," Tom replies, expression immediately melting into one of mischief at him giving in. A pink tongue pokes out of the corner of his lips as the boy jumps to his feet, sidling up to him-- and Robert's eyes definitely does not flick down towards that red mouth. (He also definitely does not think about how close the two of them are right now.) But then those thin lips curls up into a little smile as Tom leans forward, voice dipping into a low and sultry tone. "Your bed, or mine?"   Robert nearly chokes on his own spit. "My... wha--," he sputters, feeling his face flush with embarrassment; and the little minx giggles, deftly plucking the papers out of his stiff fingers before stepping back and widening the distance between them.   "Just kidding! Lighten up, old man."   Jaw still hanging open, he snaps it shut, heart racing so fast he hears it pounding in his ears. He's still reeling with disbelief at what just happened as the teenager flips through his script, eyes scanning the pages.   This boy will be the death of him. Clearing his throat, Robert runs a hand through his uncombed hair. "Okay.
What scene do we work with?"   "The rooftop scene," Tom announces. "That's definitely the hardest."   For fuck's sake.   Taking a deep breath, he nods, then grabs his own script as they settle into position.      "Is everyone okay?" Tom starts his line, and despite the circumstances Robert can't help but marvel at how easily he slips into character, voice pitching higher into one of a teenager, shoulders curling forward a little; eyes darkening with conflict.   "No thanks to you."   "No thanks to me?" Tom, or rather Peter, repeats. "Those weapons were out there and I tried to tell you about it, but you didn't listen! None of this would have happened if you had just... listened to me!" His eyes turn cold, voice breaking a little as he steps forward, hurt etched plainly on his face. He lets out a stiff laugh, spits, "if you even cared you'd actually be here."   His turn. Squaring his shoulders, he stalks forward, cornering the boy as he shuffles backwards. "I did listen kid. Who do you think called the FBI, huh? D'you know that I was the only one who believed in you? Everyone else thought I was crazy to recruit a fourteen year old--"   "I'm fifteen," Tom mutters; his back hits the wall behind him. At this distance the shorter teen has to look up to meet Robert's eyes, peering through his lashes as they lock gazes.   "No," Robert growls, and in one swift move steps forward to slam an arm on the wall Tom's leaning against, caging the boy in. Tom jumps in surprise, a delicious gasp escaping his lips; his sweet breath fans across his cheek. They're close, much too close-- but god, Robert can't find it in himself to move away. "This is where you zip it, alright? The adult is talking."   Tom sticks out his chin, but Robert can see him quivering slightly. He licks his lips, and the boy's hooded eyes follow his tongue.   "What if somebody had died tonight? Different story
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Robert Downey Jr./Tom Holland
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
I Ship It
Oops
Age Difference
Roleplaying Character
Not Underage
Dirty Talk
Praise Kink
Consensual Sex
Sexual Roleplay
Older Man/Younger Man
Sexual Tension
Smut
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
Robert Downey Jr./Tom Holland
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

