Chapter 1



Notes:
Edit- April 4 2021. Big thanks to sapphic-futurist and resurrectedhippo for encouraging me to edit this. I’ve left it as is for a long time but since people keep liking it, I gathered it was time to fix the bugs.




Chapter Text
Those with a death wish referred to the High Commander’s infatuation with the late Tony Stark as an ‘obsession’.Everybody else ignored it like one ignores a large hairy dark mole on the tip of a small nose. The late Supreme Leader hadn’t liked it at all. In fact he'd gone above and beyond to try and rid his Commander of the pesky obsession until the Commander finally decided to get rid of HIM.Now, High Commander Rogers was all there was. He was a good ruler to the common people, he introduced old laws back into the continent, encouraged the formation of local governments and even the rebuilding of territories. He had clear, concrete laws that did not discriminate, protected the basic rights of every citizen and made every human equal under the law. It was such an improvement from the Supreme Leader’s approach that the High Commander was universally adored.The punishments for breaking any laws, however, were still often final and usually painful beyond words.Overall a new age was dawning on the People's United Country of the Americas, and the common people were excited to have a new leader in place who appeared to have them at the forefront. High Commander Rogers was proud of his accomplishments and felt pleased at the people’s reaction to his cutthroat approach. He was, he believed, the people’s Champion and he wished Tony Stark would have lived long enough to see it.‘I wonder what you would have thought of all this Tony. Surely you would’ve seen the progress in it.’ He often thought.Sixty-three years had passed since the death of the great Tony Stark at the hands of the titan Thanos. He’d died saving the world he so loved and High Commander Rogers didn’t want a day to pass without the people recognising that Tony Stark had been a hero. The people needed a hero after all, and with Stark Industries being the only large corporation left in the conquered world, they needed to believe in it as much as Tony had.“High Commander your car is ready.”He nodded in acknowledgement and the aid retreated. High Commander Rogers looked out the window of the tower onto a cityscape full of high-rises. He allowed himself to drown in the memory of the dear face of someone from long ago, someone with mirthful eyes, a teasing smirk and a style of beard long since banned. With a sharp exhale he tore himself away from the window and marched to the elevator.The labs of Stark Industries would’ve made Tony proud. They were well stocked with all the modern amenities and so far they’d done wonders in both disease treatment and weapon innovation. Yet the beauty of the glass compound was eclipsed by the glory of the twenty-foot sculpture of Iron Man that stood in front of it. It was right beneath this sculpture that a familiar face greeted the High Commander as he stepped out of the car.“High Commander”High Commander Rogers’s lips curved into what could be considered a smile. He nodded in greeting at Vision.“How are you Vision?”“Quite well, thank you.”“Any news on the East?”“Nothing we didn’t already know, but I was able to secure what we needed for the machine.”A full smile did then bloom on the High Commander’s face, “That’s great news Vision, great news indeed”“I though you would be pleased.”“How are your children and grandchildren?”“They are quite well. Christine asked me to extend her most sincere gratitude for your reference. She was admitted into the genetics lab.”“Of course she was, she’s brilliant.”Pride overtook Vision’s eyes as he thought about his family, for although his Wanda was long gone, he saw a little of her in their children and grandchildren. Vision had gone to great lengths to secure his family’s well being. He’d kept them safe throughout the tremulous years after the attempted invasion and the violent years that saw the Supreme Leader rise to power. Now for the first time in a long time, he felt hopeful about the future his grandchildren would know.Despite his urgency, High Commander Rogers took a moment to behold the Iron Man carved in marvel looming over them. It was an exquisite work of art, all smooth lines and careful detail. It made him think back to the first time he entered Tony’s workshop at the old tower. He focused in on the memory of Tony hammering away at a piece of metal to test its strength, goggles firmly in place, hair slick with sweat.“Tell me Vision, do you miss him?”It was a loaded question, Vision knew. Say too little and the High Commander would freeze him out, say too much and he’d get jealous.“He was the closest thing I had to a Father”It was the right thing to say, for the High Commander Roger’s face softened into what almost reminded Vision of Steve.“Yes… He was. Now take me to the machine.”Vision nodded curtly and they walked up the steps to th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Underage Sex
Age Difference
Dark Steve Rogers
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Time Travel

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

