Work Text:
Loki had always had mixed thoughts about becoming a parent and whether he would be a good father figure. He’d known he would need to father children if he accepted the throne, but he’d never found a women he wanted to marry or have children with.After the revelation of his heritage and the many bad decisions that followed, Loki hadn’t been thinking about lovers or children or anything beyond surviving. But as the years passed and as he found himself working with mortals to save the universe, Loki also found himself falling in love. He fell helplessly for Anthony Stark who, to his surprise, fell in love with him too.But Anthony didn’t come without attachments; he had dedicated friends, robotic creations, a world he was devoted to protecting and, more importantly, an adopted son.Oh, Anthony denied he had adopted Peter Parker, but the truth of the situation could not be more obvious. It meant that from the earliest days of his courtship with Anthony, Loki had made a point of being... kind to Peter.The young mortal had mostly eyed him with fear and distrust, but once he realised it was not a prank but a favour to Anthony, he began to relax and more readily accept Loki's presence. The mage had known that the youth had to be bright to inspire such fondness and dedication from Anthony, but Loki hadn’t expected to find him as entertaining as he was.Loki hadn’t anticipated that he would begin to like the boy over months of association; that he would protect him with spells, not just to minimise Anthony’s worry but to minimise his own. He didn’t realise, until it was too late, that he was helping Peter when Anthony wasn’t available or when Peter needed a different kind of guidance that only he could provide.He didn’t realise that Peter had started to come to him for advice, specifically, not until almost a year into knowing the boy. He was in one of the labs in Stark Tower working with Anthony and Peter had arrived to speak with them.Anthony had spun in his chair with a smile while Loki had just turned back and busied himself with the project, assuming that he wouldn’t be needed.“What’s up, kid?” Anthony had asked.“I’ve got a problem with one of my class projects. I was hoping I could talk to Loki?”Loki had snapped his head around to look at the youth with surprise, but he was the only one. Anthony had just turned back around to the project, waving them off. “Sounds good, let me know if I’m needed.”Mystified, Loki had put down the items in his hands before joining Peter in another corner of the lab to go over what turned out to be an essay. He wanted Loki’s opinion and assistance with its structure and whether the information covered was sufficient.It was in that moment that Loki realised Peter trusted him, respected his opinion, and had actually sought out him. Loki had felt... touched, far more than he would admit or show as he helped the youth with his project.It was only when Peter left with a bright smile and sincere gratitude that Anthony had come over to him, nudging their shoulders together and smiling. “Awh, look at you two bonding.”“Enough, Anthony,” Loki had snapped, more off-balance than he wanted to admit.Anthony had just raised his eyebrows, unconcerned by Loki’s brusque tone. “You know he thinks you’re amazing, right? He’s always geeking out over the magic you’ve shown him or the stories you’ve told him about your travels. I mean, I completely get it and I’m right there with him, but I like seeing you both get along.”Trying not to grit his teeth or tense when Anthony would feel it, Loki merely attempted to ignore Anthony’s words and what they made him feel. “Shall we get on with our project, Anthony?”Continuing to look amused, Anthony didn’t press or pester him, simply saying, “Sure thing, babe.”Loki was just grateful to be able to ignore it.But it didn't work forever, especially when he found his care for the boy only deepening as more time passed. He worried for him, wanted to protect him. He felt pride in Peter’s success and fury at anyone who tried to harm or degrade him. It was completely accidental, but Loki found himself thinking of the boy as... theirs.And the moment he started, Loki couldn’t stop.He started layering further protection spells around the mortal. He started fretting as Peter went on missions and felt a desire to have the boy around at all times. He wanted him in the tower and under Loki’s wards and FRIDAY’s watchful eye.While it took some effort and manipulations, he eventually did manage to get Peter living in a floor of the tower. Anthony was ecstatic, but Loki was not satisfied. He took to training the younger man to better protect him against magic. He crafted Peter charms and he bought the youth items from his travels through the galaxy; gifts that he knew the young man would enjoy.He was parenting and looking after him, and when Loki found himself staring at the trees of Idunn that were flowering anew on Vanaheim and yearning to pick not one, but two, the mage kne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wordcount: 1.000-5.000
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Fluff
Feels
Family Feels
Smartass Family
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Tony Being Tony
Precious Peter Parker
Established Relationship
Loki (Marvel) Angst
Hugs
Insecurity

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker & Tony Stark

