Work Text:
 
--
 
It’s been thirty-six days since the Winter Soldier was last taken in for maintenance.
Thirty-six days, and from what he can tell (from stolen files splattered with flecks of red-brown blood) that’s ten days longer than he’s ever gone without a full wipe. Without being broken down into basics, into building blocks. Into the creature of singular determination and ruthlessness and destruction he’s been for as long as he can remember.
There has always been a mission before. An objective and a trajectory and no possibility of deviation, no alternate path other than the one laid out for him by his handlers.
This is no mission now. No orders to follow, no targets to take down, no authority to obey. He is a defector without any allegiance, uninhibited by the threat of pain or a physical inability to disobey. He can feel the programming breaking down in his head, and there are no restraints holding him down anymore.
He is a guided missile gone off its flight path, uncontrolled and hurtling towards some unknown target.
The Winter Soldier has toppled regimes, assassinated leaders and brought entire countries to their knees. He has tortured and maimed and murdered without question, annihilating men and women and children for no other purpose than completing the mission. He has pushed the limits of even his own physical endurance, has risked worse fates than death without ever considering fear as an option.
The Winter Soldier has been uncompromising and eternal for seventy years, a brutally effective precision weapon to be used and implemented as his controllers saw fit. 
He is not the Winter Soldier. The words still drift up from the back of his mind, sneak into his frame of vision without him noticing, but the title doesn’t fit anymore. Not in the ways that matter.  
He has been compromised.
He is a defector.
He is a ghost.
For the very first time, there is no mission for him to follow.
For the very first time, he does not know what to do.
 
--
 
 
He hides out in a run-down motel paid for with stolen money, sitting in the dark and replaying everything over and over again in his head. The flying sparks, the thick black smoke, the world plummeting around them as they fell out of the air.
The blond hair and the bright blue eyes and a face like a word on the tip of his tongue.
The longer he goes without a wipe the more he remembers and the worse he gets, all of the pent-up energy and barely-restrained rage building up inside him until he feels like an explosive about to be detonated. Unstable and erratic, the technicians’ words coming back to him along with a hundred other memories; weaving between the tanks as they crashed into Budapest, slitting a well-dressed family’s throats while one of Reagan’s speeches played in the background, polonium-210 and rocket-launchers and bullets and blades, endless shrieks of pain and cries for mercy blending into a single endless scream inside his head.
And that man – Captain America, his mission, tall and broad and hard to kill even then – standing on the street, stock-still with his mouth fallen open. Looking at him as though his knees might give out at any moment.
He tries to push it away, bury it deep, but no matter what he tries he can’t forget the sense of bone-deep loss that no part of him knows how to explain. Can’t forget but I knew him and Pierce’s too-rigid expression and his own face staring back at him in black and white.
A blown-up picture in some museum doesn’t make him Bucky Barnes. Doesn’t make him anything more or less than a discarded weapon, still deadly-sharp and stained with other peoples’ blood.
The look on Captain America’s face, though. The resignation, the defeat, the terrible sadness that had stoked the throbbing emptiness in his chest. That had made him frenzied and furious in his confusion.

Your name is James Buchanan Barnes. I’m not gonna fight you.

Captain America had chosen to go down without a fight. The most tenacious mark the Winter Soldier has ever faced, who made it out of a dozen situations that shouldhave killed him against all reason, had let his shield fall from his hands. Had been willing to let the Winter Soldier do anything to him as long as it meant he didn’t have to hurt the man he believed to be his friend.

‘Cause I’m with you ‘til the end of the line.

It had been incomprehensible. World-ending.
It had almost been enough to make him want to be the person that Steve Rogers sees when he looks at him.
 
 
--
 
He needs to learn more about Captain America.
For some reason, this strikes him as infinitely more important than learning about Bucky Barnes. Bucky Barnes, whose face he shares and who might very well be the answer to a question he never thought to ask, does not matter in the way that Steve Rogers matters.
He goes to the library and steals rather than borrows books about him. The Man Who Defined a Generation: Captain America and his Howling Commandos and Captain America, 1943-1945: A Historical Account of America’s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Espionage
Stalking
Identity Issues
Brainwashing
Memory Loss
Memories
Brief Jealousy
gif warning
Podfic Available
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

