Work Text:
The first lead is the Smithsonian because the place has cameras and of course they find the footage of the Winter Soldier—more Bucky than not these days—with chin fuzz and a baseball hat walking through the exhibit. He’s still favoring his human arm, Sam notices. They do sweeps, they ask bystanders and security guards. Nothing.
He sits in a coffee shop across the street while Steve draws on the napkin. Sam is unsurprised to see it’s Bucky’s face.
"Man, you have it bad," he says.
Steve shrugs but is not embarrassed. Sam is beginning to realize that Steve Rogers does not embarrass easy. It must be all those years of being tiny. He must have been the butt of every joke.
He claps him on the shoulder when they stand, giving him a tiny squeeze on the tail end. Just enough of a touch to let Steve know he has a friend.
When they leave the coffee shop, Sam catches a glimpse of shimmer—like sunlight off metal—in the reflection in the glass window.
***
Sam makes Steve pay for all pizza. No way can Sam afford to keep a supersoldier fed on his savings.
But he’s willing to call it in, make sure there’s no pineapple (because that offends Steve), get the door and spare Steve the moment when the delivery guy geeks out over Captain America. Sam’s a nice guy.
So he’s handing over the wad of bills—the twelve boxes balanced on his hip like a baby because seriously, Steve eats a crazy amount—when he catches another glimpse.
There’s metal and a streetlamp. Just a brief reflection.
He calls Steve and Steve runs into the street calling Bucky’s name.
He’s long gone, though.
Steve folds in a little into himself but he’s not a small guy, not anymore, and he can only fold so much before Sam would start to cry or something equally embarrassing.
Sam pulls him into a hug and Steve drops his head into the crook of his neck with a sigh.
"Want to draw Bucky in the margins of your notebook some while I get plates?" he asked, waving in the direction of the pizza boxes.
Steve huffs a small laugh and says, “yeah.”
***
Similar things happen. Sam always spots the glint of light, Steve runs blindly forward, and Bucky is always gone.
So it’s a bit of surprise when Bucky hops onto the laundry machine Sam is using in a laundromat. Sam squeaks.
Bucky gives him a look.
Sam finishes folding the pair of boxers in his hands, places them in the basket, and has remembered how to breathe by the time he turns back to Bucky.
"Yes?" he asks. "D’you need something?"
"The thing about Steve," Bucky says, scooting a bit further back on the laundry machine so his legs dangle off the side. He looks so very human, so very normal. “He’s strong and tough, don’t get me wrong. Nobody stronger. But he’s got these soft spots.”
"Yeah, I got that," Sam said, batting one of Bucky’s legs to the side to get to his laundry.
"You have to watch them," Bucky said, lifting the leg out of the way. "Watch the soft spots. He doesn’t know how."
Sam pulled out a pair of jeans and started to fold them. “You know you’re one of them, right?” he asked. “A soft spot, I mean. Probably the biggest one.”
Bucky frowned.
"I thought you’d—" he started to say. He sighed and pushed back the hair from his forehead. It was shorter but still greasy. "I thought you’d get it. Get him.”
Sam put the jeans in the basket and folded his arms. This shit was ridiculous.
"I do,” he said sternly. “And he is at the Starbucks down the block probably doodling your face and writing ‘Steve Barnes’ in with hearts right now.”
Bucky glared.
"Seriously. So many drawings of your face. I had to give him a drawer in my bureau for them. He has very few clothes, but so many drawings of your face.”
"Look, there’s no reason for you to be—" Bucky said angrily and then stopped himself. He took a breath and continued. "Just. Don’t make this about—just."
He really did look helpless in the conversation…for all that a dude jacked to all hell and with the sort of murder behind his eyes you only get from copious amounts of murder could look helpless.
"If you think he’s going to be happy without you, you’re crazy," said Sam as directly as possible. "He’s not going to stop looking, he’s not going to stop pining, and only you can fix this."
Bucky looked down at his hands. One was gloved. It was a sunny spring day and one of his hands was gloved.
"He shouldn’t—that’s not," he said. "He deserves better. He should want better.” The human hand flexed, clenched and released. “You should want better for him. That’s your job now.”
Sam sighed. “Man, I’m just the dude’s friend and he’s in pain. I see an easy solution. Don’t know about anything else being ‘my job.’”
"You’d better," said Bucky, all menace suddenly. "It’s what you do when you’re—when Steve trusts you like that. You look out for him because he doesn’t know better for himself."
And, yeah, Sam had seen Steve walk silently through the back door behind Bucky a couple second before but he was a soldier. He could keep his eyesight where it needed to be to get the job done.
"Maybe I kn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

