Chapter 1: Three Beginnings, One Master of Death
    




Chapter Text

The First Beginning 
 In the beginning, Darkness reigned supreme. Light did not exist, and time was an unmeasurable notion. Magic was unfeasible, and life impossible.                Nothing was permitted to grow within this endless dark.                Nothing existed, for there was nothing to exist in.                There was only Darkness.                A Darkness that ruled an empty Kingdom for a long, long time. When the change came, it came with such suddenness that the Darkness did not see it coming.  Oh, it had been there, lying in wait, since the beginning. It had been part of the Darkness itself, a small and unused part, lacking form and strength.                  Yet idleness invites scorn.                As the Darkness continued its totalitarian reign, it grew smug in its power and rule. With nothing there to challenge it, somnolence took over.  It became idle, content in its lone existence.                In the carelessness of the Darkness, a shape was forged and made. Power was stolen and bent to the will of another. Slowly, an intelligence grew that rivalled the Darkness, sentient and able. It was as much alike as it was different to its forbearer.                When the new being reached its maturity, it took a moment to gaze at the kingdom in front of it. It looked at the dark and saw nothing.                It did not like it.                So it decided to change it. First came light.                Revealing its form with a white light that lashed at its surroundings, the new being rose and tore the cloak of shadow that had been hiding it for so long. The light was blinding, pure and untainted by ill will. In tangent with the light, the new being threw all of his strength against the Darkness, bringing pain and hurt with it.                The Darkness, unused to any resistance, recoiled away from the blinding light before him. Never before had it been subject to a power as large as its own, to a light so different to its own.                It was torture. Torture on a level that the Darkness could not comprehend. Torture that he could not fight -                Could not survive.                With a scream of pain that reverberated through its entire kingdom, the Darkness fled.                A new King was born. The First Born   Mortem, the God of Death, stood floating above a lone planet, and gazed with sadness at the life underneath him.                Due to his power and the very nature of it, Mortem could not touch any living being prematurely – for one touch would have them depart the land of the living, and tip the balance over.  He could not talk neither, for his voice was only heard when the souls were at his door, and ready for him to shepherd them to a better place. So he stood afar, watching the worlds grow without him.                For many eons, Mortem had toiled over the worlds in his care, content with the job that was given to him by his Father the Creator. There was never a quiet moment, for death touches all at the end. Gathering souls and ferrying them across the border was a ceaseless job – a necessity. Mortem may not have been happy, but he was content. After all, who was there to complain to? His Father? No, he could never bring such a whimsical complaint forward to his Father. Who then? The other Gods? He scoffed at the very idea of that! He was the First and the Last – the first of the Gods to be born and the Beginning of the End. He would gather the souls of his brothers and sisters when the time came, and so refused to show weakness in front of those who were weaker than him.                He would have to suffice being on his own. The ages came and went. Planets died and new worlds grew. New species were discovered, whilst others died. The cycle of life continued. Mortem remained on his own.                  Yet…every now and then, when Mortem found a moment of respite, a thought would come to him. A fleeting idea, nothing more.  It disappeared more often than not for centuries, reappearing on the rare occasions where Mortem saw something that reinforced his loneliness. As the years continued to stretch, however, the thought grew louder, until the idea took root. And as the ages came and went, it grew bigger. So much so, that Mortem found himself constantly thinking about it.                He didn’t need to be alone.                He was Death. His powers were the strongest from all the Gods, second only to his Father, stretching boundlessly from him into the distance. If he was doomed to wander the universe forever, the least the universe could do was give him company. Someone that would stay with him till the very end, bound to him in every way that mattered.                Mind set up, Mortem began planning how he would bring this person into being. It would undoubtedly take time, most probably eons, for the being to be created. It would need power too, power as thick and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Death/Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Death & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Protective Harry
Powerful Harry
Master of Death Harry Potter
Protective Avengers
Protective Tony Stark
Not Canon Compliant
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Harry Potter Needs a Hug
The Author Regrets Everything
The Author Regrets Nothing
Homosexuality
Harry is Gay for Death
OOC Harry Potter
Mothering Harry
LITERALLY
Avengers Won't Show up for a While
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Death/Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Tony Stark
Death & Harry Potter
Harry Potter & Avengers Team

