Work Text:
The future is strange, and getting used to it is hard for the both of them. They're on seperate timelines, different chronologies – Steve has been awake for about a year and a half, and Bucky has been slowly gaining back memories of the sixties, seventies, eighties (he always loudly denies being around in the nineties, but everyone and their mother knows he is lying)./ / / / /Bucky is sulking in Stark's kitchen, moving his fingers of his left arm every few seconds. They had gone to Tony to make adjustments on the mechanical arm, and some of them were good – the star on his shoulder is a shield now, matching Steve's – but it still brought up memories he'd rather forget. They had been invited to stay in Stark Towers for a few days for follow-up work, and Steve is watching him slurp at soup with a sour face. He wants to turn that frown upside down.He scoots his chair over closer to him and braces his elbows on the table, chin on his hands. Bucky raises an eyebrow at him, and Steve grins at him.“You know what we both missed when we were getting freezer burn?” he asks, and he can't hide his smile.“Other than denim-on-denim and talking ponies?” Bucky rolls his eyes at him and takes another sip of his soup.“Like, fifty Disney movies.” Bucky spits his soup out, choking a little. “Shut the fuck up,” he says accusingly once he has wiped his mouth and Steve has stopped laughing. “There's no way.”“I'm telling you, Buck, fifty Disney movies. They even kept making 'em after he died.”They both share grins of childish glee, and claim Stark's movie room for themselves, with a queue set up with the four they've seen, and all those that came after.Steve's favorites are Mulan and Tangled. Bucky likes Beauty and the Beast. Neither of them stop singing the songs, to the point that Clint has started throwing things and Natalia glares whenever one of them opens their mouth./ / / / / They don't play music in elevators anymore, but they sometimes play them in stores, and usually it's music from hit parades or charts or whatever the word is now. For all that Bucky has always prided himself on looking like a gangster and dressing and acting as sharp as you can when you're a dock worker in Brooklyn, the future finds him liking pop songs, that he sings at any chance he can get, singing obnoxiously and grinding his hips.Steve likes rock music, which surprises everyone but Bucky, who rolls his eyes and goes to change the radio station, only to be swatted away.They're in a little mom 'n pop clothing store around the corner from their apartment, looking through racks of jeans – and it feels weird as anything for Steve to be reaching for large rather than small – and they can hear the owners' daughter talking about the playlist she made, which she broadcasts over the shop's speakers.It starts an upbeat, pop-y tune, which has Bucky grinning and waggling his eyebrows from across the racks, and when the lyrics start up the two of them freeze to look at one another.“And while you're here in my arms,” the girl sings, her voice electronically modified, “Let's make the most of the night like we're gonna die young”And their eyes meet, and they are in Brooklyn in 2014 and they are twenty-five and twenty-four years old, and ninety-five and ninety-four, and their eyes meet and they both burst out laughing, clutching each others arms to stop from sinking to the ground./ / / / / Steve is emphatically excited when they meet JARVIS for the first time, asking him an avalanche of questions. Bucky is skeptical and impressed, but tries his best to blow it off. When the two of them are in their guest room that has been lent to them, and Bucky has turned on “privacy mode”, Steve is still talking about it.“The future has robots, Bucky,” he babbles, sitting on the edge of the bed and toeing off his shoes.“Seems so, pal,” Bucky replies mildly. “Robots!” Steve repeats, grinning. “It's like an Asimov short story. Actual robots that talk and think and do things. How are you not more excited about this? Robots!”“I'm more interested in finding out if Stark's robot butler is gonna watch us while we fuck,” Bucky says, pushing Steve backwards with a smirk.“Robots,” Steve says once more with a shit-eating grin on his face, with Bucky straddling him, and he has the audacity to laugh before Bucky drags him into a kiss./ / / / / Finding out the Dodgers have moved to California comes as a personal blow to the two of them. It even comes up in interviews, the press things that SI organizes every once in a while, for 'Pro-Avengers Public Image'. Hill is in charge of them, which means that they aren't that bad, but they are encouraged to stay polite in them.Steve makes his best Captain America is disappointed in you, son face when the reporter asks, and Bucky just scowls and says, “I got a word for 'em, alright, but I don't think I'm allowed to say it on television.”Banner suggests that they start rooting for the Yankees in revenge with a wry turn to his mouth, and everyo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Stucky Week
Established Relationship
Fluff
making out to arctic monkeys songs

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

