Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  “Three more weeks,” Helblindi joked, wrapping an arm around Loki’s shoulders.
  He and Byleistr burst into laughter.  Loki only frowned as he stared at the book in his hands.
  “Ha,” Loki said dryly.
  “Oh, come on,” Byleistr said.  “We’re only joking.”
  “Boys!” Laufey shouted as he stepped into the library.
  Helblindi and Byleistr straightened their backs before they bowed to him.
  “Father,” they both said.  Laufey glanced at Loki.
  “Hmph,” Loki murmured, pushing his attention further into his book.
  Laufey huffed.  Helblindi and Byleistr glanced at their brother.
  “Don’t be too upset,” Laufey ordered.  “It’s tradition.”
  Loki slammed his book shut.
  “Tradition?!” Loki shouted.  “Giving away your child is perfectly okay for you?”
  “Here we go again,” Byleistr grumbled.
  “Having to give away a prince of Jötunheim to some stablehand would be perfectly okay for you?”
  Laufey scoffed.
  “He would not be some stablehand,” Laufey replied.
  “You sound certain of that,” Loki snapped back.
  Laufey huffed again, closing his eyes.  He opened his eyes again after a moment.
  “I expect you to be ready,” Laufey commanded firmly.
  Loki frowned even harder.
  “As if I’d walk gleefully down the path of a whore,” Loki spat.
  “You won’t be a whore,” Helblindi said, reaching for him.
  Loki pulled away from him.
  “As if you’ve ever told me that I’d have any other life,” Loki grumbled, keeping his back turned towards the others.  He crossed his arms over his chest.
  Byleistr exhaled sharply as Helblindi glanced at their father.  Laufey remained stern.
  “I expect you to be ready,” Laufey repeated, stepping forward again.  “Alphas are starting to arrive.  It would be wise for you to associate yourself with them.”  Loki didn’t look at him.  “Did you hear me?”
  “I heard you,” Loki said, not turning to him.
  “Do you understand?” Laufey asked.
  Loki huffed.
  “I understand,” Loki snapped.
  “Good,” Laufey replied before he turned and hurried out of the room.
  The sound of the door closing echoed throughout the entire library.
  Byleistr exhaled again.  He and Helblindi turned back to Loki.
  Loki kept his back towards them.
  “What?” Loki asked.
  “Nothing, nothing,” Helblindi said, holding up his hands.
  “You should listen to Father,” Byleistr added.
  Loki remained quiet, only turning his head slightly.
  “Fine,” Loki complained after a moment.  He turned and grabbed hold of his book.  “It beats staying here and listening to you two.”
  “Yeah,” Byleistr said.  “I mean, we’re not—.  Hey.”
  Loki chuckled to himself as he left the library.  The door closed gently behind him.
  His weak smile vanished from his face and was replaced with a deep frown.  He sighed heavily.
  Loki turned and walked down the hallway to the throne room in order to greet all the alphas that would arrive.
 
  “When will you two be leaving?” Frigga asked.  Her gaze remained on the book in her hands.
  “When Thor is done packing,” Odin replied, glancing at his wife.
  “So, another three weeks?” Frigga asked, glancing up from her book.
  They both laughed out loud before a trunk came thudding down a flight of stairs.  Both of them turned.
  The trunk came to a stop onto one of its sides.  The lid fell open, and several thick hardcovered books fell onto the floor.
  Odin and Frigga watched as Thor hurried down the stairs.
  “Ah, shit,” Thor complained before he began scooping the book back into the trunk.
  “Why are you bringing books?” Frigga asked.  “You don’t read.”
  “They’re not for me,” Thor replied, not looking at her.
  “Well, obviously,” Frigga muttered with a roll of her eyes.
  “I plan on giving them to Prince Loki,” Thor explained.
  “Flattery won’t get you very far,” Odin reminded.  “Rumor has it that Loki is an awfully cold person.  It’s difficult for him to open up to people.”
  “I know,” Thor said.  “I know, but I want to impress him.”
  “You do realize that there’s possibly thousands of alphas vying for his attention?” Frigga asked.
  “There cant be that many,” Thor replied with a sly grin.  “Besides, I’m prince of Asgard, soon to be king.  They’re farmers and stable boys.  I’m the best thing that’s going to be there.”
  “Don't be overly confident,” Odin warned.
  “Those farmers and stable boys might defeat you in the tournament,” Frigga said.
  The sly grin returned to Thor’s face.
  “Nonsense, mother,” Thor replied.  “No one’s beating me.  Not when I have Mjolnir.”
  Frigga raised a brow at him.
  “The others are waiting for you outside,” Odin explained.  “They’re already finished packing.”
  “Oh good,” Thor said, closing the lid of the trunk before he lifted it into his arms.  “I don’t have to wait.”
  “Is that your last piece of luggage?” Frigga asked as Thor walked past her.
  “Yes, mother,” Thor replied with a roll of his eyes.
  “Finally,” Odin huffed underneath his breath.
  “Have fun,” Frigga said, turning to Odin.  She planted a kiss on his lips before he followed after his son.  “Goo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Helblindi/OMC
Byleistr/OFC
Hela/Sif
Fandral/Volstagg

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Alpha Thor
Omega Loki
Dubious Consent
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Enemies to Lovers
induced heat
Knotting
Attempt of Rape
Loss of Virginity
trans dynamic character

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Helblindi/OMC
Byleistr/OFC
Hela/Sif
Fandral/Volstagg

