Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Does the Royal family know that you hide in corners and spy on them?” The deep voice startled Peter, and he whirled around to stare up and up at the Alpha that had somehow snuck up on him.“Does the Royal family know that you hide in corners and spy on them?” he retorted, and the Alpha grinned down at him, flashing a set of fangs long enough to make Peter’s heart jump to his throat.“Easy little Beta.” a big hand at his waist turned Peter back so he was looking through the curtains again, spying on the parlor where the ruling Betas and the visiting Alpha King were talking. “I won’t tell on you, if you don’t tell on me.”“Right.” Peter swallowed nervously. The Alpha thought he was a Beta. The suppressants were working. “Neither one of us will tell.”“Have you heard anything good?” The Alpha pressed closer, his chest brushing against Peter’s back as he leaned in. “Anything about the Omega Prince?”“Uh– no?” Peter was a terrible liar, and was glad it was fairly dark in the little alcove to hide his red face. “But I’m trying to find out things about the Alpha Prince. I know plenty about the Omega already.”“Like what?” The strangers arm came to rest on the column next to Peter, surrounding him with a wash of warmth and the heavy scent that could only be Alpha, thick and musky and oh why was it so good?“Tell me things about the Omega Prince.” the Alpha suggested, twitching the curtain aside enough so he could get a glimpse into the room as well. “What’s he like?“Why so curious?” Peter asked defensively, forgetting for a few seconds that the Alpha didn’t realize that he was the Omega Prince. Not with the suppressants, and not in the dark.
Take it down a notch, Peter.
“Maybe don’t sound so jealous with in the first five minutes of a date.” the Alpha suggested, laughing good naturedly and squeezing at Peter’s waist with his free hand. “I’m all for possessive little Beta’s but other Alpha’s might hate that.”“I can promise you–” Peter couldn’t help the arrogance in his tone. “–that I couldn’t care less what you or any other Alpha thinks of me. Also–” after a few seconds of thought. “–this isn’t a date.”“Brat.” the Alpha grinned against and motioned back to the room. “So what has your secret sleuthing uncovered?”“Not a whole lot so far.” Peter admitted. “But it will be less, now that you are talking in my ear.”“Apologies.” another chuckle, low and warm. “I’ll try to keep it down. Budge up so my ass doesn’t stick out of this cozy little corner and give us away.”Peter had to muffle something of a squawk as the Alpha patted at his butt to move him further into the alcove.“Are you always this forward with Beta’s you find?” The question came out much less snarky than Peter intended, the shock of not only being touched so casually, but also so intimately by a stranger enough to make him speechless.“Only the pretty ones that don’t have the common sense to kick me out.” the Alpha was laughing again, close enough now that Peter could feel his shoulders shaking. “But don’t worry little Beta, I have no intentions of compromising your virtue. You just picked the best spot to spy from, so now you have to share it.”“I’m not used to having to do anything.” Peter tried to bring his usual haughty edge back to his words, but it was difficult with the Alpha this close, looming over him. “In fact, I never do a single thing that I don’t want to.”“My god, what a boring life.” the Alpha groaned in annoyance and Peter started to argue with him, but shut up abruptly when the Alpha clapped a big hand over his mouth. “Shh. I think they are getting to the good stuff.”“I think a year.” the Beta woman was saying quietly, rubbing a hand over her forehead, obviously worn out by what had been hours of talks. “I can’t think– I mean, forcing him into more than that is just cruel. It’s bad enough that he has to go through this at all, much less for a lifetime. It is feasible that a year would give us the time to make a better arrangement.”“It takes at least a year for a child to be conceived depending on the heat cycle of the Omega.” a louder voice, brash and blunt. “Longer if he is infertile or reluctant. How are his cycles? Has he had an Alpha before, or is he pure? How often does he go into heat?”Peter jerked a little at all the invasive questions, and he felt the Alpha stiffen behind him as well, the hand falling from his mouth when he tapped on it. “It isn’t right for them to talk about an Omega like that.” he whispered, more embarrassed than he could admit over hearing the private details of his life churned out for a strangers ears. “As if he is a piece of meat. Talking about his cycles as if all he is good for is breeding.”“I hear that.” the Alpha agreed. “But I imagine the Omega’s family talks about the Alpha the same way, don’t you? Asking if he is fertile, if he could give them an heir?”“Alpha’s are brutes.” Peter scoffed. “What would they care? Most of them only manage to think far enough ahead to their next meal and th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
peter parker/ wade wilson

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Arranged Marriage
Alternate Universe - Historical
Alternate Universe - Royalty
Alpha Wade
Omega Peter
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
First Meeting
disguises
First Kisses
Peter is a Little Shit
Sassy Peter Parker
Relationship Negotiations
Arguing
Awkward Flirting
Protective Wade
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Plot Twists
Poisoning
Uncle Ben Doesn't Die
Cuddling & Snuggling
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Knotting
First Times
Wade is a Good Alpha
Mating Bond
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Falling In Love
Fluff and Humor
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Porn with Feelings
Happily Ever After
Bonus Chapters Added
Christmas
Kid Fic
Family Feels
Family Fluff

fandom: 
peter parker/ wade wilson

