Work Text:
The first time it happens, Tony is unconscious.Steve shouldn’t even be here, not when his own wounds are just barely starting to heal. He supposes it’s dangerous, too, not that he cares – the U.N. is too busy dealing with the fallout of Thanos’ attack to even think about arresting him now, and even if they did, honestly, Steve wishes good luck to the poor bastard that tries to drag him away from Tony’s bedside. He finds himself a chair and just sits there, far enough from the bed that when Tony wakes up he’s not going to have Steve in his personal space.(Tony will wake up. The doctors said so. Bruce said so. Strange said so. Steve looks at his bruised face, his bandaged torso, closes his eyes and tells himself that over and over again, doesn’t think about died on her sleep or about how long a person can take to wake up from a fall.)The nurse does her best to convince him to leave, to go to his own room, and Steve knows she’s just doing her job, but he looks at her firmly and shakes his head. He doesn’t care about the pain anyway – he’s gotten used to the healing process, the constant burn of his skin stretching and his bones readjusting. He knows the doctors can’t help much, they never know what to make of his regeneration system, and it’s been three years since any actual hospital took a look at him anyway.Steve hates hospitals. He always hated them, ever since he was younger, begging to his mom to take care of him at home, and then later whining so much about it that Bucky learned basic first aid just to shut him up. Hospitals smelled of death and disease, of everything wrong about him, of all the ways he was too weak to help anyone.A lot has changed since that time, but apparently not enough to make that feeling go away.(He wonders what Tony thinks of hospitals. He makes a note in his mind to ask when – when, when, not if, don’t even think about if – he wakes up.)Steve looks at Tony. The past month, he had been doing that a lot – way too much, if Sam and Nat’s eye rolls were anything to go by. But Steve couldn’t help it. They were in the middle of a war, having to put everything aside to save the universe, and Steve couldn’t stop watching Tony working on something on the Milano, Tony giving Parker instructions, Tony fixing his armor after a tough battle. Steve would look, like he used to do back at the Tower, at the compound, at anywhere they were together. He’d take in in every detail, Tony’s eyes and skin and voice and smile.He had been so sure he wouldn’t get to do that again.Now, with Tony in that bed, eyes closed, chest moving slowly, Steve gets the chance to stare plainly, not worried about having to look away if Tony’s eyes glanced towards him for a moment. Tony looks pale, weak and wrong. The room is quiet like no place where Tony Stark is should ever be. Tony is all about noise, explosions and loud music and endless chatter. The silence feels suffocating, not a single sound in the room except for Tony’s slow breath.(Focus on that, Steve tells himself, focus on the breathing, it’s the most important thing in the entire universe right now. Screw Thanos, screw the Infinity Stones, screw the U.N., Tony’s breathing.)Steve thinks back on the first time he felt his heart stop waiting for the sound of Tony’s breath, a million years ago, in New York. He thinks of all the times afterward, of all the times it must have happened in the three years they spend apart. His arm burns, the wound there almost closing, and Steve tells himself the tears he feels wallowing up on his eyes are because of that.When Colonel Rhodes opens the door, Steve doesn’t immediately notice. He doesn’t say anything, though, just walks to Tony, holding his hand and patting gently, mumbling something in his ear before standing up.Steve feels a tinge of pain on his palms and realizes he’s clenching his fists, watching Tony’s hands, Tony’s face, Tony’s chest going up and down (that’s good, that’s perfect, think about that, don’t think about if). He feels a huge burning feeling on his back. He guesses his bones must be rearranging as his ribs pull themselves back together, and that’s still nothing compared to watching Tony’s hand lay on that grey, awful, disgusting hospital bed.Colonel Rhodes looks at him for a moment and Steve feels a burst of fear on his chest that has nothing to do with the pain. Nurses and U.N. officials are one thing, but Tony’s best friend is another. Still, the idea of leaving is unimaginable, Steve can’t even consider it, isn’t even sure if he’d be able to move if he had to. He looks at Tony’s hand again and nearly panics at the thought of not listening to that breath anymore. He’s one second away from begging to stay when the Colonel nods towards the bed, gesturing for Steve to come closer.“Strange said talking helps.” He says, and his dark eyes watch Steve with something that can only be described as pity, and Steve will take it, gladly, has never been so happy to be pitied inside a hospital in his li
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Love Confessions
First Kiss
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War
(no spoilers for the actual movie)
POV Steve Rogers
Fluff and Angst
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

