Work Text:
When they’d found him on the bank he’d looked dead, streaming blood and water. Pale, unmoving, riddled with bullet holes and covered in bruises. He looked like a man who’d taken on the world and lost—not the fight for freedom, but his life.“That’s a price I’m willing to pay,” Steve had said, and meant it, and proved it.Sam stumbled forward numbly, and the injustice of it would’ve been crippling enough. How many times did a man have to give his life for his country before his country got her act together and started keeping her heroes from needing to die for her?But on a personal level, Steve had become something less and something more than a hero to Sam. Something closer and more personal: a friend, and a good man. The kind of soldier who could give an off-the-cuff speech that would rally the brave and timid alike to live up to the expectations of Captain America. The serum had kept Steve alive, but it wasn’t what had made him the man his country had needed to fight Hydra, then or now. Super-soldier or not, Steve had weathered the decades and remained relevant because good men willing to do the right thing were always relevant.And Sam wasn’t ready to watch another good man die. All the group therapy in the world, and all the knowledge of the insidious nature of PTSD, didn’t make it any easier to survive the bloody fallout of war. Grief wasn’t something you got better at doing, or more efficient at moving past, and Sam just wasn’t ready. Not again.Natasha was present during the swarm of activity that had followed as they transported him out: a flash of red hair amidst the generic uniforms of the EMTs, as they all worked to assess and stabilize Steve.He watched red, white, and blue, trampled and beaten, being loaded onto a gurney. Sam didn’t let Steve out of his sight until the doors were literally being slammed in his face. Sirens wailed.He jumped when Natasha’s hand landed on his shoulder and she said in a voice even huskier than usual, “Come on, Wilson. I’ll give you a lift.” He opened his mouth to protest, but she added with her own unique blend of sharp kindness: “To the hospital.”“There’s something you should know about working with the Captain,” Natasha continued, as the world went by in a blur outside the car window.Sam regrouped and refocused on her. On the set of her jaw as she stared dead ahead at the road. For all her mystery, she seemed a solid enough anchor just then. “Yeah?”Natasha gripped the steering wheel. “He makes a habit of worrying his friends.”“Don’t we all?” Sam sighed, because if there was one thing he’d learned from listening to the confessions of soul-torn soldiers it was that guilt was one of the worst feelings in the world to have to live with.You did what you had to do in order to live with yourself, even if that meant getting yourself killed.Natasha’s laugh was tinged with harsh fondness, or outright bitterness, or just bone-deep exhaustion. “Yeah. But Steve has a special gift for it.”“Thinks he’s invulnerable, or super or something, huh?”“Or something,” Natasha agreed. Green eyes darted to him briefly, like a warning. “He heals quickly.” She paused, and apropos of nothing—and everything—added softly, “Doesn’t mean it hurts any less.”What she didn’t say was that it hurt Steve more. Hours later, when Sam was finally allowed in to see Steve—and Natasha materialized out of the air from wherever she’d disappeared to—Steve was unconscious, but not peaceful.Hospital lights left no scratch undisclosed, and face looked bad, now, real bad. Like someone had whaled on him for an hour. Or for just a few minutes, with a metal fist. Sam wouldn’t know for sure until Steve woke up and told him. If Steve told him.The bruises spread in stark contrast against pale skin, one particularly bad one turning a swollen purple-black. His eyebrows were drawn together tightly, and when he turned his head fitfully to the side with a just-audible moan, Sam said sharply, “You’d think someone around here would have the heart to spare something decent for the pain.” He reached for the call button, but Natasha shook her head. “None of it works on him.” Her words were pragmatic with experience, even if her eyes weren’t. “His metabolism burns through it before it can help.”Sam sagged into a nearby chair and watched her card fingers through Steve’s hair, her actions as calmly comforting now as they could be calmly lethal in battle. She answered every stifled whimper with protective, sheltering words, and the tenderness Sam saw there was startling and natural all at once.When Steve started murmuring “Bucky? Buck…” in a pleading way that could only be described as heart-broken, Sam swore under his breath—at what or whom he wasn’t sure anymore.Natasha cast him a brittle smile. “About sums it up.”Steve’s yearning whispers were hard to listen to, but when Sam asked if they should try waking him up she shook her head. “Let him sleep as long as he can. He needs it.”He’d be hurting even more if he were awake. The
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Avengers Feels
Team Dynamics
Team Bonding
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Feels
Sam Wilson Being Awesome
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Male Friendship
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Steve
Protective Avengers
Avengers Family
Feels
Angst
Fluff and Hurt/Comfort
Steve Rogers Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
Freeform
Protective Phil Coulson
Avengers - Freeform
Phil Coulson Needs a Hug
Coulson is Alive (without explanations)
because this is my world
and i like it that way
Fix-It
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
None
