Work Text:
As wonderful as Wakanda had been to them, there was no substitute for the United States. The second his foot touched down, a tension that Steve hadn’t even known he was carrying suddenly eased, and he suddenly felt lighter. Looking around at the rest of the team, he could see the change reflected in their faces as well. Clint actually smiled, which was something that he hadn’t done since receiving Laura’s divorce papers.It also helped that they were being taken straight from the airport to the Compound. Steve couldn’t wait to see their home again. He wanted to show Bucky his room. He wanted to get Bucky his own room. He wanted everything to go back to normal, except it would be better this time because Bucky was with them. He grinned with excitement, giving Bucky a playful nudge, and saw Bucky’s lips twitch in response. Not a smile, not yet, but it was close.The trip to the Compound was spent in silence, all of them lost in their own worlds. Truth be told, none of them were sure what was going to happen when they got there. T’Challa had told them they were pardoned, but had also said something about conditions. He hadn’t listed them all, but they all knew that one of those conditions would be putting their signatures on the Accords. Steve had not agreed to do that, though he also hadn’t disagreed: he was waiting to state his opinion in person, when it would have more of an impact.There was a small crowd waiting for them when the car pulled up. Steve recognized some of them. It would be impossible not to. The New Avengers – a term coined by the press – had been all over the news in the past two years. Captain Marvel, Vision, War Machine, and Spider-Man were missing, but Iron Man, Dr. Strange, Wasp and Siren were standing by, along with Everett Ross. The other people, all clad in dark business suits, were unfamiliar.He got out of the car first, looking over the other team. He was familiar with Iron Man, Dr. Strange and even Wasp to some extent, but Siren was the true mystery. She was wearing very similar armor to Iron Man, except hers was bright blue with hot pink accents and cut to fit a woman’s body. In the bright sunlight, the silver detailing across the torso glistened. Definitely not made for stealth. No one knew who she was. Superheroes were not required to share their identities with the world in order to sign the Accords. Steve had heard that was an amendment Tony had done not long after the Accords came into effect. The voice modifier that Tony put into all of the armors meant that no one could recognize her voice. A lot of people thought that it was probably Potts, but Potts herself had neither confirmed nor denied the claim – and Steve wasn’t sure what that meant.“Hello, Mr. Rogers,” Ross said, thrusting a hand out. “Good to see you.”“And you,” Steve said. “It’s good to be home.”“I’m sure, I’m sure. We have some last minute things to go over,” Ross said, gesturing to the people behind him. “We do, of course, need you to sign the Accords. Each of you has been assigned a lawyer who will personally go over both the Accords and the conditions of your pardons.”“What if we don’t want to sign?” Steve asked. It came out more aggressive than he’d intended, but he stood by the question. He thought he heard Wasp snort, but, when he looked in her direction, her face was blank.Ross blinked. “Your pardons can be amended, in that case,” he said. “You’ll have to find a new residence.”“We can’t live here if we don’t sign?” Wanda demanded.“Well, no,” Ross said, as though that were obvious, staring at her in surprise. “The Compound is funded by the United Nations and the Accords Council. It is publicly owned property and it’s in the agreement that only those who have signed the Accords are permitted to live here.”“That something Stark dreamed up?” Clint asked, sneering.The faceplate of the Iron Man suit slid up, revealing Tony’s bored face. “Did your listening skills deteriorate in all that Wakandan heat?” he asked mildly. “S.I. doesn’t own this place anymore. I graciously donated it to the Council for their use. They’re the ones who keep it running and they’re the ones who take care of everything, which means they’re the ones who decide who lives here.”“Indeed. Mr. Stark was generous enough to donate the building to our cause.” Ross smiled. “You did read the information packages I forwarded to you? Everything was in there.”Steve glanced at the others. None of them would meet his eye, not even Natasha. He sighed. “I’m afraid we had other things on our mind.”“Right, well. As I said, the lawyers can get you up to speed. Pleasure to have you back.” Ross nodded and smiled again and then walked away. Two of the people split off from the group and followed him. A grim, unsmiling woman with red hair walked over to Steve. She was wearing a black suit and looked so immaculately made-up that Steve immediately began to feel like his jeans and button-up shirt were inappropriate.“Mr. Rogers, my name is Catherine Anderso
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
no spoilers for infinity wars
Phil Coulson lives
Peggy Carter Lives
BAMF Peggy Carter
Clones
Hand wavy science
Comic Book Science
Peggy Carter as an Avenger
Peggy Carter is Tony Stark's godmother
Protective Peggy Carter
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Not Clint Barton Friendly
POV Steve Rogers
sometimes it's just easier to make steve's idiocy glaringly obvious when it's his POV
seriously this fic is not kind the exvengers
Pardons
steve rogers is oblivious
Steve Rogers is clueless
Character Death
wanda maximoff character death
hand wavy politics
one-sided steve rogers/peggy carter
peggy carter is pretty pissed off at the moment
Bucky Barnes just wants to sleep
Bucky Barnes does not want to be an Avenger
way to play the guilt card Steve
Steve Rogers doesn't pay much attention to what other people want
hand wavy legalities
Original Female Characters - Freeform
but I promise they don't play a huge role
this contains guesswork on how the avengers will be run from now on
and is most likely completely inaccurate
but it was fun to torment Steve with
wanda maximoff's mind manipulation
Mind Control
justification of mind control
Happy Ending
well happy ending if you don't like steve
peggy carter is done with this shit
steve rogers gets punched in the face
that's a running theme in my works
holograms
because a baseball cap is not a good disguise
The salt content is high with this one
the closer we get to IW the more salty I get

fandom: 
None
