Work Text:
When it first happened, when Dummy suddenly became DJ, Clint kept Izzy out of it. There was heavy magic involved, and Dummy-the-boy's existence could be terminated too easily; Izzy'd had enough death in her six years. Plus, Clint saw the change in Tony -- perhaps better than anyone else did.Suddenly, Tony was a father, and he was a father who'd had a shitty one himself; Clint could relate. He thought maybe they should have a secret club, the fraternity of men terrified that they were going to ruin the life of the fragile child entrusted to their care. (He'd come up with a catchier name for it later.) He could see the fear in Tony's face, knew it intimately, and waited with a certain amount of glee for the moment Tony realised that getting to be a better dad meant a certain level of revenge on his old man. Hadn't happened yet, but Clint had high hopes.On top of that, though, at least at the outset, Tony was in literal fear for his child's life. Dummy could be taken from him at any time, because clearly someone had it out for Tony, and they wanted to harm him through Dummy. Clint would give whoever it was some points for locating one of Tony Stark's few weak spots that couldn't fight back.Except that Dummy could, of course; they had all underestimated the kid.When it became obvious that Dummy-DJ was here to stay in whatever form he chose to take on a given morning, Clint still kept Izzy separate, at least for a little while. Life was just starting to stabilize -- they were living in the Tower, he was home a lot more than usual, and Phil was back. And, while Phil had always been like a second father to Izzy, now he wanted to actually be one, which was taking a little bit of sorting out. It was probably good that Phil was really handy at scheduling. Plus, Izzy was in real school for the first time. She had less time to spend in the workshop anyway, so it was easy to explain to her that she couldn't visit Tony there for a while. She got to follow him around whenever he wasn't in the workshop, so it was no great loss."Are Steve and Tony married?" she asked Clint one night as he was putting her to bed -- Bedtime Question Hour, as he'd come to think of it. "I was drawing in the kitchen 'cause I was playing spy and I saw them kissing.""No, they're dating. Like me and Phil," he replied, because hiding that from Izzy had been reasonably pointless, and why should they? "Well, not exactly like me and Phil, because they're headcases, but more or less.""Bobby at school has two moms," she said. "But Kayla-my-best-friend has a mom and a dad. And Hunter has just a mom. And I have a poppa and Phil.""Uh huh," Clint said, letting most of that information fly on by."So, what's normal?"He kissed her forehead. "Best girl, there is no such thing as normal. Anyone who tells you otherwise is tryin' to sell you something. You remember that, okay?"She nodded soberly and, thank God, didn't ask if she had a mom. She probably would, and probably soon, but Clint wasn't sure he'd ever be ready for the moment he'd have to explain to the best child in the universe why her mom had given her to Clint Barton, of all people, to raise her.The next morning at breakfast, Tony was there, smudged with oil and tired looking, fixing his own plate as well as a second, smaller plate that had once been Izzy's but which Tony had ruthlessly absconded with for DJ. Clint wasn't sure where it had come from originally, but it was bright pink and said I AM A PRINCESS on it in a suspiciously Disneyesque font."DJ?" he asked, nodding at the plate."Sorry, did Iz want the princess plate?" Tony asked."Nah, she likes the Dora plate right now -- ""Ah, crap, I've got that one in the shop too -- ""It's fine, where's the -- hey Izzy, you get the compartments plate this morning," Clint called, waving a little plate full of tiny compartments for food."Yay!" Izzy called back."See? Piece of cake.""I'll bring it up next time I come to the kitchen," Tony promised. "That's the last of the potatoes, does Iz -- hey, Pistachio, do you want potatoes?" he asked. Izzy shook her head, and Tony stole them from under Clint's spatula, flinging them onto the Princess Plate. "Okay, and -- breakfast achieved.""DJ being picky?" Clint asked, surprised. DJ was not known for refusing to put things in his mouth, whether they were edible or not."No, but he likes Steve's home fries," Tony replied, and then stopped, half-turned to Clint, a hilarious look on his face."What?" Clint asked, popping a bite of toast into his mouth. Tony squinted harder, and Clint grinned. "Yes. What we just had was, in fact, an incredibly dad conversation. Get used to it, Poppa.""Poppa!" Izzy yelled from the dining table. "Tony's not your poppa!""No, I am definitely not," Tony answered, patting Izzy's head as he passed."Where're you going?" she demanded."Big party in the workshop, you're not invited," Tony retorted. She giggled. "See you later, Dandelion.""Hey, Tony, we could come down for lunch if you want," Clin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Robots
Kid Fic
Daddy Issues
We're trying not to have them

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

