Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky wakes to the smell of smoke. Greasy and acrid, the smoke winds up his nose and makes him want to hurl. He ignores the urge and leaps out of bed.
His apartment isn’t on fire yet, but probably the building. The temperature is warm, too warm, but still cool enough that he has a few extra moments before he needs to be gone. He grabs his backpack and then rushes to the kitchen, giving himself fifteen seconds to grab any additional food.
He hears the shouts and screams of his neighbors and relaxes - that should be enough to wake up anyone else still asleep this morning.
He burns his fifteen seconds in shoving extra bread, cheese, and water into his back. He grabs his coat, and then Bucky dashes to the small balcony attached to his living area. He uses his momentum to jump up onto the railing and then push off, leaping for the neighboring roof.
Bucky scans for Hydra agents - or agents of any kind - as he lands into a roll. For all of his planned escape routes, he had expected to be chased, but the fire doesn’t appear designed to flush him out. Or at least, there’s no one chasing him that he can see.
He runs, keeping a careful eye out and sticking to the shadows. Still, he doesn’t detect any followers, but the screams from those left in the apartment build.
He shouldn’t. He shouldn’t.
Bucky turns back to look.
Smoke billows out of the alley, and Bucky can barely make out the balcony from which he had jumped. The lower floors have to be on fire. Bucky can hear the sirens, but they’re not close enough - not for how old the apartment is, with creaky floors that would give away an attacker.
Something explodes on one of the lower floors. The entire building groans. People on the fire escape start climbing up instead of down, their screams reaching a higher pitch.
They’re trapped. They have no way down except to jump at least five stories down to concrete or to leap for Bucky’s roof. None of them will survive the first, and most won’t survive the second.
Go, Bucky! Something within him urges, or is that someone? Someone told him that. There were flames then, too. Fire everywhere. Bucky had been stuck on one side, the safe side like he is now, but there was someone on the other…
The man.
His mission.
…Steve.
No, not without you, Bucky mouths now, in the present. Is that what he had said? Is that what he did? The fear comes roaring back with the memory, panic clawing up his throat and trying to choke him… but he didn’t die in the flames. Steve couldn’t have died in the flames.
But then what happened?
Bucky rotates his wrist, listening to the chinks of the metal plates to help him stay on the roof, in the present. He’ll write the memory down later, when he is safe enough to get lost in the past.
Bucky steps forward, to the alleyway and the burning apartment complex. But what to do, how is he going to get people across? Bucky scans the rooftop that he’s on, and sees a pile of construction supplies piled next to a half-built shed, including a stack of long wooden planks. Bucky races over and drags two out from the bottom, where they would’ve been shielded from the weather.
The wood is solid, not yet warped or damaged. He drops his backpack between the supplies, out of sight behind a bucket, and then brings the boards over to the edge. He lets them fall across the gap, keeping a hold of one edge and aiming for the railing on the fire escape on the other. The boards are just long enough. They land with a clatter on the other side, startling the people clustered on the upper levels. They’ll have to climb back down, nearer to the flames, to get to Bucky’s bridge, but it’s their only option.
People, so many people, are now looking at him. Bucky risks a glance behind him, but there’s no one else on his roof.
Bucky turns back and focuses on the first person he can make eye contact with - a woman, staring at him wide-eyed, as she clutches a purse full to bursting. He waves her over, focusing all his attention on this one person.
She hesitates for a moment, and Bucky curses that he picked the wrong person to beckon first. But then she races down the steps with others on her heels.
“Hold this edge,” she orders the man standing next to her, her voice shaking, as she points at the wood. She slings her purse over her shoulder, and then slowly climbs up onto the planks. She crawls - slowly, too slowly, but she crawls over. In the middle of the alley the wood bows under her weight, but the planks hold.
She keeps her eyes on Bucky, and Bucky doesn’t dare blink. If he blinks or breaks contact, she might look down and freeze, and there won’t be time to get everyone across. He feels his internal clock ticking, counting down, as the flames and smoke continue.
No, not without you, he repeats the words to see if they fit in his mouth yet.
Bucky holds fast to the lengths of the boards that he has on his side. He crouches out of the way as the woman makes it to him and tumbles over onto the roof. She immediately jump
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Unrequited Steve & Bucky
Background Steve & Tony
that becomes past Steve & Tony
Angst with a Happy Ending
except for Steve
Sad!Steve
But no character hate
Team as Family
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

