Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 “You want me to believe her?”“Tony…”“No Steve! She is one of the most devious women I've ever met, and you think I should believe her when she suddenly appears demanding money because I apparently sired her kid?”Steve places a hand on the other man's arm trying to calm him as he looks into his eyes. “Tony, I am not suggesting you place your trust in her hands. You forget I was around when you were still in your playboy ways; I know this woman. All I’m saying is that you shouldn't just brush this off. What if he really is your son?”“What then Steve?” Tony snaps, “What do I do then? I’m no father figure; I don't know how even to begin to act like a dad let alone be one. So what am I supposed to do if he is mine? Huh? What then!?”Gently cupping his cheeks, Steve says, “I don't know.”Tony laughs hollowly, “then it’s hopeless if the great Captain America doesn't have an answer.”“This is why we have to talk to her and get a test done, because Tony,” Steve says urgently, “If she's anything like I remember then she should not have a child, yours or not.”Searching the blond's eyes Tony finally sighs quietly and rests his forehead against his husbands, “Alright Steve, you win. I’ll call her and set up a meeting.”
“Congratulations sir. The results show you are the father of Peter.”
The world fell out from under his feet.“I won’t let you take him from me! He is mine! I haven't worked so damn hard to have you come to snatch him away.”“Olivia quit it; you’re only embarrassing yourself. It's over, and the custody has already been signed over to me.”Teeth bared in a vicious snarl the woman clings to the screaming baby tighter as she tries to disappear into the corner she has squeezed into.“You were just supposed to give me the money to keep quiet about him!” She cries, “You weren't supposed to want him!”Steve eases forward a step with a soothing palm outstretched, worry for the baby etched into his features, “Why wouldn't Tony want his own son?”“I don't even want him! He’s just an easy way to get money!” She resorts to sobbing with the baby as her eyes spit fire at the billionaire standing in her small living room, “You don't like kids! You hate them because you know how awful you'll be as a parent! I'll keep him and make sure he's fed as long as you make sure I live comfortably!”“I know I won't be a good parent Olivia,” Tony narrows his eyes as he advances towards the frantic woman expression dark, “but at least I know I’ll be better than you.”Screaming in a fury Olivia in a last desperate attempt tries to dodge past the men only to be snagged around the waist by Steve as Tony awkwardly grabs the baby. When the baby leaves her arms, she instantly falls limp in Steve's arms as she sobs.Eyes wide in panic Tony awkwardly arranges the crying baby as he makes rushed shushing sounds.“Hey, hey no it's alright. It's alright,” Tony whispers as he tries to gently rock the baby -his son- into a calmer state, panic at the fact he is holding an actual baby flooding him. “Everything's ok buddy, everything's ok, shhh shhh.”Brown eyes blink up at him from a chubby tear-stained face, loud wails turning into soft whimpers. Gulping and shooting a petrified glancing in his husband's direction as he ushers Olivia into the bedroom he looks back into the babies face. If he looked, he could see similarities between himself and the child in his arms. The same sturdy nose, thin lips, soft face. It was like looking at one of his baby photos. It was unnerving how quickly he could feel a bond building between him and his son. When a small warm hand gently tapped onto his cheek to clutch awkwardly, Tony felt as if a tsunami of warmth had washed through him.He was completely screwed.He didn't cry for two weeks.Steve ended up having someone come to the tower to look over Peter, but the doctor found nothing wrong. He left the tower with the words, “Maybe he is finally in an environment where he doesn't feel like he has to cry.”But that couldn't be right. Babies cried, it's what they do. They are hungry, and they let you know by crying, diaper needs changed? They cry. Frightened by noise and in need of comfort? They cry. Peter had not even pulled a sad face since leaving his mother's house. It was unnerving.Tony wasn't sure how to feel about the baby in general. His first instinct was to run as fast and far as possible in the other direction, but every time he felt himself tensing with the intention of actually doing it he would look over and see wide brown eyes watching him. He couldn't be more than a few feet from Peter like there was some chain holding them together. He had even started doing his work from the rocking chair in the nursery during Peters naps so he would be there if he were needed. When he felt the need for sleep, he would carry Peter into their room where he could sleep in a bassinet set up next to the bed.They spent the first two weeks in a sense of peaceful unease. It was difficult to introduce a baby into 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Superfamily (Marvel)
Overprotective Parents
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
Kid Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Memory Loss
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

