Chapter 1: Day One: Wade meets Peter (and Venom)
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter hasn’t been outside in years.He knows this because he’s forgotten what the wind feels like. He remembers how it sounds, but he can’t imagine it on his skin. He can’t hear birds anymore, even with his heightened senses. The room they keep him in doesn’t have any windows. Why would it? It’s a reinforced vibranium, he can’t break through it, he’s tried.The thing inside him as tried too. They have a scientific name, but Peter’s taken to calling them Venom. At first, he didn’t name them. He didn’t want them inside him; he didn’t want to acknowledge them. But they’ve been the only thing he can talk to, and they know all his thoughts anyway. After having them in his head for a year he’s hesitant to say they’ve grown close, but they have. If Peter dies, they die. If Peter’s starving, they starve. It’s simple, really, and at first it was overwhelming, to have his already heightened senses grow even more sensitive, but he’s gotten used to them, like one gets used to a constant itch. After a while, it becomes normal.White noise.Venom is Peter’s white noise.That doesn’t shut up.‘they’re going to make us fight today’ Venom says as soon as Peter wakes.He doesn’t sleep anymore, he goes days without it, so him passing out is as close as he gets to really sleeping. There’s no bed, in his room. Just a pillow and a sheet and a toilet, and Peter doesn’t like his back facing the door at the other end of the room. He likes to have eyes on who comes in and who leaves.“Why do you say that?” Peter asks, rubbing his hands over his face, ignoring the blood that flakes like dried paint behind his ears.He looks at his veins. They stain black against his skin, and he must look horrible, like someone who was supposed to be dead, not alive. He doesn’t feel alive.‘they’re late,’ Venom explains, their voice a hiss in Peter’s skull, ‘they’re only late when we get to kill something’“Sometimes,” Peter says, sitting up and ignoring the tightness in his shoulder. “Did you try and take over last night?”Venom doesn’t answer, but Peter can feel them under his skin, slithering along his muscles and mixing like a film in his blood.He’s known Venom long enough to know when they’re withholding information.“I thought we were past that,” Peter sighs, standing and making his way over to the toilet.‘you were taking too long to wake up,’ Venom says, and Peter tries to not focus on their voice as he relieves himself, ‘if you let us out today we–‘“We’ve tried that,” Peter interrupts, harsher than he means to.‘we want to know what birds sound like’ Venom admits.“How do you know about birds?” Peter asks.‘we can hear them,’ Venom says, ‘in the small lab’Peter doesn’t answer.He doesn’t want to think about the lab, or what being in there means. He flushes the toilet and looks to the door, but no one has tried to come inside.Someone should have come to take them by now. Time is always strange here, but Peter knows that when he wakes up on his own it takes the guards exactly three hundred seconds to come into the room. When he oversleeps they wake him up.“Something’s not right,” Peter says and Venom turns under his skin.‘perhaps they died’Peter doesn’t answer the death-obsessed symbiote as he approaches the door, looking up at the three security cameras in the corner of his room. They’re blinking red, meaning they’re recording and following him. He presses his ear as close to the door as he can without touching its surface. It hasn’t worked in the past, and it doesn’t work now, he can’t hear anything beyond the reinforced walls. But something is wrong, and it’s unnerving that he knows but can’t leave the room. It’s a large base, Peter assumes, he doubts everyone inside is dead. They couldn’t be.They wouldn’t leave him to die in this room, would they?‘yes,’ Venom answers even though Peter wasn’t asking them.“I wasn’t asking you,” Peter snaps, stepping away from the door, all the sluggish aftermath of sleep washing from him in a spike of adrenaline that he’s used to feeling following a surge of fear, “stay out of my head.”‘break the door’ Venom says.Peter ignores them.He looks back to the security cameras. They can see him. He looks back to the door. He remembers the last time he tried to rip it open. He remembers the electricity that knocked him out. The pain of it is something that still makes his hair stand on end. He can’t tell if his spidey sense is the sensation buzzing in his skull or Venom, but either way he’s alert and awake.This institution is all about protocol. It runs on accountability and routine, the people who work here are more robots than humans, and in Peter’s three years here nothing has even gone off schedule. Usually if Peter stands next to the door for as long as he has been they shock him to just get him back. They don’t let him think this long. Something has happened, something that’s messed with t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Domino/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Roadtrip
Violence
Language
Slow Burn
Eventual Smut
Dirty Talk
Size Kink
HYDRA shit
Action/Adventure
Romance
Friends to Lovers
basically everyone shows up at some point - Freeform
and there's kissing
and happiness
and a shit ton of gay
Dorks in Love
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Pansexual Wade Wilson
Bisexual Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Torture
PTSD
Mental Illness
Angst
Happy Ending
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Self-Harm
Virgin Peter Parker
Miscommunication
Aftermath of Torture
Gore
protective!wade
badass!Peter
Peter has gone through a lot of shit guys
Please read with caution
HYDRA is shit and evil
Kidnapping
Trauma
Dealing With Trauma
Mental Health Issues
Mental Instability
Psychologists & Psychiatrists
Starvation
disorientation
Sexuality Crisis
basically there's a lot of shit with HYDRA
Experimentation
Doctors
Therapy
Medication
Distressing Elements and Themes
Frottage
Blowjobs
Sexual Tension
disassociating
complex PTSD
bad pop culture references
also since Deadpool is in it
there will be gore
Hurt/Comfort
supportive friendships
Everyone loves Peter
and wants him safe
Humor
Sleepovers
Implied Sexual Content
Drinking
Voyeurism
Homophobic Language
Bottom Peter
Top Wade
Bottom Wade
Top Peter
Switching
Venom is asexual
so no tentacle porn sorry folks
Sexually assertive Peter
Daddy Kink
gay vacations
christmas time fluff
matching sweater sweetness
Memes
Spain
World Traveling
Venom watches the cooking channel
also Deadpool does die
but he comes back 'cause he can't die
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Comfort
Peter's got a crussshhh
Temporary Character Death

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Domino/Natasha Romanov

