Work Text:
Charles met Erik on the first day of school. It wasn't the big, towering, prestigious mutant academy that he thought he'd be going to, the one his father used to point out when they drove by when Charles was younger. No, this was the local public school--his father's been dead a year, though it still hurts Charles to think about him, and his new stepfather doesn't hold with spending money to send mutants off to fancy schools. He doesn't hold with mutants at all, usually--he wanted Charles' father's money, though, and to do that, he had to marry Charles' mother, even though she still had two mutant brats to look after."Brats" was the word he said out loud. The word he said in his head was not for polite company.No mutant academy for Charles. No chance to grow up around his peers or hone his abilities. Most of the mutant kids in their town went to those fancy private schools, so the chances of meeting another mutant were slim. It would just be him and baby Raven, alone together in the big house, with his mother who didn't get out of bed some days and a stepfamily that couldn't stand the sight of them.That first morning, he walked into the schoolyard tentatively. Everyone seemed to be running around in groups, playing games that Charles didn't know (but he could know, even though he'd been taught all his life that looking into people's mind without their permission was Forbidden). He spotted another boy off by himself and figured that would be his best chance at coming out of his first day with someone resembling a friend.He marched over to the boy and offered him his hand."Hello! My name is Charles Xavier," he said. "How do you do?"The boy eyed him suspiciously, but shook his hand after a moment."I'm Erik," he said. The words were slightly accented, not the flat American accent that everyone around him had. "Erik Lehnsherr."Charles' telepathy was pulled close up against him. All the children's minds were so loud that he needed to keep his shields up to keep his head quiet. He couldn't help but feel a burst of interest from Erik, though. Cool metallic thoughts and a fission of accent different like me as they shook. He thought he felt, too, the strange glow that meant that Erik was a fellow mutant.He was so focused on not letting those revelations show on his face that he completely missed Cain, who came up behind him and shoved him down onto the grass.Charles had to go to public school because Kurt wouldn't pay for anywhere else. Cain had to go to public school because Kurt couldn't pay anywhere else--he'd been kicked out of everywhere already and he was only eight."Making friends, Charlie?" Cain asked mockingly. To Erik, he said, "I'd watch out if I were you--he's a mutie."Erik's look was sharp enough to cut. He kneeled down and offered Charles his hand, still looking at Cain."That's fine," Erik said. "I am too." He threw out his other hand and Cain lurched backwards, eyes wide."Freaks!" he shouted, and ran off.Charles slowly stood up. His mouth was hanging open, which he knew was ungentlemanly, but he couldn't help it."You did that?" he asked. Erik nodded, looking away and shoving his hands into his pockets. "That's brilliant!" Erik looked back at him. There was a disbelieving smile tugging at his face. "You're a mutant too?" Erik nodded again. "So am I! I'm a telepath! Do you want to be friends?""Is that how it works?" Erik asked. "You can just ask someone to be friends and they are?""I don't know," Charles said, He could feel himself blushing. "I've never...I haven't had any friends before." Maybe Erik didn't want to be his friend. Maybe Erik thought he was a freak too. Lots of other mutants didn't like telepaths."Me either," Erik said. Erik looked just as unsure, so Charles steeled himself and held out his hand again."Then we are," he said firmly. "Friends, I mean. We'll shake on it. Best friends for life."Erik tentatively took his hand. "Best friends for life," he repeated, and they shook, just as the school bell rang.***While Charles can't yet officially verify their vow--they're both still living, after all--it feels true to him, still, all these years later. He's seen social groups come together and break apart as they've traveled through the years, but Erik has been his constant. Their friendship has endured all the ups and downs of growing up and it's only gotten stronger.Too strong, maybe.Erik is Charles' best friend. He loves him more than anyone else in the world, save Raven. He always has and he knows, in his heart, he always will. But while he spent his childhood wrapped in the carefree love of friendship, the past few years have been...different.He knows things he shouldn't--it's inescapable, being a telepath. Technically, telepaths are not supposed to snoop anywhere they don't belong, and maybe some don't, but for Charles it's never been that easy. He doesn't want to see the things he sees, but when people are thinking hard or touching him or when he's sleepy or stressed, things le
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - Historical
First Kiss
Making Out
Pining
Loss of Virginity
First Time
Brother-Sister Relationships
Growing Up
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

