Work Text:
It was just like Steve thought. The world needed Captain America, needed all of them, and he’d known it would welcome them back. Honestly, he’d thought they’d have to spend a while in exile, then a disaster of some kind would happen and the world would be asking for their help. He didn’t expect it to be so easy, or so fast, but he was relieved. Faster was better for all of them. The sooner they got back, the sooner they could go back to normal.When he’d tossed the shield down in that Siberian bunker, he’d been ready to give up the title and the role of Captain America—at least temporarily, until Tony admitted he needed them back—for what he believed in, and for Bucky. But it seemed the world wasn’t ready for him to give up the title.They spent just a week in the Wakandan palace, T’Challa graciously hosting them and promising his protection, before there were announcements that the US was asking them back home. They were understandably wary, of course, but T’Challa confirmed for them that the American leadership was blocking other countries’ attempts to have them arrested or prevent their reentry into the States, and was offering them full pardons for any crimes committed on US soil and protection from the international backlash. The Accords were temporarily on hold as they were reworked, in part to sniff out and resolve any of Ross’s “modifications” that had been meant to control superheroes.It seemed Ross had been kicked out of his position after evidence of some of his illegal activities was suddenly distributed to many of the major government offices. It was anonymous, supposedly, but it was obvious who was behind it, and Steve took it as the first step in an apology from Tony with high hopes for the future. If they were welcomed back, and Tony was willing to offer apologies to each of them—Wanda and Bucky most of all—then maybe they could take steps toward mending these problems. Certain things would never heal, of course, and obviously some things would have to change. Wanda said she didn’t even want to have to look at Stark and staunchly refused to work with him in the field again. Steve thought perhaps she’d soften after a genuine apology from Tony and some time to calm down, but it was true Tony would probably have to be removed from active duty again, assuming he didn’t remove himself. After what had happened, none of them could really trust him in the field. And before the Accords mess, they’d done fine with Tony in the background, providing support, the way it should be. Going back to that was the best bet.Some parts of the plan and the reunion Steve had constructed in his mind fell apart faster than others. Sam had encouraged him to go on the internet to help find out more about whether the pardons and the Accords situation were real, and while he did find supporting evidence, he also found some disappointing things. There were a lot of people online protesting Steve and his team’s return to the United States, not all of them foreigners. There seemed to be plenty of people in the US who fully supported the Accords and felt that Steve and his team shouldn’t be given a free pass just because Ross was now being arrested. It was public knowledge now that there had been a split in the Avengers with Tony on one side and Steve on the other, and a lot of people out there seemed to be supporting Tony, and in doing so, spitting on Steve. Steve hoped that Tony would be agreeable to a public apology of sorts to clear up some of the confusion and stop some of the vitriol online. Of course, there were always crazies out there who would probably hate him no matter what he did, but the rational minded would calm down once their idol admitted that he was in the wrong and was back to working with Steve again.There were plenty of supporters for him too, though. Plenty of people who understood exactly his point, defended superheroes’ right to act how they felt was best rather than being at the beck and call of potentially corrupt governments. Steve glanced through a few of their blog posts and sites and was warmed by their support for him and for American ideals, as a lot of them said.The next part of his imagined future to change was the reunion between Bucky and Tony. Bucky was sure to be wary of Tony after what he’d done to him, of course, but Steve would speak to him, make sure he was comfortable accepting an apology, and would be there to carefully watch over their interactions. He was picturing a shaking of hands, a tentative apology from Tony—because of course Tony didn’t do apologies, not usually, and he had to put up a fight about it—and then an offer to build Bucky a new arm, because the only way Tony really knew how to gain anyone’s trust or forgiveness was to offer them money or tech. But that plan was shot fairly quickly. When they were sure they were going back and began making preparations for the journey home, Bucky approached Steve to tell him that he was going to stay in Wakanda, at leas
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
other team cap members are mentioned/briefly present
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Hurt Tony
Author is Bitter

fandom: 
None
