Work Text:
They're in a youth hostel in Kiev chasing ghosts, and maybe it's the proximity that does it.Bucky has been on edge ever since they got on the train from Paris to Krakow, staring moodily out the window as the early spring horizon passed them by. He sat with one knee pulled up to his chest, tapping out a jerky uneven rhythm against his thigh with the fingers of his left hand. Everything in Steve, everything, wanted to reach out; one look in Sam's direction told him that would be a bad idea, though.'Baby steps,' Sam said. 'Don't push it, man.'So Steve just buried himself in the dog-eared copy of Slaughterhouse-Five he bought in Dublin between connecting flights (he and Sam wondered, once they finally found Bucky holed up in the middle of nowhere in Indiana, how they would get out of the country with a guy whose arsenal included a fuck-off metal arm and at least three knives at any given time; turned out, HYDRA equipped Bucky with more than one trick to keep his own tricks safe from airport security).Sam was right, of course. Between the two of them, Steve runs on adrenaline and dogged stubbornness and faith, on emotion and sheer willpower to make Bucky better; Sam, though, has real experience. He knows what to do, and how to talk to someone who doesn't feel like talking most of the time. He focusses on Bucky the same way he focussed on Steve when they first met and Steve was barely hanging on; he knows exactly what to say to push Bucky closer to reclaiming the humanity that was ripped from him, one step at a time.'He's a wreck,' he told Steve back in the States. 'Don't think he's ever gonna be the guy you remember. Worst PTSD case I've seen in — jesus, ever.'But he didn't say no. He didn't say no to coaxing Bucky into coming with them. He didn't say no when Steve decided to drop everything and go on some ill-advised road trip.He didn't say no, and now they're in Kiev.Sam leaves to get supplies, catch up on some of the news they've missed in the nearest Internet cafe. They take turns doing it, even though Steve can't help the overwhelming — pathetic, really — anxiety each time it's Bucky who leaves. Each time, he comes back. Each time, Steve fights the sinking feeling that it's gonna be the last; that his final memory of Bucky will be the sight of his back and hunched shoulders as he walks away.It isn't. Each and every time, Bucky proves him wrong.He paces, now, tense and jumpy. If this was not now, if they weren't where they are, Steve would think of his mood as trigger-happy, but there is nothing happy behind the pull of the Winter Soldier's trigger — there is nothing full stop, no emotion, and even as he claws his way back to a semblance of humanity Bucky's eyes go completely blank as soon as he gets his hands on a weapon, if only for reassurance — and the joke feels completely flat and wrong.Steve turns up the volume on the ancient, rackety television set and leans back on the bed. There is only one. They can't afford a bigger room, so Sam and Steve share the bed while Bucky takes the cot the hostel staff gave them. Steve watches Bucky prowl around the space of the room like a caged tiger, cataloguing the way he moves. It's different, god, of course it's different. Once upon a time Bucky could walk into any place and own it. He had enough charm and force of personality to draw anyone's eye.Now, he moves with a calculated but effortless sparsity of gesture. He moves like Steve imagines wolves might move, comfortable and steady in his skin and radiating the threat of violence with every breath he takes. He moves like a predator.Ages ago Steve would know precisely what was going on in Bucky's head. Now, he can't read him any more than he can read Cyrillic script. Bucky puts up walls upon walls of twisted barbed wire around himself. He does it automatically, without thinking. Steve wonders if that is just another thing that was carefully manufactured (and he doesn't, in the end, have to wonder; he knows it's the truth).The air in the room feels stale and the television is blaring a Russian hockey game and Bucky stops with his back to Steve, looking out through the window. His shoulders twitch like he's trying to shake away some unseen tension, and he cocks his head to one side, then the other. Steve can hear the soft creak in his neck, and his fingers itch. He fists his hands in the sheets and forces himself to look at the television screen.Bucky asks, 'How d'you know when you want something?'He's a little hoarse. He doesn't talk much these days. When he does, it feels like a victory.Steve swallows. 'It's — I don't know. You just kinda feel it, I guess. Like a pull.''Gravity,' says Bucky, barely audible. He bows his head, bows his shoulders. Steve would give anything to see his expression, even though he probably couldn't read it if he tried.'Yeah, something like that.'He steadfastly refuses to think about Bucky's first question. He refuses to think about the fact that Bucky doesn't know how to tell w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

