Chapter 1



Notes:
Translated into Russian by Rinok!https://ficbook.net/readfic/6909262Thank you!




Chapter Text
  Tony sets his glasses down on the desk, rubbing his eyes, trying to get them to uncross. Finally, he was done preparing his exams, and just in time because he was just about ready to just pass everyone to get it over with. He leans back in his chair, sighing as he massages his shoulder, feeling stiff all over, trying to remember why he still loves his job.  He moves over to the couch, propping his feet up as he flips open his laptop with a small smile. He types in a familiar address and is immediately welcomes with a relaxing sight. He types in a few choice words and is given a page full of preview images to scroll through, each changing every few seconds to update. He recognizes some of the names and he almost clicks on one of them until he sees something that catches his eye.  What was just an image of a smooth, toned chest had updated and the sight had Tony licking his lips- A pretty pink cock in a pair of lacy, white panties. It's a closed show and there's only one spot left to view, so he doesn't hesitate to click the link, not caring what the per-minute price is. It takes a moment for the video to buffer, but by the time he does, the boy's turned around, revealing a tiny bow on the back of the lingerie, hand rubbing his ass through the underwear and Tony is already groaning.  Tony watches as he slips a hand inside, rubbing it over his crack before he bends forward, one hand sliding the panties to the side while the other digs its fingers into his cheek, spreading himself open, exposing his smooth, tight hole. Tony's already got his hand on the front of his pants, rubbing his growing erection with a soft groan.  “Hi, guys!” With the entry to the show locked after Tony's entrance, the boy greets his eager audience as they type away in the comment box on the side. He turns around, running a finger over over the tip of his cock and when it twitches a little, so does Tony's.  Tony stands, dropping his pants and briefs to the floor, wanting to be comfortable by the time the performance gets started for real. He checks the corner of the website as he strokes himself slowly, smiling when he sees the icons that indicate that the boy takes requests and allows for one-on-one shows for a price that Tony thinks is definitely reasonable.  “I see we have a few new people tonight.” The boy steps back from the computer, smiling coyly at the screen as he sits on the edge of the bed and Tony's eyes widen as he slams his computer shut with a loud snap, shoving the computer off of his lap like it's suddenly on fire.Oh fuck.He knows that kid.That kid is one of his students..  A perfectly legal nineteen year old student..Tony runs a hand through his hair as he considers his options. As long as he stays professional at school, Peter will never know he's watching, right? As long as he stays anonymous, it should be okay.. At least that's what he tells himself as he slowly opens the computer again, pressing a button before the show is back on the screen. In the time he'd been gone, Peter had pushed the panties down, exposing his perfect little cock, stroking is softly as he converses with the small group.  “Welcome back, IronMan.. I thought we lost you for a minute.” Peter smiles as he reads the alert that Tony's back and for some reason, he feels like he owes the kid an explanation.IronMan: Sorry, computer glitch.  Peter simple smiles, biting his lip a little and Tony's hand is back on his dick with only a tiny pang of guilt as he shivers.  “So, what do you want to see tonight?” Peter played with himself as the chat went wild with everything from a simple jerk off request to incredibly explicit things that they wanted to do to him. It's not a large group, only ten people, and most of the men are clearly regulars, referring to things that they like that he's done in the past with their requests.  Tony wants to see all of it, so he doesn't say anything until Peter calls him out.  “You're awfully quiet, IronMan..” He licks his lips. “What do you want?”  Maybe it's because he's new and Peter wants to make sure he stays interested, or maybe the universe is just torturing him. Either way, he finds himself typing without even realizing.  IronMan: I want to see you finger yourself open.  When Peter grins and turns around, he starts to push the panties down, but Tony types again.  IronMan: Keep the panties on.  “Yes, sir.” Peter smiles wider as he tugs them back up into place as he bends forward, resting his shoulders on the bed, ass on display and fuck, it goes right to his dick when Peter calls him 'sir'.Peter reaches up from between his legs, fingers slipping under the lace to massage the outside of his hole. “Is this how you like it?” He teases as the tip of his finger starts to slide inside, the view only barely obstructed by the sheer fabric.IronMan: Yes.  The boy keeps pushing forward and he lets out a soft moan a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Universe - College/University
Tony is a Professor
Peter is His Student
Peter is a CamBoy
Panties
Daddy Kink
Voyeurism
Spanking
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

