Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony is three days into a work binge; he’s slept, sure an hour on the worktop passed out totally counts; this time he’s eaten too. Pepper had dropped things by the lab yesterday, and he’s still got three-quarters of a cheese sandwich left in the tiny under-the-counter fridge. He’s not even consumed a drop of alcohol either, which he is quite proud of. He knows that there are at least four days left of this thing he has going, four days before he has his next board meeting where the thing he’s working on will go on display. He’ll have to argue with the board again, make them see that giving up the weapons was a good move, it’ll take some convincing, but he’s pretty sure the thing will work. Eight fried wires later, and a slightly singed off eyebrow, and he’s slamming his head into the surface; his fingers are itching towards the bottle of whiskey that’s sitting on the counter opposite him. The smell of burning hair is going to linger in the room for quite some time, and honestly Tony does not want to deal with it, but the generator comes to life beneath his hands, and everything seems worth it. It takes everything in his willpower to not go running about the tower letting the whole team know how god damn good he is. Though, he’d promised to let them all sleep after they had got back from a particularly nasty mission (which he’d not be needed for) so he decided to let them sleep. “J, run those numbers through to rnd,” Tony looks up at the ceiling, “and bring up the specs, please.”“Certainly, sir,” JARVIS responds, as Tony goes back to staring at his newest success.“Fuck weapons, this is much more better,” Tony stops himself, trying to make sense of the words that are coming out of his mouth. “Coffee, I need coffee.”“Sir, I would advise against that, your caffeine intake has reached almost dangerous levels,” JARVIS says if Tony didn't know that the AI had no emotions he’d almost think he could hear worry coming from the robot. “Oh, I know you love me, J but I am starting to hear colour, and that means I need a coffee,” Tony smiles, “Dum-e if you do not put down that coffee pot I will donate you to community college, don’t even try it.” Tony takes the pot from the errant bot and sets it down on the counter. “Its like herding cats around here, J, start the machine in the common room. Also what time is it?” “It is seven o’clock in the morning, sir,” JARVIS replies with just a hint of humour discernible. “And the date, J?” Tony asks because he isn’t entirely sure, he remembers heading down to the lab on a Monday. “It is Wednesday, the 16th of April. And the year is 2014,” JARVIS says. “Right, that means Cap’ll be up, good, okay,” Tony nods absently and starts to head towards the common room. “I should probably let someone know I’m alive,” Tony mutters before walking down the corridor. The common floor living room is empty; Tony knew it would be, most of the time the team doesn't start getting up and ready for the day until later in the morning. Steve would be in the kitchen, reading the paper and eating after his run; if Tony was lucky, there would be spare food for him to steal. Gold rays of the rising sun stream in through the floor to ceiling windows coating the room in a soft, warm light. It is spring in New York and the world is just about waking up from the winter. This is the kind of weather Tony loves, the kind of weather he loved in California, not cold enough for things to be grey and miserable and not warm enough for there to be too many bugs. He smiles as he moves into the kitchen, and sees Steve sitting there, spoon in one hand and paper in the other. There’s a light sheen to him, not enough to be called sweat but something; Steve must have run further than he normally does. The paper is half finished meaning that Steve has been in the kitchen a while. Bacon is sizzling in the pan though, despite the fact that there’s already a half-finished bacon sandwich sitting beside Steve. “JARVIS told me you were surfacing,” Steve smiles by way of explanation, “I though you’d want something more than what you’ve got down there in the lab. Thought I’d make a little extra anyway if the others came up early.”“Good well, I have a board meeting in four days, so, I’m just going to head back to the lab. Thanks for the bacon, Cap,” Tony takes the bacon out the pan and starts shoving it unceremoniously on a plate before moving to run down to the lab.  “Oh no you don’t,” Steve stands in front of the door, blocking Tony’s exit. “You’re going to sit at the breakfast bar, drink some juice and eat a proper breakfast.” “I am a functioning adult, Steve; I can take care of myself,” Tony grimaces and tried to dodge around Steve to get back to the safety of his lab. “That is the biggest pile of shit I have ever heard,” Clint laughs as he sits at the breakfast bar, stealing some of Steve’s toast. “You are barely even an adult, let alone a functioning one. Thanks for breakfast, Stevie.” 

“You know I left 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Peter is Tony's Biological Son
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Light Angst
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
First Time
First Kiss
Getting Together
Friends to Lovers
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Tony Stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

