Work Text:
                Jason’s too old to steal tires. It’s beneath him. Anyway, he peaked back when he was fourteen. It’s hard to top stealing the tires off the Batmobile. But someone has imposed street parking on a fucking McLaren F1 road car, and Jason feels obligated to defend the car’s honor.
                The thing can hit 62 mph in 3.2 seconds, tops out at over 240 mph, is one of only 65 or so like it in the world, and it’s parked, all alone, unwatched, unprotected, half a block away from a line of clubs where pretty idiots mix glitter-infused bodily fluids all night. Someone’s going to be covering the thing in sparkly piss by 2am, guaranteed.
                “Don’t worry,” Jason tells it, passing a reverent hand over its sharply-sloping hood. “I’m here to rescue you.”
                The bitch of the thing is, whoever owns it must care at least a little, because they’ve set it up with a security system that delivers one hell of a shock when Jason tries to pick his way into the car. He could bash the windows open and take a more direct approach, but he’s here to avenge the thing, not destroy it. The older he gets, the more he can appreciate how the two are different.
                So he can’t steal the thing, at least not with the tools in his bike, but he can do his best to impress upon its owner the dangers of leaving beautiful things in bad parts of town. Maybe by taking the tires, the idiot who owns the car will learn to at least park it in some kind of garage.
                Street parking, Jason thinks. He pats the car consolingly on the roof and then goes back to his bike for his tools.
 
 
 
                He’s taken one tire off and is halfway through removing the second when he hears someone clearing their throat pointedly. “Yeah,” he says, “keep walking.”
                “I’m done walking,” a man says. “This is my destination. That’s my car. Put the tire back.”
                Jason peers under the car, where he can see a pair of fussy shoes pointed his direction. He frowns and then straightens up so he can stare over the top of the car at the man who left this beautiful car next to a curb stained with dozens of years of post-party vomit.
                Pretty idiot, he thinks, taking in the dark hair and dark eyes and the neat, clean lines of his face. Probably twenty-one, but maybe not. Jason’s eyes narrow on what is absolutely a smear of pink glitter running from his lips to halfway up his cheek, like someone kissed him and he tried to wipe it off.
                Exchanging glitter-infused bodily fluids. He fucking knew it.
                “Nope,” Jason says, ducking back down by the tire. “I’m taking all four of them. You can have the car back when I’m done.”
                “Are you fucking kidding me?” His words are slurred, but not as badly as Jason would expect, given that it’s nearly 1am and the idiot looks like he’s having some trouble standing up straight. “It’s my car.”
                “You park it on these streets,” Jason says, “and it is everyone’s car. Find a fucking garage, asshole. Take a cab. Don’t tell me you can’t afford it.”
                “I’m blacklisted by a lot of cab companies,” he says, like that’s any kind of explanation.
                “So lie about your name, for fuck’s sake,” Jason says, exasperated. “Christ, like you’ve never been banned from a bar before? Recycle one of your old fake IDs. You’ve had one since you were, what? Fourteen?”
                “Okay,” the man says, “a little on the nose. Are you with the press? Is this a setup? Are you following me?”
                Jason straightens back up just so the idiot can get the full effect of his incredulous sneer. “No,” he says, “I am not following you. Why the fuck would I waste my time on some idiot who can’t fucking navigate his way to a parking garage?”
                The man rocks forward on his toes, eyes narrowing, and Jason thinks that’s a pretty bold move, given how he wobbly he was a few seconds ago.
                “You don’t recognize me,” he says, after a long moment. It’s probably supposed to be a question, but either he can’t coordinate that kind of inflection or he’s just too taken aback to manage it.
                Jason squints at him. He does look vaguely familiar, now that he takes a second look. “You some kind of actor?” He tries.
                “I—what?” He blinks bloodshot eyes at him. “I feel that way sometimes, I guess.”
                Jason nods slowly. “Like, a porn actor?”
                “Go to hell,” he says, with a reflexive prissiness that Jason finds a little charming. He falters the second after that, though, tipping his head to the side. “Although,” he says, “although, technically--”
                “If you gotta argue technicalities about your porn career,” Jason says, “then you absolutely have one.”
                The man shakes his head, looking about half as offended as he should be. “I never got paid.”
                Jason rolls his eyes. “That ju
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Jason Todd

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Bodyguard
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Alternate Timelines
Crossover
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Idiots in Love
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Jason Todd

