Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was half past five and the stack of paperwork sitting in front of Tony Stark had lost all meaning a long time ago. He propped his head up with one hand and idly drew a little Iron Man figure on a piece of scrap paper. The drawing wasn't half bad if he said so himself, but it looked lonely there on the page. So he added a Captain America figure, big and bulging with muscles, and then a tiny Hawkeye between Captain America and Iron Man, holding both their hands. Hawkeye was wearing his favorite purple uniform and smiling so big that it practically carved his head in two."Cute," Pepper said, leaning over his shoulder. Her breath washed across the back of Tony's neck and he shivered a little as she added, "But I hardly think that Clint is really so short. He's about the same height as you.""All lies," Tony said absently, scratching out a star shape on Captain America's chest. There was a reason that Tony favored heels whenever he could get away with it and secret lifts when he couldn't; an inch or two could make all the difference in the world, and he often envied Pepper for the four- and five-inch stiletto heels she strutted around in. He had a private fantasy of being eye-to-eye with Steve outside of the suit."I never lie," Pepper said demurely, which was a lie in and of itself, and Tony snorted to let her know. She just smiled, leaning back in her chair and stretching. Though it wasn't even six yet, and thus still an early night by all accounts, she looked tired - to Tony, anyway. To the untrained eye, Pepper looked just as perfect and put-together as she had when she'd stalked into the office at seven that morning. Her hair was still up in a tight bun, her make-up was stunning, and her clothing hung as though she'd just ironed it.Conversely, Tony felt and, he was sure, looked like a wreck. He was used to late nights, but there was a big difference between a night that was spent in his workshop and a night that was spent sitting beside the bed of his - well, of Clint. Even though Clint hadn't seen Coulson in weeks, he was still having a lot of nightmares. Last night he'd woken up screeching about Loki and blue light. Tony had been forced to keep the arc reactor covered with his housecoat, less the blue light it gave off scare Clint even more. It stung to know that his presence could hurt Clint just as much, maybe even moreso, than it could comfort Clint."Tony," she said, and Tony glanced up at her. "I think we should call it a night.""What? But Pep, we still have the Anglar contract to go through," Tony protested. He shuffled the papers, disregarding his drawing in favor of laying his hands on the contract. It was a dense, poorly worded, fifty-page sack of crap as far as Tony was concerned, but a few of the Anglar engineers did seem to have a good head on their shoulders. Even if they ended up not accepting the contract, Tony might have to do look into some poaching."It can wait," Pepper announced. "I'm tired. You're tired and distracted. Clint or Steve?""Clint," Tony admitted, deflating, since there was no point in trying to hide it. Would there ever be a day when Pepper couldn't see straight through him?Pepper winced and patted his shoulder. "Babies are hard," she said kindly. "And Clint's had it rougher than most. You're good for him.""Maybe," Tony said. He couldn't help thinking of how he and Steve had burst into Clint's nursery that morning. Clint had jerked awake and screamed even louder when he registered the light of the arc reactor. Just remembering it made Tony's skin crawl. He never wanted to see anyone cringe away from him and cry like that at his approach, but especially not someone who was pretty much his kid right now. Thank god for Steve, who'd been only a step behind Tony. He'd taken in the situation and understood immediately and reacted, walking quickly over to Clint and picking Clint up. Then, while Clint's head was buried in Steve's shoulder, Steve had motioned at Tony to close his housecoat. Tony had, jerkily tying it shut just a little too tight, before moving forward to do some awkward comforting of his own. It hadn't worked, not really, and the three of them had ended up watching infomercials for the rest of the night until Tony had to leave for work."You are," Pepper said gently, but firmly. "And I think it's time that you went home to him. We can pick this up tomorrow." She stood and reached up to grab the pins that held her hair in place. Her long red hair fell across her shoulders in shining waves and she sighed, rubbing briefly at the back of her head before she ran her fingers through her hair."You're letting your hair down. Plans?" Tony asked."Never you mind," Pepper said, which was as good as a yes.Tony grinned at her and she smiled back. They never would have worked out together, but he really did hope that Pepper found someone. He would be lost without her, and she deserved happiness. He said, "Okay, you win. You're right, as always. I'm beat. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Age Play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
little clint
Daddy Steve
Daddy Tony
past daddy coulson
Panic Attacks
PTSD
Post-Avengers (2012)
ignores anything after the first avengers movie
AoU never happened
Civil War DEFINITELY never happened
Rating subject to change
any steamy scenes will be between tony and steve
and have nothing to do with clint
Domestic Avengers
Team as Family
mama tony
Feminization
Genderfluid Character
never written a genderfluid character before
but I am trying my hand at it
Genderfluid Tony Stark
women's clothing
thumb sucking
Pacifiers
pull-ups
Nightmares
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Insecure Tony Stark
Protective Steve Rogers
spoiled clint barton
Carrying
Fluff
Established Relationship
Nicknames
explorations of traditional roles
and what they mean in today's world
Protective Tony Stark
sippy cups
stuffed animals
Fluff and Angst
Happy Ending
New Relationship
discussions
Communication
Discussion of kinks
kinks outside the bedroom
the avengers are supportive
the avengers are a good family
and though there will be some angst
ultimately all is well
Light BDSM
Light Bondage
Panties
Tony Stark in panties
it's gonna be a good ride
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
daddy's issues

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Steve Rogers

