Work Text:

Play Pretend
When Piper began going out looking for her Aunt May’s killer she hadn’t thought of all the consequences apparently.She had wanted to bring the man that murdered her Aunt to justice, for herself and for her Uncle Ben, so they could both sleep at night knowing that the evil man was behind bars.That was about the extent of her thought process. She had been angry, so angry at the world for taking May from them, but most of all, Piper had been angry at herself for letting it happen.She had already been bitten by that spider, she had already changed, had already gained her powers. Piper could have stopped the man easily, but she hadn’t, she had been selfish and complacent, and because of the teenager’s choice Aunt May lost her life.  Catching the man had seemed like the only way to ease some of the guilt Piper felt, it would never go away, not fully. It would always sit in Piper’s chest like a thick sludge that stuck to every one of her breaths and clogged her throat, making it hard to breathe. But it was the only thing she could think to do.The problem was -once Piper found the murderer, once she had turned him over to the police- she had figured the urge to sneak out at night would vanish. It didn’t though, if anything Piper’s desire to go out and patrol grew even more, but this time it wasn’t driven by guilt and anger, but by the longing to help people, to save those who couldn’t save themselves. To make sure no one else had to go through what she had.Putting on a mask and beating up baddies was freeing in a way that Piper had never felt. Girls weren’t supposed to walk alone at night, and definitely not when they were petite and very easy to overpower. And here she was, all 106 pounds of her, taking on men more than twice her size, and winning.And again, maybe Piper should have put more thought into where this path could lead her, because really, with her horrible luck she probably should have seen this coming.“People are now calling the masked vigilante of Queens: Spider-Man,” the platinum-blonde News Caster speaks from the small TV sat atop the kitchen island. “Where most are still wary of this Spider-Man individual, many are starting to warm up to the hero,” the woman goes on.Piper chokes on her bite of Lucky Charms, a marshmallow catching in her throat as she whips around to stare wide-eyed at the TV. “Yeah, Spider-Man is awesome,” a dark guy a little older than Piper tells the camera, “he saved my sister and me from some muggers last week.” It switches from the teenager to an older lady. “Oh yes, Spider-Man scooped me up before I could get hit by a racing car,” she says in a thick Hispanic accent, telling the story of only three days ago.Piper had seen the speeding truck before anyone else did, it had been a snap decision to swing down and grab the woman. “I don’t know where I would be if the young man hadn’t been there,” the woman finishes.“It’s nice that we finally have a hero in our neck of the woods,” Uncle Ben speaks up from his seat across the table. Snapping Piper out of her gaping stupor.The fifteen-year-old pries her eyes away from the TV screen. “Y-yeah, yup,” she mumbles, taking a bite of food as she tries to find some coherent words, but it seems her vocabulary has drifted away with her racing thoughts. “Hell’s Kitchen has Daredevil, Manhattan has the Avengers and-and the Fantastic Four, and now Queens has Spider-Mannn.”Piper misses her Uncle’s bemused look as she glances back at the TV screen. They’re displaying a very blurry picture of Piper in her suit (if you can even call it that) it consists of her dark blue skinny jeans, her red knee-high, converse boots, and a thick, red, hoodie that Piper had crudely painted a spider on.Adding on the fact that she wears a red ski-mask and her self-made goggles, it’s pretty hard to see any details of the person underneath it all. Let alone deduce that she is a teenage girl, not a man.But even with all that in mind, it’s still a shock watching these people assume she is another male vigilante. It hasn’t even seemed to have crossed their minds that she might be a ‘she’ and not another ‘he’.The fifteen-year-old isn’t sure how she feels about all of this.  Piper bangs her knee on the underside of the kitchen table as she scurries out of her chair. “I’m gonna be late for school,” she chirps, forcing a smile as she gives Uncle Ben a quick peck on the cheek and runs out of the kitchen. “Love ya, bye.”Piper had apparently been naive to think that school would be a place where she could zone out and not think about that fact that the News and the majority of New York have all collectively decided that she is a grown man.(At this rate she’s gonna develop a freakin’ complex)It’s a side-effect of having enhanced-hearing. Piper can’t seem to hide from the whispers, can’t seem to drown them out or ignore them. The words follow her from classroom to classroom, each one burrowing itself snugly into her brain.All her classmates are jittery and e
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Female Peter Parker
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
but just Peter
there is no plot otherwise
(Piper Parker)
she's still Spider-Man
because the world has dubbed her as such
she just rolls with it
Identity Issues
Canon-Typical Violence
Friendship
This fic spans over a year of time
so a lot of stuff happens

fandom: 
None
