Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The plane began its descent towards Newark Airport and Bucky’s stomach swooped along with it but he paid no mind to the sensation, his attention fixed upon the city below. It had been so long since he’d been back home legally - in fact, he hadn’t set foot on American soil as a free man since he’d left for the war. He’d been there numerous times for Hydra business, and he’d spent a week after the Battle of the Triskellion trying to recover some of the fractured memories of his past, but all those times he either didn't technically exist, or he’d been a wanted man. Now he was coming home, the place he’d not even allowed himself to dream of since the fall. And he had Tony Stark to thank for that.Bucky wasn’t sure how it had all started. He was aware that King T’Challa kept in close contact with Stark, and apparently that had extended to updates about what the Rogue Avengers were doing. It hadn’t been a well kept secret that they had sought sanctuary in Wakanda from time to time or that T’Challa had offered to cryo-freeze Bucky whilst he looked for a cure for his brainwashing. Shuri had let slip when he’d first been woken that their breakthrough had actually come from Stark himself but she’d never explained why the genius would want to help. The last time Bucky had seen him, Stark had discovered that it had been the Winter Soldier that had killed his parents. The ex-assassin still woke from nightmares now, Stark’s broken voice crying out, “He killed my mom! ” echoing in his head. Bucky remembered every life he’d ever been ordered to take over the years (how frustrating that he could recall those but not the colour of his own mother’s eyes), but none of them incited the same amount of guilt as that of Howard and Maria Stark. To know that on some level that Stark had either found forgiveness for Bucky, or could just separate the acts carried out by the Soldier from the man himself, well it blew Bucky’s mind. He himself still didn’t believe he deserved a second chance, but Stark apparently did and he’d gone out of his way to ensure that the kid from Brooklyn got it.The plane taxied to the gate and soon the seatbelt sign was turned off. The two Dora Milaje who had accompanied him at the request of T’Challa stood from their business class seats, and immediately the space around them in the aisle cleared. They had been nothing but polite to the cabin crew and respectful towards the other passengers, and yet those near them stayed firmly planted in their seats, eyeing the warrior women warily. Zoya, the younger of the two couldn’t help but roll her eyes and she said in Wakandan, “I feel like we’re the main exhibits at the circus. ”Asha shrugged. “Let them ogle us. If it keeps their fat arses in their seats and allows us to get off this accursed plane sooner, all the better. ”Bucky chuckled to himself, catching Zoya’s eye and winking. “It won’t be long and you’ll be able to stretch those stupidly long legs of yours. ”“Careful, or I’ll kick you into next week, white boy, ” she joked.“I’ll miss sparing with you, ” he told her. “Physically or verbally? ”“Why can’t it be both? ” he replied.Zoya grinned. “I do hope that you’ll find yourself a friend who can keep up with your wit.” Bucky placed his hand over his heart. “No one could ever replace you, Zee. ”The plane door opened and the trio made their way to the front, the flurry of activity that followed their departure not escaping any of their notice. They collected their luggage and walked towards security and were soon met by staff who ushered them through to a private room. Bucky was glad, knowing the ruckus his metal arm made whenever he passed through security screenings. He wasn’t sure if he had King T’Challa or Tony Stark to thank for that so he just added it to the long mental list of things he had to be grateful for for both of them. Once they were cleared, the small party made their way to the exit and found a tall, slender redhead waiting for them.“Sergeant Barnes,” she greeted him, holding out a hand. “I’m Virginia Potts, it’s lovely to meet you.”He took her hand and nodded in greeting. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, ma’am. Please, call me Bucky. It’s been a long time since I was a sergeant.”She smiled warmly at him. “Then please call me Pepper.” She then turned to Bucky’s companions. “You must be Zoya and Asha, welcome to New York.”Asha inclined her head but didn't smile, her eyes constantly scanning the area around them for threats.If Pepper was taken aback by the behaviour, she didn't show it. Considering the amount of time she spent around superheroes, Bucky was sure that she was probably used to it. “Will you ladies be accompanying us back to Stark Tower? There are rooms awaiting your use if you’d like to have a warm shower and get some rest.” She eyed the bare arms of the warriors, a stark contrast to her own layers of warm clothing.“We thank you for the offer,” Zoya told her, her accent thick, “but we have other business for Ki
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Pining
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Civil War Team Iron Man
Redemption
Fluff and Smut
Age Difference
Not Cap Friendly
Relatively well adjusted Bucky
A little bit of angst
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark

