Chapter 1: Resigned
    




Chapter Text

Sept 2016, Avengers Tower...
 There was never any chance that Tony was going to be, in any way, typical. He wasn’t allowed. He was Anthony Edward Stark.  Exceptional, by other people’s standards, was the requisite imposed by his parents. Never allowed to give less than his best, even if, as he’d been told, his very best wasn’t even minimally sufficient. Even before he’d presented, he’d always had something to prove: first to his dad, then to the world, and then to himself. His whole life he’d been pushed into doing better, being better, striving to overcome any and all obstacles that stood in his way (his age, dynamic, too smart too quick, too much, not smart enough, never good enough…), by himself, and he’d gone from being a seemingly self-centered narcissistic maniac to a repentant self-loathing wreck. Sugar coating not needed. The real problem though, see, was that it was never enough and, fuck it all, he was tired.He’d thought things had been bad after Sokovia and Ultron. The team hadn’t ever been the same after that. And, in the end, he’d pushed people away, standing on his own two feet, done everything on his own, been independent, looking for approval and affection while doing his damnedest not to be seen looking. Kept his distance in an effort to keep the people he cared for safe and himself from being hurt. Because every time he deviated from that, the guilt and regret just piled up more.  Heartache was inevitable whenever he let down his guard, whenever he let people get close. Proximity, physical or emotional, lead to broken bodies, broken hearts or both.He wanted a buffer - a wall, a shield, some armor - between them, because (as everybody knew) he wasn’t a good influence. Hazard warnings and hazmat suits needed. Everything he touched got tainted and, though he knew there were times that it wasn’t entirely his fault, that events turned to shit no matter how he much tried to turn it around, his being the common factor in it all couldn’t be a coincidence. Forget privatizing world peace, he couldn’t even keep himself safe.Right now, there was as much space between himself and those he cared about as he could create. The team, what was left of it, was now based miles away, making both them and the city safer. Pepper, who he’d tried, in the beginning, to keep close, held too tightly and not tightly enough, had chosen to put more than one country between them, concentrating only on the business.He’d even tried to mitigate the newest chink in his armor - making Happy the kid’s point person kept them both busy and out of the way.  By only helping the young hero remotely, through a suit when absolutely needed, with Friday piloting more often than not, he was keeping things as hands-off as possible.He was meant to be alone. His track record was more than enough proof for that theorem.  It was just that, no matter how much he fought against his instincts, he wasn’t built for it. He hadn’t meant it to turn out this way, but he couldn’t be less than he’d made himself to be.  Faulty programming.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Angst with a Happy Ending
hopefully
Alpha Peter Parker
Omega Tony Stark
Slow Build
like glacial
Like-this is turning into a angsty romance novel-
The Author Regrets Nothing
Tony Stark Has Issues
Developing Relationship
Protective Peter Parker
Age Difference
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Non-Linear Narrative
No Smut
Not Beta Read

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

