Work Text:
Peter should’ve known something was up when Mr. Stark—Tony—wasn’t already in the lab tinkering when he got there. He tossed his backpack on the couch in the corner and started absently tinkering with one of his web shooters, but gave up after only a few minutes. He knew the man was busy—he was a billionaire businessman for crying out loud! But he’d never been late like this before. If he was held up in a meeting or something, he always left a message with FRIDAY. If it was because he was out as Iron Man, Happy would’ve known and told him to chill in the living areas of the compound. Something was definitely up.
Peter frowned, “Hey, FRIDAY? Where’s Mr. Stark?”“Boss is currently in the communal living area,” the AI responded. Peter’s frown only deepened. If he didn’t know better, he’d think FRIDAY was tense or angry about something. But she only got upset if something was wrong with Mr. Stark. Which, why was he in the communal living area anyway? He pulled out his phone to double check that he hadn’t forgotten something—like maybe Mr. Stark had cancelled or rescheduled for some reason?He didn’t even bother with his usual thanks to the AI before leaving the lab and walking purposefully to where FRIDAY had said Tony was.  His forehead creased in confusion as he heard voices—not Vision or Colonel Rhodes—but other voices. Was someone in the compound? Why were they in the living space instead of in a conference room if this was a meeting? Still trying to work out what was going on, eyes on his phone—definitely a reminder in his phone about today—Peter spoke without looking up, “Hey, Mr. Stark. Sorry. Thought we were meeting in the lab. I have some ideas for—.” He stopped abruptly as he lifted his eyes and saw who was there.Tony stood, his back to the counter and appliances, facing a group of people Peter would’ve recognized anywhere. The Ex-Avengers. They’d arrayed themselves around and behind Captain America and the dude with the metal arm—the Winter Soldier, Peter corrected internally—like they were getting ready to fight or something. No one looked particularly happy and Peter noticed the subtle way Mr. Stark’s hand was pressed to his thigh, like he was stopping himself from something.“What’s…going on?” Peter asked carefully, moving closer to Tony.“Just getting them settled in. Didn’t realize it was already so late,” Tony responded with faked ease.Peter blinked. Hard. “Settled…in?” he asked.“I’m sorry, who are you?” Clint asked.“Clint,” Steve placated, “Hi, I’m Steve Rogers.” He held out his hand with the trademark Captain America smile.Peter looked at his hand then met his eyes, knowing his expression wasn’t friendly or polite, “I know who you are, all of you. What I don’t know is why you’re here.”“This is the Avengers compound,” Wanda spoke as if he were stupid, “We’re Avengers.”Peter’s mouth dropped open, “What, seriously?” he looked over at Tony, “Like, seriously? What the hell, man?”“Language!” Steve reprimanded sternly as Tony sighed deeply.“Yes. Seriously,” he shot a glare at Rogers, “Knock it off, Rogers.”“Look, kid, there’s a lot going on that you don’t know,” Sam tried to reason.“Don’t. Don’t even try that bullshit! Don’t talk to me like I’m a stupid kid, ignorant, or worse, someone you know,” Peter spat. He looked at Tony, “What’s going on?”“Presidential Pardons and probation,” Tony answered simply.“But why are they here?” Peter stressed, gesturing to the room, the compound.“Look, kid, we have every right to be here,” Clint stated with an arrogant entitlement that stunned Peter, “What we don’t know is who you are or why you’re here.”“He’s here because I want him here,” Tony growled, “Back off, Birdman.”“Tony,” Steve sounded disapproving.“Every right to be here?” Peter repeated, “Every right? Why? What gives you that right?”“Look, kid, this is the Avengers base…” Natasha started, “We’re part of the Avengers, so that’s what gives us the right.”“Besides, he owes us!” Wanda snapped, glaring at Tony.“No. No, no, no. See, it may be called the Avengers compound, but Mr. Stark is the one who owns it. And he owes you? For what? I don’t see you out protecting people and rebuilding places damaged by whatever fighting happened,” Peter responded hotly. Tony tried to grab his shoulder, but Peter shook him off, “The only one in this room I’ve seen do that is Mr. Stark!” He gestured to the man in question who had retreated into pained silence, wanting to stop the teen, but seeming to realize it would be futile.“He killed my parents!” Wanda snapped, “He is the reason we had to run and hide for all this time! He is the reason we were prisoners!”Peter blinked at her for a moment before scoffing, “He killed your parents. Yeah, no. See, I know who you are Maximoff. They call you the Scarlet Witch because you volunteered to be a HYDRA guinea pig. Yeah, your parents died. That sucks, I know—my parents are dead too. But it wasn’t Mr. Stark’s fault rebels in your country decided to bomb civilian populations. Stark 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Peter
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
SALTY AF
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
And Steve Rogers broke it
Not A Fix-It
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Defense Squad
Not Team-Cap friendly
Anti-Team Cap
Team Iron Man
Anti-Steve Rogers
Anti-Wanda - Freeform
Anti-Steve
Anti-Scarlet Witch
Not-Steve Friendly
Not-Wanda Friendly
seriously though
If you like Team Cap you'll hate this fic
Swearing
Steve Rogers is a self-righteous jerk
steve rogers is a bully
Precious Tony Stark
Tony Stark Is A Cinnamon Roll
I am SO SALTY OVER CIVIL WAR STILL
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
This is mostly Peter getting angry at Team Cap
Not Infinity War compliant
Not Beta Read

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

