Work Text:
Loki put his scepter down when he realized it was just Amora who’d broken into his lovely, parkside, illegitimately-rented apartment. He wasn’t really happy to see her – who would be? At best, she was a mediocre ally, and her obsession with Thor was sooo unbelievably tedious, didn’t she know what it was like to be around her? – but he was relieved. He really hadn’t wanted to battle the Avengers whilst in his bunny slippers.Or entertain von Doom.“What do you want, Amora?” he asked, bracing himself to be extremely bored.“To tell you what Thor wants.”What insufferable arrogance, that Amora thought she could possibly have insights into his brother’s desires that Loki did not have already. Or insights about his brother at all. No one knew Thor better than he, and that included this wretched witch. Included Sif. Included the good Doctor Jane Foster. Included every tavern wench in all the Nine.“A never-ending supply of Midgardian snack foods? Be on your way.” It wasn’t a fair assessment of his brother’s character, but no one would ever accuse Loki of being fair, if only because he would defend against their encroachment on his territory as the god of lies if they did.Amora didn’t dignify that with a response. She had a very sour look on her face, and she didn't wear it well.“As you know, Thor has been the object of my attentions for some time.”Of course, he knew. When you’re that obvious about being in love with someone, everyone can see it, especially when you never shut up about the one you’re after.He crossed his arms and waited for her to continue.“But time and time again he’s turned me down! ‘What was I doing wrong,’ I wondered, in agony.”“Could it be that you are vile and villainous and he wants nothing to do with you?” Was she actually going to say anything new or interesting? Both might be too much to hope for. He’d do partial credit.“No, of course not,” she said.“No, of course not,” Loki agreed.“So, in a fit of desperation, I finally turned to plan ᛉ: a spell to change my form into that of the person who Thor desires most in the whole universe. Someone Thor finds irresistible. Someone Thor loves. Someone Thor would never turn down, should they proposition him, so I might at least have him for one night.”Totally in character and, morally speaking, very, very dubious (not that Loki could say with honesty that he cared, but it was nice to pretend he could lord superiority over Amora in one more area still, since it was so much fun to be her better in mind and talent. They were solidly tied for nicest ass.)“After it was done, I took a look in the mirror, and do you know what happened?”A better question was “do you care what happened?” and he was sure she would tell him, anyway, but the answer to both was the same. “No.”“My mirror cracked, because it had never before had anything as ugly as you in it!”
WHAT?
-Amora hadn’t just come to give him a tip, of course. She’d come to fight, perhaps hoping she would be next in line for Thor’s attentions if the object of incestuous fixation was purged.Poor dear, always blaming her problems on someone else, always thinking all her solutions lied with besting a tormentor she’d appointed. Talk about external locus of control.It was sad, really.Loki made quick work of her, wrapped her up in a bow and dropped her on the All-father’s doorstep and then got to cleaning up his battered apartment.-After he recovered from the initial shock of learning Thor was in love with him (didn’t just “come home, brother,” “let me help you, brother,” love him but desired him as well, probably wanted to throw him down in the middle of battle and ravish him, wanted to take him hard and fast on hands and knees— Loki stopped thinking about it and got a glass of ice water, because it was making him a little sweaty) he decided the only thing for it would be to seduce him.There were a number of reasons this was a good, reasonable, practical – just pragmatic, really – plan: regular proximity would afford him a closer strike point, next time he needed one; the intimacy might inspire Thor to spill valuable Avengers’ secrets that could be very useful to Loki; it might earn him Thor’s lenience (it was already no challenge to escape Avengers’ custody, but it wouldn’t hurt if Thor went even easier on him. Maybe Thor wouldn’t rearrange Loki’s face so severely next time they tussled if he thought it would hurt his chances of rearranging Loki’s guts later).He could brag about succeeding where Amora continued to fail.It would be a wonderful trick on Thor, too. His dear, trusting brother would be so pleased to get his heart’s desire, so earnest, not knowing Loki would be snickering internally the whole time, mocking all the loving words Thor would not doubt lavish him with. Thor would think he was finally gaining ground in Loki’s rehabilitation, and would say all kinds of embarrassing things with total sincerity, and Loki would get to hear them all, privately thrilling in them.Yes, that would really sh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Seduction
Oblivious Loki (Marvel)
Drama Queen Loki
Size Kink
Crying After Sex
Sibling Incest

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

