Chapter 1: Breathe, then Repeat
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter exhales and his body turns to dust. Peter takes a step back.He glances at the gleaming new suit displayed only meters from his fingertips. “Thank you, Mr Stark but I’m,” he takes a breath, “I’m good”“You’re good? How are you good?” Mr Stark actually stumbles over his words for a second but Peter barely notices.He takes a breath.“I – I mean I’d rather just stay on the ground for a little while; friendly neighbourhood Spiderman. Someone’s gotta look out for the little guy, right?”That’s what Mr Stark told him to be, and maybe he’s finally coming to terms with the idea; focusing on the smaller problems, letting others take care of the bigger ones, at least for now…“You turning me down? You better think about this. Look at that, look at me.” Peter glances at the suit, and it’s tempting, it’s so, so tempting to accept because that suit looks freaking awesome.“Last chance, yes or no?”Peter takes a breath.“No.”Peter takes a breath and steps back.Then his vision goes black. He comes to on the ground, pain tearing through every cell, every atom in his body still feels the pain of being torn from its neighbour and sent drifting out into space, through the very fingers that clutch desperately to him now.He opens his eyes and Mr Stark is still there, but Titan is gone. There’s a roof over their heads, a hard, polished floor under him, and one Happy Hogan peering over Mr Stark’s shoulder, looking more concerned than he’s ever seen him before.But he barely takes any of that in because Mr Stark is right there; right in front of him saying his name, pressing a hand to his brow in panic and shouting orders at Happy.He can’t describe the sound that comes out of his mouth with any word except desperate when his arms, still dirtied and bruised from fighting on a dusty, dead planet, snap up and coil like irons around Mr Stark’s back.“Kid, stay still,” Mr Stark demands, trying to push him back to the ground but no force in the universe except Thanos himself (and Peter’s chest tightens at the very thought of his name) could pry his face out of Mr Stark’s neck.“You’re alive,” he murmurs into the skin, but it doesn’t feel enough so he repeats it, again and again as tears smear into the cologne scented skin and nicely-pressed collar between them.Mr Stark’s arms come up, wrapping around his back and pulling him in tighter until Peter’s unrepentantly sitting in his lap, on the cold hard floor of the Avenger’s base in upstate New York.“I’m fine, kid. I’m fine,” Mr Stark whispers, soothing but confused, in his ear. “You’re ok too, you’re fine. Just breathe with me, ok? Breathe with me.”Peter takes a breath. He sits, chest to chest with Mr Stark, forehead pressed to his neck, and he breathes.This could be a dream. Maybe he did die, and after death you simply dream of your life until the whole universe crumbles to dust.Or maybe, he remembers flashes of green, this is all real and there’s still time.He freezes, struck by the thought, by the possibility, then he breathes again, sucking in a huge breath and pushing backwards, away from Mr Stark, and stumbling to his feet.He looks to Mr Stark, to Happy, then back to Mr Stark and there must be something in his expression because Mr Stark’s eyes harden and he pushes himself back to this feet quickly, “What is it, kid? What do you need?”Peter doesn’t know where to start, doesn’t know how to explain that he needs everything because otherwise there’ll be (he’ll be) nothing.“I – We –”A door clicks open and a swarm of voices suddenly spill into the room. Peter turns to look, nerves on a knife-edge, only to relax when Ms. Potts appears, taking in the scene with slight bewilderment.“What’s going on? The reporters are getting impatient, Tony.”She glances around the three, frozen men, eyes-widened at the sight of Peter’s face and he realises, distantly, that if his hands are any indication, his face is probably similarly smeared with dust and blood.“What happened, Peter!” she cries, hurrying over to him and he can’t help but instinctively flinch back when she reaches for his face.“Pep, wait, something’s going on,” Mr Stark tells her softly, pulling her back from Peter gently by the arm, “Something’s wrong.”It’s a testament to how unfortunately used to the crazy life they live she’s become that she hesitates for a moment only to give Peter another concerned glance before turning on her heels, “I’ll cancel the press conference.”Her heels click twice on the floor before his brain puts everything together, runs it through equation after equation and arrives at the best result it can.“Wait!”She stops, glancing back with a tight-lipped frown that he can tell is a cover for her fear.She’s right to be scared, Peter thinks bitterly for a moment, she just doesn’t know that yet.“It wasn’t a test, there are reporters through there right now?” he asks, staring directly at her rather than
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Spoilers
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Fix-It
Time Travel Fix-It
protect this boy
Tony and Peter taking care of each other has become my life
but seriously
Don't read if you haven't seen the movie!!
Now a chaptered fic
what is my life
take care of Peter
discussions of mental health
Time Travel
so brace yourself?
there's a lot of ups and downs here
it's a rollercoaster ride

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

