Chapter 1: First Encounters
    


Summary:


As with most bad decisions in his life, Tony’s near obsessive interest in Spider-Man began with a science binge gone wrong.




Notes:
TRIGGER WARNING. Tony hurts himself in this chapter. It's for science, but if that's going to be an issue- when Tony starts talking about science, skip to "So Tony had jumped...", and then you'll be fine.




Chapter Text
Tony crouched on the edge of the rooftop, one gauntleted hand braced against the short brick barrier that would do very little to stop a fall. His helmet was retracted into the suit and he was watching the action below with his own eyes, the soft breeze ruffling his hair. He didn’t want any distractions, and he didn’t need JARVIS’ commentary on technique or strength.He stayed perfectly still, not wanting to be noticed. He didn’t think he would be– if the kid hadn’t spotted Iron Man tailing him the whole evening, he wasn’t going to notice that someone was watching while he attempted to stop a bank robbery.With his helmet off, Tony couldn’t currently see what the low lives were doing, but he had a clear view of Spider-Man’s attempts to pose himself, and Tony found himself grinning as the kid alternated between leaning on the wall and standing straight with his arms crossed over his chest. If Tony hadn’t seen the awkward positioning and if it weren’t for the terrible onesie, it almost might have looked imposing. But as it were, Tony wouldn’t blame the thieves if they—“What are you doing?”Tony nearly jumped out of his skin and spun on the spot, repulsors raised instinctively. It was only thanks to JARVIS’ quick activation of the jets on his back - at least, he assumed it was JARVIS, because he certainly hadn’t done it - that stopped him from toppling over the edge of the roof and splattering on the ground below. Not that the Iron Man suit would splatter– it would be more likely to hit with a clang, and even then only if Tony didn’t manage to catch himself with the repulsors on the way down, but either way it would have been terribly embarrassing.Loki raised an eyebrow, his lips turning up in an amused smirk.“Was that really necessary?” Tony grumbled, rolling his eyes and turning back to face the bank. Spider-Man was still in sight, waving his arms around like he was in the middle of an animate conversation. He seemed to talk even more than Tony did in a fight, and that was saying something. “You should stop using magic to sneak up on people.”“You should be more aware of your surroundings,” Loki retorted. “The question stands.”“I was bored,” Tony said. “I don’t get why Steve wants us in New York—““It’s you that he wants here,” Loki cut in.“He should know by now that we’re a package deal,” Tony replied, and Loki smiled. Arrogant sod. “He should also know that I am not in the mood for dealing with new recruits.”“So why are you chasing after Spider-Man, then?” Loki asked.Tony had a witty reply ready, he really did, but as he leaned in to give it he was interrupted by the bank exploding and some kind of laser slicing through the solid concrete of the building they were perched atop of. Tony hardly had time to react, but Loki grabbed his arm and in moments they were a few streets over, the carnage little more than a trail of smoke in the sky and the soft echo of various alarms.“We need to go back,” Tony said immediately.“There’s nothing—““Don’t,” said Tony, throwing Loki a glare before jumping into the sky and shooting upward.As he rose above the line of buildings he saw that Loki was right– there would be no saving the bank, and the occupant of the sandwich bar that had been obliterated was already on the street and calling for the police, an action that would be unnecessary since Tony could see the flashing red and blue lights only two blocks over. Spider-Man, meanwhile, was swinging down the street, and the thieves were in the wind. With a sigh, Tony headed back down and landed beside where Loki still stood, his expression unimpressed.“Gone,” Tony said as he tucked away the helmet.Loki frowned. “If you are about to admonish me for preventing you from apprehending those criminals—““Nah,” Tony said. “Bank robbers are below my pay grade, anyway– or, well, they usually are. These guys packed a punch. If you hadn’t pulled me away I think that laser might have done some serious damage.”Loki rolled his eyes as if to say well, exactly.“Yeah, yeah, thanks for that,” Tony added, shaking his head fondly.“The weaponry was similar to Chitauri technology,” Loki told him.“What?!” Tony’s gaze snapped to Loki. “How? SI funded the D.O.D.C., made sure that all that stuff was off the streets. I didn’t even want it in SHIELD’s hands, and although they obviously got their greasy paws on some of it—““You think you managed to stop all of it?” Loki asked. “You think that none fell through the cracks?”“I’m not that naive, or that hopeful,” Tony admitted. “I guess I had thought that what the D.O.D.C. missed, SHIELD and HYDRA would have picked up.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Tony will give him one
Adorable Peter Parker
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
(he denies it though)
loki is a little shit
Peter is a Little Shit
Tony is so done with both of them
Protective Tony Stark
Peter's onesie is a monstrosity and Tony will make sure that he knows it

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

