Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James Barnes, the Winter Soldier, has been out of the ice and Hydra’s hands for a month the first time he hears a familiar voice. A month since he fished an unconscious Captain America out of the water, left him on the bank, and vanished into D.C. to figure out exactly what the hell all the fractured scenes in his head were about. Eventually he figured out that they were memories, his memories. A blend of the history of James “Bucky” Barnes, and the actual missions carried out by “The Asset” on behalf of Hydra. 

He might have ended it all right then, except he also remembered running into a pretty slip of a thing at a College. Remembered the kid bouncing off his chest and nearly hitting the ground, but for the fact that The Asset had caught him. Remembered sending him on his way with a gentle nudge, not knowing what to do with the half-whispered compliments about his lips and jawline as the kid had shuffled off. 

It was important, for some reason. So important The Asset hadn’t told his handler he’d been seen... hadn’t told his handler anything, about the pretty slip of a boy with mercurial bronze eyes. 

Not that it matters, it may as well have been a lifetime ago. Could have been more, in fact, since The Asset had little notion of what year it was when the meeting occurred. He rarely needed to know such things, and he certainly didn’t get to keep that knowledge once the mission was carried out and the report given. 

It was wiped away, like everything else he had ever seen and done. Only, not as well as they hoped, or so it seems. Now he’s on the loose with a skull full of half-remembered events, places, people and dates. There’s no frame of reference for it, no safe way to view a timeline of his activity. If he goes in, they’ll capture him, wipe him and start over. If he stays here, at least he has choices, at least he has memories. 

At least he has the sun on his face, and the memory of bronze eyes. 

But walking out of the museum exhibit for Captain America, he goes stone still at the sound of polished tones addressing a crowd. A voice that he knows, but doesn’t know. He turns slowly, hunting for the sound by eliminating quadrants of space around him. Not someone on their phone, not someone present in person. There. On a nearby television there’s a press conference, featuring about two-dozen blood-thirsty reporters practically climbing over each other as they fight to get in the first word. 

A gorgeous man in an expensive suit stands behind the podium, looking disinterested and slightly impatient in the barrage of camera flashes and shouted-commentary. The light seems to reflect off his tinted sunglasses, a shade off royal blue to match the tie and shirt he’s wearing with his dark indigo-blue suit. His pocket square is a riot of color James doesn’t know what to do with, but damn if the pinstripe suit doesn’t look sharp on him. 

"Kids quiet down.” He scolds with a smooth smile, but there’s a hint of a bite to his tone. “If you can’t be quiet, you can’t hear me… and if you’re not listening to me, what are any of us doing here?”

A fragment of memory, of sleep-fogged coffee colored eyes that go copper-shot bronze in the sun.  ‘Are you a student? Because you don’t look like a student and you don’t look like a teacher. But if you’re not a student and you’re not a teacher, what are you doing here? Ugh what are any of us doing here? Do you know the nearest place to get coffee? Never mind, you didn’t even know this was a school, why would you know where to get coffee. At ease, handsome, and put those pouty lips away. I’m sleep deprived and coffee deprived and you look delicious. That jawline could literally kill someone. Wow I need coffee. I’m gonna go, maybe I’ll see you around after I’ve caffeinated and we can try this whole thing again, okay? Okay. Bye beautiful.’
That pretty, rambling student from James’s memory is all grown up and leading a pack of reporters through a three ring circus routine like he’s been doing it his whole life. James steps closer to the television, blinking as the name scrolls by. 

Tony Stark Announces Maria Stark Foundation Relief Efforts; Offers Support for Recently Disbanded S.H.I.E.L.D.
The kid was Tony Stark. 

“Well…” James sighs. “That certainly makes things more difficult.” 

On the bright side, he knows where his Soulmate is, now.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Protective Bucky Barnes
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Tony Stark-centric
Bucky Barnes-centric
Minor Injuries
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Avengers Critical
They Get Their Act Together Though
Stark Industries
Flirting
slowburn
Minor Original Character(s)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

