Chapter 1: tony, meet strange
    




Chapter Text
On one hand, it’s good to be back with old friends. On the other hand, Tony absolutely loathes the way that old friends tend to just open up old wounds, and for once in his life, can’t anyone just fucking get on with things and let him live? Oh, and nearly being killed by two aliens today—one who looks like a Squidward-abomination of all things, isn’t doing wonders for his well-being right now.“Pick up the goddamn phone, Tony,” Bruce is practically yelling in his ear at this point. His arms are raised as if he’s about to grab Tony’s head, which, if he suddenly turns green now, wouldn’t be a good thing. “Why do I have to do it,” Tony snaps back. “You call him, tell him about your space adventures, set the mood, and then slowly ease him into the whole universal peril thing.” He throws the phone back to Bruce, who only barely manages to catch it in his hands.“What, no, from what I’ve heard I think you two need to build bridges,” Bruce firmly shoves it back into Tony’s chest and turns around. He hasn’t seen Bruce in a while now, but he still does that same thing, where he’s half pleading, half throwing a fit, and Tony doesn’t have the patience for any of that right now.“It’s not my responsibility to build bridges if people keep burning them down—and that includes you, by the way,” Tony adds as Bruce disappears out the door. At least that’s over with.“Just keep projecting your guilt on to me, it’s fine,” Tony calls out.It’s only then that Tony remembers that Strange is still in there, staring at him in a way that seems to be urging him to do the thing. He can’t tell whether he’s been meaning to interrupt them this entire time or if he’s just been patiently waiting to see how this plays out.      “You wouldn’t happen to want to make a phone call to a fossil, wouldn’t you?” Tony asks, just for good measure.Strange just shakes his head, “Hard pass. I’d rather focus on the matter at hand, but if you really need to get the word out then I’d be happy to just send him a text. Or an email, if he’s that type of guy.”Huh. Finally, someone pragmatic, Tony thinks to himself. Having just met Strange an hour ago, and after the initial reaction of—magic—he isn’t sure how to read him yet. There’s a level of self-assurance in him that Tony doesn’t see often, especially in their fractured, shambolic mess of a team they used to call the Avengers. “I’d say Steve’s a bit of a traditionalist, you know, letters and pigeons are more his speed,” Tony folds his arms in, pacing towards Strange in an attempt to test the waters a little. “I don’t do party tricks,” Strange replies, without a hint of a smirk or anything that Tony can read into.“Great, so we’re on the same page. Why waste time chasing up someone who isn’t here,” Tony says. “You know, I’d rather know more about you. So far on the resume there’s: keeper of an infinity stone, which, you know how I feel about that, a former neurosurgeon—”“Mr. Stark, time is a resource that we don’t have much of now, and I think that fight outside was enough of an ice-breaker for the both of us.”He turns away from Tony and walks up the stairs of the Sanctum, pulling his cloak off from his back. He tells Tony there’s a library in a room to the left, and a coffee machine if he needs it, but he also insists that he needs to be alone to think and work without any distractions and Tony’s heard all of these words before coming out of his own mouth.Tony’s usually not the type to chase after people, so he’s not going to start doing that now with Strange, he’s just not. - Tony wakes up to blazing hot light coming in from the window, the smell of mahogany on his nose, pressed right into the desk he fell asleep on hours ago. He lifts his head up and looks at his surroundings—shit, he’s still in Strange’s library. He spent all night doing his research not on Thanos, because there isn’t exactly a wealth of information out there on him, but rather on the new sorcerer supreme. Looking at his biography, it’s a little unsettling how similar their paths have been and yet they’ve never crossed until now.“You know if I had known you actually stayed I would’ve gotten us takeout last night,” Strange says, voice rumbling behind him.Tony’s kind of thrown off by this; it’s like waking up in someone’s bed and not leaving when you were meant to. But he keeps his cool, turns around while resting an elbow on the chair as to hide any signs of discomfort.He notices that Strange is out of costume now, just long cotton trousers and a plain white t-shirt, scraggly hair hanging over his forehead. He even has a mug of steaming hot coffee in his hand; the smell of it has Tony’s neurons firing up already.“Yeah, well, you’re not used to guests, I understand,” Tony quips. “Nothing wrong with that. I built a tower for my friends but that didn’t work out so well.”Suddenly, there’s a look of a genuine upset on Strange’s face. He extends his arm to pass the coffee over to Tony. “I would tell
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Infinity War
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
IronStrange
Past Relationship(s)
Weddings
Magic
Fate
Fluff and Angst
Canon Rewrite
Time Loop
Time Travel
Marriage
Marriage Proposal
Fanmix

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

