Work Text:

He hadn't been thrilled when he found out that May had begun dating someone and not because he didn't want her with someone! He really did want her to be happy, but to him, Ben's death had been too recent, perhaps it was because he'd witnessed it.
Or maybe it was because of his spider-sense. It was tickling the back of his neck as he met Garrett Lakeson, a Doctor. He was a Neonatologist, which May quickly explained as he looked for possible problems in newborns and infants.
But something told Peter this man shouldn't be left alone with kids, let alone babies. Then again the man looked trustworthy enough, maybe he was just being overly cautious.

Dr. Lakeson had curled black hair and large open and honest cobalt blue eyes. He was Tony's height, so a head taller than himself and May. He dressed nicely, dress pants and dress shirts were probably the only things in the man's closet beside the really expensive workout outfits he had seen him in.
He started coming over enough that May had no problem with leaving them alone together. Peter hadn’t expected it. He hadn't expected to be hit or to be told off for being in the way in his own home. Or to be forced back into his room where he was to stay for the rest of the night, unable to crawl out of the window for fear of the man checking in on him. There wouldn't be any possible way of explaining how he got out through the window, it would just end up looking suspicious.It only got worse from there, there were now his new rules he had to follow:

 Come straight back to the apartment.
 Stay in your room unless it’s an emergency.
 No using your phone unless you're at school.
 Don’t speak out of turn.
 No passwords or passcodes on any electronics.
These rules really only applied when only he was around. Peter knew Dr. Lakeson wasn't ordering around May in the way he was to Peter. And she was happy, so even though he felt like a prisoner in his own home... How could he take that away from her?---Walking out of the school's steps Peter’s friend Ned ranted at him with questions.
"Why haven't you been out lately? You seem quieter than normal. Why don't you ever answer my texts anymore?"
"I'm just bummed my phone broke," He lied, awaiting the sight of Garrett's dreaded car that is until the sight of a familiar Audi drew his attention, parked right in back of Garrett's sickening Range Rover.
Peter didn't know what to do or where to go, but the decision was out of his hands when Tony stepped out the car. Peter approached wearily, standing in front of him shyly, unable to lift his eyes to his mentor’s.

"Hey kid, long time no see," Tony smiled, lifting an eyebrow at Peter's strange demeanor. That's when Garrett decided to get out of the car. ‘Sorry’ fell from Peter's lips as he explained that May's boyfriend had come to pick him up. The man walked over.

"Garrett," The doctor introduced prepared to shake the billionaire's hand, but Tony waved his hand away before placing it on his ‘intern’s’ shoulder. Tony's attention diverted to this strange man who reminded him of ‘Doctor Dreamy’ from Grey's anatomy. As he shifted his grip, he felt the boy flinch. He dismissed the odd reaction as a fluke

"Tony,” the billionaire replied, “But of course you already knew that. Sorry for wasting your time, Just so you know, Peter's my intern so I tend to pick him up whenever I feel like it," Tony explained, lazily waving his hand. Peter nodded, affirming his position.

"It's not a problem at all," Garrett charmed, and Tony simply nodded and ushered Peter into the car where Peter sat down compliantly albeit shakily. He hadn't felt any relief from Garrett in weeks and Tony had been out on trips lately.
"You didn't tell me May got a boyfriend," Tony teased, sensing the boy’s discomfort."Oh...my phone broke, sorry," He explained. But in reality, it was simply in his bag, locked by one of the parental locks.
"I did just finish a brand new Stark phone, I won't be airing them until next year but we can set yours up when we get to the compound," Tony supplied, already having had planned the upgrades in his head. He'd outfit it a little more. A custom case so that no matter how high the boy went it wouldn't break if it fell.
Of course, it was fully waterproof with a battery life that could last a week. Karen would be installed, he didn't like to keep them apart. Every time he checked in with Karen she'd complain she didn't get to talk with Peter enough.What broke him from these thoughts was the bizarre silence that basked in the car. The only thing that Peter had said the entire trip was an oddly quiet and small 'thank you'. Tony knew this wasn't normal for the boy.
"If you have your suit on you we can make some adjustments to that too," Tony continued, hoping that'd draw Peter out of whatever funk he was in.
"No, it's at home. But the phone thing sounds cool," Peter apologized seemingly finally acknowledging the other man’s conversation.
Tony hummed in approval, continuing on through traffic
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Triggers
Child Abuse
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Father-Son Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

