Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Boss,” FRIDAY called uncertainly.

“Hm,”

“Sergeant Barnes wants to know if you want dinner,”

“He wants what now?” Tony asked.

“Dinner. The evening meal. The meal commonly eaten after-”

“Alright! Stop sassing me!” Tony said with a small smile. She was really growing into her code.

“What’d he make?”

“Chicken alfredo,”

“Are you conspiring against me, baby girl?” Tony asked.

“Of course not Boss!”

“You are lying through your servers. I’m going to donate you to a community college in New Jersey one of these days,”

“Looking forward to it,”

Tony rolled his eyes and huffed out a small laugh.

“Should I tell Sergeant Barnes you’ll be joining him?”

Tony tensed, his fingers drumming against his chest, right where the arc reactor used to be.

Princess Shuri of Wakanda had dropped Barnes off at the Compound hardly two weeks after the so called Civil War. She said something about fixing a broken white boy as best as she could and now it was up to him before she left. Tony and Barnes had stared at each other for a few long moments before Tony stepped him aside to let him into the Compound.

It had been three days since then. Tony had told Barnes to tell FRIDAY if he needed anything and promptly fled down to the workshop. He kept finding reasons to stay down there, to keep avoiding Barnes. It was childish, Tony knew it was. He just wasn’t ready to face Barnes.

“Boss?”

“When’s the last time I ate?”

“You haven’t had solid food since Sergeant Barnes arrived,”

“Shit,”

“Tell him I’ll be up in a minute,” he said.

“Sure, Boss,”

Tony wasn’t imagining the pride in her voice. He pushed himself away from his workbench. He washed his hands in the sink in his lab and for a few moments he stared at himself in the mirror. The bruises on his face had nearly healed.

“I can do this,” he said to himself.

He couldn’t keep ignoring Barnes. It wasn’t healthy.

“Tell Barnes I’m on my way up,” Tony said as he pushed himself away from the sink. 




	Tony stepped into the kitchen and paused, hovering near the doorway. Barnes was standing at the stove, his hair in a messy bun. He glanced up at Tony and smiled softly. Tony made a mental note to ask Shuri what the hell she did to Barnes. It was like he was looking at a whole different person than the one he met in Siberia- and Tony was definitely not thinking about that.

“Hey,” Tony said quietly.

“Hey,” Barnes replied, just as quietly.

“Hope you don’ mind. FRIDAY mentioned you liked pasta,” he said.

Tony just nodded until Barnes’ words caught up with him.

“You dirty little liar!” he accused, tilting his head up to the ceiling.

“Don’t know what you’re talking about, Boss,” she replied, sounding far too innocent to be believed.

“When you end up at McDonald’s, just know this is where you went wrong,” Tony warned.

“I thought I was going to a community college?” she teased in her Irish lilt.

“Community college is too good for you,”

“I wouldn’ say that,” Barnes interrupted quietly.

“Thank you, Sergeant Barnes,”

“Any time, ma’am,”

“You sweet talking my baby girl?” Tony asked, unable to keep the smile off his face.

“She’s amazin’,” Barnes said.

“She is,”

“Thanks, Boss!”

Tony shook his head at her sudden voice.

“Here,” Barnes said, holding out a plate that was nearly overflowing with chicken alfredo. Tony’s hands clenched into fists.

“I- I don’t like being handed things,” he said.

For just a second Barnes looked surprised before he shrugged and set the plate down on the counter.

“Thanks,”

Tony picked up the plate and set it down on the small kitchen table. He poured two glasses of water and brought them back to the table. He sat down and Barnes sat across from him, setting a fork near Tony’s plate. Tony picked up the fork, twirled it in the pasta, and took a bite. Tony was mildly surprised at how good it was, could have used a little more garlic, but for a nearly 100 year old ex-brainwashed assassin, it was a very good attempt.

“It’s good,”

“Kind of bland,”

“More garlic next time,”

“Huh,”

Then they fell into silence. Tony’s mind was screaming at him to say something, to say anything. But every time he tried to say something, the words kept getting stuck in this throat.
	“Sorry I shot off your arm,” Tony said quietly. His dark eyes flashed up to Barnes. The other man looked surprised, like he wasn’t expecting Tony to apologize. A ridiculous notion, Tony thought.

“Sorry I killed your mom,” Barnes said just as quietly, his eyes never leaving Tony’s.

Tony wanted to say that he didn’t blame Barnes for that, that he knew it was HYDRA’s fault, but he couldn’t seem to make himself say it. He’d seen the footage. He knew it was HYDRA that carried out the order, but it was still Barnes’ body they used to do it and he was having a hard time getting that image out of his head.

“Right,”

And that was that.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Friday & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Harley Keener & Shuri
Harley Keener & Shuri & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Slow Romance
Touch-Starved
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Being Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Tony Stark Has Issues
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
this is going to be the softest thing I've ever written
Touch-Starved Tony Stark
Touch-Starved Bucky Barnes
did i just write a whole chapter featuring the boys watching Star Wars
u bet ur ass i did
Movie Night
Holding Hands
fucc that's kinky
Harley Keener is Sassy
I love my son
Iron Dad
Couch Cuddles
EVEN KINKIER
Forehead Kisses
GOD SOMEONE STOP ME
also my son James Rhodes is about to enter
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Sharing a Bed
Cuddling & Snuggling
this is crazy kinky i can't believe
Language of Flowers
they just hold hands so much
oh and before I forget Infinity War is canon in this so you're welcome
just think about that when Harley and Peter are soft
and by that I mean the only canon IW thing is what happens to Peter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Harley Keener
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Harley Keener/Peter Parker
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Friday & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Harley Keener & Shuri
Harley Keener & Shuri & Peter Parker

