Work Text:

“Hey, May?”


May looked up from spreading butter on her toast.


“Yeah Pete?”


“I was just wondering,” Peter started, fiddling with the fork in his hand, “next week is career day at school… they’re having a bunch of kids parents come in to talk about what they do, you know, try and give the students some idea where they might want to work after high school. Do you… do you think you could do it? They asked our class to bring our parents, so….”


May sighed as she sat down her knife. Peter dropped his eyes back to his eggs, disappointment burning in his stomach as he already knew what May was going to say.


“Peter, I… I wish I could,” May said softly, “I really do, but I can’t afford to take off work right now. Money has been a little tight lately, you know? I can’t afford to lose more shifts than absolutely necessary, you know?”


“Yeah,” Peter said, gesturing with his fork and trying to appear nonchalant, “yeah, I get it. Work is more important.”


“Peter, that’s not what I--”


“No, no,” Peter rushed to reassure her, guilt burning through him at the pained look in her eyes, “I didn’t-- I didn’t mean it like that. I just mean, you know, money is important for… for living, so going to work is important. Besides, it's not like 

everyone’s 

parents are going to be able to show up for the same reason, right? It’s alright, May.”


“I’m sorry, Pete,” May said quietly, reaching over to place a comforting hand on Peter’s arm. “I know its hard for you when these kind of things happen. You know if I could, I would.”


“Nah, it’s fine, it’s alright,” Peter said, staring at her hand on his arm. He tried to ignore the burning in his eyes, not really succeeding. It always sucked when he wasn’t able to participate in the parent-child functions the school put on, especially since Ben died, but he knew it wasn’t anyone’s fault. He knew May would be there for him if she could, but he also understood why she couldn’t.


He cleared his throat and glanced at the clock on the wall. Shoving the last of his eggs in his mouth, he stood and grabbed his backpack from the back of his chair.


“I should head out, I’m gonna be late,” he said, proud at how steady his voice sounded.


“Okay,” May smiled, pushing her glasses up her nose as she watched him go, “have a good day! I love you.”


“I love you, too,” he shouted over his shoulder as he rushed out the door.


May rubbed her hand over her eyes as she sat back in her chair. She knew it was hard for Peter when he had to be alone on days when parents were asked to visit classes, ever since he was a little kid. Her and Ben always tried to work it out so at least one of them was available to go with him, but they couldn’t always make it. She hated the thought of Peter sitting alone in class while all the other kids got to show off their parents and what they do, but they really just couldn’t afford to lose any money at the moment.


Looking at the clock and grimacing at the time, she got up to gather her stuff for work. She grabbed her purse off the counter, not realizing it was upside down, and cursing when everything fell out of it. She crouched down to gather all her stuff when he saw her phone light up with a text.


Tony Stark


Hey May, just making sure we’re still on for Peter coming to the tower after school today. Let me know if I need to pick him up.



She stared at the name on her screen, an idea popping into her head. It was probably a long-shot, Tony was a busy man, but it was worth a try at least.


Before she could change her mind, she unlocked her phone and pressed the call button. She held it up to her ear and waited as it rang.


“Hey, Tony? Yeah, it’s me. Wha-- no, no, Peter’s fine. Yeah, he can go to the tower, that’s fine. Listen, I uhh… I kinda need to ask you a favor, if you’re willing. For Peter.”


Peter sighed and tried to bury his face further into his arms on his desk as he listened to Brooke’s dad go on and on about being a firefighter in New York. Out of all the kids in his homeroom, he was one of only two kids whose parents/guardian weren’t able to come in. And the only reason the other girl’s parents couldn’t come in was because her dad was in the Army and currently deployed overseas, and her mom was a stay at home mom with twin three-year-old boys. So, really, the only parent less one in the class was him.


Which, really, he was used to by now. This wasn’t the first time May, or even Ben when he was alive, hadn’t been able to come in for whatever event the school was doing. Still, it wasn’t easy being reminded of the fact that his home life was different from everyone else’s. Especially when all the parent/guardians were told to sit at the desks with their kids, and he was sitting all alone in the back of the room.


He was jolted out of his melancholy thoughts when everyone started clapping around him. He looked up and noticed that Brooke’s dad had finished his presentation, so he clapped politely along as they waited for the next perso
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
High School
Career Day
Fluff
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

