Chapter 1: reality
    




Chapter Text
-  They write to each other once a week, maybe even twice, and Scotland is cold and lonely without her.But Wanda has Vision, she tries to tell herself that that’s all she needs, that she’s happy without Natasha and that where they are is okay. That she doesn’t need the Black Widow and that she’s fine. (She isn’t, she misses Natasha so much, sometimes she wonders if it’s become a part of her.)  -   When Steve, Natasha, and Sam save her from Thanos’s children, she feels Natasha’s arms around her for the first time in years, and it feels like coming home.She’s picked up from the ground, where she pants from exertion, and almost collapses into Natasha’s arms. She sees blonde hair as she buries her face into the older woman’s neck, and grabs to Natasha’s back as if it was her anchor, seeking comfort as her body almost melts. She’s so tired, but Natasha gives her this strength that lets her hold on.Wanda then feels Natasha hold her, just as tight, and she wonders if the other woman missed her as much as she did.They pull back, and Natasha cradles her face, smiling lightly and resting her forehead against hers. “You did amazing.”Wanda lets her eyes close as well, and she thinks she should say I missed you or Where have you been or maybe I should have gotten into danger sooner to see you. But Wanda pulls back, playing with the ends of Natasha’s short hair, smiling weakly as blood from the gash on her forehead trickles down her neck. “You dyed your hair. It’s beautiful.”Natasha laughs, crushing their bodies into a hug again.  -    There’s a moment, a breathless second, where Natasha feels her world stop. That thing, stands over Wanda; and it’s doesn’t even take a second for Natasha to move into action. Because Wanda’s not alone, and she never will be, not as long as Natasha is fighting and breathing and standing.And the feeling inside of her that springs to life, this protective fury for Wanda, burns at the belly of her stomach. And Natasha almost buckles from the power of it, so she focuses it all into the swing of the Wakandan weapons she bears, hearing the grunts of Okoye fighting just behind her.When she looks back on it, she never knew she could keep up with a literal alien who most likely could cut her in half with her horns, but Natasha likes to think her experience with ripping aliens to shreds comes in handy when suddenly, she’s on her back, gritting her teeth and pushing against the sword of the (woman? Alien? Hybrid?) who hovers over her.When the child of Thanos grins, the fangs in her teeth ooze drool, and her horns almost glint in the light of the battle field. Natasha struggles again, pushing up with all her strength against the sword at her throat, grunting as her voice cracks slightly in her efforts.(Is it poetic her last thought is of Wanda? Pleading for her to be okay?)Natasha doesn’t know, she doesn’t seem to care. If she is to die, maybe it’s okay she’s dying for something worthwhile.The woman above her smiles, a low laugh rumbling her chest. “Tsk tsk, who’s all alone now?”Before either can blink, red energy swirls around the horned woman, flinging her almost upright into the air. Natasha watches with her mouth open slightly as she is ripped apart, almost from the inside out, as Wanda throws her body through the air, directly into the blades of their machine.  And Wanda’s standing there, breathless and tired and almost angry, the power in her body thrumming as her eyes glow that devastating red. Natasha stands up, holding her stomach in pain as Wanda lowers her hands, the energy dissipating from the air as she worriedly looks to Natasha, jogging over and resting her hand on her bicep. “Are you okay?”It makes Natasha smile, standing up taller and wincing as her body protests. “Never been better killer. Are you?”

Natasha frowns slightly, worry suddenly taking her over as she looks to her- to Wanda. She seems so exhausted, like she holds the weight of the world on her shoulders. But she smiles lightly, accent almost a calming thing to Natasha among the bloodshed. “I’m fine, all that matters is that you are.” “As much as I’m loving this sweet reunion, alien at 3’oclock!?”Okoye’s voice rings out, making Wanda instantly glow red as she stands protectively in front of Natasha; a sea of creatures almost close enough to swarm the crater they still stand in. “Oh no way in hell are you protecting me. You have to find Vision, Wanda. Now.”Wanda ready’s her hands, energy flickering around her as her eyes glow red, she tries to make her voice steady as she speaks. “No. No, Natasha, I’m not leaving.” I can’t. I can’t leave you again. I feel like it’ll kill me. And suddenly, Natasha is kissing her, she’s kissing her and kissing her and Wanda feels the earth below her shake. And when she pulls back, she’s doing that half smirk, the one Wanda fell for. “Go save the world killer.”Wanda opens her mouth, eyes going back to their natural colour after the press of Natasha’s lips.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Wanda Maximoff

freeform: 
this movie...hurt me.
Angst
Fluff
Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Comfort
Hurt

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Yelena Belova & Natasha Romanov
Yelena Belova & Wanda Maximoff

