Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Siberia  Tony could hardly believe it when he saw the Avenger’s jet and T’Challa’s jet leaving Siberia.
Beside him, on the ground, Steve’s discarded shield still remained. Tossed aside like it didn’t mean a thing to him, as if the man who had gifted it to him, spent fifty million dollars, and lost all his toes to frostbite trying to find Steve’s body in the Arctic.
As he lay on the ground in his disabled suit Tony felt the rage which had been coursing through him since he’d seen the murder of his parents at the hands of Barnes on the videotape slowly leaching away from his body.
With his anger leaving him the adrenaline left him too. All of his injuries were now beginning to hurt, his broken wrist, his ribs, his sternum, dear God his sternum! That felt like it was on fire and it was so very hard to breath.
His chest felt as if there were a heavy weight upon it, bearing down on him and keeping him from breathing with any level of ease.
It was possible, probable even that he had suffered a punctured lung. Steve hadn’t held back when he’d rammed that shield into his arc reactor, by the pain he was in Tony knew he had broken ribs, that one or more had lacerated his lungs.
His heart too might be damaged too, considering the pain in his chest and how hard it was to breathe right now he could well be on the verge of a heart attack.With the suit destroyed he had no way out of here, his emergency tracker would have activated and a spare suit would be on its way from New York but it would take a few hours to reach Siberia. Would he still be alive when it found him?Tony knew he should be scared of the thought of dying here, alone in this frozen wasteland, maybe even be angry about it, about Steve, a man he’d thought of as a friend leaving him here to die.
But as the cold crept a little deeper into his bones and it grew even harder to draw much-needed breath into his lungs, all Tony could feel was sad.He was sad that he wouldn’t get to patch things up with Pepper, not that their relationship romantically speaking could be salvaged he knew that, but he had hoped that maybe their friendship could.
He wouldn’t get to say sorry to Rhodey or help him put his life back together from the injuries he had received.
He’d never get to speak to that Spiderling again or tell him how impressed he was with him, never get to know the kid who’d caught his eye. He wouldn’t play with Dumm-E again, his poor demented bot, or his younger Bot Brothers Butterfingers and YOU.
He knew that Rhodey would take care of them, wouldn’t let them be shut off, but no one ever really understood Dumm-E, Butterfingers, and YOU like Tony did, well, no one but Bruce.
Bruce Wayne, Tony’s on again off again lover since he was sixteen and Bruce was eighteen. Recently they had entered each other’s orbit again, had run into each other at a gala just before Tony was due to go to MIT to present BARF.
It’d been more than ten years since they’d last spoken following a less than pretty break up and seeing each other again had been disconcerting, for the first ten minutes, then all the tension had slipped away and the conversation had flowed as easily as the wine.
That they had ended up spending the night in Bruce’s hotel room hadn’t surprised Tony in the least, what had surprised him was that it hadn’t made CNN, his Bruce’s get-togethers were generally topic for a great deal of discussion by the Press.
But for once luck had been on their side and they had escaped the scrutiny of the world, at least for now.
When they had parted it had been with a promise to meet up again for a date after MIT.
Tony wouldn’t get to make that call now, wouldn’t get to go to dinner with Bruce, see where this took them if perhaps this time it just might work out.Tony coughed harshly bringing up blood which splattered down his chin and soaked into his beard.
Lungs were punctured then.
Tears welled up in Tony’s eyes and began to roll down his temples as he silently cried, silently said apologies to his friends, to Bruce, wishing that he was able to at least send them a message, to say goodbye. Another coughing fit hit him and hacked up globs of blood that trickled down his face, his head was beginning to hurt, well it already hurt but the pain and pressure were getting worse.
Turning his head as much as he could Tony looked outside, he could see the sky from here, could see the cold night sky with the stars shining brightly.
The last thought that ran through his head before he passed out was how ironic it was that he now took comfort in the beauty of the night sky as the last image he would see before he died when space had been haunting him and driving him mad for the past three years. By the time Friday, remote piloting the suit found him, Tony had long since fallen into unconsciousness.
His vitals were dropping from what Friday could pick up from the suits sensors, his left lung had collapsed and was full of blood which was putting pressure on his heart which wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
one sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Canon Divergence
billionaire boyfriends
Hurt Tony Stark
Not Ex Avengers friendly
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Major Character Injury
Protective Bruce Wayne
Steve has really messed up
Coma
Magic
Supernatural Elements
Tony is very Special
Crossover Pairings
DCU/Marvel
Any trolls who comment with either be ignored or made fun of
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers Endgame compliant
Mpreg

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Wayne
one sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

