Chapter 1: He Flirts With You
    




Chapter Text
“I honestly don’t know how you put up with him.”Peter was out of breath and covered in soot, standing in the rubble left over from an epic team-up with Deadpool and the X-Men. Wade had, of course, spent the entire fight doing his level best to distract Peter with bad jokes and sexual innuendos, which Peter was so accustomed to it didn’t even faze him, to Wade’s great disappointment. Now that the bad guys were defeated, Cyclops had approached Peter with a smirk on his face beneath his signature red visor and his arms crossed over his spandex-clad chest.“You have the patience of a saint,” Scott continued. “And I say that as someone who regularly teaches classrooms full of teenage mutants.”Peter glanced over his shoulder at Wade, who was currently shooting the shit with Wolverine like they hadn’t just been in a fight to the death with a small but persistent squadron of Sentinels. “He grows on you,” he said fondly. He remembered the days when he used to come home from a team-up with Deadpool fuming, pacing his apartment back and forth and wondering aloud how one man could possibly manage to be so annoying. Wade had a very particular set of skills, and it mostly involved pushing people’s buttons. But now, years later, Peter couldn’t imagine his life without him. Wade really had grown on him. Like a fungus, he thought with a chuckle.“He must. I can barely stand teaming up with him for a single mission, and that’s with you holding his leash. I can’t imagine what it must be like to be in a relationship with him.”Peter had already opened his mouth to reply when his brain finished registering what Scott had just said. He was grateful he had his Spider-Man mask to hide his expression, which he would imagine at that moment looked priceless. He gaped at Scott and stammered out a question: “I’m sorry, do you think Deadpool and I are… in a relationship?” Fuck. Was he blushing? Yeah. Yeah, he was definitely blushing. Shit.That was the thing. Peter would love to be in a relationship with Wade. Wade was hilarious, and loyal, and a surprisingly good guy, at least in the ways that mattered. Peter had long ago come to terms with the fact that he was crushing hard on Deadpool, and it was definitely ill-advised, and it would probably only end up getting him in trouble, but he couldn’t do anything about it – he had certainly tried, tried for years to get over Wade, to no avail – so he may as well accept it. But it was definitely concerning if his crush on Wade had become so obvious that even Cyclops, with whom Peter wasn’t particularly close, could tell something was up. Peter made a mental note to be more subtle about his affections in the future.“You aren’t?” Scott asked, sounding surprised but not particularly invested in the matter.“No!” Peter denied so vehemently his voice cracked, which he knew only made him sound even more suspicious. His blush deepened until he was sure if Scott were to tear away his mask, his face would be the same shade of red underneath it. He took a breath and tried to find his composure. “I mean, no. We’re just friends.” He paused, bit his lip, and his curiosity got the best of him. “What, uh… what made you think that we were?”“The constant flirting, I guess.” Scott shrugged, already visibly losing interest in the conversation as he cast his gaze around the street corner they were standing on at his colorfully dressed teammates, the police lights flashing in the distance, the S.H.I.E.L.D. helicopters descending on the scene. He sighed audibly, seeming to take in the scope of the destruction surrounding them, the cracked asphalt and scattered robot parts and buildings that looked like they’d been struck by meteorites or punched by God himself.“I don’t flirt with him!” Peter insisted. He actually made a point not to flirt with Wade, partially because he didn’t want to seem like a lovestruck idiot (which he was), but mostly because he didn’t know the first thing about flirting or how to go about it. It wasn’t his fault; he’d spent his formative teenage years fighting crime instead of learning how to drink and party and form normal human relationships.“He flirts with you.” And with that, Scott stalked off in the direction of the nearest helicopter, out of which strode an exhausted and exasperated Maria Hill, talking animatedly into an earpiece and glaring at everyone she passed.A hand on Peter’s shoulder signaled Wade’s presence. “We should probably get out of here before things start to get bureaucratic,” he said. Peter nodded.“Yeah, let’s leave this to the professionals,” he said, only half-jokingly. He wasn’t very good at the clean-up part of superhero work that came after all the fighting. It was one of the many reasons he wasn’t a part of any superhero teams, preferring to either go solo or help out whenever and wherever he was needed, like a super-strong, super-fast, spider-themed freelancer.Peter and Wade disappeared into the shadows just as Scott 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Flirting
Oblivious Peter
Blowjobs
Deepthroating
Face-Fucking
Facials
Friends to Lovers

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

