Chapter 1: Pineapple and Olive
    


Notes:
(THIS IS A REWRITE)




Chapter Text
He had only just got off of his bike, and Peter could already feel the burning sensation of the scorching hot boxes of pizza in his hands. He had to open with his right foot, on multiple unsuccessful tries, the door to the apartment building. It was a rather crappy looking one, but one Peter was sure he could never afford to live in on his own, even with the alarming amount of pizza deliveries he had to make nearly every night of the week. What was it with New York and pizza? It was almost one in the morning, and Peter could feel his phone buzzing in successions in his jeans pocket from the texts his boss kept sending him about his next runs.There was a strong smell of weed lingering in the lobby as Peter went to the elevator, but it wasn't much better inside of it. He had to squeeze between a woman and her boyfriend fighting over money, which the 18 years old assumed after the two painfully long minutes where he had to try his best to avoid the woman's accusing finger attached to her dangerously animated arm. It had been quite challenging since the elevator was so small that Peter doubted it had been made with three people and two extra-large boxes of pizza in mind. His right side hurt a little from it being so tightly pressed against the dirty elevator's tapestry while he made everything in his power, not to as much as brushed against the heated woman. Peter didn't want to add ‘pineapple and olive pizza on her feet’, which was already a monstrosity in itself, on her list of problems.Peter’s day hadn’t been much better. Harry had been so withdrawn lately, what with his father's illness, that he didn't need a reason to snap at his best friend anymore. Peter didn't want to blame him, but he had to admit it was getting on his nerves. It wasn't his fault that Harry’s dad was dying. And Peter already had to deal with Flash, who had given him a painful welcome that morning that left his jaw still sore. His bed seemed indefinitely better than anything he could be doing that night because, somehow, delivering greasy food in sketchy apartment buildings wasn’t the first thing he wished he could be doing on a school night. But ever since his uncle had been fired, money had been really tight for them. Taking on another stinky job to help out more wasn’t exactly tempting in the typical sense of the word, only something he deemed necessary. Only, his uncle didn’t believe the same thing and that Peter didn’t have to worry, for one thing. The only worry he wished on his nephew was the one only one last year of high school could procure. But that worry was currently helping Peter to resist the incredibly intense urge to leave the three warm pizza boxes at Jeremy at 7348 Red Ledge Drive’s doorstep and riding to bed immediately.Speaking of which, ‘Jeremy at 7348 Red Ledge Drive’ seemed way more surprised than the ordinary person being delivered a pizza to at one in the morning when he finally deigned to open his door to Peter.“I didn't order any pizza,” Jeremy simply said, his Star Wars shirt sprinkled with crumbs of chips and smelling of weed ten times stronger than the lobby ever could.“Well,” Peter's brain was shouting at him to just toss the large boxes into the other young man's arms, but instead, he searched with one of his hand for the receipt, scattered with grease stains, stuck between the cardboard, balancing on his knee. “Aren’t you Jeremy? For 7348 Red Ledge Drive?”“Yeah? But I'm telling you I didn't order anything!”“But this is 7348 Red Ledge Drive, right?”“Will it help if I slow it down? I didn’t – order – the – fucking – pizza!”Okay, now Peter only wanted to punch the guy in his oily face and keep all of the food himself, pineapple and olive be damned.“Then who…”Before Peter could finish his question, both men turned at the sound of a toilet flushing in another room of the apartment.“Pizza time!”A peculiar looking man came out of the bathroom behind Jeremy, who, by the look on his face, didn't know the guy at all. As for Peter, the strangest thing about this bathroom user stranger would have probably been his coat or his Bea Arthur shirt. Maybe that was the reason why Peter just decided to stand there with sweat running from his back and burned hands, but who knows, he certainly had no clue why he did that. It wouldn't be the weirdest thing that happened to him on the job – or so he believed – and Peter kind of wanted to see how this would play out. He could only stare alongside Jeremy at the shockingly handsome, boyish man wiping his hands on a towel in the middle of the living room of the young stoner's apartment.“Pineapple and olive?” the stranger asked Peter, who could only nod at him, seeing as not a single sound would come out of his shut mouth. “Sweet and salty.”“Who the fuck are you? What the fuck are you doing here?”Jeremy’s voice sounded more like a strangle screech toward the end as he and Peter both saw the strange man
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Humor
Implied/Referenced Character Death
but not cause ya know
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Developing Relationship
Established Relationship
Eventual Smut
Smut
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
First Time
Domestic
Domestic Fluff
Wade is in his 20s
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Grief/Mourning
Jealous Wade Wilson
Suicidal Thoughts
References to Depression
flirty friends to lovers to enemies to friends to lovers
they both bottom lol
Jealous Peter Parker
Cancer
Mentions of Cancer
for all intent and purposes andrew garfield is much shorter
or ryan reynolds is much taller you decide
I AM REWRITING THE FIRST FEW CHAPTERS
Alternate Universe
Character Study
it's so fucking long y'all lol

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

