Chapter 1: I've seen you in a dream (Loki/reader)
    




Chapter Text
You were beginning to think that agreeing to this mission was a mistake. Namely as you stood there watching all the Asgardians in their finery and you in your jeans and blouse.You had been the apprentice of Dr. Strange for nearly a year and this was your first mission, your first real mission. To go to Asgard, exchange the artifact for a scroll in their possession, return to the Inner Sanctum, celebrate possibly with pizza. This was not how it was supposed to go.You had arrived in Asgard, being told by Strange that you didn’t need to dress up even though Thor was a god and a king, feeling overwhelmed. Heimdall had allowed you to come through the Bifrost gate and the way his eyes shimmered made you uneasy.He smiled, “Rest easy. Your mission will go better then you expect.”Still a little off put by a literal god staring at you with bright orange eyes you bowed, unsure what proper etiquette was in this situation. This caused him to laugh which startled you.“You do not need to bow to me little one!” he laughed again, “Save those for the king!”Feeling even more foolish you stood, nodded and headed down the rainbow bridge. All your worries melted away as you entered the gold city. People parted seeing your odd dress and before you could ask which way to the palace someone pointed you towards it. They seemed generally friendly as you walked, several children came to meet you, you talked with them of your home to their wide-eyed amusement. A few older Asgardians gave more detailed directions and before you knew it you arrived at the palace. The feeling of being overwhelmed struck you again as you walked towards the throne.Thor was large of course, he seemed to be a statue brought to live. Truly a god. He was talking with someone to his left, showing his eye patch which, he had earned recently from his fight with his sister. Strange had mentioned her being defeated and sent back to the realm Odin had trapped her in. When Thor noticed you standing there he smiled and rose from the throne.“You must be the wizard’s apprentice!” he boomed.Instantly you took a knee, “It’s Y/N, your highness. And it’s not wizard, but sorcerer.”Thor blinked before laughing loudly, “Stand Y/N. Your Strange did not tell you to be so formal, did he?” Your Strange. A blush creeped to your cheeks, “Ah, no, um…sir?”Thor came down and clapped a hand to your shoulder, “Thor will suffice little one.”You felt yourself buckle under the weight of his hand, true compared to his beefy gods you were small, but they didn’t have to keep pointing it out… “Thor then. Thor, I have been given instructions by the Sorcerer Supreme to exchange an artifact for a scroll in your keep.” You said clearly, you had been rehearsing this line in your head the entire walk here.Thor blinked, then smiled, “Very well, I will send someone to fetch it. The scroll Strange wants is a bit hard to find.” Taking in your look of confusion he smiled wider, “It tends to hide.” He chuckled, “In the mean time would you care to join us for a feast? Some of the warriors have just returned from a successful hunt.”What were you supposed to say? No thanks I’d rather just go home and eat pizza? Strange said it was important to get the scroll and exchange the artifact in one trip. Besides he is a king, do people ever say no to kings?“Yes, I would love to.”And now here you were, like a fish in space. You had found a nice corner to fit yourself in with a heavy gold goblet of wine. Sipping carefully as you watched the fine ladies and men of court talk and eat. Maybe you could simply disappear, large gatherings were never your strong suit. Just as you were contemplating a disappearance spell someone slid next to you.“Not a fan of parties, are you?”You glance beside you to the God of Mischief himself, holding his own goblet of wine and looking bored into the crowd. He was the reason Strange wanted the scroll, you figured, you had heard many things about Loki, none of them good. He addressed you but was not looking at you and you noticed his helmet was not on, a plain gold circlet rested on his head. He turned and smirked.“It’s a bit heavy for this event.” He said before tapping his head, “The helmet I mean.”For a moment you wondered if he could read your mind, but you had been staring at the empty space above his head, “Doesn’t really go with the outfit.” You responded, taking note of his more casual appearance. You had seen videos and pictures of his invasion of New York and then he had looked dressed for battle. Now he was in a beautifully embroidered green tunic and leather pants with his hair kept in place with the circlet. A dark green cloak rested on his shoulders and you realized you were staring and cast your eyes to the floor.“Yours doesn’t seem to go with the event.” He commented, and you felt your cheeks heat. A rush of embarrassment and anger.“I didn’t have time to change. Besides, what was I to say to a king? No?” yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
T'Challa/Reader
Loki/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Quill/Reader
Dr. Strange/Loki/Reader
Dr. Strange/Reader
Star Lord/Reader
Deadpool/Reader
Captain America/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker/Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Clint Barton/ Loki/ Reader

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn With Plot
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Knifeplay
Dream Sex
Rough Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
Mind Control
Oral Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Finger Sucking
Sex Magic
Light Bondage
First Kiss
First Time
One Shot
Teacher-Student Relationship
Reader-Insert
SEX...IN...SPACE
Blow Jobs
Semi-Public Sex
POV Second Person
Dirty Talk
Marriage
sharing is caring
Revenge Sex
Smut
Shameless Smut
Friends to Lovers
First Dates
Anniversary
Breathplay
Love Bites
little bit of gay
Biting
Impact Play
Arc Reactor
Consent is Sexy
Sex Tape
Its Cum not come
Cum Swallowing
Swearing
Hair-pulling
Drugs
Mildly Dubious Consent
Spanking
Multiple Orgasms
Multiple Pairings
Double Penetration
Rape/Non-con Elements
Superheroes
Suit Kink
Suit Porn

fandom: 
T'Challa/Reader
Loki/Reader
Peter Parker/Reader
Peter Quill/Reader
Dr. Strange/Loki/Reader
Dr. Strange/Reader
Star Lord/Reader
Deadpool/Reader
Captain America/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Peter Parker/Reader
Wade Wilson/Reader
Tony Stark/Reader
Clint Barton/Reader
Clint Barton/ Loki/ Reader

