Chapter 1: beginnings
    


Summary:

a visit to the coffee shop seems in order



Notes:
Im procrastinating a lot of things but I rethought some of this so im gonna edit and possibly rewrite some of this-7/10/19, 7:41 pm est-

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Bucky never always liked staying indoors. Maybe if he lived on a little farmhouse in the middle of nowhere, he would go outside more, but not when he lived in the center of Manhattan, in Stark Tower of all places. He was perfectly ok staying indoors. It was only on rare occasions that he went out, usually to get away from the chaotic lifestyle everyone in tower seemed to possess. His favorite place was a small, 24-hour coffee shop a couple of blocks away. They had good coffee and never got super crowded, so Bucky would often grab a book and head over there to de-stress for a while. It had a particularly bad week when Bucky decided that he needed his alone time. His nightmares had been getting more and more vivid and he had been trying to sleep for over four hours that night. So, instead of staring at his ceiling for the rest of the night, he threw on some sweatpants and a hoodie, grabbed his book, his wallet, and practically ran to the elevator. Bucky told Jarvis not to alert anyone and to tell Steve he was going out whenever he woke up. Bucky hadn’t bothered checking the time or grabbing his phone before he left, but he could only assume it was nearing the morning, the sky just starting to lighten up. Judging by the wet pavement, it had recently stopped raining. It had been enough to empty the streets of any early morning joggers and businessmen. Bucky kept walking, keeping his hood pulled up and his book shoved inside the massive pocket. As he approaching the coffee shop, he saw a clock through the window reading just past five. Bucky walked in, waving to the lady behind the counter, and pulled off his hood. She worked the late night shifts when Bucky usually came. She was always kind, which Bucky knew was just apart of the job, but she also never questioned or even stared at his arm. It was a nice change of pace. “Your usual, James?” he nodded and handed her a five, dropping his change into the pink tip jar on the counter. The lady, known as Amy on her nametag, quickly made up his small coffee, extra cream with no sugar. Bucky sat at his usual corner seat, back facing the wall with a good view of the rest of the room. Once settled, he pulled out  The Wizard of Oz  and flipped to his current page. “Pete, I know you wanna stay, but I can’t let you if you don’t order something.” Bucky didn’t mean to tune into the conversation, but he couldn’t help it, being the only conversation in the shop. “Please Mrs. Larson, I just need to finish this!”“I already let you off the hook two other times this week, Peter,” the boy, Peter, was tucked away in the far booth, an old laptop open on the table and some papers beside that. Bucky had barely noticed him when he walked in, and he probably didn’t notice Bucky. He couldn’t help but pick out the pleading tone not very well hidden in his ramblings. “I know, but I don’t have any money on me. Please? I just need a little more time,”Bucky doesn’t know what drives him to stand up and walk over there, his book tucked under his arm and coffee in one hand, and toss a ten onto the table. Both Amy and the boy looked up at him, most likely just as confused as Bucky himself was. “Get whatever you want, kid,”“Sir, I can’t-”“Doesn’t matter, and it sounds like you need it more than I do.” It took another second for the boy to process what Bucky was saying. He quietly asked Amy for a small hot chocolate, all while staring at the bill. Amy herself had a small smile on her face as she grabbed the bill and went to go make the drink. Bucky, in a moment of courage, sat in the seat across from Peter, setting his coffee and book on the table. Bucky took in every detail about the boy; a slim face, and lanky judging by how his sweater hung off of him. His hair was unkempt and curly, hanging in front of his eyes. He saw the backpack stuffed in between him and the wall, as well as the assignments he had pulled out. Amy came back, drink and change in hand. She set the hot chocolate down and went to hand Bucky the change, but he waved her off, telling her to keep it. The boy waited until she left to speak up again. “Thank you for doing that. I don’t have any connection at my house, but I really needed to finish this essay before class today and-...and usually, I have some change on me but I kinda forgot, I guess,” “As I said, it’s fine.”“Well, my name’s Peter, if you didn’t already hear that,”“James, but I go by Bucky,”“That...doesn't sound anything like James though,” Bucky shrugged, amused at Peter's sudden confusion. “It’s from my middle name.” a part of Bucky relaxes, realizing that Peter doesn’t recognize him from the team. “So, what is your essay about?”“Oh, it’s a part of my chemistr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
bucky and peter are friends
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Good Peter
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Everyone cares about Peter
but no one knows he's Spider-man
Bucky helps Peter
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Graphic Description
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Suicide Attempt
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm

fandom: 
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

