Work Text:
Steve woke-up with a groggy, hungover feeling that he knew meant that he’d been drugged. The last thing he remembered was getting ready for bed. A quick check found him still in his long johns, so he probably hadn’t lost any time, they’d- whoever They were- had most likely taken him from his bed.The surface he was lying on had a little give to it, the material was smooth and slightly tacky against his cheek. ‘One of those plastics that the modern world is so in love with,’ Steve concluded distastefully. Hearing nothing suspicious or informative he gave up any pretense of continued unconsciousness and opened his eyes. The cell was futuristic, even by Twenty-First Century standards: A raised platform surrounded by four walls formed from glimmering gold force fields that stretched up to the ceiling.There was a second cot on the other side of the cell and Steve grimaced as he recognized Tony Stark. He hadn’t seen the other Avenger since the Battle of Manhattan and while Iron Man had proven himself an asset there… Well, that was in the suit and it was Tony Stark in a tux minus the jacket and bow tie lying on the other side of the cell, not Iron Man. From what Steve had heard from Natasha, Stark had blown up all his suits after the thing with the Mandarin several months back. ‘I’d almost rather be saddled with a normal civilian,’ Steve sighed to himself. ‘At least they might do what they’re told.’Stark groaned as he began to come to.“Stark!” Steve hissed.The billionaire rolled on his side and eyed Steve for a moment. “Well, looks like a good party’s been eliminated as a possibility. You mind writing a note for Pepper and my therapist saying it wasn’t my fault I got involved, Capcicle? And for the love of science, what are you wearing?"Steve grimaced at the nickname, at the uncalled for mockery in the other man’s tone. “I don’t know that this isn’t on you. What do you remember about the people who took us? I was asleep in my apartment.” Steve gestured defensively to his long johns. ‘Haven’t been able to sleep in the cold without nightmares since coming out of the ice.’“The last thing I remember was getting cornered by a blowhard politician who still hasn’t gotten over my ‘betrayal of my father’s legacy of dedication to our armed forces’. Odds are I was asleep too,” Stark said.Steve didn’t even know where to start with that. Stark’s obvious disdain for his father’s accomplishments, including the support Howard had given the Howlies during the war grated. At the same time, with what he’d seen of modern warfare, with its weapons that sought to replace soldiers, Steve couldn’t disapprove of Stark’s decisions to get out of the business. And then there was the simple disrespectfulness of Stark apparently falling asleep while some senator or congressman had been speaking to him. ‘Can’t open his mouth without some sort of irrelevant obnoxiousness coming out. If there’s one person who exemplifies everything wrong with this time…’“So, we know nothing about the people who took us-““‘People’ isn’t my first thought here,” Stark interrupted glancing around their cell and what was visible of the room beyond the fields.“I still think our best hope is immediate escaped,” Steve continued, giving him a quelling look. “Without your armor you won’t be able to provide any support. Stark, if I’m going to get us out of this I have to be able to count on you to do exactly what I say, when I say.”“Sir! Yes sir! What are your orders, Sir?” Stark snapped a textbook perfect salute marred only by the roll of his eyes.“Just… Stay quiet and out of the way while I get us out of this cell,” Steve sighed. He stood and ripped his cot apart with a grunt of effort. A long piece of the frame made a crude but serviceable spear.“The corners, where the fields come together are a likely weak point,” Stark said.Steve grimaced. He didn’t doubt that Stark knew more about things like that than he did but the geometry of the corners would restrict the amount of force he could bring to bear. Steve lunged at the cell wall, driving the spear into the center of it, putting all his strength and weight behind the blow. The field crackled ominously and a jolt of electricity knocked Steve on his ass. For several moments he just sat there blinking and rubbing his the feeling back into his hands.“The cot tarp’s some sort of polymeric material,” Stark remarked as he picked through the remnants of Steve’s cot. He wrapped one of the larger pieces of the bedding around his hand then gingerly tapped the force field. “Yep, it’s an insulator,” he said.“What if you’d been wrong?” Steve snapped. “As strong as the jolt that hit me was it might have stopped your heart.”“Aww, I didn’t know you cared,” Stark crooned.“You are a civilian under my protection,” Steve replied coldly. “I’m obligated to do my best to keep you alive but if you’re going to be taking foolish chances...”“Right, that’s my prerogative,” Stark huffed. “Wrap the damned polymer around the metal like a haft
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Kidnapping
BAMF Tony Stark
Not Steve Friendly
Tony Stark Does What He Wants

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

