Chapter 1: Small Comforts
    




Chapter Text
Loki was a bit tired of routine.  There was little of his life that was spontaneous: wake up, make breakfast for the children and Svad, clean, pick up groceries, cook dinner, collect the children from their lessons, so on and so forth. Then again, the routines of his life were his only small comfort. Well, that and his four children. Natasha had been his first, and he was overjoyed when he saw that she was a little alpha, a spitfire, just like her father.  Her fiery red hair still mystifies him, as neither him nor her father had that hair color (however, it seems Steve’s birth mother was a red-head), but her penetrating green eyes were totally from him, she had so much Loki in her that it scared him sometimes.  She was his pride, his only girl.  James came next, his precious little omega son, meek and shy when he was around anyone his own age, but lighting up like a firecracker when anyone mentioned his father and quick to defend anyone he loved. The little dark haired, blue eyed boy reminded him so much of his father that it hurt to look at him sometimes.  James was his only omega child, and for that he kept him close at all times, feared for the day that he would find someone compatible or the day his heat would strike.  Loki taught him how to fend for himself, and James told him everything. Sleipnir and Fenrir were both alphas, twins by his husband, Svad, who doted on his boys nonstop.  His hyperactive six year olds were often a handful, and living in a house full of testosterone was grating, especially when it came to his heats. “MAMA! SEP STOLE MY BIKE AGAIN!” a shrill voice yelled from downstairs.   It was enough to rouse him from the calm that he fell into, his only solace from the warzone that was his twins.  He walked slowly down the stairs, only to see Fen with his hands around Sep’s throat, squeezing.   The alarm that it sprung in him was nothing short of pure shock.  He sprang immediately into action, prying them apart and giving them scolding looks. “He started it…” Fenrir groused, arms folded indignantly.
“He’s lying! It’s cause I’m smaller, he picks on me cause I’m smaller!” Sleipnir shouted, petulant. “I don’t care who started it." Loki said, amicably, looking at both his sons.  “You do not fight each other in that way, never put your hands on him like that again, do you understand me?” “Yes mama…” they replied, in tandem. After Loki issued what he called ‘punishment’ (which was no tv for a week), he went back to finishing up dinner, and waited for the rest of the family to get home. “I’m home!” a boyish yell came from the front door.
James waltzed in, happy as a lark, kissing his mother on the cheek and picking up one of the twins, spinning him around with an elated giggle. “What’s got you in such a good mood?” Loki asked, smiling at his son’s joy. James looked around at him, smile beaming as bright as the sun, and Loki could swear he saw Steve in that grin. “Got a text from daddy today.” He said, bouncing. Loki’s mood immediately fell. “Really? What does it say?” he asked, trying to sound nonchalant.  And failing miserably. “Well, he’s okay, the base had an attack a week ago but everything is stable now.  By the way he’s getting discharged in a few weeks and he wants me and Nat to spend the entire summer with him! Isn’t that great mom, the whole summer?  I’ve never had that before.” James said, rapid fire and practically vibrating. “Discharged, huh? I thought he’d grow old in the army, become a general and all that.” Loki mused, unimpressed.  Steve had a tendency of telling his children these things and then changing his mind because ‘America needs him’.  Loki wasn’t about to let Natasha and James get their hopes up. “Nah, he says he’d miss us too much, you included.” James replied, still smiling. “Go wash up for dinner.” Loki said to all three, “And someone call Natasha and tell her that she should be home by now, it’s almost six.” “She’s upstairs in her room, mama.  She’s been home for an hour.” Sep yelled. Loki huffed at that. He walked up the stairs and to the end of the hall where Natasha’s room was, knocking lightly on the door. “Busy!” the reply came, sounding strained, and Loki immediately knew that she wasn’t alone. “Hello, Clint.” He said by the door.  “I hope to God you’re using protection.” “Hi, Mr. Larson!” Clint yelped, sounding awkward and ashamed. “Dinner is in an hour.” Loki said, going back down the stairs. Dinner was rather uneventful, Clint had to go home because his foster parents would kill him if he stayed past his curfew, James excused himself early to go Skype with his father and Natasha just took her plate to her room.  So Loki was left with the young ones, as his husband didn’t usually get home until nine or so.  It was around eleven pm when Svad came in, stinking of liquor and stumbling through the house like he had no idea where he was. “You’re home awful late.” Loki said as the bedroom door was pried open and Svad
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Svadilfari/Loki
Frigga/Odin

freeform: 
Dom/sub Undertones
Divorce
Post Mpreg
Domestic Violence
Alpha Natasha
Omega Loki
Alpha Steve Rogers
Nat and Bucky are siblings
Odin's A+ Parenting
Omega Bucky Barnes
Thor Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Loki/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Svadilfari/Loki
Frigga/Odin

