Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter was dozing off a little (He hadn’t gotten much sleep over the weekend), when he heard his biology professor say his name.  “...Peter?”His head jerked up abruptly.  “Huh?”
The class snickered.  The teacher seemed slightly annoyed.
“I said, that in preparation for our upcoming field trip I’ve sent several of your parents emails requesting that they, or adults they trust, attend as chaperones.  That includes yours.”Oh no, Peter thought.  “Um, they’re usually very busy.” He squeaked, “I doubt any of them can come.”“Well I’ve already sent out the emails, so they can tell me that themselves.”  Crap. The bell rang. Everyone started to scramble towards the door.  “Don’t forget to bring a signed permission slip!”  The teacher called after them. Peter moaned to Ned about it at lunch.  “It’s going to be like the Avenger’s Tower trip and PTA meetings rolled into one, but worse.  They’re all going to want to come!”Ned shrugged.  “I don’t know dude.  Avengers chaperoning?  That sounds awesome to me!  I’m really glad that all the Biologies are going.”Peter let out a manly whimper and planted his face into the table, carefully avoiding the questionable school lunch.  “What happened with the Tower and the meetings, anyways?”  Peter lifted his head and sighed.  “Technically the meeting was fine.  Tony and Steve intimidated my old Chemistry teacher, so that was nice.  But they were all arguing over who got to go.  Like, it wasn’t that important.  It was cool though, Bucky bugged them and…”  He trailed off in horror.  “What?”  Ned asked nervously, “What happened?”“Bucky.”  Peter said faintly.  “Shit.”  Ned looked concerned.  “He’s okay, right?”“He’s fine.  I’m not going to be though.”Now Ned looked really worried.  “He’s not going to hurt you is he?”“What, no!”  Peter exclaimed.  “Of course not!  I just realized that he’s probably listening to everything we’re saying.  Which means the Avengers probably already know about the chaperoning.”  He buried his face back into the table with a groan and an audible thunk.Ned patted his shoulder comfortingly.  “Aw, it’ll be okay dude.  So what happened with the tower?  Did everyone figure out that you live there?”“It was actually pretty cool,”  Peter said, brightening, looking up again.  “Natasha and Bucky both threatened Flash.  Everyone still just thinks I intern there.”“So… it wasn’t bad?”  “It ended with me being walked to and from school everyday.”“And you don’t like that?”  Ned asked.Peter chewed his bottom lip, thinking through his answer.
Keeping in mind that Bucky could hear everything, he said carefully, “I do like it.  It makes me feel . . . wanted. But I don’t like them worrying about me so much, I’m sure that they have better things to do with their time.  I just . . . don’t like being a bother to any of them.”  He winced, remembering Bucky and Pepper’s constant reassurances that he wasn’t a bother.  “I-I mean, not a bother, but like, an excess source of stress.”  He corrected lamely.
At least he’d long gotten over the embarrassment and unwanted attention aspect of it.  Steve had agreed not to pick him up anymore, and he had been the most noticeable out of all of them.  (There weren’t as many people around to stare in the mornings.)  Now everyone just accepted that Peter had sort-of bodyguards who were his friends.  Well, besides for Flash, but Peter found himself caring about Flash less and less.  Ned shrugged.  “I honestly don’t see the problem dude. They obviously care about you.”“They love embarrassing me though.  Especially Clint.  Ugh.  But yeah, you’re right, I’m sure it’ll be fine.”  Peter massaged his forehead to get rid of the stress headache that had begun to form.  ----------Later in the day, Clint was waiting for him outside of the school.  He was surrounded by a gaggle of admiring students.  Peter groaned to himself.  Whomever had sent Clint to pick him up alone had clearly forgotten about the archer’s love for attention from children.  He was wondering if he could retreat to a safe distance and shoot Clint a text message (heh, shoot)  when the blond spotted him.  “Hey, Pete!”  The archer waved enthusiastically, breaking out into a huge grin.  Well, a bigger one. He was already smiling pretty widely at his admirers.Peter had no choice but to trot on over.  “Hi, Clint.”  The crowd of students parted for him, which was new.  Clint slung an arm over his shoulders.  “Sorry guys, I gotta take this kid to his job.”  Clint told the crowd remorsefully.  The students looked disappointed but they let them leave with only a few, “It was nice meeting you!”s and “I love you man!”sAs they walked towards the street Clint ducked down a little and whispered in Peter’s ear, “Is that Flash?”
Peter looked over to see Flash off in the distance leaning against the side of the school building and glaring at him per-usual.  He nodded.  Clint narrowed his eyes and did the ‘I’m watching you’ gesture with his fingers at the bully.  He most definitely wasn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & The Avengers

freeform: 
peter and Bucky are pals
The Avengers - Freeform
Superfamily
Field Trip
Fluff
Bullying
Bucky's Cookies
i spent several weeks on this
Please Send Help

fandom: 
Peter Parker & The Avengers

