Chapter 1: Sophomore Year
    




Chapter Text
The first time he hit a roadblock with the Avengers was not when Doc Ock attacked a bank, or a super villain stalked Aunt May, or his full name came out. It was when Clint Barton offered him a drink.Peter blinked. "I'm sorry, what?""A drink, Webhead," Clint said. "It's on me. Today was a rough one."They were in the ruined remains of what had once been a bar, at least before the Hulk got to it. Chairs and debris lay scattered over the floor. Sunset poured through the gaping hole in the roof. A thin layer of dust covered everything. Natasha looked annoyed that it had bothered to blemish her hair. Peter didn't know how she always got out of fights looking viciously perfect.Vision was off searching for Bruce, and Cap and Tony were arguing over something in the corner, their voices not quite low. Falcon was talking to an overly grateful old lady outside. Both Clint and Peter, the sole two near the bar, looked as scorched as they felt."I'm good," Peter said, "thanks. I don't drink."Clint raised an eyebrow. Peter traced the surprise along his expression. It lasted longer than usual."Alright, Webhead," Clint said, before signing, "Whatever you say."The archer poured himself a glass of whiskey on the ruined counter. Mahogany splinters blossomed from its broken center. Peter tried to sooth the sudden unease within him. It was the first time in several months that he thought they might be on to me.The Avengers would not work with an underage superhero.The whole "teaming up with the Avengers" set-up was an accident. Freshman him would have screamed. Sophomore him also screamed, but a little less loudly. And a little less shrilly. And mostly not in front of them. Except Nat and Vision, who definitely heard him. But Nat and Vision heard everything. It wasn't like he was a member or anything. He was mostly there for back-up. Still, the collaboration was going well. Peter supposed that he owed his success to the same man who had dropped a building on him a year ago.The Vulture had catalyzed all this. After the perilous fight to stop The Vulture on Moving Day—which Peter had only known about through eavesdropping on lackies—the Avengers had taken interest in him. It was another three months before they spoke to him. Their rapport on the streets grew from there. Peter was just relieved that he was wiser post Moving Day, which made working with the Avengers easier. I embarrass myself enough, he thought. It would have been worse before that.He frowned at the Scarlet Witch's text. Hey, itsy bitsy spider, it said, could u help me with some research?"Oh, come on!" Peter exclaimed, staring at his cellphone. "Just because they don't know my real name doesn't mean they have to make a spider joke every time. Be more original."Sure, he texted back. Hmu with the topic.It took less than five seconds for the reply. Thanks spidey, it said. You r a real hero.Peter scoffed. "You're darn right. A hero of science and the streets.""Peter! Are you ready to bring your laundry out? Your sheets are filthy!"Aunt May's muffled voice echoed from behind his room door. Peter hastily got up, spilling pencils, papers, and a calculator off his bed. His tracfone landed on the pillow."Coming, Aunt May! I'll be out in a second!"As Peter sorted out his school supplies from the vortex of tangled TMNT sheets, he had a moment to reflect on his phone's scratched screen. Why, he thought, does Wanda always come to me for help? Especially when Bruce is around?Maybe it was time to lie low for a while."Underoos! Are you hanging in there?"Tony's shout crackled through the headpiece. Peter heard his voice in the distance without it. Fire fumed on the pile of rubble nearby. Beams stuck out of the fallen concrete blocks like skeletal bones, leaking molten marrow. Peter tried not to throw up. Don't think about Moving Day, he told himself. Don't think about The Vulture. Or the time the Goblin trapped you in a falling building. You're outside. Breathe. Breathe."I'm fine!" Peter managed to sound stable. "The eight-armed pain-in-the-butt is down. Where are you?""Coming your way," Cap said, causing another crackle in the com line. Peter tried not to flinch. How annoying. He needed to get that fixed. "Falcon and Nat are taking care of the civilians. Vision and Clint are chasing down the octobots. They should be here soon.""Roger that," Peter said, webbing down another one of Doc Ock's free arms. The super villain, stuck under several cement blocks and layers of webbing, groaned. Peter spotted the shine of Cap's shield down the street. Wanda flew behind him, surrounded in a red shimmer, and behind her followed the smoke of Iron Man's suit.Doc Ock muttered something incomprehensible. Peter turned, frowning at him."You brought this on yourself, you know," he said. "If you put your ego to better use then busting buildings and self fellatio we wouldn't be in this situation right now.""Excuse me?""Nothing, Mr. Stark," Peter said. "Just ta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Baby Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Superfamily (Marvel)
kind of
Peter is a decent liar
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Peter is a Little Shit
in hindsight this peter is absolutely an mcu one because he lacks the hot boy rage of og ditko peter

fandom: 
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

