Work Text:
"Now don't forget, team," MJ says as they all make their way out of the room. "Get your parents, or guardians, to sign the slip letting you go to Stark Industries. And it's not my problem if you forget,"There's a chorus of "yeah"'s and an "okay mom", Michelle just rolls her eyes. "Peter."The male in question turns and looks at his Decathlon team leader, letting out a little "hmm?"."Make sure your guardian signs it. This is a good bonding exercise for the team, no excuses." MJ says, sounding threatening. Peter puts his hands up in surrender, "I-I'll make sure he signs it! Don't worry Michelle-""MJ." The girl corrects him. He smiles lopsidedly, before he coughs to cover his goofy grin."Right- sorry- MJ, I'll get him to sign it tonight." Peter says, walking backwards towards the exit with a small smile. Michelle smirks and points at him playfully intimidatingly,"You better, Parker." The teen waves goodbye and leaves the building, finding himself in a deserted hallway. This is what school is like when you've got extracurricular activities."Well if it isn't Penis Parker," Flash says from behind him, spooking the boy. "Finally gonna find out your little internship was all a big lie on Friday, aren't we?" Flash high fives one of his friend's with a smirk on his face.Peter turns away from them and spots Ned waiting at the end of the hall for him. Thank god. "Ned!" Peter shouts, making the other teen turn towards him with a smile."Peter!" Ned greets once his friend gets closer to him. "We still on for tonight?""For sure, you got the Lego's?" He asks, his voice dropping into a hushed whisper.Ned's does the same. Nodding he replies, "Yeah, you got the snacks?"Peter nods as well before he stops and has a thoughtful look on his face. "Well, that is unless Tony ate them all." They both share a laugh and make it outside the school, having lost the bullies on their way out.There's a slick black car waiting for them and Peter pulls open the door for them to get inside. "Hey Happy," He greets, looking in the rear view mirror with a smile. The only way Peter knows Happy heard him, is the little jerk of the driver's head in greeting.Peter slides the door closed and both boys take their seats as they chat away. But before long the conversation comes down to the field trip in a couple days. Peter didn't want to go, mostly because he knew that his family would just have to be there, but he couldn't disappoint Michelle- his team again."So you're gonna get Tony to sign it? How's that gonna look to the others?" Ned asks seriously.Peter shrugs, "I dunno Ned, technically speaking he is my guardian so he's the only one who's really.. allowed to."Ned nods, face still serious, before it breaks out in a smile at Happy's words, "We're here," Happy climbs out of the car and the door opens a few seconds later, as the two boys are picking up their bags off of the floor. Peter hops out, followed by Ned who both follow the driver up to the facility.The door opens at Happy's ID badge and the three enter."Good afternoon, Happy, Peter, and Ned." FRIDAY's voice says through the speakers in the ceilings."Hey Fri," Happy greets, leading them through the building's first floor. Peter and Ned give their greetings to the AI as well, as they follow Happy. "Tap your ID badges on the screen please." FRIDAY speaks, making Ned's eyes light up in wonder."You know- I will never get over how cool she is!" Ned whispers excitedly to Peter. The latter smiles, "I know right?""Why thank you boys," Comes her almost human-like reply.They pull out their ID's and tap them on the screen provided. "Happy Hogan, Alpha Card, Level 10. Welcome," Comes a female robotic voice through the screen."Peter Parker, Alpha Card, Level 10. Welcome," "Ned Leeds, Beta Card, Level 6. Welcome," "How come Mr. Stark only has female AI's?" Ned asks Peter."Well, Ned, it's simply because females are.. well.. better at our jobs most of the time. Isn't that right FRIDAY?" Tony says, stepping out of the elevator.There is a female human-like chuckle from above but nothing more is said from the AI. "Anyways, what are you kids up to?" Tony asks, pulling at the cuffs of his dress shirt."Well we were going to stay up tonight building Lego's and eating snacks-" Tony cut's Ned off."Happy you'll need to go out and buy some more snacks, FRIDAY will send you the list." Happy rolls his eyes with a slight smirk."You ate them all ?" Peter asks, almost impressed.Tony shrugs dramatically, "I'm a hungry guy!" Peter laughs, shaking his head. "And whatever about the snacks, Ned did you make sure your parent's are okay with you sleeping over? It is a school night." Tony sends a pointed look at Peter. "Oh- yes Mr. Stark," Ned throws a thumb over his shoulder at his backpack. "I've got clothes for school tomorrow and they said it's fine!"Tony nods approvingly, "Alright, well Happy you should-"Happy waves him off, "Yeah yeah I gotcha Tony, off to buy the snacks." Tony grins at the man and then turns back towa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
School Trip
Stark Industries
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Flash is a jerk
What else is new
AU: Aunt May is dead
AU: Tony is Peter's guardian
insults thrown by Flash
Protective super-family
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Tony is a dad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter calls him dad at home
and accidentally during the trip
rip Peter's reputation
or lack there of
Dad!Tony
Peter lives at the Avengers Facility
Field Trip
basically peter goes on a trip to Stark Industries
a field trip to home
more like it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

