Work Text:
Peter had been doing research. Okay, maybe it wasn't research in the strictest academic or scientific sense. Maybe, in fact, it was more like watching a lot of online porn, but he'd been taking notes, so that totally counted. (Come to think of it, he wasn't going to tell Tony that he'd been taking notes on porn because sometimes, contrary to popular belief, Peter was capable of not making himself look like an absolute dork.) No, he'd just keep his research to himself until the appropriate time. That time hadn't come quite yet. Right now, they were still mostly dressed, lying on the bed in Tony's apartment--Peter still didn't really think of it as “Tony's bed,” because he knew how little time Tony actually spent in the place when he wasn't with Peter. He sometimes almost let himself think of it as their bed, even though he'd never managed to spend a night there yet. Maybe when he was in college, and Aunt May wouldn't know whether or not he ever made it home at night. Well, Peter was lying on the bed. Tony was mostly lying on Peter, kissing him thoroughly while Peter took advantage of the position and happily groped Tony's ass, just because he could. There'd been a lot of couldn't this week; Tony had been in the R&D labs at Stark Industries when Peter was there for his internship, and that had meant a lot of Tony keeping a noticeable distance from Peter. He'd always been on the other side of the table, or across the room, or angled so that there was no way that he and Peter might accidentally touch one another. There'd been a lot of calling one another “Parker” (or, even worse, “kid”) and “Mr. Stark,” too--which, granted, they sometimes did here, too, but here, it was a lot more fun. There, it had just been a reminder that they had to be careful, because nobody could know about them yet. Not until Peter was older--even though he was seventeen, and technically old enough, Tony was probably right that most people weren't going to understand. But right now, he could touch Tony however he wanted--well, as long as Tony didn't mind, and Peter hadn't yet found anything that he wanted to do that Tony did  mind--and he planned to take advantage of that. Tony kissed him again, the kind of long lingering kiss that left Peter whimpering and squirming underneath him. “That's better,” Tony said a minute later, a little breathlessly. “What is?”“You, paying attention. For a minute there I thought you'd lost interest altogether.” Peter frowned and ran his hands down to Tony's upper thighs. “I'm pretty much always interested. Even when I'm not supposed to be.” He raised his head off the pillow, chasing after Tony's mouth to kiss him again. “You wouldn't believe how hard this week has been.” Tony raised an eyebrow. “I wouldn't? I did spend the past four days watching you try not to drool or spontaneously combust.” That was--okay, that was fair, but it wasn't like he was the only one. “Did you know that this vein right here in your forehead--” Peter abandoned his groping for a moment to trace it with his finger-- “kind of throbs every time I say your name just right?”“That's ridiculous.” “It really isn't, Mr. Stark.” Peter was wrong, though, because the vein didn't throb; instead, Tony kissed him again, hard and possessive, until Peter felt kind of wobbly from it. “Okay,” Peter conceded, aware that his voice was shaking a little but not able to actually care. “Correction: it only throbs if I say your name like that and you can't do anything about it.” “Damn right,” Tony agreed, and kissed him again. “And now here we are, and you can do all kinds of things about it,” Peter added hopefully. “I could, yeah,” Tony said, moving his attention to Peter's ear. Peter hadn't even realized that ears could feel that good, but then, there were a ton of things he hadn't actually realized felt good before a couple of months ago. Being with Tony was a crash course in unexpected things that felt really good. Peter couldn't wait until he moved up to the advanced class. Peter made some kind of embarrassingly pitiful noise when Tony nibbled gently at his earlobe. “Why don't you?” “You know the deal.” Oh, yeah, their deal. The deal where Tony still worried about being a creepy old guy hitting on a high school student, so if Peter wanted something, he had to ask for it. Out loud, using actual words, because Tony kept insisting that if Peter couldn't say it, he wasn't ready to do it. So far, he'd held Peter to that, too, as frustrating as that could get. Peter sighed. “Could we, um. We could start with less clothes?” At least Tony didn't expect him to be really precise with what he asked for. Tony grinned down at him. “That works.” He sat up on his knees, straddling Peter's thighs, and took off his shirt. “Pants too?” Peter nodded. “Yes, please.” Tony moved over so that he could get out of his dark gray dress pants. Peter was pretty sure he was staring, but he couldn't make himself care. He hadn't managed to get used to this yet--to the idea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Age Difference
slight praise kink
Daddy Kink
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

