Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Samma?”“Yeah kiddo?” Sam asks, not turning away from the counter where he’s chopping veggies for dinner. Keeping Steve fed is no small task.Steve doesn’t reply, there’s just the scuffing of feet on the floor, so Sam sets his knife down and turns. He goes very, very still.Steve’s standing in the entrance to their kitchen, barefoot and tousled hair, looking pretty little. All of that is ordinary enough. Sam’s been Steve’s official caretaker for six months now, two of which were spent on the road searching for Barnes until Steve ran himself into the ground and Sam made a unilateral decision that it had to stop.Behind Steve is Barnes.He’s wearing a dark hoodie and too big sweats, head ducked low with lank hair hanging in his face. Steve is carefully holding his hand and Barnes is half hidden behind Steve. Sam studies the pair for a long moment.Finally, he shoots a stern glance Steve’s way.The boy could have mentioned that Barnes is a  little.  Steve had been so vocal about the fact that they couldn’t leave Barnes out there alone, but he’d never said more than  he can’t be alone. Those words make a lot of sense now.Sam takes a deep breath, trying to adapt to this information as quickly as possible. Barnes is dirty and too thin and clearly needs some looking after and Sam can’t possibly turn him away without forever alienating Steve — not that Sam would  want to turn him away. This is just a tricky situation, all round, and he’s going to have to tread carefully.“Well hi,” Sam finds himself saying.“Bucky needs help,” Steve explains, taking a couple steps further into the kitchen.Sam nods slowly, “Alright, hon. Why don’t we all come sit down and figure this out, okay?”“Uh-huh, Samma,” Steve says easily, pulling Bucky gently after him as he walks into the room. “You sit here, Bucky. I’ll sit next to you, ‘kay?” Steve guides, pulling out a chair. Sam finds a well of fondness rising up in him. Steve’s such a sweet kid. Barnes follows Steve’s directions and soon they’re all sitting around the table.Sam waits a moment, trying to find the right words. Steve’s sitting there looking all anxious and young, biting at his finger the way he only does when he’s feeling really insecure. Barnes sits perfectly straight and directs his gaze at the table, not glancing up.God, Sam thinks suddenly, he couldn’t imagine the sort of horrible things HYDRA must have done to him. He wonders how often Bucky had been forced to be little around them — he couldn’t have survived all those years without going little. Biologically it just wasn’t possible. Fuck, Sam doesn’t want to imagine a little at the mercy of those assholes.Decided, Sam speaks. “I’m real glad you came to us, Bucky.” Sam uses his gentlest tone as he speaks to the little. “I know it can be scary to ask for help and it was really brave of you to come find Steve.”Steve scooched his chair closer to Bucky, leaning towards him. Bucky leans back.“You’re safe here,” Sam continues. “And you can stay as long as you want, okay?”Bucky nods, hair falling into his face.“I told you Samma would take care of you,” Steve says, his confidence in Sam breathtaking. “It’s going to be okay. We’re together again.”  Bucky nods again, but doesn’t speak. That’s alright, Sam figures. There’s a whole lot of trauma in there and he can’t even hope to start unpacking it yet.“I think first things first is a bath, some clean clothes and some food, whaddya think?” Bucky glances up at that, shy blue eyes peeking out from behind dark lashes. Sam puts on his friendliest and most comforting smile and tentatively, Bucky nods. “Would you like Steve to come with us?”Bucky’s hand shoots out and grabs Steve’s again, whole body going tense. Sam lifts his hands cautiously, showing he’s not going to do anything.“I’m not going to make him leave,” Sam assures quickly. “I just wanted to give you the choice, okay?”“Stay,” Bucky says, voice tiny. Sam smiles and nods quickly.“Of course, Bucky. If you want Steve to stay, he’ll stay. Let’s go start the bath, okay?” Bucky ducks his chin again and doesn’t respond.Steve, on the other hand, tugs gently at Bucky’s hand and says, “C’mon Bucky. This house has got a ginormous tub and the water’s always hot and Samma gots me lots of toys.”Sam smiles a little wider and stands, leading the way into their roomy bathroom. It had been one of the main selling points of the house they’re renting, as Steve was considerably bigger than most littles and accomodations had to be made. It’s also got three bedrooms, allowing Steve to have a room for when he’s little and when he’s big, which is nice.Crouching down by the tub, Sam starts the water — nice and hot, the way Steve likes it. He pours in a generous amount of bubble bath. That done, Sam collects two big, plush towels, one of them printed with whales and the other with sharks, and a stack of washcloths. These he sets down on the counter and turns back to the boys.Steve’s already tugging his t-shirt off, getting a little
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Littles Are Known
caregiver!Sam
little!steve
Little!Bucky - Freeform
Wetting
Diapers
Bathing/Washing
Hurt/Comfort
Trauma
Bed-Wetting
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Crying
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Panic Attacks
Recovery
Disordered Eating
Therapy
Self-Esteem Issues
OCD
Separation Anxiety
Family
Family Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Found Family

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

