Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Soul mate, Soul fate,
What have you got for me…”
The high-pitched sing-song chant filtered in through the open window and woke Phil Coulson from his doze with a groan. The sun was up, but barely. Since when did kids get up so early? And why did the ones in the yard next-door insist on skipping all the time? And with rhymes? While he definitely appreciated the vintage aesthetic, was it still the actual 50’s?
“Soul mate, Soul fate,
Who’s it gonna be?”
Great, now he was going to have that rhyme going round and round in his head all day. Perfect when he would be trying to make a good impression on his first morning in his new posting. He levered himself out of bed and stumbled towards the shower, memory automatically filling in the rest of the chant along with the children’s voices and the rhythmic slap of the turning rope,
“First you find,
And then you bind,
And after that,
Well, never-you-mind….
Soul mate, Soul fate…..”
The chant went round and round and once under the water, head clearing a bit, he smiled to himself. Kids had been singing that particular rhyme since time immemorial and he guessed they always would. Hell, he’d sung it himself when he was their age, though his Mother hadn’t really approved of the last…yep, there it was. The frustrated cry of,
“Tara! How many times have I told not to sing that song! What will the neighbours say?”
was muffled a little by the sound of the shower but still unmistakeably a Mother at full-throttle and the little voices dissolved into a chorus of “awww, Mooooom” before they gave in. The silence lasted only a few seconds before the rope started again, this time with a rhyme Phil didn’t recognise. 
He rinsed the shampoo from his hair and chuckled. He’d be willing to bet that the kids didn’t have any idea what they were singing about anyway with regards to never-you-mind, he certainly hadn’t back then. But he remembered being their age, when the whole concept of soulmates had been just so…fascinating. To think that there was someone out there, perfect to make you happy and for you to make happy in turn. Everyone had their words, written on their skin from birth, and to be so close to the age when they’d actually become readable and not just a set of dots and lines, to know what words your soulmate would say to you that would allow you to find them, it had all been the topic of endless school-yard conversations and hysteria when he was ten or eleven. 
Of course, after puberty kicked in and they’d realised that they didn’t necessarily have to find or bind before the ‘never-you-mind’ there had been other, more…immediate things to talk about. Hormones, crushes and the agonies of dating had taken the focus off the soulmate question a little. But still, almost everyone speculated what their words would say, or what their friends would have and what kind of person it would lead them to, what kind of a life it would bring. 
What kind of a life…. Phil sighed and shut off the water.
He resolutely didn’t look at his words, while he towelled off. Or while he dressed in his new suit (impeccably tailored as always but perhaps in fabric a little more costly now that he was graduated from the training academy and posted. Nothing showy, but he was a full-fledged Agent now, and he was determined to look it).
 He never looked at his words if he could help it. 
The day they came in, he’d been so excited, nervous but excited, and dying to know what they would reveal about his eventual soulmate. Sent home from school by knowingly-smiling teachers because he couldn’t stop scratching at the place where they scrawled across his chest and almost maddened by the heat and itch, he’d endured the world’s longest bus-ride and then almost given his Mom a coronary by bursting into the house and stripping off his shirt right then and there in front of the big hallway mirror. She’d come to stand beside him, taken his hand while he’d stared and strained until his eyes watered. Then, at last, the marks seemed to shift on his skin and suddenly, they were words. He’d read them and gasped, felt the blood draining from his face.
“Well?” His Mom had asked, “Can you read them?”
It had been the first time he’d been glad that only you could read your soulwords, at least until you found and matched your soulmate. Glad that, to her, they remained a random pattern of marks.
“Yes.”
“And?” She’d been so pleased for him, so eager for any hint of his future.
“And yes, I can read them.”
He’d picked up his shirt, kissed her on the cheek and gone up to his room before his face could give him away. She’d never asked again, and he’d never told. He didn’t need to see his Mother cry.
With a start Phil came back to himself, realised he’d been staring in the mirror, glaring at his shirt as if daring it to reveal the words it covered. He shook his head; he did not have time this morning to be gnawing on old and pointless bones. He wasn’t a kid anymore he was a grown man and he had new, important work to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

freeform: 
phlint - Freeform
SHIELD Husbands
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Recruitment fic
Get together fic
eventually
SHIELD
Pre-Avengers (2012)
Canon can do one
Canon-Typical Violence
angst by the bucket
Tagged T because swearing
References to unhappy childhoods
Injury (minor)
conversation about suicidal tendencies
not as bad as it sounds!
Fluffy Moments
typically clueless Clint and Phil
Hurt/Comfort
Pining
no more tags because spoilers
rating increased for final chapter
at reader's request

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson

