Chapter 1





Chapter Text


                      Tony’s eyes land on Steve’s hand pulling down his zipper, listening to the button pop and the relieved sigh that passes his lips as he releases his aching erection.
~*~

            “What are you thinking about?”

            There’s a pause, heavy in the air, 
before Steve responds surely. “How I want to spend my life with you.”

            “That’s a pretty dumb way to spend your time.”

            “Maybe, but….”

            “Oh, come on. Don’t leave me hanging.”

            “I was thinking…maybe…when you have your next heat, I could—I don’t know. I’d like to be with you.”

            “Steve, I don’t think you want that. Heats are ugly.”

            “Heats are a moment of passion and beauty—not that you aren’t beautiful all the time.”

          Tony sighs. 
“Okay. You know what? Sure, let’s do it. I’ll uh, give you a heads up when it’s time. Look, I gotta go. I’ll see you at—”

            “Tony, 
wait.”

            “Hm?”

            “Are you okay?”

           Tony shifts his weight, crossing his arms." 
Yeah. Why wouldn’t I be?”
~*~            Right knee to his chest, the other splayed open—there’s a cooing in his ear and a heavy hand in his hair, fingers inside him and a muscled chest beneath him. It’s a one-way route to pleasure and submission.            They’ve never gone further than this—he isn’t sure he wants to go further—            “It’s okay, Tony. Just tell me what you need.”            —but at the first opportunity for more, he’d take it.            He stills the hand inside him and takes a moment to breathe.~*~
            “So, uh, what’s the deal with all this? The courting thing?”

            “What do you mean?”

            “You don’t have to do nice things for me, or anything, just tell me what you want. New bike, better flat screen, a vacation….”

            “Okay. I’ll let you know when I think of something.”

            “Jesus, finally! That’s what I’ve been waiting for.”

            “Oh my God, Tony, I was 
.”

            “Oh. Was it the vacation part? Did I oversell it? Sorry, I just don’t know what you want from me and it’s really making me frustrated—”

            “I just want to be your friend. Can’t I have that? Not everybody wants a piece of you, Tony, I swear. You gotta believe that.”

            “I’ve only made three friends in my entire lifetime and I’m not about to ask for more, 

            “It’s okay, calm down. It’s okay. Come here.”

            Silvery tears stray from Tony’s lost eyes. Strong arms pull him close, shielding him like he’s something precious. “I’m a flesh wound, Steve. I could bleed out and you wouldn’t be able to stop it—with just three words, you could end it all for me.”

            “I just want to know everything about you. I want to know what makes you smile—what makes you laugh. I want to know what gets you up in the morning, 
what gets you excited. I’ve been trying to repress these feelings for a long time—hey, look at me—but it’s only been causing you and I pain. You can’t deny that. Really though, am I asking for too much?”

            “ 
No.”

            “I hope one day, you’ll let me claim you, Tony. Omega of mine.”
~*~            Steve nuzzles Tony’s hair, breathing in ocean spray, lemon grass, and sweat. Tony often talks about the beaches in California and there’s always a little tenderness in Steve’s heart whenever he thinks about taking him there. Tony would glow gold in the sun and his lean body would command the waves. He’d be every bit of the confident man Steve knows him to be…and the omega he wants to claim.            “I need to be on my knees.”            “That’s a big step to take.”            “I need to.”            “Okay. On your knees, then.”            Tony shivers when the cold wood touches his shins. This is okay. He has a clearer objective down here. Not as pleasurable as spreading his legs and letting Steve have his way with him, but less open. More secure.            Instincts say to suck Steve down and never let him go, even if he begs. For now, he rubs his hands up and down Steve’s thighs, waiting for a command. For anything, really.            He isn’t ready when Steve leans down and kisses him. It lasts for a long time and when they pull apart, he feels undone. Breathless. Shocked. A little dazed. The sunset is painting Steve’s skin a majestic shade of            Tony wants to taste him.            “I know I haven’t fully submitted yet, but I’m getting there.”            “Is this still something you want?”            “This is something I can’t live without.”            “Then I’m happy to see this through to the end. The good, the bad, and the ugly.” Coincidentally, as Steve says this, a vivacious bouquet of red roses catches his eye. With gentle fingers, he takes one from the vase, inhaling its sweet fragrance. “Everything in this stunning. I don’t know how you managed it all. You can see miles of ocean and feel like you’re flying with the birds fr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Knotting
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Aftercare
Alternate Universe
Light Dom/sub
Light Angst
Tony Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

