Work Text:

Tony had just laid down in bed when FRIDAY’s voice came over the speakers.


“Mr. Parker has just left the building in his Spider-Man costume, boss.”


Tony groaned as he rolled over, rubbing his hands over his tired, burning eyes.


“What the hell is doing going patrolling at--” he glanced at the clock by his bed, “

four-fucking-thirty 

in the morning.”


“He appears to be sitting on the roof, boss.”


“What?” Tony peaked out from between his fingers to stare at the ceiling. “He’s not out… Spider-Man-ing?”


“No, Boss. He appears to just be sitting on the roof in the Spider-Man costume.”


Tony let out an elongated groan before climbing out of bed.


“This kid will be the death of me,” he grumbled, pulling his pants back on and grabbing a hoodie.


He pulled it on and zipped it up as he walked down the hall and through the living room, grabbing the Star Wars throw blanket from the couch as he walked by. He eyed the landing pad for a moment before moving toward the elevator instead.


“He still on the roof, FRY?”


“He hasn’t moved for the last thirty minutes, boss.”


“Okay,” Tony said, stepping into the elevator and pressing the button for the roof. “Time for ‘20 Questions with Spider-Kid.’”


He shivered when the doors opened and freezing wind blew his hair back from his face. He stepped out and looked across the roof. He felt his stomach clench when he saw Peter in his Spider-Man costume sitting on the edge with his legs dangling over the edge. He was sitting with his arms crossed hunched over himself, his head hanging down looking at his lap.


He walked over slowly, making sure to make his footsteps louder so Peter would definitely hear him coming. Once he got close enough, he crouched down and lifted the Star Wars blanket, wrapping it around Peter’s shoulders.


“Why don’t we scoot back from the edge there, yeah?” Tony said softly, rubbing one of Peter’s shoulders.


Peter didn’t say anything or look at him but he nodded, lifted his legs, and spider-crawled back away from the ledge. Once he was back far enough he crossed his legs and went back to the position he was sitting in before.


Tony looked down at him, taking in the closed off posture, unsure what to do, and decided to sit down next to the kid. Peter didn’t make any move, simply continuing to stare down at his lap.


They sat in silence for a few minutes, Peter keeping his mask on and his eyes down while Tony glanced back and forth between Peter and looking out at the skyline. He clasped his hands together and twiddled his thumbs for a moment before he decided he couldn’t take the silence anymore.


“Rough night?”


“Sorry,” Peter said softly, still not looking at Tony, “I know you said I’m not allowed out after one on weekends.”


“It’s okay,” Tony reassured him, now less concerned about the fact Peter had gone out after curfew and more concerned about the 

why

.


Peter grew quiet again, but Tony didn’t have the patience to wait for the stubborn kid to start talking.


“Wanna talk about it?” Tony asked quietly.


“I didn’t mean to wake you,” Peter said instead, ignoring Tony’s question. “I’m sorry I woke you up.”


“Well,” Tony sighed, “technically I hadn’t really gone to bed yet, so… you didn’t.”


“Still,” Peter said, suddenly sounding choked up, “I’m sorry if I’m being a bother.”


“What? You’re not a bother, Peter.”


Tony felt his alarm raise when Peter gave a little sniffle.


“Woah, hey,” Tony said gently, turning his body more towards Peter. “Hey, look at me.”


Peter wrapped his arms tighter around himself, but lifted his head to look at Tony. Tony stared into the white, slanted eyes of the Spider-Man mask.


“Mask 

off

, kid.”


Peter hesitated for a second before gingerly lifting his hands to pull his mask off. He stared down at it in his hands for a moment before turning to look at Tony again. Tony felt a pang in his chest when he saw how red Peter’s eyes were, unshed tears in his eyes.


“What’s all this for,” Tony said, lifting a hand to rest on the back of Peter’s neck. Peter’s eyes flickered back down to his mask.


“I didn’t want to bother you,” he said so quietly Tony almost didn’t hear. “I had a… I had a nightmare but I didn’t want you to know because I didn’t want you to think I was being weak or stupid so I came up here to talk to Karen about it but then FRIDAY told you and you came up 

anyway, 

and I--”


“Hey, hey, hey,” Tony interrupted, squeezing the nape of Peter’s neck, “take a minute. Breathe. It’s okay.”


Peter nodded jerkily, sucking in a deep, ragged breath, his fingers toying with the mask in his hands.


“Okay,” Tony said after a while once Peter’s breathing had evened out, “first things first. Peter, I am probably the 

last 

person on Earth who can call someone weak for having a 

nightmare

.”


Peter didn’t say anything but gave another little sniffle, his hands clenching around the mask.


“Second of all,” Tony continued, “I would never 

ever 

think you are weak 

or 

stupid, ok
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Nightmares
Fluff
Light Angst
Mild Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

