Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Thor tilted his head back, and watched the inverted form of Jane scurry about the labs.  He thought he'd like Norway, with its homages to his people, but he found it cold, and strangely empty.  Beautiful, with sweeping, watercolor landscapes and fresh mountain air but...sterile. Dead. He missed the city terribly. Jane's lab was quiet, only him and non-sequential chirping of Jane's machines to offer any sound.  Jane rarely spoke, and when she did it was under her breath and to herself. Before, when Jane lost herself to the stars, he'd easily found comfort and companionship in the Lady Darcy.  But she had not accompanied Jane, and when asked, Jane hadn't offered an explanation. Thor hoped she was well, wherever she be, for he'd grown fond of her brash, wild spirit.  She'd have offered some type of entertainment in these empty moments, music, or stories, or pictures from her phone. Perhaps Thor would get a phone. Perhaps he’d call her. He looked out the window, to the cosmos he once called home.  They were beautiful, yes, but they did not enrapture his heart like they did to Jane.  They did not call to him, and they offered little mystery. They were simply stars. Thor missed New York. He missed the Iron Tower, and he missed his companions. He looked at Jane, once more. She was beautiful, and she had passions. But they were not his passions.  Thor was a warrior, not suited for idle days. He liked the battle, and spice and  life . He liked the wildness the crush of Earth had brought, the spontaneity of Midgard people not steeped in ancient custom. He liked surprise. He liked to do, and not think. He really liked to  do  , and since his return... There hadn't been much  done . He had once found her reticence for engagement outside the bedroom to be charming.  But such winsome pleasures had lost their delight when other pleasures - ones she’d limited to the privacy of their shared quarters were staunchly limited to the dawning hours of what scarce days Jane deign to visit their shared bed and not cast herself to dreaming on the couch he now sat upon.   On Asgard, it was long since taught that the rarity of fruits made for the sweetest bite.  Perhaps that could be true, but what had been rare now seemed barren, and scarcity had made him sour. Hard up, Stark had called such situations.  And Thor felt as such.  Hard up.  Had their passions fizzled? He knew such things came with long companionship, but he was  young , and their relations new.  Sweet Jane, dressed in his Midgard attire, the soft fabric dwarfing her little frame.  Jane was small, even by this realms standards, a waif of a creature really. She had seemed so ethereal when first they met, willowy and thin-limbed like something out of a fairy-tail.  Undressing her that first time had seemed magical, the shape of her body so strange and otherworldly, Thor still considered it a gift. She was not a solid lass, not a shieldmaiden or warrior, like those of his planet.  Even the common people of Asgard were born with strength and curve, but Jane...she was bewitching as a wisp, lighting up a new and different path. He would never deny he liked the difference in their forms. The smallness of her shape made him feel bigger, stronger. It was a vanity he had yet to shake, one that made his mother shake her head at him, and one he was fairly certain he might never grow out of. Small women, small  Midgardian  women, he liked them. Beautiful, delicate, tiny Jane.  It was disheartening to learn that her bewitching smallness came with a fragility he had never encountered, but there was merit to it too. Jane had taught him a tenderness he had never bothered to learn before and it had served him well on this, her delicate realm.  He was not disappointed in their lovemaking;  when  she came to bed with him, well and truly they came together.  She had her passions and he enjoyed them; he had a sense that she would not enjoy his in turn. Not violence. Never that. The warrior he may be, there was a time and place for bloodshed and he had no taste for such between sheets.  Just something...more hearty. There were times -mostly when he lay awake and alone in their quarters while she tinkered with the stars - that he missed the careless rough and tumble of bedding the statuesque women of Asgard. If for no reason but the hearty Warriors Welcome.  Thor had been gone some time by Midgardian standards - three months, six days, four hours and some many minutes. He had hoped Jane would welcome him a little more heartedly, but as it were - she’d barely noticed his return. He did miss her. Greatly. But his heart, he was beginning to realize, was not in Norway.  He picks up a book - a thick, heavily illustrated tomb of Norse Mythology that Darcy had gifted him - and scribbles a new correction, a new annotation.  *** It was the silence that agitated him.  A storm rolled overhead, unforeseen, and Jane’s mouth grew tight when she looked at him. “Can you not?” Outside
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Crock Pot
Body Worship
Thor/Jane Breakup
Light BDSM
Jealousy
Rough Sex
Voyeurism
Worship
Alternate Universe - Gods & Goddesses
Old Norse
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Blasphemy
a few OC's - Freeform

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis/Thor

