Work Text:
It is numbness and it is agonizing pain, taking their turns on ruling Thor’s mind. Around him lies the death of the last survivors of Asgard. Bodies reaching for weapons, clutching hands over wounds, and some so peaceful they might as well be sleeping.
Thor has an arm slung over his brother, as if to shield him. Before him stands Thanos, purple skin illuminated by the same hue echoed all around the ship. Power surges through the wreckage, seeking to destroy what is left of it. The words of the tall child of Thanos, the one who would speak regardless of the screams around him, preach to dead ears, are stuck on a loop in Thor’s head; You may think this is suffering. No. It is salvation.
The gloved fist is clenched and the ship groans. The light is so bright now that he can barely see anything. Thor wants to pick his brother up and run away from this, all of it, so far that they could pretend it never happened. He looks down at Loki. His brother’s eyes do not see. But they still hold the fear that they died with.

It is salvation. Salvation. Salvation.

Thor screams as Power surrounds him, sickly purple, until it is all encompassing and it hits him that he might be the last that is left of Asgard, and thus Asgard will die as he does.

 
Thor survives. Some part of him wishes that he had not.
It is revenge that guides him to Nidavellir. It is hurt channeled into anger, alongside strength borrowed from the All-fathers of old, that gives him the power to withstand the raw power of a neutron star. Grief leads him to Midgard where he blasts the army of fleshy, multi-limbed monsters who fight the humans. It is as if he does everything mechanically until he sees it – him. And then his mind awakens and he feels the loss, the sorrow as if he was there again, aboard his ship with his extinguished people and a dead brother in his arms.
He plants his axe in Thanos’ chest. For a moment he revels in it, it is anger and euphoric joy as the purple bitch seems to falter and slowly die. But Thor should have known that is not all it takes to kill the one who wields all of the infinity stones.
The gauntlet twitches. Fingers begin to move to a close, to unleash the power of the stones once more, just like it had closed into a fist and wiped out everyone on the Statesman, every last Asgardian woman and child; just as it had closed around Loki’s throat.
Thor roars in grief and desperation. In agony. He lets go of the axe and slams a fist down onto one of the gauntlet’s knuckles – he knows not which one – and tries to tear the thing to shreds with his bare hands.
Something breaks loose. Then the world fills with a strange yet familiar shade of green.
He hears Thanos’ cry before everything is gone.

Where would you like to go? I’m so tired. Please, let me go home.

There is still a green tint to his vision when he opens his eyes again. The eye Rocket gave him still sits strange in its socket, does not really do what he wants it to, has a mind of its own. He is too fixated at getting it to work properly at first that he does not register his surroundings.
It is the same woods as before, the same warm climate, but everything is eerily silent.
‘Thanos? Thanos, show yourself and meet your death!’ He carries on shouting, anger rising like bile in his throat. Is it over? Is everyone else dead? He needs to kill, Thanos needs to be dead at his feet, Thor will not rest until that happens.
The world is desolate. The wind is the only answer he gets, and it answers him from above – no, that is no wind, it is air being pushed away by a descending aircraft. The leaves on the trees tremble and the world shakes for a moment until the engines still. A woman dressed in a warrior’s garb steps out of the ship and walks up to him.
‘What is your business here?’
‘What happened? The fight, Thanos, did we win? Where is everyone?’
She studies him for a few moments. Her eyes are guarded, she does not trust him.
‘I am on your side,’ he tries, for perhaps she fears him to be another of Thanos’ abominations.
‘Really.’ She sounds sceptical.
‘I need to speak with someone. One of the Avengers-’
‘I know not what you speak of, but I can assure you there are no Avengers here. You are trespassing on Wakandan soil-’
‘What do you mean there’s no-’
He realises that the world is changed. The woods are not ablaze, there are no armies clashing against each other and neither are there casualties littering the ground. Thor realises that this looks nothing like the battlegrounds he was fighting in just a few moments ago. Then he realises that his whole body is in terrible pain, and that the pain is coming from his clenched fist.
He looks down. In his hand lies Time.
‘Distinguished warrior, would you tell me what year it is?’
‘It is 2011 by Christian counting. Why?’
He nods once to her, a form of thanks. Treacherous hope that he knows he could lose all too easily bubbles up in his stomach.
‘Forgive me, I did not mean to trespass. I will leave you in peace. I mean no harm
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Time Travel Fix-It
Infinity War Spoilers!
basically the time stone fixes everything and we can be happy again
i wrote this in post infinity war denial
join me in ignoring canon

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

