Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony doesn’t know how long it’s been. It feels like a million years but it also feels like five seconds ago, and sometimes he startles himself out of his stupor because he can still feel the ash on his hands. Right after the kid disappeared, most of it had been carried away in the wind, but some of it was there, on the ground, and half of it was all over him. Tony had panicked, half wanting to get it off, fucking get it off, half desperately needing to save it, because maybe that could help, maybe if he kept the ashes—he could get the kid back. Because this couldn’t be an actual thing that was actually happening. Supposedly, days are passing, but he can’t really find it in him to count them, or participate in them, or do anything that’s of worth to anybody. His uselessness is a fucking plague. He made it home, the whole thing is a blur but he knows the blue chick was involved, he can barely remember her name, and as soon as he made it back to the streets of New York, he nearly got hit by a car trying to find Pepper. He was so single-minded he could barely see anything else, could barely hear the screaming, people that were yelling his name. Iron Man’s back, ladies and gentlemen, please save the rotten vegetables for when he’s ready to receive them. It was like there was ash everywhere, covering everything, and there was another pile once he got inside. He’d almost fucking stepped in it and he’d nearly lost it then, because if both Pepper and the kid were gone he knew he was inches from a complete system shutdown, but she came skidding around the corner with squeaking sneakers and caught him before he toppled to the ground. She held him for a long time, and he could barely hear her, to the point where he wondered if something was wrong with his fucking ears or if it was all in his head, this goddamn ringing, this absence of sound like the silence of space but he could hear her shushing him, could hear her saying his name, not asking because she knew. She knew the world fucking ended. “Happy’s okay,” he heard Pepper say, gripping the back of his neck like she was afraid he was going to disintegrate too.
I don’t wanna go, I don’t wanna go, Mr. Stark—
Tony closed his eyes tighter and clung to her like a child. Like Peter clung to him.“That was…that was Amanda, the new PA, a bunch—a bunch of them were here, overall we were—we were lucky, but I didn’t want—I didn’t want to—”“Kid’s gone,” Tony said. “The kid’s gone. Peter’s gone.”He didn’t find out who else was gone until that night. Everyone had been trying to contact him by any means possible, he had upwards of two hundred messages, and a few of them were from Steve. He sounded broken too, not the normal brokenness of Captain America but something else now, that kind of failure that Tony felt in his chest and in his gut like someone sawing out his insides. He thought it was because he was blaming himself, another familiar feeling, but then he heard that Barnes was on the list of the lost and he understood a little better. I hope you’re okay Steve had said. I hope you’re okay, I just—I hope you get to listen to this. If you do, please get a hold of me. I just—God, we need to—we need to figure something out. I hope you’re there. I hope you made it.That’s when Tony locked himself away in his office.He doesn’t know how long it’s been. He knows somewhere in there Pepper tentatively broke the news about May Parker, and Peter’s friend Ned, and it felt like a couple mini explosions went off in Tony’s head, rupturing something, breaking something important. He wonders what kind of randomness that purple asshole bought into, how it chose who to steal and who to leave behind. Tony feels insane. He tries to work through all the information in his head and flip through it like a giant book entitled Failures of Tony Stark, because that’s the world’s story now, Iron Man flew to space and then the world fucking ended. It hits him sometimes that this happened everywhere, not just Earth—Universe—the entire fucking universe was split open and decimated because he couldn’t do his job.
Mr. Stark, I don’t feel so good, I don’t know what’s happening—
Tony smacks his own temple hard, twice, gritting his teeth. “Alright, alright, I can’t keep—” He can’t keep hearing it but he knows he goddamn deserves to hear it. They all fucked it up, Earth’s mightiest heroes his goddamn ass, they fucked it up, they failed, and now they’re paying for it with the horror reel playing in all of their heads.His is the kid. The kid begging, holding him so tight, like he thought Tony could do something, could save him. And Tony should have been able to fix it. He should have stopped it. Long before that moment. He should have anticipated it, should have nipped it in the bud and stomped out the grape prick before he got his bracelet bedazzled—but instead the closest thing Tony had to a son died in his arms. Pete
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Bucky Barnes Feels
Precious Peter Parker
Important Emotional Connections
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
background Pepper Potts/Tony Stark - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker

