Work Text:

The tension in the air has just begun to settle when Peter hears, “Why would I put eggs in you?”




He jumps about eight good feet into the air (thank you, low gravity and spider powers), involuntarily letting out a sharp cry of surprise. When he turns around he only sees the girl with the antenna, Mantis, staring at him with huge black eyes. 




Peter clears his throat, trying and failing to regain his composure. “Sorry— um, what’d you say?”




“Earlier,” Mantis tells him with an awkwardly placed hand gesture. “You said, ‘please don’t put your eggs in me’. Two times.”





“Oh. Oh, that,” Peter says sheepishly. Somehow he feels almost guilty for letting something so stupid— and potentially offensive, apparently— slip out of his mouth while he’d been frantically scrabbling away from her. “I just— I didn’t know what you were, see— or I didn’t know 

who 

you were, whether you were working for Thanos, and so I automatically assumed you were an alien, and when you started coming towards me I just— I—”





“I 

am

 an alien,” Mantis says with a slightly confused frown.





“Huh?”





“So are you.” She points at him when she says this. Peter blinks dumbly down at her outstretched finger. “You are from Earth. We are not. So you are an alien to all of us, too.”





Peter mulls that over for a long moment. Her bug-like eyes do not leave his face; it’s strangely invasive, a bit uncomfortable, yet somehow not threatening. When words fail to form themselves coherently in his mind, he finally just settles for a small, “Oh.”





Mantis’ face suddenly contorts in a strange way, her jaw drawing back, and she bares her teeth at him. Her eyes grow beady and thin. Peter makes a small noise of alarm, his heart rate escalating as he takes a small, subconscious step back.





Mantis instantly reverts back to her previous state, glassy-eyed and confused. “Did I scare you?”





“I— what were you just…?”





“It is called 

smiling

,” Mantis explains. 





“Oh,” Peter says breathlessly. 

Don’t stare, 

he chides himself internally, but wouldn’t it be kind of rude to look away at this point? His mind raced over his options— stare, ignore her— finally he lets a small, tentative smile spread on his face. Mantis, unsurprisingly, returns it, and Peter braces himself so he doesn’t flinch this time. 





This time, though, it’s more natural, much more relaxed. A real, radiant smile lights up her features and Peter’s eyes widen with astonishment. 

Cute.






“That’s good!” Peter exclaims, unable to suppress his genuine excitement. “That one was really good!”





Mantis’s face glows with pride. “Was it really?”





“Yes! Nice!” Peter extends his hand to her for a high-five. She stares at his open palm for a moment before her face pulls back into its usual bewildered frown and all the triumph drains from Peter’s spirit in an instant.





“What are you doing?” she asks him flatly.





“It’s a high-five,” he explains. “See, look, you just touch your hand to mine.”





Mantis blinks. She raises her hand and gently brushes her hand against Peter’s. Her skin is cool— Peter isn’t sure what he expected, but he’d thought the texture would be more rough, more scaly than human skin, but her hands are soft and smooth. 





He laughs awkwardly. “It’s supposed to be more like a slap,” he tells her.





Peter’s head starts ringing all of a sudden. He can’t even start to identify the danger his senses are screaming at him about when sharp pain explodes through his face with enough force to send him sprawling backwards, landing in the barren, foreign soil of Titan. He lays there for a moment, blinking rapidly and trying to figure out what the hell just happened, his face throbbing in pain. 





“Hey, hey— what’s going on here?!”





That’s Tony’s voice. Peter’s head is spinning, everything around him disoriented as he sits up with some effort. A pair of hands find their way around Peter’s arms and help him stand up, albeit a bit dizzily, and Peter realizes dumbly that it’s Mr. Stark.





“Quill!” Tony barks. “Mind keeping your insect in check?”





“Sure, after you keep yours!” Quill spits back with just as much biting force. Across from Tony and Peter, Quill is yanking a puzzled Mantis back, pushing her behind him protectively.





“Yours just smacked mine in the face!”





”Yours was mouthing off to her first!” 





Tony’s jaw tightens threateningly. Peter tries to blink away his disorientation along with his fright at Tony’s steely gaze. “I don’t know if you realize this, but this whole 

the-world-is-ending

 crisis doesn’t make us friends,” Tony says, “or acquaintances, or even allies. That means I don’t want any of you fooling around with 

my 

things. The kid, he’s mine, and that means all of you are going to keep your hands 

off.”






Mantis’s bottom lip trembles. “But— I was just—”





“

Just?” 

Tony says. “Just trying to clock the living daylights out of my kid?”





“Mr. Stark,” Peter says flus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Mantis
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Quill & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Deleted Scenes
Humor
Fluff & Angst
Light Angst
Drama
Comedy
Dialogue Heavy
Infinity War spoilers
they’re not BAD but there is some pretty major important stuff that’s just IMPLIED
if you’re really uptight about spoilers stay away
peter makes friends w everyone
Friendship
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
Team as Family
Bonding over music
i love EVERYONE give me a break
High-fives
high-fiving all around
mantis bitch slaps peter lmao jk
Kinda
Crack Treated Seriously
jk i do take this seriously okay
Fluff
Cute
Self-Indulgent
Shenanigans
call me by my name... and i’ll call you by... yours... wait

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Mantis
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Quill & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

