Work Text:
 "Why'd you do it, Buck?" asked Steve, his gut churning. Forget getting in trouble for sneaking out of the orphanage; Bucky was gonna get himself killed one of these days, and there was nothing Steve would be able to do about it. Bad enough that he went out, all the time, that he came home looking smug and sheepish at the same time, that he was out doing all the things with girls that Steve ached to do with him and worked so damn hard not to ever think about. He was gonna get himself beaten up by the wrong protective older brother or jealous boyfriend and Steve wasn't gonna be there to help him and then he'd be gone and the idea made Steve's stomach clench so hard it was like he was gonna be sick."What's the matter with you?" He dabbed at Bucky's temple, wiping away the dried blood. No way the Sisters wouldn't see it tomorrow. Bucky was gonna be in detention forever, and they were all gonna be told that they had to be more careful and try to get along with the other neighbourhood boys. "Why go out like this? Can't you just... I dunno, stay home?""What would be the fun in that?" Bucky slurred. At least he wasn't feeling the pain as much, but the booze Steve had found to give him was making him woozy."What's the fun in this?" Steve asked sharply, then resumed his dabbing. Bucky hissed in pain as Steve swiped at another clot, more roughly than he'd meant to."If I gotta explain it to you, Stevie..." Bucky chuckled, leaning back against the bathroom counter."Yeah, you do. You don't even know these girls, Bucky. The one you were with tonight, you never even met before last week at the market. Why would you--""Hey, I knew she was hot for it. That's all you need to know. Name, age, are her parents around, does she wanna do it.""Yeah? What's her name, Buck?"Bucky frowned, confused. "Uh. Sarah?""Sally," said Steve, and blotted alcohol onto the cut above Bucky's eye. Bucky pulled away with a yelp. "Sally. She's a person, you know," Steve muttered angrily. "Not just a notch on your bedpost. If you're gonna sin, and get in trouble with the nuns, and get beaten up, why don't you at least do it with someone you like?"Bucky gazed down at him, his eyes troubled."Why go chasing skirts all the time, Bucky?" Steve sighed and shook his head and went back to cleaning the cut, trying to go a little more gently."'Cause I can't chase you," Bucky said softly, and Steve froze. He swallowed stared at Bucky, dropping his hand, his stomach doing flips.Fuck. Fuck. The words hung in the air and Steve felt a shudder pass through him, and Bucky knew, he knew - of course he knew - and then suddenly Steve was furious, so furious he could hardly see. They'd never talked about it, never acknowledged it, but Steve knew there had been times when he'd given himself away, when he'd stared too long or been too needy - and it wasn't even always his fault, it was that he was small and skinny and looked like a pretty little girl, and the other boys called him shameful things and they were more right than they knew - and Bucky knew, he knew, damn it, and he was making fun of Steve. He wasn't even looking at Steve any more, and Steve had the urge to hit him, he was so angry. Bucky was staring at his hands, blood across the knuckles, and Steve's pulse was loud in his ears and his fists clenched as he seriously considered slugging his best friend for the first time in their lives."I'm sorry, OK?" whispered Bucky, sounding miserable. "I'm sorry. I know you - I'm sorry, you're probably grossed out now, I didn't mean to--""What?"Bucky clenched his eyes shut. "I know you - you don't - I mean, I know what those punks said about you but you're not, are you, I - I kinda hoped you were but you're not..."Steve took a step back, his world spinning, and desperately reached for stability. "Bucky, what are you talking about?"Bucky reached sat down on the nearest bathtub unsteadily and looked up at Steve, his eyes blurry, misery in every line of his body. "I... I don't, sometimes I think you want to - but that's just wishful thinkin', ain't it? You don't. You never will." He swallowed. "I chase girls 'cause I can't have you.""You..." Steve's voice came out in a whisper and he stared down at his best friend.Bucky blew out his breath. "You got no call to look like that, like you don't even know what I'm talkin' about, like you can't even - what I wanna do with you, I want--" he drew in a ragged breath."You want to? With me?" said Steve slowly, his anger completely gone now."Don't, don't--" Bucky shook his head and quickly put out a hand to steady himself on the edge of the bathtub as he wobbled slightly. "Don't tell anybody, OK? Please?"Steve shook his head. "I won't. I won't tell," he whispered, and Bucky's head snapped up and he stared at Steve, his eyes widening for a moment before he suddenly stood and came closer. Steve gulped and gazed at him, his heart racing, and Bucky wanted him, Bucky had been thinking about him too, Bucky wasn't making fun of him, he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

