Work Text:
 Bucky was back in the States for a whole two minutes before he knew, unequivocally, that he was fucked.This realization dawned on him when Tony Stark sauntered away from them after a formal photograph was taken of him welcoming the once-exiled Rogues back on US Soil. Not that Bucky remembered any of it. His brain only started processing again when Tony walked away, perfectly round globes lovingly cradled in a pair of equally perfectly cut trousers that Bucky can feel his mouth-watering with every tantalizing sway of his hips.He supposed that his sharp powers of observation had only failed him because his body was on the verge of embarrassing him, fortunately, the Soldier was kind enough to take the reins. Not that Bucky can count on his alter-ego very much when, as his brain made the necessary connections and decided This is a complication, that the Soldier smarted A boner is hardly complicated. I thought you had that covered, he attempted to berate.
Since you weren’t paying attention – that man just verbally set down a Super Soldier, a former Red Room graduate, a former top Shield agent, and a Hydra-made Witch while smiling like butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth. I’m only human.

Oh fuck. 
Yes, the Soldier purred, That’s what we should do. Bucky fought off the blush – and his hard-on – admirably.Thankfully, no one noticed, and if they did, they had no comment to make.Though it probably had less to do with the Soldier's unflappable mask and more to do with the Rogues being more concerned about their less than warm reception, and the fact that Tony Stark, the Asshole, didn’t even say he was sorry which Bucky wasn't touching with a ten-foot pole. After being out of cryo for six months and listening to the same stupid logic that had Steve saying 117 (now 132) countries doesn’t mean the whole world when there are only 195 countries, and that’s more than half, Steve, you dumbass punk. You didn’t even read the fucking document, goddamn it. Bucky was just about finished with that shit, fuck you very much.Nonetheless, the Rogues – bar Scott who was in prison before and was somehow the only one being reasonable besides Wilson, about their situation – couldn't seem to keep Tony’s name out of their mouths which wasn't helped at all when they turned on the television in the communal living room in the West Wing of the Compound and Tony Stark was all they saw.On one channel, it was of him in the Bleeding Edge Iron Man armor. It’s a thing of beauty, and the video recording of Tony cutting down a whole legion of aliens that entered Central Park through a portal had Bucky fighting off the Winter Soldier from hijacking his body and lunging across the room and worshipping before the screen.On another, it was Tony in a normal suit – the slim maroon tie looking all sorts of wonderful against the tan skin of his wrists raised, about his head with that golden throat of his exposed for the claiming and – Abruptly, the Witch changed the channel with a grunt of annoyance. It was both fair and not because it isn’t Tony’s fault that Wanda’s own country won’t take her back but had chosen to honor Tony for his efforts in repenting for their collective sins against the nation. A lesson in reasoning and empathy the Soldier didn't appreciate one bit when interrupted from his fantasies.The next channel, much to everyone else’s displeasure, featured Tony too. He was wearing a shirt with kittens on them – and just… there was no way a grown man should pull off a shirt like that the way he does, and yet Bucky can still easily picture the hem of that godawful shirt between Tony’s white teeth, soft belly on display, showing off that delicious trail of dark hair leading into his jeans...Subtly adjusting himself, Bucky focused on the video and noted that Tony looked like he was with a bunch of kids. The voice-over stated that he was meeting with prospective students for the prestigious science summer program, The Stark Internship, and it was Barton's turn to make a derisive sound. “Who would even let him near children?”“Just because you’re not allowed near yours doesn’t mean everyone else isn't.”Barton scowled. “That’s cold, Tash.”Romanova only crossed her arms, lip curled. If anyone was regretting their choices, it would definitely be her. Pity, Bucky used to think she was good at hedging her bets. But betting against Tony never seemed to pan out well.The history of the internet was cold, merciless and forever, and Tony’s individual kill count (without the shady dealings of the weapons manufacturing Stark Industries no longer dabbled in) spoke volumes. It was nowhere near as high as any of theirs, but then again, Tony’s kills were all personal – people who hurt him, people who endangered his loved ones; people who deserved it. Ever since he'd taken charge, Tony was never a weapon for someone else to use. When he pulled the trigger, he never killed because he was driven to by his obligation to his country or orders given by an organizat
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony's hot as hell
everyone knows this
Bucky knows he's screwed
The Soldier as a separate personality
The Soldier is also attracted to Tony
but who isn't
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

