Work Text:
Carol really didn’t know what to expect from this meeting.  She’d read the dossiers on all of the ‘Fugitive Avengers’, and she’d known Rhodes for years, but she had the feeling that putting them all together with Tony Stark and King T’Challa in one place after everything that had happened two years ago was kind of like mixing gasoline and firecrackers.

Explosive and frankly pretty stupid.

But the UN wanted everyone’s full focus on the looming threat that was Thanos, and that meant tying up the loose ends that the fugitives represented.  If they were willing to be brought back into the fold so much the better in the minds of the Accords council.  If they weren’t, well, at least they could say that they’d tried, and maybe that would be enough to get everyone pointed in the same direction for a change.  That focus was desperately needed.  Even with Tony’s overwhelming paranoia over the last few years and the resulting set of suits that Tony called the ‘Iron Legion’ (and that she and Rhodes gleefully corrected to the ‘Iron Battalion’), and with the help of the remaining Asgardians, they were still woefully underprepared.   

When she entered the conference room at King T’Challa’s palace, Natasha Romanoff was already waiting.  As Carol took her seat the door behind Romanoff opened and several of the other fugitives came through, taking up the chairs around Romanoff’s side of the table.  Wanda Maximoff, Clint Barton, and Sam Wilson, she catalogued automatically.  The last man took her a moment longer to place, and then it clicked – Scott Lang.  

The two doors opened again simultaneously, and Steve Rogers entered behind Romanoff.  A quick look over her shoulder showed her that the other newcomer was Rhodes, who made his way to the table with a barely noticeable hitch in his stride and a soft whir of gears and hydraulics.  They sat in unison. 

None of them looked happy to be here.  

Instead each face was a mixture of stubborn pride, trepidation, and banked hostility in different ratios.  She imagined her own expression was probably pretty similar and carefully smoothed it out into what she mentally called ‘parade indifference’ and Rhodes called a pretty decent poker face.  

"I’m glad we’re all early," Rhodes finally said, breaking the silence with an assurance that Carol wasn’t sure she could have matched with the tension so high in the room.  "It gives me a chance to introduce Colonel Carol Danvers to you all.  Colonel Danvers is a signatory of the Accords and a full Avengers member.  She is the Avengers team leader."  He shot her a quick grin. "By unanimous vote."  He waved at each of the fugitives as he gave their names and she nodded politely at each one.  

"Must have been a short vote," Barton muttered spitefully.

"Oh, I don’t know about that," Carol smiled at him, showing all her teeth. "It took us a whole pizza to finish the arm wrestling portion of the contest."

"How long will we have to wait?"  Maximoff was slouching in her chair, studying her fingernails.  She looked like a sulking teenager and Carol suddenly understood why Rogers kept insisting that she was a child despite her age.  

"Tony will be here on time," Rhodes said.  "I want you all to know that this meeting is being recorded."  He pointed to the large, obvious camera in the upper corner of the room.  The red light was blinking hypnotically.  "Do you have any general questions before he gets here?"  His voice was even and if it wasn’t for the clench of his fingers against his thigh she would have thought him completely neutral.  

"We’re here to get our pardons and go home," Barton said, sounding bored.  "What’s there to ask about, except for maybe when’s the flight?"

Carol bit her lip.  Rhodes opened his mouth to snap a response but the click of the door interrupted him.   Carol turned to look, and Tony strode into the room radiating confidence.  His shoulders were straight despite the fact that he was carrying two briefcases, one of which she assumed was the armour.  He set them down beside his chair and glanced around the room, eyebrows twitching slightly as his eyes passed over the corner of the room closest to Carol’s chair.  Reflexively she looked, but it was empty.  When she looked back, Tony had already seated himself and pulled out a water bottle.  The skin around his eyes looked tight with stress; overall he just looked tired.   

"All right," Tony clapped his hands together.  "I’m on a schedule, so let’s keep this on point, yeah? Before -"  

"Oh please.  You know you’re here for as long as it takes to convince us to come back, Tony," Barton interrupted, slouching back in his chair.  "You wouldn’t be here at all unless you needed us, so let’s not pretend otherwise."

Carol frowned at him.  "I didn’t get to say it before, but for the record, that’s ridiculous."

Tony shook his head.  "I’m here because the UN asked me – nicely, I might add – to be the one to tell to you all what your situations are.   Apparently the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not A Fix-It
Team consequences
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Iron Man

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

