Work Text:
            His skull felt like cracking, it pounded with each beat of his heart. Jolting his chest, which already felt like he’d been run through a cheese grater several times. Tony just stayed down, laid in a crumpled heap on the cold concrete in a bloody heap. Biting back a groan as his whole body ached even without even so much a twitch of his muscles. So, Tony chose to move his thoughts instead, letting them come together and then scatter, digging into his head and trying to pull pieces together of how he ended up a pile of shredded human on the ground.           Recon at a HYDRA base, an Accords council order. Solo mission.           The newly resurrected JARVIS ‘shouting’, or as close as he came to frantic voice patterns, about an EMP device.           The suit and his reactor powering down and leaving him in a dark suit and empty chest.           It came back to him in a rush, solid and quick, like a back hand for a bad pick up line. The failed mission, the feeling of falling and flying off the chain. Torn apart and caving into himself all at once. The sheer panic that tightened his chest further with the silence and roaring wind as both JARVIS and the usual hum of the reactor remained absent.           So, his shredded chest made sense, the shrapnel probably torn him a new one while the reactor kicked back in.           Tony bit his cheek and collapsed onto his back, relief flooding in as he heard the soft hum and felt the vague feeling of warmth and vibration in his chest that meant an over worked reactor. A glance down confirmed it, the usually bright glow was much dimmer, it didn’t flicker yet, luckily. Still, it would last for a while, even broken, and it still illuminated the room, revealing a small stone room with a steel door and bathing the cell in a warm blue glow.           And another person.           She was slumped over. Her dark skin was almost glowing with the reflection of the arc reactor, it also made it easier for Tony to check her over. To his relief she looked to be in better shape than he was currently in, still knocked out cold. Another glance over and Tony tried to rifle through his mind. She didn’t look familiar. She wasn’t SHEILD, Avengers, or World Council. She looked too young for it, as well as the fact that she didn’t even look American. If her clothes and style of her hair and decorative accessories betrayed her native roots correctly.           Breaking out and keeping her safe would be difficult with a language barrier, he hoped she spoke French or English. Or could at least understand the basics of either language. Italian was a highly unlikely factor for her language, but it was still an option if need be. Breaking out was also his only option. No one would be looking for him. The Council would make him MIA, or on vacation, and no one else cared enough, or was in the right condition, to search for him. What a bitch.           Tony drew in a deep breath, it rattled painfully in his chest. Making him wince as his battered lungs protesting as he did so. Causing his voice to rasp out in a weak tone. “Hey… hey kid.”           She let out a soft moan of discomfort eyes fluttering as her joints began to shift and settle again, her dark eyes fluttering open and squinting against even the dimmest of light from the reactor, until she seemed to snap into full alertness. Comprehending where, or rather where in who, the light was coming from and let out a quietly shocked gasp. Maneuvering to her knees and crawling closer with slow and slinking movements to his splayed form. Graceful, like a predator. Curiosity and concern raw in her eyes as her hand hovered in the air, unsure as to where to put it. If she was allowed to put it anywhere.           “Where are we? Who did this to you?”           Ah, English, that certainly would make things a load easier.           Tony grunted, “Dunno, but don’t worry about my chest, I’ve had this thing for years. I’ll see what I can do to fix here, let’s hope we’re not here for long enough to worry about this old thing shutting down on me yet though. Do you know who took you? I can at least maybe hazard a guess, but I’ll take your input if you remember.”           She bit her lip anxiously and sat back on her heels, she seemed, unsatisfied about his answer with the arc reactor, her eyes also held a certain curiosity that Tony recognized as being a man of science himself. It made him smile a bit.           “No, I went to a political meeting with my brother. I got jumped in the bathroom, or I think, it’s the only way they would have gotten past the Dora Milaje, my family’s body guards and highly trained warriors. I have no enemies in America as far as I know, this is my first time being in the god forsaken country.” Tony gave a huff of laughter, shooting a wolfish smile that seemed to make her smile to, despite the grim circumstances.           “Hey, that’s alright. I got kidnapped on my first visit to Afghanistan. Shit happens. Well, g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Shuri & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Being Tony
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Has Issues
Snarky Tony Stark
tony stark is a little shit
Genius Shuri (Marvel)
Awesome Shuri (Marvel)
Tony Stark Still Has Arc Reactor
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Kidnapping
Torture
Near Death Experiences
Arc Reactor Failure

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Shuri & Tony Stark

