Chapter 1



Summary:

prompt by saintvader: ragnarok era thorki + "it's not enough"





Chapter Text
“Don’t you dare stop!” Loki exclaimed, holding on to Thor, sitting astride him. Loki was panting, trying to regain his breath, coming down from his second orgasm. He wasn’t about to be done with this. Thor was almost squirming beneath him, wanting to buck Loki off of him.“Loki. Are you not satisfied yet?” Thor asked, grabbing Loki’s cock to illustrate that it looked done. Soft and oversensitive; Loki shuddered upon Thor’s touch. “Never. Satisfaction is not in my nature. I thought surrender wasn’t in yours?” Loki taunted back. That might have not been the best situation to remind them of, nor the best emotional state. But Loki remembered and cherished all of Thor’s words—whether spoken in anger, in mirth, joy or lust. “Only you.” Thor sighed, relaxing back in the sheets; his hands running up Loki’s sides, where he was still seated on Thor. He felt Loki surrounding him, wanting Thor to fuck him again. “You remember every word spoken to you?” Thor tilted his head in interest. An endless memory seemed like both a blessing and a curse when their lives were as long.“Only yours.” Loki echoed Thor’s words, smiling down on his brother. They were in Thor’s bed, supposedly ‘discussing further plans’ on where their ship should go. Loki knew Thor wanted to get back to Midgard, but he wasn’t so sure that was the best idea. And yet he would go with it. Their hug after his ‘I’m here’ had turned into a long night next to each other; sometimes awake, reaching out, wanting to confirm that the other was really there; sometimes cuddling in their sleep, as close as possible. It just grew from that, their closeness soon moving into more carnal desires.Before all this, even when they were still thinking of themselves as brothers by blood, they had enjoyed each other’s touch; sneaking away from the palace; Loki practicing his magic to hide from Heimdall’s sight.Loki sighed then moved up, sliding up Thor’s cock, squeezing it as he went. Then quickly slammed down. Again up and slamming down. “It’s not enough.” Thor could appreciate it. Truly Loki never could have enough, both cock and attention. He grinned and sent sparks up his brother’s spine, making him arch and impale himself back on Thor’s cock, eyes fluttering shut in pleasure. “That’s more like it, I think y—” Loki could not finish the sentence as Thor moved up and turned them around, with Loki pressed into the sheets. It was time he ran the show.“How about you grab the headboard there, yes right there,” Thor commented, leading Loki’s hands with one of his own, making them take hold of the railing and grip around it. “Keep them there. If you let go, then,” he thrust in, hard. “You won’t get my cock. And you really want it, don’t you?” Thor thrust in slow, excruciatingly slow, bottoming out when Loki started to whine that wasn’t enoughmoregivememore. When Loki glared at him, Thor smirked back. But his brother curled his hands around the railing as bucked up, wanting to be closer to Thor. Impatient.“I think I know what might make you scream.” Thor commented after a dozen quick and hard thrusts. He placed one hand on Loki’s abdomen, the other trailing past Loki’s cock, down down, where his cock was fucking Loki. He teased along the rim, enjoying his own fingers on his cock; they were less warm than Loki surrounding him, making the contrast more pronounced. Teasing soon turned into pressure, as Thor squirmed a finger inside Loki’s hole along his cock.The hand on Loki’s abdomen caressed and then tapped a few times, “I think I would feel my fist right here. How deep it would go, how full you would be. Would that satisfy you, brother?” Thor smiled, looking up, seeking eye contact with Loki.“Ahh.” Loki gasped feeling one, then two fingers stretching him further, “I think—I thi—oh Thor, that will be just right.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
NSWF prompt fills from tumblr
Loki is a Tease
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
how the hug scene continued
Loki is never satisfied
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Infinity war spoilers in chapter 2
Pre-Thor (2011)
Bottom Thor (Marvel)
Rimming
Loki is Definitely a Tease
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Anal Sex
Sex Toys
Size Kink
Thor And His Big Cock
Mpreg
Pregnant Loki (Marvel)
in chapter 6
Post-Thor (2011)
where Loki falls to Midgard instead into the void
Bodyswap
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Stealing things
more Bottom Thor!
Semi-Public Sex
The Avengers walking in on them
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Consensual Kink
Somnophilia
Consensual Somnophilia
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Morning Sex
Jotunn Thor (Marvel)
hairpulling
Breathplay
Sibling Incest
Twins Thor and Loki
Kink Negotiation

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

