Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Wear something impressive.”Clint’s words surface in her mind as she looks at herself in the mirror. Her hair tickles the sharp knobs of her elbows, dark strands falling around her shoulders and the middle of her back in a waterfall of chestnut brown. She tilts her head and narrows her eyes as she wonders if she’s wearing too much red. Her lips are red, bright and fantastic and this isn’t anything new. The dress she’s wearing is.It’s red as well, the same color as her lips and it’s got thin shoulder straps and her breasts are braless because they’re so full that she couldn’t possibly contain them. Her hair hides the middle of the dress, which is woven so that there’s a glimpse of the smooth and soft skin of her stomach and it falls to the middle of her thighs. She doesn’t even know who she’s trying to impress but she’d let Clint convince her that he could find her a date.The metal of her rings distract from the red, as well as the dangling necklaces that she’s got on. Her eyes distract from the dress as well, precisely winged eyeliner makes the green of them light and leafy looking, and she does look good. She feels pretty, sexy, even. The thought makes her flush as she turns away from the mirror, taking careful steps in the black heels that she’s in. She picks up her black clutch and makes sure she has everything in it before she takes a deep breath and leaves her room.Her brother and his boyfriend are -thankfully- not home, she notices, as she makes her way to the front door. She shuts off the living room light before she does and then she’s out the door, locking it behind her. The night is pleasant and the city is buzzing with life all around her, and she’s thankful that the restaurant she’s apparently meeting her date at is in walking distance. Despite the fact that it’s very expensive and she doesn’t exactly make much at her job.Her heels click on the concrete as she walks and she can feel eyes on her, can feel the way that some disgusting pig is probably looking at her with want. She shivers at the thought, and with nerves. Because the walk is going surprisingly fast and she can see the building and she doesn’t even know how the person she’s meeting is going to find her. Clint hadn’t given her a description, just a location and she’s debating on texting him to stall. She doesn’t want to be late though, she just wants this uncertain swarm of bats in the pit of her stomach to go away.It doesn’t and soon enough she’s walking cautiously through the double doors and into the waiting area. She doesn’t know what to do. She thinks that if this doesn’t end up going how she hopes it does, that she will hit Clint with all the power her little fists can manage and then proceed to drink all of his beer. Or dump it down the drain. She fiddles with her clutch, zipping and unzipping the zipper and staring at the blue-black flash of her painted fingernails.A soft and somewhat calloused hand makes contact with the bend of her arm a few minutes later and she inhales sharply. She turns to look...down - slightly, the woman isn’t that much shorter than her, and her eyes widen. This woman is goregous and it makes her all the more nervous because if she is her date then she’s completely and utterly screwed. Her hair is beautiful and the copper brings out the green of her catlike eyes. Eyes that are looking at her with curiosity and like they know everything about her.She flushes horribly and clears her throat, trying to pull herself together.”Can - Can I help you?” She fucking stutters and the nerves in her stomach twist into arousal as well when she watches a smirk spread onto the woman’s face. She’s got red lipstick on as well and Wanda hopes with everything in her that this is her date.“More than you could imagine, Wanda.”Oh fuck her. This beautiful woman is her date and she doesn’t know if she wants to punch Clint or kiss him for doing this to her. Her name hasn’t sounded so good before, hasn’t ever felt like it was supposed to come out of someone’s mouth. Until now. She wants this woman to say it over and over again, wants that deadly smirk between her legs and -She shakes her head slightly and she can feel the grip on her arm get a little stronger. It doesn’t bother her but it makes heat and want slither through her until it settles into one place. She needs to speak, but she can’t, and this woman seems to sense that as she leads them to the dining area. Her hand drops from her arm and to the small of her back and it makes her shutter involuntarily. She hasn’t been this horny for someone who she’s only gotten a sentence from before, and she doesn’t know what to make of it.She isn’t complaining though. The woman pulls her chair out for her, and her fingers ghost gently over Wanda’s shoulders before she moves to sit down. It makes Wanda focus on her ass, which looks fucking killer in the tight black dress pants she’s wearing. She’s in all black and the blouse she’s wearing is somewhat sheer, wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Minor Clint Barton/Pietro Maximoff - Relationship
Minor James “Bucky” Barnes/Steve Rogers - relationship

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Human
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Wanda works at an art studio with stucky and sam
Natasha works with tony at stark industries
Dom/sub
Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff/Natasha Romanov
Minor Clint Barton/Pietro Maximoff - Relationship
Minor James “Bucky” Barnes/Steve Rogers - relationship

