Chapter 1: I'd Follow You
    




Chapter Text
The one problem with bringing down a corrupt intelligence organization is that you lost all its technology when you needed to track someone. Hill helped where she could, using the Stark resources she’d so recently gotten access to, but as far as they could tell Bucky had fallen off the map. Odds were that he wasn’t even in the country anymore.But if they couldn’t track him now, they could follow where he’d been. Though the initial surgery and memory wipe had been in Russia, Bucky had been based out of the U.S. for the last 60 or so years. Steve and Sam followed every lead, added a whole roster of scientists to the congressional hearings, and confirmed every painful fact that had been in the file.In the darker moments, Steve wished Pierce and Dr. Zola were still alive. Neither of them had paid enough for what they’d done. It was embarrassing how long it took them to realize they were being followed. At first they thought it was HYDRA looking for a little revenge, but the expected attack never came. There was just someone watching them.Steve wanted to believe more than anything that Bucky had found him. He left the file out on the table one night, hoping, and when he woke up the next morning it was at a slightly different angle.It wasn’t much. But it was all the sign he needed.“You sure about this?” Sam leaned forward across the diner’s table, concern radiating out of every line of his face. “He tried to kill you last time.""And then he saved me.” Steve knew there was no way he could have made it to shore alone. On top of that, the 911 call Hill intercepted was from a woman who said a strange man had told her where Steve's location was.Bucky was still in there somewhere. And Steve would do whatever it took to get him back. “Trust me, Sam. I know what I'm doing."Sam’s brow lowered. "You, I have no problem trusting. Him, not so much."Steve put on his best cheerfully cocky expression. "He hasn't shot at us yet, has he?"Sam sighed. "I'll give you that one." He took a sip of his coffee, still looking concerned. "Just be careful, okay? And give me a call when this is all done, however it ends up shaking out.""I will, I promise." Steve leaned back, still ignoring his own cup. “Call me if you run into trouble.”Sam raised an eyebrow. “Or, you know, just in case I want to say hi.”Steve smiled at the man who had so quickly become his friend. "Thank you. For everything."Sam huffed. "Don't tell me that. That's the kind of crap people say when they're saying goodbye." He gave Steve a pointed look. "What you're supposed to say here is 'I'll see you later.'"Steve’s smile widened. "I'll see you later.""Damn right you will."000Tactically, the bench was the worst possible place to wait. There was no cover, no good sight lines when it was dark like this and at least a dozen places a sniper could get a perfect aim on him. That Steve wasn’t armed only made it worse, even his shield waiting patiently for him back in the motel room.He waited like that for an hour, a faint breeze blowing and only the sound of distant vehicles breaking the silence. The fact that he wasn’t dead yet had technically proven his point, but it wasn’t enough. Now that he knew Bucky was alive, simply knowing he was out there would never be enough.Finally, he heard quiet footsteps coming up behind him. “You’re waiting for me.”The words were soft, questioning, and Steve closed his eyes as something hard and cold in his chest wrenched loose for the first time in what felt like forever. “I’ve been waiting for you a very long time, Buck.”Even though he couldn’t see him, he could practically feel the other man flinch. “Don’t call me that.”The words stung, but this fight mattered far too much to care about such a simple hit. “Okay.” Steve opened his eyes, ignoring the fact that they were wet. “Can I call you James, then?”Bucky didn’t respond, but the silence also made it clear that he didn’t leave. “I went to the Smithsonian,” he said finally, sounding lost. Steve ached for him. “I wanted … intel. On you. And…” He stopped, tried again. “And I saw….”“You,” Steve finished quietly.“Yeah.” Bucky’s voice cracked.It took an immense physical effort for Steve to stay still when his entire body demanded to get up and hug his best friend. He resisted – he’d never forgive himself if he scared Bucky off – but the strain showed in his voice. “Do you remember any of it?”More silence. “I keep getting … bits. Sketches that weren’t in the exhibit.”Steve’s fingers curled into his legs, gripping tight. “You always saw all my stuff, even if no one else did.”There was an inhaled breath. “Some kind of funeral. I think … I think I held your hand.”“My mom’s.” Steve had to close his eyes again, his voice scratchy. “You were right next to me the whole time.”There was a sound that might have been a laugh if it wasn’t so heartbroken and wild. “You.” The word was ragged. “I hear the name ‘James Barnes’ and don’t feel a damn thing. It could be a str
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Healing
Schmoop
Fix-It
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

