Chapter 1





Chapter Text

"Hurry up! I'm not sure how much longer I can hold out before their servers detect me. I can't even call this white-hat hacking."
"You know," Peter grunted as he scurried up the ladder, "just because I'm fast doesn't mean this stuff is easy.""You think watching this is easy?" his friend exclaimed in disbelief. "It's my IP on the line here!""It's my literal butt on the line down here! You're welcome to switch places with me," Peter muttered as he adjusted the bluetooth earpiece so it would not fall off.The fifteen-year-old abandoned the fire escapes and switched over to the brick walls themselves, letting the fine hairs on his hands adhere to the surface. He wished he had a pair of gloves, because the brick scraped at his skin; calluses he might have, but that stuff was still really rough."Okay, you're out of the frame," said Ned. "I'm backing out.""Do it," Peter agreed. Ned was not completely confident in his hacking abilities yet; he had learned how to hack mainly to help with him being Peter's Guy in the Chair. That would be my power, he had announced. He picked it up very quickly, at least on Hackthissite and when using other white hat resources, but it was different to be in the field.Still, Ned would probably save the world more than Peter would, in the end.
"Stay clear of the windows, man; OsCorp's computers are harder to hack than the street cameras."
"I'm not an idiot, Ned! Jesus, you're making me nervous."
"Okay. Okay. Where are you now?"
"Still on the side. I'm going all the way to the top and working from there. Ugh, darn it, should have buttoned up my jacket." Said jacket—more of a hoodie, really, was flapping in the wind despite the duffel bag he was wearing. Not that it was actually hindering Peter, but the drag made him uneasy.So was the blood from the cuts on his fingers, come to think of it. Realistically, Peter knew it would be a tall order for anyone to obtain an adequate specimen, particularly from the awkward location he was, now four stories above everyone and on a weird corner of the building. He did not like that he was leaving a blood sample of himself on OsCorp's property, though.Nothing to be done about it now.On the fifth floor, there was a heavy rodent odor, so Peter took extra care because he knew there would be cameras anywhere there were lab rats. By the time he reached the sixth floor, though, Peter was having second thoughts about going all the way to the top. Unlike Tony Stark's towers, Norman Osborn went for breadth rather than height, but there were still fifteen floors to his buildings and Peter's hands were getting kind of bloody.He finally caved in at the seventh floor, summoning enough endurance to go to the top of the window and peer in while upside down. The thing about security cameras was they generally point downward, so Peter could avoid detection as long as he stayed high enough. It was not foolproof; it all depended on how far away the camera was, but he was willing to take any advantage he could get."How's it going?" Ned's voice crackled in his ear."I'm going in," Peter told him. "My hands are hurting like crazy. We need to make gloves."
"Where are you?"
"Seventh floor, I think." Peter squinted as he looked through the window. It looked like a storage room, with a bunch of boxes and a random old typewriter. No cameras as far as he could tell. There might be one pointing toward the door from the window, but he would have to get in to see.The window was a bit sticky, but not locked. No one would think anyone was coming in at this height. It was not even close to the fire escapes Peter had been using earlier. A little of that extra spider-strength, and Peter was able to poke his head in.He stayed on the ceiling for a good measure, just to be sure. When he saw and heard nothing, he allowed himself to drop; Peter could handle being upside down better than the average person, but he still preferred being right side up. Besides, it was easier to reach the doorknob from the floor.He opened the door a crack. There was no one in this corridor; at around eight in the evening, most of the employees had gone home. The occasional straggler might still be around to finish growing cultures or run tests, but otherwise the whole building was empty.There were still cameras though.Peter set the duffel bag on the floor and pulled out the white labcoat he and Ned stole from their chemistry class for this precise reason. He put it over his hoodie, tucking the actual hood under the white collar. He then covered his nose and mouth with a mask, as if he had a cough. With these in place, he took a deep breath and prayed to the powers that be that the security folks watching the cameras were not particularly detail-oriented, because this was the best he and Ned could come up with.
Showtime, Parker.

About 5 months ago, before his fifteenth birthday, Peter Parker went on a field trip to OsCorps and was bitten by a lab spider.This, while unpleasant, was not it
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & May Parker
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers
Peter Parker & X-men
Peter Parker & Norman Osborn

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Intrigue
Cat and Mouse
Spider traits
no costumes
Same superheroes without the spotlight
Peter has better emotional support
Uncle Ben is still dead (Rule 1 of Marvel-verse)
Real Internship
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Aunt May Is Awesome
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Protective Avengers
Unintentional ableism (innocent mistake and very brief)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & May Parker
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers
Peter Parker & X-men
Peter Parker & Norman Osborn

