Chapter 1: 1
    


Notes:
Since I already wrote some Infinity War angst, I figured I should write something that ignores it completely.I don't own anything. Title comes from Carry on Wayward Son by Kansas.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

In a small room at the UN headquarters in New York a group of people sat on other sides of a long table. One spy, one supersoldier, one flyer, and one magic user sat across from a UN official, the operator of the War Machine armor, and one genius. 
 
The only person to speak for a long time was the UN official, outlining the terms for the former fugitives house arrest and responsibilities. The genius stared out the window at the river and the former fugitives took cursory glances at him. 
 
The UN worker continued to speak, “Your rooms at the compound have been prepared for you to return as long as you sign the accords and agree to the terms listed within the document. As you know, your two teammates, Clint Barton and Scott Lang, signed similar documents and are with their families at the present moment. As none of you have families to be under house arrest with, the compound will function as your location at this time.”
 
Steve spoke up, “We’d all be happy to go home. Isn’t that right Tony?”
 
The genius snorted and looked at the super soldier, “I wasn’t the one who took your home, you did that yourself.”
 
Steve continued, “It’s our home, you live there too!”
 
Rhodey stifled a laugh and Tony grinned, “Oh, I don’t live there. I’m nice and comfortable at Stark tower. We decided not to sell.”
 
Natasha narrowed her eyes, “If you’re not going to live with us, why are you and Rhodes here?”
 
“Oh, the UN forced me to be here. They wanted someone who could keep you under control.”
 
“And Rhodes?”
 
“He was bored and wanted some entertainment.”
 
The UN official cleared her throat, “If we could get back to the matter at hand.”
 
All of the others calmed down and went back to resolutely ignoring each other, preferring to scan their eyes over paper than create another argument. Tony and Rhodey spoke to each other quietly, too low to pick up. The others tapped their pens on the table and sighed, wishing that they didn’t have to read complicated legal documents. 
 
Steve pushed back his chair slowly and looked up at the four on the other side of the room. They all looked back. The supersoldier put down his pen, “It says here, that equipment will be provided by the UN and we have to arrange expenses for that ourselves.”
 
The official responded, “That would be correct, all of you will have a UN liaison to help with things such as equipment and other expenses.”
 
Wanda scoffed, “Expenses? Shouldn’t Stark being paying for this stuff?”
 
Tony laughed and the UN official continued, “Dr. Stark is under no contract to provide you with equipment or funds. The UN is your contact for such things, not Dr. Stark. You are not his responsibility.”
 
Steve stood up and placed both his hands on the table ready to start a verbal battle until suddenly, out of nowhere, a phone started to ring.
 
Carry on Wayward Son blasted out of Tony’s phone that was sitting on the table. Everyone turned to look at him as he picked up the phone and prepared to answer it. 
 
Steve interrupted, “I’m positive that nothing could be more important than what is happening right now.”
 
Rhodey chuckled, “I can guarantee you that the person on the other end of that line is more important.”
 
Tony grinned back at Rhodey and picked up the phone.
 
Everyone watched in silence as the genius smiled while listening to whomever was on the other side. 
 
“Hey kid. Yeah. No you’re not interrupting anything. Yeah? Alright. I can pick you up today. Do you have academic decathlon tonight? Okay. I can pick you up in thirty minutes if that would work for you. That works? Great. You want to work in the labs tonight? I got my hands on some things that I think you would like. Alright. See you soon.”
 
Tony put the phone in his pocket and stood up to leave. Steve glared at him and walked to the door, standing in front of it and stopping Tony from leaving. 
 
The genius paused in front of him and raised an eyebrow, “You might want to get out of the way Rogers, I need to get to Queens in a half an hour and New York traffic is busy this time of day.
 
The supersoldier continued to stand in front of the door, “You’re always late to everything. I don’t see why you can’t be late to wherever you’re going. Besides, who called you anyways?”
 
Tony narrowed his eyes and leveled his gaze at the super soldier.
 
“One: I would never purposely be late for the person I have to pick up soon. Two: His identity is none of your business.”
 
“I think it should be my business, you’re always up to something when you become secretive.”
 
“You always think the worst of things don’t you. Well listen to this. The person I have to go get means more to me than any of you. He means more to me than these peace talk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Parent Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Sokovia Accords
the press
Precious Peter Parker
Sneaky Steve Rogers
Stan Lee Cameo
Protective Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

