Work Text:
There is a room, hidden from view inside the wing of the palace where the royal apartments are located, reserved solely for Thor and Loki’s games and designed specifically to suit their needs. Some of the things contained within are large and intimidating—the cross, the cage, the many pieces of furniture capable of restraining a body in different tantalising ways—while some are smaller, though no less useful.For instance: the sturdy metal rings fitted into the low ceiling.Thor feeds a thick red rope through one such ring as Loki kneels naked by his feet. He takes his time adjusting the rope to a desirable length and then ties Loki’s wrists together with it, ensuring Loki isn’t stretched too taut and can kneel comfortably, while still rendered helpless and vulnerable with his arms high above his head. It is not that Thor has any interest in being kind, of course; he loves it when Loki is almost suspended by his bonds, his toes barely skimming the floor—Thor can whip him, tease him, fuck him, or simply leave him in that painful, humiliating position as he watches Loki struggle and beg and break.No, Thor has something else in mind today, and that requires Loki to be capable of some mobility.Loki watches his every move with keen eyes. The pink tip of his tongue darts out to wet his lips and there is thirst written all over his face—he is no doubt making assumptions about Thor’s plans again, and there is even less doubt as to what exactly those assumptions are.Well, Thor thinks, why not.Loki sucking his cock is not strictly on his agenda for today, but a side effect of Loki being on his knees is that Thor is always tempted to help himself to Loki’s mouth. And with Loki placed so conveniently for his use, Thor sees no why reason why he should deny himself.Loosening the ties of his breeches just enough to bring out his cock, which is already half hard, Thor watches in amusement as Loki squirms and swallows in anticipation.“Always so eager,” he says, rubbing his cock over Loki’s face. Loki nuzzles against it and whimpers, begging, but he knows better than to lick or suck or talk—for he’s learned after many hard lessons that to act or speak before Thor gives him permission doesn’t grant him what he wants; it only earns him a lot of what he doesn’t.Thor’s in no mood to drag this out, however. “Open,” he demands, and that’s all the warning Loki gets before Thor grabs a handful of dark hair and shoves his cock all the way in. Loki chokes from the sudden intrusion, but within seconds he relaxes his throat—he’s had years of practice, after all—and succumbs to Thor’s desires. Thor fucks his mouth hard and fast, marvels at how pliable he’s trained Loki to be, and he continues like this for several enjoyable minutes before he eases off and extracts himself. Loki doesn’t seem to want to part from his cock, though; he leans forward to chase after it, and almost pouts when it inevitably slips from his mouth.“Slut,” Thor chides, perhaps letting more fondness slip into his tone than intended, and Loki preens.Thor compensates for his mistake by delivering a hard slap across Loki’s cheek—the force of it knocks Loki’s head to the side, and a faint imprint of Thor’s palm blooms on his pale skin. Loki, happy as ever in the face of degradation, recovers quickly and cranes his neck, as if asking for more.Loki is rewarded with another slap, then another, and a few more yet, until both his cheeks are red and swollen. His cock, when Thor deigns to glance down to check, is hard and dripping onto the floor. Thor briefly wonders if Loki could come from being hit alone—probably; he does thrive on pain and humiliation—and files that thought away for some other time.With the head of his cock, Thor traces patterns over Loki’s skin, spreading spit and precome over it and making it glisten. Loki moans and offers his open mouth, but all he earns is Thor striking his face again—this time with his cock. Loki keens, relishing in this, and his shameless desperation sends a spike of arousal through Thor’s veins. He decides to let Loki demonstrate more of it.“Do what you’re good at,” he says, directing his cock into Loki’s mouth. Loki perks up at the opportunity to shine, and wastes no time in showing exactly how good he is.It is good.Loki swallows him down, expertly taking in the entirety of Thor’s length and hums around it. Unwittingly, Thor lets out a groan at the sensation and it serves to motivate Loki further. He presses his nose against the thatch of hair at the base of Thor’s cock, while his tongue swirls and his throat contracts, and he stays that way for several long, glorious moments before he has to pull back to breathe. He knows better than to leave Thor’s cock neglected, of course, and in his self-devised reprieve he lays kisses along Thor’s shaft, licks around the crown and grazes his teeth under the head just the way Thor likes.Nevertheless, too much teasing is unacceptable and Thor is about to warn Loki with a sharp tug on his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Mjolnir (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Context is Irrelevant
what even is canon
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Fluff and Smut
BDSM
Dom/sub
Rope Bondage
Dom Thor (Marvel)
Sub Loki (Marvel)
Humiliation
Rough Oral Sex
Face-Fucking
Face Slapping
Come Swallowing
Comeplay
Butt Plugs
Ass to Mouth
Gags
Sex Toy Mjolnir
Anal Sex
Spanking
Overstimulation
Aftercare

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Mjolnir (Marvel)

