Work Text:
This week couldn't have been worse, well, at least in Peter's opinion.For some reason, the young superhero could not stop getting distracted by this or that. He couldn't stay still for longer than a few minutes. There was a constant itch to do something, to get up and keep moving. Peter hadn't figured out what it was but knew that it was quite annoying. That and it was starting to be noticed by those around him. It had begun on Monday at school when Peter kept tapping his pencil against his desk. They'd been taking a test when it happened, the pencil tapping annoying more than a couple students in the process. With such a quiet classroom, the insisting tapping bothered the test-takers."Peter, if you do not stop with the pencil tapping, I will be forced to send you to the principal's office for disrupting class." His teacher had told him.It bothered the teenager as he hadn't noticed himself doing this and quietly apologized, finishing with his test. However, the distracting movements and the burning inside of him continued well into Tuesday night as he sat with Bruce for some scientific concept. Peter couldn't exactly remember what the man had gone on about, too occupied with trying anything to will down the twitching of his fingers or the tapping of his foot. He had drummed his fingertips subconsciously, eyes boredly watching it. At the time, Peter swore that the movements looked something akin to a spider – maybe a tarantula, those were close to the size of his hand – just moving around. It made his stupid itch subdued, if only for a moment before Bruce was getting irritated with his behavior."Peter.""A-Ah, yes sir?" He had been pulled from his lulling thoughts."Did you hear a word I said?" Bruce questioned him, arms folding over his chest.Peter glanced at the white board behind the man, raising his eyebrows, "Uh… yes?"He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose, "If this is boring for you, you can head to bed for the night."Tuesday ended too soon, Wednesday coming up behind it to simply bring another bout of discomfort.Peter's itch was starting to annoy even him. It made him want to climb things or, well, anything could suffice him at this point. School hadn't helped one bit, the classwork serving no purpose other than to bother him. It also didn't help that a spider had invaded the classroom, the little thing crawling along the teenager's desk. The eight-legged creature stayed there for quite a while, drawing in Peter's attention and distracting him once more.He watched the brown spider tap its small legs against the desk, the tiny noise muted to anyone other than Peter, his superhuman hearing allowing him to hear this creature. It moved effortlessly to and from, simply walking around being alive. He allowed the small spider to crawl onto his hand, watching with interest as it played with the hairs on the teenager's hand. The brunette suddenly sighed depressingly, a pang of envy stealing his heart away.He wanted to be like this spider, Peter mused, the thought starling for him as the spider left him.Thursday night called for chasing down the bad guys. Peter hadn't seen many criminals during his patrol, having to stop a shoplifter and give an older woman back her purse. It was a warm evening with a nice breeze filtering in the air. It wasn't until there was a small explosion taking a hold of the road not too far from where Peter had been sitting. The teenager launched into action, getting mixed reaction from the civilians. He didn't worry about what they thought of Spiderman – hero, vigilante, or just some hooligan; the world may never know – and just wanted to make sure everyone was okay.Though, after the civilians were moved to a secure location leaving Peter to stare down the criminals, he found that the itch tore at his insides. It excited every cell inside him, sending energy pounding through his veins. He was buzzing with adrenaline, trying not to let a smile show on his face. Even as he continued to use his web-shooters against these bad guys – probably more than necessary – Peter couldn't get off this high feeling. The sweet sensation from using his webs was euphoric and it sent his head into an excited frenzy.Spiderman left the bad guys to the cops but that did not mean that he left Queen's.On weekdays, Peter was supposed to be home by ten or eleven o'clock; Thursdays were no exception to this rule. However, he simply couldn't stop himself from using his webs to sling-shot himself across town. He gave an excited laugh, pulling on the webs as he rounded corners. The teenager landed on the walls of a large building, climbing it with ease. The itch stopped in his excitement, allowing the boy to travel through the city as a spider would.Though, when he finally climbed back into his bedroom at the Avengers Tower, he found that he hadn't been alone.Tony flicked on a light then, an aggravated look on his face, "Do you realize what time it is?" The teenager knew he must have given the man a stra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Spiderling
Spiders
Spider instinct
Tony Stark is Peter Parker's dad
self-indulgent fanfiction
Tony is a dad
Peter is adopted

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

