Chapter 1: I
    




Chapter Text
You twirled around in your pink dress that your parents have bought you, a soft and silky fabric dress that was probably worth thousands of dollars, but you didn't care. Your dad is the heir to an international company, where all your wealth originates from. Your dad and your mother had an arranged marriage, but they were in love and they had created you.This was your 18th birthday, and you've always wanted to celebrate it with the most all-out party your parents could think of. You smiled to yourself. Finally, you could be at least a little bit more independent now that you're of legal age. Your parents were extremely protective of you, always moderating your every move and keeping their princess safe from harm. You were homeschooled almost all your life, which meant you had very few friends. Since you begged and begged to your parents to enter an actual high school, you gained two girl friends named Natasha Romanoff and Wanda Maximoff. This is where it gets hard. Natasha is an alpha. You believed she could be nothing else. She reeks dominance and control. Natasha was the only alpha your parents allow to be close to you, because of your own title, of course. You were an omega. That means, your life is in constant threat if you were around irresponsible alphas. They would touch you, caress you, mark you, only to leave you at the end. At least that's what your mother tells you about most alphas. But of course there were good alphas, like Natasha for example. Since you've never experienced heat before, Natasha was tame around you. She also had amazing self control, which you were grateful for. And then there's Wanda. Wanda is a delta. Not an alpha, but still very strong. Deltas were believed to be genetically restructured, a mutant. But in your eyes, Wanda is still Wanda. Wanda is the sweetest person you have ever met, unlike her twin brother Pietro who you thought was the embodiment of evil. Being best friends with Wanda means you meet Pietro a lot too. You adored their relationship. You met Wanda after being friends with Natasha, but your friendship bond with her is as strong as it is with the latter. Wanda was no alpha, but she still has a higher ranking than you. You also often caught Wanda sniffing you, but she always brushes it off with the same excuse of saying your hair smells good. It never bothered you, so you never really cared about it. Your parents never really educated you with this whole alpha, beta, and omega thing. But you always knew that being an omega, your choices were very limited. You were believed to exist only to conceive pups for an alpha. Alphas are generally mated with an omega, but unlike your parents, who were both betas, they weren't naturally mated. But then your parents have been together for almost twenty years, and you can safely assume they will have no thoughts about separating in the near future. But because they were betas, that means they may not have the same connection as an alpha and omega couple.Due to your overprotective parents, you've never really met an alpha besides Natasha. Of course you met a bunch of alphas when you entered school, but you've never really felt that "spark" with anyone. The guys at school were immature, too egoistical, and does not have any respect for anyone who had a lower ranking than they do. Naturally, you fell in that category. But you had the reputation for being the daughter of a billionaire, so some of them had tried to take advantage of you. Some of them even had the guts to touch you inappropriately, but thank god Natasha was there to punch them away. You understood that you needed an alpha that was older than you. An alpha that understood his duties, which is to protect their omega. You have always daydreamed about getting that perfect alpha. Those daydreams lead you to a few things here and there. You craved to be claimed by an alpha. The internet has taught you so much about sex. You have stumbled upon a website that sells toys for pleasure in the bedroom. So out of curiosity, you bought toy knots. Dildos that were shaped like how most alphas are. Thick and long, with a knot and the base of it that does expand after a few minutes of using it. Not only that, you signed up for a site that lets you talk to alphas, male or female. It's just like phone sex, but you don't really hear them. You just text anonymously, have your fun, and sign out for the day. During your time there, you've talked to a lot of interesting alphas. But now that you're 18, you can go and find a smoking hot alpha to mark you. Bring you pleasure, and treat you like the good girl you are. You checked yourself out one more time, hearing a knock on the door as you walked towards it to go outside. Your best friends stood in front of you, looking like they just went home from Las Vegas. Natasha was wearing a gorgeous black dress that hugged her curves. Wanda was wearing a similar dress with a deeper burgundy colour to match her beau
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Polyamorous relationship
Smut
Alpha!Bucky
Alpha!Steve
Double Penetration
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Fingering
Cunnilingus
heat - Freeform
blowjob
Knotting
Impregnation Kink
Cum Eating
Anal Fingering

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

