Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Valhalla
Loki sees Mother first.He’s standing at the end of something that looks like the Bifrost, leading to a gleaming city flush with life. It isn’t Asgard, but not unlike it either.Mother walks the rainbow path towards him clad in a glimmering white gown and a welcoming smile. She’d been golden then too, when he’d denied her claim on him, when he’d caused her death. Facing her is torture, but worse is the pain that comes from looking away, and at Odin.Loki looks back at Mother. He wants to walk towards her, but his feet freeze and refuse to be moved. Mother reaches him and cups his face in her hands. Her fingers capture the wetness there, and wipes it away.  “Mother,” he rasps, because he still dreams of losing her, because of course she’s his mother. She is, and always will be his mother. Loki will never deny that again. He wraps his arms around her smaller frame and brings her close. She’s small in frame, but her arms are tight around him. “I’m sorry.”“It’s alright. You’re home now, dearheart.” She had stopped calling him that at his behest many centuries ago, but to hear it again is destiny fulfilled. Asgard was not a place, Odin had said. It was the people. But he was no Asgardian. It’s been years since he stopped believing he would be allowed entry to this hallowed place. If Odin couldn’t allow a frost giant on the throne of Asgard, how would one be accepted in the coveted halls of Valhalla?Odin. He remembers Odin, remembers him saying he loved—He remembers Hela, and Surtur. The heat of the eternal fire on his face. He remembers tending to Thor’s damaged eye socket, letting the heavy head of his king rest on his shoulders as they fell asleep on the floor beside the bed like children.Loki remembers the carnage. The Statesman. Heimdall, dead.Thor.
Thor.
Loki seizes Mother by the wrist. “Where is Thor?”“Your brother still lives,” Odin tells him. He looks at Loki with a tenderness he hasn’t seen since he’d been a child. The old fool really has gone soft in his old age. “Your battle is over now, worry no longer of the living. You, my prodigal son, have come home.” Odin offers him his hand. Loki looks at his father’s hand, still big enough to cover his own, and accepts it.
Titan
Move, Nebula tells herself, and the parts of her body that aren’t flesh and bone react to the order even as the rest refuses in anguish. Move, damn it. There’s a wet choking sound from beside her, and there she finds the human with the gaping chest wound. Stark. The only one whose name Thanos had bothered to learn and remember.The other human had surrendered his infinity stone for the life of this one insignificant human, and if he hadn’t turned to dust with the rest of them, Nebula would have killed him herself. But he’d seen fourteen million ways that this horrible nightmare had ended and believed success depended on a man named Tony Stark.  Now it is just the two of them on Titan, the first graveyard that Thanos had ever dug. The madman had kept his promise, technically. Stark was still alive, but not for much longer if she didn’t do anything about it.
Somewhere in the alpha quadrant.
Tony wakes up and regrets it immediately. Tony wakes up and he’s not lucky enough to forget the horror; he remembers all of it with frightening clarity. He’s cased in a glass tube, naked and clean, but there is dust everywhere. It’s under his fingernails and in his lungs, coursing through his veins, and it’s all Peter. Peter, the high school student, Peter who deserved so much more than to die like a foot soldier on a planet long dead and forgotten. Tony remembers a gaping hole in his chest, but it’s a pink line that cuts through the arc reactor and shield scars.  He feels like a wall that’s been painted over one too many times — stretched and compressed and ready to crack. Tony remembers being dragged into a ship and pushed into this thing, remembers something being jabbed into his neck.The glass tube opens, and the blue alien/android holds out a pile of clothes. Tony puts them on, slowly, wrapping it around himself like armour. The bleeding edge armour is still inside of him, but the nanites need repair, the kind of repair he needs to do in his lab, on earth. “Do you understand galactic standard?”“Yes.” He’ll have to thank Thor whenever he — right. Thor is dead.Nebula nods. “Try not too move around too much. You aren’t completely healed, whatever the hell you are, and your tech is actively fighting the regeneration process. Follow me.”Any other day, he would have considered arguing, but now he doesn’t have the energy nor the will to do so. “What’s your name?” He finally asks as they reach the bridge.“Nebula,” she sits down at the helm. “I’m taking you back to Earth.”“Why?”“It’s where you’re from. It’s a good place to start fixing this mess as any other.”A good start? This wasn’t a start, this was the end, there was nothing left.“No.” He hadn’t ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor
Loki & Tony Stark
Minor Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Family Feels
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Afterlife
Valhalla
Canonical Character Death
Fix-It
I'm going to fix it
I promise
Genderfluid Character
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Mpreg
Sort Of
Jotunn arent just male but yeah
Pseudo-Incest
Translation in Japanese

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor
Loki & Tony Stark
Minor Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship

