Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Are you seriously humming Immigrant Song right now?” Tony Stark, genius billionaire playboy philanthropist, continued humming, shooting a death glare at Captain Killjoy. “He’s humming what?” asked Bucky, on Tony’s other side. “Please don’t-” Steve said, earning yet another glare. “It’s our battle cry,” Tony began, “Led Zeppelin, 1970. If I had my suit it would be blasting right now as we heroically incinerated this base.” “Don’t listen to him, please,” Steve was tugging on his bonds again, peering at the keyhole on his wrist, “Thor actually thinks it’s a battle cry, and sings it all the time now.” Tony snickers, “He doesn’t even know the ly-” His joking smile faded as the metal doors swung open, grinding on the ground with an unholy screech. It took Tony four-point- five seconds to decide he did not like the man at all. Plus there was the fact that Tony assumed it was this man who had ordered them in chains. The man took his sweet time, taking long, slow steps towards the set of computers in the middle of the room. Tony dramatically rolled his eyes, “You wanna hurry that up, slothman? I don’t have all day.” The man sat down behind the monitors, lacing his fingers together, leaning so his elbows rested on the table. He smirked at Tony, not saying a word. “Oh, very dramatic. A man after my own heart,” Tony joked, and without losing his playful smile, asked, “So, don’t you think it’s kind of a bad idea to hold three superheroes in glass prisons?” The metal (vibranium?) bands around their wrists and ankles were attached to metal boards, sort of like operating tables, with a curved glass barrier around the front. They each had a separate one, and they reminded Tony of the cryo tubes HYDRA would freeze the Winter Soldiers in. Glancing at Bucky’s expressionless face, Tony wondered if he was thinking the same thing. The man laughed a bit, “Oh, that’s not glass. So really, Mr. Stark, you do have all day. You have all the time in the world.” “We come from the land of the ice and snow,” Tony had stopped humming and had started actually singing the lyrics. Way off key. “For fuck’s sake, SHUT UP!” Steve was pointedly ignoring the man, glaring at Tony. “Language,” Tony smirked. He was also ignoring the man. He had just opened his mouth to make another remark when he let out an ear-splitting scream. White hot pain laced down his spine, his back arching from the electricity. Apparently the cuffs doubled as torture devices. As the pain faded a bit, Tony slowly lifted his head to give the man a death glare. He spoke again, his voice level, appearing calm, “My name is Ubiytsa. Welcome to my kingdom.” The man- Ubiytsa- threw his arms out, reminding Tony of how he flaunted his wealth at benefit shows. “Ubiytsa?” Bucky snorted, his laugh mirthful, his eyes still cold, “That literally just means killer. It’s not very impressive.” “Wait seriously? Because, buddy, you gotta work on the flair.” Tony kept his expressions moving, his voice loud to distract Killer or whatever from his hands, where he was attempting to remove the cuffs. “I mean, Captain America is bad, but Killer just seems lazy.” “Hey!” Steve kept his voice loud too, pulling forward on the cuffs like he wanted to come after Tony. His eyes kept flicking to Tony’s hands. “It’s patriotic.” “More like idiotic.” Tony had two screws out. “If you must know,” Ubiytsa paused to stare at Bucky, “My full name is Ubiytsa Svobody.”Tony glanced at Bucky’s face, trying to gauge his reaction. “Freedom Killer,” Bucky whispered. He kept his unblinking gaze on Ubiytsa, whose name seemed just that much more intimidating. “You are well known.” Tony and Steve exchanged a look. Bucky really only remembered the asset handlers, and usually only the particularly cruel ones. Ubiytsa had not been in Bucky’s file, meaning Bucky only knew him from word of mouth. Ubiytsa must be bad. “So like, is that your real name?” Tony tended to break awkward silences with his jokes. Why should it be any different when he was chained to a metal slab? “Cause’ no offense, but your parents were a bit…” Tony whisted, rolling his eyes, still wanting attention away from his hands. Just three more screws. They really should make them harder to take out. “I have someone for you to meet. You should recognize him.” As Ubiytsa motioned to his left, the door scraped open again, a figure strolling in. Tony would say man, but he was short, and painfully thin. His clothes were tight fitting, in what could be mistaken as black at first, but were actually shades of the darkest reds and blues Tony had ever seen. His hair was brown and curly, but unkempt and dirty. “You have spent lots of time with my spider here, haven’t you, Tony?” The boy- Tony could confidently say boy, he couldn’t be older than twenty- stood stiffly at Ubiytsa’s side, his hands curled into fists. His fingers seemed to be shaking. “Doesn’t ring a bell. Are you psychos keeping kids at HYDRA now?” “Peter wouldn’t be here if you hadn’t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
ALL PLATONIC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Background

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Sort of AU
Peter was kidnapped by HYDRA
Hydra (Marvel)
False Memories
Aftermath of Torture
BAMF Peter Parker
tony stark is a dad
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Sort Of
They haven't been rescued from the Raft
but the Accords were trashed
Ross is just a dick
and hasn't let them get their friends
Peter helps with that
i don't know how to tag
Peter Parker Whump
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued
Hydra Peter Parker

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
ALL PLATONIC
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Background

