Work Text:

“You need to get laid,” Steve stopped dead in his tracks upon entering the living room in Avengers Tower. Tony, the one who had spoken, was looking at him intently, waiting for a response. The rest of the Avengers were seated around the living room.


“What?” Steve finally says. 


“Come on, Cap,” Tony says, “It’s been like, a hundred years!” 


“That would imply that he’s still a virgin, Tony,” Sam points out. 


“Exactly,” Tony responds, “Which is why he needs to get laid.” Steve doesn’t say anything about the fact that he did get laid. Last night. 


“I’ve already tried setting him up with people,” Natasha says, looking up from where she’s sharpening two of her knives, “He always says no,” she makes it seem like she’s uninterested, but she secretly agrees with Tony.


“I really don’t need you guys setting me up with people,” Steve says, “I’m fine-”


“Nonsense,” Tony says, “What kind of women do you like?” he takes his tablet and prepares to take notes, “Nice girls, definitely,” Tony writes with a stylus, “Polite,” he adds, “Cap?”


“Tony, that’s really unnecessary,” Steve tries to say, but to no avail 


“No! We’re doing this,” Tony says, “So, blond? Brunette? Redhead?” The rest of the Avengers seem interested in the conversation now too. To Steve’s relief, Sam saves him.


“Hey Steve, didn’t you tell my mother you would stop by for dinner again?” Sam says, already standing up to leave.


“Yeah, I think I did.”


...


Steve is so, so grateful for Sam Wilson. They ride the elevator down to the main level and walk out of the tower. Sam is the only one who knows about Bucky, Steve’s boyfriend of over a year. That’s probably why Sam had been having trouble keeping in his laughter earlier. 


“Thanks, Sam,” Steve says once they’re a good distance from the tower.


“No problem, man,” Sam says, “But you shouldn’t you just… tell them?” 


“I don’t know,” Steve says, “The more people that know, the higher the chance is that somebody 

bad 

will find out.”


“I’m sure Bucky can take care of himself, you know,” Sam says.


“I know he can, but we fight things that are way stronger than anything normal. I mean, robots? Aliens?” 


“I get your point, but it wouldn’t hurt to get their nagging off your back,” Sam tells him, “Even if it’s really funny when you know the truth!”


“Yeah, ha ha,” Steve says, unimpressed, “They’re also assuming I’m straight,” he tells Sam. 


“Uh huh. Guess it’ll be all the funnier when you do tell them,” they stop at the bottom of an apartment building, “You are planning on telling them eventually, right?” 


“Eventually,” Steve turns to enter the building, “Thanks again.”


“Anytime,” Sam says, “I’ll go eat dinner with my mom and bring you some leftovers, yeah?” Steve smiles. All food these days is better than Great Depression food, but Mrs. Wilson always makes the 

best

 food. 


“Please do. See you,” Steve waves goodbye to Sam before heading up a set of stairs.


...


“They wanted to set you up on a date?” Bucky laughs. 


“Yeah,” Steve says, “Sam saved my ass, though.” 


They’re sitting on Bucky’s couch, a TV playing the news in the background. Bucky’s in his nursing scrubs. He has a night shift tonight, which starts in half an hour. He wasn’t 

supposed 

to have one tonight, but he had to cover for another nurse who somehow managed to get the flu. He was glad he got to see Steve before his shift, though. 


“Thank god for Sam,” Bucky says. He snuggles into Steve a little. He doesn’t want to leave, but he knows if he doesn’t go now, he’ll be late. Which is pretty dangerous when you work in the emergency room. Especially on a Saturday night. 


“I have to go,” Bucky sighs, sitting up. 


“Alright, I’ll see you tomorrow?” Steve says.


“Yeah, lunch date?” Which will probably lead to a dinner date and sleepover, but hey.


“Definitely.”


...


“Come on, why not?” Tony pesters, “She’s fucking perfect!” It’s not even a week later and Tony is trying to set Steve up with a girl (“she’s a lawyer, Steve! Justice and all that!”) again. 


“Language,” Clint says. Steve groans.


“I really don’t want to go on a date, Tony,” Steve says, wishing Sam was here to help him. Unfortunately, he’s at his sister’s college graduation. And to top off his shitty luck, Bucky has a night shift again, which had already started, meaning Steve can’t visit him right now. This one is actually 

his 

night shift, though, and not somebody else’s. He always has them on Thursday nights, with a day off on Friday. 


“I would go just to get Stark off your back,” Bruce says as he walks by, just quiet enough that Tony doesn’t hear. Bruce might actually be on to something. 


“Fine, I’ll go,” Steve says. He can go and hopefully let the girl down gently. Tony leaps with glee and Natasha raises an eyebrow.


“Never thought I’d see the day in which you actually 

agreed 

to a date, Rogers,” she says. Before he can respond, he’s being told to shower and get changed because 

oh. 

This date is 

tonight

. Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Shrunkyclunks
Secret Relationship
Established Relationship
Coming Out
Blind Date
Misunderstandings
Tony Means Well
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Nurse Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

