Chapter 1: But At Least The War Is Over
    




Chapter Text
Peter drifts in a sheltered state of semi consciousness. He's not really awake. It's more like he's aware that he's asleep. He's comfortable. Happy.His legs are tucked up close to his chest. He was a little cold in just his suit but someone put a blanket over him a few hours ago. There was a hand combing gently through his hair after. He thought it might be Steve. Peters sort of hugging himself too. Like a kid who lost his favorite teddy bear and can't sleep without it. Peter wouldn't mind a nice teddy bear right now.His head is pillowed on Tony Stark's chest. His head is pillowed on Tony Stark's chest. Any other day he'd be panicking. Any other day it would be the best thing that had ever happened to him. But the feeling of his body disintegrating into ash in Tony's arms is too fresh. This is the new normal now, he supposes.Star Lords ship rumbles quietly underneath him. Its nice. Like a box fan and a massage chair all in one. Part of Peter wishes the seats were a little more comfortable. But he guesses they weren't exactly meant for a grown man and a teenager trying to cling to each other and have an adrenaline crash at the same time. Peter relishes the feeling of Tonys arm around his shoulders. It's a reminder, not only that Mr. Stark is okay, but that Peter is real. That his bones aren't crumbling at a rate slow enough that he can feel the agony shoot through his entire skeleton. That he doesn't have to plead to some merciless god, or titan, or whatever the fuck is out there, for his life. That Tony can protect him this time.Every now and then, he tugs Peter a little closer in his sleep. At least, Peter’s pretty sure he's asleep. He could be faking, but Peter could swear he heard light snoring a few times. Peter watches the shapes the stars and the ship lights makes through his eyelids. They're abstract and fuzzy and make him feel like he's safe. He thinks of May back home. And Ned. And MJ. He wonders if he'll tell them what happened to him. He wonders if they turned to dust too.Peter hears Steve and Natasha's voices, low but somewhat close. They're talking about him. Him and Tony. “He really loves that kid, huh?” Nat says. He hears Steve laugh. Its sad. He listens to them as much as he can, but his exhausted hearing is only so good. He hears them say things like: “trauma”, “poor kid”, and “things will be different now”.Peter sort of wants to cry.He drifts a little longer, until the memories, fresh and ancient, coming flooding. He feels his organs turn to dust first; he wants to throw up but his stomachs not there anymore. He feels his ribcage snap under the weight of parking lot concrete. Part of him misses when Cap decked him with vibranium.Peter starts to shake a little. It's all anxiety fueled, and it brings frustrated tears to his eyes. His breathing picks up. His heart hammers in his chest (which is there, his hearts still there, and oh god is this how Mr. Stark felt with an arc reactor?). He clenches his fists in his new suit, pinching his skin before he realizes it's not a tshirt. He cant help the little whimpers that stick in his throat.Its a panic attack he's too exhausted to participate in.Peters feels Tony stir slightly beside him. He hears Nat and Steve make worried little tsking sounds, and shuffling to get up and help him.But Tony just tugs the kid towards him again. He drops his head close to Peters ear, and crosses his legs the other way. “You're alright, kid…” Some sort of dam breaks in Peter. The tears fall slowly, accompanied by little hiccups now and then, but nothing more. His eyes are still closed. So are Tonys.Peter hears Steve and Nat sigh with relief as he snuggles into Tony's chest a little more. He thinks he hears muffled laughter. It's not as sad as it was before. Peter starts to drift again. He listens to Tony’s breathing. He watches the starlight behind his eyelids. He’s safe.They’re going home.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Aunt May
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fix-It
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emphasis on Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Iron Dad
Father-Son Relationship
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Poor Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
POV Peter Parker
Stream of Consciousness
Character Death Fix
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Sharing Clothes
Platonic Cuddling
Body Horror
Emetophobia
Resurrection
Dissociation
Mental Breakdown
Mental Anguish
Sleepiness
Space Flight
Spaceships
Realistic Tony Stark
Anxiety Attacks
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
tony calling peter “Kid” an unreasonable amount of times :/
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha Romanov Feels
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark Friendship
Civil War Fix-It
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Dad Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Asthma
Self-Harm
Self-Destruction
Mental Health Issues
Sickfic
Sick Peter Parker
Fever
Fever Dreams
Delirium
Protective Peter Quill
Peter Quill Feels
Peter Squared
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Aunt May
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

