Work Text:
  Rhodey did say he would need a guardian angel watching over him to get through this mess; neither Rhodey nor Tony had thought that Barnes would be that guardian angel, though.See, Tony knows he’s being followed. He’s always being followed.When he’s out and about, the press and the public are always there; when he’s in the R&D labs the interns trail behind him like a bunch of baby ducks following their mother (“Don’t even look at me right now, Rhodey”); when he’s in the East Wing, it’s a combination of his super-children (“Do I look like father material?” Tony demands to the lovingly blank expressions of said super-children) and several agents, and when he’s in the office, Pepper – CEO or not – is always on his case – bless her. This time, though, is entirely different.Whereas everyone had a reason to metaphorically cling to his shadow, there’s nothing that Tony can come up with for this particular person to be trailing him like he is. Tony considered that he was being followed for nefarious purposes. A plethora of bad guys have always been in rotation trying to get on his shit-list, but Tony’s convinced that isn’t the case this time.After all, if the Winter Soldier wanted you dead, you would be.Friday had taken to watching the whole thing like a cat just being introduced to a laser pointer. “It’s fascinating.”“It’s annoying," Tony huffs.“Really?"“He’s not good at it,” he retorts, and seriously what the fuck was up with that? Tony knows the reputation of the Winter Soldier, has read his considerable file back to front and gotten nightmares on top of the nightmares, and Tony knows that if Barnes didn’t want to be found out, he wouldn’t be. So that begged the question: what the actual fuck? “Maybe he wants you to know that he’s watching," Friday guesses, unaware of how creepy it sounded which Tony wastes no time in informing her, “That explanation is horrifying, so it’s got some merit.”“It’s fun watching him,” Friday muses, “Sergeant Barnes is very good.”“If he was better you wouldn’t have noticed,” Tony retorts, “and I wouldn’t have, for that matter.” Too many people followed him around on a daily basis it was just easier to let the feeling wash over him and ignore it. But there was just something about knowing that Barnes was doing it that made that notion impossible.The man had an intense stare, like a physical touch pressing into the back of Tony’s neck, trailing and tracing the vertebrae of his spine with just the barest amount of pressure, but with all the attention reserved for performing heart surgeries, or killing someone in a crowded room. (Probably the latter.)If it had been any other person, Tony would’ve thought the man wanted to devour him, and sure that was a possibility, but it also wasn’t.Who cares if Tony had a bit of a crush on Bucky Barnes as a kid, it wasn’t like he was projecting or anything.Almost apologetic, Friday says, “He can’t help it, you’ve made me incredibly advanced, Boss.”“Ah, flattery will get you everywhere,” Tony sighs, shaking off the Goosebumps because his other shadow has joined them.“But I'm sure whoever it is wanted to be found out,” Friday says, knowing too that they were no longer alone, though it didn’t stop her from adding, “Perhaps it would seem less threatening that way?”Tony raises a brow. “Do you know something I don’t, sweetheart?”“Of course not, Boss.”Tony snorted, pressing the rim of his mug to his lips.If Barnes, stalking tendencies et all, was harmless by Friday’s estimation (and like she said, he did make her incredibly advanced), then Tony wasn’t going to kick up a fuss about it. If Barnes could get Friday in his corner, then clearly the man wasn’t a bad person.After reading his file, Tony thought that a miracle after all he’d gone through.Barnes had every reason to go on a Hydra murder spree, and while Tony appreciated that he didn’t for purely selfish reasons (the paperwork, God, the paperwork!), he was also awed over the man’s control and calm in the face of the maddening things Barnes probably heard all the time on the news about himself. Tony had already thrown his toys out of the cot magnificently when Tony was practically ordered to move back into the Tower with the Rogues.The United States government and the people of the world needed to know that the Avengers could still get along and come together to fight off a common enemy. Though, in this case, it was more because someone needs to keep an eye on them, but not overtly enough that they feel like someone is keeping an eye on them. Like Tony was the big brother that needed to make sure his kid siblings didn’t fuck around with any electrical appliances while mom and dad were out.It could’ve been worse.With the hours that Tony kept, it made things easy enough to stay out of their way which was a relief because Barton was still a goddamn child who was content to blame Tony for everything. Don’t even get him started on Maximoff, who, after being rejected by Vision, really did resemble a t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
softboi pre-slash
yes im making that a thing
bucky's a guardian angel
he's got a thing about kittens
tony is baffled
possibly a part of bucky's attempts at courtship
bucky's also a little skittish so he isn't in this really
Friday is a good bro though
she and tony have conversations
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

