Work Text:
1It’s a little thing; it barely stings when Ben Greely from the main street accuses him of being a snitch. But apparently, Steve doesn’t think so as he throws his skinny body at the burly boy and gets a lucky strike across his face.“You take that back!” He howls, flailing everywhere.“Make me!”Bewildered, Greely backs off instead of hitting back, looking a little like stray dogs after they’ve been doused with water. It’s hard to say who is more surprised, the bigger boy with his bloodied nose or Bucky who is fighting to hold his best friend back. He could take Greely in a fight but not when he has all his goons surrounding him. Bucky’s brain is working overtime and he swears he has smoke coming out of his ears as he tries to figure out the best plan of escape.Momentarily, he mourns the fact that he never got to read the comics Danny Truman found behind Sunday church but the feeling passes when Greely and the other boys back away like crazy might be a catching thing. They are twelve and fourteen respectably and Steve is small, he will always be small barring secret government experiments his friend will stupidly enlist in the moment his back is turned, but he is the bravest kid Bucky has ever known.They stand unmolested and in one piece behind the apartment block, Steve heaving as he calms down and Bucky, eyes wide open with astonishment. Maybe, just maybe, Bucky thinks, feeling hopelessly sappy and affectionate as Steve sinks to his feet, his head tucked between his knees. This is where everything starts—this is where Captain America begins.2The staircase rattles as Steve runs into the superintendent’s office, face pale and straw-colored hair sticking to his forehead. “He’s killing him!” He manages to shout before taking off again, adrenaline lending strength to his skinny limbs. Already, curious onlookers have gathered around door 301, wincing every so often at the enraged roars and breaking glass. But it’s midday and there is no one around who can pry George Barnes off of his young son, frighteningly still, unclear whether he was alive or dead.Steve fervently hopes that it is the former. He needs it not to be the latter.Steve storms in and out of his apartment past the soft, calico swish of his mother’s dress, his father’s rifle in his arms. The super hangs back uselessly, wringing his hands and repeating that he has called the police in his plaintive voice. But they all know the police won’t make it in time to save Bucky, they know the drill. The police will arrive too late.Ted Hummel’s mother faints when she sees the gun and her old man mutters “better know what you’re doing son” as he catches her from falling. The rest of the neighbors stand back a respectful distance as he shoots them all a furious look with a healthy dose of disappointment thrown in for standing back when his friend is hurting, breaking bones impossibly loud over the stilted platitudes.The last time he was at Bucky’s house was when his mother died and the difference between his memory and the reality is jarring enough to frighten him back into the world outside. The framed pictures he once admired are gone, the thick duvet they made forts out of heaped in the corner dusty with neglect. The place looks badly kempt and there are empty bottles everywhere. He thinks in despair what Mrs. Barnes would have would have thought had she been alive today and feels badly for never noticing what was going on.Steve doesn’t even realize what he has stumbled upon until he hears Bucky rasp—“Steve?” and his voice, absent before, is enough to make his father raise his head and glare at the strange interloper in his home, eyes bloodshot and deranged from the drink, neck bulging as he swings around to face him instead. His arms shake and his knees tremble as he swallows, but not in fear, not when Bucky lies at his father’s feet like the thick duvet, his arm at an odd angle and face a mass of colorful bruises.In a tone braver than he is Steve demands, “Let him go.”Mr. Barnes laughs, kicking Bucky in the ribs as he swaggers forward, eyes on the rifle and the quavering shoulders of the boy behind it. Steve remembers a time when Bucky’s father taught them how to whistle using blades of grass, invite him for dinner when his mother felt poorly and allowed him to stay when his father died. He remembers the man lost in his grief when his wife died and thanked him for the casserole his mother made before putting it away in the fridge of hundreds of similar-looking casseroles and the memory is dissociative enough to keep him still, keep him standing and keep the man at bay from killing Bucky.“Back away from him or I’ll shoot.”And there must have been something in his eyes, his voice, and the set of his face because the rage fades from the man’s face and he backs away with his hands raised half-heartedly. Bucky lets out a low whimper and he almost shoots. The standoff lasts until the authorities arrive.After, Bucky yells at him “You stupid, stupid idiot!” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
5+1 Things
Violence
Canon-Typical Violence
Past Child Abuse
Aftermath of Torture
Brainwashing
Hurt/Comfort
Crossdressing
Cryogenics
BAMF Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

