Chapter 1: Fallen
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The last thought that passed through Loki’s mind before the cold overtook him was  the stars do look rather beautiful up close.  He watched the horrified face of his adoptive older brother and the saddened but distant expression of his adoptive father - if you could call him that - fade away as the young Aesir fell towards the collapsing remains of the Bifrost, the great void opening like a giant maw beneath him. The stars surrounded him, bright beacons of light in the eternity of space before Loki disappeared into the inky darkness and was seemingly lost to Asgard. The cold was unbearable, colder even than Jotunheim, and the darkness even more so. Just before he slipped away completely and was plunged into the black, the prince caught a glimpse of his pale skin turning blue again, and this time, not changing back.  This is what death must feel like,  Loki mused,  Perhaps this  is  death, and I am cursed to float in this endless pool of despair for all of time.  Time passed, or at least, Loki suspected it did. Something passed. He kept falling. Slowly. Less falling, more floating. As whatever twisted version of time that existed within this hellscape passed, Loki grew weaker and weaker. The cold ate away at his mind, at his body, until he could no longer think. It was numbing - the little feeling he’d had in his limbs at first was gone, and the former prince of Asgard was little more than a consciousness drifting through the eternal emptiness.There were times that he thought he could hear an unfamiliar voice whispering his name, or feel bony hands grasping at his cape as if trying to drag him down further. But then, out of the blue, something unexpected happened. The stars came back. One minute Loki was being tormented in the darkness, the next he was free falling from a sky too far away to reach. The wind on his skin as he fell was  real,  the salty sweetness of the air was  real,  the feeling in his bones was  real.  He was  alive, and the world around him was too. He could feel the way his surcoat whipped around him in the night air, the way his straggly hair blew in the wind, see the stars stretched out above him, infinite and mysterious. They looked...different. New.  Those aren’t my stars, he realized. And then he hit the ground, and everything went black again. *** It’s three AM, and Tony Stark is still awake. He’d tried to fall asleep, but after two hours of tossing and turning in sheets that seemed to smother him no matter how he lay, he’d given up and had headed into his lab. Tinkering away at one of the gauntlets of his suit, he allowed himself to be caught up in the Led Zeppelin that blasted from the overhead speakers and the grating of the power tools. He was shaken out of his reverie at exactly three forty-two AM by JARVIS. alerting him of a security breach. 
 “Sir? There’s been an anomaly on the security cameras. Would you like me to bring it up for you?” 
 Tony sets down the blowtorch he’d been holding and drags a hand through his already messy hair. “Yeah, sure. Show me.”The computer on Tony’s workstation beeps and a video file opens, showing the view of the ocean from one of the cameras. Tony squints at it, unsure of what the A.I. had been talking about.He almost jumps back in shock when a streak of golden light shoot from the sky and crashes on the beach.“JARVIS, what  is that?” 
 “I’m afraid I don’t know, sir. Our scanners don’t reach that far.” 
“Right,” Tony says. “I’ll be right back, then.”Ignoring the A.I.’s protests, Tony secures his repaired gauntlet onto his forearm and starts off toward the beach. The night air is cold, almost to the point where Tony considers doubling back to grab a jacket, but decides against it, and continues on, repulsor beam at the ready.Whatever the light was, it had landed on the shoreline, where waves were gently washing over the shapeless heap. Tony slides down a sandbank and cautiously approached the figure. It wasn’t until the inventor was directly over the object did he realize what it was.“Holy  shit,”  He breathes, crouching down beside the fallen figure and rolling it onto its back. The man - or whatever it was - was pale.  Scratch that,  Tony thinks,  he’s positively snowy.  It’s true - the man’s skin is practically white, probably from cold. Tony’s brow furrows as the light from his gauntlet falls upon the man’s face. He’s young, perhaps a few years younger than Tony, but somehow seems so much older. His eyes are tightly shut, and has angular features and dark ebony hair that’s plastered to his head from the shallow water that laps at his thin frame. But perhaps the most startling discovery is the sight of frost - and what looks disturbingly like blue skin - creeping along the features of the unconscious man. The night is cold, but not nearly cold enough for frost to form, let alone for anyone to catch hypothermia. It’s as if the man had
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
y'know how Thor became more sarcastic bc of Tony?
yeah it's that except with Loki
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Avengers - Freeform
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Mind Control
Odin's A+ Parenting
Midgard isn't so bad
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Issues
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Lady Loki
Loki's Kids
Sigyn - Freeform
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fix-It
i'm not handling my post-infinity war depression well okay
Soulmate Bond

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

