Chapter 1: It's the afterlife my dudes. (AAAAAAAAAAAAH)
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
            There’s this old movie called Mad Max that Peter Parker once watched with his Aunt May—or more so through her fingers than with her, since it ended up being a bit more violent than she remembered and she spent most of the evening with her palms covering his young eyes like a makeshift Aunt May blindfold.            Anyway, Mad Max was about this crazy derelict place that looked suspiciously like Australia where nothing spanned out to the horizon except for the occasional something. Again, usually something violent. Sometimes not.            Death was a bit like that, it turned out.            Peter rocketed into awareness. He’d appeared here standing amongst the nothingness of blue tinged dirt, or mud, or something, and then immediately rolled into a crouch with his arms out and ready for attack. The hair on his back prickled up and moved back and forth like through the wind as his body let him know what even a small child’s mind could understand. Something was wrong here.            He reached down with his fingers, still clothed in the Iron Spider suit made by Mr. Stark, and dug into the soil. The blue granules came up in his palm like sugar and Peter pressed his other hand on top of it until it fell back into the ground like kinetic sand. He swallowed, looked around, and called out.            “Mr. Stark?”            His voice echoed back to him, choking him, and Peter fell backwards into the dirt. Hands shaking, holding the dirt, he tried again.            “M-Mr. Stark? Are you there?”            His chest tightened, sobs already peeking and piling onto his tongue. Peter wiped away his tears, noting the surprising gentleness of his suit of armor, and whispered, “Oh God.”            “Mr. Stark!” Peter’s fists dug into the sand and his voice keened out, so high he felt like his vocal cords might snap. “Anybody?! Mr—I mean—Doctor—oh God, I don’t know your real name I-I’m sorry! I’m sorry!”            Tony’s face above him, his hands holding onto Peter like he was all there was left in the world, and Peter saying over and over “I’m sorry,” because in those last moments he remembers Tony saying on that dock, “And I feel like, if you die, that’s on me.”            Peter crumbled to the ground, let the sand rub into the soft cradling of Tony Stark’s suit—the one he made to take him home even though Peter didn’t listen—and he wept until his tears made a puddle in the blue sand. He shut his eyes, pulled his knees to his chest, and thought of how absolutely unfair it was that he could be dead and still cry so hard that it hurt his ribs.            When he cried, it was hard to feel through the agony and listen to the instinct in his heart that told him something might be wrong. How could things be any more wrong? But still, something curled in his gut and made him nauseous with wrongness, of something Other, floating in the air around him.            Sniffing, his lips reaching out on his face so his bottom lip trembled like some stupid, scared little kid, he looked up from the dirt and met the eye of a stranger with unkept black hair that hung in his sharp-featured face. Only one eye made itself seen and it was a shocking green-blue. His leather tunic hugged his body tight and looked like it once covered part of his neck, but had since been torn to reveal an ugly, crawling blue and yellow bruise in the shape of a nearly comically huge hand print. Only comical if Peter didn’t know just whose hand it belonged to.            “Th…” Peter shakily motioned to the man’s neck and the stranger coiled back, going from indifferent to disgusted, a bit like a huffy house-cat. “Thanos?” he asked, still embarrassingly weak from his tears.            The name sent the stranger rocking back until he sat cross legged in front of Peter. He curled his thin lips inward until his mouth was a small line that bit back whatever he was thinking. Finally, in a hoarse voice, the stranger said—in a voice that reminded Peter of Shakespeare:            “You’re a little young to know about that kind of cruelty, boy.”            Peter crumbled again, the tears overflowing like an endless fountain. “A-am I d-dead?” he whimpered.            The man frowned at him. After great contemplation, he replied, “For now.”            Peter bent forward and groaned, hoping that might make the tears stop, but only started him up again. “I left M-mr. Stark-k al-lone. Oh God, and Aunt May—Ned—Oh no no n-no!”            Remembering the stranger, Peter wiped at his face all over again. “I’m sorry, mister, I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I don’t n-normally d-d-do thi-i-s, I swear. I s-swear.”            “It’s alright,” the man murmured. “The first death is the hardest.”            “The f-first?” Peter stared at him, really seeing him now. The look of him, the leather and the presence, and he gasped. “Are you…?”    
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor
Thor & Rocket Raccoon

freeform: 
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Canon Typical Violence
if the mcu isn't going to give me loki and peter interaction then [thanos voice] I'll do it myself
[trevor slattery voice] we're all dead but we're not dead
crying and joking because humor is a defense mechanism and these two are sad
it's like a puppy hanging out with a surly armadillo
everybody is a bud in my world
I just really love friendship you guys
not even remotely end game compliant or anything afterwards
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Odin's B+ Parenting
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst and Humor
Character Death Fix
Fix-It
Fix-It of Sorts

fandom: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Thor
Thor & Rocket Raccoon

