Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was a classic mistake really. Peter really should have expected retribution from the ferry, but hindsight was 20/20. All he could think as he was thrown into the back of the van was that it was a good thing Ned had to stay at school for tutoring. His neck throbbed where the dart had hit him, but the sedative wore off quickly. Obviously whoever this was did not know about his increased metabolism and healing ability. Slowly, Peter squinted his eyes, scanning the back of the van until his gaze settled on two men locked in a deep conversation near the partition. “We don’t want Stark on our trail.”“We’ll be careful. He doesn’t have any tech on him anyways, I checked.”“How long till he wakes up?”Then, the van hit a speed bump, and Peter wasn’t able to stifle the yelp of surprise as his body slammed against the back door. “Well then, look who’s decided to join us.”Peter fully opened his eyes, his spider senses hitting him full force. The two men were complete opposites. One was a short, bald, pudgy looking man, with a sneer that looked as though it was pasted on. The other was tall and lanky, with long, greasy blonde hair. Both wore denim work uniforms, and heavy work boots. “Oh hey,” Peter started, “Didn’t know Forever 21 was selling full on onesies now. Wonder where I can get…”He was cut off by a swift slap across the face by the blonde man. “Shut up, kid,” he spat, and Peter fell silent. Mr. Stark called him that. Kid. Peter knew often he used as a derogatory term, but somehow it struck a nerve deep within him. He lost his dad, and then his uncle. Tony was all he had left, and when he called Peter ‘kid’ he started to feel as though he had someone. Sure, Aunt May was a huge part of his life, but something was always missing. And around Tony, well, he felt complete, like he had everything he needed.Hearing this man, who’d drugged and thrown him into a van call him a name he treasured, something snapped. He let out a growl, and thrashed around wildly. The bindings around his body were simple rope, and in a moment of pure anger he yanked his limbs apart, and they snapped. He lunged forward, crashing into the man, and wrestling him down to the floor, landing punch after punch after punch until a searing pain rocked through his ankle. He fell backwards, and looked up at the shorter man pointing a gun at him, as blood poured from his right ankle.“That should teach you to calm down,” Pudgy snarled. Peter rocked back and forth, trying and failing to hide his short, gasping breaths.. Paralyzed by the pain, he just sat there as the man he dubbed Greasy bound his hands and feet, this time with harsh metal cuffs, and placed a dirty rag in his mouth. “Now,” Pudgy continued, “As you are awake, we may as well discuss the proceedings for the day, well, days to come.”Peter’s mind raced. If they were telling him this, they must be either stupid, or completely confident in their plan. He just hoped it was the former. “You may not recognize us, but you may just know our boss. He’s a real nice guy, goes by the name Vulture?”The crazy eagle thing. Crap, those weapons he had were powerful. Now Peter started to minorly panic as Greasy kept on talking. “Boss said he wanted you dead, but we figured we’d get a little cash out of it too. Solid three million from your friend Mr. Stark. That makes a million for me, him, and her,” he said gesturing to the partition, where another person must’ve been driving the van. Anyways why don’t we start now, hmm?” He gestured up to Greasy who reached up into the top corner and flipped on a camera Peter had failed to notice. The red light started blinking, and Peter’s stomach dropped. Greasy turned to the camera and Pudgy walked around to where Peter was still sprawled on the floor. He reached under Peter’s arms and hauled him to his feet, though he could put no weight whatsoever on his right leg. Fortunately, the bullet wound had stopped bleeding, and looked as though it’d passed straight through. Unfortunately, though Peter was no doctor, he could tell it hit something important, and he knew even with his rapid healing he’d have some trouble with this one. So he stood shakily, trying not to lean into the disgusting man holding him up, but also not wanting Mr. Stark to see his inability to function. He couldn’t give these people what they wanted, especially if it meant more of those weapons could be built. “Well hello Tony,” Greasy crooned, “I’ll keep this short and sweet, yeah? Recognize your little spider without his fancy costume?”Peter tried his best to keep his breathing level, as to minimize the intended effect of the video. “Hey Spidey, what do you want to say to Mr. Stark?” Pudgy asked him, running a dagger along his neck. “Want to ask him to save you? Want to tell him how much it hurts? How hard this is for you?Peter looked up, careful of the blade pressing into his skin.“Uh, hey Mr. Stark… Wanna hear a new Star Wars theory?”Pudgy’s face turned bright red, and he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Parent Pepper Potts
Hurt Peter
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Kid Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapped Peter
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Heavy Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Avengers Family
Protective Avengers
Amputation
Amputee Peter Parker
Healing
Mental Health Issues
Anxiety
References to Depression

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

