Chapter 1



Notes:
Cover art by Celia Golbano:

Hi everyone! I'm a long-time original fiction writer and first-time fanfiction writer, though I have been reading fanfics for ages. Look - I saw Infinity War, I'm Sad™, I decided to work out my feelings by writing out an idea I've had for a while.Before we get started, I should mention that this story will deal with experimentation on children, and torture. I could just be jaded by the world, but I don't think it's any worse than what's already canon in the MCU.Also, this is a slow burn, for reasons which will be pretty obvious, but we'll get there eventually. I promise.I hope you enjoy!PS: I know I'm playing a bit fast and loose with biological clocks here. Howard Stark would be 69 years old in 1986, but Maria doesn't have a listed date of birth in the MCU wiki, so for the sake of this story she's going to be around 50 - by no means a spring chicken, but still likely to have a healthy baby with the best help that 1986 science has to offer.Posting weekly, but may update early every now and then.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
June 2nd, 1986
Stark Mansion, Manhattan“Hey, Tony? You in here?” James Rhodes poked his head through the door of Howard Stark’s workshop, smoothing back his jacket. He’d been to the mansion before, but only ever with Tony to show him around. Today he’d come because Tony hadn’t returned to MIT after the weekend, and wasn’t picking up the phone. So Rhodes had driven himself on down to New York to check on him. He was nice like that. Of course, he’d started feeling less nice and more like a visitor to a foreign nation when aides and assistants and a very suspicious butler questioned his intentions and then finally let him into the workshop.Of course, there Tony was: sitting cross-legged on the floor in the middle of the enormous workshop, peering down the length of a metal tube with a torch in his mouth and a screwdriver in his hand. He looked like he hadn’t slept or washed in a day or so; his mop of dark hair was straggled across his forehead, and there was a large oil stain on his sweater. A warzone of metal parts, tools and wiring radiated out from where he sat.“I don’t know why I bothered,” Rhodes sighed, picking his way through the mess of mechanics.The genius sixteen-year-old finally glanced up, and Rhodes saw the redness in his eyes. “Rhodey!” Tony mumbled out around the torch in his mouth, then dropped the metal tube on his foot. “Ah, shit.”“Hey Tony,” Rhodes greeted, then squatted down by his friend. There was a boxy computer hooked up to parts of the machinery, running lines of green code. “You get caught up in your robot again? Forget which day of the week it is?”Tony shrugged, and finally took the torch out of his mouth. “Nah.” “You weren’t answering the phone.”Tony looked over his shoulder, and Rhodes followed his gaze to see the workshop phone hanging from its cord. “Ah. That’d be why, then. Come on, man, what gives?”Tony picked up a circuit board and began attacking it with a soldering iron. “My mom gave birth today.”“Holy shit!” Rhodes exclaimed. He hadn’t even considered that as a possibility for Tony’s absence, and he’d heard of little else over the past nine months – not so much from Tony, who got ornery and mouthy whenever it was brought up, but the news (and many of their college professors) were excited by the prospect of another Stark child. Especially so late in Howard’s life, the kid was being hailed as a ‘miracle baby’. Rhodes privately thought it would be a miracle if Tony and his new sibling got through their respective childhoods without multiple complexes. “And it’s… I mean… is it…”Tony rolled his eyes. “It is a girl, they called her ‘Margaret Abigail Stark.’” He snorted. “It’s an old lady’s name.”“It ain’t much better than ‘Anthony’.” Rhodes was rewarded when Tony threw a bolt at him without looking up from the circuit board.“I heard them arguing a few weeks ago about girls names, mom asked him to name one woman he hadn’t slept with.” He snorted again, and then hissed when the soldering iron nicked his finger. “I guess they went with that theme.”“Did you go to the hospital?”“Nah. Dad called and told me to come visit, but…” Tony gestured at the dangling phone, and then at the chaos around him. “I’m busy.”Rhodes sat back, narrowly avoiding knocking over the computer, and watched his friend mangle the circuit board while pretending to repair it. James Rhodes was not a genius, as he was reminded nearly every day, but even he recognised a faulty solder joint when he saw it.“Hey Tony,” Rhodes eventually said, cocking his head.“Yeah?”“You stink. Go get in the shower, and I’ll track down your weird fancy butler and get him to make you a cup of coffee.”Tony’s eyes narrowed. “What then?”“Then I’m going to drive you to the hospital. C’mon,” Rhodes got to his feet, and offered Tony a hand. Thankfully he took it, only narrowly missing taking out Rhodes’s ankle with t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Original Female Character - Freeform
Canon-Typical Violence
Tony Stark's Sister
Stark Siblings - Freeform
Nicknames
Humor
Angst
Action/Adventure
Romance
Slow Burn
seriously
Human Experimentation
Hydra
The Wyvern
The Winter Soldier - Freeform
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Protect Dum-E at all costs
Family
Courtroom Drama

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

