Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
May had thought about it time and time again. For months, all she did was go back and forth on the decision, unsure of what to do.
And then Thanos came.
May watched as New York was attacked, and then Wakanda. She saw the news anchor disappear live on TV, and then lived through the scramble of trying to figure out was happened.
May never turned to dust, which was ironic, considering her condition, but she knew Peter had. With a snap of a finger, her Peter was gone from his world, never to exist, and it happened across the universe from her, on a planet called Titan. Tony had told her everything later.
Then, she saw Tony Stark come home, from across the Universe, where Peter had died. She saw him raise hell, travel time, and all but wield the gauntlet himself to get Peter back, and he succeeded. That was when May decided once and for all what she was going to do.
If Tony Stark brought Peter back from Thanos, then she knew he could do what she wouldn’t be able to for much longer in the future. He had never been the most responsible man alive, but she knew Peter would be better off with him rather than in foster care.
May could feel her disease in her bones, these days. It was sucking the life out of her. Still, she knew she could never afford the treatment, and it wouldn’t work anyways. The cancer had progressed too far when she found out. Her chances of survival were slim to none. If she told Peter she knew he would make her undergo chemotherapy, even though it wouldn't do anything to help her.
Maybe that was why she couldn’t tell him. May knew Peter had learned one thing from Tony Stark – that anything was possible if you tried hard enough. But May was a tired woman. She loved Peter too much to see him devote his life to hers while it was being drawn away. He had already lost six months of his life because of Thanos. Peter deserved to live, especially after being snapped out of existence.
May had known from the moment she was diagnosed that Peter wouldn’t know, but May also knew Peter would probably hate her for it. So, as she amended her will, giving custody of sixteen year old Peter Parker to Tony Stark, she also wrote him a letter to explain herself.
She hoped one day he would understand.
 -
Two months later, May collapsed in the kitchen. It was not the first time, but she had a feeling it would be the last. Peter was home this time, and in his room. May had no doubt that he heard it, especially with his enhanced hearing.
“Hey, May?” Peter said, coming out of his room, with his headphones slung around his shoulder. “Did you drop something?”
He rounded the corner to see May on the floor, and he quickly jumped into action.
“Oh my God, Aunt May, are you alright? Did you just fall or something? Do you need me to call a doctor?” Peter said. He was talking a mile a minute, kneeling next to her worriedly. This was normal for him whenever he was slightly anxious.
May had been feeling progressively worse over time, and she knew it was coming. She hadn't made it though a day without falling in what felt like forever. Her body was giving out on her, just like the doctors had said it would.
“Peter, I’m sorry.” May said, her voice sounding weak to her own ears.
“You’re sorry?” Peter replied, sounding confused. “I don’t understand. Something's not right, May. What’s going on?”
May grabbed Peter’s wrist with what little strength she had left.
“Just remember, I never wanted you to hate me. I just wanted you to be happy.” May said. Her vision was going black. This was it; it was her time. “You’re going to be okay. I made sure of that.”
“May, you’re scaring me.” Peter said. “That’s it; I'm calling an ambulance.”
Peter jerked his hand away so he could grab his phone, but May knew her would never reach her in time. Her vision was gone, and her head swimming. She heard Peter talking to the first responder on the phone, before even that went away.
May was only grateful she got to say what she did before it was her time, because it was all she could do. 
She had always been told there would be a light when she died, and there was. It was orange, and brighter than anything she had ever seen, but it was there. 




Notes:

Edited: 09/08/2018
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
i'll add more later
Some Infinity War Spoilers
Post Infinity War
dad tony
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony has to be a parent and he has to clue what to do
Peter has to learn to ask for help
Some angst
Some Humor
It's all not sad
But its not all roses either
Iron Dad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Parent Tony Stark
background Tony Stark/Pepper Potts - Freeform
Probably an AU once more info on Avengers 4 comes out
suicide warning
nothing graphic
blood mention

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

