Work Text:
"Friday, am I dreaming right now?""I am 100% sure you are not currently in the process of your REM cycle, boss."Well, fuck him sideways and call him Jesus, Tony must have been dreaming because there was no other reasonable explanation for the sight he was witness to. Tony brought a hand up to his face and pinched his right cheek, testing to make absolutely sure he wasn't, in fact, sleeping. Sure enough, he felt the stinging pain of the pinch but nothing really changed. The band of merry idiots was still in front of him, staring expectantly (well except for the green chick, who looked seconds away from facepalming or stabbing him, he wasn't sure which one it was) and waiting for his reaction."Uh, I'm sorry, what? Run that by me again?" Tony blinked in confusion, gesturing with his hand for the leader --Star-Lord, he had said-- to repeat himself. This time, Tony hoped he could focus on the actual words, rather than the talking, small tree arguing with the talking, small raccoon over whether to just steal some supplies from Tony and be done with it faster or just waste time explaining themselves to a terran.Star-Lord sighed but repeated his story with so much strained, practiced calm, Tony suspected there was a lot of experience behind it."We are the Guardians of the Galaxy, intergalactic heroes, known throughout the cosmos. Our ship broke down and we had to make a quick landing before more damage could be done, somewhere we could find pieces to fix the ship. Terra was the closest planet and we landed a few miles away from here in the forest. We don't ask for much, just a hand with fixing the ship then we're out of your hair."Tony nodded in understanding. Well, as much understanding as he could, given the circumstances. Tony wasn't going to lie, the prospect of aliens crashing down on Earth because of maintenance issues was both terrifying and exciting. The man inside him, Iron Man, the one who had flown through a wormhole and destroyed an entire army of Chitauri with a nuke, was terrified to be faced with another group of aliens. Granted, they looked nothing like the Chitauri had and seemed harmless enough (or at least non-threatening. The green chick and the gray-ish guy with red marks all over his body didn't look exactly innocuous), plus there was the whole crashed alien ship in his backyard (kind of) thing. This is where the child in him, always curious and wondering about the sky, the stars and anything in between, the scientist thirsty for knowledge, and the mechanic eager to get his hands on something new and challenging came into play. Tony's hands were itching to get a feel of the Guardians' ship, to take a peek here and a peek there, trying (and obviously succeeding) to figure it out and untangle its mysteries.Well, Tony Stark had never really been known for his self-preservation instincts anyway."Sure, lead the way and I'll take a look, see what I can do."The entire team nodded, sighing in relief at Tony's positive. Green-chick lowered her sword but didn't otherwise put it away, choosing to keep it on hand and swing it every once in a while as she walked. Star-Lord led the way, Tony following closely behind while the others surrounded him either on his sides or at the back. In a way, to an outsider it must have looked like they were flanking Tony.A couple miles away from the compound, a little ways ahead, the ship came into view. Trees had been knocked down or bent at awkward angles when the ship made contact with the land, and the ground surrounding it (but mostly near the engine) was scorched. The most obvious thing wrong with the ship was the missing right wing."We broke that when we landed. The wing must be around here somewhere. Drax and Groot will get right on it, isn't that right, guys?" Star-Lord supplied, punctuating the last phrase to gain the two's attention from their bickering. It seemed to Tony like everyone was bickering on this team, though nothing appeared harmful or intended to be offensive (not even from the raccoon, who had called Star-Lord a dumbass under his breath when he first presented himself to Tony as the captain). It was such a stark contrast from Tony's old team, it made old wounds crack open a bit."Let me show you the inside of the ship, that's where the problem is. Rocket, come with, you can explain it better than I can," Star-Lord ordered, but not unkindly. The raccoon nodded, grabbed the gun he had laid on the ground then started towards the ship's entrance. "Gamora, keep watch and please, make sure those idiots come back by the time we're finished here." The scary green alien nodded, brow furrowed in annoyance."Come on in, Mister..." Star-Lord trailed off, his arms open in an inviting gesture at the entrance."Stark. Tony. Please call me Tony, Mr. Stark is too formal," Tony replied as he stepped up on the ship. He took off his shades, tucking them away in a pocket, and stared in utter awe and bewilderment at the inside of the ship. He honestly didn't know
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Gamora
(background)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Quill & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Swearing
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Character Bashing
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
one infinity war quote
Thor Ragnarok SPOILERS
Guardians of the Galaxy spoilers
Strangers to Lovers
Fluff and Smut
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Cuddling & Snuggling
Top Peter Quill
Bottom Tony Stark
Protective guardians
Protective Peter Quill
Protective Peter Parker
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark understands Groot
iron dad & spider son
Tony fucks off to space

fandom: 
Peter Quill/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Gamora
(background)
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Quill & Peter Parker

