Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It was over.
Ten years earlier, Tony Stark decided to commit to this whole hero business. He made that announcement, he took the code name, he did the PR interviews, he upgraded suit after suit after suit after suit. In the years that followed, he learned what the stakes really were. This was far beyond a betrayal by an old family friend of Tony's. It was even beyond one Asgardian prick who tried to invade New York, or robots taking over the world. During the course of his stint as Iron Man, Tony had learned that the stakes weren't targeted deaths or destroyed buildings, like he'd once thought in a beautiful home on the Malibu coastline.
The real stakes they faced were the end to everything.
And they'd lost.
It was over.
Everything was over.
He was alone on a dead planet, without even the bodies of the people he hadn't been able to save. Those space-faring lunatics had disappeared into nothing while he watched. The big guys just seemed confused, as did the girl with the alien antenna, but the blue one had simply laughed bitterly and shaken her head as she watched herself blow away on the wind. Dead, she was the only one who'd actually been able to accept what was happening.
Tony couldn't accept it. Peter's death was a gaping wound that wouldn't close, like it had felt when Obadiah ripped that arc reactor out of his chest. Back then, he'd had a goal to reach: get to that back-up reactor and he'd have a chance. There was no more back-up, now. They had their chance. They'd lost. He'd lost. And now it was his job to sit on an alien planet, entirely alone, with nothing but his realization of failure to keep him company.
His fingers twitched against his remaining blaster.
He had a way out, at least. But, considering how he'd failed everyone—how he'd failed the kid—it probably wasn't fair to take that easy exit. Dehydration was supposed to be a painful death and he deserved that.
When he heard someone else, it took him a second to realize what that noise meant.
Someone else was alive. With a sudden inhalation, Tony leapt to his feet and spun wildly, searching for whoever was there. Wait. Who was even left? Who hadn't he watched disappear? There was only—
"I'm sorry. It was the only way," Stephen Strange said in apology. He was flat on the ground, hidden behind wreckage from their earlier fight against Thanos. With the red of the Cloak spilling around him, it took Tony a second to notice that red was on his hands, too.
He's hurt, Tony realized. Whatever stupid fucking reason he'd had for handing over that Time Stone, they could deal with it later. There was exactly one person left for Tony to save and he was not going to watch that person die like he'd watched everyone else leave him.
"Let me get that," Tony said and knelt at Stephen's side. His fingers tapped the nano-sealed wound in his own abdomen. 
"Wait," Stephen said. Short, pained breaths were coming out of him. "I can tell that I'm developing a hemothorax. It needs to be resolved."
"Okay," Tony said uncertainly, with no clue what that meant.
Stephen didn't bother filling him in. "Can that nanogoop of yours form a tube?" His bloody hand lifted off his chest. Though Tony had expected to see a dramatic puncture wound under it, the only blood came from a relatively shallow wound in his side. His chest, where he'd been desperately clutching, looked uninjured. Lifting his shaking hand, he extended his fingers to show certain dimensions. "About that long, this big in diameter?"
A few seconds later, Tony had formed the requested object. "Now what?"
"Move my clothing enough to expose this spot," Stephen said and tapped a place below his heart, on his left side. "Feel for the ribs there."
Tony frowned. He didn't like where this was going. With the hand not holding the nanotube, he pried one side of Stephen's overlapping shirt material out of the way and sucked in a deep breath at what was under it. Now he saw why the man had been ignoring the wound further down. A purple, bloody flower bloomed under Stephen's pale skin. When he pushed hard enough to feel the ribs, as instructed, Tony realized that the amount of blood was making Stephen's chest rigid and unyielding.
He's dying, Tony realized and felt sweat bead on his upper lip. He's dying right in front of me. Like everyone else.
"Stark," Stephen snapped, "have you located the spot between the ribs?"
The man's harsh tone was a lifeline to reality. "Yeah. Got it."
"You need to direct that tube between the ribs and into the pleural cavity so that the excess blood can drain." When Tony just stared back, Stephen rolled his eyes and clarified, "Make a hole and then shove that tube into me."
"You seriously want me to stab you in the chest."
"I am telling you," Stephen gritted out, "that I need your help to save me. So unless you want to watch me die, I recommend that you follow my directions. Now." His breaths were rapid, shallow drumbeats.
After a sick, cold twist at the base of his stomach, Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Blood and Injury
Canonical Character Death
Slow Burn
An awfully convenient shipper a/u where one person in the ending gets exchanged for another
Just Roll With It
If you are only here for the listed pair: fair warning that canon relationships are not ignored
Possible Character Death

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

