Chapter 1: The Scavengers
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
„Every great magic trick consists of three parts or acts. The first part is called "The Pledge". The magician shows you something ordinary: a deck of cards, a bird or a man. He shows you this object. Perhaps he asks you to inspect it to see if it is indeed real, unaltered, normal. But of course... it probably isn't. The second act is called "The Turn". The magician takes the ordinary something and makes it do something extraordinary. Now you're looking for the secret... but you won't find it, because of course you're not really looking. You don't really want to know. You want to be fooled. But you wouldn't clap yet. Because making something disappear isn't enough; you have to bring it back. That's why every magic trick has a third act, the hardest part, the part we call "The Prestige".“ (Cutter, in The Prestige (2006)) The way they caught Loki did not sit right with Tony Stark. Of course he was happy in a way, and relieved, everyone was happy, and relieved. One more supervillain tucked safely away in a SHIELD cell dozens of feet under the ground, bound with magic-repressing manacles, ready to be shipped off by Tor to the magic space Viking place, put him in a cell there, throw away the key. Phew.Of course, there had been New York, but what Loki had pulled off after the alien invasion had managed to make Tony not any less nervous.At first, after Thor had brought him to Asgard, there had been no news at all, which was good news, in anyone’s opinion.And then, Jane had told them that the trickster was dead – having sacrificed himself to save her of all people, what the actual fuck? – but, you know, whatever.And then, about a year after that, Loki had pulled the first trick.And then the next.And then the next.And then the next.Four times, he had shown his face on Earth, and each time, he had stolen something. And slowly, reluctantly, Tony had come to realise that maybe, just maybe, New York hadn’t given them the full picture of what Loki could do. Like teleportation. Or cloning himself. Or being caught in a bank robbery, only to have all the guards and policemen dance to a musical tune coming from nowhere while he was walking away, laughing. Only one time of the four, Loki had let it come to an actual fight, and at that occasion, he had proven to be a vicious bastard in hand to hand combat. Don’t get Tony even started on those knifes. Those pain-in-the-ass-sometimes-literally knifes.And then there was what Loki actually fought for. Breaking into SHIELD and stealing information and an alien artefact found after the Chitauri invasion and that nobody even understood… made sense. Breaking into the Louvre only to steal an ancient piece of string less so, but, hell, who knew what that was good for. Maybe Loki had planned to hang himself and only this string could do it – and wouldn’t that be a weight off some people’s chests. Nobody ever found out exactly what he stole from Wakanda, but it probably had to do with vibranium. T’Challa was furious in any case, and Tony hadn’t even been there to see it and make bad pussy jokes, since he was, at the time, busy being kidnapped by alien mercenaries and all.No fun times.Well, parts of the kidnapping had been funny. If you squinted. Long enough.And at least Tony had returned with a fucking spaceship, and Earth – or at least, Stark Industries – had a better chance now than ever at doing the whole interstellar travel soon.But the Swiss clock?Like – it was just a clock. A very good clock, from what Tony had heard, but still. What on earth – or maybe not Earth, because there were long stretches of time they saw and heard nothing of Loki at all and who knew where he was then and what he was doing – was Loki planning that involved a rare and improbably precise clock from the Middle Ages?He had even gone to great lengths, stealing this one. Musical with dancing guards and showdown between him and the Avengers in Geneva and everything, and Gods, Tony was so glad not to have missed this at least. If only for the thank-you chocolate.But still, all that trouble. For a clock.And then, after once more months had passed without any news on Tall, Dark and Brooding, Loki had reappeared, out of nowhere, in Central Park, looking like he had had a close encounter with the Hulk. No, scratch that, he had looked better after the Hulk. He had not been bleeding, for instance. Like, profusely, from several wounds. With bruises everywhere. His clothes singed. Smoking a bit. Swaying on his feet.He had still put up a fight. He had still been a pain in the ass.Majorly. So, yeah, sure, it had been relieving to finally see him go down. Get knocked out cold. He had even stayed unconscious long enough for SHIELD to put those manacles on him – courtesy of Dr. Strange, the guy who doesn’t need a secret identity because nobody would guess that to be his real name. Everyone let go of a breath the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark/trust-issues
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Hela/Death

freeform: 
Past Rape/Non-con
Past Torture
Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Depression
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Violence
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Thor is not a good brother
But he tries to be better
Not Asgard-friendly
Fantastic Racism
Self-Hatred
Siblings
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
BAMF Tony Stark
Slow Burn
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Suicidal Thoughts
sort-of suicide attempts
Poor Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Jotunn (Marvel)
Internalized Homophobia
Homophobia
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Natasha Romanov probably too... somewhere with the other trophies
Loki'd (Marvel)
Presumed Dead
rape flashback
torture flashback
Mental Health Issues
Warning: Loki (Marvel)
Unreliable Narrator
I bear the mark of the evil author
Fuck Marvel I'm doing epic the epic way
so this is going to be long
Eating Disorders
Eventual Happy Ending
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
Slow Build
world building
Magical Theory
Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Loki is a mess
I mean the not Asgard-friendly tag
Harm to Children
Temporary Character Death
I will never truly understand the concept of 'too much whump'
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Parent Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark/trust-issues
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Hela/Death

