Work Text:

All his life Loki was aware of the fact that he was different. There was a crippling feeling of never being good enough that came with it, as well as a lot of things he didn’t understand, but the urge to fit in and to be good enough and worthy was stronger than them for most of his life. It was a difficult task, especially for a young child like him, but he tried, he really did. Luckily his mother was always there to encourage him and helped him feel more included by teaching him magic, but it stayed difficult, even with her support.

Then, shortly after he had turned sixteen, things changed drastically. One morning Loki woke up in cold sweat, a slicking wetness between his legs that he couldn’t explain and an agonizing fear in his heart. He thought he was bleeding and cried out for his mother, completely mortified and helpless. She came rushing into his room within minutes and dropped to her knees, holding his shaking hand. Loki had needed a long time to calm down enough to explain to her what was happening and after he did and looked at her for help and advice, he had noticed the unfamiliar dreadful expression on her face.

It was this moment when he finally found out the truth. He had cried, he had screamed and at one point cursed his parents and all of Asgard for lying to him, but eventually, after many hours, he began to understand and accept. His mother was caring and understanding, even took his hurtful words without blaming him for a single one of them, and Loki knew that he would have never been able to go through this without her. Without her, he would have believed he was a monster.

Over the next couple of months, he learned more about his heritage and just how different he truly was. He retreated from his brother Thor, who he knew wouldn’t understand and whom he hurt with his sudden change of behavior, but he knew it was for the better. The only one he openly talked to anymore was his mother, who did all she could to help her son get through this dark time of his life. As a frost giant, Loki was not only of the race that had always tried to destroy Asgard, but he was also different from the people he now lived with and those differences were what caused his misery.

Loki might not be a real frost giant, as his mother explained, because when Odin had found him abandoned in the isolation of Jotunheim, he had found an infant no bigger than an Asgarian one, but their blood still ran through his veins and it brought a lot of complications with it once he had come of age. His mother was the one to break to him that what he was suffering from shortly after his birthday was a so-called heat and that it was a common thing for Jotun omegas to happen. He didn’t understand, but once she had explained everything, Loki felt like someone had just smashed his whole world into millions of pieces.

He was angry, hurt and felt betrayed, but there was nothing to do about it. In the hierarchy of Jotunheim, omegas were barely more than breeding machines, whether they were willing or not. They were reduced to bearing children and nurturing them until they would leave and another would take their place. Those news were a nightmare after Loki had always tried to compete with his brother in terms of who the strongest of them was. He had never felt submissive, never once thought he would be humiliated like this, and yet here he was; barely seventeen and with a fate so awful and disgusting that it reduced him to tears.

Loki didn’t want to accept this curse of nature, not if he had the slightest chance to fight it. It took him months to finally break out of his depression and numbness over his fate, but eventually he got back on his feet and decided that he would not fall victim to it. Once a month Loki retreated into his chambers for a few days in which his only company was his mother, who helped him through his pathetic and disgusting heats and who tried her best to keep him sane during those days, but other than that he tried to act as if nothing had changed. Loki hated those forced isolations and how vulnerable and desperate he was during them and if it wasn’t for his mother, he surely would have gone mad.

When he was not reduced to a sweating, leaking and unbelievably horny mess, Loki did all he could to be just as everyone else. He knew he would never be like them, but his marquerade was all that kept him from isolating himself forever. The worst of all was yet about to come, however, and Loki could not have anticipated it even if he tried. When all of this had started, he and Thor had been very close and had spent a lot of time together. After he began retreating himself, however, Thor found distraction elsewhere and maybe this was one of the reasons things became more and more difficult for Loki to handle.

As an Omega, Loki’s natural instincts made him crave for an Alpha. It was an impossible thing to fight, he had tried embarrassingly hard to do that. His body craved someone to dominate him, to claim
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
omega!Loki
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Pining
Unrequited Love
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Secrets
Animalistic Sex
Mating
Claiming
many tears
And Many Feelings
Self-Esteem Issues

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

