Chapter 1: Hot Under the Collar
    


Notes:
Obviously this work is based on the property of Marvel Comics and the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Archive warnings may change in the future. This is the first story I've posted to AO3, so I apologize for any issues with formatting. Any comments and critiques are more than welcome; I aspire to be a writer, so I always want to get better!Edit: I had a request to add Non-Con/Dub-Con tags.  I added Dub-Con because I feel that warning is more accurate.  It may change in the future to Non-Con depending on where the story goes.




Chapter Text

The sound of sirens pierced Peter's ears. He had been slumped over, splay-legged, his head resting on his forearms, trying not to fall asleep in his politics lecture. Now, however, he was wide awake. It was hard enough to block out the various little sounds that went on in a classroom setting. Pencils thwacking against the covers of textbooks, the clock cracking each second out like a gunshot, the way Ned's nose whistled almost imperceptibly every time he inhaled – Peter had learned to focus through the sensory input. But sirens, he couldn't ignore.
 
On the other hand, his classmates all looked as though they could sleep through just about anything. Only a couple of Alphas, who had more sensitive hearing than others, had even glanced toward the window. Nobody had even noticed that “Penis” Parker, the distant, nerdy Beta, had shot bolt upright, scanning the wide swath of windows on the east side of the classroom, waiting for telltale flashing lights. Nobody except Michelle, who had briefly glared at him out of the edge of her vision before returning her gaze to her copy of Nietzsche's “Beyond Good and Evil.” Peter swallowed and glanced at the clock.
 
Thirteen minutes left of class.
 
The sirens were 

woo

-ing ever closer, and now Peter could see red, flashing light tinting the edge of the upper windowpane. Of course the police cars were speeding by below his view out the window, but he knew they were there. The practically deafening sound was proof of that.
 
He shot his hand into the air and waited all of two seconds before losing his patience and saying loudly, “May I use the bathroom?” Ms. Gonzalez, somewhat startled, shot him a look not unlike the one that Michelle had sent his way a moment before. Peter tried to look as innocent as possible.
 
“I would appreciate it if you could wait until class is over, Mr. Parker.”  She gestured toward scribbled text on the whiteboard. “You’re not going to get out of the assignment, you know.  Everyone is writing the essay about the logical flaws in the Sokovia Accords and the aftermath of the battle of the Avengers in Germany.”
 

I definitely know more about it than you do,

 Peter thought impatiently, entertaining briefly the thought of Ms. Gonzalez’s face if he were to turn in the essay in the first person.  Still, he stood up and sidled past Ned's desk toward the door. “Essay, Sokovia, Germany, superheroes, got it. Sorry, I really gotta go.” He was out the door before Ms. Gonzalez could get another coherent sentence to him.
 
It was a short sprint to his locker. He spun his code, grabbed his backpack, and slammed the door shut, the groaning of the metal ringing in his ears along with the now-fading sirens. It would have been a straight shot to the front door if he didn't need to avoid Principal Morita, who was coming out of his office at that very moment. A few seconds of crouching behind a trophy case, and he was home free.
 
As the November air hit his face, Peter couldn't help but think that this what he lived for. It had been about a month and a half since he'd been forced to set aside his life as Spider-Man, even very briefly, after the Staten Island Ferry incident. But now, with his high-tech suit back, Queens was essentially his oyster. And he had promised Mr. Stark that he would be a “friendly, neighborhood Spider-Man.” If that meant stopping petty theft most of the time, so be it. However, he figured the occasional felony-scale activity was something he could assist the police in handling. Even though he didn't always know what they were for, he had a habit of following police cars with their sirens on now. If it was something he could help with, he'd swoop in and save the day. If not, he'd watch in case there was something he could do. Already he'd saved a middle-aged woman from a fire in a restaurant kitchen, webbed up a burglar who was escaping from a mini-mart, and stopped a high-speed chase (or as high as a speed could get, in Queens).
 
Today, Peter was in the mood for something exciting.
 
He ducked into an alley a few blocks from his school, in the general direction that the sirens were headed. It had taken the loss of five backpacks to learn not to web them to dumpsters, so instead he wrestled into his suit, slammed his chest to make the fabric skin-tight, and slung his backpack on again. If he was about to get into a tussle, he'd ditch it somewhere safe and come 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade
BAMF Peter Parker
Virgin Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Dubious Consent
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Hints of Peter Parker/Michelle Jones

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

