Work Text:

By the time that Tony parked in front of the apartment building that May and Peter lived in the sun was just beginning to rise over the iconic skyline of New York City. Glancing at the console’s clock he saw that it 6:00 AM, and couldn’t help but let out a sleepy groan. 

It is way too early for this,

 Tony thought to himself. 

I mean, who the Hell would want to have a field trip so early in the morning?



Tony sent out a quick text to the kid to let him know that he was outside as he hummed along to the 

Black Sabbath

 currently playing in his car. Luckily he didn’t have to wait long as Peter practically flew out of the building, looking way to happy to be awake at such an early time. He bounded up to the car and grinned as he opened the door. “Good morning Mr. Stark!”


Tony tried to give him smile back, but it came out more like a grimace. “Morning kiddo.”


“You look like Hell!” Peter chirped, settling himself in the passenger seat as he pulled on his seat belt. “Haven’t had your coffee yet? Or let me guess, you went to sleep way too late because you were working on something in your workshop?”


“You know me way too well, kid,” Tony shook his head fondly, driving off for Midtown High School.


Peter frowned and scrunched up his nose. “Mr. Stark, you gotta stop doing that, you need to sleep more, or at least at a reasonable time.”


“Now you’re sounding just like Pepper,” Tony chuckled, stopping at a red light. He leaned over to ruffle Peter’s hair, and the kid squawked indignantly. “Anyways, kid, where are we even going on this little field trip today? Probably some boring old museum, huh?”


“Well, you’re close,” Peter beamed as he fixed his hair in the passenger’s vanity mirror. “We’re actually going to Liberty Science Center!”


“The museum in Jersey City?” Tony blinked.


“It’s not a museum, it’s a science center actually,” Peter said, rolling his eyes.


“Practically the same thing, but whatever. Why is your school going all the way across the river if there’s a ton of museums and science centers here in the City?”


“Cuz we always go to the same places every time,” Peter groaned. “The teacher let us put it up to a vote, and LSC got the majority of the vote. Plus LSC has a zoo, and the bodies exhibit, and even has the biggest IMAX theater in the US!”


Tony couldn’t help but chuckle because holy crap, this kid was too cute for words sometimes. “That sounds like a lot of fun, bud. Is there anything I should know ahead of time?”


“Not really. Well, I mean, Mr. Osorio’s gonna go over all the rules of being a chaperone with you before we go I’m sure. It’s not that hard, though, you’re only gonna have to chaperone me, Michelle, and like two other kids.”


“My toughest mission yet,” Tony teased. 


“Whatever,” Peter replied, disconnecting Tony’s phone to connect his own. The car switched from playing 

Black Sabbath 

to 

Coldplay 

as Peter bounced in his seat along to the song.


“Who said you could change my music?” Tony asked with no real heat in his voice. In fact, his voice held that particular form of fondness that was reserved for the Spider-Kid sitting next to him.


“You know you secretly love this song,” Peter sassed back. “I heard you humming it the other day in the lab.”


“Yeah, because you keep playing it and it got stuck in my head!”


Peter laughed, and that made Tony smile because after everything that happened in the past year, it was hard to make Peter laugh like that. “Whatever you say, Mr. Stark.”

 

It was 6:30 by the time the duo made it to Peter’s high school and they weren’t even the first to arrive. Already sitting on the front steps were about twenty students and a tired looking adult with a lanyard around his neck. He perked up when he saw Peter and Tony making their way over to him. The kids around him whispered excitedly as they caught sight of Tony Stark.


“Holy crap, I didn’t think Peter was being serious, why-”


“-how the Hell does Peter Parker even know-”


“-oh my God, would it be rude to ask for a picture?!”


“I should’ve worn something better-”


Peter couldn’t help but blush as his enhanced hearing caught the excited chatter of his classmates. He had never really realized how few people actually believed him when he said he was interning Mr. Stark.


“Peter! Mr. Stark! Hello, I’m glad you two could make it!” Mr. Osorio greeted as Mr. Stark shook his teacher’s hand.


“Good morning, I’m assuming you must be the man I spoke to yesterday evening, happy to meet you in person.”


While Peter’s teacher and Mr. Stark continued to converse Peter made his way over to his other classmates.


“What the Hell Peter! You actually know Tony Stark??” Lara Crayers asked excitedly. 


Peter knit his eyebrows together. “I mean, I didn’t exactly keep me being Mr. Stark’s intern a secret.”


“Yeah but we all thought you were kidding!” Luis Ruiz pipped up.


Peter shrugged as he bit his lip. “I mean, I don’t know what to tell you?”


“Why couldn’t you aunt come aga
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Slight References to Infinity War
but not really any spoilers
Field Trip
Bullying
Tony Stark is a Good Dad
Iron Dad
Spider-son
Iron Dad & Spider-Son
Precious Peter Parker
Fluff

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

