Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter is the sweetest person you’ve ever known. Joking with you, taking you out to his favorite local places, making sure you are always comfortable. Peter was so thoughtful, bringing your favorite candy and providing a shoulder to cry on when school bogged you down. Peter’s kindness and warmth always brought a smile to your face. He was your best friend, you love how he’d stop by yours whenever he was in the neighborhood for a quick chat or just to have lunch together. His heart was so pure and gentle, so how could you not fall for him? He treated you in a way no one has ever treated you before. He was witty and smart and honestly you couldn’t see him not being in your life.A lot of people already thought you were dating with how attached you two were to each other.  Why not make that next step? He always is right there when you texted him that another date didn’t show up and would arrive to that restaurant or movie and make you feel like the only girl in the whole world and telling you how much you deserve someone that will treasure you and treat you how you should be treated. You knew he was annoyed when someone tries to ask you out and would berate them for not even getting to know you first before trying to date you. Not just any one can date one of his best friends.You loved how thoughtful he was and how insistent he was, even if it was a little embarrassing, about how you should meet with Mr. Stark and possibly work for him one day. That the two of you could both work for him since wouldn’t it be amazing to work together. And to not worry, even if you don’t want a career in the science field it’s fine Mr. Stark has lots of different kinds of job and careers you could do. You could even be “my own personal manager” Peter joked. And if you worked together you could even live together to save money and binge watch even more series and learn to cook together and learn to be an adult with each other’s support and wouldn’t that be a blast? Peter didn’t bring it up that often, but he always did with a smile. What a joker.You didn’t notice your other male friends slowly trickling out of your life. You didn’t notice your male friends trying to approach you, even if only to warn you, only to be stopped by a glare from the nicest person you have ever met. You didn’t see him cornering your friends and telling them to stay away. You felt lucky even that Peter and Ned stayed remained when all your other friends left. They both brightened your day, even if you weren’t as close to Ned. Ned seemed more interested in video games and Lego build sets than you were, so it was hard for the two of you to get closer. But it didn’t bother you, you had Peter.You didn’t notice his possessive gaze when you asked for his jacket because somehow you lost yours today and you were so sure you put it in your backpack that morning you felt bad that you keep being so forgetful and he joked about how he wears jackets just for you, that smooth talker. It made you blush every time and you couldn’t help but feel a little special wrapped up in his scent even though you thought he was just being a good friend. You just promise yourself to not be so forgetful and remind yourself to stop misplacing it.You were nervous. This was your best friend you are talking about and you don’t want to ever ruin the relationship you currently have with him by wanting something more. All you knew is that you wanted to spend your life by his side and you don’t know how you would cope if you were rejected. He’s been very busy with his internship and you always have that worry that he’ll forget you because of it or even worse- fall in love with another intern. He’s never blown you off or anything really, but he hasn’t stopped by as much and you can’t help the insecure thoughts that race in your mind. You have been a little more distant at school, so you could figure out your feelings and worried you might hurt him by doing so. You just hope that he was too distracted by everything else going in his life to notice and get sad or find some other girl to date. You were sitting outside after a particularly anxious day of avoiding Peter. He’s getting worried, so you need to figure yourself out soon. You couldn’t sleep with how worried you were and wished that you could just figure out how to tell him your feelings in a way that wouldn’t scare him off. A voice interrupted your thoughts.“What’s a cutie like you doing out so late?” Looking to your side you see Spider-Man balancing on the railing of the fire escape.“Spider-Man! Oh wow, it’s a surprise to see you here,” You exclaimed. It was rare for you to see the local hero up so close, but it isn’t unusual for him to speak with regular every day citizens like yourself.“That’s me! you’re friendly neighborhood Spider-Man! Nice to meet you, cutie. Now, why don’t you tell me what’s keeping you up so late? I need to make sure such an eye-catching person like yourself gets back to sleep safe and so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Spiderman/Reader

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Mildly Dubious Consent
Impregnation
Reader-Insert
Yandere
Light Bondage
Praise Kink
Obsessive Behavior

fandom: 
Spiderman/Reader

