Chapter 1: All the best, P. Parker
    


Summary:

Peter sends a letter.





Chapter Text
 20 Ingram Street
Flushing, New York, 11375
United States of AmericaMay 19th, 2012Dear Mr. Stark (or whoever screens his mail), I wanted to write a good old-fashioned letter to Stark Industries, thanking them for paying a lot of the damage done by the Battle of New York. I haven’t seen any news coverage of it, but I did my research and found out that S.I. is almost single-handedly paying for the repairs of the Greater New York area, including Queens, which is where I live. My English teacher tasked us with writing a letter, but I was really excited about it anyway, because you’re my hero, Mr. Stark.I understand that the media is always portraying you (Mr. Stark) as a selfish party-er who has a new girlfriend every week,  that’s what my aunt says, at least. I think it’s all bogus because you seem really nice and respectful to the women you actually talk to  but S.I. isn’t even doing publicity on this, or getting media attention. That’s pretty selfless, not to mention when there was a rocket  I’m pretty sure it was a missile or something, but the news said rocket  was sent at New York and then you (Mr. Stark) caught it and sent it into space, which was really cool but also probably kind of scary, I hope you’re okay. My aunt says that it’s important to speak with someone after one goes through a traumatic (therapist word) event, which is why I have to see a really nice lady once every two weeks about what happened to my parents. I hope you’re getting the help you need, Mr. Stark.Anyway, I wanted to send this letter because I don’t agree with what’s being said about you (Mr. Stark) and your (his) company. My best friend Ned agrees with me, and we really want to be able to help bring better news publicity to the whole situation, even though a couple of sixth graders can’t really do much to help.We’re doing a science fair project together, about the ways that S.I. is reusing materials to help rebuild, and mentioning the Arc Reactor, too, because it’s really really cool and super eco-friendly, with all the possible repercussions if we didn’t reuse the materials, and I was hoping that if you (Mr. Stark) could spare maybe a moment on the 30th of May, you (he) could come and see it? I know that it’s right after your (his) birthday, and probably will be partying pretty hard, so I understand if you (Mr. Stark) can’t come to see it, but it would be really cool  and maybe Flash will leave us alone or something.Thank you so so much for helping with everything, and risking your life for the city! If you (Mr. Stark) happen(s) to be in contact with Bruce Banner, let him know that I think his research in gamma radiation is totally cool, even if I don’t completely understand everything. And also I think the Hulk is really sweet. I’m working on it, though! I also wanted to say thanks to the rest of the Avengers, if they can be contacted, for their help in protecting us from aliens  which is totally crazy for me to say, actually.I also wanted to say that I absolutely think that you’re (Mr. Stark is) a brilliant man who is super cool and I think your (his) advancements in every field you’ve (he’s) worked in is amazing. My aunt says that I’m way too excited about science and math for an ten-year-old, and that I should spend my “youth learning about all different fields, but I don’t think there’s anything I’d rather enjoy. You’re (Mr. Stark is) like a role model to me, and it’s so cool that you have (he has) so many PhDs.  I want to be exactly like you when I grow up. I was going to address this to Dr. Stark, but I read somewhere that you don’t (he doesn’t) like that very much, because you said (he says) if someone feels the need to constantly remind people that they are above everyone else, they aren’t really above anyone at all. WHICH IS SUPER AWESOME!I think this is getting long enough, so I’ll leave it there. Absolute best regards and all my thanks,P. Parker
Sixth-grader
Middle Village School
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Trans Peter Parker
Trans Male Character
Letters
only a little AU
Mostly Canon Compliant
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
skip westcott is an ass
everything works out on that one
Emails
E-mail
real emails
Interactive Fiction
Reader-Interactive
Light Angst
Temporary Angst
everything will be happy again i promise
media
Mixed Media
angst is kinda heavy for a bit actually
Trigger warnings in chapters
PETER PROTECTION COMMITTEE
Epistolary
angst like woah chapter 13-23 and chapter 30
but fluff is now up

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker

