Work Text:
 Once upon a time, there was a magician, and he lived in the forest, and he had an enemy. Or he had had an enemy. Or he knew that one day he was going to have an enemy. So he took his heart. Or his soul. Or his self. And he put it in his little finger. And he chopped off his little finger. And he hid it very carefully, so that his enemy would never, never find it. Aha! though the magician. How clever I am! Now nothing can ever harm me. But much much later, when the battle was over, he went to look for that little finger and found to his grief-- he found--You can't remember.Wait.Let's start over.
Жил-был волшебник и он жил в лесу и у него был врага...

You wake in the night and there is no you who wakes in the night, there is only the moon: a flat circle that makes shadows. You are a body that knows what a moon is. You are a body that can move, can blink. You are bare feet on bare linoleum. Cold. You are a calculation of stars. A skyline. New York City. A noise you know by memory. Sirens like little birds alarmed by disaster. Horns. Wheels hitting steel plates. You stand at the window. An empty vessel filled by the city. You don't miss being anything. You don't know what it's like. How would it feel to be something?The space inside of you is large and feels like hunger. You rest your forehead against the pane. Your breath leaves a white mark against the glass. Warm. Transient. A living trace.
People come and go. Sometimes you remember. At first they flicker in and out, day by day. As brief and interchangeable as moths. Moths go with lamps. Are you the lamp? You watch them curiously. You try to make their faces stay."Red," you say one morning, and the red one smiles. Or almost a smile."That's right. I'm Natasha. You remember.""Sometimes. Some things."The color remains when her name is gone. You think of poppies. Cherry cordial. Blood from an artery. A shirt you wore and lost in Ljubljana. Red is a memory. Red has a taste. Like iron in the teeth. Sweetness on the tongue. "Can I just call you--" you say, desperate. "Because I don't--""Remember," she finishes. Her eyes are silent. "Yes."So: "Red," you say.
"The human body is not an engine, Captain Rogers. It isn't predictable. Not in that way.""You make it sound like you're looking in a crystal ball!""We might as well be."You touch one of the images pinned to the lightboard. A ghostly head. An eye. A brainstem. Photographed by the machine. Every anatomical piece is so vulnerable, still and in relief. The spine: a Meccano set you could dismember. The soft penetrable flesh of the brain. Whose brain?"Steve," you say. "Is this... is this me?"You have practiced and practiced to know this man, and yet still, looking at him feels like not-quite-knowing. Feels sometimes too physically painful to bear. The past stirs inside you. Full of absences. An animal with missing teeth. You think: Steve. You think: the smell of clean cotton. Cream soda. Vanilla ice cream. The tock of a ball against a bat, a hand against your face, a cleanly breaking bone, a strap holding you down, electricity--"Don't," Steve says, and you realize you are shaking. "Don't. We talked about this."Don't reach into that void of memories.He's still careful not to touch you, since you broke his wrist. You didn't want to. It was A, B, C: the obvious next sequential action. He had touched you, so... Steve had bitten his lip, but he had not made a sound. He had looked at you, very gentle, with blood on his mouth. "Please," he had said. "Bucky, please."Now he says, "Those are the pictures from the MRI. You don't remember the MRI. We had to put you to sleep."You sleep a lot. They put you to sleep a lot.You trace the circle of one strange eye in the image. You stare at your own head's ghost-like contours. You say, "It doesn't look like me."
You remember a lot. A lot of things. But you don't remember that you remember. You don't remember that you can remember. The language is fucked. There's no word to describe the step that's missing. Red stands in the kitchen, washing dishes. She hums. You whistle along for a phrase. She stops. She asks you a question. You don't know; you don't know; you can't-- but she sees. She purses her lips, looking a little rueful. And then, hesitantly, she sings: "Когда мы были на войне; когда мы были на войне...""Там каждый думал о своей любимой или о жене," you finish."Но я не думал ни о чем; но я не думал ни о чем...?""Я только трубочку курил с турецким горьким табачком."It's like a call and response. On earth as it is in heaven. You taste dirt between your teeth. Smell the dark winter scent of pines and cedars. Smoke in the air. A soldier laughing: "Вот, Сергеи!" The sky as white as quartz crystal. There had been snow. There had been snow the next day. Someone had once told you a story. Жил-был, it had begun, в лесу...Red peels your fingers out of their clenched fists. Nail-marks on one palm. On the metal palm: nothing. Her little hands are very fierce. She doesn't speak fo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Amnesia
PTSD
Dissociation
all the usual Winter Soldier warnings
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Natasha Romanov

