Chapter 1: Ymir
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“So you are man who has everything- and nothing.”These words impacted Tony Stark more than he’d ever admit to anyone. The dying words of Yinsen-a brave man who sacrificed himself for Tony- were kept close to Tony’s heart, words he made sure to never fade. A man who has everything and nothing- He has money, he has reputation, he has power. But he feels numb, empty, cold. Panic attacks creep up on him and he used to shut off the outside world-isolate himself in his workshop. Now, he has Rhodey. Rhodey, who moved in with him, who was so staunchly optimistic. But not even Rhodey's optimism could curb the things that haunt Tony-nightmares. Sometimes all he can do is hold his face in his hands, try and breathe in and out. Try and take the day by each second or else he can’t breathe. And then there’s Rhodey there, who’s there to catch him. Sometimes Tony’s afraid that Rhodey will leave. But he doesn’t.With Pepper, she tried so valiantly to help him. But Tony had learnt the hard way that love won’t fix what’s wrong with him. And maybe nothing will. He doesn't know how to feel about that. It was easier to ignore the ever-present existential dread and guilt when he had a bottle of something in his hand- and sometimes he was so tempted. It was harder to do anything nowadays, his fingers not cooperating after the cold but he didn't want to complain. Rhodey wasn't complaining about the loss of his legs- something that still wracked tony's thoughts- and the least Tony could do was repay his best friend with a way to recovery. And minimal complaining. But as he was coming to grips with what happened, his mistakes, the aftermath and the effects when something changed. That’s when something changed. But it was something Tony had foreseen. Meeting James “Bucky” Barnes had not gone the way he expected it to go. When he saw that Barnes- James. Jimothy.- had his arm blown off, he flew over, offering him an arm. And James had taken it. Of course Tony had already done some schematics, after he heard about Shuri’s work on James’ arm, his curiosity got the better of him. Besides, he was a pragmatist. He knew that if something happened to James' arm, a flight to Wakanda might not be his first option. He may have a ‘healthier’ work style now, but he’s still a mechanic at heart who spent most of his life buried in his workshop so he had no qualms about spending most of his time designing and sketching.Tony had meant every word he said to James. Forgiving James was surprisingly easy- it wasn’t him Tony was mad and scared of. Tony completely understood the effects of brain-washing and mind control. Some nights he couldn't sleep because he understood it too well. After James had left, Tony stayed in his workshop. He felt lighter and easier than he had in months, and he was tentative. Sure, he still felt the cold in the pits of his lungs and there was the constant physical nausea of anxiety but he felt a sort of relief in his muscles. His back wasn’t as tense anymore and he exhaled, tired. He took out his phone, placing it on his desk.“Friday, can you text Rhodey that I’m working late tonight?”
“Of course, boss”
And so, Tony etched out a final design of James’ arm. His fingers were not as cooperative as he would have liked them and he was slightly miffed that he wouldn’t be able to craft this arm himself, however, he was excited. There were some parts of the arm he could build himself and the rest, he’d make sure worked perfectly. It was just like old times- Tony, immersed in his work- when Peter came down to the workshop with a plate with two sandwiches on it and coffee.“Hey, Mr. Stark!” The teen greeted him cheerfully and Tony looked up with an tired smile.“Peter, you don’t have to call me that. You can call me Tony, you know” He chuckled. “But I see you bring nourishment, so really, call me whatever you want. It’s very convenient timing as I need your opinion on something.” Tony didn’t need a 2nd opinion on it, but Peter’s mind was as brilliant as Tony had been at his age, maybe even better, and Tony wanted Peter to be better than he had been. Than he was.Peter grinned, “Really? What are you working on?” He set down the plate and coffee next to Tony and walked around to look at the plans. Tony dug into the sandwich and coffee, not the young man he used to be, and started talking.“Building a new arm for James. Bucky. Barnes. Whatever, the wild-haired brunette with the metal arm. Or, shoulder, now.” Peter nodded thoughtfully as he looked over the plans. “You’re building him a new arm? That’s so cool! What happened, though?”“With his arm? Got blown off” Tony mumbled after swallowing a mouthful of food. Peter’s eyes widened but he didn’t say anything, nodding. “So, does that mean you had contact with the Rogue Avengers?” Peter asked in a small voice. Tony shrugged, “I wouldn’t call it contact. I picked him up and brought him here. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark

freeform: 
winteriron
starkbucks - Freeform
Post CA:CW
Steve Rogers Redemption Arc
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
James "Bucky" Barnes Needs A Hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Steve Rogers is not the best bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
rhodey is best bro
Not Wanda Friendly
Doombots
Clint Barton Has Issues
Everyone Has Issues
Slow Burn
Hurt/Comfort
Getting Together
Awful Bakery Puns
Hurt Tony
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/ Tony Stark

