Work Text:
He stared at himself in the full length mirror. Water dripped off the ends of his hair and skin, pooled around his feet on the chilly tile. There’d been no mirrors for a long time. He touched the arch of his nose, traced a finger over his lips. The man in the mirror was strong, firm and tall like a tree rooted into the earth. He dragged his fingers down over his neck, found his own steady pulse, then the hard curve of his collarbone. A bone that had been broken once. All his bones had broken. He found the grooves of scar tissue, the cool flex of metal. He had looked at a lot of pictures today, but none of them were enough to bring back the memory of another arm. This was his as surely as the breath leaving his lungs had been. Wasn’t it? He left the arm behind. His chest was unyielding, but he could find the thrum of his own heartbeat. The planes of his stomach were flat. He had sat in a fast food restaurant not an hour before and eaten the first meal he’d chosen himself in long memory. It had tasted of grease, the kind of empty calories they’d never allowed him. It sat uneasy in him now. Reluctantly, he palmed his cock and balls. Limp and light and vulnerable compared to the rest of him. Had he really once touched others with this thing? Trusted them in such a naked, fearless way? Memory, soap bubble thin, suggested a tanned thigh and a flash of red lipstick. A warm wet welcome far kinder than his own clinical touch.  He turned away from the mirror. It didn’t tell him anything new anyway.  The hotel bed was as large as his old cell. He couldn’t bring himself to sleep naked, too aware of the eyes that might even now be seeking him. Gun under his pillow, knife in a sheath strapped to his thigh. Boots, laced and ready, standing sentinel beside the bed. He slept like a livewire, jumping and twitching. It was the first time he slept above ground. There were a lot of firsts that week. He counted them as firsts, anyway. The river had wiped everything else away, left him stained and tattered on the banks with no one tugging at his leash. He counted them as firsts. First walk without intention under an indifferent spring sun. First cup of coffee, small and hot, the previously illegal stimulant producing a tremor he didn’t like. First donut, sweet and crumbling, which he liked very much. First like and dislike, opinions tiny and mutinous cracking through an armored shell. First theft for only his own ends, some suit wearer’s wallet, taken painlessly and used to augment his tattered wardrobe. First clothes that he’d picked himself, swaddling layers that weren’t armor, but were. First nap in the sunshine on the hotel balcony, first book cracked over his thigh. First dream. First nightmare. They piled on each other, these fresh experiences, interweaving. He watched television, practiced unfamiliar phrases  and studied nuances. A cheap laptop, both slower and yet more open than anything he’d used before, allowed him into other arenas. The name James Buchanan Barnes brought too much information. He read through it all anyway. First time feeling the chill of the grave on the back of his neck. First time, he stared himself down in the mirror and said, “Your name is James Buchanan Barnes.” It didn’t sound as official as it had in that other star spangled voice. “Your name is Bucky.” It was a child’s name, a careless laughing nickname. It didn’t fit his hollow eyes or the lank fall of his hair. “Bucky.” He repeated it until it lost it’s shine. Until he thought he might be able to hang it around his neck. “Name?” A barista demanded after he ordered his hot chocolate. “Bucky,” he told her and dredged up something else. First smile. “Bucky,” she repeated back to him and smiled back. He drank his hot chocolate beside a fake fireplace. Pop of memory: fire in a pot bellied stove in a falling down shack with bombers wheezing over head. Strong hands on his shoulders, a deep laugh, the glance of lips at the corner of his mouth. It occurred to him for the first time that he had been loved once. The asset was as detached from humanity as a lizard in the desert. But Bucky had been born. He had a mother, father, siblings. He’d known the touch of a woman, camaraderie of friends. Someone had loved this flesh once, held it close and whispered kind things in its ear. Someone had been tender. First tears, quickly dashed away. He had never been the weepy sort, he decided. He moved on. There was a homing impulse, hammering away at the back of his brain. Return to base. Secure the mission. It once would have overridden everything else, pushed him starving and dehydrated miles beyond what a body should endure to fulfill orders. Now, it was just a faint buzz, ignorable as he got further and further away from Hydra bases. He moved through the Midwest, comfortable in the anonymity of roadside hotels and sleepy, suburban sprawls. He liked Target with it’s clean abundance and frittered away hours picking up objects and determining their uses.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Recovery
rebuilding the self
from the ground up
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

