Work Text:


  “What is this?” Tony stares down at the paper the boy had handed him before looking back up, taking in the flustered sight of him.  “It's my resignation letter, sir..” Peter's eyes are red and damp as he speaks, hands fidgeting with the hem of his sweater.  Tony sets the paper down on the desk, leaning forward, propping himself on his elbows. “Are you not happy with your internship?”  “No, sir! I mean- Yes! I'm happy, it's just..” Peter stumbles over his words, cheeks reddening as he tries to collect himself. “My aunt is sick and she's not going to be working for a while.” He paused, looking away. “I need to find a job that pays so I can help..”  “Absolutely not.”“..What?”  “I don't accept this.” Tony stands as he rips the paper in half, collecting and stacking the pieces, ripping them in half again before dropping them in the small waste bin next to his desk.  “..I don't unders-” Peter's brows pinched before Tony cut him off, standing.  “Starting today, you're an official research assistant. You'll be receiving a salary and full benefits effective immediately, retroactive from the start of your internship. You can pick your first check up tomorrow morning.”  Peter stares at him for the longest time, disbelief as plain as day written across his face. “Mr. Stark, I-” His voice catches in his throat. “Thank you.”  Tony just smiles.  Six Months Later  Tony sinks back into his chair, luxurious leather giving way under his tensed muscles, chilled glass at his fingertips. He forces himself to relax before he crushes the glass in his hands, the stress from the day needing some sort of outlet. Setting his whiskey down, he picks up a thick, long cigar, cutting the end off before placing it between his teeth as he lights it, taking a series of short puffs until the end is glowing red and smoke is billowing from the corner of his mouth.  He lets the smoke surround him as he tries his best to forget the day he'd just had. He takes another hefty swig of the finest 40 year single malt that he keeps, the large square ice cube clinking against the glass and the sound is Pavlovian for him, the tension slowly unwinding from his shoulders in response.  “Mr. Parker is here to see you.”  Tony smiles at the announcement, running his tongue across his lower lip followed by another deep inhale. He's three glasses deep and there's nothing he wants more than to see Peter's pretty face.  “Send him in.”  Six months ago, Peter came to him and Tony did him a favor. Now, he's calling it in and his night is about to get a lot better..  “Peter.. Thank you for coming by on your day off. How have you been? How's your aunt?” Tony grins from around the cigar as Peter walks up to him, as nervous as ever even after almost a year of working at Stark Industries.  “It's no problem, sir! May and I are great.” Peter smiles brightly at him. “She's been back to work for a couple of weeks, but it's just part time. She's really able to focus on getting better since you've helped us so much.”  “That's great, I'm glad to hear it.” Tony stands, circling the desk. “You just graduated, right? Going out into the world, technically an adult..” Peter doesn't look like an adult, shoulders shrinking in as he nods. “Well, consider this a life lesson, Peter. Nothing good comes without a price.”  Peter opens his mouth to speak, but Tony shakes his head and he stops before he gets a word out.  “Do you know why I helped you?” Peter shakes his head as Tony stands in front of him. “Because,” Tony moves just a little closer, leaning in like he's telling Peter a secret. “Since the first day I saw you, I knew it was only a matter of time until I had you bent over my desk.” He grabs Peter by the waist, pushing him against the desk with a yelp.“Mr. Stark!” Peter cries out in surprise as he falls backward, pinned against the desk, his legs splayed on either side of his boss. His hands grab onto he front of Tony's jacket for stability.  Tony wraps one hand around the back of Peter's neck, pulling him close, covering his mouth with his other hand, thumb gripping his chin tightly. “Listen to me very closely..” Tony locks eyes with Peter and he can feel the boy shaking underneath his hands. “You owe me, Peter and that means I own you. Do you understand?”Peter's eyes flicker as he trembles, nodding slowly.  “You'll give me what I want. It's as simple as that.” He lowers his voice, leaning in as he moves his hand to uncover Peter's mouth, his fingers stroking across the boy's cheek. “Give yourself to me and I'll give you everything you could ever want and more..”  He can see Peter's adam's apple bob up and back down as he swallows thickly. “..And if I don't?” Peter's voice is hushed as if Tony will quiet him if he speaks out as loudly as before.  Tony smiles, his hand dropping down to his neck, tilting Peter's head upward. “Not an option.”  Peter's mouth falls open as Tony applies the slightest bit of pressure, stretching upward, but unable to move away from the firm g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Extremely Dubious Consent
Light Humiliation
Power Imbalance
Light Bondage
Blow Jobs
Light breathplay
Hand Jobs
Spanking
Crying
Light Dom/sub
Subspace
Light Feminization
Rough Sex
Daddy Kink
Rape/Non-con Elements
Only Because Peter Drinks

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

