Work Text:
Seeing as Thor is incapable of expressing himself subtly, Loki waits until he's nearly finished cutting his hair before he speaks. He knows from experience it's best to do these sorts of things when Thor is sitting and he is armed."I have a favor to ask," Loki says.True to form, Thor turns his entire head and shoulders to look up at him. Luckily, Loki pulled the scissors back when he spoke so as not to relieve Thor of one of his ears. Thor watches him with a brow cocked. It's a look Loki doesn't have to decipher. He isn't one to ask a favor."A favor," Thor says. "You want to ask me a favor.""I believe those are the words I said."Loki cuts at the air once with the scissors. He does this cut about once a month for his brother. Thor has taken a liking to keeping his hair short, seems to trust Loki to do it, and though Loki has always preferred Thor's hair long, he obliges. He owes Thor certain things, now. Besides, though he wouldn't admit it, Thor loves getting his hair cut. When Loki buzzes the sides, he swears that Thor purrs."What sort of favor?" asks Thor.Loki taps his shoulder so he'll turn back around. Loki shaves down the edges, watches the fine blond hairs snow down to Thor's neck."I'm needed on Jötunheim.""Needed? Since when are you in contact with Jötunheim?""Since I'm the heir to the throne—hold still." Loki evens out of the neckline and decides he's finished. He wipes the fine hairs away from Thor's neck and shoulders. They always do this in Thor's room, even though the light is better outside. "Anyway, I'll need to leave at once."Thor nods, slowly."You're not speaking plainly, brother. What favor do you have to ask of me?""You must come with me to Jötunheim," Loki says."Me? I don't understand. You have as much say in Asgardia as I, why would I need to join you?""Ah, well." Loki notices a hair he missed. He clips it neatly with the scissors. "They may be under the impression that we're married.""They're what?!"Thor turns and stands so quickly Loki barely has time to take a step back. Thor looks about as angry as Loki imagined he would, and part of him feels a bit bad, truly, but he refuses to ignore how achingly funny the whole thing is."And why," Thor says tightly, "do they think that?"He's stalking towards Loki now, maybe doesn't realize it. Loki takes quick steps back, clings to the scissors in his hand in case he has to use them."We've been ruling Asgardia together and they just assumed—who was I to tell them—""So you just let them think we're married?""Well, they seemed quite taken by the idea," Loki says. "They adore you."Thor pauses, which is thankful, because Loki is nearly at the wall. "Of course they do. But that isn't the point.""The point," Loki says, "is that Jötunheim is in ruins, I am the heir, and I cannot ascend to the throne without a mate. Jötunheim is even more a slave to tradition than Asgard was. They'll continue to suffer unless I help them. Unless we help them."Thor's face twists with revelation. "Didn't you try to destroy the entire realm once?""Well they don't know that," Loki says. "I don't think." Thor makes a frustrated noise in the back of his throat, and Loki feels a desperation in him he hasn't felt in years."Please, brother," he says.He hasn't said please to Thor in earnest, not since Thor brought him back. The word takes the heat from his eyes, softens his features in the way Loki remembers, the way he has come to know and adore and also makes him feel strangely guilty."How long?" he asks.Loki smiles.--When he died, there was nothing. Not at first. At first, there was just blackness, and Loki could not see, could not hear, could feel nothing. He had no concept of time. Maybe the nothing lasted years, maybe a second. Loki just knew the sudden call of his name by Thor. His voice so clear. He sounded heartbroken, feral, hopeful. And all at once Loki felt himself surge forward from nothing. He came back naked, in a forest, shivering and coughing up black liquid, the soft shocks of life moving back through him. But Thor was there, he was there, and he pulled Loki to him, covered him in a blanket. Called him brother.The first breath Loki took came as a sob.What he learned after: Thanos had been defeated. Not just defeated, killed. Gone. The Time Stone had been used to bring back most of the Æsir. Thor was the one who fought to bring Loki back. Thor was the one who said he was bringing him back, that he missed him, and if anyone wanted to stop him, they were welcome to try. No one did.Thor brought Loki to Asgardia, floating above Midgard with the help of magic and a few of Thor's very capable human friends. It was there that Thor asked Loki to stay with him. To be his advisor. Rule by his side. It was there that Loki felt the sun on his face again. Saw himself in a life he could live.It was on Asgardia that Loki said yes.--They travel using Stormbreaker. When Loki first saw it, he joked the axe wasn't quite big enough, but Thor handles it with a grace Loki has 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Fake Marriage
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

