Work Text:
            The first time Peter ended up in Tony’s bed, it was an accident.            The two of them had been working in the brand new, state-of-the-art lab in Tony’s private space station (which he'd designed himself) until the wee hours of the morning. Space really was the best place to test all kinds of Thanos-destroying weapons that Tony, and only Tony, could access and deploy. Well… Tony and Peter. Some days, Peter could hardly believe how much Tony trusted him. He, of course, trusted the older man with his life, but for Tony to return the honor? Peter knew for a fact that his mentor had been betrayed time and time again, by both his enemies and closest friends, and so every time Tony casually entrusted him with another invention, another secret, the wonder Peter felt at being Tony’s friend only glowed brighter.            He was not only Tony's lab partner and space companion, but also his friend. And he would never betray him.            The station was amazing, of course. Peter had the time of his life working sixteen hours a day, eating protein shakes, and getting wounded repeatedly working on dangerous chemicals and electronic devices meant to destroy the worst conqueror of all known universe. Preparing Earth’s defenses was no small task, and Peter often felt overwhelmed by the weight on his shoulders, but Tony was always at his side, comforting him, cheering him up, reminding him that they had to win, even if the haunted look in his too-knowing eyes could not quite hide the fear they all felt these days.            For the first couple of weeks, they’d slept wherever they could, be it at their work station, on the exercise bench or on a seat by one of the bay windows. Tony had drawn the line at the floor once he’d seen Peter passed out under a desk, though, and since then they both returned to their respective beds two doors apart whenever they couldn’t work anymore.            Peter had never sleepwalked before, or if he’d had, May had never informed him of that little fact. He didn’t notice it at first, because he returned to his bed, and only a peek at Friday’s files showed him that yes, he actually strolled in the station for a good half hour every night since it’d been decided they would sleep in their beds.            The first time Peter ended up in Tony’s bed, it was an accident, but the deeper reason behind his destination wasn’t. Ever since he’d been a little kid and Iron Man had saved his life at the Stark Expo, Peter had been a fan of the man in the suit. When he’d reached twelve, he’d decided that Tony Stark was handsome, and that he might be attracted to men.            At thirteen, he’d jerked off to Tony for the first time. He’d felt guilty afterwards, and also a little disappointed that the man on the poster on his wall hadn’t simply acquired a third dimension and come into his bed to fuck him senseless.            Of course, he’d never told Tony about that, not even when he’d noticed the casual touches, the lingering looks. Tony was a tactile person, everyone knew that. It meant nothing. They were friends, they enjoyed each other’s company and worked well together, but that was it.*            The first time the kid joined him in bed, Tony was pretty sure he was still dreaming.            He’d dreamt of Peter for weeks now; ever since the kid had started working with him on the space station, in fact. Peter was everything he’d ever wanted in a lab partner: brilliant, hard at work, creative, and always willing to challenge his views of the world. He kept him on his scientific toes, made him laugh and relax in a way alcohol never could. At the dawn of an intergalactic war, it was no small feat. The kid had his entire trust, and a sacred place in his heart.            He also was eighteen, much too young for Tony to desire him.            Oh, but the things he wanted to do to him… He would start with a kiss, soft and almost chaste, to let the kid know he could call this off any moment. But Peter wouldn’t want to stop; Tony had seen the heated look in his eyes, the way he licked his lips when he thought he wasn’t been observed by his equally aroused lab partner. The kid wanted him as much as Tony wanted him.            So Tony would kiss him, slow and unhurried, following the clues of Peter’s quickening heartbeat. He would listen to his moans and keens as he mouthed at his jaw, nipped at his earlobe, licked the hot skin over his pulse point. The kid’s gasps would guide him in his exploration, let him know if he liked to have his nipples twisted or licked, sucked or bitten. He would kneel on the lab floor and run his mouth over the bulge in his indecently tight pants, mouth at his erection until the fabric was all wet and the kid begging.            Next he would sit the kid on the closest work surface available, tear down his pants and underwear, and swallow him whole. He would suck Peter’s dick fast and hard and play with his balls until the bitter, addictive taste of 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Mutual Pining
Fluff and Smut
Sexual Fantasy
Sleepwalking
Safe Sane and Consensual
Kissing
Rimming
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Rough Sex
Loving Sex
Small Bed
Space Station
Tony owns a space station
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Happy
Only a micro spoon of angst
Happy Ending
No Spoilers
Peter is 18
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

