Chapter 1



Summary:

It looks like a puff of dust around his face. A thin, wispy black smoke that’s hovering around his mask. Peter blinks at it dumbly.“What the hell,” is all he says, because, seriously, what the hell?





Chapter Text

None of this is supposed to happen.




Today was supposed to be an easy mission, according to Tony, real easy;  all they had to do was zap a few of the aliens, just enough to scare them off. Nothing should have happened. It 

should

 have been a walk in the park.




None of this is supposed to happen. 




Peter 

definitely 

isn’t supposed to jump in front of an alien weapon to protect Tony.




The first part of the fight actually went really, really well. The aliens weren’t great at fighting, okay, they actually kind of 

sucked ass

 (as quoted by Sam), to the point where it was actually getting a little boring. Clearly they weren’t a threat to begin with, and their fighting skills had to show for it.




Until.




One of the aliens, their leader (the one Peter identified as the big, ugly blue one), gets up shakily to his feet, and lifts his gun, pointing it straight at Tony.




The base of Peter’s skull begins thrumming wildly, screaming frantically at him to do something because 

dangerdangerdangerdanger. 

His head whips around, eyes locking on the threat.




Tony’s not looking. Tony doesn’t see it.




Tony is standing mere feet away from the mouth of the gun.




Tony’s name has left Peter’s lips subconsciously, but Peter already knows it’s too late. Tony’s reflexes are fast, but he’s still a human underneath all the armor. A human with normal human reflexes.




Peter, on the other hand. Not human. Enhanced reflexes and agility. 




So Peter makes a choice here. Let Tony take a bullet to the face at near-point-blank, or 

do something.





He thinks it’s a fairly easy decision.




Peter’s legs are in motion before he even realizes what he’s doing. He springs into the air, leaping with all the force he can muster, and slams into the alien with his entire body.




Both Peter and the alien go down. Peter hears the shot ring out first as they hit the floor, and then he hears the gun clattering as it falls from the alien’s hand.




Now Peter waits for the mind-numbing pain of the new bullet in his face to register.




It doesn’t.




Peter opens his eyes shakily, not even having realized that he’d squeezed them shut in anticipation of the hit. The alien is squirming underneath him, shouting incoherent things in an unknown language, but Peter can’t focus on anything other than 

what just happened? What the hell? What the hell?





He 

swears

 he heard the gun go off. His ears don’t ever lie to him, ever. So why…?




And then he sees the cloud.




It looks like a puff of dust around his face. A thin, wispy black smoke that’s hovering around his mask. Peter blinks at it dumbly.




“What the hell,” is all he says, because, 

seriously

, what the hell? Did the alien really just shoot 

smoke

 at him instead of a bullet? That was anticlimactic. 




Peter dismissively waves a hand through the hazy black and it fades into the air, dissolving into nothingness. He gets off of the alien.




And then his entire body is jerked backwards, something hard slamming into his torso.




Peter lets out a startled yelp, his entire upper body twisting and limbs flailing uselessly in the air. He skids to the floor, the giant metal suit practically straddling him, and he winces, sitting up.




“Mr. Stark, what the hell?!” Peter demands, voice rising embarrassingly high, but Iron Man swoops down on him again, grabbing him by the shoulders.




“Where’d you get hit?!” Tony’s yelling at him. “How bad is it?”




Peter squawks as Iron Man’s gauntlets frantically search his own body for injuries, blood, anything. “What are you—”




“The 

bullet, 

Peter, where’d it hit you?”




Why is he yelling? “It 

didn’t,” 

Peter gasps. “I didn’t get hit— ow ow ow, Mr. Stark, you’re crushing my legs 

please get off—”





Iron Man stumbles backward awkwardly, giving Peter space to breathe. Peter sits up and rises to his feet. In the distance, he can see the Avengers standing in front of the retreating aliens.




Peter’s never seen Tony this— this 

scrambled

 before. He’s usually all bark, all joking and sarcastic. But Iron Man’s movements are almost spastic now, each one uncalculated and wildly violent, and it’s so uncharacteristic that it makes Peter’s head spin.




Iron Man’s head bows a little as he examines Peter, his gaze scanning from Peter’s feet to the top of his head. “You’re not hurt at all?”




“No, I’m fine,” Peter says. “He just shot some weird smoke at me, no harm done.”




“Then 

what the hell were you thinking?!” 





The thunder in Mr. Stark’s voice makes Peter startle and shrink back. Tony rounds on him, somehow looking furious even with the faceplate still on, his fingers curling into fists at his sides.




“You just threw yourself in front of the m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Shuri & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sickfic
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Drama
like a looooot of drama
tony and peter have a lot of talking to do
Tony Stark Has A Heart
idk why thats even a tag lol we been knew
Hurt Peter
Medical Trauma
Body Horror
but TRUST ME it’s hardly anything
like barely any body horror i’m just bein safe
you know me always kickin it with the gen fics
Platonic Relationships
Heavy Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Post-Infinity War
minor spoilers for ending of iw
semi-quick burn
Fainting
Vomiting
of sorts
Seizures
Panic Attacks
very mild so dw
spiritual mumbo jumbo
now with chapter summaries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Shuri & Tony Stark

