Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Don’t… don’t kill him. I’ll give you the stone if you spare him."Stephen had just snapped out of his unconsciousness. The world still blurry and painful, his head was pounding. And all he could see was Thanos, fist raised, the four Infinity Stones glowing, ready to kill.He couldn’t allow that.Tony… he had to live, no matter what. Even though it meant his own death. The death of so so many more. Knowing what was to come… that they couldn’t stop the snap… but what was the alternative? There was none. He hadn’t found any other. In order to protect the stone, he had to give it away. To be able to win they had to lose. If he could make sure the remaining survivors had the chance of reaching the one tiny chance to win he had seen… who was he to object?He got up slowly, Thanos’ eyes focused on him. He had stopped his approach of Tony. At least something."No tricks this time, sorcerer?" Thanos asked dangerously. If you trick me, I will kill you. Wasn’t he going to do just that anyway?"No tricks. Just spare him."Their enemy, the huge purple titan, turned, faced him, and waited. Ready to obliterate him if need be.But Stephen wouldn’t give him a chance. Not this time. He raised his hand, letting the time stone appear from wherever he had hidden it. Thanos took a step towards him, the other four stones still glowing, still ready to strike at the first hint of tricks. The green stone floated above his hand, spinning around itself lazily. This was it, then. This was how it all ended. That easy. Just by handing a small, spinning stone to their enemy. He changed the spell, which kept the stone floating above his hand, made it move towards Thanos. He had seen this moment over and over and over. It always ended the same way.The stone reached Thanos, he took it and inserted it into his glove. The cheer power of five stones united would flow through them, make them despair, knowing they would never be able to beat that madman. Thanos would keep his word, let them live. Disappear towards earth by using the space stone. And finally, obtain the last. The mind gem in visions head. This time, however, the 14 millionth and whatever time, what he knew would happen, didn’t happen. The spell started to move the stone. The stone moved. The stone’s spin, however, was different than it should have been. It turned slightly, moved around its own axis, and grazed his bare finger.The last thing he saw before a blinding white light swallowed them all, was a glowing green stone, and his glowing green skin. He felt a huge bolt of energy rush through his very being. He should be dead. The stone should turn him into smoldering ash. But it didn’t.Blinded, he could hear Thanos screaming "Noooooo!".The next thing he knew, was being, well, thrown was probably the right word, against hard ground. The sheer impact forced every bit of air out of his body, the pain he had felt intensived. Ten-thousand times and then…… there was nothing. Silence. His own ragged breathing, his thrumming heart, his always hurting hands, and nothing. He was laying there for a second, waiting to be killed. Dying some gruesome, terrible death, but nothing happened. Just silence.That wasn't right. He had always heard the odd wind on Titan, felt the odd gravity, the rough ground. Thanos' steps. The…Opening his eyes, he stared at dark… wooden... parquet?Slowly, he sat up, looking around. Yes. Wooden floor. The… that was… Stephen Strange blinked confused while eyeing his surroundings. There he sat, on the ground in his own (old) apartment. Shivering, fearful, waiting to be killed, but nothing happened.He slowly got up, nearly freaking out when he finally heard something. He spun around, saw a green stone, spinning around itself on his floor. It still glowed. Bright and powerful. With every heartbeat, the glow faded, until it was gone. Just a green gem, laying there.A moment later, his door opened. Turning around again, he saw Christine enter, holding a shopping bag. She looked at him out of sad, calm eyes."He won't do it?" she asked lowly, the same sadness as in her eyes filling her words.He stared at her for a mere moment, taking a step towards her… mainly to be sure she couldn't see that suspicious green gem on his floor. He still wasn't sure it was even there. He wasn't sure he was even here. Maybe… Thanos… yes… he played around with reality again, didn't he? Because… he hadn't handed him the stone fast enough? Made as much sense as everything else."Stephen, you have to stop spending money on it. Especially money you don't have. Your hands can't get any better. You know that." She paused, waging her words carefully to not upset him."I know your work is a huge part of your life. But it's just that. A part of your life. There are other things that can give it meaning."He continued to simply stare at her. That… that was… he remembered that sentence. He had freaked out over it. Thrown words at her in his fit he couldn't easily take back. It had needed a w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Christine Palmer & Stephen Strange
Christine Palmer & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Time Travel
Fix-It of Sorts
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Hurt/Comfort
Humor
Chaos
Confusion
Eye of Agamatto
WTF
Slow Build
Tony and Stephen fight like a couple
Poor Peter
Romance
Established Relationship
Friendship
Emotional
Developing Relationship
Developing Friendships
Magic
Magical Artifacts
Near Death
Angst
Comfort/Angst
Peter learns magic
Jealous Tony Stark
Infinity Gems
Time Gem (Marvel)
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Soul Stone (Marvel)
Secrets
Team as Family

fandom: 
Christine Palmer/Stephen Strange
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Christine Palmer & Stephen Strange
Christine Palmer & Pepper Potts

