Chapter 1: The Beginning of a Slippery Slope
    




Chapter Text
     He knew he was avoiding Wade. The "Merc with a Mouth" had sounded so excited yesterday when Peter had agreed to meet up the next night to "team up and kick-ass" as Wade had called it. Now, looking at his phone before tucking it away in the suit’s small pouch at his hip, he knew he had agreed to meet him twenty minutes ago on top of the department store two blocks west of Wade’s apartment. Surely he would be sitting on the concrete ledge of the roof where he always sat when he waited for Peter-- feet swinging off the side, probably singing some Nicki Minaj song to himself… just the thought alone made Peter cringe with guilt as he swung down into an alley five blocks away.     What was he supposed to do? He knew standing up Deadpool was a fantastic way of ruining things. This strange friendship that had taken six years to become something of a rather successful team-up (in Peter’s opinion) was fragile to say the least. Some weeks he could barely deal with the onslaught of texts that Deadpool would spam him with. Other weeks, Wade would be gone on a job. These “jobs” that he took, Peter didn’t like to ask about and Wade didn’t like to go into detail on either, but could go on for weeks or even months. Peter would just go about his life as usual; go to the university, take pictures for J. Jonah Jameson at the Daily Bugle for some cash, and sooner or later he’d get a text again looking for a team-up night. Lately though, Wade had been hanging around the city more and more; his last mission three months ago and only a quick two-day trip. That’s where the problem arose; the one that now had Peter hiding in an alley when he knew Wade was waiting for him.     For the past month, all he had been able to think about when he was around Wade was taking his own mask off. Some crazy voice in his head told him that it would be a good idea to reveal his identity to the less than reputable merc. Now that Aunt May was gone, the sad, lonely side of Peter desperately wanted someone to know  him. To be friends with Spiderman, even if he was just plain, ole’ boring Peter Parker underneath.     To be fair, he had Ned and M.J., who he hung around with on campus and sure, Ned did know that he was Spiderman, but he didn’t truly understand. Wade though had been fighting crime next to him since he'd taken down Vulture when he was 15. Ned and M.J. didn’t know what it was like spending every night swinging through the night buzz of New York City... the adrenaline and nerves that came with every fight, or the sorrow that came when someone couldn’t be saved in time.     But Wade knew and something about that meant so much more than anything.     Wade had been his closest friend for a while now. Despite what everyone always said about him, how dangerous he was, the honest truth was that Peter trusted him. Part of him wanted nothing more than to just be Peter Parker around the older man; to be able to take off his mask, maybe eat some pizza, play video games, just...be normal.      Ha, what a joke, Peter thought darkly.     Nothing was ever normal in Spiderman's life. And NOTHING at all was normal when it came to Deadpool.     Loud shouting pulled Peter from his thoughts and he tried to pinpoint where the noise originated from. He could hear the deep voices of men yelling, aggression laced in the sounds, and Peter’s head tilted up in the direction of the next door building’s rooftop. A particularly clear “What the fuck are you going to do about it?!” echoed down into the alley and without a second thought, he began climbing the wall. As quietly as he could, he reached the top ledge of the roof and peeked over.     Four men were standing a few feet away from him, their backs mostly turned towards him as the two men in long black coats closest began violently cussing out the two younger looking men across from them. The two younger men Peter could see more clearly, and their faces had the tired, sickly look of two men crashing hard. They were most likely trying to score the next hit before the DTs set in too hard. Before he could listen in to hear exactly what the argument had been about, one of the coated men reached into his pocket and quickly drew a handgun which he cocked and aimed at the other pair.     Realizing the time to act was now, Peter leapt over the edge and landed almost silently on the smooth rooftop. He got the perfect opportunity to shoot a string of webbing at the dealers before anyone had the chance to notice him. With a quick flick of his wrist, the gun was pulled out of the man’s hand. Finally at this point, the men saw their new visitor.     “I don’t think we need to resort to violence to work this out boys,” Peter taunted, catching the gun and throwing it aside and out of the way. The two junkies screamed and frantically scrambled their way to the stairwell doorway next to them. The two men in black though weren’t so easily frightened.     In fact, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Deadpool Thought Boxes
Blood and Gore
Blood and Violence
Spiderman Gets Hurt In A Fight Trope
Deadpool Is His Knight In Shining Armor
Identity Reveal
Slow Burn
Friends to Lovers
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Sister Margaret's Home For Wayward Girls
Drinking
Mildly Dubious Consent
Gun Violence
Self-Sacrifice
Body Image
Body Worship
Virgin Peter Parker
Hand Jobs
Kissing
Protective Tony Stark
Oral Sex
voyeurism?
for a hot second - Freeform
Love Confessions

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

