Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It had been five months, twenty-four days, eight hours and twenty-nine minutes since Thanos snapped his fingers and 50% of the universe went kaput. In that small span of time, Tony Stark was pretty sure he had aged twenty years. It was almost funny, in a way. He could remember how out of control his anxiety and depression had been before Thanos. That all seemed easy to deal with compared to life now. Not a day went by when Tony didn't meet someone who blamed him for what had happened; grief was everywhere around him and in him, festering in his heart, swallowing him whole.He sat back in his chair, rubbing his hands across his tired eyes. He'd grown used to the dull headache that pulsed at the back of his head. Slowly, knowing better than to move too fast less he get dizzy, he looked around at his companions. Bruce, Shuri, Nebula and Jane looked as tired and worn out as Tony felt, but for the first time in weeks Tony could see a spark of hope in their eyes. He glanced back down at what they'd been working on since the battle with Thanos. The little watch looked so innocuous."What do you think?" he asked, his voice sounding overly loud in the otherwise quiet room. "Who should go back?"Even though it was the obvious question, no one had posed it thus far. Tony hated to be one who brought up the elephant in the room, but now that they'd figured out time travel - time travel! - they had to elect someone to use it. Between the scarcity of the materials (some of which Nebula had had to go into space to find), how dangerous it was to work with them and the sheer amount of delicate work involved, they only had one watch. That meant only one person was capable of going back. They literally had to put all their eggs in one basket."Thor?" Jane ventured. It was a logical suggestion. With Stormbreaker at his side, Thor's powers had grown exponentially. Tony started to nod, but Shuri was already shaking her head."That's not a good idea. We know how unstable this technology is and Thor's powers are an unpredictable variable. He could end up anywhere. Or he could break it entirely." Shuri looked very small, huddled in on herself with her arms wrapped loosely around her waist. Tony hadn't known her before T'Challa died, but he'd heard she'd become a completely different person.They all had.Bruce put a hand on her shoulder. "Shuri's right. It has to be someone else. Steve?"Something in Tony's heart twisted, but he couldn't find the words to argue even though he felt very strongly that Steve was not the right choice for this. Steve couldn't really be trusted to make clear decisions when it came to Bucky Barnes. And ever since Bucky had disappeared, Steve had reverted back to the sharp, cold man he was when he first came out of the ice. In the back of his head, Tony envisioned a new future wherein Steve had sacrificed everyone else for the sake of Bucky and couldn't help wincing. "No. It should be Tony," said Nebula.Tony turned to her, astonished. "What?!" he exclaimed. The cape stirred at the sound of his voice, ruffling around his shoulders as though being blown by an invisible wind. Bruce looked at it warily as it wound around Tony's upper body in a pantomime of an embrace."Of the five of us, you are the best warrior. With your armor, you're stronger than I am," Nebula said. It seemed to pain her to admit it, but she forged on. "You also have the most connections on Earth aside from Bruce, but you don't have the same problems in battle that he does. I don't know Steve. I don't feel comfortable giving him the technology we've worked so hard for.""He's Captain America," Bruce said, as though that meant something, and maybe at one time it had. But the world had changed while Bruce was gone. Tony hadn't bothered filling him in. He didn't think Bruce would care. Besides, the whole "civil war" seemed so distant and far away now. Hundreds of faces filled their days, and with every morning came the discovery of a new person who'd been lost. Not just Peter and Strange and the Guardians, but Pepper and half the board of Stark Industries and Tony's new personal assistant and that barista who made his coffee just right and his favorite tailor. You would think after a while the grief would stop being so sharp and fresh, but it never dulled.Nebula looked down her nose. "What does that mean to me? I am not of your planet. He has not helped us. Tony has poured everything into this. My vote is for him.""Mine too," Jane said. Tony blinked at her stupidly."And mine," Shuri said with a nod.Bruce shrugged. "Works for me." He tried to smile, but it was like he'd forgotten how.Tony stared at them in amazement. "You want me to go? But...""It makes sense," Nebula said. She picked up the watch and handed it to him. Even though it weighed no more than a normal wristwatch, it was impossibly heavy in Tony's hand. He looked from face to face, trying to see even a hint of doubt. Remarkably, there was none. Jane, who'd been a she
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
spoilers for Infinity War
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
tony stark goes back in time
time traveling tony stark
two tony starks
pre-infinity war tony stark
post-infinity war tony stark
they are two separate people
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Issues
Panic Attacks
PTSD
Tony Stark has PTSD
Canon-Typical Violence
Flashbacks
Protective Stephen Strange
tony stark will save the world
hand holding
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
times two
tony stark has a cloak of levitation
stephen strange also has a cloak of levitation
wong is just done with the two of them
First Kiss
rehashing infinity war
the scene on titan will play out again
but differently
Lost Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Stephen Strange
Grief
Loss
Angst
Angst and Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
happyish ending
Hugging
platonic sleeping together
uru metal weapons
Protective Cloak of Levitation
not everyone who died in IW can be saved
but tony's gonna try his damndest
coping with loss
tony stark is the key

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

