Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 He’s had many names over the years, though, he wasn’t particularly attached to any.They were simply monikers to which he could be identified, to tell him who he was supposed to be. It was like a shorthand for orders – and for a long time, all he’d ever been was exactly who Hydra wanted: The Soldier.When Captain America – Steve Rogers – called him “Bucky”, his first response was immediate, “Who the hell is Bucky?” Because he didn’t know what that meant – he didn’t know what character he was expected to be, and it was enough of a distraction from his mission that he failed to accomplish it. He never quite forgave Steve for it, though he supposed that getting him out of Hydra clutches was a fair enough trade-off.He pretended to know better later – after the triggers were activated, after that airport had been totaled after he came out of deep freeze – he pretended “Bucky” meant something, and in the end it did.He was used to being used, used to filling in the spaces - the roles – the positions – of someone else: You needed someone killed, that’s what he was for. You needed someone to bury the body, he’s got two hands for a reason. You needed someone to rip through a base like a tank, just give him a gun. You needed someone to pretend to be your long-lost friend from the war, give him a name, and he would be anyone you want him to be.Asset. Fist of Hydra. The Winter Soldier. Bucky Barnes.It was all the same, really.When he met Tony Stark – The Iron Man – again, names became something else.After a moment of scrutinization, lingering on the prosthetic that the Princess gifted him with – even though he knows she didn’t make it, the design was too different to her signature – Tony asked, “How’s the arm?”His lips lifted. I knew it.A mission report tickled at his throat, lingering on his lower lip as he licked it before he remembered - with Steve at his left, he wasn’t the Winter Soldier, he was Bucky Barnes – and settled, with some difficulty on, “Operational."The engineer tilted his head, oddly inquisitive.The man reminded him of a handler – reminded him of being tested, examined, found lacking – and he couldn’t resist how his posture straightened, his body tensing for punishment until Tony declared, “That’ll do, Frosty.”Names, he realized, were powerful things. They not only told you who you were but also who you were to others. Tony referred to the Rogues by their last names or designation, and it seemed to upset them.He recognized it for what it was, though: distance, civil courtesy, indifference.No matter how often Steve insisted that “Tony needs us.”He snorted at the thought.The self-proclaimed genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist didn’t have a need for anything.The man had more money than God, a considerable sway in the media and the political ring, and the smarts and accompanying willpower to create a functioning Iron Man suit in a cave all while undergoing months of torture. And that’s when he remembered, rather belatedly why Tony Stark was dangerous. (Though he never forgot what the man could do – he earned the moniker of the Merchant of Death for a reason – and it was a sobering reminder that if Tony Stark had wanted to – Steve and he wouldn’t have been the ones to walk out of that bunker that day.)Tony was also, despite his strange hours and insistence in avoiding “team meals” not actually alone, if the names he peppered his supposed-favorites meant anything. And it did mean something with the way Steve, Romanova, and Barton would look enviously at them.DUM-E was nicknamed “Dumbo” and “old man”, while U and Butterfingers were called forth as “sweet pea” and “tater tot” respectively. Even Friday, the most intelligent and youngest of his children, was spoken to with every version of “sweetheart” and “darling” that Tony could manage to squeeze into an interaction. Tony too, referred to the Vision as, “The fruit of my loins,” and his human charge, the frighteningly unafraid spider-kid, could practically be summoned by the monikor of “Underoos.”Colonel Rhodes, as Tony’s oldest and dearest friend, had a variety of nicknames bestowed upon him, everything from “Honey-bear” to “Gum Drop” to “Sour Patch” and it reeked of familiarity and friendliness and family.To Tony, names meant closeness, and none of the Rogues were considered close to him anymore. Color them all surprised then when Tony began to address him with outlandish names.They were randomly picked and were either a nod towards his Winter Soldier title (“Frosty” and “Tasty Freeze” being the two regularly in use) or a variation of Bucky (“Buckaroo” and “Bucky-bear” which Tony used sparingly, and only ever if Steve were in the room). Thinking about it now, almost three months since their return to the United States, he was both surprised and amused that he hadn’t figured it out sooner.“You’re petty as hell,” he concluded.And there it was, that glacial to grow smirk that was everything devious and mischievous, as his reward.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
in which he is neither the Soldier or Bucky
it's a minor identity crisis
but Tony's got him
Pet Names
Nicknames
The Rogues are back from Wakanda
not team Cap friendly
Post Captain America: Civil War

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

