Work Text:


MJ:

 What are you doing right now, Spider-Boy?


Peter:

 Nothing really. 


MJ:

 That’s boring. You should come do me instead. That’d be fun.


Peter:

 What? Does that mean what I think it means?


MJ:

 Oh my god. Just get over here with me, dumbass.


Peter:

 On my way.
Michelle smirked and set a timer on her phone after she read his last text. She was curious about Peter’s abilities when he wasn’t using them for superhero reasons, and had been testing them in an unorthodox manner since she first learned about his powers. A few weeks earlier she had him twist a crowbar into a spiral, which currently resided on her bookshelf.Exactly four minutes and thirty-two seconds later, her favorite spider was knocking on her eighth floor window. He slipped inside, removing his mask after shutting the window and closing the curtains.“Hey MJ.” He greeted a little breathlessly.“Damn Parker, twenty-six blocks in under five minutes. Impressive.” MJ regarded him with raised brows and a nod.“You timed me?” Peter asked incredulously, a blush rising in his cheeks.“I wanted to see how fast Spider-Man could move when motivated by the promise of sex.” She stated with a hint of an amused smile.“Did you invite me over just to embarrass me?” he asked with a pout.“Yes.” She answered with a dead serious expression, prompting a disbelieving sound from him. “I’m kidding, Loser. My parents went on a date, dinner and a movie. I figured since I have three hours of alone time, I might as well spend them doing something. Well, doing someone.”“Doing… me?” Peter questioned as if he needed confirmation that she did, in fact, want to do him in particular. She rolled her eyes at this unbelievable dork she had so hopelessly fallen for.MJ closed the space between them, slender fingers tilting his head up to meet her lips. His hands moved to her waist as he kissed her back sweetly. Her fingers found themselves tangled in his hair, and he was more than willing to comply when her soft lips became more insistent. They pressed closer together, ending up with Peter’s back pressed against the wall, and MJ so deliciously pressed against him. She gently bit his lower lip, and used his surprise to move her thigh between his without him noticing. Their kissing grew frantic after she introduced her tongue to his. She rubbed her thigh against the stiff heat quickly growing against the fabric of his suit. He broke the kiss with a gasp, breathing hard as he met her satisfied smile with wide eyes.“I was thinking about the other night, and I realized I never properly returned the favor.” MJ punctuated her sentence by pressing the spider emblem on his chest, loosening his suit. She hooked her fingers in the fabric, pulling it down as she moved with it. Peter seemed frozen, eyes locked on her while she placed kisses down his chest as his skin was slowly exposed. She lowered to her knees while kissing down his abs. When she reached his boxers she started to pull them down along with the suit. He sucked in a breath when she freed his erection, letting the clothing fall by itself after she had it halfway down his thighs. She licked her lips at the wonderful sight.“H-holy shit, MJ.” He stuttered, somehow managing to look awed and nervous at the same time.“Don’t worry, I did my research.” She said with a mischievous smile.“Wait, what?” he sounded a little confused, then he gasped as MJ put an end to any following questions by leaning in and giving the tip of his dick an experimental lick.Peter groaned when she suddenly took most of him in her mouth. She started slow, bobbing her head in rhythm. He didn’t seem to know what to do with his hands, deciding to caress her loose curls gently. She increased her pace along with the increasing raggedness of his breathing. MJ softly fondled his balls with one hand, the other hand sneaking below her own waistband.She pulled back so that her lips enclosed just the head, bringing a hand up to jack off his shaft. Her swirling tongue and gentle sucking were accompanied by her lusty gaze locking on his own. He realized that the hand that wasn’t on him was in her own pants, and he could swear his eyes would roll back into his head. Oh god, she was killing him.“Em, I’m gonna…” Peter warned, a strained grunt cutting off the rest of his sentence.MJ hummed in acknowledgement, and the wonderful vibrations tipped him over the edge. His muscles tensed as ecstasy flowed through him, hands tightening the slightest bit in her hair. She took in as much of him as she could, swallowing each spurt of cum as he pulsed and throbbed against her tongue. His moan was soft, quieter than she would’ve expected.She released him with a pop, pulling her hand out of her pants and sitting back on her heels. She wiped her fingers on her shirt, using her sleeve to wipe her mouth. Whatever, she’d just do laundry later. They were both panting, and he looked happy and dazed. MJ watched him with a proud smirk, pleased with the result of her effort.“Hey b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Spideychelle
Smut
Blow Jobs
Making Out
Vaginal Sex
the nerds are having some more fun
Tony has terrible timing

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

