Chapter 1: Cafe Collaring
    




Chapter Text
After ten terrible tinder dates, Kate is pretty delighted at the guy who invites her to a dog cafe—even when he specifies it's a cafe you bring dogs to, not one where you go to pet dogs. Still, it's cute enough she'll forgive that the guy is named Chad and looks very frat boy. But it's a kinda hipstery frat boy and his hair is floppy and he has abs and a giant-eared doberman mix so Kate figures what the hell, why not?So she puts on an outfit a bit more daring than usual—Kate isn't much of a skirt person—and heads out. She'd considered bringing lucky but decided managing one guy and one dog would be enough.Chad in person is no different from his profile picture, but his dog is ENORMOUS. Kate is pretty sure the dog weighs more than she does."Wow," she says, gesturing at the giant dog."He gets that a lot. Vlad looks intimidating but he's a sweetheart." Chad scratches behind those giant floppy ears. "To human ladies, anyway. He does have occasional issues with other male dogs so we're headed to a spot in back."Their booth is surrounded by a gated barrier. Chad must see her puzzled look, as he gestures at Vlad. "They have a few booths like this for dogs that need smaller, more managed social interactions." He ruffles Vlad's head, making those huge ears flop around. "Vlad likes proving he's the top dog too much. It's best he sticks around chill dogs like your Lucky.""Sorry I didn't bring him today. I'd meant to, but stuff happened." Namely, Clint was such a mess he needed a babysitter and Lucky was better than nothing. Clint's better at taking care of others than himself and Lucky fits that bill pretty well. Especially since Kate's convinced him that dogs need better care than occasional walks and pizza."Next time, then." Chad says with an eyebrow waggle as he sits in the chair facing the boothKate sits. The booth is weird. It's barely wide enough for two people to sit beside each other and extremely shallow. Kate's skirt is short and the seat barely extends past it. On top of that, the table gets in the way of her legs. She has to either tuck both knees to one side or place her legs on either side of the broad slats of the table. Which wouldn't have been a big deal if she'd opted for pants.Well, fuck it. The dim room and tucked away booth won't let it be too obvious how indecent she's being.She considers asking Chad to switch places with her to see if his regular-looking chair is any better, but decides it isn't worth the fuss.They chat a bit about nothing much before the waiter comes up and takes their orders. Since they both want black coffee, they opt to share a pot. It's delivered to their table within a couple minutes.Chad gets the waiter's attention. “We'll be good with this pot for some time. No need to check on us, we'll flag you down if we need anything.”The waiter gives a grateful nod and leaves.Now that they're alone the usual awkward pressure of first dates arrive. They exchange some small talk as they sip coffee.“So what are you into?” The way he smiles makes it very clear he's not talking about hobbies.“A variety of things,” Kate says. “Depending on my mood and who's involved. I'm not looking for anything long term. My work,” she gives a wry smile, “keeps me moving around a lot and demands a lot of my time. It always comes first. Relationships aren't my priority and whoever I'm with needs to get that.”“So relationships come second, and you don't want to come second?”It's not as clever as he thinks but she approves of the sentiment so she lets it slide. Inconsiderate guys aren't worth her time. “Yes.”He nods, agreeable. “I appreciate a woman who knows what she wants. Makes life easier for me.”His dog shifts under the table. Kate doesn't think much of it when she feels his nose at her knee, cold and curious. “And what are you into?”“A variety of things,” he echoes. “I've dabbled in BDSM, had one enjoyable threesome and four terrible ones. I've opted for casual hookups instead of a steady relationship for the past year and enjoyed it.”Vlad pushes his nose against her thigh, sniffing. Kate gives him a little push but it barely moves him since her leg has no leverage from its awkward angle. Kate decides she can live with his head resting between her legs for now.“I've done much the same, minus the threesomes. More emphasis on hookups.” Kate gives him a look she hopes conveys that he's in the running but he'll have to work for any post-date sex. Chad nods. "Glad we're on the same page. Neither of us wants to want to bite off more than we can chew."Vlad pushes his nose under her skirt and as Kate tries to shove him aside again, he licks her thigh. Kate goes still in shock.“Kate?”“Hmm?” she says out of pure autopilot. Christ, the dog is licking up her leg."Were you offended by the dog pun?"It takes her a second because the dog is very distracting. "I've heard way, way worse puns and dad jokes than that. You'll have to try harder." She suppresses a gasp as Vlad
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kate Bishop/Original Male Dog(s)
Kate Bishop/Original Male Character(s)
Kate Bishop/Lucky (Hawkeye)

freeform: 
Bestiality
Cunnilingus
Public Sex
Date Rape
Extremely Dubious Consent
Verbal Humiliation
Non-Consensual Bondage
Fucked while Stuck
Knotting
Clothed Sex
Collars
Dom/sub
Master/Pet
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Sex
Non-Consensual Voyeurism
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Manipulative Relationship
Timeline What Timeline

fandom: 
Kate Bishop/Original Male Dog(s)
Kate Bishop/Original Male Character(s)
Kate Bishop/Lucky (Hawkeye)

