Work Text:
1."Morning, Tones." Stephen sleepily murmured as he walked into the kitchen, running a hand through the genius' hair and dropping a kiss onto it as he walked past him. He laughed as Tony's head slid onto the table."Hey Tony, you never told us about your brother?" Tony groaned, him and Stephen being too tired to really understand what Steve had said."Doctor Stephen Stark, nice to meet you." He proceeded to sit next to Tony, handing him one of the two large mugs of coffee he had made. Tony's head raised and he smiled tiredly."Thanks. You make the best coffee ever." 2."Tony, I swear to God you've got to be more careful!" Stephen was livid. Tony had almost died again trying to save Stephen's life again. "I know you want to keep me safe and protect me, but I can handle myself.""I know but I just...if anything were to happen to you, I don't think I could deal with it..." Stephen melted under Tony sad face and pulled him into his arms."Jesus Tony, just please be more careful. I can protect myself." Tony hummed. "Kay." Bruce awkwardly walked in a smiled at them."Steve told me. It's nice to meet you Doctor Stark," Stephen nodded at him, "Could I borrow Tony for awhile?" They both nodded this time and Bruce walked out of the room, missing Tony give Stephen a quick kiss goodbye. 3."Guys! Natasha, I need your help. Now!" Tony slipped into the common room in the compound, his face filled with worry and his eyes swam with unshed tears. "Please... Stephen's been taken..."Every Avenger, old and new, stood up in a flurry of worry. Tony breathed heavily as Natasha took charge of all the Avengers present. There was of course Natasha, Steve, Clint, Bruce and Thor but there was also Undroos, Rhodey, Pepper (she's not an Avenger but she was still there), Sam, Bucky, the Defenders, and Carol Denvers."Don't worry, Tones, we'll help get your brother back." Tony looked at Rhodey and Pepper who both had shit eating grins at the statement despite the emergency.Whatever...he'll deal with the whole 'brother' thing later.---They stormed into the base where Stephen was sitting, magic blocking chain cuffs on and looking bored. He smiled when he saw all of the Avengers burst in."About time. Where's Tony?" Tony stumbled through the crowd, shedding the armor as he got closer and he fell into Stephen."You're just as bad as me, Stephen. You need to be more careful too, dumbass..." Tony murmured against his neck, kissing it as he pulled away from him. The Avengers had cleared out and the sounds of screaming enemies could be heard in the background."I love you. So much." He pulled Tony into a kiss, his shaking hands pushing into Tony's hair as he smiled into the kiss."I love you, too. So, so much."  4.Tony was half awake as Stephen slept beneath him on the couch in the common room of the compound. One of Stephen's hands was limply hanging, a book losely held by it as his other hand was wrapped around Tonys, their hands hidden in the couches creases. "I wish I had a sibling. They're adorable brothers. They obviously love each other and have been through a lot together." Tony grumbled at the noise he was hearing and buried his head into Stephen's neck."Oh, sh, sh.""Shut up, Clint. I want to get a photo of them and then put it into the group chat." Tony moved his free hand and curled it around Stephen's neck, he carded his fingers through his hair. "Awh..." There was around maybe eight voices that made the same sound all at once and both Stephen and Tony grumbled. Everything went silent."Tony...if that's you, I will portal you to the top of Everest. Trust me, I've been there and it's not fun." The words were slurred with sleep but could be decifered easily.Tony shushed him. "Try'na sleep, shush..." Stephen lets go of Tonys hand and curled his arm around Tony's waist. "Love you...""Love you too.""It's so cute..." There was a distant 'fwap!' sound and a whispered swear word. Tony and Stephen fell asleep.---"Are you kidding me?" Him and Stephen were both wide awake and were now watching the footage from earlier."I thought they were joking everytime it came up in conversation. They, a bunch of fucking superheros who save the world on almost a daily basis, genuinely think we're brothers. We're two fucking gay men in the gayest fucking marriage ever. We've been married for goddamn eighteen years!" Tony yelled as he hit his head several times. He looked at Stephen with utter despair."I know. God, how stupid could these people be!" Stephen's nose scrunched up."Holy shit every time you scrunch your nose up, it turns me on." Stephen just sighed. 5.They've taken to making out in common areas. They were experimenting to see if they'd just fucking realise. Not the smartest plan but fuck it.Stephen's lips were hot against his own, his teeth biting gently on his, tugging at his bottom lip, his hands on Tony's waist whilst Tony's were tugging at Stephens hair.Stephen pressed his lips against Tony's neck, sucking and biting at the skin. Small moans fell fr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
IronStrange
Team as Family
Civil War fix it
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Stephen Strange
Fluff

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

