Chapter 1: Take It From Someone Who's Been Where You're At
    




Chapter Text
Clint catches sight of the man huddled by the front of Phil’s building from a block away.  He can see him shivering from here, and flashes back to nights at the circus huddled in with the horses in an attempt to keep warm.  Clint stops for a minute to consider and then taps his hearing aide to initiate the link to the comm he knows Phil still has in.
“Phil?” 
A moment passes.  “Clint?”  Clint can hear the carefully concealed concern lacing Phil’s tone and winces.
“I’m fine, sorry.  I just… do you have any food at your old place?”
“You couldn’t wait until you got there to simply check?”  Phil’s tone is fondly amused now.  “Or waited until after you picked up the papers and made it to the Tower?”
“It’s not for me.”
A sigh whispers across the line. “Clint what did you do?”
“Nothing.  Yet.  But there is a guy on the landing of your building.  Looks like he is having a rough time.  It’s snowing Phil.  I was just gonna see if I would give him something to eat, maybe a blanket or something.  Sorry.  I’ll just leave it alone.”  Clint feels the familiar sinking that means he has somehow missed another social clue and done something wrong.
“No, Clint, I’m sorry.  That is a nice thing to do.  I don’t think there is any food left at the apartment, but there should still be coffee from Tony’s last shopping spree.  Why don’t you take him some coffee and a blanket.  I think there is an old jacket in the closet you can give him if you think it would fit.  I am just about done here so how about I go and grab something from Beth’s and meet you at the apartment?”
“Ok that sounds good.  Will you get me some curly fries?”
“Of course.”  Clint can practically hear Phil’s fond smile and relaxes.  
“Phil?”
“Yes?”
“Thank you.”  
“Always.  I will see you soon.”
Clint taps the aide again to disconnect the link and resumes his walk to the building.  Crouching near the man but leaving enough space so he hopefully won’t feel corned, Clint says “Hey buddy?”
There is no response, and Clint reaches out to gently shake the guy’s arm.  The reaction he gets this time is startling.  The guy scrambles away from Clint, pressing himself even further into the corner and whimpering.  
“Whoa whoa whoa it’s ok!  I am not gonna hurt you!  It’s okay!”  Clint says quickly, holding his hands up in a calming gesture.  He takes a closer look and realizes the guy is younger than he thought.  A lot younger.  He is just a kid by the looks of him and Clint knows all too well what usually causes a reaction like that.  
The kid has stopped scrambling away and is staring at Clint suspiciously, chest heaving.  He doesn’t say anything, but looks poised to take off at the slightest provocation.  Clint keeps eye contact with the kid as he slowly sinks from his crouch to settle on the sidewalk. The kid loses a little of his defensiveness at the realization that Clint has just put himself at a disadvantage.
“What do you want?”  The hoarse whisper is resigned under a show of defiance and Clint’s heart clenches.  He can hear Phil berating him now for what he is about to do, but he can’t help himself.
“To help.”  Clint answers simply, and holds up his hand to stall the kid before he can protest.  “Seriously.  I know that sounds creepy and suspicious as fuck, but I really do just want to help.  I have been where you are kid and I swear I don’t want anything from you. I am not going to try to do anything to you and won’t do anything that makes you uncomfortable.”
Something flashes in the kid’s eyes and Clint gives him a moment before continuing.  “We have a couple options.  My partner is on his way here with food.  You can wait here for him, and I can run up and grab you some coffee and a blanket.  Or you can come up with me and wait in the warmth.  Drink some coffee or whatever we can find and eat something. Or you can tell me to fuck off.”
The kid hasn’t relaxed his posture any, but he is still watching Clint.  He studies him another moment before whispering, “If I come inside - I can leave whenever I want?”
“Of course.”  Clint replies.  He hesitates and then reaches down to his boot with one hand while leaving the other out in a gesture of peace.  Clint slowly slips his boot knife out and places it on the ground, sliding it across to the kid’s reach.  He lets go of the knife and puts that hand up with the other.  “Insurance.”  He says to the kid.  
The kid squints at the knife and then at Clint.  Reaching out, eyes never leaving Clint, the boy grabs the knife and settles it in his hand.  Clint isn’t sure what to make of the fact that the kid seems completely comfortable with the weapon.  He can practically hear Phil screaming at him in the back of his head, but for some reason he can’t just leave this kid alone in the snow.  
Keeping his motions slow and evident, Clint stands and offers the kid a hand.  “What’s it gonna be?”
The kid doesn’t take the help, but does stand.  “I’ll come inside.”  
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson & Stiles Stilinski
Phil Coulson & Sheriff Stilinski
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton & Stiles Stilinski
James "Bucky" Barnes & Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers & Stiles Stilinski
Bruce Banner & Stiles Stilinski

freeform: 
Hurt Stiles
Hurt/Comfort
BAMF Phil Coulson
BAMF Clint Barton
Touch-Starved
Touch-Starved Stiles Stilinski
Abusive Relationships
Bad Parent Sheriff Stilinski
Scott McCall is a Bad Friend
like really and truly terrible
Protective Avengers
Avengers Family
Nerd references everywhere
Nerd Stiles
Smart Stiles
Violence
Past Torture
references to past torture
Scars
Stiles Stilinski Has Scars
have I mentioned Scott McCall is a terrible friend?
references to past suicide attempts
illusions to suicide
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Past Rape/Non-con

fandom: 
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Phil Coulson & Stiles Stilinski
Phil Coulson & Sheriff Stilinski
Tony Stark & Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Stiles Stilinski
Clint Barton & Stiles Stilinski
James "Bucky" Barnes & Stiles Stilinski
Steve Rogers & Stiles Stilinski
Bruce Banner & Stiles Stilinski

