Chapter 1: Opening
    


Notes:
Many thanks to the wonderful gstarshine who encouraged me that this idea was a good one! Warnings in this Chapter: Major Character Death(s)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Missus Stark?”
Her heart lurched as Peter spoke, fear filling her as she whipped around. She watched as the teen stook a staggering step forward before looking at her with wide, fearful eyes. “Peter?” she whispered, voice barely heard. No, no… not her boy.
Not her son.
“I don’t feel so good.” No… no, no, nonononono
“*You’re alright,” she heard herself saying, staying still as the 15 year old took another few steps forward, his fingertips starting to disappear into dust.
“I-I don’t know - I don’t know what’s happening,” He finally reached her by tripping, and she easily caught him, letting his arms wrap around her as he buried his head into her shoulder and began to sob. “I don’t want to go, I don’t want to go, ma’am  please , please I don’t wanna go.”
Her heart wrenched; his ma’am was slurred from panic, almost making it sound like mom...
“I don’t wanna go,” his legs dissolved, and she fell to her knees, making sure he didn’t take the impact as she laid him down, tears trailing down both their faces. She forced herself not to look down, not to look down at his body, which she could feel crumbling. She forced herself to look at his face, and as he looked at her, a knowing moment passed through them. “I’m sorry m…”
A scream tore through her as she watched his face break down, and when arms, gentle, wrapped around her, she let herself break, squeezing the man tight. “Why?” She demanded, looking up at the Wizard.
“It has to be this way,” he murmured back, and in her horror, she saw him start to disappear. “We’ve reached the end-game now.”
“Stephen?” She whispered, and he gave her one final smile before, like everyone else, he disappeared as well, leaving her alone with some weird blue skinned robo-alien chick she was 50% sure (check: 1000% sure) would sooner kill her than help her.
“Now what?” The Femboto huffed as Toni stayed kneeling at the ground, staring at the broken buildings of this sorry world. “Are you just planning on sitting there and staying sad all day?”
“Furious,” she whispered.
“What?” The other woman snapped as the human stood up, hands clenching.
“I’m fucking  furious  ,” she snarled. “That… that… grape ass ugly mother fucking  bastard  fucking killed my  son!  I’m going to kill him.”
There she was, a tiny five foot two steaming human, prepared to go toe-to-toe again with a hulking eleven-foot alien who, apparently, easily beat the crap out of Hulk. “We have to get to wherever the last stone was. Maybe there’s survivors there.” Femboto said.
“Earth,” she mumbled, running a hand through her hair. “The Avengers, we would’ve stopped them.”
“Then we go there,”
“No,” Toni’s voice had the alien turn around, eyes sharp in a glare. “No, if Thanos got the Mind Stone, that means that he… It means he killed Vision. He most likely killed the others as well. We have to go to Thanos.”
“We don’t even know where he is!” She hissed back. “For all we know, he could be centuries in the past! Or he could’ve dusted himself when he got the final stone!”
“It’s a chance I’m willing to take.” Antonia “Toni” Stark said in full determination, and began to walk away from the battle ground. Away from Peter’s ashes.

She wasn’t sure how she managed it, but one second, she had been fighting extremely high gravity in a desolate wasteland and the next, she was at a temple like structure in a lush green forest. “What the  fuck ?” She whispered.
“Iron Man,” a booming voice said, and she all but jumped out of her skin, stabilizers attempting to fire up as she aimed towards the purple thumb of a man. Just the sight of him made her blood boil. “I am glad to see you were spared.”
“You killed my  son  , you son of a bitch. Don’t you fucking  tell  me you’re  glad  that  I  was spared.” She snarled, hearing the familiar whine on her left hand. Her blast, however, turned into butterflies, like the ones Strange had made in the battle. “Not even going to attack me?” she mumbled after a small moment.
“I brought you here for a  deal  ,” he said, and her blood chilled. Years ago, she and Loki had spoken before Hulk “smashed” him. He said a deal was the only way to escape the Mad Titan’s gaze. “You spoke so  highly  of the Avengers, but yet the only two to truly give me trouble was that Captain and Reality Bender.”
 Cap and Scar?  She thought, mind ablaze. Steve, of course, she could understand as he was a super soldier, but Wanda? “Why are you telling me this?”
“I went in expecting a  fight  . I expected a  challenge .” There was… something else.
“Send me back,” the words were out of her mouth before she could stop it. “Send me back 10 years and I’ll give you the fight of your fucking life.” She saw his eyes narrow and he glanced up at the sky, towards the sunrise. “There were so man
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Vision
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Peter Parker
End Game Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Ashes Scene in Avengers: Infinity War Part 1
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Angst
This might as well be a deal to sell a soul
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Feels
Tony-centric
Parent Tony Stark
Female Tony Stark
Fem!Tony Stark - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
slowbuild
Blood and Gore
Other Ships Not Mentioned in Tags
Adults using adult language
BAMF Tony Stark
Ho Yinsen Lives
BAMF Ho Yinsen
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Additional Warnings In Author's Note
I call Dummy DUM-E because he is an AI
I do this to You/U as well
You'll have to fight me to change my mind about it
Oh hey look
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Freakin' Thor shows up outta nowhere and now I have to change my tags
Hi yes I realize it's Norns instead of Fates
But as this is mainly Tony-centric they'll most likely be referred to as Fates
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
For those who don't know: A+ Parenting is a Bad Thing
Yall this was made by an Angst Queen
Why are all of you so surprised when i drop angst?
its part of the story
JARVIS has a body
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Feels
Android Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Canon Divergence - Thor (2011)
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Vision
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Peter Parker
End Game Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

