Chapter 1: Steve meets Bucky
    




Chapter Text
It wasn’t just how he looked. Of course, the fact that he was ridiculously stunning was what Steve had noticed first when he’d spotted him across the diner, and had left him staring with his mouth open before he’d realised what he was doing, but how could he not?
The guy had this beautifully soft looking hair, tied into a messy bun, strands escaping and falling into his eyes. Every time he pushed it back behind his ears Steve had to push down the sigh that threatened to escape him. And then those eyes, god those eyes. Even from a distance Steve could see they were light blue, framed by long dark lashes and currently completely focused on the laptop in front of him.
Steve had to stop himself from even thinking about the guy’s mouth, having to literally force himself to stop looking as the guy bit down on his lower lip in concentration. He couldn’t see much of the guy’s body, hidden behind the table of the booth he was sitting at, but he thought he could make out some excellent looking arm muscles, unfortunately hidden behind the black sweater the guy had on.
But no, Steve thought to himself. It wasn’t just his looks. Steve had been watching him for over forty minutes now and the first time the guy had smiled up at his waitress, with a warm genuine smile that lit up his entire face, his eyes crinkling in the corners, Steve had felt utterly and completely captivated. This guy had a warmth that just radiated out of him.
The next time he smiled again, when the waitress refilled his coffee, Steve found himself sort of hating the waitress, wishing that this guy would smile at him and only him ever again. Of course, this guy hadn’t even noticed him—Steve was sitting out of the guy’s eye line. After an hour had passed, Steve decided he had to remedy that.
He ordered a piece of apple pie from his place at the counter and informed the waitress that he was going to move to a booth, getting a refill for his coffee and carrying it with him. He slid into the booth that was across and one down from the guy, sitting facing in his direction.
The guy looked up at the movement and met Steve’s eyes, giving him a slight smile after a second.
Steve felt himself combust at having even a small version of this guy’s smile directed at him and oh, he was wrong, his eyes weren’t light blue, they were an amazing gray-blue that Steve didn’t think he’d ever seen on another person.
Steve watched as the guy’s gaze lingered on his arms, which were very visible in the tight gray t-shirt he had on, and oh, wasn’t that interesting, Steve thought. Steve couldn’t help himself—he lifted his coffee cup, causing his right arm muscle to flex, and watched as the guy looked and suddenly dropped his eyes back to the laptop, ducking his head, and oh god, he was biting his lip again, Steve realised.
Steve had never quite gotten used to people actually finding him attractive. He’d grown up skinny and short, always getting sick, and even though he’d finally hit a growth spurt as he neared the end of his teenage years and grown out of his childhood illnesses, he still felt like the same small kid that no one wanted to know sometimes. In fact, until he’d joined the Army, he’d still carried around a lot of hang-ups from his childhood. The Army was where he’d finally come into his own. Other soldiers had respected him and his unit had become the family he’d lost when his mother had passed.
Losing soldiers and being on the brink of death himself had also caused a significant change to Steve’s mindset once he’d left the Army. He’d always known time was precious—the time he’d not had with his mother had been proof of that—but now he’d promised himself that he wouldn’t wait around anymore and if he wanted something he would get it. That attitude was part of the reason he’d been able to build up his graphic design business to the success it was today—a feat virtually unheard of for someone of thirty-two.
Steve glanced over at the guy again, amazed he’d lost himself in thought for a moment, when that guy was sitting less than ten feet from him. The guy looked over again at the same time Steve had looked and seemed to freeze a little at being caught out. Steve felt little butterflies setting off in his stomach. He gave the guy a warm smile.
“What are you working on?” Steve asked, gesturing towards the laptop.
“What?” the guy stuttered out, perhaps surprised Steve had spoken. Those big eyes were fixed on Steve now. The sound of his voice, even just one word uttered, set Steve off wondering what it would sound like if he said Steve’s name…or moaned it…
Steve pulled himself back from the brink. “I’ve just never seen someone look so focused…especially not at eleven on a Friday night,” he said, genuinely curious.
He knew why he was hanging out in a diner on a Friday, but this guy seemed like the type who would be out, surrounded by friends, having a good time. Steve had a great group of friends, but they also seemed to be a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Pining
Age Difference
Steve is 32
Bucky is 22
steve is rich
Bucky is in college
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Possessive Steve Rogers
Fluff
Steve likes looking after people
Bucky is a sweetheart
Fluff without Plot
maybe a little bit of plot
Eventual Smut
eventual angst
Happy Ending
Temporary Breakup
Domestic Fluff
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Explicit Sexual Content
AU
Post-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

