Chapter 1: Forty Day Dream
    




Chapter Text
Lincoln has not had a good day.His dad has been gone since last month. He hardly remembers what he  looks like, except for when he looks at the pictures on the bookshelf. His papa has been a jerk all day — cereal for breakfast, a bologna sandwich for lunch (with  cold  bologna), leftovers for dinner, and in between, he’d ignored him. Bruce Banner had knocked on the door twice, but both times he’d visited, he’d just ruffled up Lincoln’s hair or patted his back and then disappeared into the bedroom with Papa. Lincoln had tried to talk to him as he’d hurried back out the door, but Bruce didn’t really pay attention. That had never happened before. He doesn’t like it.So, Lincoln had tried to watch a movie, but Papa’d said the noise hurt his head and made him turn it off, so he had built a fort in the living room. Forts didn’t make any noise. But his Papa had been mad about that, too. He’d gotten quiet and mean and made him help tear it down and pick up all his stuff off the floor, and then he’d laid down on the couch with a pillow over his face. He seemed like he was in a really bad mood.Lincoln had tried to be the bigger person and cheer him up. He’d covered him with a blanket, and even though he’d said, “Thank you,” he had kicked it off a few seconds later. Lincoln had tried everything. He’d offered to work a puzzle with him, to fix them both a snack, to go get the Legos, read to him, whatever he wanted. But after Lincoln had just about run himself out of helpful ideas, all his Papa had said was, “Go play out in the common room.”Lincoln had tried the blanket one more time.“Lincoln. Please.” And off went the blanket again.So Lincoln had stomped out the door, and just before he’d shut it, he’d called his Papa a really rude word that he’s heard his Dad say:  Asshole. Not even  that  had gotten his Papa’s attention. He hadn’t even yelled.There was no one else to play with. Nathaniel and Natalie were back home with their mom and dad. Tony was off doing Iron Man stuff, Peter was with him, Bruce was busy, Sam was with Dad. Nobody knew or cared that he’d pretty much been kicked out of his own house.He’d tried to rebuild his fort in the big common room, but there were no blankets. Just chairs and pillows. He ends up building more of a pillow-box, and he shuts himself in with a couch cushion. Too bad he hadn’t brought anything with him to do.His new fort is just...boring. And dark.Lincoln is getting  really  tired of the new baby making his papa act like a dick all the time. He’s had a bad attitude for days now. He’s getting scared that it might be permanent.He curls up on the common room floor, surrounded by the ugly yellow pillows, and tries to decide what he’ll do if his papa keeps being such a problem. Maybe he could call a family meeting and talk to Papa  and  Dad about it. He could probably make a really good presentation on his Starkpad.Or maybe he could go live with Sam for a while. Just until the new baby gets here. Or, if the new baby turns out to be terrible, maybe he can just live with Sam forever.Maybe Clint will adopt him, and he can go live at their house and swim at the lake with Natalie everyday. He decides that sounds like the best idea. He thinks about it for a long time — about all the sunshine, and the trees, and getting lost in the woods, and showing Natalie how to play baseball, and drawing pictures for her. She’d be so impressed with his drawings. She’d probably fall in love with him and then they’d get married. Then they’d have their  own  house, and they’d have  tons  of pillows and blankets and chairs for forts, and they could play video games in them. Not educational video games, either. The kind Lyla and Cooper had.He thinks about it so hard that he can  see it. It’s really nice. 
 Lincoln sits up really fast. He had been asleep, and then he’d heard something that made him open his eyes just a little, and he’d seen a shape looking at him from outside his fort.“Woah, woah, just me, Slim.”Oh, good. Just Sam. Lincoln’s sudden alertness goes away, and he realizes he’s still pretty sleepy. But he’s really sore, too. The floor out here is way too hard to sleep on.“Come on out of there.”Lincoln doesn’t even open his eyes. Too tired. He army-crawls out of the doorway that Sam busted through, and Sam scoops him off the floor and carries him, just like his dad does. His Papa used to carry him a lot too, but not lately. His Dad says it’s because he’s carrying the new baby all the time and he can’t put it down, and it’s hard to carry two things. Lincoln hadn’t argued, but he had wanted to ask  then why would you have two kids if you can only carry one? He’s pretty sure Sam could carry two.Even though he’s not quite awake, Lincoln thinks they’ve been walking too long to be going back to his apartment.Wait — if Sam is home, maybe his dad is home, too. But why wouldn’t his dad come back to the apartment? He sits up and makes his eyes open. Sam’s eyebrows are 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Romance
Drama
Family Feels
Mpreg
Post Mpreg
Childbirth
Male Lactation
Breastfeeding
Post The Simple Life
Canon-Typical Violence
Bearded Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Dialogue Heavy
Parenting
Language
graphic birth
Sequel
Medical Examination
Medical Procedures
Platonic Female/Male Relationships
Blood Loss
Series
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Disasters
Angst
Cliffhangers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Sharon Carter/Sam Wilson

