Chapter 1: Capitals Cubed
    




Chapter Text
1.In the time since moving into Stark Tower, Bruce had grown accustomed to the peculiar direction his life had taken. The initial offer to move in with Tony was completely unexpected. He barely knew the guy, after all. But in the confusion and chaos that befell New York after the invasion, he didn’t over analyze the offer. Instead, he took it for what it most likely was- an act of kindness by someone who seemed to, somehow, genuinely like him. The rest of the team followed soon after. Tony had more than enough space for all of them, and Pepper seemed to be nothing but supportive of the engineer using his resources to help out the newly formed team. One by one the heroes found their way into the ridiculously sized building. Floors were claimed and interactions had taken place. And in months since then, dangerous battles and domestic affairs had molded them into a formidable group. It was unexpected.It was, honestly, a bit strange.But Bruce thought of it mostly as one thing now. Nice. Bruce mulled over all these thoughts as he sat in his lab working on his latest project. Or rather, sat in his and Tony’s lab. Shortly after moving in, the billionaire had escorted him here and explained that the room was open to him anytime, even though Tony himself often had to work in here for anything he couldn’t do in his personal workshop. Tony seemed a bit hesitant saying this, as if having to share the huge space with Tony would be nuisance to the scientist. It was one of the first times Bruce saw something bordering on vulnerability from the other man, so he quickly assured him that it was more than enough. Amazing, actually. And he was unbelievably grateful. Bruce cursed as he let a vial of orange liquid tip over, spilling it’s contents onto the desk in front of him. He grabbed a rag from the nearest counter and set to work mopping up the non hazardous spill. “You okay there, buddy?” Tony muttered distractedly. The two had been at work for several hours now. Usually the space was filled with chatter from the philanthropist (he never played music down here in the lab, he saved that for his personal workshop), but today was one of the rare days that he admitted to needing to focus on a particularly difficult coding endeavor. That meant that the last two hours had been spent in a familiar silence, now being broken by Bruce’s frustrated curses.“Yes. Yes.” Bruce insisted. The biologist pinched the bridge of his nose and rubbed at his eyes. “What’s wrong?” Tony asked. Bruce let out a muffled groan and put his glasses back on. “Nothing. It’s just this stupid equation. My brain is fried,” Bruce glanced half heartedly at the large calculator he had previously been peering into whilst also holding the vial. In his frustration, he had picked it up and began using it as a stress ball, squeezing the glass while trying to work out the numbers staring back at him. He was the first person to admit he had terrible lab safety etiquette, okay? “That hard?” Tony asked. The quirk of interest in his voice didn’t escape Bruce, who was now nursing a full on headache. It wasn't often that Bruce showed anything beyond reserved interest and mild enthusiasm when working near Tony. Bruce was a certifiable genius. Everyone knew it. The man had made amazing discoveries and developed advanced theories relating to radiation and a myriad of other things in his field of study over the years. If you asked him for a calculation, he could give you an answer faster than your average person. His picture was hanging up in classrooms next to Einstein and other great contributors to the world. However, it had never really been that much of a thing to him. In highschool he was the nerdy kid who was carrying around science projects and making good grades with minimal effort. But, that was about it. He was the token strangely smart kid. It wasn’t until university, and learning more and having access to more resources, that he ever did anything remarkable to people outside his hometown. So, yes, Bruce was a genius. And, usually, wasn’t complaining about an equation of all things to his fellow scientist. “It’s not hard, its just, ugh.” Bruce was now completely done with this. He knew today would be a more challenging part of this project, but really? Why was there so many small mathematical needs for even the smallest steps? He wished for the umpteenth time that he wasn't working with such unknown variables, so that he could simply ask Jarvis to do all this work for him. “What is it?” Tony was now swiveling his chair over from his place at the holographic screens and directing his full attention at his lab partner. His voice was the one that he barely used. The soft voice he used when he was undeniably comfortable and sincere. None of the intricate sarcasm and layered pop culture references or playful barbs. It took Bruce by surprise, like it usually did. Having Tony’s full, true, attention on him was an experience that
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Genius Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
BAMF Tony Stark
Post-Avengers (2012)
Friendship
Adorable Tony Stark
Team as Family
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
Movie Night
Lab Bromance
Minor Injuries
Tony speaks several languages
Tony can play instruments
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
hints of angst
But mostly fluff
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
but its okay
Underestimated Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
None
