Chapter 1: Prelude
    




Chapter Text
It had started when Tony was working on Bucky’s arm, and Bruce was looking him over on a biological level. The Russians hadn’t been as careful with their version of the super soldier serum as the Americans. Bucky had been exposed to a dangerous amount of gamma radiation. As Bruce checked him, he asked, “Bucky, I see that you’re identified as an omega. But you’ve been in the tower for almost a year and you’ve never gone into heat. Are you on suppressants?”
Bucky shook his head. “No. I’m not infertile or anything I’m just not cycling. It’s been a pretty crazy couple of years so I hadn’t thought about it before now.”
“So they didn’t sterilize you?” Bruce asked, concerned.
“Not that I’m aware of. It’s possible they did and I just don’t remember it but as far as I know I’ve still got all the equipment down there and it still works.”
Tony, who’d miraculously not interrupted until now, said, “JARVIS, do a diagnostic of Barnes would you?”
“Yes sir,” the AI replied. After a quick scan the computer responded. “Agent Barnes is still in possession of his reproductive organs.”
Tony raised an eyebrow and looked at Bruce. “Gamma radiation exposure maybe?”
“It didn’t throw me off my cycles,” Bruce pointed out.
“True.”
“It could just be stress, sometimes that and PTSD can cause a severe impact on the cycle.”
“Well that should be easy enough to fix right?”
Bucky looked at both of them and asked, “Uh, do I get a say in whatever the hell you two are thinking about?”
“Briefly,” Tony replied. “You should never interrupt genius when it’s happening.”
“Ha ha. Look, I appreciate that you guys wanna help me, but I’m fine. I’m not even sure I’d want to have kids at this point.”
“It’s not just about kids,” said Bruce. “Cycling is important to your hormone balance and to your mental health. When the body doesn’t cycle for an extended period of time it can lead to inability to deal with stress and emotional imbalance.”
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Except I’m fine.” Tony and Bruce both gave him skeptical looks. “I am. I’m perfectly fine.” “You punched a hole in my wall last week because we were out of non-dairy creamer,” Tony pointed out.
“And you started crying in the stairwell the week before that because you stepped on a roach,” Bruce added.
“Okay that’s not… All right I admit that’s bad but I’m still pretty stressed out being in hero central all the time. And besides most of the Avengers are alphas! You think I wanna go into heat here? There’d be a fist fight, then an orgy, then another fist fight!”
“And explosions. Don’t forget the explosions.” Tony grinned and gave Bucky a small punch on the arm.
“Yeah, explosions. That’s BAD Tony.”
Tony seemed to think about it, then looked at Bruce. “What about that stuff you use?”
Bruce frowned. “What?”
“Yeah! You’ve got that compound that simulates a heat but doesn’t actually do one!”
“Why the hell would you have something like that?” Asked Bucky.
“The Hulk is the last person you’d want to see in a rut, that’s why.” Bruce was thinking about it too, and he nodded. “There might be something to that Tony. But we’d have to change the chemical composition to fit Bucky’s physiology.”
“We can do that,” he replied. “Barnes, we need a DNA sample.”
“Does this mean I can spit on you? Because I feel like that’s an opportunity that doesn’t come up often.”
“…Sure, knock yourself out.” 

About a week later, Bruce and Tony were pretty sure they’d come up with a workable chemical formula. But they couldn’t synthesize it into pill form like they had with Bruce, so instead they’d made a liquid version.
“So we’ve done some initial testing on the lab rats and it seems to work on them okay, and now it’s your turn,” Tony said.
“You callin’ me a lab rat?” Bucky asked.
“Hey, if the cheese fits.”
“That’s lame Tony.”
“It’s brilliant and you’re too jealous to admit it,” Tony replied, holding up a vial. “So you wanna swallow this or should we inject it?”
Bruce gave Tony a look. “This is for injection only.”
“I’ll give you 20 bucks if you drink it.”
“Tony…”
“C’mon it’ll be fun!”
“No thanks,” Bucky said. “I’m going to listen to the actual scientist instead of the 12 year old who for some reason has three Ph. D’s.”
“Seven,” Tony replied, rolling his eyes.
Bruce tied off Bucky’s arm and said, “I’m going to start you off at a low dose, you should feel a bit warm and antsy at first but then you’ll mellow.”
“All right. Just… Make it fast okay?” Bucky closed his eyes. He hated needles.
“Okay on the count of three. One, two…” And Bruce injected him.
“OW!”
“Three.”
“You fucking liar!”
“You might have flinched.” Bruce reasoned.
Bucky waited. He wasn’t sure what was going to happen but if it would help him calm the hell down so he wasn’t a tornado of extreme emotions… He could live with it.
But nothing happened. He looked at Bruce and Tony and asked, “So… Nothing?”
Tony frowned. “JARVIS, scan him.”
It took longer than usual, but JARVIS said, “The formula appears to have no effect, sir.”
“Son of a bitc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Thor
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Bucky Barnes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dubious Consent
Anal Sex
Hand Jobs
Oral Sex
Implied Mpreg
The author once again regrets everything
and has no idea what she's doing
slightly AU
Draws heavily from movies
somewhat from comics
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
implied breathplay

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson

