Chapter 1: One: Awaken
    




Chapter Text




”The man on the bridge, who was he?” you ask, rubbing your good hand across your face.  “I knew him.”

“No one important,” the Master says, and you frown at his blatant lie.  You’ve been awake awhile now, and while he may think he has an honest face, he forgets how attentive to detail you are.  You glance around at the others in the room – fourteen of them clad in full artillery gear, and two physicians – and estimate your chances of survival at less than zero percent if you argue with him further.  So instead of asking any other questions, you sit in silence, allowing the low hum of the machinery around you to soothe your anxiety.

Which is, of course, when he backhands you like you’re nothing more than an animal.  “I told you to report!” he barks, and you flinch.  The words tumble from your mouth, and when you finish you wait for him to either hit you again or to push you to your knees and make you pay for your insolence in other ways.  

The Master stares at you and you shudder, ducking your eyes down in a clear sign of subservience.  After long moments, he reaches out to you, tucks a strand of hair behind your ear.  “You should be so proud of yourself,” he tells you, and cups your chin in his hand.  “You do your work great justice and it’ll lead all people to enjoy a longstanding peace.”

You do not believe him, but you say nothing. He pets you – for there’s no other word for it – awhile longer, stroking your hair, and you bite your bottom lip instead of biting off his fingers in disgust. When he finishes, he says to the physicians, “Wipe him.  Blank slate.”

You open your mouth and bite down on the mouth guard, because you know you’ve no other choice, and you wait for the fire in your brain to begin.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-CA2
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Fluff and Angst
Angst and Feels
Healing
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Amnesia
Dominance
Obedience
Light BDSM
BDSM
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape Recovery
Minor Character Death

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

