Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Aunt Tasha! Aunt Tasha! Draco’s mum said he could visit us once we were back in Scotland!” Harry all but shouted, racing into the common room. Though they’d been planning on going back early in order to pick up Harry’s school supplies, they hadn’t told him how early yet, and this was obviously about to affect that decision.“Is that what she said?” Natasha asked, offering her hand for the letter, and Harry nodded excitedly, offering the letter up. She scanned it over and indeed, that was what Draco had written. If Natasha had learned anything about Draco this past year, it was that he never lied about what his mother may or may not had said, and it was amusing as it was sweet. The boy clearly adored his mother. “Alright then. Well, Clint and I were going to take you back a few weeks early anyways. Let’s make it July, and then we’ll have time to visit the burrow as well.” she offered, naming where Ron  and his family lived. Harry shrugged, expression dropping slightly. Draco had been the only person who’d written to him - though that didn’t mean he hadn’t heard from Hermione. She’d gotten very upset that he hadn’t answered her letters and rang him by phone. Harry had insisted that he hadn’t even received Hermione’s letters and she’d decided to look into ways letters could get lost when travelling across oceans. Turns out there were more ways than either of them had expected. He’d thought Ron would write him as well but he hadn’t heard a word. Natasha just tugged Harry closer, pressing a kiss to his temple.“Why don’t you give Hermione a call? See if she wants to do a play date when we arrive.” Harry rolled his eyes, but nodded happily.“It isn’t called a play date anymore, aunt Tasha. We just hang out. We’re too old for playdates.” and Natasha smiled, though something in her ached that her little boy was growing up so fast.“Of course, sorry. Call Hermione and then let your uncle Tony know that we’re leaving early. He and Bruce were supposed to meet us closer to September but they may change their mind now.” Harry nodded, hurrying off, Draco’s letter in hand. Natasha’s smile fell then, as she thought about Steve and Sam who hadn’t been around in weeks, chasing any and all leads around the world to try and find the Winter Soldier. James. She remembered him - bits and pieces - not enough to form a clear picture, but the absolute terror that had always slid through her at the thought of the Winter Soldier had faded to make way for affection. She couldn’t help but wonder just what those feelings meant. She’d read his file - knew he’d been in Russia, and at the right time to have helped trained the Red Room girls. She wondered if she was one of them - if that was one of the few times she too had broken free of her training before her final, daring escape. All she knew was that while she was afraid of the Winter Solder, while his name almost paralyzed her - the name James gave her a whole different set of feelings she wasn’t completely comfortable with. Shaking her head, she rose.“Jarvis, have we heard from Steve yet?”“Not yet, agent Romanov. Would you like me to try and contact him for you?”“Yes. Let him know we’re leaving early and if he wants to see Harry off before he goes back to school then to meet us in Scotland.”“Right away agent Romanov.”“Oh and Jarvis?”“Yes?”“Pass the message along to Sam too.”“Of course.” Harry couldn’t wait to go back to Scotland. Even when they were on uncle Tony’s jet and flying across the ocean, he was restless with excitement.“Hermione said I’m to give her a ring as soon as we’ve landed. She hasn’t been to Diagon Alley this summer yet either and she thought it would be far more fun to go together.”“Sounds like a plan, Harry.” and Harry just beamed at her before dropping two cards onto the pile between him and his uncle Clint.“Pick up 7, uncle Clint.” and the archer in question huffed out a breath but did just that.“Hey, if you’re getting to hang out with Draco this summer, think that means you’ll get that flying lesson?”“He said he would - though he doesn’t know if he’ll be allowed to bring the brooms to our house. He was going to invite he round but he’s a bit nervous about it.” Natasha nodded in agreement, she’d gotten that vibe too. It would seem while Draco’s mother commanded his love and respect, his father cast more of a fearful shadow, and Draco was far warier of doing what his father didn’t immediately approve.“Ah well. I mean, we could always just get you your own broom. Then he would only have to worry about his own.” and Harry rolled his eyes.“You can’t just buy me a broom. Their expensive. and what if I’m terrible at it?”“Then we give it away to someone who isn’t.” Harry just huffed out a breath, shuffling the cards in his hands around before dropping an 8 of spades down.“You may change your mind when you see just how much brooms cost these days. Change it to diamonds.” and Clint grumbled unhappily, shuffling his own cards around. Natasha watched
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Hogwarts Second Year
Protective Natasha Romanov
Protective Clint Barton
Deaf Clint Barton
raising a wizard
Harry is 12
Natasha is Harry’s bio aunt
Background Relationships
Protective Weasleys
still not a big fan of ron
Chamber of Secrets
Thor is the biggest flirt whenever he shows up
Avengers Family
Team as Family
Narcissa doesn't put up with anyones shit when it puts Draco at risk
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
