Work Text:
“You could’ve told me you were coming.”
 
“Oh, don’t pretend you didn’t already know,” Tony says, juggling the cups around in his arms to stash his keys in his back pocket.
Stephen gives him a look from the top of the staircase, but starts to descend anyways, “Like I have the mental capacity to watch you all day.”
“See? This is what I’m talking about,” Tony points. “First I save half the universe, which uh, last I remember includes you, Chris Angel – and then I summon all the kindness in my big black heart to buy you coffee, and this is how you treat me? Appalled.”
“You waited six minutes in a Coffee Bean for me? What is that in U.S. Dollars?”
“Are you asking how much my time is worth? – Because last time I did the math, adjusted for inflation and counted stock –“
Stephen outstretches his hand, and Tony braces himself, half prepared for the coffee to go magically flying out of his hand, but Strange just takes it from him and smiles, kind of exasperated and genuine, “Thanks, Tony.”
He isn’t sure how to feel about the whole ancient Smithsonian look Strange has going on here, but last it was explained to him, these sanctums are pretty important. It could use a little more natural lighting, and a little less dust – but hell, what does Tony know about interior design? (A lot).
Stephen is wearing normal civilian clothes, which makes it a little less awkward when he says, “Come, we can talk upstairs,” like he already knows what Tony is here for.
Tony is not intimidated by a wizard. He’s just...unsettled, still, by the concept of Harry Potter spells and – and – magical floating cloaks. It hovers by to pat his cheek, and Tony summons all his energy to keep a neutral face.
He gets suck on a display of a hovering dinnerplate, spinning and rolling around in mid air. Tony pauses, and waves his free hand beneath the plate; strings, invisible wires, magnetic suspension, maybe?  
“Don’t touch that,” Stephen says, without looking. “It will suck all the blood out of your body and summon a sylph out of your entrails.”
Tony yanks his hand back way too fast. He holds it to his chest with aghast, “Usually shit like that has a warning label, Strange!”
“We don’t get many visitors,” Stephen smiles, and leads them to a set of chairs next to an expansive library. Tony stares at the seat for a moment, and Stephen sits first, “It’s just a chair.”
“I knew that,” Tony snaps. He takes a sip of his own coffee to do something with his hands, and it’s a little cold. He tries not to grimace.
But Strange gives a short nod, and suddenly its warm under his palms. Tony jerks a little, mumbling woah, and Stephen looks a little too self-satisfied for Tony’s liking.
“So,” he says. “How can I help you?”
“Well…this normally isn’t my – job,” Tony says, waving around his hand. “The whole – house visit thing.”
“Drew the short straw, did you?”
“More or less.” Tony sighs. He looks around the library; books sort themselves, others giving off low vibrating hums behind chains. Stephen’s cloak floats off by the window, and it makes the hairs on the back of Tony’s neck stand on end. He remembers it ripping, remembers ash and the smell of death. Stephen lifts the coffee to his lips, and Tony watches, stuck on the sight of his hands. Long running scars, dots and dashes like Morse code.
He knows he shouldn’t say it. Every last cognitive filter in his brain cries nooooo- but Tony still says, “Eleven pins, huh?”
To Stephen’s credit, he hardly flinches.  “Did your research I see.”  
“Like I needed to. World renowned Doctor Stephen Strange – they said you could put the human body back together bone by bone.”
Stephen shrugs one shoulder, and sets his cup aside, letting it hover, “So I was.”
Tony sputters, “I just don’t – I don’t get how. A man of complete science, MDs on PHDs man – you were an atheist on every level.”
“Still am.”
“So how did you ever switch to – magic relics?”
“Well, you hit the nail on the head.” Stephen reaches out again, grasping his cup with a slight tremor. “Eleven hours on the table, eleven stainless steel pins.” Tony goes silent, and lets him take a drink, before continuing, “You’d be surprised at what you’ll believe in when you have nothing left.”
Tony knows a thing or two about that. A lot, about that. Enough, that he no longer feels unease when the cup bobs between them again, (and suspiciously, he’s pretty sure it now smells of tea instead).
“I was like you,” Stephen says, smiling in a suave, comfortable way that almost catches Tony off guard. “Prideful and stubborn.”
Tony scoffs, and opens his mouth to snap back, but Strange is looking at him different, with a glow in his eye that wasn’t there a moment ago. Tony scoots back in the chair. He sits up and holds his cup in his hands like a normal person.
He’s not sure what changed. So much happened on Titan – but Strange is significantly less dickish since their return. Well, Tony did kind of save his life. Three days, Jesus style.
He asks, “So why not wish away all your problems?”
St
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Getting Together

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

