Chapter 1





Chapter Text
T’Challa and his father were going to a party at the stark Manor. When they arrived they saw that there was far more people then they had realized would be there. The manor was filled with the rich and famous. “Father do we have to be here? It’s far too crowded” T’Challa said looking at all the people around them. Many of them looked to be drunk and smoking. “King T’Chaka it is a pleasure to see you again” Howard Stark said walking up to the two. On his arm was his wife with a soft smile on her face. SHe however didn’t say anything much other than a polite greeting.“Mr.Stark have you met my son? T’Challa” T’Chaka said waving his hand at the young man next to him. They were both forcing a smile. Howard Stark was someone that they didn’t quite trust or get along with.“Hello Prince T’Challa. My son should be around here somewhere. Do you want me to fetch him so that you will not be alone?” Howard asked with a smile that reminded T’Challa of a snake that was readying to strike.“There are far too many people at this party Mr.Stark. I would feel better if T’Challa stayed by my side tonight. Besides He would learn more at my side” T’Chaka said. T’Challa sent a glance of thanks to his father. Besed of how the older Stark acted he didn’t want to think of how the younger would.“Very well” Howards smile faltered for a moment. Just at that moment a young boy walked up to the group. T’Challa looked at the boy and saw how beautiful he was. The dark brown hair being a great contrast with the amber eyes and bronze skin.“So how has your kingdom been over these last few years?” Howard asked hoping to gain insight into the vibranium. “It has been well. Many improvements to little things has made things better for my people” T’Chaka never wanted to tell too much to people he knew would take advantage of the information.“Excuse me father. Mr.Anderson and Mr.Stane are looking for you” The boy said. “Ah I see. Well since you're here why don’t you introduce yourself to King T’Chaka and Prince T’Challa” Howard said as he slipped away from the group. Maria Stark soon disappeared as well.“Good Evening your Majesty” The boy said bowing a bit before looking around a bit.“I would like warn you to be careful my father has a temper and connections” the boy whispered just loud enough for the two to hear him over the nosie. T’Chaka smiled at the warning, the young boy seemed to have a good heart. Before they got to say thank you a voice bombed over the crowd.“ANTHONY!!” They heard howard bellow from another room. The boy running off to his father. The two now almost left alone with only the Dora Milaje to protect them and help them we've through the crowd. Soon finding a door to the back garden. Thankful for the fresh air and personal space they walk through the garden. They spoke of how parties was apart of dealing with american. They were walking to what looked like a sitting area with a pond. They heard someone yelling as they moved further back in the garden.“Anthony how many times have I told you that you are not to have these...these toys” They heard howard said. Taking a peek through the bushes to see what would make a father so mad about his son having. It was a stuffed bear that looked to be worn a bit.“I’m sorry” Tony said not lifting his head.“When the party is done I want you to burn this useless thing. Do you understand me?” Howard asked.“Yes sir” Tony said not moving a inch. T’Chaka was going to pretend to just ‘happened’ upon them when Howard raised his hand and smacked Tony. Shocked by Howards hitting his son stopped T’Chaka in his tracks. Howard was a horred man but T’Chaka didn’t think he would raise his hand to a child. “Do not look away from my eyes Anthony. You are a Stark and Starks are made of Iron. So you will not be a baby about toys that you are too old for” Howard said storming away after discarding the Bear on the floor. T’Chaka regaining composure soon after Howard disappeared behind a door. As soon as Howard left Tony grabbed the bear from the floor.“I’m sorry my friend I didn’t hide you well enough” Tony said hugging the bear for what seemed like a goodbye. T’Chaka and T’Challa had seen enough and showed themselves From the bushes a bit too fast. The movement made Tony jump a bit and spin to see the two“Oh hello. Father was just teaching me to be better. Please go and enjoy the party.” Tony said bowing a bit at the two.“Come here” T’Chaka said nealling on the ground. Tony walked over to him with hands down by his sides. The bear was hanging loosely in his right hand.“Does he hit you oftan?” T’Chaka asked looking at the cheek that had been hit.“I’m sorry sir” Tony said dropping the bear.“You’re a good boy. Don’t worry but I would like you to come with us to find your mother” T’Chaka said. He was going to tell her what was happening.“Why?” Tony said looking into T’Chakas eyes.“We will tell her what happened here” T’Chaka said giving a soft smile. “Oh… Mama won't answer you. She hasn’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Shuri & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
T'Chaka's actual A+ Parenting
Young T'Challa
young Tony
T'Challa is adorable
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Protective T'Chaka
Female Tony Stark
Abuse
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Hydra (Marvel)
Howard Stark's Good Parenting
Gender Dysphoria
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
T'Challa (Marvel) Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Shuri & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

