Work Text:
With knowledge of Thanos’s children incoming and the threat of war looming on the horizon, Stephen Strange admits reluctantly that the Rogue Avengers would likely be needed. Granted, the Defenders do good work, and Iron Man was well-known before but now he and Spider-Man are becoming somewhat iconic in their continued rescue of various sections of New York. Even with himself and Wong on the roster, and the occasional helping hand from whatever units of SHIELD were still functioning, they were shorthanded. New York herself is a big place for a handful of people to defend, and what is coming will attack them on a global scale.Stephen must be practical, even if he finds it distasteful in this instance.Still, the fact remains, they are only so many… They are only so many and the Rogue Avengers would at least add five or so experienced fighters to the roster, assuming Strange can clear the Witch for field action and still stay true to his own conscience. Considering what he’d seen of the team between the new, the Civil War fall out, and his own glimpses into the future, Stephen wasn’t exactly thrilled at the prospect. Still, the majority of them had experience fighting alien hoards, and that wasn’t exactly easy to come by. Such a thing would be precious, in the coming days.Since things were most likely to go badly in New York, if largely because of the Sanctum and Strange himself, then New York was the best place to gather them. Wong had agreed, saying he himself would guard Hong Kong but could spare practitioners if Stephen needed the spare hands for the meeting or when the fighting actually began. After some thought, Stephen had declined for the initial meeting. The fewer variables he had to deal with at the start, the better they all would be.Instead, he recruited local talent to help him select a building to rent so that the meeting itself could at least occur in neutral territory. Iron Man Tony Stark was an expert in the Rogues and their triggers and had been all too happy to suggest an appropriate public hall that they could rent out for the meeting. Tony would be in attendance, as would Spider-Man and Stephen himself. Though he had extended an invitation to the Defenders throughout New York, the Sorcerer did not anticipate any of them would appear. Likely neither would any of the former agents of SHIELD, aside from those already part of the Avengers Roster, past or present. All that was missing were the Rogues, and whomever else Tony might invite.With a sigh Stephen notes the time and reaches for the Cloak of Levitation, spinning an orange golden ring of light into a portal to the meeting room. When he steps through, there’s already a table laden with coffee and snacks, donuts and bagels and assorted fruit. Clearly, Tony’s been at work. Chairs and tables are clustered around the room but Stephen disregards them, planting himself in an empty patch of the floor away from the door and refreshment filled tables.He can hear several pairs of feet moving down the hallway, and he’s almost certain he was about to meet the Rogue Avengers.Yes, Stephen currently abhors practicality. 

*
Steve is fairly certain that the worst thing about the Civil War is the reunion, which has been a long time coming but still fraught with tension and awkward friction without having even begun. Two years, two years spent abroad, predominantly in Wakanda, and Steve should just be glad to be back home. To be back in New York, at the Compound, with the Avengers.At least he could visit Bucky, in his time away. At least he had Sam, Wanda, and Natasha. They kept in touch with Scott, visited with Vision on occasion, sometimes they heard from Clint.Today should be a celebration, should be them getting Rhodey and Bruce back. Today should be them cautiously welcoming Tony back into the fold, with some stipulations of course, and Wanda happily reuniting with Vision. Clint had actually turned up for the meeting, though he’d been tight-lipped and aggravated for most of the flight, and Tasha had advised Steve to just let it be for now. He’d share, in his own time, because they were a team… they were family.But they’re not meeting at the Compound, they’re meeting at a rented building. A neutral place. It had been decided this was best, without the input of Steve or his team. It wasn't Tony who brought them home, wasn't Tony who called them home. It had been the actions of someone Bruce was referring to as a Sorcerer. It had been Bruce who had actually called, on Tony's phone, hissing about a threat bigger than whatever petty argument Steve and Tony might have had.Bruce who told Steve that he had to get over his issues, get the team, and meet them in New York. Bruce who gave him a random address, assured them that the Sorcerer would explain it all, and then hung up. When they arrive at the building they’re greeted by no one, just follow Bruce’s previously vague directions until they find a conference room that’s not in use. Of course, the r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Team as Family
Minor Character(s)
Tony Stark-centric
Parent Tony Stark
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Infinity War AU
Snark
Flirting
Team Cap Critical
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
I'm Sorry
The Cloak Loves Tony
Not Beta Read
POV is A Little Everywhere
No Real Infinity War Spoilers
Iron Spider Suit
Parental IronMagic

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

