Chapter 1: This is the way the world ends
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The trip to Washington DC was supposed to be an educational stress relief and an attempt to “connect with state officials and American history while learning about the democratic process.” Or at least that’s what the promotional email had promised. With just a few weeks left until finals, May had suggested the trip for Peter as a good escape from the rigors of school and his “internship.” At first, he had been adamantly against the idea. The one and only time he had been to the capitol city, he had kind of broken a very important and historical landmark to save his friends from a danger he had inadvertently exposed them to. This argument hadn’t impressed May in the slightest. 
“Honey, you can’t keep pushing aside your life for your after-school activities,” she had firmly told him over Mexican leftovers one night. “I think you should go to DC. It would be good for you. I don’t want you to regret any lost opportunities to be a normal teenager for once.”
And that was that. After everything that they had been through together over the past two years, Peter couldn’t say no to the woman who just wanted what was best for him. And you know what? His aunt might be right about taking time to enjoy his friends without the responsibilities of being a superhero. So that was how he found himself, just a few short weeks later, on the school bus to the heart of America. 
Washington DC in the early summer was hotter than Peter expected. The sun glared down on their small party as they tramped across the National Mall. Sweat crawled down the teen’s neck in the humid haze of the mid-morning and soaked into his collar. His skin tingled and something insistently niggled at the back of his mind. He wasn’t entirely sure if this was a weird sense of foreboding, the fear of another Washington monument incident, or simply lack of hydration. He tugged at his uncomfortably moist T-shirt at the thought and looked back at the obelisk rising into the sky. The monument was still covered in scaffolding as crews worked to fix the structure he had inadvertently broken not even a year before.
“You saved our lives there,” Ned whispered in his ear, “how cool is that?!”
Peter jumped and glared at his best friend, “Ned! Not in public!”
Ned just shrugged and shaded his eyes to peer up at the monument. The boy turned in a large circle, taking in the Smithsonian Castle, the illuminated overhangs of the Native American Museum, the Capitol dome, the spire of the old post office, and finally the various Smithsonian museums lining the grassy Mall. 
“This is so cool!” he enthused as he spun around again, faster this time. “Do you think we can go see the dinosaurs in the Natural History Museum? Ooh, ooh, or maybe the Air and Space museum! Or, or, how about the African American museum, I heard that was supposed to be pretty good.”
Peter laughed at his friend’s excitement, turning in circles with him to take in the DC skyline. His stomach rumbled abruptly, and he turned his attention to the sundry of food trucks lining the streets, “I vote we start there.”
“Come on losers,” MJ appeared behind Ned almost silently, “Ms. Andrews says there’s a Hard Rock Cafe near Ford’s Theater, we’re stopping there for lunch.”
Peter’s stomach rumbled again at the mention of food and MJ arched an over-expressive eyebrow at the noise. She pushed past Ned and bumped a not unfriendly shoulder into Peter as she went. Her arms securely cradled a copy of Howard Zinn’s A People’s History of the United States. A bookmark sticking out of the top showed that she was almost two-thirds of the way through. 
“Do you have any idea how she does it?” Ned asked.
Peter cocked his head to the side, “does what?”
“All that reading outside of class work.” Ned huffed a bit as they nearly jogged to catch up with their group. He paused to wipe sweat from his brow, “it’s unnatural.”
Several yards ahead of them, Michelle turned to glare out of the corner of one eye, her middle finger stroking the spine of her book before she turned back to her teacher with a stomp of her combat boots. 
“Shit, dude. I think she heard you .” Peter laughed at MJ’s calculating side-eye. 
The two best friends filed into the back of the group just as Ms. Andrews called for everyone to move towards the escalators disappearing into the underground Smithsonian Metro station. Ned and Peter jockeyed for position for several seconds at the top of the moving stairs, before the larger boy pushed himself forward and onto the steps first. Peter tried to step on behind him when a briefcase connected with the back of his knees as a man in a suit pushed past him to hurry onto the escalator. Without so much as an apology or ‘excuse me’, the man charged down the left side of the stairs, roughly shoving aside students and tourists with a well aimed elbow as he went. 
“How rude,” Peter’s voice was high pitched
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Blood and Injury
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Worried Tony Stark
Peter should really listen to his spidey senses
May wishes she could wrap her nephew in bubble wrap
Hurt Peter
Sick Peter
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
background Tony/Pepper
Awesome May Parker (Spider-Man)
Panic Attacks
Bombing
Terrorism
Injury Recovery
Tony just wants him to survive through highschool
the author is not a doctor
but is trying
The Author Regrets Nothing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

