Chapter 1: With You
    




Chapter Text
The asset had a mission. Capture Tony Stark and transfer him to the closest Hydra facility alive. Injury to target acceptable but not encouraged. The asset understood what that meant: anything more than a light bruise would be punished.
It was a long standing mission. Hydra knew patience, was willing to wait years for their opportunity to come. Other operatives before the Winter Soldier had been sent, all of them for unsuccessful seduction-- apparently the target was not as undiscriminating as Hydra originally thought. Thus, the asset. The Winter Soldier. B… he knew his name started with a ‘b’. He didn’t know what he thought about this, this sense of self he was gaining quicker after every wipe. He referred to himself as the asset when asked-- ‘B’ in his mind-- and kept his mouth shut about what the handlers would classify as a malfunction that required recalibration.
Tony Stark might help him. Then again, Tony Stark had been in Hydra’s eye since he was a child. They would not give up on neither him, nor the Winter Soldier so easily. Allies would be necessary, and B had none. Tony Stark would, but he wasn’t certain that that help would be given to him.
When he was deployed for the mission-- solo, intercept in Afghanistan while en route from a weapons demonstration to the US base-- he hadn’t decided what he was going to do yet.
In the distance, he heard an explosion and gunfire. His instinct was to run towards the sound, but over this flat of land, sound carried. With his enhanced hearing added on top of that, he wouldn’t make it before the fight was over, even if he was running as fast as he could.
He paused, staring down the length of road Tony Stark was meant to come from. If there was a disturbance, he would change routes. Delay. Maybe his convoy had left early and the attack was on them. B found it unlikely-- military schedules, after all-- but he needed to double back, regardless.
He found wreckage, and surveyed the scene. Planned, but that wasn’t a surprise. It was…  too  planned. The hummer at the front of the convoy had been blown apart, and the last one had received a similar fate. The middle ones however, had been left suspiciously clean. Oh, there were bodies and countless bullet holes, but B didn’t believe they ran out of missiles.
When transporting a person of interest, you put them in the middle of a convoy, it’s the safest position for them. Standard procedure. Hydra had done their research for this mission, and the only person who was here that wasn’t usually, was Tony Stark.
B readjusted the plan for a search, and started.

B was beginning to hate this landscape. Revision: he had begun hating this place two and a half months ago; he had long since reached hatred, it wasn’t  beginning. Sand was getting into his arm, the wind made it impossible to clean, the days were too hot and the nights were too cold. His left side was an amalgamation of pain and malfunction.
He was beginning to hate Tony Stark-- possibly useful or not-- for being so hard to find. Of all the terrorist cells to be captured by, it just had to be the one that was the best at avoiding detection.
Hydra had extracted him a month in, but after a mild debriefing, had sent him back in without any sort of maintenance or new instructions. They barely bothered punishing him, more focused on him being out there searching for the target.
And when he finally found Tony Stark, he didn’t even  find  him. He fell from the sky and at B’s feet. Literally.
He pulled up short, staring in disbelief at the man wearing bits of metal around him like a suit.
“Hello there,” Tony fucking Stark said mildly, his voice scratchy either from disuse or dehydration. “Mind giving me a hand?” B guessed it was dehydration. Disuse didn’t seem like his style, no matter how much he already wished it was.
In any other situation, B would have shot him. He didn’t for two reasons. 1. He had orders to bring him in alive and unharmed. 2. It couldn’t be a joke about his prosthetic arm because it was covered. He humored himself for a moment though, pretending like he could. B reached a hand down, fisted it in the middle of Tony Stark’s tank top, and yanked him up.
With a comical bounce, he was standing now, leaning involuntarily into B for support-- and also because B still had his hand in the other man’s shirt.
“I have been looking for you,” he growled, “for three months in this miserable place, and I didn’t even find you.” Who knew how much longer it would have taken him to find the target? Another three months? He scowled.
Tony Stark held his hands up. “Sorry Tall-Dark-And-Handsome, I promise I wasn’t trying to hide.”
“Hmph. C’mon,” he said, and-- without waiting for a response-- he grabbed his wrist and dragged him along. When Tony Stark stumbled, he paused, got a water packet from his bag, shoved it in the target’s free hand, and started pulling him on again. “Drink it,” he ordered.
“Need both hands for that.”
B stopped and l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Not Canon Compliant
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Iron Man 1
First Time
Explicit Sexual Content
Mates
Mpreg
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnant Sex
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

