Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

July 24th, 2017
 
They look good together, Natasha Romanov and Steve Rogers. She’s in a pantsuit type thing, the blouse silky and soft. It gives her an air of almost innocence. He’s dressed the way he’s always dressed- khakis and a dark blue polo, matching watch shining on one wrist. They sit together on the low, curving sectional, almost relaxed. They look like they are together, despite them both being alphas.

The sectional curves all the way around in a deep U shape. Behind them, a few artfully placed plants make the blank space appear filled. They take up space around the the phrase 

The Bugle Beat

. The interviewer is a blonde. She has a small notepad that she writes on strikingly little for the amount of questions she asks. She has a pen in one hand that she more uses to gesture than to take notes.

“A lot of people- and this isn’t my opinion, per say, but it is a popular one- but a lot of people think you have something to do with Mr. Stark’s disappearance,” the blonde says. Steve gives a thin smile that communicates anything but happiness.

“We don’t have anything to do with Tony’s disappearance. If we did, we wouldn’t be back here.” Blondie tilts her head to one side, almost coy. 

“All that your presence requires is for him to be gone. Any set of circumstances could make that happen,” she says.

 Including you making him disappear

, is what she doesn’t say.

“We’ve had our fights and our differences,” Steve says with another one of those smiles, “but none of us would kidnap him just so we could come home.” and maybe that choice of word is a bad idea.

“Some people would do anything to get back home,” Blondie says. “Besides, Mr. Rogers, it’s already been shown that you have no problem lying to Mr. Stark. People who have worked with you all say that you also have no problem making his home unsafe.” 

“I am not sure which people you are referring to, but that isn’t the case,” Steve says. Natasha is wondering if Blondie (Christine Everhart; longtime anti-Starker) is still against her long-time enemy.

“I am referring to the video feed from Mr. Stark’s lab in which he was picked up by his neck and you, as team leader, did absolutely nothing to address that.”

“That was in the heat of the moment, and it wasn’t something that was repeated.”

“But was it ever addressed?” Everhart asks. Her eyebrow cocks a bit when Steve hesitates.

“No, it got lost in translation, since we were in the middle of dealing with Stark’s man made apocalypse.”

“Mr. Stark was cleared by three different independent agencies; he and Doctor Banner did not create Ultron,” Everhart says.

“We didn’t know that at the time.” Natasha responds. 

“So every single person in that room jumped to conclusions that resulted in your teammate being lifted off the ground by his neck by a man he cannot physically defend himself against and no one addressed that,” Everhart says. It sounds like a guilty verdict. 

“It wasn’t like that,” Steve begins, but he isn’t prepared for Christine Everhart. He isn’t prepared for ANY media person. This is a whole other world, where everyone speaks a language he can’t quite grasp. This was always Tony’s area.

“What was it like? By your own admission no one addressed Mr. Odinson’s actions, and by Miss Romanoff’s admission, it was done at a time when no one had all the information,” Everhart says, and god, she’s on a warpath. 

“It was emotional,” Natasha butts in again before Steve can say something stupid about Tony 

always

 making mistakes and being reckless. “And it was wrong. Ultron aside, we still didn’t have anything to do with Mr. Stark’s disappearance.” And there’s the Natasha that the team knows; controlling the conversation like a pro.

“But you understand, though, why a lot of people would think that.”

“Yes, but this team has learned the hard way where assumptions get us, and we won’t be addressing them without the full story again.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner
Tony Stark/OMC
Tony Stark/OFC
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (friendship)
Tony Stark/James "Rhodey" Rhodes (friendship)
Loki/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner/Stephen Strange/Loki
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Pepper Potts/OFC
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Non-Consensual Pairings
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (one-sided)
OMC/OFC
OFC/OFC

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Packs
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF Tony Stark
Vision - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Omega Tony
Omega Bucky - Freeform
Alpha Steve
Alpha Natasha
Alpha Thor
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner
Tony Stark/OMC
Tony Stark/OFC
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (friendship)
Tony Stark/James "Rhodey" Rhodes (friendship)
Loki/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark/Bruce Banner/Stephen Strange/Loki
Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes
Pepper Potts/OFC
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Non-Consensual Pairings
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (one-sided)
OMC/OFC
OFC/OFC

