Work Text:

Scott Lang was… very confused.

A few months ago when the Rogue Avengers had been pardoned and all charges dropped, they had quickly come back to the States. While the other Avengers moved back into the compound, Scott had gone back to San Francisco for a few months to spend some time with Cassie, Hope, Hank, and the rest of his family. After spending some time with them, he came to the compound to meet the full and complete Avengers team and start training with everyone.

Now after being with the team for a month or two, Scott was a little confused. He was surprised to learn the spider-kid from Germany was on the team, and he had been surprised to learn just how young Spider-Man was. However, the thing that was confusing him the most about the kid was his relationship with Stark.

Originally he had thought Spider-Man was just a kid Iron Man had taken under his wing to guide occasionally, but was mostly left to his own devices. He was very surprised to learn that the kid, Peter Parker, actually lived at the compound. Not all the time, but he’d come and stay for a couple weeks at a time. And he seemed to do regular teenager stuff on top of being Spider-Man. He’d do his homework, he’d have his friend come over, he’d participate in team bonding night, and he seemed to have a special relationship with all the Avengers.

One Avenger, however, he seemed to have a very

 particular 

relationship with.

Peter went to Tony Stark for 

everything. 

Not even just Avengers related stuff - when he had a problem at school or with a friend, he went to Stark. When he needed help with school, he’d call Stark. When he was sick, he went to Stark. When he had any kind of question or problem you could imagine, he went to Stark. If he was upset, he went to Stark. He lived in Stark’s quarters, he worked with Stark in his lab, he just always seemed to be wherever Stark was. He was obviously much closer to the man than he was with anyone else.

Now, Scott hadn’t been an Avenger for very long and he’d lived at the compound for even less time than that, but he had always known and heard about about Iron Man and Tony Stark. Stark had been in the news for as long as Scott could remember, and he never remembered hearing anything about Stark having a kid.

But that seemed to be what Peter was - Tony Stark’s son.

However, whenever he asked someone about it, they never seemed to agree.

It had started his first morning at the compound. Scott had been sitting at the breakfast table, a plate of pancakes in front of him. His brows furrowed as he stared at the two men sitting calmly next to each other at the middle of the table. Stark had walked in not too long ago wearing pajamas and a 

bathrobe 

of all things, poured himself a cup of coffee, and wordlessly sat down next to Steve, completely ignoring the other fifteen open seats at the very long dining table.

Steve hadn’t said anything, simply handing Tony the business section of the paper and the bowl of sugar before turning back to his own paper. Stark took the paper and put a pair of glasses on before he began to read. He didn’t say anything when Steve put food on his plate, he just simply started eating it.

It was hard to imagine these were the same two men who had been at each other’s throats not even a year ago. If Scott hadn’t been there he wouldn’t have thought the two had just waged a huge war against each other not too long ago. Yet here they were, seemingly completely comfortable in each other’s presence, even if they weren’t speaking. That was where the confusion began.

But really he would only get more confused through the rest of that day and the coming months.

He had just started digging into his breakfast when the kid flew into the kitchen.

“Hey guys,” Peter said as he walked in, grabbing a bottle of water from the fridge before turning to leave again, “bye guys.”

“Where are you going?”

Peter froze from his spot in the doorway and looked back at Stark. Tony had put his newspaper down and was looking at Peter over his glasses, eyebrow raised.

“Um…” Peter looked down at the backpack he had paused in the act of putting his bottle in, “school?”

“Did you eat?”

“Oh, no. I was going to stop and grab something on the way.”

“What, like Burger King?” Tony scoffed. He kicked the chair across from him out from under the table. “Sit down and eat. If you have time to stop for crap you have time to stop for an 

actual 

breakfast.”

“You eat at Burger King all the time,” Peter argued, though he did put his bag down and go to sit at the table.

“Yes, but I’m an adult who can do whatever I want,” Tony argued back, handing Peter a plate so he could start loading it up. “You are a metabolically enhanced superhuman who is also a growing teenage boy that needs to eat right to stay healthy.”

“Okay, 

dad,” 

Peter said, dutifully eating his food and pulling out his phone to play a game.

Stark rolled his eyes but watched to make sure Peter was eating before going back t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Minor Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Implied Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Freeform
Father-Son Relationship
POV Scott Lang
Scott is very confused
Tony doesn't help
but Steve does
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
yes the title is a maury meme

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

