Work Text:
 
Damn, he could move.
Barnes was like some kind of jungle cat – a predator for sure – a perfect amalgamation of anatomical perfection and raw power encased within a bone structure so solid Vibranium wouldn’t even crack a dent in it. The leather hugged every bulging muscle and undulated with every twitch and exhale of the former assassin as he stepped into the workshop. Casting aside the muzzle he insisted on wearing on missions, Barnes settled himself at the bench, metal arm already slipping into its designated position for maintenance before he cast Tony an apologetic look under a fan of inky lashes.Inwardly Tony gulped before settling into the routine they’d already established. Easily enough, he faked his way through the banter and recon of one of the few missions the Rogues were authorized to take part in.Barnes, for his part, didn’t seem to notice the way Tony lingered somewhat wistfully at the bicep of the prosthetic, and didn’t even flinch when Tony was sitting so close to his back that he was practically plastered to it. Tony could dream, right?Still, Tony practically jumped out of his skin when he felt a hand squeeze his knee; Barnes looking over his shoulder at him; plush lips set in smile as he practically purred, “Thanks, Krasavchik."Tony really wasn’t a shitty person, he didn’t deserve this. Sure, he wasn’t perfect, but he tried not to do shitty things. And wasn’t choosing not to be shitty part of what made you not a shitty person? Or was it still a case of “the road to hell is paved with good intentions”?Either way, the important take away was that Tony was trying, no matter how inadequate anyone else thought his efforts to be.He didn’t deserve to be attracted to the unfairly (god, it was severely unfair) best friend of Captain Douchecanoe.Their history was complicated enough as it was, and though Tony had had not only the closure of punching the shit out of the good old Sarge, and several months of intensive therapy to “get over” his parents’ murder by the same man, it was still twisted – even by Tony’s standards – to want to climb James Buchannan Barnes like a tree. Tony even (forcibly) referred to him only as his last name just to keep the pretense of professional courtesy. Not that it stopped the wonderful daydreams he entertained on an embarrassingly regular basis.With that said, Tony did at least try to do everything he could to avoid the man, at least around the Rogues.Lord knew what kind of shit would fly if they caught Tony unawares – gawking and drooling over the man responsible. Not only because of the “Civil War” nonsense the previous year, but also for Tony’s sexual awakening at twelve when he’d unearthed those pesky Captain America comics and taken a shine to the roguishly boyish Bucky Barnes. That wasn’t even taking into account what Rogers would do if he ever got wind of Tony’s little infatuation.Either way, it didn’t matter that the Rogues, all under house arrest in the renamed Stark Tower until the United States government deemed them safe for consumption, were all talking shit about Tony avoiding them.Please, he internally scoffed, I could look that Hydra Witch in the eye after she sufficiently fucked with my head enough to give me PTSD on steroids and inspire the creation of a murderous android, who are you weakass bitches against that kind of trauma?Barnes, at least, was good at keeping Tony distracted from that.While Barnes seemed understanding towards the last name referral, Barnes himself wasn’t under any impression to treat Tony similarly. Having likely heard of Tony’s previous aversion to using actual names, Barnes called him “Krasavchik" for shits and giggles. As if Tony’s old heart couldn’t be battered anymore, being referred to as “Handsome” by the Russian, and Barnes insisted he was, Prince Charming did not help keep that “professional courtesy” divide up at all.Clearly, Tony could never just have nice things.Hence, his current predicament: Ever since Tony’s return from a meticulously planned press junket that had taken most of the Rogues’ adjustment period to being back in the United States, Barnes had stuck to him like glue.It turned out Barnes wasn’t particularly comfortable around the Rogues – they were all antsy and angry, and not in any way good company for a guy that was working through brainwashing and the accumulated emotional baggage of seventy years as a human version of a wrecking ball. The presence of the Witch too, set him off, and Rogers didn’t help matters either with his insistence on turning Barnes into the Bucky Barnes of Before.Friday, sweetheart that she was, talked her dear old dad up to the Sarge, and Barnes in turn, appointed Tony as his responsibility on account of the trauma of being surrounded by crazy people who didn’t recognize PTSD when it presented itself via murderous androids, and also because, “Ms. Friday’s fond of you, it seemed only right I watch your back.” Which was all well and good, but didn’t give Barnes any damn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Comrade thirst
Bucky being hot af
Tony getting blue screened
russian bucky
Bucky of After
Not Wanda Friendly
Bucky lives in the 'shop
Tony's avoiding the Rogues
Bucky is oblivious?
So Tony thinks

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

