Chapter 1: The intro
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The bell rang, signalling the end of the day. Peter rose from his seat and raced to the door, along with the rest of his class. It was a Thursday, so, although it wasn’t the end of the week, there was only one day after until the weekend. The buzz could be felt among all students. “Before you go, class, I would like to remind you to hand in your permission slips for tomorrow’s field trip!” Mr Harrington called out to the class. Excited chatter resumed as the students exited the classroom, but Peter visibly slumped. Sure, it would be nice to go on a field trip. But to his own home? He froze and groaned. Shit. His Dad was never going to let an opportunity like that pass. Then again, there was the slight chance that he wouldn’t know… But Natasha would. And she would tell him. She would tell everyone. “What’s up, Parker?” Flash mocked as he brushed passed Peter, causing him to stumble. “Just realised that when we go to the Avengers Tower everyone will realise that stupid internship you’re always going on about is fake? C’mon, Parker, it’s been years. Give it up already!” Flash continued to smirk as he walked out of the classroom door. “Is there a problem, Peter?” His teacher asked as he also passed. Peter looked around, realising he was the only one left in the classroom. “No sir, everything’s great!” Not, he thought.***Now, home life is usually mundane. For a child especially. The child would enter the house, parents in the kitchen preparing dinner, perhaps a sibling arriving home from school as well. The child would drop his bag down, and the child would find comfort in the familiarity of the situation, the domesticity of it all. Unless you were Peter Stark and home was the Avengers Tower and your Dads were superheroes and your siblings were all children in adult bodies. And the preparation of dinner entailed a food fight.  Peter didn’t announce his presence, just stood in the doorway as Taco ingredients were thrown across the kitchen. He folded his arms, just taking in the situation.                                                                                                       Bruce was the first to notice Peter in the doorway. He shuffled a bit, wiping mince from his cheek. “Hey, kid.” “Peter’s home!” Clint cried, jumping onto the counter. Nat whacked his shins, causing the archer to fall off said counter and land on a plate. Said plate smashed. Peter narrowed his eyes, surveying all of the culprits, then turned to Tony. “Why did you start throwing food?”
Tony squawked. “Well, excuse you, I did not start this.” “Uh huh,” Peter said, nodding sceptically. “Who provoked you?” Tony caved, then pointed at Bucky. “He smashed by face into the tomatoes.” Bucky grumbled, but didn’t object. “And then I came in!” Clint said, standing up, powdered china from the plate still on his suit. “And then I got avocado to the face,” Natasha hissed. “Heh,” Clint said. “Peter’s boyfriend has got an avocado face!” Bruce rolled his eyes. “You should be nicer to Wade. He’s not that-” “Yeah! Everyone should be nice to me! Big, mean and green said so!” Another voice called, coming from behind Peter. “Sir, it appears Mister Wilson has entered the building.” Jarvis’ slightly mechanical voice came over the speakers. “I take back everything I just said,” Bruce backtracked. “Why do I have a feeling you had something to do with overriding the ‘Deadpool-is-Bad-and-is-Banned-from-the-Tower’ Protocol?” Tony said, turning to Peter, a look of annoyance on his face. “Because I did have something to do with it. Duh.” Peter replied. “You are such a teenager,” Steve said. Wade, in the time that had elapsed since his arrival, had migrated to the centre of the kitchen. He coughed. “Ok, so, a) you were going to eat tacos and you didn’t invite me, and b) you had a food fight and didn’t invite me! No one invites me to anything.” Wade paused. “Well,” he considered, “I’m here now, so…” Wade threw a bowl of diced tomatoes at Clint, and he retaliated by chucking a handful of cheese at the mercenary, but Wade ducked and it ended up hitting Peter. And that just cause a full-fledged food fight… version 2. When all of the food had been destroyed, and everyone was covered in vegetables, meat, cheese and salsa, Wade waved his hands at the group. “Shoo. I’m gonna be really nice, and make us all some of Deadpool’s special Tacos!” “And we can’t stay because…?” Clint trailed off. “Because,” Deadpool sighed as if it were obvious, “Then you’d know my secret ingredient!” “You have a secret ingredient? TELL ME!” Natasha screamed as Steve rolled his eyes and said, “You’re offering to make dinner?” Wade ignored Cap. Peter turned to Natasha, “The secret ingredient is simple really, it’s only-”“BABY-BOY!” Wade screamed, clamping a gloved hand over Peter’s mouth. “No telling my secrets!” He turned to the rest of the Avengers, “Now shoo!” “Your manners astoun
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Stark Tower
lots of fluff
Petty Arguments
They are all so cute
What Have I Done
Bullying
avengers fam
Iron-Dad
Spider-son
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF Avengers
BAMF everyone
BAMF
Established Relationship
Fluff and Angst
Harry Osborn Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

