Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve Rogers was no stranger to sex. He had sex a few times in the army… ok many times… ok orgies happened… and Steve was the center of attention.Thanks to the serum, with that perfect body of his, Steve could go on for hours. That was a secret he and his men were going to take with them to the grave. Steve was never open about his sexual prowess, in the army he mostly did it to keep the men a little stress free... In the beginning. Servicing the men was something Steve grew to love, then to looked forward to it, then to craved it. No one spoke of it outside of the Captain’s tent.Now Steve is living in the 21st century and he’s not sure how people would react to him being so sexual. Captain America, fighting for freedom and justice, the soldier who fought in World War II. The famous man out of time is a 95-year-old fossil, who has an overpowered sex drive.Steve couldn’t help but feel a wash of guilt each time he had these thoughts. He wasn't supposed to be prideful but he couldn't stop himself. He sometimes found himself staring into a mirror, admiring his muscles. Steve was never a prideful person, but he can't deny that his body is perfect.When Steve is alone and he’s in the mood, he slowly strips in front of the mirror. He admires every line and curve, every twitch of his muscles. Over the past few months that he’s lived in Stark Tower he ventured down his sexual path more and more, remembering how amazing stroking himself felt, pinching his nipples, fingering is ass…Steve has seen people admire him. He admitted, it felt great to be loved by the people that he fought so hard to protect. He also had to admit that he took a little pride in that as well and he felt awful for doing so.Today he decided to take the plunge and go onto an Avengers fan forum. He was curious to see what the people thought of him and his fellow comrades. He read women and men alike idolizing him, more than he thought they did. Many posted pictures of him from newscasts, interviews, and random candid’s.  Steve blushed red when he found that his fans had an odd fascination with his rear. They practically worshiped it.Steve was shocked when he read this, of course. But in the back of his mind, he knew they were right, and that crushed him to admit it. He felt so ashamed to take pride in something like his own butt but... It's just so damn nice. "Perfect ass of Captain America in that tight suit of his." One caption read above a close-up of Steve's rear. It killed Steve to admit, the fangirls were right. A part of him wondered if they had an operative fangirl at SHIELD to get this information, but it all seemed to be genuine speculation... Which was painfully accurate."Captain America could be reading this RIGHT NOW! Eeeek! X3" one fan wrote. Another fan replied back, "Nah, he probably doesn't know how the Internet works. If anything, it's Tony Stark who looks on the Captain America sub forum. We ALL know he has a thing for Captain Rogers. Hehehe. I'm off to write fanfiction." After that the thread that was supposed to be all about Steve's butt went off topic into a StevexTony thread, then veered back to the original topic, now with the idea of Tony staring and playing with Steve's butt.What he read about himself and Tony completely floored him. He had no idea that fans "shipped" them. Whatever that means. Steve couldn't help himself; his curiosity outweighed the logical part of his brain. He had to see what these fanfictions were. He logged on to a fanfiction site, after a few minutes of searching he found the "Avengers" tag. He bit his lip as he clicked the link. In a flash all the fanfiction popped up. Steve's eyes widened when he saw HOW MANY fanfictions there were of himself and Tony. He expected one hundred or so, there were thousands. "Holy cow..."The soldier scrolled through the fics. After a few minutes of reading titles and summaries one caught his eye. "Steve Rogers's body and cock are so huge and sensitive and he loves it. Of coarse a beautiful specimen like Steve needs a helping hand, right Tony?""This is wrong," Steve said as he clicked the link to read more. He knew he shouldn't but one peek couldn't hurt, right?
“Tonyyy!!” Steve begged, thrusting his hips out. “I’m so hard! Please, Tony. Let me cum!” Tony grabbed Steve’s cock through his pants. He squeezed, making the soldier writhe and groan. “Mmm look at that bulge. You’ve been hiding quite the package, huh soldier?” Tony smiled licking his lips. Steve thrust his crotch into the genius’s palm. God he needed to cum soon!
As Steve read on his heart began to pound faster. He could feel himself growing hard in his own pants. Wait, what!? This wasn’t supposed to happen! Steve tried to tear his eyes away, but he kept on reading. God this is so...Crack!Steve gripped the mouse so hard that it shattered. "Oh no! No no no no!" The soldier cried, pathetically trying to piece the mouse back together."Steve?"He stopped dead. It was Tony. Damnit!!!"H-hey!
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Multiple Orgasms
Bottom Steve
Top Tony
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Shameless Smut
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Deepthroating
Anal Fingering
No Refractory Period
Dirty Talk
Spanking
so much cum
Rimming
Fisting
slutty!Steve
Masturbation
Cock Slut
Anal Sex
Nipple Play
Mirror Sex
more like mirror masturbation
Cum Eating
cumming untouched
talk of cum inflation
Overstimulation
Hand Jobs

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

