Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
You had lost track of how long you had been walking on the side of the road.Your arm was cast out to your side, thumb stuck up. Your other hand was holding tightly to the backpack that held what few possessions you still had. At that point you weren’t sure if you were more exhausted or hungry. It felt like it had been days since you had anything to eat. It had been a sleeve of stale crackers and a bottle of water. The bottle was still in your bag in case you ran across a water fountain. Sometimes you found you missed your former home but you knew you couldn’t go back.Your father had made that all too clear over two months ago. You had managed to couch surf for a few days before deciding you didn’t want to be a burden. That was what had led to you getting on a bus. You found herself in the middle of no where and you had basically no money. You would have loved to stay in some sleazy motel. There were a few scattered along the road but you knew it didn’t matter. No matter how much you longed for a nice warm bed and a shower. Part of you was more than tempted to just drop where you were. When you were asleep, you could ignore the pangs of hunger. You were so out of it you didn’t hear the familiar sound of a vehicle slowing down behind you. The headlights flashed which made your entire body freeze. The arm that you had cast out dropped to your side. The more rational part of you knew you shouldn’t turn around. After all you had seen all those horror stories on the news about what happened to poor, unsuspecting girls like yourself. Yet the desperate part of you seemed to be ruling your brain. You wheeled around to see that it was a semi truck that had come to a stop. That fact alone made your heart hammer away inside of your chest. You slowly walked towards the passenger side and the driver was leaning over to push open the door. You weren’t entirely sure what you were expecting. The moment you were able to get a good look at the driver you had to do a double take. The driver was not a middle aged man with a beer belly that had missing teeth. He looked to be maybe in his twenties, possibly his thirties. His dark brown hair was a bit long and tucked under a plain black baseball cap. He had a rather large frame and seemed to have muscles most men would love to have. One thing you noticed was the prosthetic arm/hand that rested on the large steering wheel. The look on his face was one that was void of any sort of emotion. You weren’t entirely sure what to do. If you should say something or maybe just walk away. Before you even had a chance to make up your mind, he was clearing his throat.“I won’t harm you,” he told you, his tone seeming sincere,” You look too young to be out here on your own.”His words brought you a mere sliver of comfort. You knew that he was most likely your only option. There was nothing else around for miles and his truck was the first you had seen. Even if you were unsure, you hoisted yourself up into the cab. Your bag was thrown at your feet and you yanked the door shut. To your relief the heat was on and the seat was actually comfortable. You reached to pull your seat-belt on. You noticed that he had yet to actually continue driving. He was merely sitting there and seemed to be avoiding looking at you. There was a viable tension but you weren’t sure what to do. After all he had stopped and offered to give you a lift. For some reason you almost felt like he didn’t want you there. That wasn’t exactly making sense but it was just how you felt. You forced yourself to take a breath before looking back over at him.“I can-I can’t pay you or anything, I don’t have any money.” He merely shrugged his shoulders before he was pressing down on the gas pedal. “Don’t worry about it,” he told you, his voice quiet,” There’s some beef jerky in the glove compartment.” Your hand instantly reached out to open the glove compartment. There was a package of beef jerky just like he told you. Eagerly you grabbed it and found yourself ripping it open. You tried to pace yourself but you practically wolfed it down. You tried your best to not actually choke like you could have. “How long have you been out on the road?”You glanced over at him in surprise, swallowing the food in your mouth,” A little over a month or so,” you tell him,” Not sure of the exact day.” “Do you have a name?” There was a small voice in the back of your head that told you not to tell him your name. You didn’t exactly know his and you wanted to keep yourself somewhat protected.
He seemed to realize your silence was going to be your answer. “You can call me Bucky.” Bucky? What sort of name was Bucky? You nodded, going to set the wrapper aside. Your gaze turned to look towards him once more. He was focused on the road and you weren’t entirely sure what else to say. There were probably a million questions that you should have asked. You went to run your h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

freeform: 
Angst
alternative universe
Family Drama
Abuse
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Rough Sex
Spanking
Threesome - F/M/M
Polyamory
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Insomnia
Reader-Insert
Dom/sub Undertones

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader

