Work Text:

Three months before Civil War takes place.

Tony was constantly looking for possible Avengers recruits. He wanted to get to them before anyone else did, in case they turned evil and whatnot. It was during one of these particular sessions that he first witnessed the Spider.
Searching the internet. Keyword: Superhero. Social media was surprisingly helpful as it had in-the-moment pictures and videos that were rarely caught on security footage.
It was a dumb Instagram live that he’d been watching for a few minutes that was recording a car chase happening in Queens, New York. He was getting bored, ready to X out of it when a police car careened sideways and slammed into the side of a building.
Or... almost did.
At the last second, a red blur swung in between the car’s destructive path and the building.
Tony lurched forward slightly, but the person in the makeshift suit caught the police car, set it down, shot something out of their hand, and swung away after the car that the police had originally been chasing.
It took thirty seconds for the shock to wear off before he scrolled down to the comments.
The Spider, they read. The Spider-guy, Spider-dude, the Spider-ling, Spider-boy.
Spider. Spider. Spider.
“FRIDAY?”
“Yes, boss?”
“Do a web search for heroes in Queens. Keyword: Spider.”
“Already on it.”
1.35476843 seconds later, all ten of his monitors lit up, each with different videos, pictures, gifs, fanart, everything dating from two months ago until now.
Tony studied the way the hero flipped and cartwheeled and landed with their limbs everywhere but somehow made it graceful. Almost like a dance.
Tony frowned. No grown man could do acrobatics like that... not even Cap was that flexible. However, the shape of their figure was obviously masculine, so they would have to be a younger guy. Maybe even still in high school.
What am I doing? Tony asked himself as he told FRIDAY to save all of it to his ‘Recruitments’ folder.
 
What the hell am I doing? Tony asked himself as he told FRIDAY to pull up Peter Parker’s medical file.
He’d figured out the Spider’s identity after an extensive amount of research, twenty different security footages, a stroke of genius, and FRIDAY’s commons sense. After that, it was almost laughably easy to hack into the doctor’s office that Peter went to yearly and come up with his measurements.
After twelve sleepless nights from a span of two-and-a-half weeks, Tony had the shell of the Spider’s new suit built. He had no idea why he’d singled out the kid. There were plenty of options for heroes who needed upgrades, but something about him made Tony want to do something. Something to help.
So, he’d started creating a new suit. He didn’t really know what it would hold, considering he didn’t know the kid’s complete list of powers even after studying him for weeks, but he knew he needed to start building it before actually recruiting him... if that’s what he was going to do. Tony still wasn’t sure.
He’d managed to extract some of the webbing the Spider used from the side of a building and analyzed its components before it dissolved on his lab table.
Tony also gathered from the few interviews the Spider had been in with the locals, that the webbing wasn’t organic, but the kid had actually created it himself, and when Tony had learned that he felt oddly proud. There was one problem, however. Now he needed to build it into the suit and he had no idea how the kids ‘web-shooters’ worked.
He tapped his screen and entered the final string of code before sighing. “Fri, close file.”
His monitors went blank and he stood, stretching. He’d done all he could with the research that he had, but he knew it wasn’t enough. He’d either have to talk to Peter in person or find some other way to get to know his powers more. He didn’t like the prospect of having to talk to Peter. Why jack up someone else’s life when he didn’t have to right?
He trudged up the stairs to the living room where Clint and Sam were playing Mario Kart. They ignored his deep sigh as he went to make himself his fourth coffee of the day. Maybe he could just… sneak into Parker’s apartment? It would be considered breaking and entering, but he was Tony Stark. He could handle it. He just needed to find a safety pin.
 
The next day Tony found himself walking up to the Parkers’ apartment complex.

What the hell am I doing?

He still didn’t quite have the answer to that one.
Up two floors at the end of the hallway. Knock once. Two times. A third just in case.
Nothing.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief, pulled a safety pin from his shirt and in thirty seconds click. The door was open. If he had learned anything from his rebellious teenage years it was how to pick a lock. He bypassed the kitchen, going immediately to the open door at the end of the hallway.
Oh yeah, he thought as he stepped inside. This is definitely Peter’s room.
Small twin bed, a tiny desk with its top covered in old computer parts, posters covering the walls and an embarrassing number
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
I wanted to explain how Tony got Peter a suit that quickly
Answer: lots of late nights and exasperated friends
FRIDAY literally does everything for Tony
Tony breaking and entering mwahahaha
fanboy!peter

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

