Chapter 1



Summary:

The journey of a thousand miles begins with... a genius inventor and a spaceship.





Chapter Text
Tony knew what he was going to do before they'd even finished catapulting the bad guy into space.Not that it was a fully laid out plan, then; not at all.  More a glimmer of a plan his mind kept adding details to somewhere in the background.  The rest of him was occupied in playing his part, taunting the creepy alien away from the wizard.  Tony had never been more grateful for the villainous tendency to monologue.  It was enough to make a guy wonder if evil oration was actually a universal constant; maybe it was like a rite of passage all bad guys had to pass to be let into the supervillain clubhouse. Then Tony blew up one side of the ship, and the guy with the unfortunate squid face lost all his evildoer privileges. There was a moment in the midst of the chaos, when Tony's nanotech anchored him to the ship's deck plating and Doctor Strangely-Irritating went hurtling through the air as it evacuated out the hull breach.  A moment where Tony could have saved him.  A quick application of bonding gel could've frozen Stephen to the deck plating, or one well aimed repulsor blast could've knocked him off trajectory, put him in the path of a wall or obstacle while Tony repaired the breach.  Probably would've smashed a few bones, but from the look of the guy's hands it wouldn't be the first time he'd dealt with that.But he hesitated.  If Stephen Strange froze in space vacuum, that meant the infinity stone around his neck would be up for grabs and open to finding its way to the intergalactic equivalent of the garbage disposal.  To date, Stephen hadn't exactly been eager to part with his favorite piece of costume jewelry.  This could be their best shot to remove Thanos' crown jewel from the treasure vault before the alien conqueror even had a chance to lay eyes on it. The life of one wizard, or the fate of the universe.So it might have ended then, with Tony stuck firmly on the fence of 'should I? shouldn't I?', but then Peter decided he hadn't gone enough rounds yet to be that jaded, and he leant the flying sorcerer a web, and then a hand, and then a whole body.  So in the end Stephen Strange lived to fight and complicate Tony's life for another day.Tony left striking the superhero victory pose to Peter.  The kid still had faith; he still had hope.  Let him thrive on that triumph while Tony took up more practical concerns like saving the most amount of people by spending the least amount of lives."Why couldn't you have just run?" Tony found himself saying.Stephen turned, dismissive and righteous, and didn't even have the decency to pretend he was sorry.  In fact, he looked remarkably unruffled for a man who'd been in agony not minutes ago, and who'd then nearly been killed by a couple maybe-allies.  Tony was almost impressed.  From one game-player to another, that kind of mask took years to develop and a lifetime to perfect."I had to protect the stone," Stephen said."There a reason you couldn't have done that from a beach in the Bahamas, far from the streets of New York?""As long as they had a magic user there was nowhere on the planet they couldn't find me.  Better to face him directly."Tony grit his teeth on a howl of frustration.  "Yeah, I see how well that worked out for you.  And then, while you were busy proving you were the big man on campus, you ended up shanghaied and on your way to the real Big Man on Campus.""The stone had to stay with me," Stephen insisted, like a broken record."Sure, and it would have," Tony said.  "Right up to the moment Thanos stole it off your corpse.""It's impossible to remove a dead man's spell -"Tony wanted to put the suit back on and punch him in his pompous face, except that Stephen wore a familiar expression; Tony was sure he'd seen it looking back at him in the mirror a time or two.  He wondered if this impotent rage was what other people felt when Tony put on that face.  If so, he'd have to deploy it more around Ross, and less around Pepper, and he now had a much clearer appreciation for Rhodey's restraint in not murdering Tony sooner.  Pepper and Rhodey.  Tony could feel his thoughts turning to ice.  What was he going to do about, or without -"Pretty sure Thanos won't more than pause at your flimsy protection spell," Tony said."It's a kill-switch, you moron," Stephen ground out.That decided it; Tony definitely should've let him die.  It would've solved all their problems in one fell swoop.  No more irritating wizards, no more Time Stone's, no more villainous universe-ending plots, and the only thing Tony would've had to do was shove Peter in a nearby storage locker and throw away the key for ten minutes.Hindsight was twenty-twenty."Squidward didn't look all that worried," Tony said, on autopilot, "so unless that switch can literally kill in some method hitherto undreamt of, I doubt Thanos is going to be intimidated." "You underestimate the power of the mysti
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Friday & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Morally Ambiguous Character
Dubious Science
Slow Burn
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Dark Comedy
Space Opera
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Unreliable Narrator
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark-centric
Space Pirates
Hurt/Comfort
Comic Book Science
Fix-It
Marvel Cameos
Alien Culture
Magical Realism
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Adventure & Romance
Plot Twists
Science Experiments
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Family Feels
Alien Cultural Differences
Fluff and Angst
Slice of Life

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
Friday & Tony Stark

