Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter looked nervously around the room, wondering why he’d been called to the common room in middle of the day.“Kid, we need to have the talk.” Bucky said without preamble.Oh God, Peter thought, please don’t let it be that kind of talk. It was dangerously close to dredging up old bad memories.“Th-the talk?” He parroted nervously. He shot a glance at Tony and Pepper who were sitting side by side on one of the couches, Bruce had the armchair, and Bucky and Natasha were sitting on the three cushion couch with an empty spot in between them, clearly meant fo him. Clint was perched on the armrest next to Natasha.Bucky just looked at him. “You were uncomfortable. At the doctor’s office when she was talking about sex. So we want to talk to you about it.”“All of you?” Peter squeaked.“Well Elsa wanted to do it alone.” Tony said, glaring at Bucky, “But as your legal guardians, Pep and I wanted to be involved. Plus,” He wiggled his eyebrows, “Nobody knows more about sex than me!”Pepper smacked him on the arm. “We’re here to educate Peter, not corrupt him.” She scolded.Looking around helplessly, Peter said, “And the rest of you?”“Well I’m here for medical knowledge.” Bruce spoke up.“I’m here for moral support.” Natasha added.“And I’m here to relieve tension, sexual or otherwise!” Clint said enthusiastically. Natasha pushed him off of the couch arm. He resurfaced, rubbing his shoulder indignantly. “Hey!”“Hill is sad she couldn’t be here, but she had a S.H.I.E.L.D assignment today.” Bucky told him, ignoring Natasha and Clint. “Steve didn’t think he’d be much help.”“So, the birds and the bees?” Peter asked, resigned.“Or the bees and the bees.” Bucky said with a nod. He gestured to the couch. “Have a seat."Peter sat, trying to control his breathing. “Bees and the bees?”“Me and Stevie are the bees.” Bucky explained Peter buried his face in his hands, going bright pink.“Ugh, I did NOT need to know that!” Natasha patted his arm sympathetically.“It’s a metaphor.”“It’s an image that just appeared in my head of you two making out!" Peter moaned. Honestly, it was more than that, but he really didn’t want the others to know that. Dread started to build up in his gut."Really? Just making out, that's what has you terrified?" Bucky looked very concerned. “Are you a sex-repulsed asexual-aromantic?”“I don’t even know what that is.” Peter admitted in a small voice. “Look, can we not? I know the logistics and stuff.” He paused. “I even know that condoms expire now.” He added hopefully.Bucky let out a huff of laughter. “I sure hope you know the logistics, pal, at your age. I thought sex was all they talk about in high school.”“It is, for some people. But . . . not me.”“You still need to be educated.” Bucky told him firmly.“It’s okay to be curious about things.” Pepper interjected. “Tony and I were a little concerned that you don’t even seem interested in porn, which is rare for a young man your age. Or woman, for that matter.”Peter didn’t think it possible but he actually went redder. “You told Tony about that?”“Of course,” Pepper said, “Your development is very important to us.”“Alright.” Peter said, sounding resigned. “Just . . . maybe don’t get too graphic?”Pepper dipped her head in assent, “Okay, take it away Barnes.”The super-soldier nodded firmly. “Alright. First, a sex-repulsed asexual is someone who experiences no sexual attraction and is repulsed by even the idea of sex.” He squinted a Peter. “If that’s what you are then that makes everything easier. I just have to teach you how to defend yourself against jerks. An aromantic does not experience romantic attraction.”Peter was honestly tempted to say that he was, if it would put an end to the conversation, but he didn’t want to lie. “No, I-I experience sexual attraction. And romantic, definitely.” What he didn’t tell Bucky was that it was a little late for self-defense lessons.“That girl.” Bucky nodded, “The one who’s dad I want to kill for hurting you.”“Yeah.” Peter looked down. “I think that was mostly infatuation though. And all romantic.”“Are you attracted to males also?” Bucky asked seriously, “because that adds a whole another perspective.”“I don’t really know.” Peter said helplessly, “I haven’t had the time to have a sexuality crisis with,” he gestured vaguely, “my life.” He twitched restlessly, but the others just put it down to discomfort. It wasn’t, it was more than that.“You know we won’t mind if you are.” Tony told him, serious for once. “We love you no matter what, kiddo.”“The only thing we want is for you to be safe.” Pepper added, and Peter felt a warm swooping feeling in his belly, briefly chasing away the sensation of impending doom.Bucky frowned. “We’ll also want to meet them first. And I’ll need to run a background check and do a full-body cavity search.”Peter was actually pretty down with that, for now.“No one is giving any of Peter’s hypothetical future partners cavity checks.” Natasha said sternly. “We’re going to trust Peter’s judgem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
peter gets the talk
it doesnt go quite so well
Poor Peter
Supportive Avengers
super family
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Team as Family
Panic Attacks
panic attacks for everyone
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Past Sexual Abuse

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

