Chapter 1: Introduction
    




Chapter Text

Sunlight streams through the window, alerting Peter of the time. He blinks hesitantly, but glances over to his alarm clock. The time is 7:00, fifteen minutes until he leaves for school. He sits up, rubbing his hand through his hair. Somewhere outside, car horns honk and drivers yell. He groans before resigning himself to being awake.

Peter stands slowly and stretches. He grabs clean clothes from his dresser and makes his way to the bathroom. Luckily, today is a Friday, and he doesn’t have any plans for the weekend. Peter quickly takes a shower, with the light off, then tries to wriggle his way into his binder. He brushes his teeth and looks into the mirror one last time. He smiles at his reflection, and leaves the bathroom. The clock says 7:12.

Aunt May is out of town, so Peter has to hurry through a breakfast of cereal and orange juice.

As the clock strikes 7:15, Peter grabs his bag, and rushes out the door and down the stairs of his apartment building. He says hi to the people he sees on the street every morning, and arrives just in time for the subway. He fidgets restlessly as he stands, huddling close to the pole, trying to avoid touching the people standing next to him.

Peter manages to survive through the ride, and he gets off at his stop. He takes the stairs two at a time and walks quickly to the school. Ned and MJ are waiting outside.

“Hey, Peter,” Ned says with a smile. MJ holds up her hand in a little wave.

Peter nods at the two, his smile growing. “Hey. How are you guys?”

MJ shrugs, but Ned sighs exaggeratedly. “My morning has been horrible. When I woke up, my mom was still asleep, so I had to make breakfast for us.” He winces. “I might have burned the pancakes a little bit.”

Peter laughs. The three make their way towards the school’s entrance.

“Hey, Parker!” Flash yells, making his way toward them. He is smirking and Peter has to hold in a sigh. He was having a good morning.

“What do you want, Flash?”

Anger grows on Flash’s face as he steps in front of Peter.

“I want you to stop being a freak.” He steps closer. “I want you to get out of my school.”

“Well, that sucks, because I’m not going anywhere.” Peter walks around Flash, ignoring his angry comments.

MJ and Ned share a look as they catch up with Peter.

“You okay, Pete?” MJ asks, frowning slightly. She gently sets her hand on his shoulder. He looks up at her sheepishly but nods.

“I’ll be fine.”

They part ways as the bell rings for first period. Peter heads to Chemistry, dreading it already. His teacher, Ms. Megan, is very transphobic and rude. Peter tries to keep his head down and get his work done, but she has a way of getting under his skin. So, Peter quietly enters the classroom and takes a seat in the back of the room.

Ms. Megan assigns some worksheet about stoichiometry and leaves the class to their own devices. Peter finishes it easily with twenty minutes left in the class, like always. Ms. Megan glares from her spot at her desk, but doesn’t speak up.

He manages to go through class without incident, but his mood darkens at the way Ms. Megan says his deadname. His other classes  have their usual difficulties, PE being the worst of them all. His binder hurts and he has to change in the bathroom. By the end of the school day, he is having trouble breathing.

The final bell rings, and Peter throws his bag over his shoulder. He makes his way out to the courtyard, where Ned and MJ are waiting. His binder itches, and he cannot wait to be home to take it off.

“Hey, guys,” he greets the two. “Anyone have plans this weekend?”

“Just regular stuff,” MJ says as they walk toward the subway. “Ordering pizza, watching tv, overthrowing the patriarchy, you know, normal stuff.”

“Well, that sounds great,” Ned takes over. “I’m going out of town with mom this weekend. It's going to be really fun.”

Peter nods and smiles. “That sounds like fun. I’ve got a date with the television.”

They talk until they get to Peter’s stop. He waves goodbye and steps off the subway. His mood has been successfully lifted. Until his phone rings.

Peter pauses on the sidewalk, dodging the New Yorkers who grumble angrily at him. He takes out his phone and his eyes widen in shock as he sees who is calling. Mr. Stark is calling Peter. Oh my god.

Peter almost drops his phone in his rush to answer.

“H-hey, Mr. Stark!”

“Kid, look, I’ve got some news for you.”

“Of course, Mr. Stark, what is it?” He bounces on his feet.

“Calm down. Happy will be outside your apartment to pick you up in an hour and a half. Pack a bag.”

“What, why? I mean, sir, why? Did I do something wrong?” Peter speaks frantically as he speeds his walk home.

“Your Aunt May won’t be back until Wednesday, so she asked me to take care of you until then. So, pack a bag and be ready in an hour and a half.”

Tony hangs up before Peter can respond.

He takes the stairs of his building two by two, but instantly regrets it as his binder tightens around hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Trans Peter Parker
after civil war
but they all still love each other
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Field Trip
Peter Parker is Bi and Tired
Peter has Sensory Issues
Canon-Typical Violence
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Minor Ned Leeds/Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

