Work Text:
 "Kid," says Tony Stark wearily, "Please gimme a reason Loki's been spotted talking to Spiderman that isn't 'I wanted to be his friend'. Please. Tell me you can do that."Peter hums. "I could?""And that reason would be the truth?"Peter shrugs into his sweater. "If you wanted it to be the truth it could be.""That right there, that right there, is why I know it's gonna be a lie." 
0.

Peter doesn't mean to befriend Loki. He's just sitting on his roof, holding his knees and thinking about things - falling, his chemistry exam, MJ, May, Ben, falling, his bed, Liz, Flash, falling, Ben - and the wind is cold, and his skin's gone all knobbly with goosebumps. Since the bite, he's been more attuned to the weather, and he gets colder far easier, but the suit counteracts most of that, and he's 

thinking. 

He can hardly feel the bitter chill of it. 

He's got his mask off, too. It's three in the morning and nobody, not even the Daily Bugle, would expect Spiderman to be sitting on the top of a random block of flats in Queens, right opposite a sandwich store and a city bike depot. He's cool. He's safe. 

Loki isn't there, and then the next moment, he is. 

Peter's skin tingles bare seconds before he arrives, the new 

sense 

he's been growing (Tony calls it Spidey-sense, but Peter thinks that's dumb. However, anything Tony says tends to stick, and so Ned and MJ have started calling it that too and-) 

He's on his feet when the air shimmers before him, and his mask is crammed over his face by the time Loki's face is recognisable among the ripples. 

"Thor told me you were dead," Peter says, which maybe isn't the best way to start. His voice is sort of muffled, because the mask is half-crammed into his mouth, hiding 

most 

of his face, and his webslingers are all fucked up on his wrists. 

Loki shrugs. Peter remembers the news reports, back in 2012 - he'd been ten, and he got to take the day off school and sit with Ben and May, clutching his Iron Man action figure and watching a man in a gold-horned suit threaten to take over the world. There had been aliens in central New York, but none in Queens - the action had mostly centred around Stark Tower, Avengers Tower, and he remembers May crying with sheer relief when 

Breaking News - Avengers Triumph 

emblazoned itself across the TV screen. 

This Loki doesn't look like that Loki. 

This Loki has longer hair. Peter remembers the hair, for some reason, because it looked so odd that he'd laughed, and Ben had stroked his forehead and told him not to panic, the Avengers would save them. 

(Peter hadn't been panicking, of course, because he knew the Avengers would save them.) 


This 

Loki is dressed in what Peter assumes is, like, Asgardian casual wear. This darkish greenish kind of crossover tunic, like what he's seen people wear at Comicon, and no helmet, and calf-hugging leather boots. He looks like a really flamboyant forest-green ninja, and there's a strand of blonde hair braided into his black, plaited and tucked around the rest of his hair like how MJ sometimes wears it. 

"Thor told you I was dead?" Loki repeats, after an eternity of staring. Probably closer to five seconds, but Peter's observant. "Do you know Thor?"

Peter rolls his eyes, although the mask will hide that. "Dude. Don't you know who I am?"

"I've been off-world," Loki says sardonically, just as Peter realises 

how much of an asshole 

he sounds when he delivers that line. 

Note taken. Never say that again. Probably only Tony can say that and get away with it, and that doesn't count because he's Tony, and people are probably 

born 

knowing who he is. 

"Sorry," Peter says. Still doesn't relax, though, having fiddled his webslingers back into place. "But - yeah, I got told you were dead. Are you dead?"

"Quite clearly not."

"You'd be surprised." Peter's got 

far 

too used to chatting to Strange for half an hour, only to find that the doctor is still in London, or Tibet, or, like, Belgium, and his 

astral form 

is just sitting on the sofa in Tony's lounge, pretending to drink tea. Still, Loki might as well really be here as he is really anywhere, seeing as authorities on the topic still seem to think he's dead. 

Loki steps forward; Peter steps back, and almost falls off the building. "I am not dead," he says. "Nor am I frightening."

"Speak for yourself, dude."

Nothing really happens, that night. Peter sits back down, after a long while, and Loki sits next to him, and pulls a bag of salted peanuts out of his pocket. He offers one to Peter, and they eat salted peanuts and swing their legs off the edge of Peter's apartment block until the sky starts to blush with oncoming day, and Loki ripples back out of existence, and Peter goes to sleep fitfully for a few hours. 

(He guesses that might be when Tony catches wind of the rumour Loki is back, and hanging out with the Spiderman. But still.) 


"Loki?" 

Ned whistles. "That's major. And he didn't try to stabby-stab? A little knifey-knif
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Friendship
Forgiveness
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Guilt
it's lighthearted
loki eats bbq pringles at one point

fandom: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

