Work Text:
Bucky fit snug on the back of Steve’s motorcycle, the apex of his thighs tight around Steve’s hips. Steve didn’t bother to deny that he enjoyed the knot of heat against the crack of his ass, the clamp of one arm around his waist, the press of Bucky’s face into the back of his neck. Most states had helmet laws these days, and that would put a damper on this new intimacy, but Steve was willing to wait until he got pulled over, and he was also willing to cash in on being Captain America when it happened. He wasn’t exactly proud of that, but despite accusations to the contrary, he was not a perfect man. He just wanted Bucky’s skin against his own, any way he could get it.It had been a long year of not touching. It had been a long year of pretending not to look. “Well?” he said as he started up. “Where do you want to go?”The arm around him tightened for a moment, and he shivered as he felt Bucky’s breath ghost humid against his neck. “Never thought I’d see the Grand Canyon,” Bucky said, lips catching on the lobe of Steve’s ear.“Sounds good,” Steve said. “We’ll stop at all the botanical gardens along the way. I support your dream of being a florist.”Bucky’s laugh vibrated through Steve’s body. He gripped the handles of his bike harder.“Just drive, Rogers.”

—
Their first stop was the Liberty Bell. Bucky took a picture of Steve standing next to it.“This is a bit much,” Bucky said.“Let me see.” Steve took Bucky’s phone out of his hand. Sure enough, he was making the same face as he had in the Captain America propaganda films, the face where directors told him to smile real handsome and it just came out terrified. “Oh, Lord.”“This is not American enough,” Bucky said, looking at him sidelong. “Quick, get some apple pie and free market capitalism in there, on the double.”“Get over there,” Steve said, nudging Bucky toward the bell. He pointed the phone at Bucky, watched through the screen as he tucked hair behind his ear. “Say ‘proletariat.’” Bucky smirked and held up his middle finger, and Steve snapped a picture. The line was long, and they left quick, Bucky’s hand stuck in the pocket of his leather jacket. They were shoulder to shoulder, walking silently down 6th Street when Steve glanced Bucky’s way, and Bucky’s gaze skittered away.“So, um.” Steve cleared his throat. “Bartram’s Garden isn’t far from here, if you want to take a look. I heard it was really great.”Bucky’s mouth tilted wryly.“Sure,” he said. “But can we eat first?”“You’re reading my mind,” Steve said. “I think I saw some restaurants around Washington Square.”“Sushi,” Bucky said, and picked up his pace. Steve laughed and walked faster to catch up.

—
They stopped for the night in a motel just outside Columbus, Ohio. Steve’s legs felt like jelly, serum or not, and he collapsed into one of the beds as soon as they got through the door. He threw an arm over his eyes, but then he felt Bucky looming over him. He moved his arm and cracked an eye. Bucky was hovering at the edge of the bed Steve had claimed, fingers flexing at his side. His hair was windblown and dirty, and Steve wished he could reach out and smooth it down.“I could drive tomorrow,” Bucky said. “If you wanted.”“And I’d let you, if you’d brought your other arm along for the ride.”Bucky scoffed. “Only amateurs need two arms for the easy ride we’re on, Rogers.”“You callin’ me an amateur?”“Best believe it.”There was a moment’s pause, and then Steve lunged, catching Bucky in a headlock and dragging him down into the bed. Bucky laughed and pitched them into a roll. He freed his arm from underneath Steve and used it to dig his fingertips into Steve’s ribs. They forced ragged giggles from Steve’s belly and he squirmed to get away.“How dare you!” Steve gasped. He kept laughing and slumped into Bucky bodily, face buried in his chest. “You never learn,” Bucky said. “I know all your weak spots.” Carefully, he set his arm across Steve’s shoulders, buried his hand in Steve’s hair. Steve’s breath caught in his throat, even as the laughter lingered. Steve squeezed his eyes shut.“I gotta shower,” he said.“Yeah, you reek,” Bucky said. Steve cuffed him lightly on the hardest part of his head. The arm around him gripped him tighter. “Stay a minute,” Bucky said softly.Steve breathed in the scent of him, overlaid with grit and wind. He was still there underneath.

—
Steve had been to Sherman Brothers’ to pick up Bucky before. It wasn’t as if he’d shown zero interest. It just seemed frivolous, and unnecessary, and wasteful. But now, watching Bucky smile at an old lady the same way he used to smile at the girls in the dance halls when he was young, Steve could see that it nourished something in him that had gone unfed for decades. It was peaceful. How could he begrudge that?Steve hid behind some hanging baskets spilling over with a riot of pinkish purple things, but as soon as the old lady left with a jaunt in her step and a bouquet in her hands, Bucky’s smile dropped and he met Steve’s surveillance with a s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Rimming
Felching
Public Sex
Sex Toys
Aftercare
Bottom Steve Rogers
Road Trips
amputated limb
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Barebacking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

