Work Text:
 Alright losers," MJ said. "Decathlon tomorrow. Don't be lame and miss the bus." The team started packing up their stuff, ready to bail and head home after spending hours in the library. "Hey, do you think Mr Stark will come tomorrow?" Ned asked Peter as they swung their bags onto their shoulders. "Why would Mr. Stark come to Penis Parker's decathlon event," Flash snorted. "You're an intern. Probably not even a good one at that." "Flash, everyone saw Tony save Peter when he fell from the rope in gym class," Ned countered. Peter's cheeks flushed red. "Ned, not the best example to use." He fought the chill that threatened to roll down his spine as he remembered why he had fallen from the rope. It had been a just over a month since he had a panic attack and he wasn't looking forward to another one. Flash waved Ned off. "Mr Stark didn't want Penis Parker leaving his stuff around Stark Industries. Parker probably faked falling off the rope when he saw Stark to save himself." "What! No, I didn't," Peter protested. "Face it, you're nothing to Mr. Stark," Flash smirked. He purposely knocked Peter shoulder as he left, leaving Ned and Peter alone in the library. "Don't listen to him, Peter," Ned said. "He doesn't know what he's talking about." "Come on," Peter said. "We have to get to the toy store before the line gets too big.""Hey, Peter," Pepper smiled warmly as she watched the teenager trudge into the living room of Tony's house. "How did your last practice go?" "It was good," Peter shrugged, looking past Pepper to the kitchen sheepishly. "Is there any food?" "Snacks are already prepared," Pepper chuckled. "You're awesome," Peter beamed and raced past Pepper, immediately heading to the biscuits. "Oh, you hear that, Tony. I'm awesome," Pepper smirked as Tony entered the room. "Kids delusional," Tony quipped back, giving her a quick kiss on the lips. "Doesn't know what he's talking about." "Yes, I do," Peter said around a mouthful of biscuit. Tony wrinkled his nose and rolled his eyes. "How was school?" Peter shrugged one shoulder. "It was fine." "Ready for your big event?" Tony asked, wondering into the kitchen with Pepper. Again, Peter shrugged. Unfortunately, he couldn't stop thinking about what Flash had said. Despite calling Tony dad he wasn't really Tony's kid. It wasn't the first time that Peter had felt a little insecure about their relationship. If Peter hadn't disobeyed Tony and boarded that flying donut, then he would never have faded (painfully and horrifically) into ash and they would never be where they were now. Did Tony only continue to help him because he was Spiderman? "So I was thinking that I would meet you there and –" Tony begun casually. "What? No. NO! no, you don't need to come. It's – it's stupid school stuff," Peter rambled. He started backing out of the kitchen, passing the two adults. "I'm just going to get started. Bye." And quickly high tailed out of the room. Stupid, he silently cursed himself. So stupid."That was weird, right?" Tony asked Pepper where the two stood staring at where Peter had just vanished. "Uh, yeah," Pepper turned to her fiancé. "What was that about?" "I have no idea," Tony murmured. Pepper frowned. "I thought you helped him and his friends study for this?" "I did. I thought it went well," Tony huffed. "Clearly I was mistaken. I'm not sure how…" "Maybe something happened at school?" Pepper suggested."Do you think he got kicked off the team?" "Or maybe he's embarrassed by me," Tony suggested. "I did kind of crash his study session." Pepper shook her head. "No, May text me and told me how happy Peter was that you helped him and his friends." "You text Aunt Hottie?" Tony mock gasped. Pepper narrowed her eyes slightly. "Yes. She needed someone responsible looking out for Peter." Tony pursed his lips and sniffed. "Fair call." He looked to where Peter had vanished and then back to Pepper. "What the hell was that then?" "Maybe you should go ask him," Pepper said. She leaned in and gave him a quick kiss before retreating. Tony grumbled but obeyed."So stupid," Peter muttered to himself as he started grabbing the ingredients for his webbing. "What is?" Tony asked. Peter jumped, too caught up in himself to notice that Tony had come in. "Uh – me?" Tony snorted. "Right. Want to tell me what all that was back there?" "What- uh- what do you mean?" Peter scratched the back of his head. "Really, you want to do it that way?" Tony asked. "Okay. Why don't you want me to come to the Decathlon?" "I- I just- it's boring school stuff," Peter quickly stuttered out. "May's not going. She has work and you don't need to come." "I want to," Tony said. "You've been working hard on this." Peter looked around the room for some excuse. "No – I – it's not a big deal." Tony frowned. "Did you get kicked off the team or something." "YES!" Peter said a little too over enthusiastically. "I mean, yes. I got kicked off the team. To many missed practices." "Oh. I can talk to-" "No. No it's okay. I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Is a Good Bro
Prompt Fic
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Father-Son Relationship
peter is insecure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

