Work Text:
"I lied," Steve said, the first night they stayed with Sam. 
He only had the one spare room, and Natasha offered to take the floor, but so did Steve, and then Sam said he'd give up his bed and take the floor, with the result that they agreed none of them should sleep on the floor (Natasha felt this was unpragmatic, somehow, but was honestly too exhausted and sore to give a fuck). So eventually Sam kept his bed and Steve and Natasha shared the guest bed, even though Steve was visibly straining not to suggest building some kind of wall of pillows between them, or keeping one foot on the floor. 
"What did you lie about?" she asked, lying in the bed in a shirt too big for her (Sam's) and a pair of clean underwear (Sam's ex-girlfriend's, apparently, left behind and laundered but never returned-for, which was sort of depressing). Steve was staring at the ceiling, just a shadow in profile. 
"The kissing thing," he said. "I panicked and I lied."
She kept silent, because that was the best way to make men like Steve talk.
"The last kiss I had before you was in 1945. It was Peggy. We were in a car chasing an airplane."
"Well, that's impressive, at least, I guess," she said. She saw his Adam's apple bob gently. 
"I don't like people thinking I'm a prude, or somehow strange, but it's hard," he said. "Hard to connect. Hard to...I'm not very good with people when I'm not, you know. Captain. So when people ask, I misdirect. Sometimes I lie. I'm not proud of it."
"Not proud of lying?"
"Well, not that either, but I meant being inexperienced," he said. "Sometimes I wonder if I am dead."
"Figuratively," she said.
"Yeah."
"Is that why you've been seeing Sam?"
"I haven't been seeing him. We just talked a few times," Steve said, sounding defensive. "When you picked me up for the Batroc mission, that was the first time I'd met him."
"But you worry. About what people will think. That's not like you."
"Shows what you know," he muttered. "I wanted -- I didn't want you to treat me like a child. I wanted to impress you."
"You'd impress me more if you were a better kisser," she said with a smile. 
"Being fair, I wasn't on top of my game," he replied.
"Oh, you have game?"
"I have a little game. More game than that, anyway."
"You have no game," she said. "It's okay, it's sweet."
"I don't want to be sweet. I want to be normal."
"Normal is overrated, and you won't ever be normal anyway."
"Thanks for reminding me," he sighed, and slung an arm over his eyes. "Sorry. You should get some rest."
"Everything that happened to you today happened to me too," she pointed out. "Plus I blew four bucks on bubble gum. Do you really think I'm coping with this better than you are?"
"It's not a matter of coping," he said. "I don't need much sleep, is all."
"Yeah, I got used to that a long time ago." 
There was a soft, amused snort. "The great spy Black Widow has trouble sleeping?" 
"Sometimes." 
He let his arm slip back down to his side, rolling over to face her. She'd read his file; he could probably see more than her, given his supposed nighttime acuity, but she didn't bother schooling her features. 
There was a hint of reflection in his pupils, like a cat's. 
"What do you want me to be?" she asked, wondering how he'd answer this time.
"Not a friend," he said, voice suddenly rough. "I'd like you to be someone who doesn't need to ask me that question."
She sat up, pulled off the too-big shirt, squirmed out of the underwear; he watched, those pale slivers of reflection flicking over her body, but he didn't move.
"Natasha," he said, half a warning.
"I want this," she replied. "Don't you?"
"What I want and what I oughta take are two different things."
"I'm not asking for marriage," she said. 
"What are you asking for?"
She took his hand, pulling it up to her breast, hooking her thumb around his and dragging it across her nipple. He inhaled, fingers cupping her like he was holding something precious, then pushed himself up with his other arm. The hand cupping her breast slid down her ribcage, gently skirted the scar from her last encounter with the Winter Soldier, and curled around her hip. He leaned into her, one long stretch of muscle and warm skin, face pressed to her neck, arm holding her against him. She lifted her near hand and twined it in his hair, cradling his head, and tipped her own down to rest her cheek against the crown. 
"Show me something true," she said. "My life's a little short on truth right now."
"Not sure you're gonna enjoy the truth I got," he said. "This is because we almost died today, isn't it?"
"There are so many reasons for this," she replied. "That is one of them, but not all of them."
He inhaled against her, exhaled warm air on her throat. "Truth is, I've never been with a woman." 
"Well, everyone needs practice." 
He laughed into her skin, but it came out a little broken. She turned her body, turning his as well, until he settled back against the headboard. Moonlight through the window cast enough glow to see his face, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Kissing
First Time
Comfort Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov

