Chapter 1



Notes:
So, time travel is my all-time favorite trope. I finally caved and wrote a self indulgent fic featuring it.Warnings for the chapter posted at the end.Big thanks to @bokunoanime for beta reading!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
    He could feel himself falling apart. Dissolving into ashes. The world grew dark as his eyes burned away. "I don't want to go, I don't wan' to—" The words slurred together, and he could  taste  his tongue disintegrating before—Everything was gone. ...     Peter shot awake, flinging restricting covers off of himself as he tumbled out of bed. The world was so  bright . He overslept and sunlight streamed through his window, lighting olive green walls, highlighting dust motes floating through the air in front of cluttered shelves and— a siren wailed outside— it smelled like air fresheners and— a dog scrambled across the ceiling, the floors of the apartment above— He curled up on the hardwood floor, eyes closed, hands pressed hard against his ears, but it didn't keep out the -- voices chattered indistinctly -- cars drove through the streets outside— the floor shook minutely as someone— Aunt May— walked through their apartment."—Peter?" The light knock on his door could've been an explosion.He-he couldn't breathe. Everything was  too much  , too distracting, he couldn't  focus  and he needed to, needed to focus on breathing but all he could do was shake-- shake apart into pieces that drifted away— he didn't want to go, he didn't want to die, oh god oh—"—eter? Peter, listen to me! It's okay, is okay, I'm here. Breathe with me, okay? In, two three—  out, two three—"Aunt May.  Aunt May.  She was alive, she was okay.But he wasn't— he felt himself die— he was dead. What was  going on? Aunt May was still talking, he— a car honked— he flinched, pushing his forehead into his knees— knees that shouldn't be there,  he felt them slough off as he  died  like everyone around him had died, the nice space aliens who had turned to dust before his eyes and all that was— A hand touched his arm, a voice cried his name but it was so loud he couldn't focus on it, couldn't  hear  right. And of course he couldn't hear right— a sob shoved its way out of his throat— his head crumbled to pieces—There were arms around him— Mr. Stark held onto him as he felt his organs decompose inside him, and it was all so fast so fast  he didn't want to die—
 The arms around him tightened, a hand moved across his hair. It wasn't Mr. Stark— it definitely didn't smell like him. No this was—Aunt May, who smelled like her perfume and burned pancakes, who was whispering that it was fine, he was safe now, everything was okay. He- twisted to bury his face against her neck as he cried and tried to catch his breath and tried to make sense of it all. How long they sat there, curled around each other, he didn't know. He didn't know  anything.  Even after he caught his breath and calmed enough to stop shaking and crying -- the anxiety replaced with only numbness— nothing made sense.  He died,  that much he knew for sure. Everything was— had been— so real. Too real to be a dream. Dreams didn't hurt like being flung around by a Hulk-sized purple alien did. And—Yeah, Hulk-sized purple alien. His dreams could get strange sometimes, but not  that  strange. And besides, he barely recalled his own dreams, but this? His memory was too clear.Eventually, Aunt May coaxed him off the floor and into the kitchen, where indeed there were burned pancakes, but there were a good number of unburnt ones too, and they both settled down to eat the now-cold breakfast."I'm here, Peter, if you ever want to talk to me. About anything, not just," she lifted a hand to gesture, but flattered, as though not sure what could express— "that." Her eyes met his, only for a second before his own gaze skittered away. "I love you, Peter.""I love you too." His voice came out weak, hoarse. He cleared his throat, speared another piece of cold, syrup-coated pancake, and shoved it into his mouth to put off speaking for just a bit longer. Of course, he couldn't put off the awkward questioning for too long. Aunt May was worried about him, she always was."Did something happen, at the party last night?" she asked.His eyes flicked towards her again- registered the worry and  concern  on her face, pinched brows and sad eyes, and... He looked away again, down at his almost-empty plate. The party? What party? He hadn't been to a party since— "Liz's party?" He cringed at his voice, not only from the roughness, but the fact he hadn't meant to speak aloud to begin with."Was there any other party?" Aunt May asked, trying for a joking tone and not quite managing."Oh. Uh. No. It was— the party was. Fine. Uh, a bit loud. Too loud. I left early— you know." He was so confused. First he  died,  then he woke up, and now he's... being asked about a party that happened  last year.  What happened?  Time travel? That, as horrifyin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Canonical Character Death
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Temporary Character Death
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

