Work Text:

It was the tenth crappy motel or the twelfth, somewhere in there. They'd been on the road long enough that Sam had lost count. They’d picked up an old VCR at the nearest Goodwill for $10 and the cables to rig it up at Best Buy for $40. Steve pushed in the dusty old VHS tape. It still had some blood spattered across the label.

There was more of that dried deep under Sam’s fingernails and in the creases of his knuckles. His back hurt and his jaw under the icepack ached, and this was one of those days he was painfully reminded nobody had ever fixed him up with a dose of supersoldier serum. Even so, by the time Steve stopped the tape and sat down heavily on the squeaky bed, Sam knew which one of them was hurting more, and it wasn’t him."You knew it had to have been rough," he said quietly.Steve’s face had gone all wrong, hard and empty. A few tears sliding around the curves of his cheeks and jaw, dripping off. His eyes weren’t seeing anything in the room. “Yeah,” was all he said. His voice was thick.After a little while longer, Sam got up and took the remote out of Steve’s hands. He turned off the tv, still on the blue screen, and ejected the tape, neat little letters printed under the thumbprint smear of blood: Wipe Session 53a (Winter Soldier program). Just one of a thousand relics of old Hydra operations, buried in the bowels of a minor base.He went around the room switching off the lights. In the dark, he went back to Steve and pushed him over onto the bed. Steve went, docile, and curled up on his side tight as a snail. Sam climbed in behind him and rested a hand on Steve’s arm, gripping firm but not painful: I’m here. He ignored the ache in his shoulder from folding his other arm in between them, and went to sleep.In the morning, when he woke up, Steve was already out of the shower. He was sitting on the edge of the bed, hands folded in his lap, looking down at them. Sunlight was leaking in around the blackout curtains. Sam pushed up on an elbow and just looked at him, let Steve feel the weight of his eyes. He knew when a silence was waiting to be broken.After a while, Steve said, "I can't help thinking, he wouldn't believe I'd leave him behind. He probably figured I'd show up right until the last minute, right until they put that thing — "He stopped talking."You thought he was dead, right?" Sam said."Sure I did," Steve said. "There was no chance he could've survived that fall." He swallowed. "But the thing is, far as Bucky knew, there had to be a chance he wasn't dead. Because he wasn't. So he would've been waiting for me."He broke after the last word, brought his clenched hands up and knuckled them against his eyes, teeth clenched up. He didn't sob, his breath just came ragged a couple of times.Sam didn't say the lines, even though he knew you were supposed to. It's not your fault. You couldn't have done anything. Yeah, damn straight, and he'd known it just fine. Steve knew it too. That wasn't comfort. That was the problem, that this was a world where you could watch your wingman go spiraling down, a smoke trail like Icarus and not a damn thing you could do about it but keep on flying.Steve's breath evened out. His back was still bent like for once he was feeling some weight he couldn't hold up. Sam leaned over and put a hand on his shoulder and said the only thing worth saying. "He's still waiting, man. So let's get going."Steve's back straightened out. He nodded and stood up.#Sam tried hard not to lie to himself these days. There was a lie it helped to tell yourself when you walked into a fight, the lie that you were going to come out of it on the other side on top. That went double when the way you got into the fight was by strapping on a pair of wings and jumping. Nothing wrong with that, either, he'd figured once upon a time, except it turned out that once you got started telling one lie, more of them came easy. Nothing's going to go wrong. We can't lose. We're invincible.Well, he wasn't invincible and neither was anybody else. Not even the country, not even the planet. He'd talked to a lot of soldiers who'd come out of New York lugging around the broken pieces of that lie. He'd carried them for a long time himself before he managed to open his hands and let them drop.What he'd figured out about Steve early on was, Steve had learned that lesson before he was a soldier. Hadn't made him quit trying any, but deep in his bones, he knew losing was an option. Knew sometimes the best you could do was decide how you were going to lose, if you were going to go down easy or go down hard. And he picked going down hard, each and every time.Steve hadn't asked Sam why he'd come along, but if he did, Sam could tell him why. It made it easier to go down hard yourself when you had other people around you doing it too. And with Steve, you knew going in that he was always going to make that choice. Running with Steve meant you were signing on to go down hard up front. And you couldn't take it back in the l
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
First Time
Road Trip

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

