Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Bucky’s been back in America, safe and sane and re-armed, for less than 48 hours when the first massive Avengers call-out occurs. Granted, those nearly 48 hours are pretty eventful. In the first hour alone he’d: touched down in the Wakandan Royal Talon fighter on the actual landing pad of Avengers Tower, been greeted by a rumpled billionaire, lead into the craziest basement-workshop-lightshow he’s seen possibly ever, and promptly been granted a limb, access card, and greeting packet. 

Stark had turned him loose after about two hours of tests, claiming he was no longer comfortable monopolizing Captain America’s favorite action figure while the soldier was still in the room. Apparently Steve had an obnoxious expression on the entire time they were working, and Tony was at his maximum for tolerance. The billionaire had finally thrown his hands up in the air and dismissed them. Bucky can’t even blame him, Steve can make some pretty obnoxious, judging-you faces. 

“You know what? I’m done with this. We’ll talk later. You’re free to go, and take the Super-Sulker over there with you.” He’d snapped. “If it locks up, crushes anything, or you smell fudge, come find me.” 

Bucky hadn’t really known what to do with all of that, but Steve had taken it as a dismissal and gently towed him out the door with a muffled thanks. It hadn’t sounded all that genuine, more an afterthought than anything, which didn’t quit sit quite right with Bucky. Then again, he hadn’t been able to articulate much beyond double syllable words and clipped responses to Tony’s questions. Wanting to try and fix it but not knowing how, Bucky had glanced back as he’d been dragged out, watching Tony carelessly toss a wrench at the table without regard for what it crashed into. 

He couldn’t help but think the billionaire had looked a little disheartened by the whole situation. So he had tried to articulate his thanks before the door closed behind him and Steve, though he couldn’t actually get his voice to work. Not that it mattered, Stark gave no real notice of the hesitation, slinking away toward the distantly parked car and three half-assembled motorcycles. They’d left him to it, Steve all too happy to drag Bucky around all the communal areas for the team and introduce him to everyone once again. 

That evening they’d all met a common level and had dinner and watched a movie.

Well, all except for Stark. As far as the Soldier knew, he had yet to resurface. 

The next day was much of the same. At odds with his new surroundings, Bucky had allowed Steve to show him the ropes. They went for a fifteen mile jog and came back to breakfast. Caught up with the team and then did warmup drills in the tower gym, ran through all the equipment, took showers, and met up with the team again for lunch and various discussions of history, entertainment, and some of the Avengers more interesting callouts. 

Steve and Bucky have retreated to Steve’s floor and settled into the plush arm chairs in his living room to unwind. They’re in the middle of a discussion about Bucky joining the team for callouts when the overhead light flashes blue and an actual alarm blares from one of the hidden speakers. Bucky can practically see Steve start to sweat when the alarm sounds, and cannot physically control his impulse to roll his eyes when the blond man literally leaps to his feet and then fucking hesitates.

“It’s a Code A, get the fuck out of here.” Bucky orders with a flick of his metal hand, pleased that the plates articulate in a smooth shift, all shiny and natural. It’s like having his own hand back, just in the wrong color. Stark sure is something, no wonder they make so much of him. “They’re down Thor, they’re gonna need Captain America. See when you get back, safe fight, get killed and I know a voodoo doctor that’ll bring you back so I can beat your ass, pick me up something nice, bye.”

If anything that makes Steve even more hesitant, starting and then stopping again, reaching a hand out to him with watery blue eyes. “Uh, Buck? You sure?”

His best friend is a fuckin’ moron, sometimes. “Jesus, Steve. It’s an automated palatial fucking suite a mile above New York City. It’s fine. I’m not gonna suffer a goddamn Winter Soldier relapse here. Trust me, Hydra never had digs this good, and that Wakandan Princess fixed me up. I’m fine, the place is fine, the view would be fine if you’d get your ass out of it. So why don’t you go answer whatever is clearly not fine so the alarm’ll shut off?”

“FRIDAY, Alarm Override Authorization: Captain, Steve Rogers.”

“Alarm Override Accepted, Captain Spangles.” FRIDAY chirps back, sounding entirely too amused. 

Bucky snorts in spite of himself. “Heh, Spangles.”

Steve ignores him, so does the AI, continuing on in her conversation with the Captain. “The Boss says that the rest of the team is almost to the jet. You can put your glad rags on when yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Friday
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Kid Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Reality Check
de-aged character
Hydra (Marvel)
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Fluff and Angst
Pre-Relationship
Caretaking
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Tony Stark-centric
Bucky Barnes-centric
Team Cap Critical
Sass
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Friday Has Had Enough
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
no civil war
Anti wanda maximoff
Steve Rogers critical
Protective james rhodes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Friday
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

