Chapter 1





Chapter Text

   
Thor had done it, he had defeated Thanos just before he could snap his fingers and end half the universe. He had wielded his newest weapon, the Storm-breaker, right into Thanos head. Killing him instantly and turning him into a pile of ash. Leaving the gauntlet laying on the floor.

The remaining Avengers on earth were scattered all over Wakanda, including some new avengers from space. The talking raccoon and the tree, who had arrived with Thor during the Battle of Wakanda and helped defeat the aliens are now discussing how they were getting out of that planet to meet with Gamora, Peter, Drax and Mantis. They hadn't heard anything from them since Rocket and Groot left with the pirate angel to get the magical axe. Rocket hoped they were all okay.

Meanwhile King T'Challa was helping out his people, tending the wounded and making sure everyone who survived was alright. He started by making sure his little sister, Shuri, was unharmed. When he saw she was fine, he started worrying about the rest. He knew he was supposed to put his people first, but his sister would always come first. No matter how annoying her meme references were.

Sam, Bruce, Rhodey and Natasha were wandering around Wakanda, making sure there was no more injured people waiting to be found. That's when they found Wanda, she was on top of Vision's body, crying her eyes out. The poor girl didn't deserve this. Having to kill her love, watch him die, then come back to life just to be killed all over again.
Natasha was the one who approached her, she calmly tried to convince her to go to get her injuries checked. Nat was sure the witch had internal bleeding and probably something broken, seeing how Thanos ha thrown her away from Vision with his gauntlet. Wanda didn't want to leave what remained of Vision. Eventually, she let go of Vis's dead body with tears streaming down her face. Sam and Bruce helped her to the main building, where the were wounded were being treated. Natasha went with them and Rhodey continued flying around looking for more people who needed help.

Steve and Bucky were taking the gauntlet with the Infinity Stones to Wakanda's vault, to keep it safe until they figured out what to do with them. They obviously couldn't destroy it and none of them had the strength to carry an infinity stone. So separating the stones wasn't an option.

Steve was worn out, having fought Thanos on his own was more tiring than it seemed. However, he couldn't be happier now that it was all over, especially knowing his best friend, Bucky was alright. He hadn't had much time to talk to him, since Bucky had to be put under cryo again in Wakanda. That didn’t stop him from seeing him, having met a few times during the past few years. Steve never could stay very long. He couldn't risk putting his friend in danger, after all he was a fugitive now. But, Steve knew that after all this was settled, he had earned some sort of long vacation with Bucky.

"So," Bucky said with a grin on his face, carrying the gauntlet with his metal arm. "You were finally able to grow a beard, tell me, how does it feel to finally hit puberty?"

"Shut up you jerk" Steve said smiling, walking next to him towards the vault.

They walked in silence for a few minutes until Bucky decided to speak.

"Well?" Bucky said after a while, Steve gave him a confused frown "Are you keeping it? The beard?" He asked as he changed the gauntlet from the metal arm to his other arm.

Steve pondered for a bit, "I think so, I've grown attached to it after this time, why? Don't you like it?" Steve finally responded, running his hand through his beard.

"I think it suits you, Stevie" Bucky said with a smile, the smile that Steve loved and hadn't seen in a while.

_______

Quill had said he could take the earthlings back to their planet. They gladly accepted and in no time the Guardians, Tony, Peter, and Strange were limping their way to the Milano. Peter had an arm around Tony's waist helping him stand. He wasn't in a good shape after Thanos had stabbed him with his own weapon. Drax was helping Mantis while Nebula helped Stephen. They were all angry at Stephen, until he explained why he gave up the stone. Drax promised he wouldn't kill him, and that was good enough for the wizard.

Once in the Milano, Peter was in awe. Even though he had already been in a spaceship before, he was baffled by it. This was so much cooler than the squidward's ship. Tony, even though he would never say it aloud, was also loving it.

"This is the coolest spaceship ever!" Peter's eyes widened and smiled like a child in a candy store.

Quill laughed "See, this kid right here has some good taste, and we even share a name!" He ruffled his hand through Peter's hair and walked towards his seat to start the ship.

Drax sat in the chair next to Quill's and Mantis. While Nebula disappeared from view as soon as she reached the ship. Stephen, Tony and Peter were left awkwardly standing near the door. Tony and Pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Loki
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Avengers
Peter Parker & Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Shuri & Loki
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Thor
Peter Parker & Valkyrie
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers
loki/grandmaster (implied)

freeform: 
Infinity war ending didn't happen
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
everything is the same but the last ten minutes
therefore everyone lives
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
loki is a little shit
Precious Peter Parker
Everyone lives
some died but will come back soon
loki lives
peter and loki become friends
vine references
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
Anxiety Attacks
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
they are all a little gay tbh
Hurt/Comfort
Fix-It
Happy Ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Fluff
Protective Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Loki
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Avengers
Peter Parker & Everyone
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Shuri & Loki
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Bruce Banner/Thor
Peter Parker & Valkyrie
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie/Carol Danvers
loki/grandmaster (implied)

