Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It had started with a recurring dream just before Thanos had attacked. During the war with the Mad Titan and all that followed, Tony had all but forgotten his dream, being too busy undoing the mass of death that Thanos had caused, and then dealing with the aftermath as the world and the universe came to terms with what had happened. It wasn’t until several weeks after the war that he remembered his dream. When he started to develop symptoms that weren’t going away. At first he dismissed them as fatigue, stress, an upset stomach, food poisoning, a dozen or more possible explanations while denying the one that lingered at the back of his mind. When he couldn’t keep pretending that there wasn’t something going on anymore, even to himself, he took tests, six in fact so he could be completely certain. Which was how Bruce found him one evening after coming home from patrol, sat in the bathroom with half a dozen pregnancy tests lined up before him on the toilet lid.  “Oh, My, God!” “Yeah!” Tony murmured not turning around, a minute had passed since he’d pissed on the tests, he had another two to wait “Are you, are we…?” Bruce trailed off, staring at the tests with  wide eyes “I don’t know,” Tony said finally turning round to look at Bruce, “I have all the symptoms, I haven’t bled since my last heat, and I know I’m close to Heat-secession, (The Omega equivalent of Beta Menopause) But I’ve been having sickness, sore breasts, I’m tired all the time, and I get stupidly emotional…Bruce, please say something!” Bruce had seemed to have gone into some kind of trance, staring at the tests with a focus that was unnerving to say the least. Sighing, Tony got to his feet, “I know this isn’t what we were planning on,” he said, “And I know us being Superheroes probably isn’t going to make this easy but…,” he trailed off as Bruce’s eyes widened, turning his head he looked down at the tests, one was showing positive.  Tony inhaled sharply and as he watched another two tests became positive!“Oh my God!” he whispered feeling tears beginning to prick at his eyes, Goddamn Hormones!“Bruce I..!” Whatever Tony had been going to say was lost as he found himself swept up into Bruce’s arms as the normally stoic Gothamite let out a cheer and kissed Tony so hard that the Omega swore he saw stars! “We’re having a Pup!” Bruce cried finally setting Tony back down on his feet, “Oh My God this is fantastic!”Tony wanted to reply, he really did, but he was caught between laughing and crying, looking down at the rest of the tests he found that the last three had also turned positive, there was no denying this now, one could be a false reading but not six “Master Wayne, is everything alright?” Alfred asked, coming into the bedroom, “I heard you shouting”“Yeah Bruce, what’s up?” Dick asked, he was staying over at the mansion that night, having given Bruce back up as Robin, instead of flying solo as Night Wing “Shall I tell them?” Bruce asked quietly “Yeah” Tony whispered, wiping his cheeks and nose, this crying thing was going to get really old really fast. Together they came out of the bathroom and into the bedroom where Alfred and Dick were waiting. “What’s going on?” Dick asked looking between the two Bruce glanced at Tony who nodded and then looked back at Alfred and Dick, “We’re having a pup!”                                                                         ***** Six Weeks Later Alfred and Dick had been as ecstatic as Bruce to the news of Tony’s pregnancy. Pepper, Rhodey, and Peter were the next people they told, and they too were thrilled for the couple. Stephen Strange, when told, simply rolled his eyes and sighed, saying he wondered how much longer it would take for Tony to figure it out!Bruce Banner, who’d staying on in New York since the War congratulated them, as did Carol Danvers and Lucious Fox. While they told their friends and family about the pregnancy, they decided, or rather Tony insisted that no one else be told until he was past twenty four weeks, when the Pups would have at least some chance of survival outside the uterus, and yes, it was Pups, plural. The first scan revealed that Tony was carrying Twins, very healthy twins in fact. Though while he had been assured of this, and been given every test there was to ensure that there wasn’t anything at all wrong with the Pups, Tony was still scared of something going wrong. He was very nearly fifty, not an optimum age to be having his first litter. That made this a high risk pregnancy, with him being more likely to develop complications than someone ten or twenty years younger.  Since his protective instincts had just about quadrupled, Bruce was all in favour of keeping the news to themselves.Tony immediately took a leave of absence from field work as Iron Man. For one thing he wouldn’t be able to fit into the suit soon, and more importantly he wasn’t going to do anything to risk the Pups. So for the duration of the pregnancy and the first year after t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Bruce Wayne/Tony Stark
one sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Mild Peter Parker/Dick Grayson
Clark Kent/Lex Luthor

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Bruce Wayne
Omega Tony Stark
Mpreg
Post Avengers Infinity Wars
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
not wanda maximoff friendly
Alpha Steve Rogers
Jealous Steve Rogers
BAMF Bruce Wayne
Abduction
Civil War Team Iron Man
Tony Has Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Hydra
Good guy Lex
Superhero Lex
Protective Justice League
Tony is the JL Omega and they love him
Sentient Household appliances because its Tony
Any trolls who comment will either be ignored or made fun of

fandom: 
Bruce Wayne/Tony Stark
one sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Mild Peter Parker/Dick Grayson
Clark Kent/Lex Luthor

