Chapter 1: The Arrival of the Space Vikings
    




Chapter Text


Chapter I - The Arrival of the Space Vikings

The situation is so utterly surreal, so far removed from everything he ever thought possible - and that is saying a lot, what with the whole being a superhero thing and having a big green rage monster for a best buddy - Tony Stark would have laughed if the three bearded, armour-clad and weapon-clasping men hadn’t looked so serious about their quest.
“So, let me get this straight,” Tony says slowly, trying to summarise the events of the past ten minutes into a few coherent sentences that don’t sound completely mad and ridiculous. Which turns out to be harder than expected because, frankly, everything about this entire scenario is absolutely mad and ridiculous. “You’re telling me that, for his actions against the people of Earth five years ago, Loki has been brought to trial and sentenced to a lifetime of slavery to be served under me? That about right?” 
His attempt to put emphasis on the most ludicrous parts of the three Asgardians’ message in order to point out just how not on all of this is seems to fall flat, going by the expression on the face of the guy holding the parchment, the fucking contract of ownership, for Tony to sign. 
“Yes, Man of Iron, that is the reason for our visit to your realm,” he nods, pushing the document at Tony who takes a step back and very pointedly does not accept the damn thing. The black-bearded Viking frowns at him, obviously perplexed by the blatant refusal. 
Tony holds up his hands, palms facing away from himself, and gives a vigorous shake of his head. “Yeah, no. Absolutely not.”
“We do not understand, Man of Iron,” the Viking ventures carefully, staring down at the parchment with a slight frown creasing his bushy brows. “Are the conditions lain down in this contract by the Allfather not pleasing to you?”
“No, of course they’re fucking not!” Tony explodes at them. The Asgardians look taken aback by the sudden outburst and Tony groans, heaving a heavy sigh and pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. Only him. Why him?  “Here on Earth we have these fancy little things called human rights which apply to every single person on the whole planet. Granted, you might not technically be human, but slavery is not something we do here in America. It’s a big no-no, okay?” 
“The will of the Allfather carries more weight than Midgardian law,” pipes up Viking Yellow-Teeth, as Tony immediately, and with a slightly disgusted nose-wrinkle, dubs him after he opens his mouth. 
“Well,” Tony gives an indignant, final sniff and a little shrug, petulantly crossing his arms over his chest, “I refuse. You can’t just beam your asses into my living room and expect me to be all jolly and cheerful about your weird, twisted ideas of justice and punishment.”
Yellow-Teeth gives a shrug of his own in return. It’s Bushy-Brows who speaks up again. “It is in your rights to refuse this offering, although we are instructed to inform you of the consequences should you decide to do so.” 
“Yeah, whatever. Lay it on and let’s get this over with,” Tony says and makes an impatient ‘get on with it’ motion with his hand. This is not something he’s equipped to deal with first thing on a Sunday morning before his first cup of coffee. No, scratch that, this is not something he’s equipped or willing to deal with ever.
And what if some feathers get ruffled by his noncompliance? He can live with some old alien king having a grudge, big whoop. He’ll let Fury and his S.H.I.E.L.D. monkeys deal with whatever repercussions his actions might have. No one can honestly expect him to go along with this insanity. 
“Very well,” Bushy-Brows begins, breaking Tony out of his thoughts and bringing him back to the present. He unrolls the parchment and clears his throat, apparently going all in for the full dramatic reveal. Tony merely rolls his eyes at the display. “Should the Man of Iron refuse to accept the offering of slave tveir-fjórir-níu-níu-fimm, formerly known as Loki Odinson, being passed over into his servitude, the Allfather, ruler of all nine realms, wishes to express his sincere regret for having burdened the Man of Iron with the sentence he bestowed upon slave tveir-fjórir-níu-níu-fimm. In case of refusal, the handover committee will return the prisoners to Asgard for execution. The Allfather wishes to-“
“Wait! Okay, stop it right there, big guy,” Tony cuts in sharply, eyes having grown impossibly wide. “I can’t have heard that right. Execution?”
Bushy-Brow gives an unperturbed nod. “Failing to be of further use to their master for any reason whatsoever results in the termination of the prisoners. Should you not wish to keep the prisoners, they will be taken back to Asgard for execution and we leave you with our apologies for having wasted your time, Man of Iron.”
Tony narrows his eyes, throwing the three Vikings a highly suspicious look. “You keep saying prisoners. Like, plural. More than one.” 
“Indeed,” a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Johnny Storm
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Slavery
Slave Loki
Unwilling Master Tony
Tony Feels
Loki Feels
Loki Angst
Loki Needs a Hug
Drama
Psychological Trauma
Injury Recovery
Loki's Punishments
FrostIron - Freeform
Past Torture
Past Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Forced Pregnancy
Past Mpreg
Suffering
Healing
Magic
Eventual Fluff
Past Sexual Abuse
Mild Sexual Content
caring Tony
Poor Loki
Asgard handles their criminals very differently
NOTHING IS AS IT SEEMS
everything is twisted
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark Friendship
Slow Burn
Romance
Parenthood
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Mental Health Issues
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Johnny Storm
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

