Chapter 1: Trial by combat
    


Summary:

“Oh, there's certainly no need to fret about that.” Loki's lips pulled up into a wolfish smile with far too many teeth. “I intend to prove that I am perfectly capable of defeating the Avengers on my own.”





Chapter Text
The battle had only just begun when Tony landed on the quiet street in Queens, touching down in front of an average looking apartment building. He drew a lot of attention as he headed in, but his mind was focused on the task at hand and he ignored the smartphones that were shoved in his face. He considered the elevator but there was only the one and it was already halfway up and still rising– he didn’t have time to wait. So he went for the stairwell and was gratified to find that it was the open kind, allowing him to shoot straight to the top floor.In moments he was walking the hallway, counting doors. The elevator dinged but Tony took no notice, coming to a stop in front of the door he remembered Peter listing as a location of a sleepover. He raised his still gauntleted fist to knock, but before he could—“Tony?”“Shit,” Tony cursed, reluctantly turning to the fully uniformed super soldier approaching from the elevator down the hall. “I mean– hi, Cap, what’re you doing here?”“The same as you, I imagine,” Steve replied, his frown visible even under his cowl. “I was here first. Stand down, Iron Man.”“No way,” Tony snapped. “I think you’ll find that I was here first—““I can’t fly, that’s not fair,” Steve cut in.Tony sighed, not wanting to argue. Neither of them had the time.“Together, then?” he asked. Steve nodded, though of course they continued to push and shove to be the one standing in the front of the door when it opened. There was no response until Tony yelled– “If you don’t open the door I’m going to blow it in, just you watch me!”“You can’t do that,” Steve gasped, and okay he was probably right, but hey, it worked.“All right, all right!” a voice squeaked from the other side. “Please don’t destroy my apartment, my Mom will kill me!”“See, he’s just a kid,” Steve growled.“He’s not just a kid,” Tony snapped back. “It’s in here, I know it!”The door opened slowly, the safety chain still in place. Tony caught a glimpse of dark hair and brown eyes wide with equal parts awe and fear as the boy realised he had both Iron Man and Captain America at his door.“Oh god,” the teen groaned. “It’s you. It’s… it’s both of you.”“Give it up, kid,” said Tony. “I know you’ve got it.”“I don’t have anything,” the kid said immediately. “My Mom’s not even home, you know, she’s at work. And Mr Iron Man, sir, I think you’ve got the wrong house, anyway. Try 6b, they have some weird stuff over there.”The kid tried to close the door, but Tony placed his hand in the gap to stop it.“Son,” Steve said, pushing Tony over to get a better look. “Mr Leeds, isn’t it?”“Oh,” said Peter’s friend Ned, his eyes widening impossibly further. “You look so much bigger in person.”Tony, having managed to find the absolutely iconic PSA videos on YouTube some months earlier, couldn’t hold back the short laugh. Steve reddened under his cowl, and Tony took the opportunity to push him out of the way once again.“Look, we know you have what we're looking for,” Tony said. “I don’t want to break down your door, but I will.”“You guys take these things way too seriously,” Ned said.Tony raised his free hand. “I’m not kidding,” he warned. “Last chance.”“Okay, okay,” Ned gave in, and Tony pulled his hand away so that Ned could take the safety chain off the door. “I swear, though, you’re mixed up, Mr Stark. Peter didn’t give me anything—““I’m pretty sure I didn’t mention Peter at all,” said Tony, turning to Steve. “Did I mention Peter?”“No,” said Steve good-naturedly, though he didn’t refrain from rolling his eyes. “Look, Ned. Just give me what I’m after, and I’ll give you a signed copy of those limited edition trading cards Peter told me you wanted—““Hey, don’t take bribes from him,” Tony cut in. “I’m the one with the funds, here. And I’m the one who got you those Avengers posters, remember?”“Really,” said Ned, finally opening the door all the way and holding out his hands as if in surrender. “I don’t have any—“He was interrupted by a crash coming from somewhere in the apartment behind him, the sound heartbreakingly recognisable.“Crap,” said Tony. “Someone else is here.”Ned paled but Tony paid him no attention and pushed past him, Steve hot on his heels. They charged through the messy living room and headed straight for the small bedroom on the other side, skidding to a stop in the doorway.“Oh god,” Ned said again, peeking over Tony’s shoulder.“Goddamn it,” Tony swore, and the fact that Steve didn’t even call him out on it proved the seriousness of the situation.Loki was standing amongst the remains of the Lego Death Star he had just smashed on the ground, his lips curving up into a smile.“Sorry, dearest,” he said, raising his hand to show them the red and blue flag clasped between his fingers. “You were jus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
infinity war fix-it
Fluff
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Thanos (Marvel) Dies
The Avengers are a team
Established Relationship
Canon-Typical Violence
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Infinity Stones
Tony Being Tony
Excessive use of Capture the Flag

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

