Work Text:
 Peter yawned as he listened to the professor as much as he could. He tried so hard to fight off his drowsiness all the while scolded himself about missing sleep… again. Really, this wasn’t healthy anymore. He barely slept and ate because of his patrolling. Actually, last night’s failure of resting wasn’t permissible since he ended patrolling hours ago and yet he didn’t immediately went home and rest.The reason for that was simple… well, not that simple. Although, Peter wished it was.Alright, so the reason was… drum roll please! He announced in his mind and he drummed his fingers on the desk.The reason was Deadpool.Yep. That guy. Merc with a mouth. That regeneratin’ degenerate. That alpha who won’t stop flirting with him. That alpha who didn’t conform to societal norms when it comes to gender because even when Spider-Man was an omega –who’s very proud of it and didn’t feel the need to hide; Deadpool never made him feel like he’s something that should be coddled nor should be taken easy of.Of course there were times when a baddy landed quite a hard hit on him and Deadpool became more… aggressive and may hit the culprit harder than he should. But Peter reckoned it’s because they’re friends and really you’d want to get even with anyone who hits your friend.
“He likes you.” 
Peter remembered Wolverine telling him out of the blue while the older man flexed his arm muscles to push out the bullets from his biceps and honestly, the omega can’t figure out what’s more unsettling: the act itself, or the fact that he’s used to seeing that stuff since he’s hung out with Deadpool one too many times for him to earn his achievement of “This is disgusting but I’m a professional”.The brunette threw himself back to that conversation rather than paying attention to the lecture of their class. Their topic was History of Courting and Mating Instinct.  Basically, it’s sex ed in college form and Peter didn’t have enough neurons working right now for him to handle that once more.So he’d rather remember his talk with Wolverine because it’s rare for the older man to initiate any conversation with him. 
 They just finished a fight with terrorists who managed to get a tech that brought fossils back to life, thus the need to call more help AKA the X-Men with the special participation of Deadpool. The red-clad alpha joined the fray with his battle cry of: “I can’t let my future wifey be eaten by dinos!”Thank god Peter’s blush was hidden by his Spidey mask or else he’d die of embarrassment from the looks of the other heroes.He ordered Deadpool to behave which the alpha followed obediently and they proceeded to handle the situation.All that led up to where they were now. The terrorists either dead or captured and the dinosaurs returning back to their original state of lifeless bones.  More than some were destroyed and so the museum curators threw a fit but Iron Man and Dr. Strange tried to negotiate something for them while the other heroes tended to the damages, the injured, and in Wolverine’s case, tended his own wounds.Peter wanted to aid him since the older man used himself more than one time as a human shield for the others, including Spider-Man, when the going got too much. He wanted to subject the want of caring as guilt or gratefulness rather than his instinct as an omega to care and nurture.To distract himself, Peter yammered along with his topic from about the day’s mission to his late night excursions with Deadpool AKA the merc’s invitations of friendly spars with him –which grew alarmingly often nowadays. Only when Wolverine suddenly spoke did he stop.“He likes you.”That made the young omega snort. “Deadpool? Oh I’m sure he does.” He replied sarcastically. Long had he filed away Deadpool’s flirting as something the alpha did to anyone. It wasn’t anything exclusive…Oh wow, telling himself that kind of hurts.And no. He didn’t like Deadpool that way. Sure the guy’s funny, respectful in a way, a good listener, and really attractive like wow he’s tall and built and just wow. Peter didn’t mind the scars, in fact it adds to his look and the omega in him was pleased at them as it registered as a symbol of the alpha’s strength and resiliency to endure all that.Okay fine so there’s a little crush there but who can blame him? He’s a young omega, 21 years of age, unmated, not in any relationship, and suddenly this very suitable alpha swooped in making him feel like an equal citizen rather than a docile, meek, and weak omega who needed to be doted on or be a mere object for sexual gratification.But that’s the way Deadpool was. “He flirts with anyone. Hell, I bet he even flirted with you at some point!”  Peter joked and Wolverine snorted a laugh.“He did.”“Whoa really?!”“Yep.” The alpha smirked at him then he gave a look of solemnity, as if studying him. “But with you it’s… different. I can tell.” Spider-Man was about to interject but Wolverine cut him off. “Don’t get me wrong, I know Wade flirts with any living being, actually scra
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade Wilson
Oblivious Peter Parker
mentions of mpreg
intersex omega
not that you'll see some genital action
Fluff and Humor
Wade Wilson Loves Peter Parker
Protective Wade
Love Confessions
Friends to Lovers
mild animalistic behavior
Identity Reveal
spidey sense cant sense wade's love

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

