Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The final thaw -- at least he hoped, and if he'd been a religious man would have prayed -- found James waking in a warm bed in the sunlight, which was unexpected."My Ma used to say sunlight was the best soap," he said, then blinked at the sound of his voice saying it. He wasn't used to waking up with his memory intact."Well, ultraviolet radiation does have its benefits," said a voice, and a young woman smiled at him. On instinct he smiled back, going for cocky and charming. By the indulgently skeptical look on her face, he wasn't making the impression he'd hoped."Why am I out?" he asked, instead of trying to carry it off."Making sure you're clear," the young woman said. "How do you feel?""Tired," he said. "Clear?""We hope," she said. He was in a bed in a courtyard somewhere, and he noticed several women behind her with what he knew were the postures of soldiers. "Subconscious subliminal and neurochemical reprogramming.""Oh," he said, nodding sagely."We fixed you while you were asleep," she translated. "I'd like to test it, if you don't mind.""How?"She held up a slip of paper. His trigger sequence was on it, in his own hand.He glanced from her to the soldiers, then nodded."Zhelaniye. Rzhavyy. Semnadtsat'. Rassvet. Pech'. Devyat'. Dobroserdechnyy. Vozvrashcheniye na rodinu. Odin. Gruzovoy vagon," she read aloud, stopping after each one to check him. It was agonizing, the anticipation, and it made him feel shaky and breathe shallow. But when she was done, he didn't feel anything: no time skips, no involuntary obedience. Just him on a bed in the sunshine, the girl, and the soldiers."Nothing," he said, and the girl pumped an arm in victory before composing herself. Behind her, one of the older women accepted what looked like coins from several younger ones."I'm Shuri," the girl added, offering her hand. "No point in introducing myself before now if you were just going to forget me.""James Barnes," he replied. "You're a scientist here?"She seemed pleased. "Yes," she said. "I am."***T'Challa was less pleased. "There was a reason I kept you away from him," he said to Shuri, pacing around the room. "But he's not dangerous anymore," Shuri pointed out. "And anyway, I had guards." "But he could have been. You haven't seen how fast he moves, almost as fast as me. He could've had you by the throat before even the best warrior could draw breath.""But he didn't."T'Challa made a frustrated noise. "I fixed him," Shuri said, obviously bewildered by his anger. "It wasn't so difficult. It didn't even take much time, relatively speaking -- ""You think I care how much time it took?" T'Challa asked. "I thought you'd be pleased! You're friends with the big white weirdo, I thought fixing the other one would be nice! A kind gesture!" T'Challa pinched the bridge of his nose. "Shuri. This isn't about Rogers or Barnes. This is about you.""Could have fooled me," she said sullenly, and T'Challa began to develop a greater appreciation for his parents' patience when he was at her age. "Father is dead," he said, trying to explain this, because he suspected his father's inability to talk about certain things had led to many of the problems he now faced as king. "In the last year, in the last month, I have lost friends, too, and advisors. People died in the struggle between our people. I have lost so much, Shuri, and I cannot lose you as well!" "But you didn't," she said, now sounding hurt as well as bewildered. "But I could have. I'm angry because I'm scared," he admitted, but he admitted it angrily, so at least she didn't laugh at him. "I didn't like knowing that you went into battle but I accepted it because Wakanda was in need, and we have responsibilities as the royal family. If you had been hurt by some...some soldier from a past war, some outside interloper who means nothing to Wakanda -- ""He's a person," Shuri said quietly. "I know that! I let him stay, didn't I? But I would not trade your life for his." "I wasn't aware you were in charge of my life to trade it away." "Bast preserve us all," T'Challa muttered. "That's what Father used to say when he didn't have a good argument," Shuri pointed out. "Why yell at me now? It's done, and nobody died.""Because if I don't yell at you now, you'll just do something equally dangerous and think I don't care," he said. "I know you care. That hasn't stopped me.""Well, maybe it will at least make you pause and think," T'Challa said, dropping onto the bench next to her. She leaned into him, and he cradled her head against his shoulder. "What will you do with him now?" T'Challa asked."It's not up to me.""Well, you're the one who woke him up. He's your responsibility now." "He's not a rhinoceros, I can't keep him as a pet." "You cannot keep a rhinoceros as a pet either. They're war animals," T'Challa said. "Impuku is too small and too dumb to be a war animal. Okoye said so.""You can't have a pet rhinoceros." T'Challa untangled himself gently and stood up. "The white boy will
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Shuri
(friendship)

freeform: 
Goat Farm
how great is it that there's a goat farm tag?
Bucky Barnes Recovering
rhinoceros
Wakanda
the freshest of memes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Shuri
(friendship)

