Work Text:
It wasn’t as though Tony Stark really had much of a chance, not when it came to soulmates and buying into all the propaganda. Sure, he heard the stories growing up, he was born with a mark like the vast majority of the population, he knew about the concept and when he was young, it seemed like a great thought.But reality caught up to him pretty quickly, and like with other things, he had to grow up fast. He was a child of the media, and an unfortunately lucky shot of what should have been a private moment when he was just ten years old, combined with the annoyingly prominent back-of-the-shoulder placement of his mark, meant that the entire world knew exactly what his looked like.So, at just ten, there was already talk of setting him up with someone, of turning the incident to their advantage. He was the heir to the Stark fortune and company, already a certified genius guaranteed to carry on and improve on his father’s work. The rest of his life would be spent in the middle of various business and political battles, and here was a hard lesson in the fact that in that world, even the most personal details should be seen only as potential tools to use to one’s advantage. He learned it fast, and he learned it well. They didn’t end up setting up some sort of false relationship or arranged marriage, but by the time that decision was made, Tony had accepted its inevitability.He was just fourteen the first time he encountered someone willing to fake the mark to be with him. A girl four years older than him, beautiful and cunning and willing to give him the kind of attention he craved after a childhood spent around wealthy, busy parents who, for all he was sure that they—or Maria, at least, Howard he was honestly unsure about—loved him, often couldn’t be bothered to spend time with him. His soulmate, his destined match, and she was wonderful to him.So he dated Jackie for three months, during which she received plenty of media attention and access to his wealth. Howard didn’t have anything to say about her except a warning to Tony not to do anything stupid with her. Tony could tell that his mother quietly disapproved of Jackie, but what was he supposed to do? They were soulmates. When the artist friend who’d been keeping up the carefully inked mark on her skin unexpectedly left town for a week, and the pattern on her arm smudged itself after a shower, the only thing Tony could feel proud of was the fact that he managed not to cry until after she’d packed up her stuff and left with little more than a shrug and a chagrined expression for having been found out. He locked himself in his room and cried for more than an hour after that. He’d lost his virginity to her, been thinking he was genuinely in love and had found his life partner, and apparently to her, he’d been nothing but a game that was fun while it lasted. His father’s lack of surprise and stern lecture on wasting time with her that night tore at his heart, but he was long out of tears by then.He left for MIT less than two months later. Pitiful as it was, getting trashed at a frat party and nearly taken advantage of by several girls in their twenties, being dragged home by his new roommate, confessing the entire story with Jackie and crying some more, then throwing up on said roommate turned out to be the christening of their friendship. “Jim” became “Rhodey” after that night. Though he’d never let Tony forget the spectacular barfing part of the incident, he also never mentioned the sniveling depression, and he was just about the only person on the planet Tony trusted not to judge him for his feelings regarding the whole soulmate thing.Over his years at MIT, he met several more people—mostly women, but one or two men too—with fake versions of his soulmark. They showed various levels of commitment; one of them was a real, permanent tattoo. He soon developed a system of avoidance: when people approached the topic of soulmates in conversation in any way, whether it seemed like they were leading up to revealing a fake matching mark or not, he would go off on a long, winding speech about the science behind soulmates and how little sense it made that any patch of dermal discoloration present at birth could really tell if two people were compatible once they developed into mature adults shaped by their experiences. He would go on at length about not believing in soulmates, and if the pessimism didn’t drive them off, the rapid science talk would. It’s not like it was untrue. By their second year there, Tony was more than done with the whole idea. People would fake it to get close to him, to use him like Jackie had. After a lot of thought on the subject, he came to the conclusion that the entire thing was a giant placebo effect. After all, if Jackie’s secret had never been revealed, he’d have really spent his life with her—at least, assuming she never got bored and abandoned him—happily ignorant and convinced that he really did love her. That must be what othe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
other Avengers and canon characters briefly present
soulmate rejection
Author is Bitter
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve Friendly
Lots of Angst
followed eventually by fluff

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

