Chapter 1: The Fugitive
    




Chapter Text
We all know that feeling. When it seems like the entire world is wrapped up in some craze and you’re the only person who doesn’t want to hear about it. All of your friends are obsessed with a new band that you don’t care about and you’re forced to listen to them talking on and on, day in day out. Now take that same situation, and imagine that one of those band members was also your dickhead ex, and you might have some idea of what Bucky’s entire life was like.The problem is, it’s not just some band. It’s not just a little fad that you can easily avoid, because there’s not a single person in the country who doesn’t have strong opinions about Captain America. It’s not even like he can say anything to people. How do you drop the news that you once dated America’s shining hero, let alone tell people that he was an asshole? “I know Captain America saved the entire planet like five times, but he’s also a jackass and I hate him” is just not a statement that would go down well with the general population. Sure, there were tons of “anti-Captain America” forums online filled with people who shared his unsavoury views, but those people also happened to be neo-Nazis, and frankly Bucky would sooner rip his remaining arm off than interact with a single one of them. So instead he was doomed to a life of isolation, forced to listen to everyone singing his praises. Cursed to be the only man on the face of this earth who knew what an absolute garbage monster he really was. Of course, most days it was bearable. Most days the avengers weren’t causing some kind of drama. Most days people weren’t talking about them. Today was not one of those days.His birthday had started ordinarily enough, waking up and immediately inhaling a tuft of cat fur. Choking, he frantically shoved the cat off his face and sat upright, coughing and heaving on the bed. After what felt like an eternity, the scratching in his throat eased and he sat back against the bed frame, looking wearily down at his attacker.Star looked fairly pleased with himself, rolling onto his back on the mattress and looking up at him. He’d adopted Star from a shelter almost six years ago after being told by multiple people that cats could help relieve anxiety. He hadn’t been particularly convinced, but after falling in love with the little grey and white ragdoll, he figured it was worth a shot. Had Star helped alleviate a few problems? Sure. But now he had a whole list of new problems, such as waking up in the morning with a fluffy tail in his mouth. Still, fur in the throat was a small price to pay for someone to talk to in his usually quiet apartment.“What have I told you about sleeping on my face?” He asked sternly. “How many times do we have to have this conversation, pal?”Star just stared at him, not a single trace of remorse on his evil, adorable face. Yawning, Bucky reached over to the bedside table and grabbed his notepad, scanning his first few reminders for the day.

Feed Star
Breakfast
Work at 8:30
Tossing the notepad onto the duvet, he shooed Star away and swung his legs out of bed, sliding his feet into his slippers and pottering sleepily to the bathroom. He splashed some water on his face to wake himself up and stared at his reflection in the mirror. He’d long since accepted that his dark circles were just a genetic thing, but they looked particularly pronounced today. Sighing to himself, he opened the medicine cabinet and searched for his concealer. It was a disgusting, crusty looking pot that he’d bought at least 5 years ago and always forgot to replace, but hey, he’d spent a whole $6 on it and he was damn well going to get his money’s worth out of it. The concealer didn’t do much to cover anything up, probably because it was about 3 years out of date, but his dark circles didn’t look quite so dark now. Setting the pot down, he grabbed his hairbrush to try and tackle his hair, which was currently hanging in long, tangled strands in his face. Five minutes of brushing left it standing on end and sticking in all directions, so he pulled it back into a bun and left it be, brushing his teeth and walking out to the kitchen.Star was sat by his water bowl when he got there, meowing up at him impatiently. Bucky looked down at the bone dry bowl and frowned, a twinge of guilt shooting through his stomach as he realised he’d forgotten to fill it last night.“Fuck, I’m sorry, bud.” He said as he took it over to the sink to fill it. “Guess that’s why you were being a pain earlier, huh?”Star just rubbed against his leg, chirping happily when Bucky set the bowl down next to him and lapping the water up enthusiastically. He watched him for a little while before grabbing the cat food from the cabinet and filling Star’s food bowl, then grabbing his own bowl and heading back over to where he kept the cereal. If it weren’t for his bottle of meds being right next to the cereal, he would have forgotten to take them, and he cursed himself out
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Break Up
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Steve Rogers Has Issues
OP Has Issues
Everyone Has Issues
Fluff and Angst
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

