Work Text:

Steve slumped into the chair Wong offered him, resisting the urge to groan as his aching muscles protested. There was a not insignificant part of him that yearned for the compound, to go back home with the others and rest. What he wouldn't give for a night in his own bed, if he even had one anymore.

It had all been a blur after the battle in Wakanda. They'd gathered up the few who were still alive, taped back together the many who were injured. Everyone else was… gone.

Bucky was gone.

Tony was gone.

Steve had nothing left. Home would be barren and cold. As much as he wanted to be there, to curl up under a blanket that smelled like Tony's laundry soap and go to sleep and never come out again, in practice, it would only hurt more. All he had left now was doing something. Trying. That was all he ever had. 

"There's nothing we can do," Wong said, and Steve's heart sunk. "I have nothing."

"Nothing, really?" 

The Sanctorum was broken and battered, a giant crater had been blown through most of the stairs. But Wong had a small office upstairs that was undamaged, and when Steve had shown up at the door and knocked, Wong had gestured him upstairs through a portal he'd made. The room around them was dark - no power in most of the city - and smelled like burnt dust and ozone. It occured to Steve, that it was odd that Wong could use magic, but he hadn't bothered to clean up his home.

"Nothing," Steve repeated with a sigh. "Who do I go to next?"

Wong eyed him up for a moment, considering. "Dr. Strange."

"Strange is dead. He died with Tony and Spider-Man," Steve grit out, doing his level best not to stutter around Tony's name. 

"Yes. He's dead. Now." Wong leaned back in his chair. "What would you do to save this world from Thanos' attack? What would you sacrifice?"

"Anything," Steve said. "Anything at all."

Wong considered him for a moment, expression unreadable. "There's one thing, maybe." He opened a small unassuming drawer in his desk and took out two simple-looking ceramic coins. He set them in front of Steve.

"What do they do?"

"They're used for time travel."

Steve looked up at him sharply. "I thought only the Eye could do that?"

"Only the Eye can do that reliably, safely," Wong agreed. "These are neither reliable nor safe."

"I don't care if it's dangerous. I'll do anything." He reached for them then stilled his hand, in case he set them off accidentally. "How do they work?"

Wong raised an eyebrow. "Shouldn't you know what you're agreeing to first?" When Steve didn't answer, Wong set his fingertip on one of the coins - the one with a large X scraped into it. "Break one and you go back in time. Break the other and you come back to the present again," he explained. "When you're in the past, you can change it. But there are three risks. The first is that you don't know how your changes will affect the future; you could make it worse."

Steve snorted. "I'm not sure that's possible."

"Wouldn't it be nice," Wong said, "if that were true."

Steve resisted the sudden urge to bare his teeth and growl. He'd lost so much; it was hard to imagine things could be worse any worse. He didn't want to.

"The second risk is that the coins are temperamental and not designed to be used by humans, especially ones without magical skills.The travel won't be pleasant, and I can't promise you'll end up where you want to." 

"Why don't you use them? If it requires magic?"

Wong hummed thoughtfully. "I have the skill, but not the constitution. I would almost certainly be killed by the travel alone. But you, you have a good chance at survival. Better than me, anyway." 

Steve nodded. That was a risk he took every time he put the suit on, picked up the shield. It hardly crossed his mind to be afraid. He was always looking down death's barrel. "What's the third risk?"

Wong looked sad for the first time. "There's a price to pay. When you return to the future, the changes you made will ripple forward from the past, but, now, there will be two instances of you. The one of you who travelled back -" he pointed at Steve "- and then the one of you who lives on from the altered past."

"There will be two of me?"

"Of course not. Don't be preposterous." Wong rolled his eyes. "Those two versions of you need to coalesce, so they will, but the price you must pay is that both of those men will live inside you."

Steve's lip curled. That didn't sound… pleasant.

"You'll have both sets of memories, and when the new past hits your current future, well, I've heard it's a very unpleasant process."

"I'll remember two lives?"

"Yes. And you'll be the only one who does. You'll be the sole keeper of a dead and forgotten timeline, regardless of whether things are better or worse. You'll have to carry that with you forever." Wong leaned forward over the desk, eyes fixed on Steve. "I can't ask you to take that on, you have to choose it. There were never many of these coins in existence, and as far as I know this set is the last, but from w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
The Avengers (2012) - Freeform
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Time Travel
Fix-It
Time Travel Fix-It
Angst
a lot of Steve angst
Happy Ending
Canonical Character Death
Presumed Dead
Pining
Possibly Unrequited Love
Alternate Timelines
Steve Rogers Feels

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

