Chapter 1: Government
    




Chapter Text
There exists a line between benevolent protectiveness and creepy-ass stalker behavior. Tony Stark is aware of this, and he’s going to get right on the project of figuring out where that line is, he swears. It’s just that the line is a bit of a moving target, and he’s a busy man. Lots to do, lots on his plate. He’ll get to it, though. 
As soon as Peter Parker is safely installed in a retirement home with round-the-clock supervision, he’ll get right on it. 
~~~~~
The bitch of it is that he wasn’t wrong about the Sokovia Accords. Not entirely wrong, anyway, and considering Tony’s track record, he’s going to count that as a win. They do need accountability, and public support, and the goodwill of the nations of the world. The idea was good. 
The implementation is shit. 
The problem was, he’d been thinking Avengers-level when they were debating the whole mess, and yeah, when you’re dealing with people like Captain America and Scarlet Witch, you need all the bells and whistles. He hadn’t really stopped to consider what it could all mean when applied to fifteen-year-old nerds who mostly used their mutant powers to rescue kittens from sewers and whatever else. 
Thaddeus Ross had, though. The Accords are quite clear when it comes to superpowered vigilantes and the consequences of their actions. Ross wants to get his hands on Spider-Man, make an example of him one way or the other, and Tony’s not about to offer up the information that the dangerous vigilante Ross is after won’t be old enough to sign legal documents for himself for several years yet. 
But, see, there’s a problem. (There always is.) This time, it’s the fact that Tony had been in such a rush to outfit the kid in something more protective than a pair of pajamas with a carefully Sharpie’d-on spider decal that he’d neglected to be - how would Pepper put it? Subtle?
That would probably cover it. 
So yeah, he may have basically wrapped the kid up in a banner labeled “Property of Stark Industries - Do Not Touch” and then been seen with him in a few well-publicized places (note to self: Staten Island Ferry not entirely inconspicuous location for chewing out a misbehaving Spider-kid.) He makes mistakes. He’s only human. 
(Peter might not be, though, or not quite. Tony is afraid of what they’ll find if they start poking him with needles and taking DNA samples. He doesn’t want to think about that.)
Ross sends a letter when Tony won’t ever answer his calls. It’s short and sweet. Well, it’s short. They want the kid’s identity so they can encourage him into compliance with the Accords. Tony lets his bots set it on fire and have their fun putting it out. 
There’s another letter the next week, less short and more demanding. It reminds him of the penalties for non-signatory parties who engage in vigilante activities. Tony stares at it blankly, trying not to picture Peter - eager, enthusiastic, heart-on-his-damned-sleeve Peter - being hauled off to the Raft. 
“Hey, Mr. Stark!”
Tony crumples the letter and has to physically restrain himself from shoving it in his mouth to destroy the evidence by eating it. That never works, anyway, and is wildly suspicious. He swings around lazily in his chair and tosses the crumpled ball over his shoulder and into a wastebasket without a second glance. “Hey, kid. Did Scary Aunt May remember to pack you some juice boxes and goldfish crackers this time?” That earns him a scowl that’s trying very hard not to break into a smile around the corners, and he’ll count that as another win, thanks. Kids and their crazy, radioactive-spider-related hormones, right? You never know what you’re going to be dealing with. 
He shoves some of the clutter aside to make room, and Peter bounds into the lab to join him like an overenthusiastic puppy on steroids. It’s not what he ever expected his workshop time to look like, for sure, but he’s put up with Dummy and U for long enough that Peter is no hardship. Tony can scarcely pinpoint when this started - when the kid had wormed his way into Tony’s living spaces and work areas until he had access unmatched by anyone but Rhodey- but it had, and now he has a once-in-a-while companion whose company he doesn’t object to. 
Peter spends the evening making web fluid in quantities that frankly scare Tony a little and alternating between studied silences and cheerful chatter until the thunderous rumbling of his stomach makes it impossible for either of them to ignore the time anymore. They burn a few frozen pizzas while Tony complains about the difficulty of getting anyone to deliver decent takeout to the compound, and Peter eats it anyway with the cheerful equanimity of a teenage boy who doesn’t really taste his food in his rush to eat. 
Peter’s in a strangely quiet mood over dinner, and Tony is left to carry the conversational ball, which is fine except he hates it. They’ve covered all the important topics by the time Peter’s satiated: May (she’s fine), Peter’s friends (they’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Families of Choice
Protective Tony Stark
He tries so hard
Mild Hurt/Comfort
showing love through million dollar engineering projects
Electrocution
Sensory Overload
Hurt Peter Parker
5+1 Things
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Irondad
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Anxiety
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Infinity War spoilers - last chapter only
Grief/Mourning
I’m so sorry

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark

