Work Text:
   Newsflash, Peter Parker makes awful decisions. Fucking awful decisions that has him screaming internally 'oh-shit-why-did-I-do-that', like the time at the carnival with Ned and he went on the huge rollercoaster after eating approximately twenty-three churros. Or that time when he thought it would be a cool idea to test out his newest web fluid on himself, and ended up with his left hand attached to his algebra textbook for four hours (he had to pretend that he was carrying it intentionally around the house with him, much to May's confusion).   Peter leans forward to take his mug, taking a sip of coffee; trying his hardest to come off casual-- it doesn't work, judging by the odd looks the businessmen keep throwing towards him. Or maybe it's just because there's a sixteen year old in this meeting room in Stark Tower, sitting around a table otherwise filled with entrepreneurs and business executives; waiting for Tony Stark to begin his project presentation.   Yeah. Maybe that's why.   Peter gulps down another mouthful of hot-- scorching, ow-- coffee. Bad decisions.
   "Wow, how did you guys know to come early?" Tony exclaims, striding in as though he's not twenty minutes late to what could be a million-dollar business deal with the hugest smile on his face. The little shit. He glances around the table (eyes swiftly skipping over Peter) then stations himself in front of the screen. Most of them already look completely exasperated-- one woman presses her lips together so hard they turn white-- but because it's Tony Stark everybody keeps quiet. "Alrighty then. Shall we begin?"   With that, the genius clears his throat, and with a simple wave of his hand the blank screen behind him flickers to life, displaying graphs and charts that Peter would be paying much more attention to...
   If it wasn't for the fucking toy in his ass. If just an hour before Tony hadn't rimmed him within an inch of his life, bending him over his workdesk and using that talented tongue of his to leave him a mewling, babbling mess; then pushing a black rubber plug into his spit-slick hole, only to haul him up and press an absolutely filthy kiss to his mouth. Peter had nearly came right then and there, caged between Tony's arms, hands fisted in his silk tie.   "Ton--y, Tony..."   "I love it when you say my name like that, sweetheart," the older man had purred, breath hot against his skin. It drove Peter mad. "You still sure you want to do this?"   "Yeah," Peter stuttered, flushing red and dipping to bury his head into the collar of his suit at the predatory grin on Tony's face.   "Didn't know you were so kinky." Tony's voice is raspy, and when a rough hand reaches up to cradle his cheek Peter met dark, glinted eyes. "Fuck, I don't even know if I'll be able to focus later, knowing you're sitting there all ready for me to take once the meeting's over."
   Now, faced with the sudden realization that he has to sit-- sit, for two whole hours opposite a stoic grey-haired executive who's looking at him weird, Peter's starting to have second thoughts about this. Still a thrill of excitement is humming through his body, knowing that everyone here except for Tony is oblivious of what he's wearing under his jeans. Biting his lip, Peter makes the mistake of shifting his hips as he uncrosses his legs; jolting the plug inside him and pressing it deeper. A breathless moan escapes him, that he quickly smothers with a cough.   Tony's properly into his presentation now, eyes sharp and focused as he discusses the merchandise. Everyone's captivated, hanging on to his every word-- he tends to have that effect on people-- and Tony strides over to the other side of the table, facing the screen with his back towards them. Casually, he dips his hand into the left pocket of his slacks--   Peter nearly screams when the thing in him vibrates. His whole body shudders and a knee slams up into the table, swiveling heads in his direction. He's gripping the edge of his seat hard and blushing so hard the tips of his ears feel on fire as the vibrations send shock waves through his body, hot and electrifying. Then it stops abruptly, and as Peter gasps out a sigh he finally notices that everyone's staring at him. Including Tony, who has the hugest shit-eating grin on his face.   Of course. Only Tony Stark will have a remote controlled sex toy causally lying around; honestly he shouldn't be so surprised. Except that he is totally caught off-guard, and Peter cannot do this. The thought itself that Tony has absolute control over the plug in him even now, that the man can decide to turn it on any moment again-- is enough to bring Peter to the edge; he's leaking all over, already staining his boxers. Awkwardly clearing his throat, he mutters a quiet apology, ducking his bright red face down to examine his pamphlet with sudden interest.   With that Tony continues with his speech that Peter's completely not listening to anymore; all too focused on trying not to come in his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Vibrators
Butt Plugs
Office Sex
Rimming
Semi-Public Sex
Consensual Sex
Daddy Kink
Dirty Talk
Praise Kink
Possessive Tony Stark
Rough Sex
Age Difference
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Table Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

