Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text

Loki yawned, stretching and groaning loudly to annoy his friend Angrboda. “Make sure and stop by that cafe, ‘Boda. I want to get a coffee and a snack.”
 
Angrboda laughed softly, slowing down and pulling into the parking lot of the cafe. “You’re going to get so 

big

 if you keep eating like this.”
 
“Oh hush; I’ll burn it all off during my heat anyway.” Loki got out of the car and made a beeline straight for the doors of the cafe he always frequented a month before his heats began. He was so excited to sink his teeth into a sweet treat; his mouth was salivating at the mere 

thought

 of it.
 
The omega barista behind the counter smiled at him, beginning to make his coffee. He always ordered the same thing; a french vanilla bean latte, and a large fudge brownie or sugar cookie.
 
“Good morning, Loki!”
 
Loki smiled at the barista, taking out his card to pay. “Morning, Ella.”
 
The barista finished making his coffee and handed it to him, taking his card and swiping it. “Ready for your last semester?”
 
Loki nodded and laughed. “

Norns

 yes. I’m just ready to get my degree and move on with my life.”
 
The barista nodded, understanding completely. “What do you plan to do after college?”
 
“Become a professor or a teacher of finances.”
 
The barista stared at Loki with complete respect and admiration. Although they were on the rise, omega professors were still uncommon. Betas usually dominated that particular field. “That’s so inspiring, Loki. I’ll pray that the Norns guide you, then.” 
 
She grabbed a napkin and hovered over a large fudge brownie. “Which one is it today? Brownie or a cookie?”
 
Loki hummed for a moment, thinking. If he had a brownie now, and a cake later tonight, he would only want cookies tomorrow. But if he had a cookie, he’d want more and more of them as the day progressed.
 
“I’ll take a brownie, please.”
 
The barista nodded, wrapping the brownie in wax paper and handing it to him. “Have a great day, Loki!”
 
Loki smiled, nodding in her direction as he turned around. “You too El-” he bumped into someone and fell, spilling his coffee all over the ground. He groaned and looked up, annoyed to see a dressed up alpha in front of him. The man seemed to be the stereotypical business type, so Loki prepared himself to be yelled at, and began to plan how he would defend himself.
 
The alpha surprised him though, and reached out a hand, helping him up. “I’m terribly sorry; you turned around so quickly.”
 
Loki took his hand and stood up, dusting off his clothes. He sniffed the air to make sure that the alpha truly wasn’t annoyed, and relaxed, seeing that the alpha was more concerned that he had hurt a high level fertile omega; especially one so close to his heat.
 
“Are you hurt?”
 
Loki shook his head, taking a good look at the alpha. He was a handsome man, and had a pleasant, almost spicy scent surrounding him. He sniffed again, learning that the alpha was not bonded, was mid-leveled, and didn’t seem to have been scented by an omega; the alpha was single.
 
“No, I’m fine. Did I get coffee on you?”
 
The alpha shook his head quickly. “Not at all, no.” He looked over and saw that Loki’s coffee had spilled. “Let my pay for another coffee and brownie for you.”
 
Loki nodded, absentmindedly moving a section of his hair behind his ear. “Thank you.”
 
Angrboda frowned, seeing this scene play out in front of him. He had been standing next to Loki the entire time, and was 

not

 pleased to see this alpha taking care of Loki like this. 
 
After Loki’s new coffee and brownie had been paid for, the alpha smiled softly at him, making sure to emit calming pheromones to show that he meant no harm. “Would… you be willing to go out sometime this week? Maybe we could get some coffee; I promise I won’t bump into you and spill it again.”
 
Loki laughed, and nodded his head. “I would l-”
 
“I’m sorry, but he’s taken.”
 
The alpha turned his head sharply at Angrboda, who had come to put a protective arm around Loki, and was glaring at the alpha fiercely. “He’s mine. And I’m not sharing. Back. 

Off

.”
 
The alpha frowned, and sniffed the air slightly. Loki didn’t have the beta’s scent on him at all. He looked at his wristwatch then and sighed, knowing that he’d be late for work if he stayed here.“It was nice meeting you. I’m… sorry to intrude. Have a great day.”
 
Loki ripped himself from Angrboda’s hold, reaching out to the alpha. “Wait! No, I-”
 
The alpha’s phone rang and he sighed, nodding at Loki before leaving. Loki watched him go, anger boiling up in him. He set his coffee down at a high rise table next to he and Angrboda.
 
“What. The actual 

FUCK

 is wrong with you, Angrboda?!”
 
Angrboda winced as Loki unleashed his anger upon him, and the patrons of the cafe looked at the pair, keeping a careful eye on him. An omega in distress was not to be taken lightly.
 
He laughed nervously, raising his hands in a placating gesture. “Uh, Loki? Can we talk about this i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor
Frigg | Frigga/Óðinn | Odin (Norse Religion & Lore)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mpreg
Marriage of Convenience
Discussion of Abortion
Graphic Birth Scenes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Bonding
Smut
Angst
mild violence
Explicit Language
like really
a lot of foul language
Life in the Limelight
Alpha! Thor
Omega! Loki
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnancy
Getting to Know Each Other
Strangers to Lovers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting

fandom: 
Loki/Thor
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor
Frigg | Frigga/Óðinn | Odin (Norse Religion & Lore)

