Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They were going to lose.  
There was no changing the outcome.  No spell he could conjure or shot that Stark could take or punch that Quill could land that would change this from its inevitable end.  They weren't just fighting Thanos.  They were fighting Fate itself.
Stephen had seen it.  Time and time and time again, they fought.  Time and time and time again, they always lost.  He had seen over 14 million variations of this battle, and they lose them all.  He told them that they had won one, but he wasn't sure if “we lose this reality and start another” really counted as a win.  He'd rather it not come to that.  
So how do you win an impossible situation?
This battle was lost.  The next that they are not present for will be even shorter.  Stephen could already smell the ash in the air from the devastation that was to come even as he pulled on the chain created by his sling ring to help hold Thanos in place.  
Parker and Stark were pulling on the gauntlet.  Mantis was holding Thanos in a trance-like state.  Drax was helping Stephen hold the mad alien in place.  The problem was Quill and what the Blue Woman was going to realize and share.  
Stephen knew what was to come.  He'd seen it a thousand times.  In some versions, he tried to stop it.  In one, he told Quill immediately what happened to his friend before Thanos arrived.  Quill let his anger get the best of him, and he and Parker were vaporized almost as soon as the battle began.  He tried a hundred different ways, but it always ended with Quill rushing in too soon and getting one or all of them killed before they got anywhere near Thanos.  In other versions, Stephen tried to pull Quill out of the equation by hiding him away in a pocket dimension so that he wouldn't get in the way of their victory.  All those had ended with all them being killed quickly, and Thanos torturing the information out of Stephen.  In one version he held out for nearly month before Thanos thoroughly shattered his mind and took what he wanted.  It wasn't...pleasant.
So many time and ways he tried to stop what was to come but nothing ever worked.  This battle was lost before it even began, and he could think of no tricks to stop it.
He could let them lose and take the chance that Stark – because of course it had to be Stark – would figure out how to restart their dimension, but he rather liked this version of himself being alive.  
If they just had more players on the field, then maybe they would stand a chance.  He couldn't recount the number of times that Stark had wished that his fellow Avengers were with them, and Stephen rather shared the sentiment.  They always lost, but himself, Stark, a teenage boy, and a group of Space Rednecks nearly manage to stop Thanos.  If Captain America – which was still a ridiculous name – and the other Avengers were fighting by their side, then surely...
An idea started to form.  A completely mad and dangerous idea that, if Stephen weren't so desperate, he would berate himself for having.  It wasn't much better than Stark's own plan for winning, but if the right elements were controlled – if the right moment was chosen.
Quill was screaming and demanding that Thanos deny the truth that was so painfully obvious.  He had seconds now.  Once Thanos broke free, there would be nothing he could do.  Thankfully, Stephen was always able to think quickly on his feet and keep calm under pressure.  He just needed to analyze the obvious and work from there.
They needed allies.  To hell with that, they needed the rest of the Avengers.  Stark could provide that given the right circumstances.  Stephen would do it himself, but Kristen had told him time and again that he wasn't very good with people, and he knew that she was right on that front.  They either wouldn't hear him or call him liar, and the amount of time it would take to convince them could be considerably longer than they really had.  If put at the right point, Stark wouldn't have that problem.  He was one of them, after all.  They would listen to him.
The next problem was the right point.  It would have to be when Stark was still on friendly terms with the other Avengers.  Stephen never cared much for their antics beyond the damage they caused and how it would affect his work, so he couldn't say that he knew the prefect time.  He seemed to recall that they had a falling out some time ago, but he couldn't remember the exact time beyond that it was after his accident.  It probably wouldn't be a good time to send Stark to anyway since it could put him in unnecessary danger.  The same could be said for the other times that Stephen clearly recalled the Avengers in action.  
It didn't help that they would all be negative times for Stark as well, which could be problematic in its own rights.  Rewinding time an hour or day or even a week or two was child's play now, but anything beyond that took a great deal of concentration on his part, and acceptance on the part of what was being
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
other characters to be added - Freeform
Young Peter Parker
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Sort Of
Not beta
Time Travel
Fix It
Maybe - Freeform
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Precious Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

