Work Text:
The night Steve first brought Peter into their bedroom, Tony was surprised and aroused beyond his imagination. Think; Peter and Steve would talk behind Tony’s back in order to plan something like this.Tony didn’t know which part was hotter—the scheming or the thought of being done by the uncanny pair together.“Mr. Stark…?” Peter bumbled. The young man of ripe twenty-three looked adorably confused.Tony’s chocolate-drenched cock mess-up his stomach even further. Tony felt the soft weight of the benwa bead that Steve had pushed into Tony’s ass.  “Ki—kid,” Tony panted. His eyes looked questioning to Steve. “Are you—fucking with me?”Steve’s eyes were dark over Peter’s shoulder. “Oh, I’ll be fucking you tonight, Tony. You get to say how Peter joins us.” He strode to where Tony was laid out on the table like a dessert feast, licking the whipped cream off Tony’s nipple with a smirk.Tony shivered, bumps rising across his skin. “Kid, if ya want this, suck my fucking lollipop.”Peter toppled over his stomach laughing. “Seriously, this is like some kind of food porno fic or something.”Tony growled in frustration. “I’ll cum down your fucking throat like a fucking porn star if you come over here and suck my cock, Peter.” There’s something dark in his brown eyes that convinces the younger man to move.“Hmm, that’s good Tony.” Steve licked behind Tony’s ear. His old Broolyn coming out the more aroused he got, “You plannin’ on makin’ him choke on’it?”Tony shook his head, legs spasming as Peter chokes on the way down. “Fuck! Relax you’re fucking throat, Spidey.”Peter pulled off in confusion. “Is that like a made-up-names kink or something? Should I call you Daddy Iron?”Even Steve roared out laughing at the example. “Come on, Tinman. Think you’re stretched enough to take my cock?” He slowly made his way behind Tony. Steve tapped Peter’s head twice as a warning, then lifted Tony.Tony spasmed as his cock hit the back of Peter’s throat. Peter flew back, choking back tears. “Shh, shh.” Tony reached out for the tearful Peter. “It’s alright. We can try the other end. Yeah?”Peter nodded shakily.Without saying anything, Tony glanced back to Steve with pleading eyes.Steve sighed affectionately then nodded. “Come up here, Peter,” He ordered, bring Peter over Tony’s lap.Tony closed his lips over Peter’s puffy chocolate-stained lips. Peter went to Tony eagerly, arms wrapping around Tony’s shoulders.Steve was by no means a martyr. He slowly pulled the ten beads one by one until Tony was slobbering all-over Peter’s lips, and leaking precum between their chocolate-smeared stomachs.“Hold it!” Steve commanded Peter at the last second, who’s super-spidey senses sent him moving before he could think. Peter closed his fingers around Tony’s cock, mere seconds before Tony’s impending orgasm.Tony’s back bowed in frustration. “Fu—uck!” He opened his eyes weakly and stared at Peter’s dark freckled cheeks.“Mis—ter Stark?”“Nah, baby boy, call me daddy,” Tony purred against Peter’s trembling lips. “Ahhh, look like—ahh, your other pop is jealous.”“Damn, right.” Steve growled, pushing into Tony without mercy. “Don’t forget whose cock you’re going to cum on tonight, sweetheart.”“Never,” Tony breathed out, throwing his head back. He looked up to Steve’s eyes while simultaneously exposing his sensitive throat to a touch-starved Peter. Peter sucked as many bites as he could on the journey to Tony’s jaw.Steve met Peter over Tony’s shoulder. “Behave,” he warned.Peter’s glassy eyes blinked until they cleared. “Mr—captain—Steve—sir.”“Sir is fine,” Steve growled. “But remember, listen to Tony. Don’t get too excited.” He kissed down Tony’s throat, remarking the areas where Peter left marks. “Where can Peter touch, Tony?”Tony pushed his chest out as Steve was finally fully seated inside him. Steve’s words took a moment to be fully coherent in his hazy brain. His over sensitive nipples needed some attention.“Nipples,” he moaned, arching his back—ass to Steve’s hips and chest to Peter’s mouth. “Lick’em. Real fast. Left-right. Kid, come—onohh! Ahh—ahhuuh!” Tony wrapped his legs around Peter’s waist.Peter did exactly as Tony ordered. He breathed in through his nose to keep his mouth on Tony’s nipples longer. Tony kept his head in place. Peter had no choice but to use his hand to tease Tony’s other nipple.Tony gasped as his nipple was pinched. “Fuck, I’m gonna—I’m gonna!”Steve pulled Peter up by the hair. “Don’t let him come!”Tony’s anguished cry rang out because his orgasm was denied again. “Steve,” he begged, “Steve, babe, I wanna cum. Please let me come.”“Not yet,” Steve said with promise. He thrust his hips forward, jerking Tony and Peter.“Woah, fuck, Mr. Stark, do you have a metallic pelvis too?”“Shut up, Kid!” Tony, once more, pulled back from the edge of orgasm.“Mouth kid,” Steve chucked from behind Tony. “Prep him for you.”“Hold him up. My back hurts.” Tony retorted.To which, Steve obediently followed.Peter, which much nudging, ended up suspended with kne
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve/Tony
Tony/Steve
Steve/Tony/Peter

freeform: 
Smut
Sex
Anal Sex
Threesome
Threesome - M/M/M
M/M/M
top!steve
bottom!tony
top!tony
Bottom!Peter
top!Peter
Daddy Kink
Food Kink
Food Sex
Chocolate
Butt Plugs
Edging
Light Dom/sub
snarking while sex
written while high
3k of porn
PWP without Porn
Porn Without Plot
Established - Stony
Adding Peter to the mix
I had to write this sorry
pop culture references
Crack
laughing while having sex
fun sex
Smexy times
need a fire extinguisher here
or lots of ice
Implied First Time
Steve's monster cock
Size Kink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark/Peter Parker
Tony Stark/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Steve/Tony
Tony/Steve
Steve/Tony/Peter

