Work Text:
The patrol was a success, mostly, Tony tells himself. Iron Man and Spiderman, working brilliantly in tandem, have rescued Queens from this threat from a mad scientist. The villain was armed with some sort of evil cactus, which he threw at such an angle that it would have struck Iron Man’s armor and harmlessly bounced off it except that Peter Parker felt the need to interpose his body, so now they are sitting on a roof picking out the spines from Peter’s arm. Or rather, Peter is sitting on the roof picking out the spines and Tony is – hovering. Literally and metaphorically. But still, mostly a success. “FRIDAY, add suit reinforcements to my list,” Tony says. “Be careful next time, kid, you don’t want to develop the proportional powers of a cactus.”“Mr. Stark?”Tony freezes. The kid’s voice sounds – different. All the adjectives he would use to describe how it is different are adjectives he has been trying to keep as far away from Peter Parker, high school student, he reminds himself, high school, eager and chipper and young, so young it hurts (and fantastically strong, and incredibly smart, and capable of stopping a bus with his bare hands)-- “What is it, Pete?” “I think I—” Peter swallows. Tony can hear it through the comm link. “I think maybe I –" He pulls off the mask, looking puzzled, and Tony notices that he is flushed and sweating.“Friday, scan,” Tony says.“I think there might have been something in the cactus, Mr. Stark,” Peter breathes, and – his voice is doing that thing again, it is breathy and sounds ruined and – no, it doesn’t, it sounds some other way. Peter is a teenager. Tony is an adult. Peter’s pupils are fully dilated, Tony notes dispassionately; his breathing rate is elevated; there is a faint sheen of sweat on his brow. He makes a little noise of discomfort. “Are you feeling all right, kid?” Tony says.“N-no, Mr. Stark,” Peter says, shaking his head.“Friday, is this contagious?” Tony asks.“Negative,” Friday says. Tony steps out of the suit and walks closer. “Mr. Stark, I – I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” Peter says. He holds up one hand; the other is vaguely over his lap. Tony feels something plummet in his chest. It can’t be.“Friday, what is this?” Tony asks.“It is plant-based,” Friday says, chipper. “And it is designed to create a potentially fatal feedback loop unless Mr. Parker attains sexual release.” “Oh my God,” Peter says, “like, sex pollen? What the fuck, who does that?”“Some creep,” Tony says. He shudders. He tries very hard to keep looking Peter in the eyes, even though those eyes are now wide and dark and a little unfocused. Peter breaks the eye contact first. There is no mistaking what is going on with him; even the suit can’t conceal it. He shifts his weight a little bit and makes a sound that Tony desperately pretends not to have heard. "Friday, camouflage roof for privacy?" “Oh my God,” Peter says, shifting again. “Mr. Stark, I’m so sorry.”“Nothing to be sorry about,” Tony says, trying for casual, “happens to the best of us. Occupational hazard. Look, uh—” Peter shifts again, presses his fist against his mouth to suppress another sound. Tony’s mouth is dry. He wishes he were in the suit. “Look, uh. Nothing to be ashamed of, you did nothing wrong, but in the interest of your health and safety I think you’d better go ahead and –” He gestures, not quite vaguely enough. “--attain your release.”Peter’s eyes flicker shut. He reaches for the control to open his suit. Then halts. “What about you, Mr. Stark?”“Me?” Tony freezes. “I will -- get out of your way. Uh, happy trails, and – bon voyage. Speed the plow, venture forth, go west, young man, just lie back and think of England. Or, I guess, something sexier than England. Australia?”“Oh, yeah,” Peter grits out, “Australia.” The word comes out in a breathy sigh as his hand disappears theatrically into his suit. “Dingoes.”It’s supposed to be a joke, but it’s actually -- extremely fucking sexy, in a way Tony never expected the word dingoes to be (said by a teenager, Tony, a kid whom you are supposed to be looking out for, for fuck’s sake). He tries not to freeze up, open-mouthed, goggling at the kid. He thinks he mostly succeeds. He summons the suit and jets off only one, maybe two noticeable beats too late. “Wait!” Peter calls out.“I won’t go far,” Tony says. “Just trying to give you some privacy.”“Please don’t, Mr. Stark,” Peter gasps. In the suit, Tony can close his eyes, take a deep inhale, get it together, “go far, I mean, obviously I – ahhh – ” a choked-off moan that Tony will never be able to unhear; another one; a low drawn-out exhale – how was the suit a worse idea? Every sound is amplified and every sound is fucking obscene – “value my privacy but – oh, fuck – sorry, Mr. Stark –” “You’re getting me confused with Steve Rogers,” Tony says, “I’m the Avenger who doesn’t give a shit if you curse.” He’s not sure if Peter even registers it. He’s lost in it now, emitting a steady litany of curses; ‘fuck’ punctuated with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Sex Pollen
Dubious Consent
First Time
Age Difference
Tony Angst
Fuck Or Die
Wall Sex
Consensual Non-Consent
Consensual Underage Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

