Work Text:
Peter couldn’t decide how he was going to die - at the hands of legendary super-soldier Captain Steve Rogers, or through pure, unadulterated embarrassment.
His Academic Decathlon coach Mr. Harrington had been talking about the trip for months.  We’re one of the only school groups to be able to attend a full tour of the official Avengers Compound.  The Avengers Compound, with the actual Avengers.  I expect every single one of you there and on your absolute best behavior.  This is a once in a lifetime opportunity!
Yeah.  A once in a lifetime opportunity to get murdered.
“I’m so screwed!” Peter groaned as he sat on the steps of the school, waiting for the bus to arrive.
Sitting next to him, Ned made a face and took a sip of his coffee.  “Maybe they won’t recognize you from before!  Maybe they’ll have to cancel, and we won’t actually meet any of them.”  At this statement, Ned’s eyes widened slightly.  “Wait, wait, you don’t think they’ll cancel, do you?”
Peter just rubbed his forehead, sighing through the jitters in his stomach.  “I don’t know, Ned.  I hope so?”
“No, no, but they can’t!  When else will I get Black Widow to sign my trading cards?”  Ned patted his jacket, as if to reassure himself that the cards were still in place, before taking another sip of his coffee.  “This stuff is good.  Are you going to drink yours?”
Peter wordlessly passed his cup to Ned, tapping his toes repeatedly against the parking lot pavement.  He was too nervous to drink coffee.  He was too nervous to live.  Maybe he’d throw up!  Maybe he’d have to go home.
“Here’s hoping this doesn’t suck,” said a familiar voice from behind Peter’s head.  He turned violently, feeling his heart pound out of his chest as Michelle sat down on the stairs next to him.  Peter let out a shaky breath.
Ned raised an eyebrow at Peter’s twitching leg.  “Dude, you need to relax.  You almost jumped out of your skin just now!”  The boy brought his voice down to a conspiratorial whisper.  “They won’t recognize you.  You’re gonna be fine.”
“You realize I can still hear you, right?”  Peter and Ned both jumped, shooting MJ matching looks of terror.  The girl rolled her eyes, pulling her math notebook from her backpack.  “I don’t really know who you’re talking about and I don’t really care.”
Peter tried to take a deep breath and follow Ned’s instructions, but everytime he closed his eyes he seemed to flashback to Berlin.  His class was meeting Black Widow and Captain America today, and the last time he had seen either of them, he had stolen Cap’s shield.  And also, sort-of, definitely fought them.  Captain America is going to actually kill me.  I am actually, literally, going to die today.
“Ned,” Peter said weakly, looking his friend directly in the eye.  “If I don’t return home, tell May that I love her.”
Ned just snorted, shaking his head violently.  “Uh-uh, no way!  If I tell May that Captain America killed you, you’re not the only one that’s going to be dead.”
Someone barked out a laugh from behind them, and Peter turned his head to see Flash Thompson walking towards the parking lot.  “Yeah, like Captain America cares about Penis Parker!”
“More than he cares about you, probably,” Ned shot back, ignoring Peter’s groan as the yellow school bus turned into the parking lot.  “Hey, hey, hey, the bus is here!”
“Maybe they will cancel,” Peter muttered again, standing up and walking towards the bus with the rest of the decathlon team.
MJ gave Peter a wry look.  “They better not cancel.  I have a long list of questions about the crisis in Lagos and the Sokovia Accords.”
“It’s a field trip!” Ned shot back in mock horror as the group climbed onto the school bus.  “Why would you voluntarily do homework on a field trip?”
“It’s not homework,” Michelle shot back, walking to the far back of the bus.  “Homework is a construct used by teachers to burden our social lives and raise our anxiety levels.  This is an opportunity to interview powerful individuals on their opinions about real world issues.”
Ned grimaced, stopping three rows from the back to sit in their usual spot. “Like I said. Homework.” 
Peter slid into the seat next to Ned, trying to shake the nerves out of his body.  It seemed like his mind was calculating every, single way this field trip could possibly go wrong.  How will they notice me?  Will it be because of my voice, or have they already done research? Do they already know who I am?  Will they tell the teacher, or will they just start fighting me?  Mr. Stark was going to be so mad when he found out that Peter’s identity was out.
“I can’t do this,” Peter blurted out suddenly, shooting to his feet and bolting towards the aisle.  Ned grabbed his arm and tugged him back into his seat with a surprising amount of force.  
“What are you doing?!” Ned hissed, staring at him with wide eyes.  “Mr. Harrington is going to murder you if you leave now.”
Peter brushed his hand through his hair nervously, whispering harshly back at Ned.  “Yeah, well Captain America 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Field Trip
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
No literally Tony is such a dad
it's not even funny
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Hostage Situations
also poorly written action scenes
it's really short but I'm still sorry
My First AO3 Post
who let me tag???
Peter is a Little Shit

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark & Steve Rogers

