Work Text:
He’d just wanted an access key.....
After the Vulture fiasco, Tony had been taking the “Stark Internship” angle slightly more seriously 
… Okay, slightly was a generous term. 
Peter would be going to Tony's newly refurbished lab in Stark Tower 2 times a week now. If it were up to Stark it seems, it would be every day. They tinkered with devices that it seemed Stark built specifically to see if Peter could pull them apart and tell them how they worked. He helped Peter fine tune his web shooters and Peter even helped with the nanotech in his new Iron Man suit! Him! Peter Benjamin Parker! Helped with Iron Man’s suit! 
And what did he have to show for it? Really nothing. Sure, he could tell Ned and Aunt May, but as for everyone else … 
No one believed him. He couldn't blame them, honestly. He'd been flaky about it, and then he’d “lost the internship” and now he had it back? He seemed like the worst kind of bullshit artist. 
So he’d gone up to Mister Stark and just asked for an access key. 
“Why do you need that? You have clearance from FRIDAY” He’d responded, not even looking away from the repulsor he was tinkering with 
“Well, yeah I know but uh, I don't actually have any proof about this internship and no one believes me” he explained “I was just, um, wanting to show them something tangible?” 
Tony stark raised an eyebrow at Peter, who just continued to feel more ridiculous the more he stood there 
“Uh, nevermind it's dumb, sorry” He reneged, sitting down at his work bench “You uh, wanted me to take this core apart?” 
Tony looked at him with a more serious stare, but shrugged it off “Yeah, kid. I want you to know that thing inside and out. I'll be right back” he got up and left the workshop, leaving Peter to quietly berate himself as he worked on dismantling the power core 
--As Tony stopped by the kitchen to get two cans of Dr. Pepper, he contemplated the kid’s request, while in said contemplation, he asked “FRIDAY, how's Pete doing on the core?” 
“He seems to be halfway done with the dismantle…” Tony couldn’t help the smirk at that. “...And has taken a moment to talk to his aunt over the phone… His heart rate is slightly elevated. I think he might be anxious, sir” 
“Give me an audio feed” He requested, and the live audio feed of his workshop filled the kitchen as he opened one of the cans.
“-What? No of course I didn't say that!” Peter scream whispered. Did that kid really think he couldn't hear? “Because it doesn't matter, May. It's healed, it's fine” 
....Healed? What healed?
“Aunt May I got shoved into that locker before I was Spider-Man…. Yeah it's gotten worse but I'm also like, superhuman so it actually doesn't affect me for nearly as long.” He reasoned. There was a pause “... May, I doubt that would actually help. Flash is just an assho- sorry! Sorry aunt May…” Tony got a chuckle out of that.
Peter sighed “Flash is Flash, whether I have proof or not he’s still gonna be a jerk.” 
There was another pause “The ribs were bruised, not broken” 
Tony Stark tensed, staring blankly as the audio continued 
“No of course not! He was just - May, its -.... No, of course not, May, its just… Heh, yeah yeah yeah, sure… “ May talked for quite a bit before Peter interrupted “No, no !! You will not tell him about that!! That was a year ago already! … It was just a broken wrist, it healed right up” 
“Sir, your soda” 
FRIDAY snapped him back to reality, followed by the feelings of crushed metal. 
He looked down at his hand and lamented the crushed Dr Pepper in his grip. The audio continued as Tony tried to quickly clean it up, while listening to the call end with a few “I love yous” and the sound of his tinkering return. 
“Turn off the audio, FRI” Tony grumbled, grabbing another soda and headed back to the lab. 
His brain was already churning with thoughts, a lot of them giving him high blood pressure. Started feeling almost normal with this kid. 
Peter's attention was on organizing the component parts by the time he got back. God damn this kid was smart. He looked up when he heard the can clack against the table. “Oh, Mister Stark! I just finished. Looks like one of the wires got crossed and that caused the core to function at half capacity” 
“Well aren’t you fast” He casually commented/complimented, which left Peter beaming at the praise. He decided not to bring up the call. 
He was already formulating a plan. 
--
Chemistry was final period. Chemistry only had 15 minutes left. And Chemistry had involved answering a question Flash got wrong, and a note passed to him with an ominous “lets break em this time” scribbled in just, the worst handwriting and no punctuation. 
Peter was already trying desperately to formulate a way to get out of school before Flash could gather up his cronies and “hold’ him down for a beating. It was almost alarming how violent Flash had become, but it had always been an escalating series of events- he supposed. And despite very much being able to punch all of these people into next Tu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Bullying
tony stark being an embarassing dad
Iron dad and Spider son
Irondad
spiderson
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Fluff
Father-Son Relationship
kind of
Tony's getting there

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

