Work Text:

Eddie sagged onto his bed with a box of cheap chocolate in his lap. He flinched when the frame creaked in his almost-quiet room. The white noise of nighttime traffic did nothing to distract him from the silence in his own head. The silence had made him tense. Hyper-vigilant. In all the time he’d been apart from the Symbiote, he’d never gotten used to the absence of its chatter. 

 

Even though they were back together now, the Symbiote was different. A little cautious. A lot more possessive. Being shackled to a nightmare like Lee Price took its toll.

 

“You’re quieter these days,” Eddie murmured as he pulled the cellophane away from the box. This was the best he could manage right now and could only hope it would be enough. That he was still enough.

 

“Eddie,” a sibilant voice rippled around him, “Always. Came back for me. Saved me.”

 

“I need to know that you’re okay. After that asshole.” Eddie’s jaw tightened as he crumpled the cardboard lid of the chocolate box in his fist. Eddie had felt everything when he and the Symbiote fused in their recent escape from the FBI. Pain, terror, despair, confusion... 

 

A silky-smooth touched brushed across the back of Eddie’s neck as the Symbiote materialized beside him, and he shivered. Eddie never tired of looking at it; inky and slick, constantly shifting, so alive. It stretched upward and layers of darkness peeled back to reveal glossy white eyespots and a gaping maw. A tendril caressed Eddie’s cheek. 

 

“Okay now, Eddie. With you. No one will ever come between us again.”

 

He leaned into the touch and rested his hand on the tendril. It flowed between his fingers, squeezing.

 

“Never again, love,” Eddie said, “I’m just... so sorry I couldn’t be there. To stop any of it. When you needed me the most.”

 

With a lopsided grin, he inclined his head toward the chocolate on his lap. “I know it’s not much, but I hope I can begin making it up to you.”

 

The Symbiote hissed in delight and extended a hand-shaped tendril. 

 

“Ah-ah,” Eddie scolded playfully as he brushed the hand aside. Before the Symbiote could protest, Eddie had plucked one of the truffles from its wrapper and extended 


it toward the tangle of fangs that formed the alien’s mouth. “Let me take care of you.”

 

Eddie’s heart raced when the fangs parted in a hungry grin, then closed ever so gently over his fingers. The Symbiote’s tongue flicked out to pluck the candy from Eddie’s grasp, laving over his hand in the process. Eddie reached for another candy, and then another. His hand was drawn deeper into the Symbiote’s mouth with each morsel until its tongue twined all the way up his forearm. 

 

“Delicious,” the Symbiote purred. Its tendrils curled up around his shoulders.

 

Even after the last chocolate was gone it made no move to disentangle itself. Eddie sank into its embrace. Without the Symbiote, time had blurred together and left him starved for the alien’s touch. 

 

Eddie thought he’d adjusted, stopped needing it so much, but he could no longer deny the intensity of his craving. He used his free hand to push his tank top up off his belly in an unspoken invitation. The Symbiote immediately pooled in the ridges of his abs and splayed apart into clawed hands. Eddie gasped and arched as the claws dragged downward, leaving raised red lines on his skin. 

 

“Mine.”

 

The growl in that voice raced down Eddie’s spine like electricity. 

 

“Take care of me...” the Symbiote said, “Let me in.”

 

As Eddie’s body surrendered, his mind followed: expanding, emptying, letting the Symbiote’s consciousness stream in alongside his to feel what he felt. It wasn’t the full union of symbiosis, but individual bodies offered pleasures of their own.

 

Which Eddie had missed desperately. He’d known loss in his life, with his parents, with Anne, but none of it compared to the emptiness he’d suffered losing the Symbiote. There were times when it became unbearable and Eddie would slink into a bar, get shitfaced, then slink out with a pretty distraction on his arm. The rush would last until he felt their little human hands on his bare skin. He’d make a valiant effort, but the encounters always ended too soon with mumbled apologies and hasty exits. Eddie would sleep it off and dream of sinking into a black ocean. 

 

Now that ocean surged up to envelop him, so warm and smooth and strong, unlike anything on earth. 

 

“Feel it?” Eddie whispered.

 

The Symbiote slithered up his chest and rubbed over his hard nipples. Eddie moaned at the same moment its body pulsed around him. “Yessss, feel it...”

 

The Symbiote’s face vanished then face re-formed near Eddie’s. A swipe of tongue across his neck was all the warning Eddie got before those inky jaws latched around his shoulder, just shy of breaking the skin. A bite like that would leave visible marks. Normally Eddie preferred discretion; like hell he was going to broadcast the Symbiote’s return when there were so many people eager to rip 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Rimming
Tentacles
Tentacle Sex
Consentacles
Mouth Kink
Possessive Behavior
Light Bondage

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

