Work Text:
“Why does this happen to me,” Stark says, looking upwards to heaven (or, more literally, to the ceiling of Steve and Bucky’s apartment in the Tower).The pile of shiny new Stark technology on the kitchen counter lies between Tony on one side and Steve and Bucky on the other. Bucky has not yet touched any of the offerings that Tony brought last week to “get you into the 21st century, which is apparently my job now.” This is the source of today’s strife.Bucky looks wary, and Steve feels himself bristle up protectively. “We’re working on it,” Steve says.“Sure,” Tony says. “Look, Barnes, this is hurting me in my heart that someone who lives under my roof uses a burner flip-phone and cannot send an email, let alone a tweet. This is officially an intervention.” He jams his finger into the countertop for emphasis. “You, me, People’s Sexiest Man Alive 1944 if he feels he has to watch, right now, we’re getting you on gmail and Facebook at least.”Steve isn’t sure if Bucky feels like he’s defending Steve, or if Bucky dislikes Tony’s attempts to give him orders, or if Tony’s tendency toward fast, sudden movements just keeps him on edge, or all of the above, but either way Bucky says, “Steve was gonna do that stuff. C’mon, Steve.” Bucky picks up one of the boxes of technological . . . things on the counter and goes over to the couch.“Really,” says Tony, raising his eyebrows.At this point, there’s nothing for Steve to do but say, “Thanks, Tony,” and take the rest over to the couch.“Yeah, this is gonna go great,” Tony says with relish. “Friend me!” he calls from the doorway as he goes.Once Tony’s gone, Steve just turns to look at Bucky.Bucky shrugs and slides the laptop out of its box. “I know how to hack bank accounts, security systems—well, I did it up to about 2005, at least—but social networking was . . . not a priority,” he says. It’s still difficult for both of them to talk about Bucky’s time when—well, when he was the Winter Soldier.Maybe, Steve thinks determinedly, this can be a moment of normalcy. He does have Facebook and Twitter accounts, even if he never uses them because all he ever sees there are Tony, Bruce, and Jane’s conversations about science that he doesn’t understand (being as Clint, Fury and Natasha would never be so publicly private as to have real social networking identities, and Thor—well, no).Also, Tony seems to have forgotten that the serum also gave Steve a more-or-less eidetic memory. He doesn’t always know all the etiquette for doing things on the internet, but he remembers what he did to set up his own accounts.“Okay, well,” Steve says, angling the laptop toward himself on Bucky’s knees, “the first thing you have to do is, uh, pick your username for your laptop.”You also have to pick a picture, apparently, that goes with your name. Bucky picks “Bucky Barnes” and a picture of an ice cream cone. As always, these days, Steve isn’t sure exactly what to read into this.***So Bucky gets signed up for Twitter and Facebook and gmail, and because Tony seems to like it, Instagram too. Bucky goes for “James Buchanan” as his handle in public, which is probably wise because nobody actually knows that Bucky Barnes is alive and it’s best for it to stay that way for now.Steve feels a sense of satisfaction, both because they proved Tony wrong (Tony accepted all of Bucky’s friend requests) and because it was a nice afternoon spent doing normal 2014 things. Steve goes back to his room and carefully finds Bucky on each of the social networks and requests him as a friend, then goes to bed.The next morning, Steve opens his laptop again with the vague idea that it might be fun to talk to Bucky on Facebook. This is what friends do in 2014, and Bucky is here now, and . . .Bucky hasn’t accepted his friend requests.Well, it is 7 a.m., Steve thinks. Maybe Bucky just hasn’t got round to it yet, or maybe he doesn’t know how. Steve resolves to help Bucky with it later, but before then he checks the news and reads about a new civil liberties and prisons case going to the Supreme Court and he makes a little post about it on Facebook with a link to the story, because he thinks it’s worth people hearing about.After that, it’s just a day of working out and helping Sam practice with his new-and-improved Stark tech wings, but when Steve gets home 37 thousand people have liked or commented on Steve’s Facebook post.Steve sighs.Jane has posted more pictures of empty Starbucks cups with text saying, “Scientists at work! Send coffee!” Jane’s assistant Darcy has liked the post.Pepper Potts has posted about Stark Industries’ new longer paternity leave for employees.Tony has posted many pictures of himself wearing sunglasses and making peace signs in almost exactly the same pose but in various different locations.Bucky has uploaded a new profile picture: his right forearm in the foreground, leaning over their balcony that overlooks New York, spread out in hazy detail far below. It’s clever because it would be unidentifiable to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Cuddles
brief angst
Social Media
I don't know

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

