Chapter 1: prologue
    


Notes:
wHAT UP my names Ellie and I have an exam today (its 3:46 am lmao) bUT I CAN'T SLEEP so i started this thing ive been thinking of for a while and now i have a whole chapter.enjoy

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Loki is having a really, really bad day. He's being choked to death by an effing purple thumb and – honestly? - Loki’s rather pissed off about it. Staring dead in the Mad Titan’s eyes, petty to the end, Loki manages to splutter out – reaching for breath – “You will never be a god,” but then thinks, norns, were those my last words? He can hear Thor struggling to his side, can practically feel his anguish, but then his vision is going fuzzy, and his lungs are screaming.One second, Loki is fading out of consciousness, and the next he’s staring at the ceiling of Asgard’s great hall with air in his lungs.There’s chattering above him, glinting jewellery and flowing fabrics, and - and is that his mother? She’s kneeling at his head, stroking his hair. Worry is etched into the furrow of her brow, reminiscent of the days Loki would fall and scrape his knee as a child; parental concern is the only name for it. Frigga is here and holding him close and Loki can think of only one explanation for this.“Well, that’s a surprise,” he says to himself.He's made it to Valhalla.He wasn’t sure he’d make it to the afterlife at all – ice giant and all that – let alone the place made for good people. A quiet chatter falls over the crowd surrounding him, and Loki feels his mother run another hand through his hair.“Are you alright, my dear? That was an awfully bad fall.”Loki, feeling the most content he has in a while, actually, waves his mother off. “Other than that choking to death thing, peachy,” and it's true. He doesn't quite know what she means by his 'awfully bad fall', but perhaps Thanos dumped his corpse out of the airlock. It's something like that, to be sure. In all other respects, Loki feels... alive; like all his aches and pains, accumulated over the past decade of bullshit, have simply vanished.“Choking?” someone says to his left, and Loki turns his head to see his wonderful older brother, eyebrows knitted together in confusion.Loki groans. “Thor," he bemoans. "You oaf! You had one job! I can’t believe you allowed Thanos to murder you! You have wasted my very generous sacrifice!" The nerve of it! To add insult to injury, Thor does not offer Loki platitudes and apologies; instead, he has the gall to look even more befuddled. Loki thinks he’s about to find out whether it's possible to burst a blood-vessel in the afterlife. “Yes, you twit," Loki snaps, "I'm angry that you died! You always were so selfish. Kings cannot charge buffoonishly into battle. Who will lead our people now? Banner?! On top of that –”“Good lord, he’s finally gone mad,” Loki hears Fandral interrupt. It stops Loki right in his tracks.What?There's a quiet murmur through out the crowd - in agreement, Loki realises. Mad? He hasn't gone - A booming command echoes throughout the multitude, followed by Odin himself, parting the sea of people like the bow of a ship.“Please, give my son some space,” Odin says. “I fear he may have hit his head upon his collapse. Thor, fetch a healer while your mother takes Loki to his quarters. It is likely that your brother is but disorientated, but it is better to be safe than sorry.”Thor, always the obedient son, nods and scurries away, leaving Loki to face the ghost of their father. He is hauled to his feet by Frigga, but cannot take his eyes off Odin.This is wrong, Loki realises all at once. Everything here is wrong. A quick scan of the crowd shows Loki many familiar faces. His mother, his father, Sif and the Warriors Three, council members, cousins, children, some faces he knows still live, some he has not seen in years.Odin looks at him softly. With concern. Loki turns his attention back to the Great Hall and, yes, that’s it! The decorations for Thor’s coronation are still up.Odin has started to disperse the crowd, and now Frigga is pulling him away. Loki is too disorientated to argue, his mind racing a mile a minute, his heart bounding in his chest, his fingers twitching in agitation. These are not the reactions of a dead man, Loki realises.Perhaps he isn't dead at all.  Back in his room, Loki stares at his reflection. Gingerly, he reaches up to tug at his skin - and winces as he pinches too hard. He looks younger. His hair is much shorter, his face less worn by time and pain. It’s like he’s –His quarters are as he remembers them - books lying open, clothes scattered over the floor, maps covering his desk - but as Loki remembers them from before he fell.    Could it be so?  Loki lets himself wonder. Frigga returns from where she’s been talking with the healer in the corridor. From their perspective, Loki has learnt, he’d been at dinner, celebrating Thor’s upcoming coronation, when he stood up to raise his glass for a toast and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor
canonical romances
with a HINT of stucky cos common its basically canon
Loki & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Time Travel Fix-It
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Spoilers
there will be brotherly fluff
there will be lots of loki angst
and there will be lots of timeline shenanigans
loki '''dies''' and wakes up before the first Thor film
so he's gonna fix everythinggggggg that goes wrong
with sass along the way
independant loki who need no odin
Odin's A+ Parenting
fights scenes and such but no violence out of the ordinary for marvel movies
a happy ending I promise
Complete
no spoilers for endgame
Loki (Marvel)-centric
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Перевод на русский | Translation in Russian
Translation in Japanese

fandom: 
Loki & Thor
canonical romances
with a HINT of stucky cos common its basically canon
Loki & Stephen Strange

