Chapter 1: Cold
    




Chapter Text
It was cold. So, so cold.It wasn't a nice cold. It wasn't the type of cold that made you feel calm and collected on a too-hot summers day. It wasn't the cold that made your hot body feel oh so much better when the breeze rolled over your body.It was the type of cold that burned you, burned your skin and your throat and your nose. It was the type of cold that turned your skin different shades of blues and purples. It was the type of cold that you could barely move in. It was the type of cold that made it hard to think, breathe and blink. It was the type of cold that killed.And Tony was stuck in a metal suit, dying, in that type of cold.His lungs were pushing for air against the crushed suit, trying to get anything. His breath curled upwards in the cold, sometimes rapidly and other times, he wouldn't breathe for a whole minute because he just couldn't. Even the smallest amount of oxygen would just help.He was gasping and sometimes tears would track down his bright, cold dusted cheeks just to freeze a minute later. His blotchy red cheeks stood out against his pale face.The air of the bunker was making his nose bleed. Or at least thats what Tony assumed. The blood froze too, making his nose bleed more.He couldn't feel his hands or feet or cheeks or nose and there was froze clumps of tears frozen into his eyelashes. He cried out.He had tried to get in contact with FRIDAY, but the suit was down for the count and he could and it wasn't like he was in any condition to fix even the simplest of things, never mind his suit or AI. Now the suit is his coffin. Again.How ironic was it, the 'not a team player' was more of a team player than the so called patriotic 'Captain', who was supposed to be the team player, who had left one of his 'teammates' out in the cold to die alone.He gave a breathy, bitter laugh, that turning into a loud cough which sent tremors through his broken, frozen body. Everybody eventually left him. It was only a matter of time before they all saw how truly worthless he was. How unneeded and unloved he was. How undeserving he was.A man with everything and nothing.He coughed and wheezed into the air, blood splattering onto the suit from his mouth. Of course. Internal bleeding. At least it'll all be over soon.Soon, soon, soon.He can see Jarvis, and Aunt Peggy, and his beautiful mother, Maria and Yinsen again. Well, probably not. He's definitely going to Hell.Tony started to gag and rolled his head to the side, throwing up bile and blood. Lovely.He tried to wiggle his fingers and toes. He wasn't sure if they moved or not, it's not like he could see the extremities.God, what had happened to him? Why had it come to this?
It had come to this when you decided that you were going to be a 'hero'. If anything, you made everything worse.
He gasped again, his lungs spazzemed, he couldn't breathe properly anymore."Tony!"Oh. He was hallucinating now. Great. At least it was Pepper. He'd be perfectly content if she was the last thing he saw when he died. She was his best friend. And so was Rhodey. Oh god, he wasn't able to help Rhodey. Now he was paying for it."Tony! Oh my god...Tony..." He smiled at the fuzzy Pepper. She was still the same old Pepper, even when she wasn't really there."I need help! I think he's dying!""S'okay..."Everything went black with a scream.----"Vision, Boss is in trouble. You must get to him immediately with help." FRIDAY rushed. Vision's head turned up to one of the many cameras. He stood up quickly."What has happened?""I have lost communications with Boss and the suits reactor has been smashed so the suit is down. I believe that Boss is dying. I must stress to you how fast you have to get there. Here is his coordinates." FRIDAY sounded very worried. The coordinates flashed infront of him. Vision started to fret around."Call Ms Potts and explain what has happened. Tell her to get Doctor Helen Cho and several other doctors, some of the best of course. on a helicopter and to the coordinates as fast as she can and that I will meet her there.""Yes, sir."----Pepper was out of her mind with worry. Tony looked dead.The doctors had surrounded him and had extracted the armor and had wrapped a foil blanket around him, currently putting him on a stretcher. Doctor Cho was currently barking commands at people who were back at the compound, telling them to get the Cradle prepared.Vision put his hand on her shoulder."I...I don't understand what happened, Vision. Why did Captain Rogers do this?" Pepper covered her face with her hands. Her voice shook with anger and sadness."I cannot say why, but maybe when Doctor Stark wakes, he can explain." Vision sounded...hopeful and sad."Maybe..." Pepper sighed."Come, Ms Potts, the helicopter is leaving soon."Pepper sent once last glance to the blood and sick that pooled on the bunkers floor and then walked away quickly.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff
IronStrange
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Tony Stark Has Depression
Despressed Tony Stark
Strangers to Lovers
BAMF Stephen Strange
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Not A Fix-It
Not Avengers Infinity War Compliant
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Cap bashing
not team Cap friendly
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Loki is a Good Bro
Slow Burn
Slow Burn Stephen Strange/Tony Stark

fandom: 
Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
Loki & Tony Stark

