Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Peter Parker doesn’t like his own reflection. He dislikes it so much, in fact, that he stares in the mirror every morning, silent and judging as he counts every scar and bruise til they all blur together into one big, ugly blemish. But eventually, once he can no longer separate the individual failures mapped out across his skin, Peter speaks. He whispers to his reflection, telling it sweet lies that he desperately wishes were true. This little routine is the only way Peter manages to survive living in his own skin. Currently, he’s in the middle of the second step, and he’s chatting to his shirtless mirror self, a faux-confident smile on his face. (The lies are easier to swallow with it.) “You’re awesome, Peter,” he tells himself, trying to ignore the sound of his shaky, adolescent voice. “No, you’re not awesome—you’re incredible—you’re  amazing.” Standing up and strutting across the room, Peter leaps onto the far wall, across his bed, and scrambles up to sit on the ceiling. “See!” He exclaims, forcing a note of excitement into his tone. “You’re the  amazing Spider-Man! No one’s as cool as you.” Peter drops down in front of the mirror once again, dragging his gaze back to his reflection. He nearly gags as he pretends to flex his non-existent muscles, hating how utterly  pathetic he looks. “You’re hot stuff,” he says instead, hiding his disgust easily. “Hotter than ghost pepper-sriracha chilli! “You’re the greatest superhero New York has ever seen,” he continues with concealed bitterness, deepening his voice in an attempt to resemble Thor. “You’re as brave as a lion; you practically  ooze confi—” Suddenly, Peter feels the familiar tingle at the base of his skull, and he whips around, no doubt looking like a deer caught in the headlights. Captain America is leaning against his door frame, his thick, muscular arms crossed over his even more muscular chest. He’s wearing his new suit, the navy blue and black one that just makes him look even more sexy and intimidating. His neatly-trimmed beard can’t hide the amusement that’s clear on his face. Peter is absolutely horrified. The teen can only watch as the super soldier doubles over in laughter, clutching his sides like a lifeline.  He’s laughing at you, Peter,  his brain hisses. Peter visibly flinches, but Steve’s still too busy laughing to notice.  He’s laughing at how pathetic you are—at how disgusting you are.  He’s seeing every single time you failed from the scars all over your body, and he’s thinking just how crazy it is for you to even be here. He’s laughing at you because you’re a mistake, Peter.  Just like Flash and everyone else at school always say. Peter can feel the tears coming, and he draws in on himself, turning away from the man he’ll never be nearly as good as. He wraps his arms around his stomach, almost like he’s hugging himself. Really, he’s just trying not to fall apart. “Please don’t tell anyone,” he finally whispers. Abruptly, the Captain’s laughter stops, and Peter can  hear  the straightening of the man’s spine, each vertebrae cracking loudly. The sound makes Peter want to rip his own ear drums out. But he doesn’t move, he doesn’t even breathe, not until the older man answers. And he supposes his voice just sounds so  small, so full of  shame  and  fear, that Steve—the beautiful, selfless soul—can’t help but grant him that one wish. “I won’t,” the Captain says softly, before turning around and exiting the room, closing the door gently behind him. *** Peter doesn’t leave his quarters until dinner. When he does, the whole team is already gathered in the communal living room, half sat in front of the TV and waiting for the other half to finish getting their food. “Look who decided to show up!” Mr. Stark shouts, his signature smirk gracing his face. Peter stiffens, but quickly relaxes, forcing a tried smile to his face. “Sorry,” he answers softly. Too softly—he clears his throat, making his grin bigger and his voice louder. The amount of effort it takes is worrying. “I’m just really tired today. Homework’s been a bitch, lately.” “Language,” Clint pipes up from his seat, head laying in Natasha’s lap as one of her hands cards through his hair absentmindedly. Peter rolls his eyes, a thin veil of strained amusement masking his true annoyance. It’s not Clint’s fault Peter isn’t in the mood for jokes. These days, he never really is. “Yeah, sure,” Mr. Stark interrupts the teen’s thoughts, still smirking at him. “I’m sure you’ve been up late because of homework, and not because of the mysterious and elusive ‘MJ’ you were texting the other day.” Peter feels his face heat up, despite the lack of truth to Mr. Stark’s sarcastic words. MJ really is just a good friend of his—nothing more, and nothing less. It would be kind of impossible for him to be interested in her anyway, considering MJ is a girl who’s only into girls, and Peter’s a guy who’s only into gu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Heavy Angst
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Teen Peter Parker
Team as Family
Avengers Family
Oblivious Avengers
Deaf Clint Barton
Protective Avengers
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Depressed Peter Parker
Peter Parker Joins the Avengers
Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified
Peter Parker is a Good Actor
Bullying
don’t hate the team too much
they’ve got a lot going on
but they love and care about peter
don’t think otherwise!
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Gay Peter Parker
Gay Michelle Jones
Insecure Peter Parker
spider-man may not be a menace but the author sure is
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Past Sexual Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Rape/Non-con
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con
Implied/Referenced Underage Prostitution
Do Not Archive
OOC Flash Thompson
basically I made him into a a really awful person when in canon he's only like a minor jerk
whoops
maybe I'll fix that later
healing factors are terribly taken advantage of in this shit
does Thor ever show up? fuck if i know
Slow Updates

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

