Work Text:
Mr. Stark, please! I don’t wanna go, I don’t wanna go! Don’t make me! Please!” Peter cried, desperately grabbing at Tony’s clothes, whom in return, kept batting his hands away.“Kid, you got to stop! Wisdom teeth surgery is not as bad as you’re making it to be.” Tony responded, laughter threatening to escape his mouth and he smirked at the young boy.“Don’t laugh at me! I’m serious, I can not deal with this! I have school, and patrolling, and food to eat, so therefore, I should not get it done.” Peter cried out, glowering at Mr. Stark who now, wasn’t holding back his laughter. “It doesn’t even hurt that bad!”Right as he said that, Bruce Banner, the surgeon for Peter, came up from behind him and poked him the jaw, making Peter gasp in pain. “Yeah, okay Peter, just lay down so we can get the IV in and- ““No!” Peter argued, sitting up, only to be pushed back down on the hospital bed by Tony. “I can’t- Mr. Stark come on, I promise next week we can do it, just not this week cause I’m really busy.”Tony pinched the bridge of his nose in irritation, shutting his eyes. “Peter, if I had a dollar for every time you said that, and then gave it to you, you would be as rich as me. You’re getting it done today, kid, and we aren’t arguing anymore.”“But-!”“Ah! No buts!” Tony interrupted, sending a gentle glare at Peter who just grumbled to himself and slowly laid down, tense. “Thank you, listen I’ll be right here when you wake up and we can get as much ice cream as your tiny body can handle. Okay?”Peter just nodded, fear evident in his eyes as he stuck himself to the bed. His powers tended to get stronger when he felt danger, even though he trusted both Bruce and Tony. But the idea of being knocked out terrified him. Too many thoughts were running through his head as Bruce began to wipe down the center of his arm with disinfectant, making his arm tingle in preparation of the IV needle.“Alright, Peter? I’m going to put the needle in now, okay? You can’t tense up or panic because that will make it more difficult.” Bruce explained calmly.Tony nodded along and suddenly felt a strong grip on his hand. He looked down and saw Peter staring directly into his eyes as he held onto the older man’s hand. His gaze was unwavering, eyes wide and expecting the pain. Tony smiled softly and calmly maneuvered his grip, so he could rub his thumb over Peter’s knuckles. Peter still kept eye contact as Bruce injected the needle, Peter wincing at the feeling but Tony just squeezed his hand in reassurance. Peter returned the grip with a little bit more strength than Tony and let out a low whine. Bruce kept his eyes on the IV bag, dripping down the tube into the needle where it was slowly beginning to affect Peter. Tony could tell it was affecting the younger boy because his eyes were starting shut, even as he desperately tried to fight it. He kept his grip with Tony until he was completely knocked out.The surgery went considerably well. Bruce managed to go through the entire process with no issues, except for Tony’s noises of disgust. He would’ve left but he promised Peter that he would be with him the whole time and it would break his heart if Peter panicked upon waking up. As Bruce was cleaning up, a soft moan caught Tony’s attention. Looking over, Peter’s eyes drifted around the room, not really noticing anything or really aware of what was around him.“Hey, Pete,” Tony said gently, causing Peter to grin at the older man, his gauze now red and drool dribbling down his chin. “Looking great, kiddo. Can you say anything? Are you in any pain or need stuff? I have no idea how to handle this… uh, you want water?”But Peter didn’t say anything, just smiled at Tony, his eyes glassy. Tony couldn’t help but smirk at the kid and gently ruffle his hair. Peter’s reaction time was a lot slower considering the fact Bruce had to get an extremely strong medication, so he would be out of it for a while. “I like water… I like everyone. I like May, Ned, MJ, Mr. Stark, Happy, Bruce, my teachers… good people.” Peter mumbled out, slightly incoherent the more he spoke. “It’s a good thing…”Tony frowned at that last part. “What’s a good thing?”Peter just rolled his head around on the pillow, smiling softly. “Life.”The older man just chuckled at the ridiculousness of the boy. “Yeah, it sure is.” Peter went quiet at that as his head rolled to the side and he fell asleep, his mouth open to show the gauze and blood. In response, Tony grabbed a book and kept himself next to the bed, scared that Peter would wake up and freak out after not seeing him. It didn’t take him long to wake up because as soon as he did, his face scrunched up in pain.“Mr. Stark? Miste- Mr. Stark come here.” Peter groaned out, grumpily, reaching out towards Tony.Tony bit back a laugh yet again as he held Peter’s hand. “I’m right here, kiddo, see? Same place as last time.”Peter let out a low giggle as his eyes drooped. “You’re funny Mr. Stark.... hey Mr. Stark?”Tony could feel frustration building u
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
Wisdom Teeth
You all asked for this

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

