Work Text:
 Peter's back was pressed firmly against his wall, Deadpool's hand pinning his wrists above his head, his other hand firmly grasping his hip hard enough to leave bruises. The barely-there edge of pain made it so much sweeter.Logically he knew he'd be able to get out of his hold with no issue at all, but there was something so thrilling about being restrained that he couldn't bring himself to fight it.Their masks had been tossed to the floor haphazardly, lips pressed together in a needy kiss that was more panting into each other's mouth than actual kissing. Hearts hammering against ribcages, adrenaline still coursing through their veins after what had been a rather exciting chase through the city, criminals who were not very eager to be caught. They both needed an outlet for all of the pent-up energy and this certainly wasn't the first time they ended up at one of their apartments, desperate to get the other naked.Wade's hips were grinding against his own and Peter's back arched off the wall, shoulders straining slightly from the angle. He let out a quiet moan at the new and wonderful friction and eagerly pushed back. This clearly encouraged Wade because the grip on his wrists tightened and his head moved down to press a line of kisses up Peter's neck."God... I want to absolutely ruin you, baby boy." Wade whispered in a way that made something inside Peter ache for more and turned his knees to jelly. His mind was completely blank, nothing existing but Wade's body pressed so close to his own, his heat seeping through the suit that he couldn't wait to get off."F-fuck... Daddy..." He groaned, tipping his head back to give Wade more access to his neck. He didn't even realize what he'd said until Wade stopped moving completely, frozen in place. "I-I mean... shit, I didn't mean, I'm so-" Peter felt blood rush to his face, heating up his cheeks in embarrassment as he squirmed against Wade's hold on his wrist.Peter continued stammering excuses, but Wade quickly shut him up by pressing their lips together again, this time with even more lust and want poured into it. He couldn't help but melt into the kiss, letting Wade take full control.When he pulled away - way too soon for Peter's liking - Peter finally dared to look up at Wade again, convinced that he wasn't gonna get the hell out after being exposed to Peter's kink. His eyes were dark and predatory, looking at Peter like he wanted to devour him. Something stirred inside his gut at that, a sharp spike of arousal shooting through him."Christ... Wade, I..." He managed to force out, chest heaving slightly. A dangerous smirk crossed Wade's features."Shh... Daddy's gonna take care of you." And fuck, if Peter thought he'd been hard before it was nothing compared to what those words did to him. Wade let go of his wrists and Peter's hands fell down to his side. "On your knees." Was all he said, his voice deeper than Peter could remember, his lips close to Peter's ear.Peter didn't even hesitate, dropping down so quickly he was sure there were going to be bruises there, too. He looked up at Wade and licked his lips, his breathing coming a little heavier than before.A hand carded through Peter's hair and Wade wasted no time pulling his cock out of his suit, pants pushed down just enough. "That's a good boy." The praise made Peter's insides do a funny flip and he leaned in to lick a stripe up Wade's shaft to the tip where he was already leaking. The precum tasted bitter on his tongue. He slowly took the head into his mouth and sucked lightly, swirling his tongue around. He pulled out every trick he knew, wanting to make it good for Wade, wanting to be good for Wade. He knew he was successful when he heard Wade moan above him.That was about as much patience as Wade appeared to have for 'taking it slow', because not much later the hand in his hair tightened almost painfully and Wade eagerly pushed into Peter's waiting mouth, taking no time to ease him into it. Peter couldn't help but groan around the thick cock filling him.Wade was setting the pace, and it definitely wasn't a gentle one, forcing Peter to take as much as he could. After a certain point, there was no more room for tricks. All Peter could do was let Wade have his way as he tried to breathe through his nose, tears starting to form in the corners of his eyes.Peter squeezed his eyes shut, wanting to focus on the feeling of being used, but a light tug on his hair made him open his eyes again. "Wanna see your pretty eyes while daddy fucks your throat." Peter groaned again. His own dick was straining against where it was still trapped behind the suit, desperate to be touched. His hand that had been resting on his lap until now was slowly making its way towards his crotch, unable to resist the urge to grind into his own palm to get some sense of relief.That relief didn't last very long.Barely two seconds later Wade stopped moving and looked down at Peter, a look on his face that Peter couldn't decipher. "That's
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Daddy Kink
top!wade
Bottom!Peter
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Dom/sub Undertones
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Orgasm Delay/Denial

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

