Chapter 1: The One Where They Jump
    




Chapter Text
It starts with a recommendation in the middle of a fight in downtown New York. “God, this is so boring, I could do this in my sleep,” Clint complains. He fires an arrow at one of the bad guys who dubbed themselves The Leaping Men, a group of twenty-two troublemakers who had too much time and money on their hands. It hits the man, who yelps in surprise as he falls to the pavement with a resounding thud after being electrocuted by said arrow. “See? Easy peasy, I didn’t even have to look at the dude.” “Hawkeye, now is not the time to gloat your archery skills,” Steve says over the comms as he knocks out another Leaping Man. Seriously, where are all these bad guys coming from? “Falcon, on your left!” “Damn it!” Sam yells too late as one of their enemies manage to hit his wing with a powerful kick. Sam, who was flying lower than usual to help assist the other Avengers fighting on ground, goes down. Before the Leaping Man can reach Sam, Steve manages to throw his shield and knock the guy out before he could lift a hand to the grenade strapped to his belt. “I agree with Clint,” Natasha interjects just then. “This is more annoying than threatening.” “Wow, I don’t want to know what you guys count as ‘threatening’,” Peter answers as he webs another Leaping Man’s legs and arms. Then he cheekily adds, “What if we play some music? I’m not talking classical or, like, jazz or something. Maybe something upbeat? I don’t know.” “That’s not a bad idea, Underoos,” Tony comments in glee. He then sees one of the Leaping Men still standing throw a grenade towards Steve and Clint’s direction and immediately fires a repulsor to counteract the attack. “Got any requests?” “Thanks, Tony,” Steve grins sheepishly at Tony when he turns towards the sound of the bomb. Tony winks and makes a clicking noise in acknowledgement. “Don’t sweat it, Cap,” Tony says with a grin. “FRI, how many more are still standing?” “There are ten left, sir,” FRIDAY answers instantly. “Three of them are jumping their way to 5th street while the rest are scattering themselves.” Tony relays FRIDAY’s answer to the team as he circles back to the others regrouping. “There are ten lords a-leaping across 2nd and 3rd Avenue, Cap. What’s your call?” “We divide and conquer,” Steve says, ignoring the others snorting and snickering over the comms. “Spider-Man and Falcon, chase the ones on 5th street. Hawkeye and Widow, take the street across; Vision and Scarlet, take 3rd Avenue; Iron Man, I want you up in the sky and keep an eye on their whereabouts. Let’s wrap this whole thing up quickly before more civilians get hurt.” “Aye aye, Captain!” Peter salutes over the comms. “I think we could use some music now, Tin Man,” Clint requests again as he and Natasha start to run towards 7th street. “Are you really that bored, Clint?” Wanda asks, sounding amused. “I think it has less to do with being bored and more to do with his bucket list,” Vision points out. “What bucket list?” Sam asks, his interest piqued. “Makes me feel like I’m in an action movie, y’know?” Clint replies then, and it’s obvious the man is grinning. “Besides, everything’s better with music!” “Man-child,” Natasha quips. Clint shrugs. “Didn’t say I wasn’t.” “Guys, seriously,” Steve begins with a reprimanding tone. Tony can perfectly imagine Captain America rolling his eyes as he sprints towards 3rd Avenue. “Say no more, birdbrain,” Tony cuts in before Steve can say anything else. “I got just the right song for your epic fight scene.” To FRIDAY, he says, “FRI, play Untitled Playlist Number 5.” “Got it, boss.” There’s a momentary silence before a familiar tune starts to play across the whole team’s comms. “Oh, you are kidding me,” Natasha murmurs. “I love this song!” Sam exclaims in glee. Peter whoops and Tony swears he hears Vision snort. 
”I get up, and nothin' gets me down
You got it tough, I've seen the toughest around!”
 Clint, meanwhile, cackles. “I love me some Van Halen. Nice touch on that reference, Tony.” Steve groans. “I don’t understand that reference.” Tony laughs and then requests FRIDAY to increase the volume. “Song title’s ‘Jump’, Steve. ‘Cos, you know, Leaping Men? Yeah, okay, that sounded so lame coming from my mouth.” Steve sighs. “Might as well JUMP!” Sam, Peter, and Clint shout over the comm. “Go ahead and jump! JUMP!” “Idiots,” Natasha murmurs, but everyone can hear the fondness in her tone, as well as the sound of another Leaping Man going down thanks to her Widow’s Bite. Tony does a loop in the air to avoid another grenade and then fires a repulsor at the fourth — or was it fifth? — to last Leaping Man. God, that’s such a fucking mouthful. Before they know it, the rest of the Leaping Men (see? It’s a fucking mouthful!) have been taken down, and the song hasn’t even reached its end yet. “Told you things are better with music,” Clint states smugly once the last bad guy is down and he’s now occupying himself with collecting his arrows. For on
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Avengers
Team as Family
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Action
Fluff and Humor
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
BAMF Avengers
Domestic Avengers
pop culture references
A lot of music from the 70's - 80's
Swearing
Family of Choice
Precious Peter Parker
Tony-centric
BAMF Tony Stark
Steve Rogers Feels
Slow Burn
Falling In Love
Fluff and Angst
Cuddling & Snuggling
Avengers Family
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

