Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Honestly, Tony should have seen this whole thing coming a long time ago. Hindsight’s a goddamn bitch.
 
*
 
It started out innocently enough: for Peter’s sixteenth birthday, Tony wanted to get him something. Totally normal, right? The kid had definitely earned it, what with helping Tony in times of need in Germany and the whole friendly neighborhood Spider-Man business. And Tony had an obscene amount of money while the kid didn’t. Easy equation. No reason not to, really.
Tony was in fact a bit proud that he’d remembered Peter’s birthday was coming up. He’d gotten better at keeping track of stuff like that – character development, yay for him.
Tony considered his options, pointedly not thinking about all the gifts he used to shower Pepper with back when, in a desperate yet misguided attempt to make up for all his other failings.
In the end, he simply went with the newest StarkPhone. He’d seen the Android travesty the kid was using now, and that just would not do.
The smile lighting up Peter’s face when Tony presented his gift a week later was refreshingly genuine. Tony had to hide his smile when he saw the reverent way in which Peter was holding the phone, like cradling a baby, precious cargo. And he didn’t even know yet what tweaks and special upgrades Tony had done to the phone.
For the rest of the day, while they were running calculations in the workshop, upgrading the Spider-Suit together (‘cause someone had to teach the kid how it was done), Peter would keep smiling at Tony when he thought the older man wasn’t looking, something soft and akin to hero worship shining in his big eyes.
It had been a long time since Tony had felt this good about himself.
 
*
 
A few weeks later, Tony went to Germany for the first time since the, ahem, altercation in Leipzig. He tried to push the memories down, deep into the recesses of his mind, locked them up and left. It worked moderately well.
Still, Tony Stark couldn’t avoid an entire country just because he’d had a fight with his (friends, family) colleagues there.
Bringing home souvenirs for the ones he cared about had always come naturally for him. So what if the pile of things he brought back to the States with him, was almost entirely made up of Expo tech, shiny new gadgets and freshly developed technology, some of it still in beta, all of it for Peter? He simply knew what the kid liked, what he would genuinely enjoy. Sue him for maybe having lost control a little when this was the first time he felt sure of what to get someone.
 
*
 
Peter valiantly tried to refuse the souvenirs, “no, r-really, Mr. Stark, it’s too much, I can’t accept this”, but Tony had seen the hunger in Peter’s expression when he’d first laid eyes on the tech, which made trying to refuse Tony an exercise in futility. Peter was going to take it, no matter what he said.
Considering that Tony had already been a stubborn ass when the kid hadn’t even been born yet, it was no wonder that, in the end, Peter caved. He hemmed, and hawed, but then he finally, finally shut up.
Tony didn’t expect the hug for his trouble, especially when he had rejected the kid’s affections so many times before. He simply hugged back, still a little baffled. Surely this couldn’t be this big of a deal?
It seemed that way, though, so Tony shut up and grinned to himself, accepting the kid’s weirdly satisfying gratitude.
 
*
 
It didn’t take long for Tony to notice the condition of Peter’s jeans, obviously worn down, fraying at the knees and hems, and not in that artificial way that’s supposed to show off how little of a fuck you give –  it was the unintentional kind of wear and tear.
Now that he thought of it, most of Peter’s clothing seemed to be a bit past its prime, and Tony couldn’t believe he hadn’t seen it earlier. It was so obvious now that the kid desperately needed some new clothes.
Before he could stop himself, he gave the loops on the back of Peter’s jeans a playful tug, hoping this would come across the right way, more playful than patronizing.
“Hey, kiddo, you do know you can ask me if you ever need anything?” 
Peter turned to look at him, confused. “Yeah, I – obviously. I mean, you’ve already made me the suit, and then you gave me the phone, which was so nice, I love it! Seriously, Mr. Stark, I’m good. But I know you’re here, erm, here for me, so…” He trailed off, apparently still not quite getting what Tony was trying to say.
And Tony appreciated it, he really did. All of his life, he’d been surrounded by people asking for things, demanding stuff, having their own agenda (with a few exceptions, of course), so it was a nice change of pace for Peter to be so very obvious guileless and earnest in his interactions with Tony, simply happy to have his attention. It made Tony want to give him even more nice things.
Well, if Peter wasn’t getting it – not like Tony needed permission to spend money. He made a mental note to order some nice, form-fitting Versace jeans for Peter later and have the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Difference
Denial
Pining
accidental sugar daddy!Tony
Daddy Kink
Romantic Cliches
obviously
cause that's the kind of person I am

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

