Chapter 1: The Choice
    




Chapter Text
Have you ever had one of those moments where your entire world turns upside down?In the last 24 hours, Peter Parker’s life has not only turned upside, but it had simultaneously imploded as well.Finding out that you are an omega is hard. Finding out that you are an omega when you are also an Avenger is harder. Finding out that you are an omega when you are also an Avenger and stuck inside the Avenger compound for the duration of your first heat with the rest of the Avengers is the hardest.Peter had always assumed that he would be a beta; he had hoped to be an alpha, but he knew that realistically it was going to be beta. It never even occurred to him that he would be an omega. He really did have shit luck.It was bad enough that the Avengers (himself included) had been quarantined in the building after an encounter with an alien carrying some disease from outer space. So far, the disease either hadn’t been transferred to the Avengers or it had no side effects, because no one had noticed anything out of the ordinary. Even so, the CDC and the government had decided not to take any risks of possible exposure to the rest of the planet.That was fine; Peter understood that it was better to be safe than sorry. However, they had given them no concrete information about when they were clear to leave; just vague mentions of “soon” or “eventually.” And even worse (in his opinion) was that his eighteenth birthday happened to occur during this confinement, so he had to celebrate without Aunt May or his best friends, Ned and MJ. Despite all of that, Peter had tried to keep a positive attitude. The other Avengers had been very kind to him, throwing a small party using the supplies that they had, and Peter had been flattered by their effort.But when he presented as an omega that night and Bruce confirmed it with a blood test, all hell broke loose.The next 24 hours were a blur to Peter as he listened to everyone argue and panic. He listened distantly to their conversations as if it was someone else's life that they were talking about instead of his own. He felt numb from shock, and his mind was both racing and short-circuiting at the same time.He was able to process the basics of their conversation: his first heat would be starting very soon, and suppressing it was dangerous. The first heat had to be experienced so that the organs and hormones could work themselves out, so skipping it had serious side effects, and none of the other Avengers were even willing to consider that option.Which meant that Peter was going to have to ride out his heat here, with no “supplies” and surrounded by an insane amount of unbonded alpha pheromones. Fantastic, he thought sarcastically. What could possibly go wrong? After much discussion, Peter was left with two options: 1. Go through his heat alone, driving himself and all the alphas around him crazy with their close proximity, or 2. Choose one of them to mate with.Peter had heard horror stories about heats. They were tough on the omega no matter what, but especially when they chose to handle it alone while smelling alphas nearby. The body craved an alpha, and going against your biology was not a fun experience. The compound was large, but not large enough that it would mask their scent to his sensitive nose. Just the knowledge that they were there would probably be enough to torture him the entire time.And it wouldn't be fun for the alphas either. They would be able to smell his distress and desperation, even from the other side of the compound, and they would hear his pained whimpers. Their instincts would be to protect him, and they would be going crazy from not being allowed. All in all, it seemed like an unnecessary amount of hardship.That left option number two, and that's where things got complicated. Peter didn't want to admit that he was a virgin, but he thought that it was better to just get everything out in the open. The Avengers had been horrified at the thought of Peter losing his virginity under these circumstances, and Peter could understand that.He wasn't thrilled about it either, but truthfully, he hadn't been “saving” himself or any of that nonsense; it just hadn't happened yet. He had heard that first times sucked, so maybe it wouldn't be such a bad thing to just get it over with. After some embarrassing persuasion, the other Avengers reluctantly agreed to go along with the original plan.So then it became time for Peter to choose his alpha, and he had no idea what to do. It was his decision, but he didn't want to choose someone that hated the idea of sleeping with him; that would have been humiliating and hurtful. Thankfully, he didn't have to explain that, because Natasha seemed to understand and take over. Peter was so grateful to her that he could have kissed her (though, given the circumstances, that was probably a bad idea).She had Peter step out of the room while she asked each member of the group if they were willing to mate 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crack Treated Seriously
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Explicit Sexual Content
Mpreg
Alternate Universe
Fluff
Porn With Plot
Porn with Feelings
Omega Peter Parker
Everyone loves Peter
Polyamory
Angst
Violence

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Thor
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

