Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 Peter is ten years old when he finally says something. 

He sits in the middle of a pile of Bionicle pieces that Ned had brought over to share (cogs and little plastic face plates, reminds him of Iron Man, man, he loves Iron Man). He likes Ned a lot, especially since they both know what it's like to not fit in: people make fun of Ned because he's a little bigger than the other kids, and people make fun of Peter because he's smaller than the other kids. And he only gets weirder with time, of course. But even if Peter chews his nails down to a painful nub, or plucks parts of his eyebrow, or grinds his teeth when he sleeps, or wears jackets when it's muggy and hot outside, or has to change his sheets sometimes, Ned doesn't really care. 

Ned's just Ned, and he's super cool with his LEGO sets and expensive superhero action figures. He doesn't need anything in return, in order to be friends. Peter's surprised by this, because he was under the assumption as of late that friendships required special favors; it helps settle his stomach, when the other boy spends the night and absolutely nothing happens. In the days that follow their new bond, they both help each other with their tiny state floats for history; Peter's got California for his project, and he builds a surfer with his surfboard out of nuts and bolts and tacky glue; Ned took Nevada, so he'd stolen dice from the Yahtzee board at his house and bam, Las Vegas, land of lots of money and lights. Peter can't imagine it being any cooler than Broadway, but it apparently is pretty hardcore.

"Hey, Peter? Earth to Peter," Ned waves a hand in front of his face, and Peter just sits straighter and smiles wide like he usually does when he's caught spacing off. Oh, right. Bionicle set. He snaps one toy arm socket into another, and it's satisfying; building things feels nice; it makes sense and accomplishes things. These are the activities he likes doing. He'd owe a million favors like this, if he could. He'd build all day long.

"Sorry. Just thinking." 

"Yeah, you do that. I'm gonna go make puppy eyes 'til your aunt gives us more snacks." 

Ned thinks Uncle Ben is kind of scary, since he can be real strict and serious sometimes, but Peter knows he's not all lectures or warnings. Aunt May always surrenders to the needs of the boys, though, even after a long day at work. So they sit with their completed figures and eat pizza bites (Peter loves pizza), and Peter's stomach is fluttering with the need to say something, anything. Because the bedroom door is closed. And he's not allowed to say anything to May or Ben, but nobody said anything about Ned — Ned, who gave him a Han Solo figure, free of charge. Ned, who shoved Peter's bully at school once at his boiling point and got in trouble. Ned, who had kept turning down all of Peter's fervent apologies... Good ol' Ned, who thinks Peter's really funny and really smart.

But even though he thinks Peter is smart, he doesn't make him do anything he doesn't want to do.

"Hey, Ned?"

"Mmph?"

"Did you ever get babysat?" He sits up, pushing his rounded glasses back up his nose with the edge of his palm. Sniffs, like it's not really a big deal. Like it's just casual conversation between friends, and not something that'll potentially ruin his whole friendship. "By, like... teenagers?"

Ned licks his fingers and wipes them on his pants. "My nana usually watches me, since she's super retired."

Peter's resolve dwindles, and he 'oh's, quiet and surrendered. Ned's perceptive, though. He's just as smart as Peter, even if he doesn't say it very much; he likes to bolster Peter's shrunken pool of confidence. "You have a babysitter, right? Steven? He seems cool. I mean, teenagers are supposed to be cool, I dunno."

"... He's cool..." Peter chews his fingernail. "He's, um, like. You know. He's cool."

Peter's stomach feels really bad. Maybe the pizza rolls were cursed by an ancient monk. He shouldn't have eaten so fast, but it doesn't account for how itchy his skin feels, or the way his toes curl in their socks. But he plays it cool like Steven Westcott, because he wants to be just as cool as him. "I don't know. Do you — Is it normal to, like, um..." He smooths his shirt down with his splayed hands. "Do you have friends who, who, who. Who... Do things? With you?" 

"Uuuh, yeah? Peter, friends do things with each other. Like how we're eating pizza rolls."

Ned throws his hands out, a grand gesture to the almost empty paper plates they came served on. Peter looks at them, at the finished Bionicle sets, at their half-done presentations for school... His stomach hurts worse, and he pulls his knees up a little more. "No, no, I know. I meant... I mean... He told me friends'll touch each other — like, you know. Touching — down there." His voice becomes a whisper, because if Aunt May or Uncle Ben heard him through the door, he'd never forgive himself.

"... Peter, what d'you mean?"

It's slow and uncertain, because as much 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & May Parker

freeform: 
No graphic abuse happens
but it happens pre-fic
and almost happens in the fic
Please head the main warnings
it's not an easy read
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Molestation
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
CSA warning
a close call of CSA in fic

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & May Parker

