Chapter 1: Blood In The Dark
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony's head is driving him mad.Not his brain, either. It's his head that feels like it's swimming, which means he'd been drugged, just what he needed to ruin the week he'd planned to spend with his son- uh, intern, his intern.He goes to rub his head but his hands don't move, an obvious clue that he's been tied down, again. Sighing to himself, he finally pays attention to his surroundings and notices he's in a dimly-lit square of a room, sat on a metal chair with metal straps around his wrists and ankles. It's uncomfortable and cold and clearly designed for long-term use.The world is still blurry and he can't see more than a few centimetres in any direction so he doesn't know if he has company or not. Clearly, this room is designed to confuse whoever is placed inside, which probably makes it more useful for getting information out of people.Great.The last thing he needs is someone taking him hostage or getting revenge or whatever else excuse they seem to be making these days. He's not even scared anymore, he's just utterly fed up of being stuck in a position where he doesn't have the tiniest amount of control."Mister Stark?"Scratch that.He's scared.He's so scared."Pete?" He asks, hoping nobody replies and that he'd been imagining things. Madness, or anything else really, would be preferable to his kid - his intern, he's just his intern - being here too."I'd hope so. Mister Stark, are you alright? You've been out for hours!"Hours? It takes him a minute to remember Peter's enhanced metabolism would reduce the effect of drugs. He kicks himself for taking so long to regain consciousness and leaving the teenager to try and cope by himself, the only silver lining being that the dark reduces any chances of sensory overload."You've been alone for hours?" He asks, hating the very idea.He hears a small, nervous chuckle. "There was a man who came in before but he got tired of my voice so he left."Tony's eyes narrow at that. He'd left? He can't remember even one kidnapper who'd ever left the room instead of gagging him when he'd annoyed them but there has to be something he's missing."And now I'm here," someone announces, clearly having been in the room for a while because Tony hadn't heard any doors open. So that's what he'd been missing..."Who are you? What do you want?" Tony demands immediately, squinting at the gloom and struggling to locate the source of the voice."Having trouble seeing?" the voice mocks. Tony holds in his sarcasm, listening out for anything that can help them. He shuts his eyes after a few seconds of silence, still hearing nothing... Until Peter gasps.His eyes fly open, his limbs automatically straining to get free. "What are you doing? Leave him alone!""I'm okay, Mister Stark, really," Peter says, his voice a little strained but not hinting at any injuries. Tony dimly wonders if Peter can still see him, considering that his eyesight is far more advanced."Who are you?" Tony asks, less demanding this time."Someone whose mentor you'll regret killing," they reply, followed by Peter crying out, stifling it too late for Tony not to hear."Pete? Kid, what's happened, what's wrong?" Tony asks, trying not to panic but panicking anyway."Enjoy the darkness," the voice says. Footsteps echo and a door opens to the left of Tony, letting a tiny amount of light in.He'd usually look outside the door to try and figure out where he is but he chooses to look around for Peter instead, realising they're opposite each other and catching what he thinks is a glimpse of blood on Peter's neck before the light fades once more.Tony groans in frustration. "Are you bleeding?""It's not deep," Peter replies.But he is bleeding. Tony wants to punch something. Or someone. Or himself. He can't do any of those, though, because he's tied up and still a little drowsy."Mister Stark?""Yeah, kid?""Thanks for wanting to spend time with me. And for the ice-cream! I never- would never have thought strawberry went so well with mint chocolate chip, you really are a genius! Maybe you can get a PhD in ice-cream? Is that a thing? Probably not, huh? We'll have to, uh, try more when we get out of here! I'm sorry I didn't-""You are not apologising to me right now," Tony interrupts. He knows Peter is babbling because he's scared and he wants nothing more than to wrap his arms around him and assure him everything is alright but he can't move, he can't help, he can't do a single thing and he's never felt more useless.Peter starts to chuckle but it must aggravate his injury because he cuts himself off, leaving the two of them in an uncomfortable silence Tony wishes he could shatter."Did he mention his name?" Tony asks after a while, the silence pressing down on him."No."There's something wrong with Peter's answer but Tony can't place it. He puts it down to Peter being injured but a bad feeling settles in his stomach, weighing him down
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Lots of Angst
More hurt less comfort
Violence
it's a revenge kidnapping
it's gonna be a bit violent
Protective Tony Stark
Insecure Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Kidnapped Peter Parker
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Irondad
spiderson
Torture
Knives
Blood
Crying
Branding
Electrocution
Protective Peter Parker
Memory Loss
unobvious memory loss
Whump
Spiders
Sensory Deprivation
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Whump
Caning
Gags
Temporary Blindness
Punishment
Hugs
father-son bonding in the form of crying
Handcuffs
angsty fluff
i tried so hard
Eventual Fluff
The fluff is at risk
But it's there
Bad Science
I'd make a terrible doctor
Inaccurate injury info
unreliable science
i make no sense
Escape
Malnutrition
Unconsciousness
be wary of tags
implied interwebs
Rescue
BAMF Pepper Potts
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Nightmares
Clinging
Domestic Fluff
Recovery
Tags Are Hard
Angst with a Happy Ending
Happy Ending
it's unlikely i'll come back and add to this
but i left it on a happy note i promise
so it's probably as complete as it'll ever be

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Tony Stark

