Work Text:
     Deadpool and Spiderman were loitering on the fire escape of a department store twelve stories up off the ground. The midnight moonlight bathed the pair in silver as Wade had Peter pinned against the brick wall. His arms were braced on either side of Peter’s head, keeping him blocked in as they slowly made-out.     Peter felt like a high school cheerleader pinned up against her locker by her quarterback boyfriend. Wade definitely looked intimidating as he leaned against him, mask rolled up halfway, katanas strapped to his back, but holy damn, didn’t that just turn him on even more. In comparison to his appearance though, Wade had been gentle when he had pushed him to the wall where they had been kissing for the past thirty minutes now.     The streets of Manhattan had been pleasantly quiet as the pair had patrolled, so while they had been traveling by rooftop, Wade had suddenly placed a hand on Peter’s shoulder and spun him so his back was against the brick.     Peter stood in surprised silence as Wade lifted his own mask up to his nose before repeating the action for his mask. Then, pressing his body flush against his, he kissed him passionately.     Sometimes Wade got like this, strangely quiet and very needy, and Peter wondered if the boxes were giving him a hard time tonight. He noticed how sometimes Wade would hold him so tightly it was like he was afraid that he would disappear between his fingers at any moment. He would try to comfort him as gently as he could. He couldn’t know for sure what the voices in his boyfriend’s head said to Wade 100% of the time, but he knew that they could be cruel and self-deprecating. Sometimes they beat him down so badly Peter had to spend an hour reassuring Wade that things were okay; that he wasn’t going anywhere, that he loved him no matter what. End of argument.     Tonight Wade seemed quiet and pensive, but he also seemed content enough. A lazy smile was plastered on his rough face as he took his time kissing every inch of exposed skin he could reach; cheek, earlobe, jawline, Adam’s apple-- it didn’t matter.     If Wade was so relaxed and happy, then whatever had gotten into his head couldn’t be too bad. Peter just let himself soak in the affection Wade was doting on him.     “God, Spidey, watching you move tonight, all nimble and oh-so-flexible? I could barely keep my hands off of you,” Wade rasped in his ear.     Peter smiled as Wade pecked his lips quickly before moving on again to some new spot of skin. “Well, I guess that restraint couldn’t last forever, huh?” he teased.       “I am but a simple mortal man, basking in the ethereal, heavenly glory of that ass,” Wade answered soulfully, making Peter snort out a laugh.       Wade waited happily until Peter was done laughing before cupping the side of his face to pull him back into a deep kiss. Peter could feel himself getting hard against Wade's hips and decided that they needed to get somewhere a lot more private.     “Let’s go back to your place,” he whispered, trying to be seductive as he rubbed his hands appreciatively across Wade’s chest and neck.     “You know,” Wade paused as he watched Peter’s hands move, “it could be your place too.”     “Are… are you asking me to move in?” he asked surprised.     “I mean, you’re practically in my bed every night anyways,” Wade said with a suggestive smirk, making Peter blush at the implication. “You only use that tiny, cardboard box of an apartment to change clothes.”     Wade did have a point. For the past four weeks after becoming more than just friends, Peter had stayed at Wade’s every night. He had even cleaned out a drawer for him to keep spare clothes in, and that was obviously the first step into moving in, right?     However, there was still the facade Peter Parker had to keep up. What would he do if Ned or M.J. asked to come over like they sometimes did and Peter had to say sorry, he had moved in with some  guy  that they had never even heard of before?     “I don’t know, I mean, there’s like, Ned and M.J. to think about, and…”     “No, I get it,” Wade said, pulling back to rest his hands against the metal railing behind him. “It’s not like you could ever introduce Deadpool to your friends anyway.” Peter instantly missed the warmth of Wade against him and reached out to his frowning boyfriend.     “No…” he began, placing his hands on Wade’s neck, “but I could introduce them to Wade Wilson.”     Wade chuckled sadly. “That might be even worse, baby boy.”     “It’ll be fine, Wade,” he reassured. “I’m sure Ned and M.J. will be cool with it. I mean, after I break the news that I’ve been secretly seeing someone for the past month without telling them that is. But I’m sure that they’ll like you!” he encouraged.     “This,” Wade said as he motioned to himself with a limp hand, “is a lot to process, Webs.”     “I think you’ll be surprised at the level of weirdness that my friends can deal with,” he said with a smile as he pressed his mouth back to Wade’s. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff and Smut
Smut
Kissing
Oral Sex
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Deepthroating
69 (Sex Position)
Come Swallowing
Shower Sex
Virgin Peter Parker
Established Relationship
Boyfriends
Deadpool Thought Boxes

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

