Chapter 1: The Needs of the Many
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

  Why Wakanda decided to re-join the world when they did?  

2016 - Before Civil War.
His scientists were the first to notice the structure, of course they were. While it was his duty to look out for Wakanda’s best interests, and that includes their international relations, it was more politically inclined that the ‘outside’s scientific fields and, T’Chaka supposed, that was his first mistake, Wakanda’s first mistake. They bought their own hubris, they got used to being able to claim themselves ‘the most advanced country in the world’ and that didn’t include only their tech but their religion, their ethics, their culture. So comfortable with their self-proclaimed title that they became stagnated in their advances, T’Chaka could see it in Shuri, his youngest, his only daughter.She was brilliant, young, a genius by anyone’s definition. Yet… she has yet to produce a new thought, a new approach, Shuri only took what they already had to use in new ways, but the base was always something someone else came up with, the material always Vibranium. If the most promising of the new generation of scientists, his own daughter, whose education T’Chaka put no limits and expanded to the best of his efforts, was unable or unwilling to have completely new ideas from scratch… what does it say for the rest of Wakanda?And now this? The paper was almost six years old, by one Dr. Anthony Edward Stark and his new, literally homemade element: Starkium. Well, the original name was Badassium but the man ran into some legal issues to patent under that particular name, T’Chaka had to smile a little at that, his son could use some humor in that stern personality of his, even the scandalous kind like this.Either way, it has been six years since it was published and it was only now that Stark managed to commercialize the element that it was brought to his attention… hubris? Did his men think that Stark would be unable to mass produce and sell it? Well, whatever the reason – that T’Chaka fully intended to find out lest it be repeated – it didn’t change their situation right now.It wasn’t the first time they faced a similar… competition. Almost a decade earlier, ever since the X-Men were made public by large and, particularly, Wolverine’s claws were target of interest, Adamantium has been mined and used in a variety of ways, still, the metal was harder to manipulate, heavier and had different and less applications than Vibranium, even if, unlike Vibranium, Adamantium was no longer considered ‘mythological’, but Wakanda still had an edge by a large margin as far as Adamantium was concerned.Starkium on the other hand… compared to Vibranium much in the same way optic fibers compared to copper wires. Same applications, better conduit… except the price and the limit of the source. While, like any other mineral, Vibranium was finite, Starkium could be produced for as long as Stark Industries could generate energy… and they had an Arc Reactor. As it stands, in a few years the only ones to look for the very pricey and relatively ‘rare’ Wakandan Vibranium instead of its much cheaper and common alternative, Starkium, would be those in the elite of society that liked the ‘unique’, but those people were more than happy to buy some exotic trinket and that would be it.The king sighed and rubbed his face, it was unbecoming of someone that had his responsibilities but right now, T’Chaka slumped in his chair.~*~His son’s expression could be considered bratty and T’Chaka had all the desire to call him out on it… in private at later date, “Father, this is ridiculous.” And T’Chaka’s determination had a dent, “What matter to us even if this son of thieves produces something like Vibranium? The source is still protected as our sacred relic.”And the king had no idea how to even begin with this display of… of arrogance and ignorance from his own progeny! And even worse: his daughter had no words to contradict anything just uttered.“T’Challa, after our discussion, I wish to know who taught you such things but for now, let me address this, why do you believe Anthony Stark to be the son of thieves?”“His father, Howard Stark, is famous for the production of that American soldier, the round shield, the American government is quick to brag about the indestructible shield.”“If that was so, in isolation or not, I would take proper action for the Vibranium to be returned to our land. But do tell me this, what do you remember of the history lessons regarding the origins of Vibranium?”“Many years ago, it came from the skies. Today we know that to be a meteorite, its properties spread far and the metal at the core mined and studied and applied to build Wakanda into what it is today.”“Yes, the hardest metal on Earth or not, our forefathers were able to mine it and build primitive technologies with it due to the fact that the entrance in Earth’s atmosph
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Black Panther (2018) Compliant
Moderated due to sudden influx of trolls in ao3
Kind of a fix-it
No Mary Sue Shuri
She is a genius
But still a failable human
And that somehow makes me a misogynist racist but ok
Civil War Team Iron Man
BAMF Okoye

fandom: 
None
