Work Text:

The first time May brings her new boyfriend home, Peter feels weird about it. She’s gone on a couple of dates since Uncle Ben died, but none that she brought home to introduce to Peter, so he knows it’s more serious. 

 

The man, James, seems nice enough. He’s tall and broad shouldered, his hair is styled back and he’s wearing a sharp outfit—he and May had just gotten back from a date at an expensive restaurant. He has a good job as an accountant for a big firm, so he could easily afford to pay for both May and himself. May had met him online, and the sparks had flown from there. 

 

He smiles and shakes Peter’s hand. “Strong grip you have there, Pete,” and Peter laughs nervously. He feels a strange tightness in his chest when he sees James straighten up and wrap an arm around May’s shoulder, like Uncle Ben used to do. He feels strangely possessive of her in that moment, but he swallows the feeling down. 

 

“Your aunt has been dying for me to meet you, Pete,” James says, and Peter feels weird about the nickname when he never even talked to the guy before. 

 

Aunt May laughs. “Finally, the two important men in my life are introduced to each other!” 

 

Peter smiles. He makes eye contact with James and his expression makes him feel uneasy. He smiles with all of his teeth. He almost looks like he is sizing Peter up. Peter feels a prick of his Spidey senses flaring up on the back of his neck. 

 

This is the start. 

 

—

 

May is having James come over to watch Peter while she picks up an extra shift at work. 

 

“Come on May, I’m almost sixteen… I don’t need to be 

babysat.”


 

“Hey, don’t give me that. I still never feel comfortable about leaving you in the apartment by yourself, even though I know you can handle it,” May says from the bathroom as she puts on her makeup. “Besides, I think it would be good for you two to have some boy time. We’ve been dating for almost three months now and you two have barely gotten to know each other! I need to fix that.” 

 

Peter groans. “Please don’t call it 

boy time.” 


 

“I’m sorry,” May exits the bathroom. “Man time. Whatever you want to call it.” 

 

She leans down and kisses Peter’s forehead. He sullenly accepts her hand pushing his hair back and stroking his cheek. 

 

“Hey listen,” May says and pauses until Peter looks her in the eye. “I know he’s not the same as Ben. I don’t expect to ever replace him, so don’t think that’s what I’m doing.” 

 

Peter feels like shit. He didn’t mean to make May feel guilty for dating. 

 

“I know that,” he says quickly. 

 

“I just want you to know that your opinion means the world to me,” May explains. “I want you to like him too. So get to know him, I’m sure you two will get along great.” 

 

Peter smiles at her. May’s life has been tough since Ben’s death. Between being a single working mom, finding out her nephew is a super-powered vigilante, and trying to get along with Stark after learning he kept it all a secret from her, she’s barely had any time to move on from her husband. She has been more active in restarting her love life lately, and Peter doesn’t want to take that away from her just because he’s too stubborn to see her with another man. He would try for her. 

 

He nods. “Alright, May. I’ll give him a shot.” 

 

“That’s my little man,” May beams and kisses him again. “I’m so proud of you.” 

 

There’s a knock on the door a few minutes later. May opens it and James is there. 

 

“Oh, just in time! Thank you 

so 

much for coming over, James!” 

 

“No problem, honey,” James replies. He turns to look at Peter over May’s shoulder and his smile turns forced. “Hey there, champ.” 

 


Again with the nicknames. 


 

“Hey James,” Peter responds. 

 

May looks back and forth between them. “Okay… I gotta go. You two have fun now, okay?”

 

“Sure, May,” Peter promises and gets up from the couch to hug her goodbye. She gives him a kiss and then turns to James to give him the same treatment. Peter averts his eyes. 

 

“I love you,” he hears her murmur to him and he’s glad he turned away so they can’t see his eyes widen. So they really are 

serious. 


 

“Goodbye!” May says one last time before closing the door. 

 

The apartment is enveloped in silence in her absence. Peter looks to James, waiting for him to say something. 

 

“So, uh…” James starts, scratching his neck. “What do you like to do, kid?” 

 

Peter feels annoyance bubble up in his chest. He doesn’t know why he’s so bothered by the nicknames, Tony calls him kid all the time. 

 

“I, uh, well I’m on the decathlon team at school.” 

 

“What’s that, like science shit?” James wrinkles his nose. 

 

Peter shoots him a look of displeasure at the jab and James’ smile falls. “Yeah,” he says flatly. “Science shit.” 

 

They both stand there awkwardly at the door. 

 

“That’s cool,” James says, breaking the silence. “Do you like sports?”

 

“Uh… sometimes,” Peter lies. Truthfully, he couldn’t care less about them. It’s kin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter
Abusive Parents

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

