Chapter 1: He is There
    




Chapter Text
It had taken months.Howard had spent the time purging his company of every single HYDRA agent (and there weren’t many of them, but they were clearly aiming for some very critical offices). He then had to replace them. The screening process was long and arduous. Also, he had no idea that his direct underlings were such an incredible bunch of whiners. They disguised it as rational arguments, but it was still whining about having to do so much work.‘The entire American economy has been infiltrated by a Nazi organisation,’ Howard said. ‘Half of your co-workers got the sack. This is a munitions company.’ As it stood now, anyway. ‘What the hell do you think I pay you for?’So they’d grumbled and they’d done it and they’d quickly learned that Howard didn’t tolerate anyone cutting corners.Due to the fact that, the American Intelligence community had to clean itself up, the suspicions of where James Bachanan Barnes was currently being held was put to the British.
MI6 had been investigating, and they’d finally called him in. Palmer and Acer, the latter of which who had just turned 21, were waiting for him when he arrived in London.They walked into the offices and then were taken to a private conference room. A file was dropped in front of the three. Howard opened it up.‘You were right,’ the guy they’d sent in to debrief them said. ‘Sergeant Barnes is in HYDRA’s custody. We found out they’ve involved him in something called the Winter Soldier Program.’‘The Winter Soldier Program?’ Howard asked. He leaned over and read the data in front of him. He tapped the sheet in front of him. ‘Fennhoff? Yeah, I’ve met this guy but that’s some improvement from what he was doing.’‘What was he using?’‘Hypnotism,’ Howard said. ‘He should be sitting in federal prison right now.’‘He is,’ the agent said. ‘He was in the cell with Arnim Zola.’‘Who’s Arnim Zola?’ Acer asked. ‘I mean, I heard you mention him over New Years but...’ He shrugged.‘A HYDRA scientist who, before this, the American government were considering enlisting. He’s been moved.’‘Good,’ Palmer said. ‘So they’re going to try to apply Fennhoff’s research into brainwashing Barnes, then?’‘That seems to be the basic idea. They’ve already injected Sgt. Barnes with a variation of the serum Dr. Erskine used on Captain America and the Red Skull and they’ve replaced his right arm with a prosthetic. They are now torturing and isolating him – both tactics that are used in breaking people.’Howard twisted his lips.‘They have the serum?’ Acer asked.‘A version of it.’ One of the other agents slid an envelope across the table. Howard opened it and Palmer and Acer leaned over to look.‘As you can see,’ the head agent in the room said, ‘when Dr. Erskine left Germany, he left his formula behind. He was fortunate in that no one else could decode his notes properly, but unfortunate in that the Red Skull offered his brainchild his blood to study. We believe they developed and refined it from that.’‘What kind of state is Barnes in?’ Howard asked.‘He is in cryogenic sleep most of the time,’ the agent said. ‘It seems that at one point, after he was enhanced, he attempted to escape his captors. However, he does not seem to have suffered any of the ill effects that the Red Skull was afflicted by.’‘Can you get him out?’‘We can. Despite the exposure they’ve been subjected to here, they haven’t got too many people on the base.’‘Where is the base?’ Howard asked.‘Siberia.’ The agent hesitated. ‘There is one thing we’d like to ask of you, Mr. Stark.’‘Go ahead.’‘Due to Sgt. Barnes’s enhancements, and the treatment he’s been subjected to, we’re worried he may react defensively if we were to wake him up while we were transporting him. We’ve consulted several experts and they agree that a familiar face may calm him down somewhat. However, his only living family is a sister who was recently married and is currently pregnant, and two brothers, one a nervous wreck, and one missing a limb from a combat injury. Several sources indicated that he admired you and your work.’‘You’d like me to come along.’ Howard nodded. ‘Okay. Yeah. I can do that.’***Howard, Palmer, and Acer were packing for the trip.Siberia meant ice and snow – a lot of ice and snow. Jarvis walked into the room with several laundry bags. ‘I’ve just had your snow coats cleaned and pressed, sir.’‘Thank you, Jarvis,’ Howard said.Jarvis hung them up nearby. He hesitated a moment. ‘Are you sure about this, sir?’‘Bucky should have been handed over when the war ended,’ Howard said. ‘The past few years, he’s been subjected to torture and brainwashing tactics. I can hardly just let him stay there, can I? Besides, he put up with more than enough growing up with Steve.’Jarvis pressed his lips together. ‘I have been meaning to ask something, sir.’‘Go ahead.’‘Why the change of heart on Captain Rogers? You used to speak so highly of him.’Howard stopped packing and looked at him. For a moment he was silent, as if considering.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Howard Stark

freeform: 
Rescue Fic
Not Canon Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not particularly Steve friendly
No Bashing

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Howard Stark

