Work Text:
“I’m a little redundant here, don’t you think?” Stephen complains, cleaning the fiftieth cut and bruise of the day. And it’s far from being the last, judging from the steady pour of injured people coming through the ER doors.“What do you mean?” Christine frowns, finishing setting up the cast on the patient’s left hand.“I’m a neurosurgeon, Dr. Palmer. So I am both redundant and overqualified. I didn’t spend years on med school to do jobs a nurse in training is capable of. Turn your head,” he tells the patient so he can also get the bandaging over with.“And the nurses are doing the job…so are the doctors, the EMT’s and even Dr. Drew is here!” she points at their resident psychiatrist at the back of the ER, wrestling with patients as well.“Exactly. You don’t need me here.”She looks at him with a frown that clearly says she doesn’t believe what she’s hearing. “We need everyone here.”“Why? To smear some peroxide on bruised knees? Come now, a trained monkey could do that,” he rolls his eyes, adjusting the bandage on the patient’s head. “You’re good to go.”Christine nods, helping the woman off the stool and giving her instructions to where to go next. “Have you missed that part where aliens from outer space attacked New York?!” she turns back to him,“Ah, did they really? I thought everyone was joking about that. Clearly all these people got injured during garden barbeque gone wrong.”She shakes her head, looking around the ER for the next patient. “Unbelievable. Just…go help some more people, why don’t you, Doctor Strange? Isn’t that why you became a doctor?”“Not particularly, no,” he ignores her more than disappointed look and goes in search of another broken hand or cut forehead. And there’s plenty to pick from.Great. So much for his plans tonight. God damned aliens and their invasions. He spots a man leaning against the counter of the empty nurse’s station, clothes torn and covered with dirt and blood, a nasty gash on the side of his face. Probably concussed, disoriented…finally something he can work with a little.“You,” he approaches the man. “You’re with me,” he prompts him, nodding at a bed that’s being emptied just then. Better grab it fast before he has to do concussion checks on the stairs.The man gives him a quizzical look, glancing between Stephen and the nursing station, pointing a hand at his chest. “Me?”Yep. Definitely disoriented. “Yes, you with the big bleeding cut on your head? Come on,” he makes a grab for the man’s arm, but he jerks back, distancing himself away.“Uh, no thanks. I’m fine right here.”Why does he always have to pick the difficult ones? “Of course you are,” he retorts with as much sarcasm as he can cram into just four words and gestures with his hands towards the bed. “After you.”He tilts his head and looks Stephen over with an interested glint in his eyes. For a moment it looks like he’s going to complain some more but then he’s on the move. “Alright. I’ll allow that,” he says like it’s supposed to be some sort of great honor.It’s a tone Stephen recognizes well, having used it on numerous occasions himself. Being on the receiving end of it is…new. He scoffs and follows him to the bed, letting him settle before grabbing a nearby tray with tools and bandages. “Do you know what date is it?” he asks, shining a light into the man’s brown eyes.“Really? You want to test my state of consciousness with this easy ass textbook question?”“Pupils are reactive, no bleeding there…unless sass can bleed into retinas, in that case I’m afraid you are terminal. What’s your name?” he opts for question number two, assessing the gash.He frowns, the pained expression obviously not just due to Stephen messing with the wound. “Wow. Okay. I must look like hell,” he mumbles.“That’s a weird name. And no, you look more like you’ve been dragged out of hell, in fact.”The man chuckles but it doesn’t sound amused. “You’d be right about that part, doc. Anyway…up the game a little bit, come on. Date, name, whereabouts…give me a challenge or my brain might just die of boredom.”“This will need stitches but first I’ll have to clean this…what is that even?” he touches the smears of black goo around the wound and the man’s face.“Probably alien snot, I dunno. Was that supposed to be the challenging question?”Stephen groans despite himself and starts cleaning the already infected injury. “Sit still…alright. Challenging, hm? Fine, give me six figures of pi.”“Three point one, four, one, five, nine, two, six, five, three, five, eight, nine, seven, nine, three, two, three, eight, four, six, two…I could go on but we don’t have all day. I said up the game, not make it easier.”Smartass. “I said six figures, not the whole thing…having troubles counting?”“I have a lot of troubles,” he nods, watching Stephen work. “When counting becomes one of them I’ll know I’m doomed.”“What are you, a math teacher? Accountant?” he mocks him, grabbing a needle and a thread.He laughs again, this time with a lot more humor behind it. “A geniu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Post-Avengers (2012)
Pre-Doctor Strange (2016)
Hurt Tony Stark
Doctor Strange saving lives
or at least patching up cuts and bruises
battle of snark and wits
references to Avengers Infinity War
Minor Spoilers

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

