Chapter 1: Oops! I Did It Once (Peter)
    




Chapter Text
This evening had started like many others since Peter had proved the validity of [Jerking Off + Fantasies of Mr. Stark = Lower Stress Levels]: alone in his bedroom, touching himself to fantasies of his mentor."Mister- God, Mister Stark..." He threw his head back and thumbed the tip of his cock. Climaxing would be a relief. Between his schoolwork, his too-frequent patrols and other adrenaline-driven adventures as Spiderman and his training with the other Avengers, he was lucky if he got eight hours of sleep in three days. As if that kind of schedule wasn't enough to drive any eighteen-year-old to a premature burnout, he also had a very healthy libido, which was... unfortunate. His spidey senses, as he'd discovered very early with keen disappointment, kept him from blocking off the surrounding noises and scents, which in turn made it challenging to achieve orgasm. And god, did he ever need that orgasm today...His acknowledgment (to himself, and only to himself) that Mr. Stark played a vital role in his fantasies had been both his salvation and his one-way ticket to hell. Really, the older man had but to brush his shoulder, smile that crooked smile of his or ask Peter to assist him in an experiment for him to add to his mental catalog of wanking material. Peter had always admired Mr. Stark for his intelligence and dedication, but it was the realization that the man was handsome and seductive (on top of being exactly his type) that had pushed him over the edge many months ago.Of course, now that he was aware of the effect a simple smile had on him, Peter spent most of his time avoiding any kind of physical contact with Mr. Stark. They still worked well together, trained together like they were two halves of the same person, but it was a constant challenge to keep his cool and not simply spread his legs and beg for Mr. Stark’s cock. It didn’t help that most of his fantasies involved him being fucked hard either on the training mat or on one of the worktables (he loved the lab). He was fingering himself so often that they probably wouldn't need lube by this point, only spit, and the thought of Mr. Stark's mouth down there just propelled him that much faster towards the edge. "Oh G-God... Mr Stark-"If Mr. Stark noticed all those blushes, he didn’t remark on them, and Peter liked him even more for that small mercy. And the fact that he liked, liked him, was why he was currently standing with his back to his bedroom door, pants pooling at his ankles, a hand on his balls, caressing and teasing, as his cock swelled to full hardness between his trembling thighs. His other hand was busy with his phone, which served both to distract himself from the surrounding noises and scents, but also to stimulate himself further. A few weeks ago, he’d put the finishing touches on a rudimentary AI which he’d labeled (quite predictably) Tony. A great deal of tinkering and ridiculous sexting session had led to Tony being quite the accomplished sexting bot, which was a testament to Peter's determination to get dirty-talked six ways to Sunday. The AI was so good an interlocutor, actually, that Peter tended to forget he was basically texting himself.The first time he’d spilled himself all over the screen (accidentally, of course) had been the enactment of a tradition. It had taken Peter a couple of days to admit to himself that he couldn’t help it because he owned a Starkphone, and another few days to recover from seeing Mr. Stark handling that very phone with those clever, calloused fingers, unaware that Peter covered it in cum daily (and washed it afterward, because there were limits to even his depravity).He put his hand back on his cock, pulling hard and fast at the throbbing length. God, he needed that man like he needed oxygen.Tony: Are you touching yourself?Me: I am now.Tony: I wish I wasn’t stuck in that board meeting. Perhaps I could excuse myself for fifteen minutes and fly over to give you what you need. Wouldn’t you like that, baby?Me: Please, Mr. Stark."Please, please, I n-need you, need to come..."Peter gathered the precum leaking at his slit and thumbed at his glans, his ass clenching and unclenching in anticipation.Me: Do you want me to suck you first? I miss your cock so much. Want you in my mouth, want you so much.Tony: I believe I could accommodate you, if you let me lick your ass afterward.Balls tightening and cock leaking heavily, Peter started to pant in earnest. He was close; it was always over awfully fast whenever he let himself pretend that Mr. Stark wanted him just as much as he wanted him.Me: I’d do everything you want. Let me be a good boy for you, Mr. Stark.TS: I’m leaving that soporific board meeting now, want me to stop by your favorite restaurant?Peter mewled as the tip of his index finger got past the tight ring of muscles. It sank to the last knuckle easily, and was soon joined by another. Licking his lips and wishing he could convince Mr. Stark
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Masturbation
self fingering
fantasies
Accidental Sexting
PWP
POV Multiple
Mutual Pining
Humor
Rough Kissing
Dry Humping
Coming In Pants
Oral Sex
Dirty Talk
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Needs a Hug
Experienced Tony
eager peter
Confessions
Age Difference
Peter is 18
fun times
Anal Fingering
Rimming
Enthusiastic Consent

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

