Chapter 1: Sometimes Our Soul Dies First, Then Our Body
    




Chapter Text
  Tragedies always happened on the best nights. Of course, being Friday, it was a ‘best night’ for Peter. The cinema had been playing a throwback showing of The Empire Strikes Back and he and Ned had completely lost their minds over it. Peter, more so, to reminisce over the fight with the giant Ant-Man. Ned, more so, just to reminisce. Jumping, whooping, being loud. It was nothing out of the ordinary and Peter felt high as a kite. It was the normalcy he had lacked ever since the fight with Vulture. The fear that would creep up at the oddest of times. When subway rides got too tight. When the sheets cocooned around his knees in the night. No panic had risen when the lights of the theatre went down and Peter called that a success. In fact, he called it nothing. Because he thought nothing of it. That was the real win. Not even letting it cross his mind until after. 
I wasn’t even scared. 

 
He grinned to himself as Ned gave him a playful shove. “You know, I’ve always seen myself as the Han-Solo-Type,” Ned was beaming. Having a night alone with his best-friend without worrying about superhero business was an oddity now. He continued, “You’ve always struck me as my Chewie.” Peter’s jaw dropped, “No way! I’m definitely Han!” Ned pursed his lips, “Nah.” Peter argued, “Dude, I can jump like, three stories up!” His friend nodded, relenting, “So you make more of a Jedi. Probably under the lines of Luke Skywalker.” That seemed to placate Peter and he smiled again, “Yeah. I’m more of a Jedi. MJ can be Chewie.” They split up two blocks later, going their separate ways. Peter skipped, a slight pep within each step and the Darth Vader Theme rang through his head. He had mentally assigned the song to the Winter Soldier. Only mentally though. It was a joke he would have to keep to himself. Mr. Stark wouldn’t find it funny. The man was angry about anything having to do with the now-outlaws. Especially the Winter Soldier and Captain America. As he entered the tiny apartment he shared with Aunt May, he gave the door the usual ‘special’ push it needed to get inside. Something had happened to it. The building’s handy-man, Mr. Rodrigues, kept promising to get it fixed, but something always seemed to come up. More so, that something was Mrs. Caldwell down the hall. When her husband was away, Mr. Rodrigues was always ‘fixing’ something for her. Peter shuddered at the thought. Shutting the door back just as oddly, Peter clicked the lock after himself, calling into the space, “Aunt May! I’m home!” Silence was the reply. Peter blinked, moving in further. He stuck his head down the hallway and called again, “Aunt May?” No one answered him and he hummed. She must have stayed late at her ‘book club’, though Peter knew they talked more about people than books. The one time he had gone with her, he had found it to be a group of women who mostly enjoyed the excuse to get together and gossip. He didn’t mind though, Aunt May viewed it as a stress reliever and Peter like anything that made her happy. Peter quickly slipped in and out of the shower, dressing in a comfortable-too-large t-shirt and some pajama pants. The crisp night air was leaking in through the windows and he knew it would only get colder in the coming months. Shooting a quick HEADED TO BED text to Aunt May, he silently climbed beneath the sheets and shut his eyes. A good day. An ‘A’ on his Spanish test. A movie with Ned. Tragedies always happened on the best nights. Yanked from his sleep by the sharp cry of his cellphone, Peter’s eyes snapped open. He groaned, rolling over to face the red-numbered digital clock that told him he had only been asleep an hour and a half… Peter’s fingers crawled through the darkness over his night-stand, knocking over his clock and several pencils in the process. When his hand finally wrapped about the device, he squinted his eyes against the bright, unknown number. Tilting his head curiously, Peter answered, his throat thick with sleep… “Hello?” 
“Hello, is this Mr. Peter Parker?”

 
Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, Peter started to sit up slowly. He tried not to sound annoyed as he mumbled, “Yeah…” “Mr. Parker,” The woman’s voice was stern, but Peter still couldn’t get over the fact that it had woken up him. He shook his head as she continued slowly, “My name is Doctor Windsor at Mercy Hospital. I’m calling in regard to a May Parker. She has you listed as an emergency contact.”
 
Peter’s spine stiffened immediately and his eyes widened. Sleep abandoned him, going into an abyss as it was replaced with a racing heart and a speeding mind. Peter’s voice came out strained with worry, “S-she’s my aunt. What happened? Is she alright?” Doctor Windsor’s voice replied just as clinical as before, explaining, “Your aunt was involved in an accident. We’re going to need you to come down to the hospital.”
 
“A-alright,” Peter’s throat was tight, “Alright, I-I’ll be there…In a few minu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst
Dead Aunt May
Poor Peter Parker
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

