Work Text:
Joining the Ancient One’s classes at Kamar-Taj taught Stephen Strange much. Through the Ancient One herself were the harder lessons, blows to his ego and daggers to his world view. More than once, he thought she enjoyed it. Through the librarian like Wong there was something of patience and humor and working with those of a stubborn nature similar to himself. Through sparring and lessons with Mordo he came to learn about artifacts, relics of power that had been used in times past. Many of them were inert, waking only at the touch of a preferred hand, though no one could glean the criteria by which this was decided. Others had wills of their own, worked for whom they deemed fit, and when they deemed it time to do so.When Stephen was chosen by the Cloak of Levitation, he understood that it was not a matter to be taken lightly. After all, upon finding himself in the New York Sanctum and fighting to defend it with its master dead, he had seen the Cloak in the decorative glass case on the second floor. If anything, the fact that the thing had moved about in the case had tipped him off that it was different. The fact that it leapt to his aid in battle multiple times, and then eventually settled on his shoulders like it had always belonged there, just drove the fact home.The Cloak had chosen, and that was that. Stephen would try and continue to be worthy of it. Mordo’s shock and Wong’s silent approval only fueled him in the pursuit of that goal. The Cloak is its own entity, so in most cases he asks rather than tells, and wears it only when he needs it or when it chooses to accompany him. Otherwise, it is free to roam the Sanctum or Kamar-Taj –wherever they happen to be on a given day- and do as it wills. Sometimes it wants to do nothing but spend time with Tony, and Stephen can hardly blame it.Most days he feels that way. But nonetheless, the Cloak is a something of a free spirit. It can do as it wishes, so long as the world isn’t at stake.It is because of this, and Stephen is not ashamed to admit it, but it is because of this that at first he doesn’t even notice that the Cloak has its own agenda. After all, the item is an ancient relic, wise and crafty. It’s not exactly a surprise that it can be sneaky and evasive. Besides, it’s not as though Stephen spends a great deal of time thinking much at all about Steve Rogers. He does his best to avoid the man as much as possible, and he certainly doesn’t force the Cloak to stay with him every minute of the day.So Stephen does what needs doing, and the Cloak does as it wishes, and neither of them really think much more about it. Except what the Cloak feels needs doing is the terrorizing of one former Captain America, and since no one else has stepped up yet… the relic decides that it is going to handle things on its own. But it doesn’t tell Stephen that.To be fair, it doesn't tell Stephen anything. Perhaps it is trying to teach him a lesson. 

*
It is a Saturday evening at the New Avengers Compound, and two of the teams –Alpha and Beta- have returned from various obligations. Alpha Team, consisting of the Sorcerer Stephen Strange, Spider-Man Peter Parker, Captain Marvel Carol Danvers and Iron Man Tony Stark had been at a training seminar in Kamar-Taj with Wong. Beta Team, lead by War Machine James Rhodes and consisting of various new recruits that Steve still hadn’t been introduced to had been deployed to stop a bank heist orchestrated by two aspiring supervillains. They took Bruce Banner with them, but the Hulk had not been required. The only reason Steve knows about any of this is because one of the SHIELD operatives also living at the Compound mentioned it within his hearing by accident. The young lady hadn't been able to provide too many specifics, but she knew enough. Based on what was said, Steve’s fairly certain they’re doing debriefs and writing up their after action reports, since he hasn’t seen any of them as of yet.Steve’s own team, including Natasha, Clint, Wanda, and Sam have yet to be reassigned and are left to their own devices when not in Accords Compliance meetings and assessments. Scott is off visiting his family, and Vision seems to have disappeared, possibly visiting T’Challa in Wakanda.T'Challa, who is also considered part of the Alpha team should he need be summoned in the face of an extreme threat. Steve's not entirely sure why T'Challa is cleared for Alpha status when Steve's own team is still going through dull classes and meetings with lawyers, but Natasha had told him to let it ride for now. He would, but reluctantly, and if he had the chance to mention it to Tony outside of an official gathering he certainly would demand that priorities be shuffled.In fact, it's about time he speak with Tony about a multitude of things. Leaving the SHIELD operatives to their discussion, Steve paces through the compound, in search of someone –preferably Tony- who can update him of the situation regarding the recent field operations. To his enhanced sen
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
The Cloak Loves Tony
Team Cap Critical
Infinity War AU
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
POV Multiple
Humor

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

