Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The Taming

 

Prologue

“And then, look! You see the wheat fields over there? I don’t eat bread. For me wheat is of no use whatsoever. Wheat fields say nothing to me. Which is sad. But you have hair the color of gold. So it will be wonderful once you’ve tamed me! The wheat, which is golden, will remind me of you. And I’ll love the sound of the wind in the wheat…”
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince “Hello?” Steve said, as he answered his phone, not checking the screen before accepting the call. “Hello? Is this Mister Captain Rogers?” The voice was older, female and had a heavy Spanish accent. “Yes, this is he,” Steve said, turning away from the game of hoops he was playing with Sam and Clint in Stark’s gym, flipping the brim of his Brooklyn Dodger’s baseball cap around. “Can I help you?” “Oh good,” the voice sighed. “Mister Captain Rogers, this is Rosario Lopez from Brooklyn.” “Oh yes, hi Senora Lopez.” Steve paused in his steps toward the bench, where his water bottle was resting. “Is everything all right?” “Si Captain, everything is fine, thank you,” Rosario said. “But I am calling because I have been watching your house, across the street, just like you asked. And your friend, the one you mentioned, I think he is living there.” *** 
Dear Bucky,

 

If you are reading this, I can’t tell you how happy I am that you’re here. I’m sorry the place isn’t in better condition. I didn’t get a chance to do everything I wanted before other things pulled me away. But I hope the bedroom is good enough for you to be comfortable, and you should have plenty of heat and hot water. Don’t worry about the bills, those are being taken care of.

 

The house, and everything inside of it, is yours. And I promise you Bucky, you’re safe here. No one will bother you. The kitchen is stocked, and I’ve set up a food delivery service. Don’t worry, they’re not going to come in. They’re just going to leave the food in the lock box outside the front door – the key is on the kitchen counter, next to the coffee maker. (Do you still love coffee, Bucky? You used to bitch like a wet cat if you didn’t get your coffee first thing.) If there’s anything specific you want, just mark it on the order sheet, put it back in the box, and it will be there with the next order.

 

It’s your home Bucky, and I hope that you’ll be comfortable there. But if there’s anything you want or need, please let me know. I’m not going to bother you, like I promised. But I really hope that one day maybe you’ll invite me for a cup of coffee, so that we can shoot the shit just like we used to. I miss you Bucky, and if there’s anything I want, it’s for you to be OK.

 

Call me anytime Buck. Anytime. I would really love to hear from you.

 

Always your friend,

Steve Rogers

 347-555-0704
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Recovery
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Angst and Humor
Angst with a Happy Ending
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson Friendship
Flashbacks
Home Improvement
Food as a Metaphor for Love
Pining
Memory Loss
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes After Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Lets Just Pretend Everything After The Winter Soldier Didn't Happen
Pre-Slash

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

