Chapter 1: Expectations
    




Chapter Text

 “I miss ya’, I love ya’, so it's really hard to see 

 We just gotta let it be” 
— Hayley Kiyoko, “Let it Be”
Tony ran into the hospital, shoving his way past a group of people standing in the way of the front desk. “Excuse me,” he said, trying to keep cool. “I need to find my son.”The receptionist looks up at him. “Sir, I need to know your name?”Tony wants to scream as the receptionist asks him a series of questions, but eventually she said, “Your son is in surgery right now.”“Yeah, I fucking got that,” Tony said, resisting the urge to shout.“Well, it will probably be a few hours before you can see him—”“How long exactly?”She frowned. “I’m not certain. You’ll have to stay in the waiting room until someone updates us.”Tony nodded almost mechanically, turning and making his way to the waiting area. He wanted to scream, to tear the building apart, but that wouldn’t help Peter. He sat down, tapping his hands along a table nervously. After a while, he took out his phone. It took three tries for his shaking hands to get the password right. He scrolled through his contacts and picked one, holding the phone to his ear.The phone ringed four times before someone picked up. “Tony? What the hell? Why are you calling me at—” Rhodey paused, “—three am?”Tony closed his eyes, pressing a hand against his eyelids. “Peter was in a car accident.”It took a few seconds for Rhodey to say, “Fuck. Tony, where are you? I’ll be there, just give me—”“No, it’s okay, it’s— I don’t fucking know. Look, I’m at the Metro-General Hospital. Peter’s here, he’s in surgery. God, I don’t even fucking know what happened really. It’s just . . . can you call Steve for me?”“Tony—”“I know, I know I should do it, it’s just—” he laughed hysterically. “I can’t do it right now. I can’t talk to him, I just—”“Don’t worry about,” Rhodey said. “I’ll handle it, you just worry about Peter, okay?”Tony laughed, trying not to burst into tears. “Don’t remind me.”“Shit, right. Sorry, I’ll just— I’ll call Steve.”“Thanks. I owe you.”“Don’t even worry about it. Call me when you find out anything, okay?”“I will.” They said their goodbyes and hang up. Hours passed. He should probably have gone to sleep at some point, but he kept thinking,  What if they come out while I’m asleep?  He stayed awake, messing around on his phone and glancing at the clock every few seconds.
 Four am. 
Rhodey called him and said he couldn’t get ahold of Steve.
 Five am. 
Ned Leeds called him, frantically asking what happened to Peter. He had left Ned’s house to pick up his computer from home, and never gone back. Tony explained what happened to Peter and assured Ned that no, it wasn’t his fault. It was easy to say since Tony already couldn’t shake the feeling that it was  his  fault.
 Six am. 
Peter should have been waking up and getting ready for school.
 Seven am. 
He called Pepper and told her what was going on. She was mad at first when he told her he wouldn’t be coming in, but immediately turned worried and comforting when he explained what was going on. She offered to join him at the hospital, but he needed her there. It took some convincing, but he convinced her to go in.Tony glanced at the clock.  Seven thirty.  Where the hell was Steve? What was wrong with his phone? Or maybe he just didn’t want to answer Rhodey. Tony scowled before shaking his head. No, Steve wouldn’t ignore him. He would know it was important; Rhodey wouldn’t call him otherwise. The two weren’t even friends, really. Not since—Someone was standing in front of them, clearing their throat. “Mister Stark,” the man said. He was tall and pale, wearing clean, dark blue scrubs. “My name is Dr. Strange. Can you come with me?”Tony looked up at him, nodding shakily. “Yeah. Yeah, I can—” He cut himself off and stood up. The doctor led him to an empty nearby room, closing the door behind them. Tony watched him anxiously. “How’s my son?”The doctor smiled. “He’s alright. He’s in recovery now. I’m not sure if anyone’s told you what happened exactly, but the car that drove into him only hit the passenger’s side, so your son’s injuries were fairly minor, all things considered. There was, however, some nerve damage to his right arm and leg, so he’ll have to stay in the hospital for about four to eight weeks.”Tony felt like he was going to cry. Ten minutes ago, he’d been half-certain that his son would die. Now he knew that he was going to be okay.Without thinking, Tony threw his arms around the doctor, hugging him. Dr. Strange stumbled a bit, but made no effort to stop him, even setting a comforting hand on his shoulder.Tony drew back after a minute, breathing sharply. “I’m sorry, I’m just. . .” He laughed, sounding half-hysterical, even to his own ears. “I’m just emotional.”Dr. Strange smiled. He was a handsome man, with dark hair except for a line of gray at each of his temples, and pale eyes. “It’s alright. It happens to a lot of people. Do you want to see Peter now?”Tony nodded. “Yes,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Background Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
AU
Alternate Universe - No Powers
second love
Divorce
Superfamily to Strangefamily
Superfamily
Strangefamily
Extra-marital affairs
Endgame IronStrange
No character bashing
background stucky
Fluff
Little bit of angst
But mostly fluff
Superfamily 2.0
Supremefamily
Super Supreme Strange Family

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark - Relationship
Background Steve Rogers/James "Bucky" Barnes

