Work Text:
Thinking back on it, Matt was just a baby when his daddy died. He sent Spidey off and tried to remember what he was doing at fifteen years old. Half a lifetime ago.It wasn’t a good memory.There had been several foster families by that point. If a single person had known what he’d gone through in Stick’s training, Matt doubted they’d have even tried to place him with a family at all. They might have taken one look at his record and shoved him in a higher security institution, one whose locks weren’t decades old like St. Agnes’s. If they’d been really kind, they would have shot him in the head and put him in the dirt next to his daddy, but alas. The kindness of social workers never extended quite that far.Be that as it were, the first placement was right after Stick and it was holy hell. Matt didn’t like to think too much about sitting in that house (was it a house? It felt like a prison). He tended to spiral if he dwelled on it too much. About as far as he could safely go in his head was remembering the two oldest boys who were there with him. They’d been kind, one of them had even ruffled his hair a few times. The third oldest. Well. Matt had to stop there.The next placement had been six months later. Just on the cusp of thirteen years old, he’d been too much for those guys to handle. To this day, he wasn’t sure what he’d done that had set them off. He’d learned how to control the nightmares better by then, and the senses were locked down. He remembered getting good grades and being polite, painfully polite while he was there. In the back of his social worker’s car, he’d tucked up his knees and very nervously asked her if he’d done something wrong. She said no and her heart pounded like she was furious. She said that sometimes things just didn’t click for people.He thought later that maybe those guys hadn’t been prepared for a kid with a disability, and honestly it was a good thing that that was what had put them off first because they had no idea. If they’d had to deal with Matt in full 13 year-old glory, replete with screaming night terrors and depression, well, he didn’t know what they would have done.That Matt, the depressed 13 year-old, went to a group home with six other kids with disabilities. It was a very busy home. He slept for most of that placement, though, so all he could remember was being hungry and bone-deep exhausted. One of the kids there was diagnosed with emotional disturbance and he and Matt shared a wall. He kept Matt up, even through depression sleep. When Cindy, his social worker, came to pay him a visit after he’d been there for a month and a half, her heart went fast and then dropped steady. Matt had known then that he was going back home (at some point St. Agnes’s had become home and to this day it remained such), and sure enough, the next morning he was sitting in the back of Cindy’s sedan, knees up and head leaned against the window, trying to sleep.Cindy made him do some counseling after that. It was different from the grief counseling he’d gotten before and he hated it.At fourteen, Matt went to live with a very religious family who were stoked to be getting a kid from an honest to god Catholic orphanage. He was their first foster-kid. His care team was violently opposed to this, but the lady of the home was a psychologist and the dad was an optician, and they were determined that their combined skills would meet all Matt’s needs.He climbed out the window to his room at that house eight times and made it back to Hell’s Kitchen five of them.The sixth time he got out the window, he ran straight to St. Agnes’s and found Sister Molly and cried for an hour. She took him to Mass and it made him feel more whole than he had in months.Sister Molly asked when the last time he’d been to church was and he’d known then that if he played his cards right, he wouldn’t have to go back to that place. He didn’t even have to lie. He told her that the dad didn’t let Matt go to Mass, he had to go with him and the Mom and Olivia and Brady to the church where Dad was pastor. They’d found his rosary once and it had turned into a Situation.That Dad and that Mom wouldn’t sign off on Matt doing any after school programs, either. No sports, no boxing, no gym. They said they were ‘concerned about his safety,’ which Matt translated as ‘you’re blind and therefore incompetent.’ They thought that Matt was rude to wear his noise canceling headphones around the house. They didn’t like that he didn’t want to wear the clothes they’d bought him. They didn’t like that he had a picture of him and his dad, which traveled from home to home with him, even though he couldn’t see it.The eighth time he climbed out his window and the fifth time he made it back to Hell’s Kitchen, the mother superior allowed the nuns to call his new social worker. They argued that it was a case of religious discrimination.Matt went back to get his things with the social worker and refused to speak one word to either parent. He heard 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Foster Care
Depression
Child Abuse
Suicidal Thoughts
Protective Matt
Introspection
matt tries to figure out why he's always worried about peter basically
Team Red

fandom: 
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker

