Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text

 “Transferring information to the Archetype in three… two… one…” 
 A crackling sound fills the room, sparks flying around the white-veiled form on the exam table. Within that form, a newly assembled heart trembles and then begins to beat. His first waking perception is displeasure and discomfort, though he doesn’t have the words to communicate that because he doesn’t know what words are. (He will later know words and will think back to this moment when he became alive and use words like “confused” and “afraid” and “alone”.) (But in the moment it’s all he knows so he doesn’t know what else to expect.) Buzzing fills his mind and with it comes information, complex and intricate and stunning, so many years’ worth of education of advanced maths and sciences and languages filling his brain and forming connections and concepts faster than his consciousness can keep up. For an undetermined amount of time, he simply  is  all the information filling his brain, until suddenly it’s over and he’s a person on a table in a white room. He pants with new lungs and blinks new eyes. Uniformed people hover over him. One is attaching a device to his finger that, once secured, causes a heart monitor to begin beeping nearby. Another is busy removing various electrodes from the skin of his temples and chest. Still others are doing things outside his direct line of vision. 
 “Starting IV.” 
 A sting in his arm makes him flinch. The movement jostles a plastic device secured over his mouth and nose, and a hand reaches from somewhere to secure it again. For a while he drifts, simply existing without judgement or expectation. He breathes and blinks and marvels at the information in his head. Nothing he’s experienced so far makes sense to him. (But then, he wouldn’t be able to tell the difference if it did.) It’s a while later when he realizes the movements around him have ceased. Only one person stands in front of him now and he’s different from the others. His hands are clasped behind his back and he’s not doing anything but looking. Noticing the boy's eyes on him, the man meets his gaze and gives him a dark smile. “Alive in there, are we?” he says quietly. “It’s about time. The world's been waiting for you.” … “Could someone remind me why we’re here again?” Ned asks.  “Because there’s free food?”    “Because our smokin' hot tour guide is totally into me.”  “Flash is wrong.” “Okay guys I know this isn’t our typical decathlon team outing but please try to focus.” Liz’s commanding voice rises above the factory sounds around them as she glances over her shoulder. The shuffling group of kids in their navy blue Midtown High attire look back at her with varying degrees of enthusiasm.  “There’s a lot we can learn here,” she continues confidently, “and since the school budget is tight and this place is offering free tours to the public, it’s one of the few field trips the decathlon club gets to make this year. Let’s try to enjoy it and maybe learn something, okay? Bonding outside the classroom setting is good for team morale.”  The Bubble Shock workers dressed in neon orange suits stand at attention by the gates as their group approaches. People ahead of them are already getting scanned in through a surprisingly high tech security gate, buzzing and lighting up with every person who enters one by one. Beyond the gate, a giant set of double doors are held open to reveal the colorful machinery of the soda factory with decorative balloons and banners welcoming guests, all themed in that hideous orange color.  “I can’t believe anyone actually likes this dumb drink,” Michelle mutters to Ned at the back of the group. “It tastes like a citrus version of wet dog.”  “That’s an insult to wet dogs everywhere,” Ned scoffs. “It’s more like citrus and cat litter.” Michelle’s lips quirk. The two are not exactly friends in the conventional way, but their mutual lack of other friends causes them to gravitate to one another’s company when the opportunity arises. This particular outing is one such opportunity.  “Please turn all cell phones OFF, thank you,” their tour guide is saying repeatedly, eyeing the group of adolescents especially suspiciously. She is youthful herself, maybe in her early 20s. It isn’t hard to see why Flash is hoping to get her attention; she has an unearthly kind of fairness to her features and her white-blonde hair is pulled back in a tight ponytail.  “They must be really worried about someone, like, stealing their secret recipe or something, to have a security scanner like this,” Ned comments as the line ahead of them moves and at last he and Michelle are ushered through individually.  “Yeah, what do they have to hide?” the girl wonders aloud as she steps through the scanner herself. For some reason the device around her makes a shiver run up her spine as though she can feel the invisible rays sweeping her body. She makes eye contact with their guide as she steps into the building. The woman’s eyes ar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Human Experimentation
Alternate Universe
Michelle Jones bullying Tony Stark
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
actual spider-boy Peter
poor kid just wants Tony to adopt him already
Tony is irondad but he doesn't know it yet
shady bad guys whose motives have yet to be revealed
school shenanigans like bullying and stuff
now featuring: whump
Complete

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

