Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Miss,” JARVIS’ voice breaks across Toni’s concentration, pulls her out of the relaxed sort of haze she’d managed to fall into.The armor is, as always, so very relaxing to her in moments like this.  Moments when she can fly without a care, problems left behind her.Moments when she can hang suspended in the sky, hidden by the glare of the sun and a thick blanket of clouds, and pretend that her wings are real.Pretend that she really is the Icarus her dreams and shattered hopes have painted her as over the years.That all she really has to worry about in this life is the salt from the sea weighing down her feathers or the heat from the sun turning the wax of her framework molten hot against her skin.But then, Toni can’t help but think with no small amount of bitterness, life has never been so simple.  Not for her.Flying or falling have never been so easy for her.“What is it J?” Toni asks, voice easy and loving despite the exhaustion that eats at her even with Extremis bolstering her up to this inhuman thing she is now.This woman a bit more than half destroyed who’d been reborn yet again with technology rushing through her very veins.“The ISPY program has detected multiple interstellar and atmospheric disruptions.”  JARVIS informs her curtly and Toni goes still.ISPY, also known to the world at large as the  Interstellar Security Project: Upsilon  or as Toni has always called it the “I See Problems Y’all” system has one job.It monitors for any unnatural movement in as much of the solar system as it can monitor.  Any movement that goes against nature, anything that smacks of engineering as its source, gets flagged and sent directly to Toni and then, once she’s had a bit of a head start observing the data, eventually the UN as well.If the system has pinged JARVIS then that means only one thing.“How long do we have?”  Toni feels herself go smooth, battle readiness slipping to the forefront of her mind.“Contact might have already been made, Miss,” JARVIS sounds tense then and that automatically makes Toni snap even further to attention.  “Energy matching that of the Bifrost has been detected above New York. Also …”“J?”  Toni’s more than a bit taken aback by his hesitation because JARVIS … JARVIS rarely ever hesitates.  Not unless it’s something very,  very bad.  Toni’s reaching out with Extremis even as she turns the armor back towards New York with a thought.  “JARVIS, baby boy, talk to me?”“Multiple unidentified crafts have been detected in route to the planet,” JARVIS tells her solemnly.  “Preliminary readings match technology last seen aboard the ships you were able to briefly scan on the other side of the wormhole.”Toni feels her breath catch, feels her heart skip a beat beside the reactor as she goes cold all over.“Miss,” JARVIS says softly, gently, “scans detect technology and energy signals similar to those of the Chitauri.”And Toni feels her entire world crumble around her as it all comes rushing back to her.The cold panic of the invasion.The monstrousness of the Chitauri hoard and their unharmonious meshing of flesh and technology.The weight of the missile on her back.The death filled silence of the wormhole as infinity spread out its arms and welcomed her.The peace of closing her eyes and falling back into oblivion.Everything that’s haunted Toni for years now, everything only a select few had ever seen fit to take her seriously about. Fuck.Toni’s known since the second she’d woken up on that ruined New York street that this moment would come but she’d hoped …
 Well. 
There were a lot of things she’d hoped for but, as happens far too often with her hopes and dreams, things hadn’t worked out the way she’d wanted them to.“Give me an ETA,” Toni grits out even as she throws Extremis out into the void, pulls in the data JARVIS was talking about, the pictures, the readings, everything she can get her hands on.And even though she never once doubted him, seeing the data herself makes the entire situation settle even heavier on her shoulders than before.“If speed holds then they shall make earth fall in roughly twenty-four point three minutes, Miss,” JARVIS tells her promptly.  “Trajectory also has their arrival point as the main New York area.”Toni hisses out a displeased breath because she is, of course, just over half an hour out even at full speed.  She’d wanted the distance, wanted the space to breathe for a bit.And now she’s paying for it.  Paying for being so  selfish.“I’m sounding the assembly alarm,” Toni tells him as she reaches out with Extremis and yanks on the code in question.  “J you get the press on the line, get out an alert, get people inside and off the streets. Whatever can be done to minimize damages.”“Of course, Miss,” JARVIS says instantly and Toni trusts that everything on his end will be handled as quickly and efficiently as possible.Because JARVIS, just like Rhodey, never lets her down.  Probably couldn’t even if he actively tried.“Miss,” JARVIS calls for her atte
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thanos
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Alternate Universe - Always a Different Sex
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Hurt
Hurt Tony
Hurt James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Female Tony Stark
Always Female Tony Stark
Stand Alone
Alternate Universe of an Alternate Universe
Thanos Comes To Earth
For More Than Just The Infinity Stones
Comic Fusion Of Sorts
Open ended
Dubious Consent
Rape Free
NO rape
no non-con
Not To Be Taken Too Seriously

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thanos
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

