Chapter 1





Chapter Text

School sucks. 
 
That’s something most teens can agree on, but for Peter school really 

really 

sucked.
 
Just imagine, you have the power to be out saving the world, but instead, you’re cooped up inside learning electronegativity. Which don’t get him wrong, he fricken loved periodic trends, but really there are only so many days in a row you can listen to the teacher explain something you’ve known since second grade. 
 
Oh well though, right, that’s something every kid has to sit through, Peter shouldn’t be any different, so he sits through his first four periods before heading to lunch. 
 
Somewhere along the way, Ned appears at his side and they file through the line before making their way to where they eat, by themselves, every day. 
 
Once again no big deal. Honestly, there are some days Peter doesn’t know if he could handle sitting around any more kids. His nightly patrols leave him with about four hours of sleep, and it was hard to not act as drained as he felt lately. 
 
And, now that we’ve all arrived at this pity party, Peter is getting really tired of hiding his hunger. He can eat his whole tray worth and still feel absolutely starving. Sometimes Ned picks up on it and will slide his tray over, one time MJ even must have noticed because an apple rolled its way into the side of his tray. Funnily, after that, it seemed like the cooks served him a double tray without him having to ask, or pay, but even all that was only enough to slightly dull the claws tearing at his insides. 
 
None of this was what really bothered him though. No, what he was really getting sick of came after that final bell. 
 
Ever since Flash figured out he had calculus last period he would wait outside the door. Peter had no clue how he managed to get out of class every day, but that’s really not the point of all this. 
 
The point is school sucks because as soon as he takes that first step out of the classroom an arm wraps around his shoulders and leads/drags him down the hall. 
 
“Sup Penis,” is said, but Peter just chooses to ignore it as Flash continues, “I heard you were selected for the Oscorp scholarship.” He smirked, “Don’t tell me you’re making daddy Stark share the love. I mean personally, I don’t find it fair that you can fuck yourself through the ranks when there are actual candidates who don’t need to blow the principal for A’s but eh, I guess your whole poor and pathetic thing really plays into all the billionaires’ type.”
 
This is the part where Flash pauses in hopes of getting a rise out of him, and Peter has to make a choice. He can either put up with his jabs until Flash gets bored or he could stand up for himself and get it over with now. Except for getting it over with now would also include getting punched and maybe kicked a few times depending on Flash’s mood. Considering Happy was supposed to be taking him to the compound to work in the lab with Mr. Stark, a black eye might be difficult to explain. 
 
With a sigh, Peter dropped his head and let Flash continue, “Tell me, do you ever get tired of being…” 
 
He was cut off as Ned approached with a simple, “Fuck off Flash,” and pulled Peter away from the bully.
 
Apparently Flash was desperate for a fight because as Ned reached for his best friend the bully grabbed his arm and shoved him backward. Completely abandoning his previous victim, Flash advanced forward towards Ned, “You going to make me, Tubbs?”
 
Peter, all for letting himself get picked on wasn’t willing to watch his friend get the same treatment, so he stepped between Ned and Flash and jaw clenched finally responded, “He said Fuck off,” when Flash made no move to leave Peter finished with a nod towards the doors, “So Fuck,” he took a step towards Flash, “the hell,” another step this time putting him in his face, “off.”  
 
With a smirk, Flash met the smaller boy’s gaze, “Well well, look who finally grew a pair. What could you possibly do to me Penis?”
 
With a humorless laugh Peter took a small step back and nodded his head, “Yeah, you’re right. I mean you can’t make shit any shittier can you?”
 
On record, Peter would like to say that he saw the punch coming from miles away, but right now he was Peter Parker, not Spider-man, so he let Flash hit him and, because he’s supposed to be weak, even let the force fling him to the ground. 
 
Flash let out a laugh as he stood over him, “From where I stand it looks like I just did.” Then he stalks off down the hall high fiving a few of his friends on his way out.
 
Once he’s gone Ned offers a hand and pulls Peter up asking, “You good?”
 
Nodding quickly and leading them towards their lockers he answered, “Yeah. You?” 
 
“I’m fine, man. I just really wish you would kick his ass for once.”
 
Peeking over from where he was putting in his locker combination Peter locked eyes with his best friend, “You know why I can’t do that.”
 
Ned rolled his eyes, “I know,” He shut his locker with a slam, “But man can you imagine his face. Y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Malnutrition
Bullying
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

