Chapter 1: Ranting intervention
    


Notes:
So, I had this idea yesterday and just started writing, but I have absolutely no idea where this is going to go. I don't know whether it will be slow build, multi-chapter, world-buildy, all or none of the above. I don't even know whether there will be pairings and whether Civil War will happen at all... I honestly have no clue whatsoever XD

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Despite what everyone says, Tony Stark can in fact take a hint.Admittedly, he might need it spelled out for him in giant fucking letters sometimes – especially, for anything requiring interpersonal skills - but he will reach the desired conclusion eventually.And after the whole Ultron fiasco, one of those big-ass lettered sign is very clearly saying that the team doesn't want him anywhere near them. They make that pretty fucking clear.Because Tony tries in those first few weeks. Tries to fix things with the team, tries to make things better, tries to make amends in any way, shape or form he can think of.He is rewarded with snide comments, brush offs, glares, accusations.And he gets it. Really, he does.He knows he fucked up with Ultron. But his guilt is already eating him alive and he would have loved some support from his team. He really doesn't need the helpful reminders of just how wrong everything went, thank you very much.But considering the shit he put them through with his last fuck up, he thinks it's only natural that they might want to keep him at arm's length for now. Until the dust settles. Until they are hopefully, hopefully able and willing to deal with him again.He pushes down the cynical voice in his head reminding him that it’s apparently only his part in Ultron's creation that is entirely unforgivable, but Bruce's is never even mentioned. And Wanda actually working with Ultron is somehow easily forgotten.Because Wanda is now living with the team and Bruce has already taken off to god knows where.So much for that friendship.And the team is clearly all too willing to replace Tony. They don’t seem to miss him at all.  So, Tony takes the hint.He starts locking himself away in his workshop whenever possible and tries to fix things in different ways. He invents better weapons for the team, updates their gear, modifies the Compound according to their demands. He attends press conferences for damage control, sends relief to Sokovia and South Africa, gives interviews and settles lawsuits.Anything to distract himself from how incredibly silent it is in his workshop. Because JARVIS is gone.His breath stutters every time he even thinks about it, chest constricting whenever he automatically asks JARVIS for something and every time - for just a moment - being surprised when JARVIS doesn't immediately answer.His workshop is silent. Sometimes he doesn’t speak to a single person for days. His team is happy to have him out of their hair, Pepper gets texts, Rhodey gets voicemails and everyone else has to content themselves with emails.Tony is grieving and sometimes it feels like the silence is slowly crushing his soul.It goes on for about a month.And then, his Rhodey bear stages an intervention.+++Tony blinks at Rhodey.Rhodey is in his workshop.How did Rhodey get into his workshop?"Hi?" Tony's voice is a scratchy. But staying awake for 48 hours straight, without food or any sort of human interaction, will do that to you.He swallows and then pastes on a bright smile that is not entirely faked because Rhodey is one of the few people he will always be happy to see.He tries again. "It's my Rhodey bear! What brings you to my burrow?""Tones." The friendly exasperation in his best friend's voice is so normal that it almost makes Tony want to cry. "You didn't answer my messages."Yep, definite reprimand in his platypus' voice."Messages? I didn't get any messages. Oh no, they must have gotten lost somewhere!" Tony claims dramatically.Rhodey just looks at him and Tony barely manages to keep up his smile. But the expected comment doesn't come, instead there is silence. It stretches. And he wants to fill it, but he is tired. And all out of witty commentary at the moment.His best friend is watching him intently, before finally huffing, releasing some of the built-up tension."You've been locked in here for days. You haven't replied to any of my messages. You've been talking in press conferences and interviews and commentaries. But you haven't said a single word to me. We're having a heart-to-heart." Rhodey points imperiously at the couch in his workshop.Heart-to-heart. It's their code word for serious, no-holding-back, all-filters-off, bare-it-all conversations.Tony called it that once in jest back in college. When they still had to have these regularly because they just couldn't read each other all that well yet, when both of them were so much more insecure and when they still felt like their newest teenage drama was the worst that could possibly ever happ
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark-centric
Not Steve Friendly
Sokovia Accords
No Bashing
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark

