Chapter 1: A Day
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Dad. I don’t wanna go.” Peter said quietly.Tony rubbed the aching spot between his eyebrows. “Peter, honey, we’ve been over this. The kindergarten says I can't keep sitting in with you anymore. You’re gonna have to power through like a big boy, okay?“I don’t like Mr Thanos. He’s an alien.”“He’s not an alien.” Tony sighed, turning the car into the road leading to Little Heroes Kindergarten. “I know what you’re trying to say, but you can’t keep shouting things like that in public, especially in this political climate-”“He destroyed half the universe.”“He said half of your class would go for naptime  first  while the other half went to the playground. That hardly counts as destroying the universe.”“It was so lonely.” Peter whispered. “I thought I was trapped forever.”“I feel like I’m trapped forever in a world where this conversation repeats every single day,” Tony muttered.He put the car in park and turned to his son. Peter was staring at him with the puppy dog expression turned up to eleven, and Tony felt a twinge of guilt. The divorce had been tough on them all, and he couldn’t blame his son for being more clingy, even after the whole mess had been settled.“Look...” Having his heart stamped on by his ex was rough, but Tony was  trying  and seeing his son stressed out by school made him feel like the worst kind of dad. “How about I take half of today off and we go get some ice cream together. Sound good?”“Okay, I guess.” Peter said after a grudging pause. “But no grapes. I hate them.”“Alright, buddy. No grape ice cream.”--Mr Thanos met them at the entrance of class 1A. “Hello Peter, how are you doing to-”“I DON’T WANT TO GO!”Mr Thanos sighed “It’s going to be another of those mornings isn't it?”“I’d call this a good day, this time he actually waited till we got out of the car to start yelling,” Tony said, trying to juggle his grip on his wriggling son and backpack. “Okay, Pete. Daddy’s going to drop you off-”“Say goodbye to daddy, Peter-” Mr Thanos said, reaching out his enormous hands.“No! Don’t leave me with the alien!” Peter screamed as Tony set him down in the classroom. He tried to make a run for his dad but Mr Thanos blocked the way with one massive arm.“It's okay, I’ll be back for you at one. Love you!” Looking more harried, Tony handed over Peter’s backpack, waved, and vanished down the hallway.“Dad…” Peter stared in despair at the doorway, and then a large grip clamped down on his shoulder, heavy and inevitable as the hands of fate.“Come on, Peter, it's time to start class.”--“We need a plan to take down Mr Thanos,” Peter hissed to Wanda. He had snuck over from the lego corner to the coloring table, where his only ally, Wanda, was working.Wanda’s eyes lit up. “Yes. Good. When do we start?”Other kids were scared of Wanda, but Peter thought was silly, because Wanda got along with him just fine. Sure, she liked things that lots of people found scary, like witches and ghosts and Halloween, but that didn't mean she was a scary  person. Besides, Peter liked spiders and he knew lots of people were scared of those.“He took Viz away from me,” Wanda said gravely. “And for that I'll never forgive him.”Peter looked where she pointed; balanced perfectly at the top of the shelf, well out of reach of the tallest kid, was The Raft, a pirate ship-shaped box where favorite toys were to be imprisoned until the end of the day.It was the cruelest sentence a toy could ever endure.“I miss him so much.” Wanda gazed at the forbidding box, crayon clutched in one hand like a spear.Peter looked at the bookshelf appraisingly. “If you distract Mr Thanos think I can climb up and grab Viz.”Wanda shook her head, turning back to her drawing. “It’s no good. I tried to rescue Viz many times. I even asked my brother to help. And you know what Mr Thanos did?”“What did he do?”“Sent him to 1B.” Wanda gave a shudder. “I haven’t seen him for  years .”Peter’s eyes went round. So  that  was what happened to Pietro. Peter and him had been best friends, bonding over having the same name. Until the day Pietro disappeared. The tag bearing Pietro's name had been ripped off the wall and nobody talked about him in class anymore.It was as if he didn’t exist anymore.Peter put a reassuring hand on Wanda’s shoulder. “We’ll get Viz back. Your brother will be avenged.”A humongous shadow fell over the both of them.“What are you both working on?” Thanos smiled down on them.Peter and Wanda looked at each other, the severity of the situation galvanizing their wills into action. Wanda nodded slowly.Thanos crouched down beside the table. “That’s an...interesting drawing of a witch, Wanda. Looks like she’s, um, dismembering a robot. You certainly put a lot of detail into- ouch!” Thanos started as a yellow crayon flew up and hit him squarely in the forehead.By the time he looked up Peter and Wanda were nowhere in sight.“I don't get paid enough for this.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (endgame)
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange (brief)
Tony Stark/Thanos (one-sided)
Peter Parker & Shuri
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier (minor)

freeform: 
Crack
Fluff and Crack
Alternate Universe - Crack
Crack Treated Seriously
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Unreliable Narrator
inaccurate representation of kindergarteners idk just imagine theyre very precocious
stony endgame but hints of ironstrange and irontitan because it's fun to make steve sweat
Parent Tony Stark
Fluff
No character bashing
Friendship
Some Plot
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
Comedy
Randomness
Crack and Angst
Getting Back Together
Slice of Life
Hijinks & Shenanigans
Love Triangles
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Crangst
Protective Tony Stark
Family
Precious Peter Parker
Pining
Idiots in Love
Coincidences
Melodrama
Jealousy
Cults
Hurt/Comfort
Heart Attacks
Arguing
Public Nudity
Hugs
Civil War Fix-It
Its a cacw fixit fic except everything is ridiculous
Christmas
Non-Graphic Violence
Public Scene
Kidnapping
Minor Violence
Foreshadowing
Relationship Discussions
Almost 100k and there's only one (1) f-bomb and GUESS WHO SAYS IT
Mild Sexual Content
Between the adult characters
Happy Ending
Fix-It
Avengers Endgame??? i dont know her

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (endgame)
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange (brief)
Tony Stark/Thanos (one-sided)
Peter Parker & Shuri
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier (minor)

