Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Cold, so cold. The smell of something chemical, something not quite human. The feel of hands on his neck, the metallic sound of something moving, something close, too close. Too bright, too much. Pain. So much pain.Phil shot up in his bed, his face drenched with sweat, the sheets sticking to him. He reached out blindly, turning on the lights before scrubbing his hands over his face.Another dream about ‘Tahiti’. Part of him wished he’d never found out what had really happened. Night after night he was plagued by dreams of what had been, what Nick had had done to him. And for what? Because Nick couldn’t admit he wasn’t God?“Sir?” A long pause. “Agent Coulson.”Phil didn’t actually want to answer the call from May, but, being the big boss of this particular group of agents, it wasn’t something he could ignore. So he hauled himself from the narrow bed that still felt too big.“What is it?” he asked, not willing to open the door and show her what a mess he was.“We just received a call from HQ. We’ve got a mission,” she said, all business, no nonsense.Phil closed his eyes and longed for the days when he was Clint and Natasha’s handler. At least they tended to keep their missions during sociable hours. Or they at least tried.“Wake the team.”AOSAOSAOSAOSAOSClint eased himself into the air vent and breathed a sigh of relief. At least being squeezed into a vent meant no accusing eyes. No worried gazes.“Agent Hill.”Clint peeked through the grill to see Agent Hill being flagged down by some junior agent, one he didn’t recognise, which meant he was new at S.H.I.E.L.D.“Something I can help you with, Agent?” Hill asked, her eyes still on the paperwork in her hands. Clint recognised it as a purchase order form. Probably something to do with the clean-up of New York still going on.“Yes, ma’am. I was wondering if I could speak with you about Agent Barton.”Clint held his breath. He knew agents had been wondering about him since Loki, and even more had been wondering about his loss of Coulson as his handler.“What about Barton?” she asked, looking him in the eye.“I was wondering if I could transfer out of his training sessions.”“Is there some complaint you have against Barton personally?”“No, ma’am.”“Has there been an incident where Barton has caused a problem for you, professionally or personally?”“No, ma’am.”“Is there something about Barton’s style of teaching which means you feel you’re not achieving your full potential?”“No, ma’am.”“Then I’m at a loss to see why you would want to transfer, as the only spot open is with Romanoff, and I can promise you, from personal experience, that Barton is the lesser of two evils.”“It’s nothing personal, ma’am. I’ve just…heard things,” he finished lamely.“Heard things,” she repeated, and Clint recognised the glint in her eyes, the tightening of her mouth. He’d seen it on circus performers when someone said something exceedingly stupid; he’d seen it on Coulson when he’d first brought Natasha in. “Such as?”“That Barton was compromised during the battle of New York. That he’s…”“Let me stop you there, Agent, before you shove that foot further down your throat. One: Barton was compromised BEFORE New York, and was recalibrated by Widow herself in time to be a valuable asset to the Avengers Initiative. Two: Barton has been cleared, repeatedly, by psych. Three: whatever remaining issues Barton may or may not have are none of your concern, and such hypothetical issues have no bearing on his ability as an asset. Now, with all that in mind, do you still wish to transfer?”“No, ma’am. Sorry, ma’am.”She waved him away and Clint almost laughed aloud at how fast he moved.“Hawk?”He noticed Maria looking up at the grate behind which he was watching her. He popped it out and eased himself to the ground.“Yes, Agent Hill?”“You hear all of that?”“Yes, ma’am.”She sighed and put a hand on his shoulder. He flinched. He could count on one hand the number of people he allowed physical contact with, and she wasn’t one of them. Her hand dropped to her side.“Barton, if you hear of or experience any other incidents of opinions like that from Agents, I want them reported directly to me. Is that clear?”“Crystal.”“Barton…I know I’m not Coulson. But I do value you, as a Handler to her Asset.”“I know that. It’s just…you’re not him. And I…”He trailed off and she nodded. “I know. But I want you to know you can come to me, for any reason.”Clint nodded and she stared at him for a moment before she nodded and walked away. Clint couldn’t help but wonder if this would be happening if Phil were still around.And then all he wanted was Phil, and the pain was threatening to swallow him whole. So he levered himself back up into the vent and settled in.AOSAOSAOSAOSAOSAOS“Okay. Our target is a small area in Chile, just outside of San Pedro de Atacama. Intel have detected a small pulse of energy, they want us to check it out,” Coulson said, bringing up the map to show May where they were headed. “What are we expec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/OFC
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Science Experiments
Hydra (Marvel)
SHIELD
Established Relationship
Sexual Content
Emotionally Compromised
Tags May Change
Animal Abuse
Dog Fighting
Service Dogs
Pregnancy
Interspecies Awkwardness
Bifrost
Realm Hopping
Nerdiness
Geeky
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Shopping
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Science Bros
Dubious Science
Culture Shock
Alien Culture
Canon Divergence - Captain America: The Winter Soldier
vlogging - Freeform
Super Soldier Serum
Harm to Children
Accidental Baby Acquisition
Toddlers
Science Babies
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating Bond
Mother-Son Relationship
Protective Siblings
Bruce Banner Feels
Bruce & Hulk Interaction
Android Jarvis
Awesome Phil Coulson
Families of Choice
Jotunn | Frost Giant
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Alien Biology
Fertility Issues
Magic
Odin's A+ Parenting
Bad Parenting
Consequences
Odin will regret things
Slice of Life
The Nine Realms
Royalty
Trials
Loss of Virginity
Virgin Loki
Morning After
Morning Cuddles
Morning Wood
Bathing/Washing
Morning Sickness
Discussion of Abortion
Unplanned Pregnancy
Pregnant Loki
Good Loki
Childbirth
Blood Loss
Torture
Medical Torture
Brainwashing
Child Abuse

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Jane Foster/Thor
Bruce Banner/OFC
Loki/Steve Rogers
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

