Work Text:


        Peter paused“Wait, I’m suppose to wear inside my suit?” Tony smiled, leaning in and kissing Peter before replying “Yup” popping the ‘P’ Peter moaned as Tony started planting soft kisses on his neck “And, if you behave I’ll give surprise you a tonight” Tony said as he pulled away, Peter whined as he wrapped his arms around the billionaire’s neck “But I can’t wait until tonight!” Peter said pouting, Tony chuckled and kissed his pouty lips “I’m sure you’ll survive Peter” Peter raised an eyebrow “What happens if I don’t behave?” Tony smirked “You’ll just have to find out”Tony left a box on his bed that had a red ribbon on it, he untied the ribbon before slowly unboxing it. He immediately blushed when he saw what was inside the boxIt was a pink vibrator dildoUnder the toy was a note that said ‘You know what to do with it ;)’ Peter bit his lip before taking the vibrator out, it was about the same length as Tony’s cock, but slightly thicker. He quickly pulled down his pants and underwear and began to prep himselfAfter he was stretched enough, he inserted the vibrator inside of himself slowly, pausing now and then to get use to the stretch. After it was all the way in, he pulled his underwear back on and started to put on his suit, it felt weird for a while, but he quickly got used to it, he pressed the spider on his chest making his suit fit his form.Peter groaned as the tightness of his suit pushed the vibrator further into himself, brushing his prostate slightly he took a moment to recuperate before heading out and starting his patrol.-He really was going to murder Tony…Peter's phone rang in his pocket, he reached for it and lifted it up to his ear “T-Tony…” he could practically hear Tony smirk through the phone as he said “How's your patrol going? I didn’t interrupt anything, did I?” Peter moaned as he felt the toy push into his as prostate as he sat down, the vibrator pulsing against the spot almost drove him mad. He was currently on the roof of some building that he climbed upOut of nowhere the vibrator came to life while he was trying to catch another bike theft “F-Fuck, Tony!” Peter stammered Tony lowered the vibration level giving Peter a small break “Are you enjoying this so far? Maybe I should do this more often-““No!” Peter shoutedPeter winced at his loudness “No…God no...” he repeated but this time quieter Tony chuckled “Boy, it must be driving you crazy, huh? I bet at this rate you might come in your pants in public” The levels slowly started to increase, a small moan escaped Peter's lips “Tony…Please…”“Wouldn't that be fun? I would enjoy watching that happen, me sitting here playing with the different settings while you're outside with a vibrator up your ass, brushing against your sweet spot” Peter whined, at this rate he was going to come in publicThe vibrator’s intensity started to arise “Tony, s-stop….”“You like that, don't you? You would get off to the thought of coming in your pants in public, with people around you on their phones. Taking pictures of a naughty boy with a mess in his pants” Peter’s legs grew weak, from the vibrator and from Tony’s dirty talk. Although he’d hate to admit it, he did have a kink of being humiliated in public. The thought sent shivers down his spine“You’d like that, wouldn’t you”Peter moaned as the toy was now aggressively vibrating inside him he felt himself getting closer and closer to the edge, he whined when the vibrator suddenly turned off “T-Tony please! I’m so close!” Peter pleaded “We can't have you coming yet, can we?” Peter sobbed in sexual frustration“That's for later, you can't come until I say you can, or else you’ll be punished. You want to be a good boy, don’t you?” Peter whimpered “I-I won’t I promise! I’ll be a good boy!”“Promise, what?”“I promise, Daddy” Peter said, a blush sprouting across his face “Good boy, if you keep behaving I might spoil you all night” Peter whined at the thought of Tony spoiling him, Tony placing sweet kisses all over his body, whispering promises and sweet nothings in his ear, him taking care of Peter all night “I can’t wait to see you when you come over, I don’t think I’ll be able to keep my hands off you” Tony said, his voice low and sensual, the same voice he uses when he’s towering over Peter in bed“I want you so bad daddy, I wish you were the toy inside me so I can fuck myself on your cock and ride you all night” Tony groaned “Shit, baby. You’ll drive me crazy if you keep talking like that” Tony growled, he cursed under his breath when he looked at the time “I’ll see you tonight, I’ve got to deal with these shitty meeting.”“Remember to behave, baby”“Yes daddy”   -Peter got home just in time for dinner, he sat down just as May placed a pot of spaghetti on the table “So, how was it? Anything new with your friends?” Peter shook his head as he started eating May’s cooking “Not much, Michelle’s getting into poetry” His aunt hummed “Are you still sleeping over at Ned’s?” she asked “Yeah, he said he had t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Vibrators
Daddy Kink
Consensual Underage Sex
Peter is 17
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Orgasm Denial
Smut
Eventual Fluff
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Precious Peter Parker
For a Friend
I'm Going to Hell
I Will Go Down With This Ship
I'm Sorry
How Do I Tag

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

