Work Text:
                So the thing is, Tony Stark is an asshole. Objectively. He and Rhodey proved it back in Tony’s second year at MIT, when they assigned values to his behaviors, documented everything he did for a week, ran some basic calculations, and came up with several interesting theories that all, unfortunately, boiled down to: Tony Stark is an asshole.                “I mean,” Tony said, bracingly, “these methods, though. Rhodey-bear, this is barely math. We’re doing soft science. We’ve become sociologists.”                “I told you,” Rhodey said, face buried in his hands. “I told you I wanted no part in this. I’ve got a project for Propulsion due, and you said this was an ‘emergency.’ An emergency, you said, so if you don’t like our methods you can get--”                “We’ve gotta repeat the experiment,” Tony said, with a decisive nod. He smoothed his hands over their field notes, eyes scanning the tally marks, the asides, the stick figures Rhodey had sketched in the margins, killing themselves in a dozen creative ways.                “No,” Rhodey said. “No.”                “I’ll be drunk this time,” Tony said. “I unintentionally skewed the results. Must have. I was aware of the experiment, and it changed my behavior. So, drunk. We’ll do it drunk.”                “You are not,” Rhodey said, desperately, “going to be drunk for a week, Tony. For fuck’s sake.”                “Yeah,” Tony said. “Yep. Drunk enough to forget I’m being studied. I’ve gotta regress, Rhodey. We’ve gotta go full state of nature on this shit.”                Rhodey finally lifted his head out of his hands. He leveled a bleak, bloodshot stare Tony’s direction. After a moment, he sighed, heavily, and closed his eyes. “Your Social Science requirements,” he said, with dark resignation, “are gonna be the death of you, Tony.”                If Tony has learned anything over the course of his life, it’s that people can change their names, their bone structure, and their political affiliations, but their natures always – always – stay the same.                Tony Stark was an asshole at seventeen, and he’s an asshole now, decades later.                It’s just bad luck that it’s in Steve Roger’s nature to make people want to be better than they are. - - -                 Steve Rogers is the kind of variable that pisses scientists off, just by living, just by functioning, inexplicably, in defiance of modern understanding of the natural order. He’s a footnote in a hundred studies, an outlier in numerous articles that has to be acknowledged and explained. He’s like Bruce, basically, but less fun, less charming, and far less willing to be lured down into Tony’s lab for a casual, only vaguely handsy examination.                 Steve Rogers is also the kind of surly buzzkill that’s been ruining Tony’s life since he was about fourteen.                The two of them were predisposed to dislike each other, and Tony, if nothing else, can always be relied upon to live down to someone else’s expectations.                So, he doesn’t like the guy. He doesn’t hate him. He doesn’t think about him much at all, really.                Sure, he thinks about him several times a day, but Tony’s brain is a wonder unto itself, capable of spinning in a dozen directions at once, and, so, several times a day is basically not at all.                He doesn’t obsess over him. Tony knows what obsession looks like, how it tends to manifest when it hits him, and he knows this isn’t obsession, because he hasn’t shown up wasted at Steve’s apartment at some ungodly hour of the night, or bought him anything expensive like a nice watch or a live tiger or a McLaren, or even casually hacked his email more than once or twice, so it’s just the kind of low-level curiosity shared between teammates.                That being said, he’s fairly observant, even when he’s not obsessing, so he notices the way Steve gets wound up, sometimes.                He carries it in his shoulders. There’s a slight change in the angle, a tension that ratchets the long, straight line of his shoulders into an unhappy set of inclines, with his shoulders inching ever so slightly toward his ears. And he carries it in his mouth, the way it presses in on itself, bleaches those ludicrous, girlishly pink lips of his into a bloodless line.                And, sometimes, he’ll shake it off on his own. Usually by destroying another set of punching bags, but sometimes by setting off on a long trip down the coastline, and Tony will watch his progress using the GPS tracker he hid on Steve’s bike, and he’ll think the whole time, while he’s watching, that Steve isn’t sleeping, isn’t resting, isn’t taking breaks longer than needed to refuel. And it’ll hit, on the second day or maybe the third, that now Tony isn’t sleeping, either, just working in his lab with a map pulled up on one of the side-screens, following Steve’s trip, and he doesn’t sleep until Steve gets back, and, so, it’s counterprodu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Timelines
Post-Avengers (2012)
Touch-Starved
Friends With Benefits
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Misunderstandings
Idiots in Love

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

