Work Text:
“Ah! Doctor Strange! I wondered if you’d make an appearance,” somebody approaches him the second he enters the hall.Stephen remembers the man from a medical conference last year. He was presenting a paper on alternative medicine. What a lunatic.“Allen Pascal, we met at - ”“Yes, of course,” he gives him his well-practiced courtesy smile, shakes his hand and before the man can start sputtering any nonsense, he bolts further into the room, melting into the crowd.It’s the biggest event of the year. Anyone who means anything in all sorts of scientific fields is here today and Stephen fully intends to mingle…with all the right people.Definitely not Pascal.He grabs champagne from the bar and looks around, exchanging court nods and small talks with people he recognizes – and some that he doesn’t, but who recognize him.“Doctor Strange? Is that your real name?” a woman comes up to him, clearly having no idea who he is. At least she can read the nametag.It’s inevitable that he gets targeted by all sorts of desperate housewives around here, especially since he once again refused to bring a plus one. Maybe he should ask Christine next time. He wouldn’t want to give her any false hopes though and something tells him that she wouldn’t appreciate being asked out just to be his social defense shield.“No, that’s my superhero name,” he retorts mockingly and brushes past the now clearly offended blonde.He needs more champagne.The bar is a good vantage point, overlooking the giant ballroom so he hangs by it for a moment, observing. There’s at least three hundred people here…that’s two hundred and ninety-nine too many people, degrees and egos crammed into a space this small. The only purpose these events serve is to boast about oneself to unsuspecting colleagues. New procedures, new inventions, new publications…it’s a battle of achievements. And Stephen loves it.Let the best overachiever win.“Oh…Doctor Strange? As in the neurosurgeon?”And score. Another person he’s never met but who knows him anyway. “In the flesh.”The other man smiles politely, seeming to be a bit out of place here. Acting all shy, nervous…that tux looks top notch, specially tailored, just clearly not for him. Borrowed. “I read your paper on restorative neurosurgery. Your work in that field is…unparalleled,” he frowns a little at his own words. “I’m Doctor Banner, it’s a pleasure to meet you,” he smiles again and extends a hand to him, uncertain.Hm. Looks like his inability to recognize members of the Avengers extends beyond Tony Stark.Speaking of Stark, he expected the man to be here as well. Even kind of hoped he would…not that he’d ever admit it to anyone. He doesn’t need to search through the gathering to see if he’s here – if he were, he’d already be the center of attention. The man has more degrees than some of the people here combined and this event sounds exactly like something he would enjoy. Alas, he isn’t here.Shame.“Thank you, it’s a work in progress,” he shakes his hand, surprised by the firm grip that one wouldn’t expect from the shy doctor. Then again, this is the Hulk. “You have interest in neuroscience?”“Not really…I just read a lot,” he chuckles. “And brains are a fascinating subject. So much ground that hasn’t been discovered yet, so much potential…quite fascinating.”“I suppose so is biochemistry? And what else…nuclear physics?” Stephen doesn’t mean for it to come out so sarcastic, but since when had he been able to stop himself.If it offends Banner, he doesn’t let it show. On the contrary, he nods and sighs. “Yeah, I know…you wouldn’t be the first one to say my field of expertise is a little…boring? Explored? But I enjoy it…just as much as you must enjoy your work.”This is most definitely not Banner’s scene. He’s too polite to mingle with ego-boasting assholes like himself. What’s he doing here?! “Yes, of course. Well, thank you for the chat, Doctor Banner. Nice to meet you,” he excuses himself before some of the man’s proper behavior and positivity spreads to him.That would be a disaster for sure.“Likewise,” he nods and goes back to the bar, looking like a sparrow lost among vultures.No his problem. As long as nobody makes the man angry. He might have come for the excitement of destroying competition, but he’d rather not watch his competition be literally destroyed by a raging beast.The night finally picks up an hour later – gossip flies from left and right, silent dramas ensue and arguments brew between old rivals. Stephen for once keeps to just watching all that.There’s not much gossip that would concern him personally and definitely no rivals. No worthy adversaries, still.One of the arguments however catches his attention. His and everyone else’s.“That’s ridiculous! You are drunk, go sleep it off!”“As if you weren’t hammered yourself! Not just now but back then! Did you go and sleep it off?!”Nothing ruins a good evening better than drunken disputes. Stephen approaches the quarrelling pair through the gathering crowd of observer
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Pre-Doctor Strange (2016)
Stephen meets Bruce
Hurt Stephen Strange
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Science Bros
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bruce Banner
Party Gone Wrong
Flirting
shameless use of a Magnus quote
it was too strong to fight

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

