Work Text:
  There is a man on the bridge.

"Bucky?"

There is a man on the bridge that speaks to him as though he's known him for a thousand years. A man that looks at him with soft eyes, and soft lips, and speaks with a soft whisper that echoes far louder than the constant throb in his head.

The Winter Soldier does not recognize the name. But the man's face is familiar, like a pinpoint on a map whose borders are blurred, the names smudged with black ink. The thought echoes there, like the whisper, and for a moment, the Winter Soldier pauses the attack to think. It is a sign of weakness on his behalf, he knows. Soldiers do not think. They obey.

"Who the hell is Bucky?" he asks, because he cannot help it. There is a man on the bridge who looks at him as though he knows, looks at him as though the Winter Soldier is something other than a weapon, and the Winter Soldier feels a yearning in him that he has never felt before.

But the moment is short. There is a breaching pistol in his right hand, and in his left, a steel knife. He has a mission to complete.

The man does not move even as he raises the weapon. He stands there like a lost child, despondent and confused, not even registering the 61 aimed at his head. The Winter Soldier has seen many cry at gunpoint, and has ended every single one without a blink— but he does not know why he stills when this man does.

"Watch out!"

The weapon is kicked out of his hand. A man with silver wings lands before him. He should not have hesitated. He picks up the 61 and aims at Steve's head —Steve? Who is Steve? How does the Winter Soldier know this name?— but before he has the chance to fire, the thick stench of ammunition has filled his lungs and risen bile to his throat. The red woman has launched a grenade.

It is quick work to find the nearest plug to the sewers, and even quicker to reach the nearest checkpoint. The men there recoil when they see him. They are suits, tactless and clumsy, and they bark orders at him while the soldiers hose him down. One of the suits is speaking to someone on the phone. "He's a goddamn mess. TAC team's cleaning the shit off of him as we speak, but that's not the only problem. He's got a fried arm and a bad attitude. He's refusing to talk. He's missing a mask. I think he remembered something. We might have to wipe him."

The Winter Soldier wants to crush the man's skull to make him quiet, so that he can hear the name rattling about in his head.

'Bucky?'

No. That cannot be it. The Winter Soldier has no name.



—



"But I knew him."

He is twelve years old.

It is a day like any other on the school playground, and he has a brown bag of treats, freshly baked by the Sisters, that he refuses to share with the other boys. He is bigger than most there, so they do not pick on him like they do with the smaller ones.

'Hey, give it back!'

There is a scuffle by the swings. A boy made of nothing but skin and bones is crumpled on the ground, and over him, a group of fat, angry children are kicking away at his weak frame. The Winter Soldier sighs and puts his bag of treats away. He is just about to leap to the boy's rescue when one of the fat children lets out a sudden yelp of pain.

He watches in awe as the boy with the broken teeth kicks in return, finding knees and heads and weak spots that send the greedy children falling back, and for a moment, as the crowd clears, the Winter Soldier sees a brown bag, much like his own, clutched tight against the boy's thin chest. The fat children leave him be. He may be small, but he is vicious and strong and all the things a little boy like him should not be, and he fends them off like the brown bag is not a bag at all, but a satchel filled with treasure.

The Winter Soldier offers a hand to the boy. 'That was a real brave thing you did back there,' he says, in a voice that sounds too gentle to be his. 'What's your name?'

'Steve,' the boy groans as he lets himself be hoisted up. He weighs as much as a feather pillow. The Winter Soldier watches him dust off his knees and take a seat on one of the swings, and reach into that brown paper bag to pull out a piece of stale bread and half an apple. Something sickening curls at the pit of his stomach. For some reason, he feels as though he must protect this boy, protect his meager bones and his meager lunch for as long as he lives. 'What's yours?'

'Bucky.'

"Wipe him."

His pulse quickens. The mouthguard tastes bitter on his tongue. There was a man on a bridge, and a boy on the playground, and they both knew his name. The memories come rushing back, but the blue light chases them away, replaces them with things a soldier must never forget. His back arches as the current flows through. The mouthguard breaks.



—



He is the Winter Soldier. He is the Ghost of Volgograd, the Black Death. He cannot be what the man had called him.

But while in cryostasis, he hears things. They think he is unaware, his ears deaf to the world, but while his body is unconscious, hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

