Work Text:
Peter was trying to stay out of it. He really was. These were the literal Avengers, they could kill him in an instant. But they were making it really hard.	“I’m sorry, but do you even know him?!" Peter burst out after a particular comment. Team Captain America was back on the compound for the first time since the Civil War, and were left in a meeting room while Tony cleared up their names with the rest of the world and got them totally pardoned. Peter was the only on from Team Iron Man in the room other than Vision, who was just watching them with a puzzled expression.	“What did you just say?” Captain America said to him, and if Peter weren’t totally irate, it might have silenced him.“I said do you even know him? Tony Stark?” Scattered laughter came from them.“Son, we’ve known Tony Stark for much longer than you have.”Peter bristled, “One, don’t call me son, two, I don’t think you really know him though. Because if you really think that the only thing Mr. Stark cares about is alcohol and woman, than you obviously don’t.”	Team Cap looked surprised that this kid was questioning them. Peter continued. “Actually, I have an idea. You think you know Tony Stark, so let’s test that. All of you against me.”Now they were just confused. “What do you mean?” Wanda asked, angling her head.“Let’s take turns stating facts about him. If I say one wrong you correct me, and if you say one wrong, I’ll correct you. If you get it wrong, you have to go until you get it right. It’s not like you guys don’t have the time for this. I’m sure it won’t take long anyways.”	Team Cap looked at each other, all shrugging in agreement. Peter nodded at them to start, his face stony and still mad.“Tony’s favourite drink is scotch.” Clint started, confidentially.“Not true. Tony’s favourite drink is cranberry juice, he likes how tart it is. He’s also been totally sober from alcohol for almost three years.” Peter paused for a minute to let that information sink in. “Go again.”Steve spoke up this time, “His favourite colour is red.”Peter almost wanted to sigh, “Nope, his favourite colour is periwinkle. He says it’s because it sounds funny, but it’s really because it was his mom’s favourite colour. Go again.” Peter’s tone was short and clipped.	“He hates us.” Sam said, jokingly.Peter stood up and shook his head, “I know that was a joke, but that’s just so not true. Mr. Stark doesn’t even dislike you guys. Do you really think he would invite the man who left him to die into his home if he really hated him? Mr. Stark forgave you guys before you even stopped fighting. He cares about you guys so much more than you think. He’s literally, as we speak, trying to convince the world to not put you in a prison underwater until you rot to death! He has been making you guys new gear! He’s been making rooms specifically for each of you in the compound! Do you know what his biggest fear is? His biggest fear is losing you guys. But you guys don’t know him because you never tried to know him! You guys claim to be a family but you were hardly ever a team!” Peter paused to take a breath.	“I think it’s my turn. His favourite movie is Lord of the Rings because he likes being able to escape to another world. His favourite genre of books is fantasy for the same reason. He likes old horror movies because he like to make fun of the graphics. His favourite food is raspberries. He likes his pancakes with chocolate chips but only when Pepper makes them. He pretends to like his coffee black, but is a sucker for sweet coffee. He doesn’t like seafood unless it's from Australia, he says it just tastes different when it’s from there. His favourite artist is Giacometti and he used to have original art from him before his old home was destroyed in a terrorist attack. He has always wanted kids of his own, but is terrified that he’ll end of like his father. He secretly donates money to organizations that help veterans with PTSD and LGBT+ organizations because he wants to support people with stuff that he never got support with. He likes rock music, but screamo is too much for him. Classical music makes him cry because it’s what his mom used to play for him when his father was drunk and angry. The first time he ever said that he loved anyone after his mom died was 3 months ago! And that was to me! He doesn’t blame any of you guys for what happened. He should, but he doesn’t.”	Peter stopped pacing to look at the people in from of him. All of them were shocked, but Peter still had stuff to say.“Mr. Barton, he made sure that your family didn’t have to worry about school and finances while you were on the run. He babysat your kids often when Laura needed a break. Mr. Rogers, Mr. Barnes, he was highly involved with Princess Shuri with your healing process and worked tirelessly to find a way to wipe your conditioning. You don’t know about that because he didn’t want you to. Mr. Lang, Mr. Stark did the same thing with your friends and family that he did with Mr. Barton’s. Mr. Wilson
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Defensive Peter Parker
Peter loves his dad
his iron dad
team cap is kinda mean
not really bashing
but they just don't get tony
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Tony Stark Is a Good Bro
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
peter tells team cap off for their bs
tony is touched
Spider-son
Iron-Dad
team cap feels bad
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers

fandom: 
None
