Work Text:
"We landed on the moon," says Tony through a mouthful of sandwich.  "That was pretty cool.""I thought we were talking about modern stuff, Stark," Clint says, shaking his head.  Tony's only touched half of his sandwich.  Maybe if he uses the rope-trick arrow he can snag the other half off Tony's plate before he notices.  Son of a bitch used the last of the bacon.  Head of Stark Industries – to think he can't even remember to keep his own kitchen stocked."That's modern!" Tony protests.  "Well, it was transformative.""It was faked," Clint says."Don't even start, Barton, Stark Tower is a conspiracy-theory-free zone," says Tony.  "Unless it's a SHIELD conspiracy.""The slow erosion of democracy in favor of interest groups and corporations," Bruce suggests.  "That's important.""I'm standing right here, Bruce," says Tony."Yeah, and how much money goes to the Policy Office of Stark Industries?" Bruce says."Not nearly enough, apparently, since all my repulsor tech got leaked."  "What are you all doing?" asks Natasha, coming into the kitchen."Getting Barnes here up to speed on the twenty-first century," says Stark.  "Oh, Doctor Who came back!  Well, I guess Doctor Who wasn't around in World War II.  So put Doctor Who on your list."Clint watches as Barnes looks at Natasha with that dead-eyed, brainwashed-assassin's stare for a long moment, and then slowly starts shaking his head.  "You stop that," Clint tells him.  "We're being helpful.""Helpful like when you kicked him in the head, or actually helpful?" says Natasha."Cognitive recalibration," Clint says to Bruce.  "Works every time.""Oh, same-sex marriage," says Tony, snapping his fingers.  "That's important.  Repeal of Don't Ask, Don't Tell, that too."Barnes's head turns so fast that Clint expects to hear it crack.  "What?" he says."Same-sex marriage is federally recognized, and legal in a bunch of states," Tony says."Seventeen, plus the District," says Bruce.  "If you count civil unions.""And you can't get kicked out of the military for being out anymore," Clint adds.  "That was the Don't Ask, Don't Tell part."  Barnes opens his mouth just as Steve comes in and walks to the refrigerator, and then Barnes immediately closes it.  Clint watches him stare intently at the back of Steve's head.Oh, Clint thinks.He looks at Tony, who definitely noticed, too, judging by the way his eyebrows are up by his (receding, ha) hairline, and Bruce is looking from Barnes to Steve and back again with his intention to stay the hell out of it written all over his face."Did someone finish the bacon?" Steve says, pulling his head out of the fridge.  He frowns when he sees everyone looking at him.  "What?"Clint suddenly has a mighty need for popcorn. Because the thing is, it's awkward after that, and Steve, Steven Rogers, Captain Fucking America, is completely oblivious.  Barnes watches Steve like a cat watching a canary, except in this metaphor Clint starts getting worried Barnes is going to make like an actual cat and bring Steve, like, a dead mouse or something to show his affection, and that just wouldn't be right.  Besides, Clint is a good friend, or something, but mostly trolling Barnes is trolling Steve by extension and no way in hell is Clint going to pass up an opportunity for that.So he starts recruiting. He should not have started recruiting with Natasha."Look, Clint, it's just a little weird that you're trying so hard to hook Steve and Barnes up," says Natasha.  "Why is it so important to you?""It's not important to me," Clint says.  "It's just.  Our lives are fucked-up, okay?  All of 'em.  I get that.  I accept it.  But that doesn't mean they can't at least have something good, you know?"And then Nat gives him that goddamn look, and Clint shakes his head."Oh, no.  No, no, no.  Stop looking at me like that, Nat.""Like what?""Like you just realized I'm a sad little puppy," says Clint.  "Eyes on the prize, Widow: we're getting Captain America and Bucky laid, with each other.  That's the op.  Got it?"Natasha sighs.  "Sure, Clint.  Got it.""It's our patriotic duty," Clint continues.  "It's for America."Nat folds her lips together into a resigned line.  "Now it's creepy again." The conversation with Tony is delightfully brief.  At least someone's on the same page as him."Hey Tony," Clint says, and holds up one hand like he's weighing something in it.  "Steve."  He holds up the other hand.  "Barnes."  He brings the two hands together.  "Boning."Tony, God bless him, points right back at Clint.  "Already on it, birdbrain.""Shut up, Tin Man," Clint calls after him.Except he regrets recruiting Tony at all almost immediately."Here are the only words you'll ever need," Clint overhears Tony telling Barnes very, very seriously.  "'Nice shoes.  Wanna fuck?'""How the hell are you a superhero?" Barnes demands, and it's the first sensible thing Clint's heard him say. "Come on, big guy," Clint says.  "Don't you want to, you know, make love and not war for once?""I don't know what makes yo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Crack
Matchmaking
Bad Matchmaking
Clint inappropriately interferes in the lives of his teammates
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

