Work Text:
 Steve expected Bucky and Tony to be hostile at most, to dislike each other at best. Given what the worldwide media dubbed, the Superhero Civil War, neither men could be faulted. It was a difficult situation all around, and Steve was just grateful that T’Challa invited them to reside in Wakanda while Bucky recovered, and Tony sorted his mess out.When they were finally allowed to return after a yearlong wait, Steve was ready to forgive and forget. Impatient for it, if he was being honest.He missed being home, missed the familiarity of the Compound, missed the freedom of movement.For whatever reason, T’Challa was unwilling to let them roam free as they wished, and though the young king was a gracious host, his bodyguards, sister, and mother were less than enthused. The Avengers were relegated to a private villa within the perimeter of the palace, their needs were all taken care of, but for all Steve had seen of the country rich in Vibranium, T’Challa and his people seemed rather ham-fisted about treating them particularly well.(They were denied tech to continue fighting the good fight, and not given any new garments or gadgets beyond what they had brought with.)Clint said it best when he observed that it was probably why T’Challa and the Wakandans were having a tough time entering the global arena. Natasha looked like she swallowed a lemon.Regardless, the world needed them again, and Steve assured the team that Tony would live and let live, and assured them, “He’ll be relegated to upgrades and funding like he was meant to.” (He didn’t understand why Shuri looked both offended and disgusted, or why T’Challa grimaced.)Their homecoming was not as warm as he expected, likely due to the obvious tensions between all involved. But he made sure to put on a happy face, he was Captain America, after all.After being herded off the quinjet, there was a press conference to sign the Accords. (Sam and Scott were surprised that the Accords had been more reasonable upon their reading of it, but Steve had assured them that it wasn’t the case the first time around.) And then finally driven home in a nondescript vehicle for “safety purposes”.That Tony would be cold, aloof and caustic towards them was expected, but also disappointing. Steve’s pleas of “we forgive you” fell on deaf ears. He always suspected Tony was a martyr.It certainly didn't help that the Avengers’ absence left Tony with his usual enablers in the form of Rhodes and Pepper Potts along with Hope Van Dyne and a gaggle of other enhanced people that were suddenly residing in the Compound now.It was new and improved, as expected, and he thrilled along with the others what upgrades they could expect once they settled in. Tony never skimped on the tech or the money throwing, and regardless of his attitude, Tony would cave eventually, they were a team after all. It would be a bit difficult, Steve admitted to himself, after he told Tony where his duties would lay now, but he was the leader and it was his call. Tony would get over it. But Tony's enablers wouldn't even let him get the words out. They were everywhere, like this was their home, like they were the "New Avengers". What ideas had Tony put in their head?“This isn’t home anymore,” Steve said, and Tony, ever the sarcastic, stubborn asshole he was replied, “That’s because you’re in the West Wing.”Bucky was having a rough go of it, Steve knew, so he didn’t plant himself in the reception hall and demand to be heard despite Wanda, Clint and Sam’s looks of incredulity.So, Tony would take more than a year to get his head out of his ass and be a team player. That’s fine, Steve could wait for that apology, but Bucky needed him. It was no doubt, traumatizing to see Tony again. Tony had almost killed Bucky, after all.When Steve had let his guard down around the third week since their return, of course, that’s when things started to go wrong: Bucky wasn’t in his room when Steve went to pick him up for their morning run at five; and was surprised when he walked into the communal kitchen and found Bucky sitting on the floor, back against the cupboard with Tony sitting beside him. Bucky was still in his pajamas, hair in a tangled mess of a bun, and the arm Shuri had fabricated was swallowed whole by the sleeve of his ill-fitting sweater. Steve knew how self-conscious Bucky felt about it, and just being beside Tony had his best friend tugging at it nervously.Tony, for his part, was sitting too close. “…I forgive you, you know,” Tony was saying, and while a second ago Bucky looked almost relaxed, his shoulders immediately stiffened, and Steve’s fists clenched. Unbelievable!“It was never his fault,” Steve jumped in. “It wasn’t him, Tony, I thought you’d know that by now! He’s the victim here, you have no right!”Before Tony could argue about it and make Bucky feel worse, Bucky himself drew his metal arm to Tony’s other side – as if physically stopping him from lashing out. A good call, Steve approved, since they were both
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Delusional Steve Rogers
also features unimpressed Wakandan royalty
like Shuri can't even
Bucky gets adopted by Team Tony
Steve gets a surprise
I was very chill about this actually
so its just Steve being super oblivious
there's dramatic irony though
so there's that
Post Captain America: Civil War

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

