Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Events at the airport did not go how Steve expected. He’d planned for a fight, one he knew he was probably going to have to instigate and one that he had to win. Tony was compromised and while he didn’t want to hurt him, he had to protect Bucky and take care of the danger of the other Winter Soldiers. He couldn’t afford for them to be let loose. If they were, it would put Bucky at risk of being lumped in with them. No one would listen or care that Bucky was back to himself (mostly) and they’d kill him. Steve wasn’t going to let that happen and if that meant putting Tony down hard, well, he wouldn’t like it but he’d do it.
What he didn’t expect though was the sheer ferocity with which Tony attacked. There was no talking, no attempts to negotiate, nothing that they’d anticipated and had planned for as a way to give them time to locate Tony’s quinjet. None of that happened. Instead, Tony and Rhodes and what looked like half the Iron Legion came swooping in around the bulk of the airport, weapons at the ready, and before they knew what was happening, tiny darts were sprouting out of their chests and then they knew nothing.
****
Tony stood in front of the cells and waited with a sense of implacable anger for Rogers and his little band of idiotic ducklings to come round. Rogers and Wilson were in the cells to his left and Barton and Maximoff were to his right. The cells were unfortunately not set up for enhanced people but Rogers was wearing a set of handcuffs and shackles of Tony’s making that even he wouldn’t be able to break and after Tony left, a guard with more of the tranq darts would be situated at the entrance to take him down if he tried anything stupid. As for Maximoff, the collar wasn’t perfect but it worked and as long as she didn’t actively use her abilities, it wouldn’t hurt her. Pavlovian conditioning usually worked on most people with any sort of sense.
Barnes was upstairs, being assessed by a psychologist. A real one this time. He’d already told them about the other Winter Soldiers and had then added that he had something to tell Tony personally but that could wait until he’d dealt with these clowns.
Slowly, Rogers and the others woke and realised where they were and Tony waited out their initial exclamations of dismay and Wanda’s little tantrum. Finally, they fell silent and Rogers planted himself in front of the bars.
“Tony! You’ve got to let us out.”
“If you’re worried about Helmut Zemo and the Winter Soldiers, Barnes told us about them and Zemo has already been picked up at the Moscow airport and the Avengers have been contacted about going to the bunker in Siberia,” Tony said flatly. “Funny how easy that was when we actually communicated with the authorities.”
Rogers looked taken aback for a moment then something furtive flickered across his face. Tony viewed that with a certain detached curiosity and wondered if it had something to do with whatever it was Barnes wanted to tell him.
Rogers opened his mouth to say something that Tony was sure was going to be pompous and self-righteous. He wasn’t interested in listening to it so he cut the man off.
“This is what’s going to happen now,” he said, his voice cold and implacable. “You are all facing charges for the crimes you committed in Bucharest and for Barton and Maximoff, at the Compound. I have decided to provide you with lawyers, however, should you do anything to hurt anyone or attempt to escape, those lawyers will be withdrawn immediately. Since there is little doubt you will be found guilty of most, if not all of the charges that are being levelled at you, I am also here to tell you that your membership of the Avengers has been officially revoked and all privileges associated with that are now null and void.”
He turned on one heel and headed for the door, ignoring the chorus of protests and curses that followed him. It wasn’t until he heard Rogers’ plaintive “Tony, why?” that he stopped and walked back so they could all see him.
“Why?” His lips curled in an unpleasant sneer. “Why don’t you ask your precious little witch? Why don’t you ask her what she did to someone she professed to care about?” 
Rogers and his cronies fell silent and Tony continued.
“Vision is broken because of her. Because she slammed him through eleven floors of the Compound and then flounced off with Barton without checking to see if he even lived.” He almost shouted that word as he whirled around and the rest of what he said, hard and cold and unforgiving, was directed at Maximoff. “We found him in the lowermost basement of the Compound with half his head caved in and impaled in three places by rebar.”
Wanda paled and staggered back until she hit the wall. Tony felt no pity or sympathy, not when he had been the one to find Vision.
“If he lives, attempted murder will be added to your charges,” Tony said. “If he doesn’t…”
He didn’t finish that sentence and turned to look at the others, who all looked shocked and uncertain. “Next time you say 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Wanda Friendly
Not terribly Steve friendly
He's not bad
just desperate
Iron Man Flash Bang 2018
Tony is done with these people
Vision is hurt
because being thrown through several floors is never good
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
