Chapter 1





Chapter Text
This was it.It. The big It.Tony’s first undercover assignment.He was a whore.Wait, no, sorry, an escort. An expensive one at that. Apparently, mob bosses only shopped top shelf.Tony had no clue how the higher ups got the escort service to go along with this. Probably told them some story about how they’d bust the whole company if they didn’t play ball. Either way, they put Tony’s picture up on the site and denied all requests for him until Barnes asked for him.And who is Barnes, you ask?Only the most notorious and powerful gangster in New York City since...well, since God knows when. Been in power for close to ten years aad in those ten years, nothing the cops had thrown at him had stuck. Nothing. Everyone knew he ran the city, but no one could prove it.Now it was Tony’s job to make something stick.No matter what small, trivial charge it was, it just had to stick. If it did, they’d have the leverage and opportunity to find more to pile on.So there Tony was, on his way to Barnes’ place, ready to get slapped around or choked half to death or whatever freaky shit Barnes was into. He was prepared to do pretty much anything to take Barnes down. A lot of people had suffered because of him and his organization.Tony climbed the step of Barnes’ Brooklyn brownstone. He stopped there for a moment and took a deep, calming breath. He just had to be his usual charming self and do as he was told, keeping eyes and ears open, and everything would go smoothly.He knocked on the door.It opened after a few seconds. A rough-looking guy stood on the other side, glaring daggers at Tony.“What?” the guy asked.“Um, I’m Tony. From the service?” Tony said.God, his voice was shaky. Why was he so nervous?The guy looked him up and down then stepped back to let him in. He closed the door behind Tony. He was made to hold out his arms and spread his legs for the guy, who then gave him a thorough pat down. Once he was sure Tony was unarmed, he gave Tony a shove to get him moving.They walked through the vestibule to a hallway that split off to different rooms and ended in a staircase going up. With gruff orders, Tony was directed through the dining room to the kitchen. There, the guy shoved him down into a seat at the kitchen table. Tony looked around, twiddling his thumbs, while the guy positioned himself by the door to stand guard.It was a nice place. Looked well-loved and lived in. Seemed like a home.Tony would have to tell the brass. They’d been sure Barnes would just take him to some safe-house somewhere, not his actual home. They’d go nuts for this! They had been trying to figure out where Barnes lived for forever! He’d barely started this thing and he was already getting good info.Now Barnes just had to get there, he supposed.A phone rang. Tony glanced over his shoulder to where the goon stood, watching him fish his phone out of the inside pocket of his suit jacket.“Rumlow.” he said as he answered, “Yeah, he just got here. Got it, I’ll let him know.”The guy, Rumlow, appeared beside Tony a moment later, still glaring at him like he was a pest.“Boss is stuck in traffic. He said you could eat while you wait, if you’d like. You’re allowed to either cook something, or order in. His dime.”Tony nodded jerkily and Rumlow shuffled back to his spot by the doorOkay. That was...not terrible, he supposed. Maybe some food would settle his stomach. And he’d have some time to talk his nerves down from the ledge and figure out how to play this thing.Past partners always said he was a good cook, maybe he could use that; the way to a man’s heart is through his stomach, right? He’d charm the hell out of Barnes with a nice dinner.Tony got up. He shrugged out of his coat, resting it over the back of one of the chairs, and rolled up the sleeves of his black Henley. He toes out of his shoes as well, getting a little more comfortable.Alright! Time to ransack the kitchen and see what he could whip up.*Tony sipped his wine slowly, stirring the pasta mix he’d managed to throw together. Some chicken, pasta, pesto, cheese, and boom! Quick and easy dinner! The table was set too, for him and Barnes, and he found a good bottle of wine to open, minus the one or two glasses he’d already polished off.“So, uh, Rumlow?” he said hesitantly, hazarding to approach the man. “Um, I was wondering if you know when Mister Barnes will get here. I...I mean, just thinking whether I should eat now or maybe wait for a bit?”Rumlow rolled his eyes. He checked his watch.“Should be any minute.”Tony nodded quickly. “Thanks.”He set his glass aside on the table, then quickly moved the pot from the stove to the table as well. He sat down to wait.Almost as if on cue, the front door opened and closed. Steps echoed in the hallway. Barnes appeared in the doorway. Tony put on the smile he knew was his most charming.“Hi.” he said.Barnes smiled back. To be perfectly honest, Barnes was a pretty handsome guy. A small smile, soft eyes, dark hair in a messy bun, he was dressed i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tags May Change
Warnings May Change
Organized Crime
Alternate Universe - Police
Alternate Universe - Criminals
Undercover
Sex Work
Escort Service
Daddy Kink
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Spanking
Oral Sex
Rimming
Public Sex
Caught
Being Walked In On
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Violence
Gun Violence
Threats of Violence
Background Relationships
Background Het
Masturbation
Sexual Fantasy
Blow Jobs
Public Blow Jobs
Hand Jobs
Public Hand Jobs
Sugar Daddy
Light Bondage
Bondage
Crossdressing
Crossdressing Kink
Lingerie
High Heels
Face-Fucking
Eavesdropping
Humiliation
Sex Toys
Phone Sex
Mutual Masturbation
Nipple Play
Nipple Clamps
Choking
Size Kink
Blood
Kidnapping
Kidnapped Tony Stark
Torture
Blood and Violence
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

