Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter felt the cold getting to his head as he webbed his way through the city. Aunt May was going to kill him when she figured out that he wasn’t resting, in bed, with the heating pad. He sniffed and landed on a rooftop, overlooking the alleyways so he could continue his patrol. “Ugh…” He lifted his mask slightly, breathing out through his mouth. It was hard to breathe underneath it. “I din thin ‘piders go’ thick,” he muttered to himself thickly, trying to get his stopped-up nose to work for a minute or two.His senses had dulled slightly, but he had to soldier on for it was his job to watch after the city. He couldn’t take a day of rest, even if he desperately needed it. Though, it wasn’t the real reason why he was out tonight. He’d finally gained some ground after pouring over the research his parents had been doing, and he was going to try to hunt down that lead tonight.“Stay back!” His ears picked up the faint outcry, and he had to strain to figure out which direction it was coming from before he tore after the sound of the man’s voice, heart racing, knowing this was around the area his investigation led him. He heard before he saw the other, and it didn’t take a genius to narrow down who the hell it was. His brain sighed in exasperation.“Well, nobody specified ‘in one piece’ on your death certificate,” the other said, and Peter could see the silver of the blades in the faint light drifting into the darkened alley.“Dea’ool!” Peter shouted, and he groaned as he heard how he sounded. The merc turned around, and the reply was barely concealed mirth.“Aw baby boy, you sure you want to tango right now? I’m almost finished here, go ahead and go back to bed.”“I ca’ le’ you do tha’,” Peter replied, sniffing harder, preparing to shoot webbing at the man. It was possible this man Deadpool cornered could tell him about his parents.“Sure you can. It’s easy. Walk away.” Deadpool’s voice was sweet, but it had a testy undertone. They had run into each other too many times not to get on each other’s nerves. With Peter in the business of saving people and Deadpool the equivalent to a gun for hire, getting in each other’s way seemed to be just part of life.One of the blades spun, and Peter let off a bit of web that missed its mark.There was a sickening plop followed by the sound of the body collapsing. Peter gritted his teeth and jumped down from his vantage point, angry at himself, angry that he had probably been cost his lead. Deadpool’s blades turned on him now.“You—”“Devilishly handsome man? I know. Told you, you should have gone home.” Peter growled at the his patronizing tone.“‘s my dob!” He shouted at him, running at him. Deadpool just side-stepped him.“Please, fighting a sick Spider-Man isn’t worth the effort,” he scoffed, sheathing the blades, and bending down to pick up the severed head. Peter recovered and managed to slam his fist into the other man’s shoulder.“Fuh—” Peter bit down on his lower lip, his knuckles throbbing from throwing that punch, but at least Deadpool dropped the head and gripped his shoulder for a second before he rotated his shoulder back into place and the cracks in his bones healed.“Fuck me, the arachnid can still punch. We didn’t expect that. Not at all.” Peter was taken off guard for a moment, straightening out of any fighting stance he had when Deadpool replied with his own punch.“Unngh,” Peter cried out, his eyes watering, his nose bleeding, and he felt it dribbling over his lips.“See—no match. Go home, Spidey.” He retrieved the head a second time, unamused by Peter’s stubbornness to fight. “Your mask is up, by the way,” he murmured, and Peter’s eyes opened wide despite his gushing nose. He fumbled, feeling the material just up over his nose, and his heart beat quickened as he forced it down. Deadpool didn’t stick around he noticed. He got what he came for, Peter thought bitterly, forcing himself out of the alleyway, going home.Maybe he did need to take some time off. He made stupid mistakes. If his mask hadn’t been on at all… He would have been so screwed.–“Peter Parker!”“I’m thorry Aun’ May.”“What did I tell you?” Her face had the distinct impression of wondering how Peter had gone out tonight, but she didn’t ask it. Even Peter was beginning to wonder when she’d find out his secret, hidden beneath street clothes he snuck from his bedroom before walking into the house through the front door. He had caught a glimpse of her checking his room and finding the empty bed.“Go thraight to my room,” he muttered, nose rendered useless by snot and blood. He really should have stayed home tonight. He’d worried Aunt May, and even Deadpool had gotten away with what he did. He would’ve gotten away with it anyway; a voice reminded him in the back of his head. All because you were too addled to handle him.“To go straight to—” Peter groaned, cutting Aunt May’s repetition of his words short. “Peter?”“‘m fine Aun’ May,” he dismissed her, and she cupped his face, looking at his n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacey

freeform: 
Awkward Conversations
Late Night Conversations
Mentions of Suicide
Hurt/Comfort
Grief/Mourning
Falling In Love
Denial of Feelings
Smut

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacey

