Work Text:
Mr. Stark is going to let him keep the suit. Mr. Stark believes in him, Iron Man believes in him.Peter collapses face-down on his bottom bunk and wonders if it’s actually possible to die of excitement. If it is, at least he’ll die happy.It’s because of this excitement that he doesn’t realize that he’s just collapsed onto his bottom bunk- the bottom bunk of a bunk bed he definitely didn’t have when he left- until about thirty full seconds after he’s face-planted into the mattress. He jumps up so quick he nearly brains himself on the top bunk and- yeah. That definitely wasn’t there, before.He looks around the room, taking stock of the changes he’d been too overcome by exhaustion and elation to register when he walked into the room.It’s not that it’s a lot- technically it’s only a few things, but they’re big things. His bed, his desk, the state of the art new laptop sitting on said desk, Peter’s pretty sure he’s never even seen it in stores, only recognizes the Stark Industries emblem laser engraved into the metal- did Tony make it just for him?!There’s a strange mixture of giddiness and vague guilt swirling together in his gut when he falls back onto his bunk, this time on his back. It’s making him feel a little ill until his eyes land on the poster- his poster- staring down at him from its place affixed to the bottom of the top bunk.Oh, god. Oh, god. Even when Peter isn’t even around, he still manages to embarrass himself.It hadn't even occurred to him that his Iron Man poster, which has been adorning the wall the bunk is now pressed against since he first moved in with May, is missing from its regular spot.For one, fleeting moment, Peter comforts himself with the knowledge that there’s no way Mr. Stark actually, physically had a hand in this. He’s a busy man, when would he have had the chance?Then he sees that the poster is now signed.
They’ve got to work on his story. This is what Mr. Stark tells him when he picks him up, three days after getting home from Berlin.If he’s going to keep doing what he’s doing, he’s going to need a believable alibi, and Tony is offering him one. He’s going to be officially employed as an intern, under a department that’s mostly made up so no one notices the fact that he’s never actually at work, and working mostly ‘on call’ outside of school hours.He’s also going to be paid- which, Peter does feel a little weird about that, considering he’s not actually doing any of the work, but Tony reminds him that he is doing work, just not the work detailed on paper.Besides, Tony explains, technically this will be a real internship. Peter is more than welcome- encouraged, even- to come down whenever he wants, not just to Stark Industries’ remaining New York HQ, but to the Avengers compound. Learn, work, pad his university applications. Whatever you want, Tony says, making a broad, sweeping gesture to indicate all the possibilities that might entail.He explains all of this over far too expensive food at a restaurant that doesn’t even list the prices on the menu. Between the knowledge that Tony is likely spending more on lunch than he has in his savings account, and everything he’s giving him, doing for him, Peter’s pretty sure his cheeks don’t cool through the entirety of the meal.
Peter seems to be under the impression that Tony is taking him home after lunch, he doesn’t bother to correct him. It’s more than worth the look of slow dawning confusion as they make their way uptown, instead. When they pull up outside the store- nothing too expensive, too bespoke just yet, but certainly more so than anything Peter has likely ever owned- the bewildered look of excitement that crosses his face is definitely a reward in itself.He tells him that no self-respecting Stark intern has holes in his jeans, and Peter flushes, delighted and just a little embarrassed as Tony instructs him to pick whatever he likes. A rarely felt, deep sense of satisfaction curls low in his stomach as Peter does just that, settling heavy in his gut like a stone, and Tony wants more. There’s just something about Peter- so genuinely pleased and appreciative of what Tony is doing for him, blown away and not at all expectant, he wants- needs to keep giving. Keep that look on his face.Or, more selfishly, keep that look for himself. From the excited way Peter flits around the store, babbling and spending just slightly too long pawing at the soft fabrics to be inconspicuous about the fact that he’s never been in a store like this before, Tony knows he’ll get to.
Peter doesn’t get to talk to Mr. Stark as often as he’d like to, relegated to sending messages through Happy, only ever getting to talk to Mr. Stark directly when the older man is the one to contact him. It’s selfish to want more of his time, he’s lucky he gets any at all, he knows that, but- but he can’t help it.Still, he knows- hopes, Mr. Stark is at least paying some kind of attention. Now and then something will show up, a gift related to something or other h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Sugar Daddy
Possessive Behavior
Cock Worship
First Time
Virginity Kink
painal

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

