Chapter 1: School Day
    




Chapter Text
“Sir.”
Tony woke to the sound of J.A.R.V.I.S's robotic and clinical voice. He struggled to open his eyes, but when he finally managed to do so, he glanced at his clock. 
4 o'clock in the morning. 
Damn, that was cruel. 
Perhaps he shouldn't have stayed this last to this nightclub, and above all, he shouldn't have gone to bed at 2 o'clock in the morning.
However, he met a charming Russian girl, and they spent a... good time. Well, probably not that good, considering the fact that Tony already forgot her name, but still. 
He pushed his face into his pillow with a groan, and he sighed gravely. His tired voice was muffled by the pillow when he muttered, “Let me guess, I'm in a joking mood... Nightmare?”
“Indeed, Sir.”
Immediately, Tony mustered the strength to kick the blanket off, and he stood up. He rubbed his eyes as he was walking blindly through the Stark Tower, towards the kid's bedroom. 
The more he was approaching Peter's bedroom, the more he was hearing the broken sobs and the terrified moans.
The playboy advanced faster, wanting to appease his son as quickly as possible. When he opened slowly the door, what he saw broke the beating heart in his chest nobody thought he had.
Still trapped in his violent and merciless nightmare, Peter was tossing and turning in his bed. His sweating face was twisted by fear and by an unbearable pain, as tears were running down his cheeks. 
Tony rushed towards the bed, sat on it, and he gently shook his adoptive son by the shoulder, trying to wake him up without scaring him more than he already was, “Come on, kid, wake up.”
Peter jolted awake, despite Tony's calm tone. His entire body started to shake, and the sight of his father made him relax the pressure brutally, and he burst into tears. 
Tony didn't even think.
He switched on the light, and wrapped his arms around his child's small body, pulling him close. The kid instinctively buried his face into his father's shoulder, feeling immediately safe in his strong arms.
“Shhh, it's OK, my little spider.” The playboy whispered gently in Peter's ear, trying to smooth him as he ran his fingers through the kid's hair and down his back. 
Peter managed to croak through his sobs, “I-I-I saw them... Uncle Ben, A-Aunt May-” He stopped himself when his high voice quivered. 
“I know.” Tony sighed sadly, as his jaw clenched. He perfectly knew the kid's nightmare. After all, it was always the same : A twisted version of Uncle Ben and Aunt May's death.
Tony kissed his forehead, “It was just a nightmare, Little Spider. You're safe, in the Stark Tower, your home. I'm right here.”
As his son was slowly calming down, snuggling up against Tony's chest, the latter waited a moment, and then he pulled away, and after having wiped off the kid's tears, he looked for his cuddly tow. 
When he found it, hidden under the bed, he took it and held it out to his kid, “Here. Take your ugly thing.”
And it was indeed ugly, for the billionaire: It was a black spider with at least ten eyes yellow-coloured and a big morbid smile. It was so worn that its spider legs were almost torn. However, it was the kid's favourite toy, so he couldn't throw it in the garbage. 
“Spider Boo!” Peter exclaimed with relief, taking it quickly to hug it. Then, he glanced at his father and frowned, “And it's not ugly...” 
A tiny smile crossed his face when he saw Tony raise an eyebrow, and the kid said, “It's more beautiful than you!”
Tony spread an hand over his chest in mock hurt, “Me, the famous Anthony Stark, elected the sexiest man alive that very year by the Insight Magazine, uglier than this lousy cuddly toy which has three spider legs ripped off?” 
Tony almost cried in victory when a bright smile lit up Peter's face, “Yes!”
The arms seller rolled his eyes, and he asked, “Are you feeling better?”
Peter sniffed, but he nodded honestly, “A little bit.”
“Then, you need to go back to sleep.”
“I'm scared.” The shaking kid's voice was so vulnerable and unsure that Tony sighed. It was understandable. 
Finally, he had an idea, and he pointed at ''Spider Boo'' in the child's arms, “Do you know what a spider does to defend itself, or when it's scared?”
“Nah.”
“It pretends to be dead.”
Peter blinked, his brown eyes still filled with tears shining with curiosity, “How do I do that?”
Tony winked, “Easy-peasy.” 
He raised a finger, “First, Daddy is God, so you listen to him.” 
When the kid nodded hastily, the playboy put an hand on Peter's chest and he forced him gently to lay down, as he arranged the covers of the bed upon him, “You lay down, and you close your eyes.” 
When his son obeyed, Tony carried on, “And you must stay in this position for a long, very long, time.”
Peter kept his eyes closed but he started to ask, “And how do th-”
However, he stopped when Tony put his index on his lips, “Be quiet, and don't move at all, until God says you can.”
“OK, Dad.” The kid answered, with a tiny smile. 
“Smart kid.” Tony whispered proudly, kissing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
homeless stephen
Homelessness
Parent Tony Stark
Kid Peter Parker
Peter is Tony's adoptive son
Pre-Iron Man 1
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Family
Fluff and Angst
Slow Burn
Younger Stephen
Action/Adventure
Father-Son Relationship
Mentor/Protégé
IronStrange
Re-Write of Iron Man 1
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Protective Tony Stark
Father Figures
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange Parenting Peter Parker | Supremefamily | Strange Family
Canon-Typical Violence
Banter

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

