Chapter 1: Peter Parker
    




Chapter Text

It was







 void
 
 








It was that disorienting, confusing, wet-cold that made the tips of your fingers feel thick and numb; slow and torpid. But somehow it was like he could feel every bone in his body ignited in sharp bites of fire. 




It was all at 11. 
 
 

It was a blind burning sleep paralysis where the cold needle arms of the monster climbed up his limbs, embedding and penetrating, into his skin. Scraping against his bones, nails digging against a chalkboar- 
 
He lunged up, raggedly coughing his lungs clear and gasping continuously for the breath he couldn't seem to catch. His hands clenched into fists against his chest.





Where is this? Why was he here? How...
 
 

He died. And when you die you aren't supposed to feel 

anything. 

All he could feel was 

everything

. 







Then he wasn't dead







And he remembered…
 
He remembered that It began as an extraordinarily good day.




He woke up that morning well rested, already prepared for the over hyped field trip to  MoMA. Aunt May packed him his favorite for lunch with an extra snack to share with Ned. With a hug, a shared 'i love you', and a kiss to his head from his aunt and he was out the door.
 
He found an awesome looking skateboard sticking out the dumpster, in near mint condition and all it needed was a new axle.
 
He caught his train just in time and made it to school before the 8 minute warning bell even rang!






    
Then he saw it 

or rather sensed it.




It was large and circular, just floating in the middle of New York like it belonged there. 




He should have stayed on that bus, on its way out of the city and to safety.
 
He watched as the people around him disappeared, tuned into ash or dust.

He watched as the star guy faded, along with his two teammates, disappearing so quickly they didn't even get a word in. He heard a voice talking, probably the wizard man, but he couldn't hear anything, he could only feel that gut feeling, echoing through him like his spidey sense but so much more painful; so much more fear than it should.

 

What was this?
 
This wasn't supposed to happen.

The avengers always won. 

 

It hurt, but not enough. It felt so 

foreign

, so incomprehensible.

 

He stumbled forward. His legs felt weak and heavy as if all the muscles in his leg turned into lead, weighing down his body by response.

 

He took another step

 

It was just another panic attack.
 
Just a panic attack.

Just a panic attack

Just-
 
But it wasn't right. 
 
This wasn't right. 
 
Something wasn't right. 
 
Mr. Stark knows how ro fix anything, he should know what to do. 

 

“Mr. Stark.” The man turned to him. 
 
he stumbled closer, the feeling sinking deeper.  “I don't feel so good”

 

“You're alright.”

 

He needs him to fix it. He didn't like it. He couldn't. “I- I don't know what's happening I don't unders-” he fumbled with his words, trying to process what was happening.
 
And it hit him.
 
He was going to die just like the rest of them.
 
His strength left him, he stumbled and fell into his mentor. He clutched at him in a blind desperation; of denial. He was terrified. He knew now that that feeling was how the fiber of his very being broke apart slowly. Painfully.

He wasn't ready to leave, he had so much he loved and he didn't want to go. He was scared, he understood what was happening, he didn't want it, he wanted everything to be okay. “I don't wanna go, Mr. Stark. I don't wanna go.” He burrowed in his neck. The desperate desire to let the adult fix everything; for him to fix it, he wanted him to help, to make it go away.
 
 

Yet when it came, all he could do was apologize before he fell, and turned into dust himself.
 
 





 
 
Was there anybody here?
 
 
 
He stood 
 
“Hello?!??”






It was nothing but void, his voice finding nothing to echo off of.
 
“

HELLO!!!

” His voice was dry and cracked, thin from the lack of moisture. 









He trudged forward walking slowly looking around to find somebody, calling out for someone, yelling until his voice hurt.
 
He walked on with the slight fear of being alone forever tugging at the back of his mind, but he couldn't let it grow, it had only been a few minutes.
 
 
 
He stopped calling after what felt like hours and instead wrapped his arm over the other, calling out occasionally as he began to lose hope. But he walked on.
 
 
 
His voice quickly grew tired and strained, so he kept his eyes out looking for any signs of life around, but it was all just red and orange. Eventually his eyes got tired of looking at the ever so bright and empty horizon. So, he listened.
 
He walked on
 
 






and on
 
 






and on
 
 






Talking every so softly with desperate cries to find someone.
 
 
 
“Somebody! Anybody!” he choked back his tears.
 
 
 
"Please."
 
 
 
He stopped.
 
 
 
There was no one for miles and miles. He was alone. He didn't want to be alone. He wanted to go back home, he didn't want to be Sp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & T'Challa
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Groot & Peter Quill

freeform: 
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fix-It
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Fluff
Soul Stone (Marvel)
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Poor Peter Parker
Protective T'Challa (Marvel)
Everyone Needs A Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Protective Bucky Barnes
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Awesome Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker Feels
Im sad about about i wouldn't change it
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hugs
Developing Friendships
Friendship
How Do I Tag
Irondad
spiderson
Poor Tony Stark
Crying
Smol bean peter
Protective Avengers
Im still sad
Protective Tony Stark
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Peter Parker Whump
Emotional Whump
i guess. idk
Peter Parker Gets a Hug
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Toothache
OW
Tragedy
you'll probably cry
Like He Really Needs It
Okay since theres aparently a character death
Forever Alone
but not really I guess
im tagging
uwu

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & T'Challa
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Groot & Peter Quill

