Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Clank clank.

‘‘Maybe…’’

Clank clank.

‘‘Maybe I should make him that cup-holder, after all...’’

Clank.

Tony places the wrench on the workbench, letting out a deep sigh and resting his head on his arms. He hadn’t even been tinkering, just tapping the tool on the table to the sound of the music.

‘‘Boss,’’ F.R.I.D.A.Y. calls out over the music after turning it down to make herself heard.

‘‘What?’’ His tone isn’t brusque or unkind, just disinterested. He is feeling kinda numb, if he’s being honest.

‘‘I would advise for you to take a nap since you have been refusing to sleep for the past fifty-eight hours.’’

Tony just hums nonchalantly, observing Dum-E who is wandering the lab.

‘‘Are you trying to tell me something, darling? Hm?’’

‘‘I just did, boss.’’

Tony snorts, closing his eyes and burying his face in his arms. He knows F.R.I.D.A.Y. is right but even though he has spent more than two days holed up in his lab, he hasn’t achieved one single thing. And he needs to create something.

In the last eleven months, Tony has already upgraded Rhodey’s leg braces (maybe three times or five but who is keeping track anyway); made upgrades to his own suits (for now the best one is the new repulsor that the armor will form around its own feet repulsors) and Rhodey’s; created three different types of arrows (which had been stupid. He doesn’t know shit about archery, what does he need the arrows for?) and two bows (just as stupid); five different electroshock weapons (really, he doesn’t need this stuff), neither one of them resembling weapons (one of them looks like a book); one Mjölnir, which consists only of a hammer that resembles Thor’s, weights a lot, and makes sounds that resemble the ones the real Mjölnir creates when wielded (ok, maybe he misses their God of Thunder a little bit and had to make a realistic toy of his favorite weapon); and one pair of (very comfy) stretchy pants.

All this has been done in the span of six months, more or less, and Tony is pretty sure he’s done more stuff but can’t remember all of it. After the stretchy pants, he had just… gone blank, for a lack of better words. He hadn’t really known what to do with himself except wander the empty mansion. Well, by that time he had been dealing with the fallout of the Sokovia Accords, with the government, the UN… Still is, actually. Things aren’t easy but he wasn’t expected rainbows and unicorns, not when he had to work with a bunch of assholes so the Avengers (is it okay to still call them that? Well, actually, who the fuck cares. They can keep the name, Tony doesn’t—can’t care when he has more important things to be concerned about) can come back, or at least stop being called ‘‘war criminals.’’ And when he says ‘‘assholes’’ he’s referring to the Avengers, too. They have been making things as difficult as all the other people involved in pardoning them. And by ‘‘they’’ he obviously means Steve.

‘‘Stubborn asshole,’’ Tony grumbles under his breath, his face still resting on his arms.

Well, maybe Barton has been as annoying as Steve with his assholery. But who cares? Not Tony, that’s for sure. Why would he care about them? It’s not like they are still his family. God, Tony feels like he’s gone through a divorce and Steve has gotten the custody of all the children. He still has Vision, even though he won’t stop brooding, not caring about using doors anymore or his own two feet, just levitating and phasing through the walls, scaring the living shit out of Tony every time. And it’s still a shock to hear J.A.R.V.I.S.’ voice coming out of someone’s mouth and knowing it’s not him. Yeah, he’s not over it, and how pathetic is that?

But better not to go down that road.

The thing is that Tony’s been holed in his lab for—

‘‘Fry, how long have I been down here?’’ he asks, turning his head to one side to make his words clear.

‘‘Sixty hours and eleven minutes.’’

Tony notices that he can’t hear any music coming out of the speakers and neither can he remember telling F.R.I.D.A.Y. to stop it.

‘‘Hum. That’s a lot.’’

‘‘Indeed. Would you like me to dim the lights so you can take a nap?’’

Sneaky girl, he thinks with a fond smile.

‘‘Nice try, hon, but I won’t be able to sleep, which you already know.’’

He gets up and stretched his arms, raising them over his head and standing on his toes. He sits back down when his back pops.

‘‘Would you consider eating something?’’ There is an edge to her voice.

‘‘I had a sandwich—’’

‘‘Sixty-three hours ago,’’ F.R.I.D.A.Y. interjects.

‘‘—and Dum-E’s bringing me a smoothie! Gosh, Fry, let me finish first. Okay, maybe he’s not... Dum-E. Dum-E, here.’’ Tony signals the bot to come but Dum-E just ends up bumping into a table and whirling in the opposite direction, letting out a high beep.

The bot continues to move aimlessly in the quietness of the lab, Tony tracking his movements and feeling the heaviness of F.R.I.D.A.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Eventual Gamora/Peter Quill/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric
there’s a lot of stevebucky tho
so this is for stucky shippers too
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
you know that post about Mantis touching Tony?
that's how it started
don't know what happened
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
actually everyone has issues
thanks marvel
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hurt Tony
Rare Relationships
Protective Vision (Marvel)
Angst
POV Multiple
Precious Peter Parker
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
No Bashing
Steve Rogers is a mother hen
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Smut
This wasn't planned
Porn with Feelings
so many feelings
Fluff and Smut
Threesome - F/M/M
Explicit only in chapter 20
come for the angst stay for the fluff
Irondad
oh look more stucky
Bearded Steve Rogers

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Eventual Gamora/Peter Quill/Tony Stark

