Work Text:
Peter swore up and down that the guy was legit and MJ needed an internship, so she ended up only slightly bullying her way into interning for Mr. Matthew Murdock, Attorney at Law that summer.And really, she was bestowing her grace upon him because Jesus. Christ. It was so much more work than it was worth.While everyone else at school had spent weeks searching for internships, MJ had been busy taking the PSAT and making posters to hold up for immigrant rights rallies. It kept her conscious clear but meant that all the tech internships had been filled by her less-than-competent peers by the time she could take her time to do the applications.She’d wanted to intern at a medical practice of some variety, but here she was with paralegal work.Principal Morita assured her that this was an opportunity to gain well-rounded experience. It was not a failure. Or a reflection on her (in)ability to even break into STEM fields.Principal Morita was a gentle, eternal optimist to his students, but MJ had it on good authority that he was fighting a vicious one-man war against the school board over funding for their arts program. She appreciated that kind of bull-headed tenacity, so she decided to trust him on this one.She decided not to hold the shittiness that was paralegal work against him.  Mr. Murdock was an incredible lawyer, but a disaster of a human being. Becky, his secretary and general handler, organized his schedule to a T and did not give a shit what he looked like or how he got to the office, as long as he got there on time.And by some miracle, he always came in on time.More often than not, he stumbled through the door looking like a mix between a guy on a bender and a car-crash victim. Of course, with a pressed suit and perfectly (well, except that one time) matching tie.When she taught MJ how to make invoices, Becky said that it wasn’t her job to babysit Mr. Murdock, it was her job to keep his schedule and she would be damned before he or anything else got in her way. She graciously allowed MJ the opportunity to gaze upon Mr. Murdock’s google calendar but barred her from touching it. It looked like Party City had recently had a confetti sale and Becky had bought their entire stock and shoved it through the computer monitor. His meetings had meetings.MJ thought that Mr. Murdock hired Becky precisely because his well-being came second to his schedule on her list of priorities.Mr. Murdock, for his part, followed Becky’s schedule as closely as he could. He even took the five minute coffee breaks scheduled at 10 and 2.He smiled a lot and ran into doors sometimes and MJ caught him sleeping at his desk a few times and she was worried.She asked Becky if this was normal and Becky asked her if he was sleeping for more than five minutes at a time so she could plan naps into the rest of his week.  It was MJ’s job to do paperwork with Becky because Mr. Murdock had a hard time writing. He preferred to type everything and when handed a pen for a signature, needed to be directed towards the appropriate space on a page. He would occasionally beg Becky for a stamp to be made. She refused him every time, citing that there wasn’t room in the budget.So MJ learned a lot about legal forms and how to fill them in. She learned a lot about the kinds of cases Mr. Murdock took on and she was a little impressed at how decent he was a for a white guy.Becky taught her how to greet clients and how to get their information into their database. She taught her how to do basic legal research and how to find more complicated research to throw at Mr. Murdock whenever he needed a little extra support.Mr. Murdock would occasionally guide a client to the door and wait a few moments after they left. Then he would present the case to MJ and Becky and ask what they thought about it. He seemed genuinely interested in their opinion and sometimes asked Becky to write notes for him, which he hoarded in his office.It was really cool when he did that. It was like she was actually allowed to have an impact on a case.  One thing she learned about Mr. Murdock was that he was very selective about the cases he picked. He’d escort people from his office towards the door and then snatch their registration file off of Becky’s desk and chuck it in the recycling with undue vehemence.He had a lot of recycling.There seemed to be no rhyme or reason to it. Becky said it wasn’t her problem. MJ wanted to know why Mr. Murdock took the Xiong’s case but not the Tucker’s, when they were basically about the same issue. She asked, and Mr. Murdock told her that he didn’t like people waving their money in his face.And that was the understatement of the year.Apparently, most lawyers did around 50 hours of pro bono work per year.Matthew Murdock’s caseload was split 50-50. If he kept that up for an entire year, he had to have spent around a thousand of his total working hours not getting paid. Which was insane.MJ asked Becky how they kept the lights on and Becky simply said th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
A tiny bit of Matt/Foggy

freeform: 
Interns & Internships
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
MJ didn't ask for any of this
Team Red

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
A tiny bit of Matt/Foggy

