Chapter 1: Thank God for 24hr Fast Food
    




Chapter Text
The Rogues had been back for 2 weeks. 2 weeks of avoiding them at every turn or being out of the tower altogether. Thank God that the Accords Council opted for the practically indestructible ankle monitors. And if they included that he, Rhodey, Carol, or Vision be with them outside the tower, which meant they were essentially stuck inside, no one thought to remind them. Viz had taken to being out most of the day, knowing a certain Witch would try to corner him again. Platypus and the good Captain Carol had their own place outside the tower, so there was only a slight chance he'd be the only person that might see them. But at 3 am, the chances dropped enough for him to brave the kitchen.
This morning, however, such luck was nowhere to be found. Sitting like a large bird on the counter was none other than fucking Barnes. As much as he had come to terms that Barnes was nothing more then the gun that killed his mother, the banner Rogers decided to throw their friendship for, it was still hard to see the taller brunette. Maybe if he ignored the ex-hydra agent, he could grab a snack in peace.
"Stark?"
great. Not even 2 seconds in could he pretend not to see him. "Yes? Did you need something?" even if it didn't show up most days, Tony knew how to be polite when the mood struck him. He wanted to shut this conversation down when he took a real look at Barnes. It was the first time he noticed the bags under Barnes' eyes, the cagey eyes and the nervous taps the metal digits made against the counter.
"Should I go? Sorry, I didn't think anyone would be here, I can just go..." Tony almost missed the nervous rambling before snapping back from his observations. "Wha- no no Barnes you don't have to go, I was just- you know what I'm going to go get Mickey-Ds, that should hold me over". He pivoted towards the elevator when he heard Barnes hop down from the counter. "What's Mickey-Ds?"
Thoughts of escape vanished as Tony snapped his head back.
The silence that followed that question was growing more awkward each second that Tony stared slack-jawed. He could have just left it there, Barnes fidgeting under his disbelieving look but Tony couldn't help it. "You don't know what Mcdonalds is? How does that happen? You have been all over the world by this point and you don't know Mcdonalds?" "I might have heard of it... but if it's food, I've never tried it. Hydra opted for nutritional packs than any food-food." Barnes muttered, clearly he hadn't meant to ask.
Well then. Tony couldn't just leave this alone. If nothing else he was a fixer at hear and this needed fixing. "Get your shoes, come one then".
If Barnes didn't come that wasn't on him, was it bad he was more worried if he did come?

The trip to America's favorite junk food chain was... enlightening. Was it bad how funny it was to walk into the 24hr burger joint? Tony in a grease-stained tank and jeans with the Winter Soldier in PJs and sandals.
Hell, the boy taking their order didn't know who they were until Tony used his card, that was fucking hilarious. The open shock on his face! That made up for the frown the kid made when Tony ordered one of everything on the menu. Barnes stood silently behind him, which he thought before today would put him on edge. But to be honest it was a little comforting to feel the heat radiating against his bare arms.
They made themselves comfortable in a corner booth before Tony began explaining the mountain of junk food in front of them. It took a few minutes, but Barnes started quietly munching on a few items and it just went from there. He found himself laughing as Barnes told him how much better this crappy food was from his hazy memories as a kid.
It was nice to talk over chicken nuggets and how sweet BBQ sauce was and the better-than-sex fries. By the time their plastic trays were nothing more then littered with a few fries and trash, it was well into mid-morning. The ride home was filled with comfortable silence as was when they pulled up into the garage. It wasn't until the elevator ride up, when reality came a knocking. Barnes was the first to break the quiet."I had a lot of fun, Stark." "Yeah... it was a nice night snack" Barnes smirked, "yeah sure, morning you mean. Listen, thank you for that. I needed to get out for a bit." Tony got that, sure. Whatever had the man up in the middle of the night, he didn't bring it up and Tony wouldn't either. A part of him wanted to fall into old habits of flirtations and tell Barnes they could do this again sometime. But really, this was Rogers best friend and that factoid was just hitting him now. "Do you think... Could we do this again?" Maybe Barnes had a quota to fill for shocking Tony today. It felt good to grin up at Barnes and reply a bit sing-song "Sure Buckaroo! Just let Friday know when and we'll figure it out!" Barnes had a quick frown before quietly muttering "Actually, can you call me James? Or Barnes is fine..." well that is s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Beta Read
Cute
Fluff
winteriron
Poorly written
I Am Sorry
should be writing my other fics but
mcdonalds
bad food
Junk Food - Freeform
Identity Issues
Jealousy
Jealous Steve Rogers
Not Steve Friendly
Not Rogue Avenger Friendly
Not Scarlet Witch Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
One-Sided Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Not A Fix-It
Clint Barton Redemption
scott Lang Redemption
Sam Wilson Redemption
Mind Control
Arcades
Happy Birthday

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

