Work Text:
Peter stared at himself in the mirror. The sunlight bouncing off the window across the street from his apartment in Queens was casting a strange orange glow against the cheap frame hanging from the back of his bedroom door. It back-lit him a little; a golden halo seemed to rim his hair.He turned to the side and examined his silhouette, brow furrowed. Then he ran a hand over his belly, over the tight abdominal muscles, and felt his throat constrict.“Wade...do I...? Am I...?” he started and faltered, not quite sure what to say.A shadow came across the orange light shining on the mirror as the larger, taller man stepped up behind him. Normally Wade would be in his Deadpool suit by now, and they'd be hitting the streets together on patrol. But things had been changing lately – changing quite a bit.“...Are you noticeable, is that what you want to know?” Wade murmured, placing his big hands on either of Peter's shoulders and looking at their reflections on the back of the door.Peter's throat tightened more. He reached up and pitched the bridge of his nose, trying to stopper the tears that were burning in his eyes. “Fuck,” he hissed. One salty drop ran down his thumb.“Hey, Peter, shhhh.” One of Wade's hands moved from Peter's shoulder to the underside of his chin. “It's going to be okay.”Peter let go of his nose and pushed Wade's hand away. Anger, frustration, fear, embarrassment...everything swelled up in his chest as he stepped closer to the mirror. “It's NOT going to be okay, Wade. I've been pretending this isn't real, that this is just a bad fucking dream, but...” He couldn't deny it now. The evidence was there in front of him, very slowly creeping up into his life. “I'm starting to show.”“Baby boy, you are barely showing. Honestly, people who don't know wouldn't even think about it. It looks like you ate recently.”Peter turned away from the mirror and looked at his partner. It had been more than three years since Wade Wilson, A.K.A. Deadpool, A.K.A. The Merc with a Mouth, had helped him through his first Omega heat. They'd been through a lot together, from catastrophic threats to the city, to Peter's hectic education, to drama with the Avengers. But nothing had derailed Peter's life quite like the event three months ago. Peter had gone into heat, Wade had come over, and they'd done everything as usual. Except...not everything was usual. The heat lasted only 36 hours – the shortest one Peter had ever had. And he'd been strangely horny throughout the rest of the month, too. Not quite the same as when he was in heat, but noticeably more interested in sex. He hadn't been too concerned until he started lubricating off-schedule, about a week earlier than he was supposed to go into heat. When he went off his Phase 2 heat regulators, but his heat didn't come, then he was alarmed.Wade had bought exactly 27 pregnancy tests. Peter drank about a gallon of water and did roughly half of them before he was convinced. This wasn't a joke. He was pregnant.There was no point in speculating about what had gone wrong, whether it was the condom breaking or leaking, or just some stray fluids getting where they weren't supposed to be, but Peter didn't blame Wade. He didn't blame him for knocking Peter up. What he did blame him for was that he didn't seem to understand how much it was going to fuck Peter's life over.“You don't get it!” Peter snapped suddenly. “You don't GET how this is going to ruin me! Wade, I'm in my junior year of college. I'm living paycheck to shitty paycheck. The only thing that keeps me going is that I'm Spider-Man. But I can't BE Spider-Man if I'm an obviously pregnant Omega, okay? Do you get that?” He broke off for a second before reaching over to his suit, which was flung over the back of his desk chair. He tore it off the chair and waved it in front of Wade's face. “This thing leaves nothing – NOTHING – to the imagination. I've been watching my own body for the last two months, hoping and praying that I get to go out on patrol another night, just another fucking night. And now, I know the end is coming. Because I can't fucking put this suit on if I'm showing!”Peter wasn't sure what pissed him off more, Wade's silence or the way that the man was looking at him with a pitying expression. “Fuck you, Wade.”“Petey, come on.”“No. Fuck. You.”“Peter – ”There was nothing in the world that Wade could say at the moment to make Peter feel better. He jabbed his middle finger at the mercenary's face, then turned his attention to his limp Spider-Man suit and stepped into it. It hung limply from his frame while he put it on, but the moment he punched the spider drone in his chest, the whole thing went skin-tight. And there – barely there, but still completely and utterly there – was the slight curve of his previously-flat belly. Wade was probably right, it just looked like he'd eaten or that he was standing with bad posture, perhaps, but it wasn't either of those things, and Peter couldn't forget that it wasn't.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
A/B/O
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Wade Wilson
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Pregnant Peter
BAMF Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

