Chapter 1: Wanda's Mission
    




Chapter Text
Chapter One: Wanda's Mission



 
It’s not fair.
 
Wanda clenches her hands around a mug of tea, barely feeling the heat against her permanently chilled fingers. Red flickers up and down her arms and she ignores that too. She stares at the TV, lips curled in a snarl as the muted news story continues to play.
 
Tony Stark smiles on the screen, the expression tired but genuine. He’s bulwarked from all sides by the Avengers - dirty, tired and smiling as they take a break from the clean up efforts. It’s one of many stills the news channels are all running -  Avengers Clean Up Sokovia! 
 
She hates it.
 
She hates that he’s smiling, that he’s stepping foot anywhere near her home after  what he did. She hates that Pietro is dead, her home is in ruins and he’s still breathing.
 
He’s a  monster. 
 
Worse than that, she hates the way the Avengers  forgive him  and say  she can’t be trusted.
 

 “I’m sorry, Wanda.” Steve says with a small, awkward smile. “It’s just gonna take some time, after...You know.”  He trails off with a little shrug and a vague motion towards his own head that she takes to mean her magic. 

 
Everything is his fault - her life is  ruined  because of Stark and it’s not fair. She knows the world would be better without him, she  knows  it in her bones but no one else seems to see it. Her parents would still be alive,  Pietro would still be alive.
 
She thinks of nights spent huddled with her brother, desperately sharing what little warmth and comfort they had. She thinks of pain as the experiments ripped into her mind, pieces torn out and something alien stuffed back in. She thinks of the coiling, seething mass of power that thrums inside her every day, pushing and pushing and pushing against her skin. And she wants him gone, this black mark on her life, this monster. 
 
“Murderer,” She hisses, eyes still trained on the TV.
 
She looks back down at her hands, admires the sparks of red that sway sinuous patterns around her fingers. She has the power, she could do it. But the Avengers...They don’t trust her, but she likes them, thinks one day they could fill parts of the empty space inside where Pietro used to sit. Not all of it, never all of it - but some. With them, she could be happy.
 
So she can’t attack Stark without alienating them.
 
But maybe, maybe there was another option…
 
The team had watched  Terminator on movie night and while Wanda hadn’t paid the movie too much attention, the concept...The concept sticks with her now. She clenches and relaxes her hands, feels the power rise swift and eager inside her. Yes, she could do that.
 
Wanda hurries to her room, leaving the TV running in her excitement. Hurriedly she puts on her gear - the red leather makes her feel dangerous, indestructible. She straps a knife to her leg, a gift from Natasha; she knows she’s more of a weapon by herself than the blade will ever make her, but she’s not sure how much the travel will exhaust her. She might have to do it manually - it should bother her more than it does, how little the thought concerns her.
 
Wanda creeps outside, snaps at Stark’s artificial watchdog when it asks where she’s going. She walks to the edge of the Compound’s grounds - she doesn’t want witnesses to this, in case something goes wrong. She takes a deep breath and pictures Stark. His face causes rage to burn in her stomach, but she doesn’t let it distract her now. In her mind’s eye she peels away the years, reaching for a Stark who hasn’t hurt anyone, who hasn’t ruined anyone’s life.
 
She has to go far until it feels right, much farther that she’d thought - even as a teenager, Stark was a  monster. Finally she thinks she has the right image in her head and she wants to crow with glee, seeing him so small and helpless. Yes, this is right.
 
Wanda reaches out for that thought with both hands, pours all of her power into it and  pulls. There’s a shriek, like nails on a chalkboard, and a jagged red tear opens in the air in front of her. On the other side she can see a mansion, tall and imposing.
 
Wanda smiles and steps through.
 



 
The Witch is up to something.
Bucky pauses in the hallway, his quest to the kitchen for a cup of hot chocolate forgotten. She’s standing in the middle of the living area, fists clenched as red swirls travel up and down her arms. The sight of her power makes Bucky twitch and he can feel the pressure of Winter’s attention - Winter  hates the witch.
 
 HYDRA bitch   . 
 
Winter whispers and Bucky twitches again. He hates to agree with anything Winter has to say, but Wanda makes the hair on the back of his neck stand up. There’s something a little...unhinged in her eyes; she’s a weapon with the safety off and Bucky knows all about weapons. He melts back into the shadows, watches as she scowls at the TV for a long time. If he leans a little to the side, he can just make out what’s got her so riled up.
 
Stark, of course.
 
He sees it the moment she comes to some
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky Barnes/Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Kid Fic
Kid Tony Stark
Dimension Travel
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Team as Family
Domestic Avengers
Fluff
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Humor
Angst and Humor
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Parent Bucky Barnes
Parent Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Protective Avengers
Winter as a separate personality
winter is his own person
Salty Winter Soldier
Author doesn't care about canon because neither does MCU
in which the author butchers canon
for her own convenience
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers is a bit of a dumbass
But he's trying
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Natasha and Tony: BROTP

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky Barnes/Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Winter Soldier/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Stark Robots
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

