Chapter 1: Darcy vs. SHIELD
    




Chapter Text
SHIELD showed up two weeks after Jane left for Norway.  A handful of agents waltzed into the dealership and began unplugging equipment.  Darcy was on her feet and yelling in seconds, only to be manhandled into a corner.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” she demanded of the agent looming over her as screens went black and data disappeared.
“Miss, we’re here to collect Dr. Foster’s equipment and research.  If you could just step aside so we can complete our task,” the congenial agent explained while holding Darcy firmly in place.
“You can’t just come in here and take our stuff.  We’ve been over this.  You guys agreed to let us be as long as Jane keeps you in the loop.  Hey- that’s mine!” Darcy objected, pulling away and rushing to grab her laptop out of the offending agent’s hands.
“Miss, we need all materials related to Dr. Foster’s research-”
“Yeah, well, this is my laptop,” Darcy said cutting the agent off.  “It doesn’t have her research on it.  It’s got my thesis on it so you can’t have it.  And you can’t take anything else until you explain what’s going on!” Darcy exclaimed, running to block an agent pushing the telescope toward the door. 
Calmly pulled out of the way by the first agent, Darcy could only watch as the telescope was pushed out the door, up a ramp and into a waiting truck where another agent wrapped it in blankets.
“We’re here to collect Dr. Foster’s research and take it to her,” the agent explained.  “If you could pack up your things, we can-”
“Where’s Jane?!” Darcy demanded as she turned from the room and focused on the agent before her. 
“Dr. Foster has been relocated to a secure location to continue her research-”
“Relocated? She’s not in Norway?” Darcy asked, worriedly.  “I need to talk to her.  There is no way she would have agreed to you coming in here and taking everything without talking to me first.”
“Miss, either step aside or I will need to use more force than I think this situation calls for,” the agent said in a detached but firm tone while using his height advantage to send his message home.  Darcy took a step back, intimidated despite feeling adamant that she was in the right. 
Dismay sped through Darcy as she watched the three other agents rapidly take the lab apart.  The threat that had been hanging over their heads was happening.  SHIELD was taking Jane’s research.  They had done it once before and there was nothing she could do to stop them from doing it again.   
Standing with her laptop clutched to her chest Darcy’s defensive posture slowly released in defeat.  She could do nothing as she watched agents pack away the gear they usually took in the van.  They ignored the kitchen area, her bedroom, and the actual office equipment, and the dealership quickly became a skeleton of the lab it once was.  One of the agents made a feint toward her desk but was waved off by the agent standing over her. Realizing she was still being held back, Darcy pulled away and went to stand warily next to her desk as she watched them destroy everything she had helped Jane build. 
The agent that had been guarding her began to shift through the papers on her desk saying, “We’ll need to go through everything you have to make sure all of Dr. Foster’s work is collected.  You won’t need it.”
“All of Jane’s work is on her desk and over there,” Darcy said, gesturing to the tables loaded down with materials.  “Everything here is mine.”  She watched as he thumbed through her notes on UN sanctions against North Korea and stiffened when she heard him snort disparagingly over them. 
“I’ll need to be sure,” the agent replied, pulling open one of her desk’s drawers.  Rifling through it he found folders filled with political science notes, papers from past semesters, and a print out of a rough draft.
“That’s my paper on the Cold War’s impact on global relations in the current geopolitical environment.  I highly doubt Jane is going to be needing that,” Darcy wryly observed. 
“So nothing here pertains to Dr. Foster’s research?” the agent asked, glancing up at her skeptically.
“No.  Like I said, it’s all over there,” Darcy responded derisively, gesturing toward the tables.  Her tone quickly changed to outrage as she watched an agent enter Jane’s trailer. “Hey, our research isn’t in Jane’s trailer.  Why are you going in there?” 
“We’ve been tasked with gathering all of Dr. Foster’s belongings.”
“So you’re just going to pack up her trailer and take it?”  Darcy doubted it could be that easy, but as she watched an agent hook the trailer up to an SUV, she began to see just how serious they were. 
“None of this really involves you,” the agent said, brushing off her concern.  “If you could just pack up your things so we can go?” he said, waving toward her room.
“So, I’m coming with you?” Darcy questioned doubtfully, knowing as she said it that was not the case and that he most likely meant she needed to leave as well.
“We’re only here to close down the facility
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Jane Foster

freeform: 
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis & Tony Stark
Darcy Lewis & Jane Foster

