Chapter 1: Oh Iron Boy
    




Chapter Text
Little's are known.
Or really they are biologically inclined to act like children or younger and need 'little time'. A law was stated that you needed to be tested by the age of 18 to see if you where a little, caregiver or baseline. The Avengers were no different.


Steve was a caregiver. 




Natasha was a baseline. 




Clint was a baseline with caregiver tendencies 




Bruce was a Baseline 




Bucky was a caregiver.




 Phil was a caregiver 


Hell Nick Fury was a caregiver
Tony? well...Tony never got tested. The man that came to classify him had taken one look at him, laughed and just said he was hungover so he wanted to get this over with. He'd barely done anything then left. Leaving Tony unclassified but not breaking the law as he'd tried to take the test. He'd lied saying he was a baseline for most of his life and dammit, that's what he'll be till the day he dies. Or so he thought.
Steve was the first to pick up on Tony's behaviour lately.
It had been a hell of a week, meeting after meeting with the board, arguments with Fury, 5 call outs for the Avengers. It had exhausted them all but Tony was taking the cake. He was staying up late and puttering back and forth between rooms. He couldn't sit still and when he did he was muttering to him self about random things and Steve swore he caught him sucking his thumb though Tony argued he was nibbling some skin off.
Natasha and Bucky soon followed this when they found wet sheets in the laundry when Clint had so 'kindly' chucked Bucky's phone and Natasha's spider bites down.
The rest weren't far behind and soon the whole group of Avengers were in Fury's office, Phil standing next to him as they talked.
"What is Tony's classification? He says baseline but lately he's been...." Steve wavers and Clint jumps in.
"He's been acting like he's between head spaces. He's 'nibbling' his thumb, wetting the bed, he almost cried yesterday when a board member snapped at him." Clint says seriously and Nick just breaths a deep long sigh. He took two seconds two type something into his laptop before groaning loudly.
"What is it?" Steve asks concerned.
"He never had an official test" Nick mutters turning to Phil. "How did we not know that Tony Stark was not given classification test?" He demanded and Phil shrugged.
"I'll get someone round to the tower tonight to get him tested. If he is a little...his care is going to need to fall to someone" He mutters and almost all of the caregivers on the team stepped forward.
"We can all look after him. We are his team and as much as he hates to admit it. His family" Bruce says seriously, a smile playing on his lips. "Trust us" The two men not apart of the team nodded and sent them away and that was when Tony's future had been set. If he was a little the Caregivers were going to get everything ready whilst the baselines watched over him.
******************
"Clint, get out" Tony groaned angrily as the man stood in the entrance of his lab.
"Come on Tones. You've been here all day and it's getting late, you need a break" Clint tried again and only got waved off by the man. With a heaving sigh he looked at the clock, the classification assessor would be here in twenty minutes and Tony wasn't leaving.
"Not going" He mutters and Clint rolled his eyes.
"Tony. You have to it's the law. You could be a caregiver, a baseline with those tenancies or little tendencies or a little." Clint tries and Tony just grunts angrily, going back to his work before Clint just groans. "J.A.R.V.I.S Shut down all work" He orders and Tony squeaks an angry huff.
"Hey!" He argues and Clint just shakes his head.
"Move. Now!" Clint orders and Tony just sulks, walking past him to the elevator. The test soon went underway.
*********************
When the assessor left the room the Avengers all gathered round to hear the news.
"Mr. Tony Stark is classified as a little. I put him in the age range of 1 to 2 years old maybe younger. The caregiver that will be looking after him will need to hand the forums in by next month" He says happily leaving the building. Steve and Bucky look at each other then Bruce. They had a plan of action and Bruce went in first.
"Hey Tones" He pauses seeing the man in front of him flinch away. "I know, your heads a little fuzzy and buzzy right now with the news and head space trying to get in but do you think you could talk to me?" He asks waiting for Tony to look him in the eyes.
"Don't do that Bruce" He bites fiercely and Bruce blinks in surprise. "Don't change the way you talk to me just because of what I am." He clenched his fists as frustrated tears sprang to his eyes. "Don't do it. Don't talk down to me now not when you talk to me so freely. Don't be like them" Bruce walked straight over and took one of Tony's hands.
"Ok OK, not talking down to you. Talking to you ok?" He says seriously. "So how do you feel?" He asks gently and Tony shook his head a little.
"I feel...I don't know Bruce. Like happy bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Sexual Age Play
Diapers
Tony Stark Cuddles
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Domestic Avengers
Spanking
Littles Are Known

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

