Work Text:
Companion piece to this post Hot Coffee Shop Guy AU~~~It starts, as does so many things in Bucky’s life, with  Steve.Or, more accurately, with Steve relentlessly badgering him.“Staying locked up in here’s not healthy for you Buck,” Steve tells him, face set in a familiar mulish expression.It’s the same expression that’s been a constant in Bucky’s life ever since he’d helped Steve pull himself out of that dumpster when they were seven.After much thought over a number of years Bucky’s pretty much come to the conclusion that Steve used to be an actual honey badger in a past life.They’re both small, vicious, and completely ready to throw down at any given point and time no matter how big their opponent is.It fits.“I’m  fine, Stevie,” Bucky groans, head pressed against the back of the couch and his right arm thrown across his eyes.“You’re not  fine, Buck,” Steve presses as he props his long fingered, paint spattered hands on his thin, bony hips and glares down at Bucky.Bucky doesn’t even have to look to know Steve’s glaring, it’s implied in his tone of voice.And his general personality when he’s not getting his way.“Fine  isn’t staying locked up in your apartment for weeks on end,” Steve keeps going even as he kicks out lightly with one booted foot.  “Feet down, you heathen,” he says as he knocks Bucky’s feet off of the coffee table Bucky’s  feet off of  Bucky’s  coffee table, in  Bucky’s own apartment.Like Steve isn’t the same little fuck who Bucky’s caught drinking  paint water  from a clearly labeled cup more than once.But no, that’s fine, that’s just an  artist’s forgetfulness.  That’s  charming.  But let Bucky put his feet on his own coffee table and suddenly he’s a  heathen.It’s just par for the course of Bucky’s life that he can’t even get any basic respect out of his best friend in his own home these days.“Stop acting like I don’t go places,” Bucky tells him.  “I go places all the time.”“Therapy and grocery shopping don’t count.”  Steve insists.“Bullshit,” Bucky grumbles, “they both fucking count.”“Buck,” Steve suddenly sounds sad, the little manipulative fuck.  “Come on, I’m worried about you.”“God  Stevie,  fine,” Bucky finally groans as he moves his arm and levels his best baleful stare in Steve’s direction.  “What do you want out of me now, huh?”“I want you to get up, take a shower, and get out of this apartment with me for a bit.”  Steve tells him mercilessly.“And go where?”  Bucky asks. “I’ve got one friend stateside and that’s your scrawny ass.  So where,  exactly, are you so determined to make me go?”“Don’t be like that,” Steve protests.  “You’ve got more friends than just me and you know it.  What about Clint and Natasha? Or Sam? Or even Thor and Loki?”“First of all,” Bucky raise a finger up, “Barton barely ranks as a human friend.  He’s more like Natasha’s really large pet. Second,” Bucky raises up another finger, “Natasha doesn’t have  friends.  She has marks and potential marks.  And enemies. Can’t forget those.”“You’re ridiculous,” Steve rolls his eyes, “What about Sam then huh?”“Wilson is your friend, not mine,” Bucky reminds him.  “And one of these days I’m gonna throw him off the bridge at the park just to see if he really can swim.”“You two are gonna end up getting arrested one of these days,” Steve points out.“Your point?”  Bucky asks because Steve’s right, Bucky knows he’s right.But the thing is, Bucky doesn't really  care.If he ends up getting arrested in the process of humiliating Wilson it will have been worth it.Plus Bucky can always just pull his dog tags out of his shirt, wave his prosthetic around, smile as sweetly as possible, and pretend to be confused.People get kind of tetchy about arresting one armed vets for some reason, although, to be fair, people, even cops, get squirrely about missing limbs in general.Bucky thinks it’s because they’re never sure, exactly, how they’re supposed to handcuff him.Either way it’s worked for him before and he’s sure it will again.“My  point, asshole,” Steve says, “is that you can’t keep acting like I’m the only person in your life.  Hell Loki and Thor have both invited you out pretty much every week this month and you keep saying no.”“You must actually  want me to get arrested if you want me sit through another one of Loki’s shitty French dramas or listen to Thor wax on about Jane,” Bucky points out.There’s a moment of silence.“Fair,” Steve agrees with a grimace.Because Loki really does have shit taste in movies.  Hell Bucky actually speaks French so he knows there’s better shit than the trash Loki keeps picking.  And if he has to listen to Thor go on about Jane anymore he’s either going to go insane or ask her to marry Thor himself.Neither of those two options sounds at all appealing.“Look,” Steve finally sighs, “just … just come to the shop with me.  Bring your laptop, sit down, have a drink or four or a muffin or whatever.  Just, get out of this apartment Buck. Cause I,  we, are all worried about you.  You haven’t been the same s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Cute
Meet-Cute
Declarations Of Love
Idiots in Love
Love at First Sight
Crush at First Sight
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
No Angst
Sweet
Not to be taken seriously
Pining
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

