Work Text:
The sky was tinged with a comforting mix of blue and purple and the wind was blowing pleasantly on Peter’s face as he sat cross-legged on the rooftop of a building, his Spider-Man mask half-lifted to expose only his mouth and nose to the cool temperature of the evening at Queens. He took in the sight of New York with a content sigh that was followed by a bite of his half-eaten sandwich, and the breeze blowing against his face had never felt more reassuring. He loved sitting at the highest buildings he could find and just watch the sun set at the end of a busy day. Usually, seeing the city lights sparkling to life and hearing the sounds of the people going around their business reinforced Peter’s feeling of having accomplished his duty. This, right there, was one of the things he loved the most about being Spider-Man: at the end of the day, people got to go home safely, live their lives safely, reencounter their relatives safely. If it was up to Peter, no one would have to endure the tragic loss of a loved one ever again.He often thought about Uncle Ben and what his opinion would be if he could see Peter at this point of his life. When he looked in the mirror, he barely recognized the scrawny, wimpy, glass-wearing boy he used to be before he was bitten by the spider, but when he looked upon himself, without taking his physical appearance into consideration, he could still find all the things that made him Peter Parker in the first place. He wasn’t prone to believe in fate, but he liked to believe that, if he had gained these powers, then it must be for a reason. He had told Mr. Stark once that having the ability of doing the things he did, but not doing them, was the same as being complacent with the bad things that happened. He still stood by that. He still felt like the pathetic kid that got locked up in lockers and was made fun of at school, but now, he was a pathetic kid that could lift a ton without breaking a sweat. If only his classmates knew about how often Peter saved their asses, maybe they wouldn’t tease him so much.But he didn’t really care about the teasing. Surely, his life would be a lot easier without it, but nothing was ever really easy for him ever since he became Spider-Man. He could still remember the day after the bite, how everything felt too sharp and intense and absolutely overwhelming. He remembered growing accustomed with his newfound abilities in a few hours, but he also remembered how unusually heightened his senses had been during the first weeks. It had been a nightmare, yes, but nothing could be as bad as the feeling of Uncle Ben’s blood sticking to his fingers and the echo of his father figure’s last words after he had died. With great powers come great responsibilities, and that was the motto Peter decided to adopt for the rest of his life. Maybe destiny wasn’t real, but he had been given these powers for a reason. And he wouldn’t remain indifferent to anybody else’s suffering as long as he could do something to help. That was the only way he could honor his uncle.God, if only he could talk to May about this. Ben’s death had taken a hard toll on Peter and May alike, but he couldn’t dare to imagine his aunt’s reaction should she learn of Peter’s responsibility regarding his uncle’s departure. Would she ever forgive Peter if she learned that he could have prevented what had happened? Would Peter ever forgive himself?Acknowledging his thoughts were heading towards a miserable path, Peter finished his sandwich and crumpled the napkin to form a little ball, holding it in his hand before standing up. The sun had already set, and now the sky was a dark shade of blue, almost black. He knew that the best he could do to atone for his mistakes was to always try his best to help people and keep them safe, because he had the power to do so when they hadn’t. This wouldn’t bring his uncle back, but it would at least help Peter sleep better at night.Speaking of sleep, Peter was exhausted. A whole day of studying and crime-fighting did that to a person, and a whole week of doing so made his tiredness ten times worse. Since Aunt May was out of town for the weekend, Peter hadn’t exactly been catching up with his sleeping schedule, getting home later than usual and spending more time as Spider-Man. May had only been gone for a day, and Peter had already managed to screw up his entire biological watch. He yawned, suddenly very eager to get home at once and sleep, now that everything seemed to be calmer around Queens. No burglars or criminals appeared to be around, and maybe he could finally get a little bit of rest before he returned to his routine on the following day.He was in the process of searching for a trashcan to dispose of his crumpled paper and get home when something very loud passed by the roof of the building, flying past Peter so fast that his spider-senses barely had the time to warn him of the danger and make him dodge out of the way. Peter rolled on the floor, confused 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Teen Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Worried Tony Stark
Awesome James "Rhodey" Rhodes
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Broken Bones
Sensory Overload
Fainting
Pain
Injury
Injury Recovery
Concussions
Bruises
Cooking
Bad Cooking
Anxiety
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Worry
Protectiveness
Protective Tony Stark
talking about feelings
Tony is emotionally constipated
dad! tony
Iron dad and Spider son
Iron Dad
spider son
Basically Peter is injured and in pain and Tony looks after him
and feels a lot of guilt and worry

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

