Chapter 1: So I guess this is happening
    




Chapter Text
Aliens, for all their nonsense, tended to be an inconvenience rather than a huge threat when they showed themselves to Peter. Sure, there were moments when things like Vulture would happen and it would be a big deal; and really, experiences like that should warrant an instant write off for any sane person with self-preservation. The description of 'normal', however, had never quite fit Peter, even before the bite.
Besides, Thor was an alien and he was super awesome. Peter wasn’t going to start questioning it now.
They seemed to be out to get Tony however, and as such it was getting harder to not want to second guess his logic as he dragged an unresponsive Iron Man suit through New York. The attacker (some sort of funky alien, wizard hybrid?) had come, decided he was in the wrong place and just… left. Which, in and of itself, Peter could kind of almost get. He made stupid mistakes, like, half the time he tried to do the right thing. The problem hadn't been until Tony made a snarky comment to it trying to distract it from Peter and the civilians. He had managed to dodge several spells, but all it ever really takes is one good enough hit.
The alien teleported out of the area shortly after, leaving Peter to leap and catch Tony before the suit could hit the ground. The suit itself was locking down and non-operational, which wasn't supposed to happen, but neither were alien wizards really.
“Mr. Stark, you okay?” He had asked, swinging the two of them onto a nearby roof. Radio silence from him was never a good thing. In all honesty, Tony was the only person Peter knew who might be capable of talking more than he was. “Earth to Mr. Stark? FRI, feel free to chime in here too.”
“The suit has shut down due to primitive internal operations, however it should be able to be restarted at the Tower. Friday appreciates your concern, but she says you may want to see this one for yourself.” Karen stated, her voice unusually curious.
“Primitive internal operations? What does that mean? You talk to Friday?” Peter asked, letting his nervous rambling combat the sinking feeling of the inevitable. He carefully webbed the suit so that it was attached to the tops of his feet and around his neck, hoping desperately that he would be able to swing with only one arm to use.
“It seems that the spell used makes the victim revert back to the original state it was created to be, or very close to that range. The mechanisms of the suit have begun to separate and return to raw materials, starting with the internal functions and working their way outwards. However, the armor's defense systems left the core units unharmed in this process.” Karen sounded almost concerned, although whether it was due to the spell or Peter’s web slinging he wasn’t sure.
“What does that mean for Mr. Stark then?”
“Friday’s monitors have been among the first of the sensors to disappear. Since the suit is designed to not be monitorable to outsiders, all of the monitoring I can do is external at the moment. Any data I am receiving is from Friday. We cannot tell what is happening with Mr. Stark at the moment. I am sorry, Peter.”
Peter hummed, landing momentarily on a roof. The thought of Tony being hurt was causing his heart rate to elevate. He wanted to freeze, but he could see the tower from here. He pushed himself harder, letting his panic turn into adrenaline. “You’re doing great Karen. I appreciate your help. And hey, at least Friday is working.” He breathed and it sounded close to normal, but with each passing moment he felt even more anxious. Instead, he tried to focus on the sounds the suit was making. He could hear a heartbeat and soft breathing if he tried hard enough.  “Tell Friday I appreciate her help too.”
Karen hummed in reply, an action she had picked up from Peter.
His feet landed hard on the metalic rooftop of the avengers tower moments later, and his knees buckled slightly. He paid it no mind however as he scampered into the building. The voice of Friday was almost painfully relieving.
“I can’t regain access to the suit, but you have the capability to open it. Would you like me to walk you through the instructions?”
Peter ripped off his mask and dissolved the webs used to keep the Iron Man suit stable during the pseudo flight. He lowered it to the ground with painstaking care. “Yes please.”
It was almost laughably simple. There were small indentations in the joints of the armor's knees and the elbows that allowed the arms and legs to be opened when pressed in the right intervals. With those taken, the chest and head indentations were exposed and removable in the same way. The troubling thing was that the arms of the suit didn’t hold Tony’s arms, and the legs didn’t hold his legs. At this point his breathing was too fast and shallow to do him much good.
“Friday? Where’s Tony? Why isn’t he in the suit?” He could hear the heartbeat stronger now, but there was nothing there.
“Take off the chest pl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Peter Parker
Fluff and Angst
Age Regression/De-Aging
Kid Fic
Kid Tony Stark
Tony's bots love him
Peter is literally the best
That moment when you want a fic so bad you actually write it
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter is a dork
But he's also super sweet
Cute
Fluff
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Precious Peter Parker
Sickfic
soft
Tags May Change
Angst with a Happy Ending
Baking
Panic Attacks
Nightmares
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Peter Parker is Trying His Best
Protective Tony Stark
Irondad
Cute Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Peter Parker is more observant than we give him credit for
Tony Stark is trying his best
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Cuddling & Snuggling
Character Study
Self-Esteem Issues
Peter and tony are both oblivious self-deprecating dorks but we love them anyway

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

