Work Text:
You were mainly joking when you asked if he’d dance with you to some of his records. It was a joke that you would have liked become real, but were worried he would flat out refuse. What you did know about Steve Rogers was that he was a gentleman, first, and second, he was just now getting comfortable with the modern world. The last thing you wanted to do was press your luck by inviting yourself to his house.But when his eyes lit up, you decided to make it a serious offer. And after dinner out, you went up to his apartment. It was nice, slightly sparce with books everywhere. It seemed hardly lived in, save for the tiny touches of old motorcycle posters and a well-kept record player.He gets his turntable set up while you toy with the hem of your shirt, avoiding the seat nearby out of nerves. The music starts and he extends his hands out to you, his smile warm and welcoming. There's no hesitation in taking them, and he pulls you in, not too close. The dance is simple, and you You inhale his scent deeply: pomade, a musk that reminds you of pine, and clean unscented soap. It makes your heart dance right along with your feet. He keeps a distance between your bodies as the songs go on, and you ache to close it. On the last song, you relax into his strong arms, and shyly turn your face upward to kiss him. He responds to you, splaying his palms against your back and delving into the kiss. He is a bit inexperienced, you can tell, but you don’t find it a turn-off.“You’re the first girl I’ve gotten this close to in a while.”“You poor thing. I don't know how that happened”, you whisper softly. You stroke his bottom lip as he, unintentionally, gives you puppy dog eyes. "You're a catch", you add with a grin. He is so pretty to you, his big eyes and soft, pink lips. He smiles down at you warmly, raising his eyebrows, charmed by you."You think so?"Steve strokes your hips with his fingertips, inquisitively watching your response. You smile and look away. Was this him asking for more? You feel the smile on your face turn from coy to devious. You chuckle anyway as you turn your gaze back to his."Absolutely."His hands go back to behaving, and you keep dancing.“I hope I’m doing alright,” he murmurs. His grin has turned firmly nervous, but sweet. You’re not sure if he means touching you, kissing you, or dancing with you. The vinyl record stops, you hear the needle move back into it’s default position.“You’ve been great.”“I’m just embarrassed.”You raise your eyebrows. There's nothing to be embarassed about, you think. He was a pretty solid dancer, and not a bad kisser.“Why’s that?”Steve sighs heavily.“I’m not very--experienced. At all. In any of--this. Dating you has been such an adventure--out of my element entirely. Thinking about it, reading--it's different than having you in my arms.”You kiss him again, gently, just a touch of your two lips together. He read? You hope he means just about modern women, and not about dating entirely. Or sex. The thought he might need it does cross your mind, but you shut it down quickly.You hesitated at first in asking, but it tumbles out of your mouth. "Are--are you a virgin?”“Yeah," he replies, a twinge of shame in his voice. "It’s not very Captain America of me, I know." He looks at his feet, and you stroke his jaw to reassure him.You frown at his closing off. You didn't feel differently about him. “Says who?”“Says the vets who ask how many women I’ve bedded, if anyone’s asked for me to wear the uniform while we make love, all the men and women who wanna take me home with them but think of me as--I don't know. A Boy Scout.”You stroke his cheek. He sounds annoyed, like he’s been waiting to lay that out to someone and you’re the first one to listen. You don't mind at all. In fact, you're glad. He sighs, and meets your eyes again.“I don’t think that way at all. That's all--ridiculous.”You kiss him gently, a bit deeper than before. He hums, seemingly content, and you press a kiss on his cheek. Before he can speak again, you make a trail of kisses down to his neck. You look up into his eyes, as if you're asking permission, and he bursts into a smile. You take that as 'I like it'.“You haven’t had much time to play the field, anyway.”He chuckles. “I’ve had a lot to clean up.”Your lips meet again and he moans, outright moans, and you graze your fingers across his arms. Kissing him now has a new spark that you hadn't had with your goodnight kisses in the past. You cup his face and he wraps his arms around you, his hands at the small of your back.“Would you like to--”, you ask.“Yes. I had been thinking about asking you but--yes. Definitely.""Really?""Yeah. I hope that's not--""No, not at all.""I don't wanna screw this up.""You won't, I promise."You get back into kissing his neck, and nip at his skin as it goes red with your teethmarks. Steve groans in response, and you worry you’re doing a bit too much to start.“Let me know if you want me to stop doing something”, you add."Yeah, but--I like t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Heterosexual Sex
Smut
Established Relationship
Self-Insert

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)

