Chapter 1: Geometry A Lesson by Tony Stark
    


Summary:

If you tell Peter Parker to do something, then he will not do it.If you tell Peter Parker to not do something, then he most certainly will.Conditional and Inverse Statements are really easy, so Tony doesn't get why Steve and Rhody don't get it.





Chapter Text

Chapter 1

The first time he woke up, it was in a dark room, and it smelled like antiseptic. 
 
He half remembered everything that went down since he fell asleep, but he couldn’t process or connect them. It was just knowledge that he couldn’t process fully right now. 
 
He could see blurry black silhouettes of furniture in the darkness but the only thing actually animated was the distantly consistent beeping of a heart monitor but he couldn’t see it. From whatever set him off, he could probably accurately guess that it was sometime in the middle of the night or early morning, and he was the only other person (or being in this case he’s met a lot of 

not

 humans the last time he was awake) in the room. This again was information he semi-processed but seemed unimportant right now. 
 
He was alone. By himself. He didn’t remember what exactly happened, just that he was tired. But he needed 

something

 to keep him from floating away, and he couldn’t help but reach out, desperate for anything to hold on to - something to ground him to make sure this all wasn’t a dream, or nightmare, or whatever his mind had created because it didn’t feel like the first two options. It felt like a daze, or an illusion, something 

not real

. His hand came to his little black cracked phone on the table and he brought it up to his face and turned it on, immediately recoiling at the light even if it was at its lowest brightness. 
 
So he was awake. Processing information better; not fully but better. He was alone and he was awake somewhere but he didn’t feel unsafe, he didn’t feel 

safe

 either though.
 
He slowly looked at the screen, cracked half lidded eyes squinting to semi-read the print. He couldn’t read it all the way, but he didn’t have to. He knew what they said.
 
His eyes watered and he three things finally processed fully:
 

Two Unread Messages.

 

One Missed Call.

 

No one next to him.

 
Peter let himself cry a bit before going back to sleep. 
 
OoOoO
 
‘

Avengers: Post War Clean Up’


 : ‘Avengers help DODC with post battle clean up. The, what people have now dubbed, ‘infinity war’, has left most of the world’s greatest cities in shambles. The dead have revived and medical evac has been sweeping every nation internationally...’

 
Defeating Thanos was like a breath of relief. 
 
Everyone who hadn’t died was safe, and there. The universe was just narrowly protected and the world was barely holding. Half the population still gone. But no more could die. It really couldn’t be any worse and at the time it couldn’t be any better. There was a moment of contentedness where everyone knew the world wasn’t safe but it felt safe. That was honestly enough and the sound of the infinity stones exploding was the most satisfying thing in the universe just about then. 
 
But once the soul stone was destroyed it seemed like everything came back at once. All the chaos and bad memories returned as the dust came back. But then the dust and ashes were working in reverse to menuvor and reshape the thought to be dead from their prisons of sleep. They were alive but unconscious. And there was a moment of disbelief as they were just 

holding

 the people who were cremated right before their eyes not but a few days ago. The people they didn't even have time to mourn.
 
Everything seemed to happen at once again. Medevacs (or what was left of them) were rushing to get reformed people to hospitals and beds and just 

anything

.
 
The fight was over now time to deal with the aftermath. None of them had time to breathe before taking their formerly dead allies back to the compound, and leaving them there with Banner and the princess of Wakanda to take care of their injuries. Everyone else helped with anything else they could. First aid, medical care, transportation, 

anything

.
 
That was 

hours

 ago, and no body had time to even say hi to or hug or just 

look

 at one another until this mess was cleaned up, or at least partially cleaned up. Anything to pretend this 

didn’t happen

. They all pretended that they didn’t see each other's tears as they worked, or that they could feel their hearts clenching in absolute remorse. Or that they were all thinking unspoken apologies.
 
They’d go back to the compound and wait for the people they thought they’d lost to be awake again in silence. And they’d all split off into weird sections that none of the rest of them would understand the relationship between, but they really didn’t know themselves and none of them really cared right now cause they were 

alive.

 But it did leave the loved ones who didn’t fight a bit worried.
 
They all barely ate and never slept. Barley rem
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhody" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Thor & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Rocket Raccoon
Groot & Peter Parker
Groot & Peter Parker & Shuri
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
tony stark is such a dad
he worry too much
Worried Tony Stark
Shuri and Peter are the new science bros
Friendship
Family
Team as Family
Peter knows other superheros
and fights with them
No one will tell me otherwise
Peter is a Little Shit
who can't follow orders
We love him anyway
Tony didn't sign up for this
Peter induced seizures
May is Dead
News
texts
Twitter
The vigilantes have a poll
Vigilantism
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Quill is a dad
T'Challa (Marvel) Is a Good Bro
Peters form a club
Peter Quill is a Good Bro
Peter squad
science squad
dad squad
Rebellious Teen squad
Peter and Groot are gaming bros
Tech Squad
Peter is helpful
hes also a hypocryte
Peter is A Good Child
Peter Parker is a Good Bro
Shuri is a Little Shit
Groot is a little Shit
can we just give everyone a hug
they all deserve hugs
Thor is a pure bean and smiles too much too
He wants everything to be okay
Peter Parker Protection Squad
Peter Parker Protection Squad fail
Tony is a proud dad
Ned Leeds is the best bro
Get a bro like him and your set
Venom-freeform
Ross is a jerk
IW spoliers
kind of
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Kidnapping
Human Experimentation
Torture
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Confusion
Misunderstandings
Arguments

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhody" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Thor & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Rocket Raccoon
Groot & Peter Parker
Groot & Peter Parker & Shuri
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

