Chapter 1: Old Memories to Defeat New Foes
    


Notes:






Chapter Text


The old man paced along the great halls after a tiring Council of the Twelve; he was deep in thought. There were three empty seats that needed to be given to worthy Aesir again: those that used to belong to Thor, Loki, and Frigga. The other two empty seats were not a great concern, but seeing Frigga’s, with the ceremonial mourning offers, had been heartbreaking. Knowing that she had been avenged did nothing to soothe him. The pain only increased as the old man remembered that during the fight and during the last farewell he had been …One of the einherjar called for Odin to inform him of a group of Dwarves revolting; the king of Asgard nodded and sent him away with orders to take some of the newest soldiers to the borders with him. However, the interruption had not been enough to take his thoughts away from his mother’s death.… He had been rotting in a cell, and he had been the one to send that damned Berserker her way. The old man sighed as he reached the long cobbled street next to the market docks without paying attention. He received bows and condolences wherever he went. Every corner of Asgard reminded him of Frigga. Every person in every corner remembered the kind queen.For that and for other reasons he despised every minute he had to spend in the golden realm, but things had to be done.He exited the walk, left behind the sailors, and reached the aviary through a solitary way of earth. The aviary was as big as the floating tower that stood proud and full of life just on the other side of the waterfalls. The aviary looked imposing as the tower, but nowhere as lively. The main cage was shapeless and made of a thousand different metals because simple gold could never contain the fire-feathered former inhabitant of the cage.The Dwarves had had to use their best materials time and again because the bird only stayed still and silent until the cage was constructed around him; until the last piece, the last rune, or the last spell was in place. As soon as it was finished, he proceeded to ruin all the hard work and laugh at their apparent incompetence. Then the blasted being shape-shifted to a vaguely humanoid form with opposable thumbs and crafted something new and wondrous out of the scraps. The being reveled in that destruction-creation cycle as much as he enjoyed annoying Odin's workers; however, he never stayed humanoid for long; he liked the bird shape better. He enjoyed flying too much to stay in any other shape.The king of Asgard reached the outside door of the aviary. The outer ring was unwisely made of wood, which had been scorched where the bird had perched too close to the bars. In the last years, the aviary had ended up being more of a bird mansion than a cage. The royal family and some members of the council had had open access to the place, hence the outer ring decorated as some of the richest houses of the Aesir.Odin had hated the situation with the bird. The Allfather tolerated him because he was wise in his own way, but the creature was also obnoxious and Odin always ended with a headache when he wanted advice from the thing. Thor, as a rule, avoided the rude bird that had talked back to him, a prince of gods, daring to say that Thor didn't fly with the hammer; that the golden prince was only dragged around and would never experience a real flight. Frigga had been enormously amused; she enjoyed the bird’s witty company regularly. Loki had never been sure if the bird was an enemy, a prisoner, or a guest. The young sorcerer knew more than anyone else in Asgard did and still, he didn't know much about the past of the creature. He knew, for example, that the fire creature must have been born or created in some part of Muspelheim, that the AllFather had never — in any of his long travels — seen such a creature; and that the being had been a present from the fae at a time before either of the princes were born and Odin needed to be appeased. Still, he didn't know the creature's name.The aviary was now empty and the bird’s elaborate creations rusted in the inner cage; after the bird had escaped, nobody had bothered to clear it. The old man’s steps on the wood of the outer ring made strange echoes that could have woken the dead. A voice carried through the empty labyrinth of twisted cages mended and re-forged together.“Could it be that I have a visitor, after all these years?”“Could be, old friend.” He called back, smiling to himself. He had hoped that Mimir was still there, had trusted that Mimir had been forgotten in the ruckus of the last years. Apparently, he had been right.The old man reached the place where the voice could be heard and parted the moth-eaten drapes to enter. The round room had several couches, piles of abandoned history books, and a pedestal carved, covered in runes. There was a magnificent glass lamp, now covered in dust, hanging from the high ceiling; there were two statues flanking the big picture win
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Liberal use of mythology
Phoenix - Freeform
Slow Burn
lots of references
Ásgarðr | Asgard (realm)
Odin!Loki
Miðgarðr | Midgard
Magic and Science
Not Human!Tony
Guest Stars
Agents of SHIELD
Janet Van Dyne - Freeform
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim
Álfheimr | Alfheim
Muspelheim
No Endgame Spoilers

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Loki/Tony Stark

