Chapter 1: One of these things? Doesn't belong.
    


Summary:

Growing a vagina.Maybe not the first thing a person expects when getting a recreated serum from the world's greatest supersoldier.It's not like there'd be a reason for it... right?



Notes:
Oops. I got distracted. I tend to do that. But what's adding one more fic to the pile of endless stucky fics I have in progress. The world could use more of them anyway.Unbeta'd. This one treads a couple fine lines. I don't like spoilers, so proceed with caution if you have to. Nothing really happens that Bucky isn't okay wtih. It just doesn't go quite as planned.Enjoy~.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
.oOo.
 
Of all the things Bucky expected to happen when they injected him with that isolated component, it definitely was not growing a vagina.
 
At this point, he was pretty sure it wasn't the serum that they isolated.
 

'We believe we have isolated the component that makes the serum from his blood! With this, as well as your own blessing from Zola, we believe it shall help you in your next encounter with him, you will likely be even stronger than him!'

 
So what the hell was this, some sort of weird side effect? Did that other fucker have one too? 'No, probably not...' Bucky certainly felt stronger but this was just... flat out weird. He still had his dick, and his balls, at least for now, and he was hoping they would stay. Maybe this was some sort of fluke and it would go away on its own.
 
It wasn't even fully formed and it didn't get that deep. But it had been... making itself more known over the past couple of days. When he slept for a week, after a week of mild abdominal cramping, he didn't think much of it. He just woke up with a seem in the skin there, but now...
 
Well, fuck. He'd ask about it next time he went to medical.
 
Of course, that was what he told himself last time...
 
Fuck it.
 
He had a mission to get to.
 
Only he wasn't looking forward to that either. That stupid Captain, the sample patient they happened to use to see if they could get the original serum? He'd been super weird lately and Bucky was more than sure he'd be there. He wouldn't stop sniffing, at least in Bucky's general direction. He'd stop and stare. And at one point he just made this blank face when Bucky was face to face with him. And he didn't wanna fight.
 
Bucky figured he should've suspected something the moment the Captain had been able to escape. They supersoldier proofed his cell, and while having waited till a full moon to make his move, all he left in the wake of his escape was broken path, metal, and some nasty carnage. Like a damn animal had been through there. Bucky was a little more than sure he'd heard the guy growl at him a couple times, but he always passed it off.
 
There's no way the Avengers would let a werewolf on their team, even if he was the world's first supersoldier.
 
Moreover, werewolves didn't fucking exist.
 
But Bucky felt like he was losing his mind.
 
.oOo.
 
Couple weeks passed and it was... well...
 
“I have a vagina.”
 
“I—... excuse me?”
 
“I. Have. A. Vagina.”
 
The doctor stared at him.
 
Bucky stood and dropped his pants, cupping and lifting his other equipment so the doctor could clearly see. And he wasn't gonna lie, it was a pretty nice vagina. Fully formed now. Soft lips that dipped just under his balls, which had spread a little bit, separating with skin that was a little more attached, kinda puffy looking, and much softer, but thankfully not any smaller. The little bead that formed in the middle of them he could guess was his clit. Oh, and he had definitely tested that. He was still a little wet from this morning so there was a slight glisten. All the hair was soft like animal fur. Come to think of it all his pubic hair was like animal fur now. Even the hair on his head seemed softer. And of course, it was a pretty pink, delicate color. It looked like a perfectly healthy, tight little virgin vagina. Matched the color of his nipples, which seemed to have grown over the past week too. He kinda wondered if that'd be a problem with the cold.
 
Bucky slapped the hand away. “Did I say you could touch?”
 
“I—... are you certain this wasn't there beforehand?”
 
Bucky stared and raised a brow. “Pretty fuckin' sure.”
 
“How?”
 
“You're askin' me? I'm in here for a reason, Doc. But if I had to guess? What the hell did you inject me with a couple weeks back?”
 
They immediately got to running tests. And as it turned out, Bucky didn't just have a vagina. He had a fully functioning, at least hypothetically, womb as well. And it was gloriously healthy though not quite standard for a human woman. Which he wasn't one... so...
 
And then they got all giddy and scientific.
 
“This is absolutely remarkable.”
 
They took samples, blood, tissue, wanted to take an egg cell and apparently, that got a growl from Bucky at them before he caught it.
 
Now they were staring at him expectantly with 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
James "Bucky" Barnes & Janet Van Dyne
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne

freeform: 
Werewolves
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mpreg
Intersex Bucky Barnes
So Wrong It's Right
Extremely Dubious Consent
Dubious Ethics
Nympho Bucky Barnes
Humor
Knotting
Bonding
Unsafe Sex
Use Your Words
Inappropriate Humor
Unplanned Pregnancy
Penis In Vagina Sex
There's A Tag For That
I Really like that Tag
I Solemnly Swear That I Am Up To No Good
I Don't Even Know
Claiming Bites
Protective Steve Rogers
Dubious Morality
Pregnant Bucky Barnes
Angst
Fluff
Kidnapping
Grumpy Bucky Barnes
Werewolf Steve Rogers
Werewolf Bucky Barnes
Deadpool being Deadpool
Steve Rogers is a Giant Puppy
Avenger Deadpool
The Author Regrets Nothing
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers Feels
Feels
Pack Feels
Mating Bond
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating
Mating Bites
Werewolf Bites
Oh My God
I Am Utter Shit
Omega Steve Rogers
Protectorate Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Pack Dynamics
Wolf Pack
Protective Pack
Pack Building
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Charles Always Says the Absolute Worst Thing He Could Possibly Say
BAMF Bucky Barnes
BAMFs
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Babies
Baby Werewolves
Charles Is a Big Dorkface
Erik Logic Is The Best Logic
BAMF Erik
BAMF Thor (Marvel)
BAMF Logan
BAMF Wade Wilson
BAMF Scott Summers
BAMF Marc Spector
Prophetic Visions
Prophetic Dreams
Prophecy
Werewolf Turning
Pack Cuddles
Puppy Piles
Pack Mom
Lack of Communication
Spoiled Brat Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Hormones
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Protective Natasha Romanov
Talking
Author Is Sleep Deprived
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Bucky Barnes is a little shit
Steve Can't Resist Him
Smut
Light Angst
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Steve Rogers Has a Giant Super Soldier Dick
And Bucky Needs It
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Pregnant Sex
Gentle Sex
Making Love
Reunion Sex
Domestic Fluff
Awkward Tension
Pancakes
Getting to Know Each Other
Adorable Tony Stark
Kid Tony Stark
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Family
Family Fluff
Russian Bucky Barnes
Birthday Cake
Douchebags being Douchebags
Love
Falling In Love
Idiots in Love
Pack Bonding
Pack Family
Baby Names
Baby Shower
Cute
Oblivious Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Birth
Medical Inaccuracies
Troll Bucky Barnes
Butt Plugs
Blow Jobs
Wake-Up Sex
Horny Bucky Barnes
Horniness
Lingerie
Birthday Smut
Lace Panties
Bucky Barnes in Lace Lingerie
Cock Worship
Cock Slut
Cockblocking
Food Porn
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Enemies to Lovers
Shower Sex
Happy Ending
Boypussy
Bucky Barnes has a vagina
bussy
Wall of Tags
Respect It
Good Peggy Carter
Audrey Hepburn Peggy Carter

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
James "Bucky" Barnes & Janet Van Dyne
Hank Pym/Janet Van Dyne

