Work Text:
                Steve wakes up in a warm room. Some part of him is grateful for that, but most of him knows it’s wrong. You belong somewhere cold, he thinks, which is an odd sort of reflection to have, after waking up in a hospital bed.                 But the nurse isn’t dressed right. And her hands shake, when she gets close.                And the game on the radio is years out of date.                Steve thinks about Bucky, laid out on a table, repeating his serial number with his eyes open and nothing behind them. He panics, a little. Or he gets angry. It’s always been hard to tell the difference.                He makes it all the way up to the street, where everything is too loud and too flashy, lit up a thousand different colors, and he’s about to do something stupid, cause a real disturbance for all these nice people in their weirdly-cut clothes, when he hears Bucky, yelling his name.                Steve turns so fast he nearly knocks a street sign flying. There he is. Bucky. Stepping cautiously out of the hole Steve made in the side of a building.                “Hey,” Bucky says, hands held out and up, like he’s trying to calm Steve down, like they’re twelve years old and Charlie Vaughn just called Dottie Willcox a cox-sucker again. “Hey, Steve, you gotta calm down, pal. You’re scaring people.”                “Buck?” Steve stares, struck still by the sight of him. He wonders, ludicrously, if this is some kind of heaven. If, somehow, despite everything, he was still good enough to go to the same place as Bucky Barnes.                He lost him twice, and now he gets him a third time? What kind of odds are those?                “Bucky?” He takes a small step forward, still incredulous, hoping so hard it hurts in his chest.                Another man comes jogging up behind Bucky, and Steve thinks for a second that it’s Howard, but then his features resolve into something rounder, a little less sharp-edged. Steve turns to face him, hands curling into fists, and Bucky steps neatly between them.                “Stevie,” he says, warningly, “nobody here wants a fight.”                Over Bucky’s shoulder, Steve can see the man that isn’t Howard doing something strange with his wristwatch. Behind them, there are agents of some kind, filtering in around the civilians, and Steve can feel himself being surrounded, but, with Bucky standing there, right in front of him, looking concerned but not worried, he finds he doesn’t care all that much.                “Buck,” Steve says, dropping his hands. “What happened to your hair?” - - -                 Steve ends up, somehow, at a tower in New York. He couldn’t explain the process, if asked. He remembers looking up, staring at the Howard lookalike through a car window, watching while he blew kisses at scowling, uniformed agents and said, “Cheer up, buttercups. I let you sit ringside for the resurrection, but you don’t get to host the after party. Last time I turned in one of my guests, he almost got assassinated in your care. This one’s coming home with us.”                And then he remembers looking out at the city, heart hammering faster and faster in his chest as he searches for a single damn thing he recognized.                And then he remembers Bucky, sliding a hand over Steve’s eyes, another around the back of his neck, tugging him in against his shoulder, and saying, “Pal, do me a favor? Take a deep breath, and don’t throw up on my shoes.”                And now he’s settling heavily onto a couch, Bucky beside him, and staring down at this hands while his brain catches and whirrs in his head. “Buck,” he says, softly, “I had a date.”                “With Peggy?” Bucky asks. “Christ, Stevie.” There’s a brief pause. Steve can see Bucky’s mouth tugging down at the corners, and then Bucky lifts his head. “Hey, Stark,” he says, “can you--”                “Yeah,” not-Howard says, nodding. “I’ve got you, Barnes.”                “Who is that?” Steve says, quietly, half out of the side of his mouth, while he watches the man walk across the room to a stocked bar and busy himself pouring.                “That,” Bucky says, “is Iron Man.”                Steve blinks at him, because he doesn’t know what the hell an Iron Man is, but this man looks like he’s made of skin and blood and bone like the rest of them. “He’s a what?”                Bucky snorts. “Yeah, okay,” he says, “but that’s gonna impress the hell out of you in about twenty-four hours.”                “Give me twelve,” the man calls from the bar. He’s loading drinks on a tray. Steve can’t figure out what the hell is going on.                “Showoff,” Bucky accuses, fondly.                “You’d know,” not-Howard returns, immediately. He looks up, smirking across the room, and he looks so much like Howard, in that moment, that Steve has to bite deep into his lip to keep from calling out to him.                He’s in the future, somehow. He’s worked out that much. And Bucky’s still here
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Alternate Timelines
Alternate Universe - Different First Meeting
Misunderstandings
Assumptions
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton

