Work Text:
He looks around the once again busy Hong Kong street, the destruction and looming apocalypse nothing but a distant memory.What is even Stephen’s life right now?Few months ago he thought his everything was pretty much over, lost in each spin of the car, in every failed surgery, in every tremor of his ruined hands.Then the Ancient One punched his desperate soul through a couple thousands of dimensions and here he is now, recently cast out of the Dark Dimension after dying thousands of times and eventually striking a successful bargain with Dormammu to protect Earth from its sleazy demon fingers.Kaecilius and his lot gone, Dormammu gone…the Ancient One gone. His life as a neurosurgeon gone.He is a Master of the Mystic arts now.Or this had all been some alcohol and drugs induced hallucination and he’s actually laying on the floor of his empty apartment in New York, still just a hopeless, broken man.“We did it,” Wong breathes out.“Yes. Yes we did it,” Mordo repeats, with a lot less enthusiasm – not that Wong was showing any. “By also violating the natural law.”Disappointment. That’s what he hears.“Look around you…it’s over,” he tries persuading him.“You still think there will be no consequences, Strange? No price to pay? We broke our rules…just like her. The bill. Comes. Due. Always,” Mordo hisses. “A reckoning. I will follow this path no longer,” he adds, staring at them in determination for a while before turning around and melting into the crowd.Another teacher abandons him.He glances at Wong, afraid he might take off as well, leaving him alone to deal with this…new life. But he just shrugs, nodding towards the Sanctum.“Let’s go.”Stephen returns the nod and follows him, letting the Cloak dust off his robes on the way before straightening itself on his frame…a comforting weight.They don’t make it far before a whirring sounds splits through the roaring street, catching the attention of most – if not all of the shoppers, shop owners and passersby. He looks up just in time to see a hovering form of the Iron Man armor near the spot where the rift to the Dark Dimension had been moments ago above the Sanctum.What in the…The armor looks around some more and then descends, landing slowly in front of them.“Anybody wanna explain what the hell happened in here?!” a distorted voice asks the stunned civilians, the steely emotionless gaze of the Iron Man helmet zeroing in on him and Wong. “You two look like you might…what are you, Tolkien cosplayers?”Stephen finds his brain unable to communicate a single sentence to his tongue so he just stands there, staring at a tin can full of a man he once met…well, twice. The first time hardly counts, he didn’t even recognize Stark.The tables seemed to have turned. Not that he could blame him for not recognizing Stephen…he doesn’t even recognize himself lately. And why would Stark bother remembering the asshole doctor who never called.“Mr. Stark. Everything is back in order now. Nothing to see here,” Wong does the answering, making Stephen turn to him with a frown. He was expecting Wong to be rude…as usual. Maybe even portal the armor out of the way to Antarctica or somewhere, but nope. He is being polite.  “I’ll be the judge of that,” he replies, the faceplate sliding off to reveal one very unamused face of Tony Stark beneath it. “Nothing to see here…there was a lot to see here not ten minutes ago! And now there’s a big nothing to see…care to explain that Master Shifu?” he talks to Wong, ignoring Stephen altogether.Not that he minds in his current state of speechlessness.“The situation had been handled by the Order of the Mystic Arts, Mr. Stark. You can return back to New York now,” Wong waves him off, his savage side finally showing a little bit.Good. He was worried for a second that Wong enjoyed being an ass just to him. Then again, Wong probably shouldn’t want to start anything with Stark, because…“I don’t care if it was handled by the Order of the Phoenix or the Death Eaters, you better explain why there was a gigantic hole in space in the middle of Hong Kong and now it’s gone!”“It’s Order of the Mystic Arts, douchebag!” Stephen snaps back into action before Stark gets to verbally destroy his new friend.“Oh I’m sorry, did I fucking stut - ” he moves his glare to Stephen only to pause. He shakes his head, does a quick once over and widens his eyes a little.“Stutter? Now you did. Anyway, as Wong was saying and as you have confirmed yourself, there is nothing to see here anymore and therefore doesn’t need further scrutiny from the Avengers, us or the Death Eaters.”He smirks at the gaping superhero and nudges Wong with his elbow, resuming their walk towards the Sanctum.Stark however reboots just as fast as he did and blocks their part, finger raised in a stopping gesture. “Thank you for your input, asshole, but I wasn’t talking to you,” he turns to Wong, but his gaze flickers back to Stephen. “I suspected you’d be into some kinky role-play stuff, but this medieval get-up is 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Doctor Strange (2016)
Missing Scene
Hurt Stephen Strange
Canon Injury
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Stephen does too
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Wong is a low-key Tony fanboi
Angst
Supreme Snarks
Stephen & Wong broship
Mild Language
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

