Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Fury       
  
        S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Fury looked over the shockingly small file in his hand. It contained a single sheet of paper stamped classified in bright red ink.
 

 
 
Case Number: 632056
Subject: Perseus Jackson
DOB: August 18, 1993
Age: 18
Family:
Mother: Sally Blofis nee Jackson
Author
Father: Unknown
Lost at Sea; Missing Presumed Dead
Stepfather: Gabe Ugliano
Missing Presumed Dead
Stepfather: Paul Blofis
High School English Teacher
Physical Description:
Height: 6'4'
Hair Color: Black
Eye Color: Green
Notes: Suspected Terrorist Activities
Expelled from 7 schools
Caused his class to fall into a shark tank at SeaWorld
Blew up school bus with civil war cannon
Was present during multiple explosions at different schools
Seen near a bus explosion in New Jersey
Seen near St Louis Arch explosion
Went missing for nine months
Vanishes every summer; only scattered reports of sightings all around the country
Seen in the vicinity of several terrorist attacks in and around Europe over the past summer
Suspected of kidnapping mother and taking her cross country at age 12; later confirmed he was one of the hostages. Escaped along with two other minors of the same age after a shootout in California. Kidnapper still at large.
 

 
 
         Fury rubbed his temples. He had nothing more than rumors and shadows regarding the young man's life. He looked at the blurry photographs they had managed to obtain. Most of the images were too damaged or blurry to even be certain it was Perseus. The most recent, clear photo they have of him was taken from a middle school yearbook.
        For someone to be so effectively hidden from S.H.I.E.L.D. while being near so many near disasters was clearly a threat. This kid had also somehow evaded both surveillance and capture for the past two weeks. Three separate S.H.I.E.L.D. response teams have failed in tracking him down. He vanished every summer and turned up all over the country just as various disasters occurred. It was time to deal with the threat. He pressed the intercom on his desk.
         "Agent Hill. Call the Avengers."
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Nico di Angelo & Thalia Grace & Percy Jackson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Camp Half-Blood (Percy Jackson)
Crossover
Light Angst
Post-The Heroes of Olympus
Avengers Family
Prophecy
Alternate Universe
Demigods
canon pairings - Freeform

fandom: 
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson
Nico di Angelo & Thalia Grace & Percy Jackson
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov

