Chapter 1: Never gonna give youuuu uppp never gonna let you doooown
    


Notes:
Alright guys here's the deal. I am completely new to spideypool fic writing AND AO3 and have absolutely no clue what I'm doing, so please stay with me through this learning process lol. I wasn't able to figure out how to use the Import button with Wattpad, so I'm actually copy-pasting everything and then going back through to manually add in the italics (not fun T_T) so if something seems like it should have italics it probably should. That's also why there's some unprofessional AO3 writing going on in this fic, such as this being a Note, and then after this, there's another note thing, but eh, learning process amirite? Although on my Wattpad account I will let you know that I've posted up to Chapter 9 (uh I think?) on there, so if you end up liking the book and want to read ahead of the AO3 version my WP user is Falling_Snow, hmu ;). But yeah, other than that, most the actual notey note stuff is in chapter 2, so stick around and that'll be next. Carry on fictional travellers X3




Chapter Text
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc2u6AFImn8
^Secret-great-song-you-werent-actually-expecting of the day. (don't ask why these became a thing. It just sort of happened when Wattpad kept deleting my stuff. ((not all the songs will be memes i promise)) -I'll probably also add multiples in some chapters because I'm musically everywhere, although the first link will always be what the chapter title was based on.) just an fyi this is a thing i apparently stuck with till the end of the book, so this is the youtube playlist with all the songs for the chapters: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMyHMjdUnelnBuv8JWXy-UqwPipk2WEne
(Yellow)
[White]

Wade/Peters thoughts

---------
"I'm just saying Peter, this guy is potentially really dangerous."
"And I'm saying that if he is then I should make sure he doesn't do anything, y'know, illegal." Peter fired back in mild annoyance, trying to keep his voice low in case MJ overheard.
"Peter I'm being serious, this guy is bad news, and if he's in New York then you should just leave him alone, or call Mr. Stark or something." Ned insisted again, sounding more distressed this time.
It wasn't like Peter wasn't aware of the dangers of going to talk to Deadpool. He knew the mercenary was crazy and violent from what Ned had been able to dig up about him, but he also wanted to lay out some ground rules if Deadpool was going to be crashing in Peter's city. And no killing was on the very top of that list.
If Deadpool didn't respect that then Peter had already started brainstorming ideas on how to fight against someone with expertise in the katana-style of fighting and regenerative powers.
"If things go south then I promise you I'll call Mr. Stark, but until I meet this guy personally I don't want to cause anybody any inconvenience." Peter said earnestly, knowing Ned wasn't going to cut him any slack with this one. He was turning 18 soon and the last thing he wanted was for Tony to keep calling him 'kid' and not involving him with anything even remotely dangerous.
Deadpool could maybe be one of those stepping stones to the big kids' table if he played his cards right.
"Just promise me you'll call me at least if you get hospitalised or something. This guy is no joke."
Peter stealthily changed the topic to Star Wars as MJ stepped back into the room holding a huge bowl of popcorn.
The three of them were supposed to getting some of their summer homework done, but after discovering that Ned was the only one who hadn't actually done the homework yet, they had pretty much breezed through studying and decided they could afford to take a break and watch a movie for the rest of the 'study session.'
Although, he was having trouble focusing on just watching the movie and enjoying time with his friends when the same thoughts started rushing through his head. 
What would he say to the infamous Deadpool?
It wasn't like he could just walk up to the guy and demand he stop killing people. That would probably not work very well. Should he ask politely? Would a person like Deadpool respond to asking nicely? Or would more.. violent actions need to be taken..?
Peter wasn't exactly fond of the whole violent actions part. This guy had been killing people probably before Peter was even born, which- not going to lie- that scared Peter a little bit.
He'd webbed plenty of people who might've killed somebody before, but nobody as experienced as Deadpool probably was.
Ned had pretty much given him a miniature life summary of the "Merc with the Mouth" this morning and he'd mostly just gotten that Deadpool was insane and a murderer, two things that Peter couldn't and hopefully would never have to relate too.
He also knew that this guy had to be in New-York City for a reason, and that reason was most likely to kill someone. Which Peter wasn't ever going to let happen. He was not a fan of murder, no matter how trigger-happy Karen was.
Peter idly 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

freeform: 
I dont have any idea how to tag things
Phillip from Greatest Showman is here for some reason
Peter Needs a Hug
Some angst
Mostly Fluff
extreme fluff
Domestic Fluff
Ned Peter and MJ are the magic trio
Nerdy!Peter
some canon divergence
Canon divergence as in May doesn't know he's spider-man
Whats an infinity war?
Infinity War never happened
peter IS NOT underage
Peter is 18
Wade is like 25 or something
Seriously i dont know how to tag things

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson

