Chapter 1: Torn Down
    


Summary:

"Peter was wide awake now. His hands shook as he spoke, 'I-I’ll be right there.'The call ended, and Peter stood, his legs shaking.An accident?"



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The door clicked shut, and Peter sighed deeply. Finally. He was alone.He relaxed his slightly hostile body language and flopped down on the couch, hearing the springs groan with his weight. He placed a hand over his eyes, slightly amazed at how tired he was.It was Friday, November 23rd, which also happened to be the day after Thanksgiving. He was on break from school, crime was low, and there was little to do besides watching TV and occasionally tinkering with the stuff he had in his room.Yet exhaustion pulled at him, making him want to do nothing more than take a nap.Maybe it was the fight with his aunt that drove so much out of him.I just wish sometimes she would back off. She’s suffocating me. Peter thought, shutting his eyes.Indignation swelled within him. I should be able to go out as Spider-Man as much as I want, when I want. I have a power. I should be able to use it.Protests filled his head as he lay down, his eyes still closed. May wouldn’t be back with dinner for a while, so maybe he’d just take a little nap…--His ringtone woke him.He vocalized his annoyance and tried to block out the noise, mentally cursing himself for picking a ringtone that was so irritating. He wanted nothing more than to crawl back into unconsciousness, where everything was nice and quiet. Thankfully, after several minutes, the ringtone eventually faded into silence, the loud yodels that it produced echoing off the walls for seconds after.It was quiet for about thirty seconds before his phone went off again.Peter groaned loudly. Whoever was calling was persistent, and he grumbled as he sat up. He rubbed his eyes and picked up his phone, not even bothering to look at the Caller ID.“Hello,” Peter mumbled, stifling a yawn.“Am I speaking to Peter Parker?” The voice was sharp, but not unkind. More urgent than anything.Peter blinked, suddenly more awake. “Uh, yes.”“Peter, this is Doctor Lane. You need to come to the Hospital Center in Queens right now.”Peter felt like he had been doused in ice water. “What? Why?”“Your aunt has been in a car accident. I’m sorry, but we cannot provide any more details over the phone.”Peter was wide awake now. His hands shook as he spoke, “I-I’ll be right there.”The call ended, and Peter stood, his legs shaking.
An accident?
He swallowed hard, nausea sweeping over him and pushing bile into his throat. He took a deep breath through his nose, calming himself.She's fine, Peter told himself as he rushed to his bedroom and searched for his old web shooters, knowing that he couldn't show up clad in his Spider-Man suit. She's probably just a little banged up. They always take you to the hospital after car accidents, right?Dammit. Where did he put his shooters?He pretty much tore up his room before he found them, beneath his bed, under all kinds of stuff he had previously deemed useless.He hooked them on his wrists quickly, pushed open the window, and threw himself out of it.--The hospital halls were sterile, bright, and smelled strongly of rubbing alcohol.Peter’s overly-sensitive nose burned every time he inhaled, and his legs shook with every step. The lady at the counter told him that his Aunt was in room 324, and he had sprinted down the hallway in the direction of the stairs. He took the steps two at a time up until the third floor, when the apprehension slowed him down.He counted the door numbers as he walked, his hands balled into fists at his sides, his nails digging into his palms.
320, 321, 322, 323…
There was a doctor standing outside of room 324.She looked up as he approached.“You must be Peter,” She said, a note of sadness in her voice.“Where is my Aunt?” Peter spoke, surprised that the voice he heard was his own.The doctor’s gaze turned pitiful. “I’m sorry.”Peter felt the world collapse around him. He barely heard the words that followed the doctor’s admission. “Her car collided with a semi-truck on 164th street. Her injuries sustained from the crash were too severe. She had lost too much blood. We couldn’t save her.”There was a sudden sharp ringing in Peter’s ears. Everything seemed too loud. The lights were too bright. All he could smell was isopropyl.“Peter?” He blinked up at her, his vision blurry with tears.“Where is she?” Peter whispered. “C-can… can I see her?”The doctor nodded solemnly and opened the door. Peter forced his shaky legs to move.The room was dark, with only one light on, and Peter almost cried with the relief from the brightness. The alcohol smell was stronger, almost sickening, but he suddenly didn’t care.His aunt was laying on the cot in the middle of the room.He walked over to her, feeling floaty.She was pale. Lifeless. Cold.The tears slid down his cheeks.“May…” Peter whispered, his hand reaching out and t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Panic Attacks
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Dead Aunt May
Dad!Tony
Grief/Mourning
Separation Anxiety
Precious Peter Parker
Abandonment Issues
Whump
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Platonic Cuddling
Nightmares
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Depression
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark- Freeform
Post Spider-Man: Homecoming AU

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

