Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He'd meant to keep a low profile. He'd meant to keep his head down and just get his bearings, figure out what's what and what to do and just in general settle himself in – and not do anything whatsoever that might draw attention to him. It was a solid plan, right? Nice and simple.Then Desmond happens to look left while walking around in the general bustle of New York and for some reason, there's some lunatic gunman on the rooftop of a building across the street with a little kid in a headlock.It comes out of the blue – no warning and no sign of trouble. Some guy with a gun and a kid in a headlock – and then the guy is aiming at the sky and there are gunshots and suddenly Desmond isn't the only one looking. There are screams, there's shouting, there's running – and there's still a guy with a gun and a kid in a headlock."Listen up you little shits!" the gunman shouts down at them. "I want Iron Man, you hear? I want Iron Man, someone fucking bring me Iron Man or the little shit gets it! Listen – LISTEN to me! I want Iron Man, here, now!"More gunshots while people scream and run for cover. Sirens in the distance – heading away, not towards. Desmond looks around for anyone near – woman hiding in an alleyway, she has a phone, she's calling it in with a shaky voice. Police would be here eventually and since the gunman wants something, he's not likely to harm his hostage until something happened. Police would be able to get there on time and resolve the situation.He doesn't need to do anything."Listen – listen to me!" the gunman shouts, pacing the edge of the roof, dragging the kid with him. The kid is crying – but fighting. They're struggling, kicking their feet and trying to loosen the arm around their neck – but they're maybe seven at most, probably younger, and half of the time their feet don't even reach the rooftop as the man drags them around.The gunman shakes kid violently to stop their struggles and the kid screams – Desmond takes a step forward."I want mother fucking Iron Man here," the gunman shouts, now a bit more desperate. "The asshole has a lot to answer for and –"The kid squirms, the gunman shakes them in annoyance – and the kid falls. It's like in slow motion – the gunman’s grip loosens and the kid just slips through, lands onto the edge of the roof and then tumbles over it, hands scrabbling for something to hold. For a moment it looks like a clear fall to the pavement but there's a sign on the building’s front – and by some miracle the kid lands on it with a sharp, pained wail. Somehow, the kid manages to hang on – but it's a very, very precarious position.Desmond was supposed to lay low.He's already running across the street and up the side of the building before he can think twice, catching on the highest ledge he can once the upward momentum runs out. The gunman is now tearing at his hair, panicking, shouting "shit, shit – shit!" but Desmond ignores him and keeps his eyes on the kid.It's nearly four stories up to the kid – nothing compared to the churches and cathedrals of Italy, though. This building is badly enough made that he can tear out bricks to make his own handholds if he needs to."What the fuck are you doing – stay back!" the gunman shouts. "I'm warning you – I'm going to shoot you!"Desmond looks up while the gunman aims down – about five floors in between now and kid between them. Damnit. A throwing knife would be handy right now, Desmond thinks and bows his head, thinking fast. Five floors up, that's one hell of a throw. He could loosen a brick from the wall and throw that but it would never make it that distance, gravity is against him there. What does he have that's light enough?"That's right, asshole, you just go back down like a good boy-"Fuck it.Desmond braces himself on his feet on edges of crumbling brickwork with one hand for a support and then reaches for his pocket. One shot – better make it count.He winds his arm down and then throws his cell phone up as fast and hard as he can. The thing spins madly as it flies through the air – it hits with a sharp crack of breaking electronics and the gunman’s head is thrown up – Desmond nailed him straight to the forehead. The man lets out a cry, stumbles back and then with a snarl leans back forward, "You – you son of a –" landing his foot slightly too forward. Like the kid, he tumbles over the edge – unlike the kid, he does it head first and spinning.Desmond ignores the falling body and turns all his attention on the kid – who is starting to list slightly to the side, their grip slipping. Having the gunman fall past them had spooked the kid."Hold on, kid, I'm coming," Desmond shouts and continues to climb. "Get your legs on the each side of the sign – can you do that for me? Just hold on tight."The kid isn't listening, they're, no, she is distracted by the noise coming from below. Desmond doesn't look – the gunman must've hit the ground by now. "Don't look down," Desmond calls. "Just hold on."Then he climb
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Crossovers & Fandom Fusions
Alternate Universe
Video Game Mechanics
Abandoned Work - Unfinished and Discontinued
abandoned
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
None
