Chapter 1: The Devil Next-Door
    




Chapter Text
“So you think they’ll let you go to Rhode Island for a whole week?” Liz asked MJ who was busy fiddling with the bracelets on her wrist, something she did was nervous.
“They have to, it’s a once in a lifetime opportunity to take actual classes at RISD, right?... before we’re even seniors,” MJ sighed dropping her hand to her side. She stared up at her best friend who had one of those uncertain looks written across her face.
Liz folded her arms against her chest. “I still don’t see why you waited so long to even ask them MJ. They needed like three weeks in advance just so you can spend a night over my house….”
MJ knew Liz was right considering her parents were stricter than the military. She figured asking them when it was right around the corner would give them less room to say no. Now? She wasn’t so sure.
“You think we can get your parents to call mine,” MJ pouted with a bat of her eyelashes.
“No way” Liz shook her head immediately letting off a light chuckle. “Last time I got my parents involved in something like this your mom emailed them a 4 page paper on why they shouldn’t have a say in how they discipline their child,”
Mj’s pout turned into an outright frown. “If they say no I’m moving out,”
“Yeah right,” Liz smiled not believing the words that left MJ's mouth.  “In your dreams,”
Standing up from her bed MJ went over to close her bedroom curtains. Her time for enjoying the sun was over because she had seen Peter had come home. She had a clear view of his room from hers and she’d rather never see the sun again than to watch him.
“Hey!” Liz exclaimed going over to the window as well trying to stop MJ from ruining the fun. “I like looking, he’s total eye candy,”
“And that’s total peeping tom talk,” Mj rolled her eyes closing the curtains anyway. She disliked how every girl drools over him, and she will not let her best friend fall dead from that disease. 
“Lame,” Liz playfully pushed MJ. 
Turning on her room light Mj then flopped on her bed and groaned. “I’m going to ask them sometime this week,” her voice came out as muffles since her head was face down.
“Mhm,” Liz responded.
“Or should I do it now?” Mj asked lifting her head a bit. 
“Mhm,” Liz repeated, Mj thinking nothing of it at the time.
“You think I should?” MJ questioned bringing herself up from the bed so she could read Liz by the expression on her face. To her surprise, Liz wasn’t even paying attention to their conversation. She was too busy peeking her head through the blinds spying on Peter and whatever he was doing.
“Mhm, yeah sure!” Liz continued to not pay attention.
“You know? I was actually thinking of showing my parents the tattoo I got while we were quote on quote at school,” Mj said getting up from the bed and walking closer to Liz who was droned out. “Then I’ll tell your parents, how does that sound?”
“Great, wonderful!” Liz said as she moved the curtains a little further out making for a better view.
“Liz!” MJ shouted yanking the curtains closed causing Liz to jump backward out of fear. 
“What!” Liz yelled back once she regained her composure placing a hand over her frightened heart. “You may not like having Peter freaking hot as ever Parker as your neighbor but that doesn’t mean I have to. Besides he has Josh over. That’s double the hotness!”
“That’s it!” MJ threw up her arms in protest. “I refuse to be friends with a window girl, I’m calling Ned he’s the only sane friend I have left,”
Liz then stepped away from the window and her face turned stone cold. “Mj if I ever end up one of Peter’s window girls you have full permission to murder me. Because clearly, I don’t care about life anymore,”
“Same,” MJ giggled before both girls started laughing uncontrollably. 
“There’s no harm in looking though,” Liz shrugged retaking her position at the window.
“If he catches you and tells his guys you’ll definitely be ripped to shreds at school. You know how fast news travels at Midtown,” MJ said making it her last warning before leaving Liz to be her own demise. 
Mj’s parents weren’t home. It was a Monday afternoon and since her mom was vice principal of Midtown High she usually stayed late hours catching up on work. Her dad was a real estate agent so he was usually at his office or showing off houses. 
Walking into her living room Mj made herself comfortable on one of the big lovesacs they had in the corner of the room near the giant bookshelf. Mj loved curling up here with a good book when she wanted to get away from the world. Her dad once told her if she could live in a book she would and MJ couldn’t disagree. Books were so simple, you knew you’d have a good ending no matter how hard your beginning and middle are. With life, Mj didn’t know anything. She was scared of uncertainty. 
If her parents weren’t going to allow her to go to Rhode Island to attend its school of design with Liz she didn’t know what she’d do. Art was MJ's whole world. She loved expressing herself through her work. Having 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
petermj - Relationship
spideychelle - Relationship
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Zendaya Coleman/Tom Holland

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - High School
Peter Isn't Spiderman
Popularity
Alternate Universe - Neighbors
Slow Burn
Slow Build
Hate to Love
shipdiverge

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
petermj - Relationship
spideychelle - Relationship
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Zendaya Coleman/Tom Holland

