Chapter 1: Neo Botha
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Howard had watched his flying car lift up, sustain flight, and actually travel.His mind flashed back to when they were having trouble with the issue. A black-skinned man had suddenly walked over, casually reached under the car, and pulled out a device – a device Howard had never seen before – and dropped it on the ground before seeming to vanish into thin air. The flying car had worked after that.Howard had picked up the device and studied it extensively. It was unlike anything he’d ever seen before. It was powered by some form of energy but Howard quickly worked out it used vibranium (yes, it had vibranium in it) in the same way gold was used in a lot of technology around the place. The thing was that the vibranium was far more effective.Curious, Howard had taken Steve’s shield, slightly reluctantly, stripped the paint and melted it down to see if the same effect could be produced. It had worked. He’d first used it in his flying car. Whereas before, the car had moved with severe turbulance, now it sailed through the air smoothly. Howard applied the vibranium to five other things (and he may have accidentally invented the cell phone in the process).But that brought him back to the device.Obviously, it was some kind of disrupter. Its purpose was to subvert the effectiveness of the flying car. Somebody hadn’t wanted Howard to invent the flying car. And somebody else had known about it. The disrupter had been clearly externally designed to blend in to the engine, and it was probably tucked away where Howard wouldn’t see it unless he took the engine apart (and might not even then) as evidenced by how the other man had reached in to get it. The next logical step was to find the man that had removed it.His coloured skin made it easier than it would’ve been otherwise.A few of the people in the area at the time had spoken to the man, and, though he’d kept to himself, he’d been employed (temporarily) as a cleaner. So the man’s name was documented.Neo Botha.Locating him was a bit harder. Turned out the guy had been a Morrocan paying his way home after the war. Tracking his journey was the easy part. Once you got to Morroco, though, it became difficult. Neo Botha, it turned out, was a man that kept to himself and didn’t talk to many people in an overcrowded city.Those who did know him described him as apathic, never bothered by anything, and Howard got the feeling he was sort of nihilistic.Eventually tracking down Botha’s family, Howard found out where the man worked. He was a maintenence worker at the airport – meaning Howard had walked right past him. Being a white millionaire meant that Howard could go and talk to him while he was working. At the time, Botha was repairing a leaking pipeline (so he guessed their maintence workers were jacks-of-all-trades). He glanced down at Howard in mild disinterest.‘You were the guy with the flying car?’ he asked in accented, but perfect English.‘Yeah,’ Howard said. ‘I worked out the device that you pulled off of it was, but I don’t know who put it there.’‘Why do you think I know?’ Botha asked.‘Because you knew exactly where to go to get it,’ Howard said. ‘I figure you know who did it and why they did it. Maybe you even worked for them once.’Botha smirked. ‘Clever man. I can see how you got to where you are.’ He put the wrench aside, put his hand on the joint and yelled at someone in the local dialect. The water was turned on again and it appeared to be fixed. Botha tucked all his tools away. ‘Yes, I worked for them – ages ago.’ He paused and then muttered. ‘A lifetime, really.’ He shook his head. ‘I went in there out of curiosity over anything else. Have you ever heard of Wakanda?’Howard slowly shook his head.‘So where did you get the vibranium?’‘First bit I found on the shoreline as a kid when my parents took me for a walk.’ It was a Sunday. He clearly remembered that. The one day they didn’t have to work, his parents had often dedicated to doing whatever he wanted to do. ‘My mother said she’d never seen anything like it before, so we kept it. It was only later I got more and I found out what it was called from the...vendor.’Botha looked at him knowingly. ‘Black market?’ At Howard’s startled look, he grinned. ‘Don’t worry. Vibranium can only be bought on the black market. I’m hardly surprised that’s where you got it.’ Botha pointed. ‘Wakanda is a small, isolated country on the Eastern Coast.’‘Isolated?’ Howard asked.‘Kinda.’ Botha pulled a face. ‘Outsiders aren’t allowed in but Wakandans can come and go as they please. While the outskirts puts up the illusion of just as much poverty as the rest of this continent, they are actually stinking rich. They are, in actual fact, the most technologically advanced nation in the world.’That boggled the mind. If they were isolated, how did they develop their technology: radars, satellites, things that came from war? An isolated
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peggy Carter & Edwin Jarvis & Howard Stark
Howard Stark & Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Wakanda Critical
Steve Rogers critical
Peggy Carter Critical
Enhanced Characters
Howard Stark Has A Heart
Team Howard

fandom: 
Peggy Carter & Edwin Jarvis & Howard Stark
Howard Stark & Original Character(s)

