Chapter 1: Steve Rogers AKA Captain America
    




Chapter Text
When the bad guys converged on one spot, Peter knew it was bad news. He just hadn’t known that ‘bad news’ dressed up in red, white, and blue. Tony Stark had called him that morning (seriously, Mr. Stark, it was a  Saturday, who wakes up at 7 AM?) and asked him to come help him out with something. Peter had assumed it was some little science project that was supposed to improve his web-shooter fluid or something, but Mr. Stark had sent him an address in lower Manhattan with instructions to come in his suit. Peter didn’t go to Manhattan very often–usually only to visit the Avengers Tower whenever he received an invitation, which wasn’t often. Heck, he rarely went to  Brooklyn, and there wasn’t even a river for him to cross to get there. Nevertheless, he’d swung over to the Williamsburg Bridge and avoided the congestion building up at both ends by swinging underneath the structure. As soon as he’d cleared the much higher Manhattan skyline, he could tell where he needed to go by the smoke rising in the distance. “Hey, Karen!” He called out as he stepped off the roof of the skyscraper he’d stopped on. He shot a web to a building across the street and soared quickly through the city. “Ask Mr. Stark to patch me into the comms? I don’t know what I need to—hey, watch it, dude!” A man dressed in filthy military fatigues raised his machine gun and fired at him again. Why he was sitting on the top of a random Manhattan skyscraper, Peter had no idea, but he shot a web towards the guy and ripped the weapon out of his hands. “You know, this really isn’t a good way to deal with stress.” Peter told the guy as he shot another web, sticking him to the side of the water tower on the top of the building. “I mean, have you heard about all those new adult coloring books? Or, like, yoga? You should try yoga.” “As much as I’d love to hear the rest of this conversation,” a dry voice says into Peter’s ear, “I think I requested you for backup, Spider-Man.” Peter, about to shoot a web to continue towards the rising smoke, yelped and and fell right off the forty-story building in surprise. He shot a web to a building across the street and stumbled onto the roof of it. “Holy crap,” Peter breathed. “Mr. Stark, don’t  do  that!” “What, did I scare your poor little spider-butt?” Tony’s voice sounded amused, but Peter could hear the sounds of explosions and faint screaming through the audio feed. “More like made me fall off a skyscraper,” Peter told him as he hopped off the roof and began swinging towards his destination again. “I’m on my way.”“What were you doing on a—never mind. I don’t want to know. There are civilians in the subway stations around here. I need you to get them out.”“Got it, Mr. Stark. Whoa, wait, is this a full Avengers team-up? Are you guys—”Before Peter could say anything else, he was suddenly assaulted by an explosion of sound and voices of all the various Avengers, and he nearly released the web he was hanging from in surprise. He thought he’d just caught the tail-end of an argument between Hawkeye and Falcon, because Sam Wilson muttered “Spoilsport.” just as Captain America said, “Clint! Sam! Enough!”“God, a little warning next time.” Peter muttered as he resumed going  again. “Uh, Stark? Why’s there a kid on our comm link?” Peter heard a distinctly female voice ask. The accent was American, a dry, sarcastic lilt to it, and, yep, that’s definitely Black Widow. Holy—Wait. “Hey!” Peter protested at the same time that Tony said, “This is Spider-Man.” Peter continued with his totally justified complaint. “I’m not a kid!” “All right, Spider-Man.” Captain America’s stern voice cut through the audio. “How far out are you?”“I’m here.” Peter announced, catching sight of Hawkeye with his signature bow, firing down into the mob that had become East Houston. He spotted another guy in faded fatigues sneaking up behind the archer and swung right past, extending his legs and sending the guy flying off the building. “Hi, Hawkeye!” Quick as lightning—well, maybe not  that quick—Clint Barton whirled and sent an arrow flying right at Peter’s face. He yelped and ducked away from it, then snagged it out of the air as it passed. "Rude!' Hawkeye’s eyes widened and he cursed. “Oh,  shit!  Sorry, kid.”Peter snapped the arrow without even meaning to, and he winced and dropped it. “I'm not a kid.” He glanced behind himself, spotting another water tower (why did Manhattan apartments have so many?) and quickly launched himself on top of it. “Hey, Mr. Stark, where do you need me?” “I told you. Subway.” Peter caught a quick glimpse of the Iron Man suit plowing into a horde of fake military men a few blocks away.“Ah, Stark, you’re late to the game!” Sam Wilson called out as he shot by overhead. “Cleared that out about thirty seconds ago! Catch up, old man!” “Hey, I think that Steve’s the real old man here, Wilson.” Mr. Stark told him. “Are we really discussing this?” Captain America a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & James “Bucky” Barnes
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
BAMF Peter Parker
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
random bad guys - Freeform
i made them up sorry guys
5+1 Things
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt Clint Barton
chapter 5 recently rewritten
Translation Available

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & James “Bucky” Barnes
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

