Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The toy store was enormous, spanning three levels, and so full of people that it made the hair on the back of Bucky’s neck prickle with discomfort. He kept his breathing calm with effort, sweeping his eyes over the crowds. It was 10am on a Tuesday morning, so the store really shouldn’t have been this full. Apparently Laura hadn’t been kidding when she’d said that this was the most popular toy store in New York.Someone touched his arm; Bucky stiffened, but only until he realized that it was Tony. Then his instincts kicked into gear and he pulled Tony into a tight hug, burying his face in Tony’s hair for a moment and taking slow, deep breaths. Tony’s scent was always comforting, whether it was that sweet, babyish smell or the cologne Tony favored when he was big. Right now, notes of vanilla and sandalwood filled his nose and helped to calm him. “Are you okay?” Tony asked quietly, the words meant for Bucky’s ears alone. He hugged Bucky back, obligingly tucking his head beneath Bucky’s chin. They fit together so well that it never failed to send a little thrill down Bucky’s spine. He breathed out and breathed in more of Tony’s scent, feeling the last of his unease momentarily dissipating. He’d never been so grateful for that press conference where Tony had announced to the world that they were dating, because it meant that things like this hug could happen in public and it wouldn’t draw undue attention.It made the weeks of intense scrutiny they’d suffered through worth it, especially now that, as Tony had promised, more interesting things had happened that had drawn the media’s and public’s attention away from them. Pictures of Iron Man and the Winter Soldier hugging or holding hands were still going for high money, but they were no longer plastered across the front page. Bucky would take what he could get.“I’m better,” he replied finally, not releasing Tony from the hug just yet. He couldn’t say he was fine – that wouldn’t happen until they were back in the tower, comfortably enclosed in the finest security there was – but he was getting better. Knowing that Tony was close, and that Bucky could protect him if something went wrong, helped.“Did you want to cancel the trip?” Tony asked, voice slightly muffled. “We can. I don’t mind.”“No,” Bucky said immediately.“But –”“Tony, no.” He released Tony from the hug, only to cup Tony’s face in his hands so he could look into those adorable brown eyes. “I appreciate the thought, but this is for you. I would do anything for you.”Some of the lines in Tony’s handsome face smoothed out. Bucky hadn’t even realized they were there until they were gone. He gently stroked the sides of Tony’s face, realizing that this trip was stressing Tony out more than he’d let on. Tony might have agreed to it because Laura and Natasha and Bruce had urged him to, but that didn’t mean Tony’s nerves weren’t out in full force.It had been Natasha’s idea. She thought it was a crime – her exact word – that Tony had never been to a toy store so that he could pick out some toys. Apparently shopping on the internet wasn’t good enough. Bucky couldn’t blame her for that. He got where she was coming from. It really wasn’t fair that all of Tony’s things needed to be purchased in complete secrecy. Tony deserved, like any other Little, to be able to walk into a store and pick out a teddy bear or a toy.But when you were Tony Stark, life wasn’t always fair. Tony believed that keeping his classification secret would be best for Stark Industries, and Bucky wasn’t really in a position to tell him otherwise. All of the Avengers had sworn to keep Tony’s secret, but Natasha was still determined to make a toy store trip happen for Tony. After much consulting with Laura, this was the plan they’d cooked up: Tony would go shopping with Laura, Natasha and Nathaniel, and Laura would buy the toys under the premise that they were for her children or Natasha when in reality the toys would be for Tony.Tony was reluctant, but from the moment the plan was suggested Bucky could see how much he wanted it and he’d encouraged Tony to go along with it. What they hadn’t anticipated was that Clint, Lila, Steve and Wanda would join them. Tony was visibly uncomfortable with Steve and Wanda being there, but hadn’t said anything about it. Probably because he didn’t feel that he could.Now, Tony sighed. “I know you would. Thank you.” He leaned into Bucky’s hands for a few moments before, looking regretful, he pulled away. “I’m going to slip if you don’t stop that.” “Maybe we can spend some time together when we get home.” Bucky stayed close, sliding an arm around Tony’s shoulders after checking to make sure it was okay. He thought that Tony probably needed Bucky’s support right now as much as Bucky needed Tony’s. “I’d like that,” Tony said shyly. He looked up, as though sensing attention. So did Bucky. He was just in time to catch the sad look on Steve’s face and, beyond him, the way Wanda was glaring at them. Buc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
alternate universe - littles are known
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism
Infantilism
Age Play
little Tony Stark
Baby Tony Stark
daddy bucky barnes
Little!Tony
Little!Wanda
little!Natasha
daddy!Bucky
Daddy!Steve
mommy!Laura
Daddy!Clint
the world doesn't know tony stark is a little
Tony Stark Has The Arc Reactor
Arc Reactor
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Bruce Banner
uncle!bruce - Freeform
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
wanda maximoff is a spoiled brat
steve rogers needs a clue
Oblivious Steve Rogers
spiteful wanda maximoff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Feels
Angst and Fluff
wanda maximoff's revenge
bucky barnes is not happy with steve rogers
that seems to be a running theme to this
bottles
Diapers
Bathing
Cuddling
Wetting
platonic sleeping together
Crying
Hugging
Carrying
Little Headspace
Protective Laura Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Domestic Avengers
Shopping
Toy shopping
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Steve Friendly

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers

