Work Text:

The constant buzzing coming from Tony's brand new phone on top of his desk was doing a fine job of not only distracting him from all the paperwork he had to do, but also from the gentle, polite knock on his closed door.


mr. stark



you should hurry home today



maybe



if nothing at work keeps you i mean



it's not an emergency or anything



!!



everyone's okay dw



as far as i know



just



come hooome

 
Tony smiled at the screen. Like it happened frequently whenever Peter rambled, be it on face-to-face conversations or through texting, he felt his shoulders relax with how affectionate and fond that boy made him. 


i will hurry home

, he typed back, biting his lower lip to try and contain the grin threatening to take over his face. 


what do you need-

 he started typing before deleting it and starting again. 


what do you want me for?

 he texted back at last. He was still trying to get used to the idea of people wanting him around not only because they needed him to do something or other for them, but because they genuinely considered his company special and precious. It was a very comforting sensation, made it all together more consistent because of how Peter still hadn't quite let go from his admiration towards absolutely everything Tony did and it didn't look like he would anytime soon. And also because of how Rhodey and Pepper were constantly dragging him out of doing overtime at work to go do harmless things like having coffee in his favorite coffeeshop around the corner for no reason other than 'it's a nice day outside' or 'you had a bad day, you deserve it'. 


i have a surprise for you !! 

, said Peter's text that arrived two seconds after Tony had sent his answer.

Coming from Peter, a surprise could mean anything from a box of chocolate donuts and a brand new robot running around the lab, to a genius answer for a problem Tony was having with one of his experiments.
When had his daily life become so… nice?
Probably around the same time he had decided for himself that he deserved good things and people who saw how much 

love

 he was capable of and didn't turn that against him. People who listened to his ramblings and didn't treat him as someone annoying who had to be dealt with in order for them to make use of his genius. 
 

i'll definitely hurry home then



i'll tell work not to bother me



for anything short than the building catching on fire



and/or another alien invasion

 
He allowed himself a small laugh at how Peter answered to that with apparently all the smiley emojis he could find on his phone. This good, smart, easily excited boy.

The gentle knocking came again a few minutes later. Tony sighed and hoped he could dismiss whatever had come up, since his shift was almost over and he really needed to eat something of substance other than quick sandwiches over reports and blueprints. He gave an imaginary pat on his own back for ascertaining he needed to eat without immediately feeling guilty about it. 

"Come in," he called out as he straightened his watch on his wrist. 

"Dr. Stark," his secretary said, and Tony was pleased to confirm that people now seemed to 

remember

 that he actually had a good number of doctorates and were willing to give him that title and credit, "I'm really sorry to bother, but there are some people on the ground floor who want to speak to you."

"Well, you'll have to be more specific, there are always people on the ground floor wanting to speak to me."

"It's… Steve Rogers, sir - doctor. With... some other people. And reporters." 

Tony sighed once again. He wasn't in the mood. He would never be in the mood for them. But he supposed that conversation had to happen at some point. 

"Very well, I'll speak to them." 

"Okay, I'll send them up-" 

"No, no. They don't come here. I'll take the elevator down. I was already going home anyway." he reached for the jacket of his Tom Ford three-piece suit that was draped on the back of his chair. 

And I really don't intend to drag out the conversation

, he added calmly in his mind. His genius intern had a surprise for him at home and he'd promised to go visit Dr. Strange at night so they could talk about some experiments regarding the possibility to safely use magical energy in technology. 

The possibilities were endless. 

He granted himself a moment of pride as the elevator went down the many, many floors, allowing him to witness a gorgeous sight of the city as the sun went down. When he arrived at the ground floor, outside the sliding glass doors, the sidewalk was littered with cameras and reporters and, in front of them all, Steve Rogers, Bucky Barnes and Natasha Romanoff. 
Tony turned his back on them with the pretense of biding his receptionist goodbye and a good weekend to all the employees, just to take some time to put his sunglasses on and shift his face to the media-pleasing smile he was once again famous for.
When he walked outside at last, he took an unnoticeable breath, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
tony deserved better
and in this one he gets all the better
not team Cap friendly

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

