Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
It was just a typical night for Peter. He told Aunt May that he was going to go work on his math homework, while in reality, he was going to put on his mask, and swing around the city helping people in need. He grabbed the bag with his suit, quietly opened the window, and jumped out. He walked a few blocks away from home until he found a deserted alley. Not wanting to be spotted, he changed behind a dumpster, hid his bag, and then made his way to the rooftops.Peter preferred to start off his nights with lower level crime, and then seek out the slightly more dangerous stuff. It was his version of a warm-up. So, when he heard a guy yell, “stop thief!”, he swung into action. It should have been an easy job.  It was just a thief.He spotted the guy half way up the street. He was wearing a black hoodie, and carrying the yelling man’s wallet. The man turned down an alley before Peter had a chance to stop him with his web shooters. Landing in front of the alley’s entrance, Peter sensed the presence of an old lady to his left. He didn’t give her a second thought. He really should have.“Hey, Mister,” Peter said to the thief who was trying to scale a fence, “Didn’t your mother teach you it was wrong to steal? You’re not even that great of a thief. You’re having a real tough time trying to scale that fence, man.”If Peter could have turned back time, and stayed home to do his homework, he would have.  God, he wished he could have.Time moved in slow motion. The old lady, who Peter had not given a second thought to, started screaming bloody murder at the sight of the thief and what he was holding. Startled by the sudden noise, Peter whipped around to face the old woman. He saw the lady, eyes wide with horror, fixed on the man behind him. Peter had a sinking feeling.He sensed it after it was too late. The gun being drawn. Aimed at him. He heard a click. A loud noise. There was a searing pain in his lower back. The old lady took off as fast as she could.The world looked funny, almost as if his eyes were observing it through some sort of weird filter. The ground was rushing to meet him. He could hear the thief finally hopping the fence, and taking off. Peter hit the ground with a loud thud, and he let out a low groan. He could feel the warmth of the blood pooling under him. He was starting to feel sleepy. Peter had always been scared of dying, but he was more upset by the thought of dying here, alone in some dark alley.And with that last thought, Peter’s world went black. 	Bucky had had a rough night. He had been sparring with Steve, when out of nowhere he started to have flashbacks to the Winter Soldier. When the panic attack started, Steve was right by his side, like always. He could always rely on Steve. Once he had calmed down somewhat, he decided he needed some fresh air. While he loved Steve’s presence, he also hated the look on Steve’s face whenever he had an attack. Bucky hated the way it hurt Steve to see him like that. Steve had offered to go on the walk with him, but Bucky just needed some space to sort through his thoughts. Even though it had been a while since he had been Winter Soldier, the memories never faded. All the lives he took. The torture he had endured. It was going to stick with him for the rest of his life.Bucky enjoyed taking walks. While the air wasn’t exactly crisp in New York, it beat being cooped up inside. The sun had set a while ago, so there weren’t many people on the streets. Bucky preferred that, because he wouldn’t have to put up with as many stares.Bucky was thinking about what he should get Steve for their anniversary when he heard the shot. An old woman was half walking, half running towards him. She was clearly upset. Bucky put his arm out to stop her.“Where?” he asked. She pointed her shaking finger in the direction of an alley a little further up, and then pushed past him. Bucky cautiously made his way to the location the woman had given him. He carefully peered around the corner, but saw nothing. It wasn’t until he was in the alley that he saw him lying there. Spider-Man.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Anxiety Attacks
Violence
Nightmares
Irondad
spiderson
Stalking
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Mind Control
Torture
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

