Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“I need my teammate to be functional by Sunday. We have a competition. Do you think he’s capable?”The school nurse looked up as MJ barged into the small office, dragging Peter behind her. She pushed Peter down onto a chair and walked straight back out of the room, not waiting for an answer.As soon as the door slammed shut behind her, Peter was stumbling to his feet. “I'm fine, I swear. She's just being dramatic.” He tried to smile but he suspected it came out wobbly. The nurse looked at him, worry clear on her face, but she only raised an eyebrow when he fell right back down into the chair. So yeah, maybe he was a little unsteady on his feet. But he was fine. “I'm not sure what your definition of fine is, but I don't think it matches mine. Now let's get you checked out.”“No, no, don't worry, I can-”She pushed him back down into the chair, her cold hand on his shoulder a relief to his burning body.Right at that moment the door flew open again. MJ’s head popped in. “Oh, by the way, he might try to tell you he's fine. Don't let him leave. You can remind him that if he's sick on Sunday and I'm forced to deal with Flash I won't hesitate to cut him from the team out of spite.”She was gone before he could reply, but he mumbled something about how she would always be stuck with Flash without him. Talking was exhausting though, and he slouched down further in his chair.The next ten minutes or so seemed to drag on, but at the same time, Peter was hardly aware of the concept of time in this state. He gave his name and felt cool hands feel his forehead, press a cup into his hands. He vaguely recalled the nurse asking if he wanted to call his parents to come get him.“No parents…” he mumbled, but even he barely understood the muffled sound that came out instead. Every motion was just so exhausting. And he was shivering, yet the blanket the nurse had given him made him feel like he was suffocating.What even was the point of superpowers if they didn't protect you from a simple flu?He was aware of the nurse sitting down at her computer, pulling up his file, typing a number into her phone. He even heard the call go to voicemail, and he started when he heard Aunt May’s voice.She was calling someone to come get him. Right. He was very out of it.“Seems like your aunt is not answering our calls.”“Work. Washington.”“Oh, is she out of the city for work?” She interpreted his answering grunt and strange head bobbing (which cost him more energy than he would ever admit) however she wanted and sat back down at her desk. After a few more seconds of silence she spoke again: “Wait, I've found a second file. Must have been handed in separately. Oh. Oh. I'll be… I'll be right back.”Peter hummed in acknowledgement, glad to have the room to himself for a little while. The nurse was nice, and her cool hands and wet towels were a blessing to his flushed skin, but he had a bursting headache he would rather nurse in silence.His eyelids drooped closed, but his other senses kept screaming: the persistent humming of a computer, the prickle of a blanket rubbing against his flushed skin, the smell of lunch being served halfway across the school making his stomach lurch.“We've got nobody to pick him up, might as well let him sleep. It'll do him good. I promise I will come get you as soon as he wakes, sir.” The nurse was back. He tried to pry his eyes open, see who she was speaking to, protest that he wasn’t asleep. But apparently he lacked the strength to do even that. How was anyone ever supposed to believe he was the same kid who had caught a car driving at 40 mph? He wasn’t sure he believed it himself.“Thank you, Emily. I have a lot to discuss with him. I don't understand why he would do it. He is such a good boy.” Huh? Principal Morita’s voice, which wasn’t too strange – they were at school after all. But what was he saying? Peter wasn’t even sure he had heard him at all, his brain a mushy mess of white noise. And that freaking computer wouldn’t stop humming!“I'm sure he is, sir. Now I think it is best to let him rest.”The voices finally ceased and Peter let himself to drift off into a fitful sleep.* * *“Listen, Peter, I'm not saying your internship is not real, but even if you have met Tony Stark,” – and he was making it pretty clear that he didn’t believe Peter had – “that doesn't give you the right to put him down as emergency contact. You can't do something like that just because of a fanboy fantasy. Mr Stark is a real person, with real responsibilities. How do you think he would feel if he got a call from schools across America every few minutes because a starstruck kid put him as an emergency contact? Do you understand?”“Yes, sir.”“And that's not even mentioning the fact that you must have faked your aunt’s signature to get the file past us! That is very serious, Peter. Out in the real world, that's a crime, and here in school it seriously dama
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
they're such curies
pure fluff
idk how to tag pls help
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
as soon as i learn how to tag

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

