Chapter 1: Bucky
    




Chapter Text
“It is almost time.”Bucky’s mouth curls at the words, but he does not speak. They can all feel it in their bones and taste it in the wind: the blood, the sweat, the tears. It wraps itself around their hearts, as familiar as the ground beneath their feet, and pulls at them like puppets on a string.The call of the Wild Hunt is a strong one, and Bucky gave his soul to it centuries ago.“Get ready,” Bucky tells his clan. His voice is nothing but a whisper, but it carries through the trees. “Tonight, we gather the fallen.”The hounds snarl and bark and bare their teeth, eager for the taste of blood. Around Bucky, the clash of armor and sheathing of swords signals the preparations. They are all ready for battle and they are all ready to hunt; to kill the immoral and to call on the dead to service the Hunt.Starlight nudges Bucky’s cheek with his muzzle. The horse’s eyes glow with the promise of violence, blue mane brushing softly against Bucky’s fingers, and he looks as if he’s waiting for something.The smile Bucky has been fighting against stretches across his lips. It is an old friendship, the one that exists between them, that spans through centuries and countless hunts. Starlight had been just a foal when Bucky joined the Hunt and together they have learned to fight and kill and lead. Now, he stands by Bucky’s side, his loyal companion into the thick of battle.“I have not forgotten,” Bucky assures him, conjuring a carrot out of thin air.It is a bargain they struck long ago: one carrot for one safe ride.Starlight nickers and starts chomping on the carrot, teeth almost getting Bucky’s fingers in the process. Bucky pats him and, while Starlight is busy, he goes on to check the saddle and their weapons. He is the last one of his clan to mount his ride, protection mask snapping over his face and covering his features.There is a slight thrum rising from beneath the earth and slithering up Bucky’s spine. It lets him know their time is here. The Hunt is on.“Are you ready?” Bucky asks the clan, his hands gripping the reins, and feels the assent that rushes through him. They are all eager to kill, to fight, to hurt. Bucky is not one to deny them the pleasure. Bracing himself, he says, “Then let’s hunt.”As they ride forward, they leave no tracks on the ground. ** New York City smells just as Bucky remembers, although he is glad there are no holes in the sky this time. The only beings parting through the clouds are him and his clan, their hounds close at their heels.Battle wages on beneath them, coating the streets with blood and bodies. Bucky can already tell who is useful for the Hunt and who is nothing but spoiled meat. Auras shine in different colors, shades of black and murky grey to indicate those who are not worthy, those who are only meant to feel the snap of hounds’ teeth and the coldness of their swords’ steel. And then there are sparks of white light in between the darkness, those souls who have the call of wilderness deep in their blood, either to serve or join the Hunt.Bucky licks his lips beneath his mask, one hand curling around his sword’s hilt, ready to take what belongs to him. With a cry, he gives start to the hunt and joins the fight.Bodies drop around them as they ride through the streets, an invisible force wrapped and hidden by magic. Whoever has fought against this group of humans has already wreaked a lot of damage, but there are still people around to put up a fight.Bucky runs his sword through one of the men who dares charge him, blade cutting past the red octopus displayed on his chest. His black aura curls around Bucky’s sword and, as the man takes his final breath, eyes wide as he stares up at Bucky’s masked face, it dissipates through the air. Some souls spark, and those Bucky grabs on to with his metal hand. They will find a new life with the Hunt, a new purpose, just as Bucky once did.Starlight stomps over the body and onto the next one, taking Bucky where he needs to go. Around them battle goes on, the Hunt doing its duty and adding to the dead that had been there before they arrived.It is when Bucky rounds the corner between two buildings and into a wide street that he sees who he has to thank for the dead. A man with wings and another covered in red and gold armor fly through the air, weapons in hand, taking down humans on the ground below.Bucky smiles, pleased. He can appreciate humans who are aware of the advantage the air grants them, even more so when he sees their souls spark.An arrow flies past Bucky’s left and finds its home in the neck of a man standing a few feet in front of him. Bucky raises an eyebrow, impressed, and follows the arrow’s trajectory to a building a few ways behind him. On the roof, a man does not bother to hide, his purple armor shining under the sun. For a second, Bucky considers taking him for the Hunt despite the heart that still beats in his chest. Skill like that is beautiful and it should be appreciated.Bucky is distrac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Twisted and Fluffy Feelings
POV Alternating
Fae Bucky Barnes
Wild Hunt
Canon-Typical Violence
Protective Bucky Barnes
Courtship
Courting Rituals
Slow Burn
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Tower
Touch-Starved Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Sharing Clothes
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Competence Kink
Marking
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Oral Sex
Intercrural Sex
Soul Bond
Captain America Reverse Big Bang 2018

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Avengers Team

