Work Text:


 So the Jabari had a seat among the Tribe Council now.Big deal, truly. A voice for the Mountain tribe! This had never happened, as far as memory went. But it seemed it would change very little, all in all. The Golden tribe remained on the throne, and T’Challa remained firm in his decision to pull Wakanda out of hiding. No real discussion could be had; of course all the other tribes on the Taifa Ngao were eating out of his hand—the River tribe was marrying Nakia to him soon, O joy! The Border tribe was meekly trying to atone for W’Kabi’s sins, O shame! And the Merchant and Mining tribe were enchanted by this occasion to enrich themselves, O opportunity! Which meant the Mountain tribe, newly admitted among its reluctant peers in the person of Silverback King M’Baku, was left alone to oppose every decision they made.“To open the country to foreign immigration. All in favor?” T’Challa asked in a long-suffering voice.“Ewe!” intoned all the others as one man. Yes! From the River tribe, the Border tribe, the Merchant tribe, the Mining tribe. Wakanda forever, T’Challa forever! Yes, yes, yes!Then all eyes turned to M’Baku, who took his time to sprawl comfortably on his seat—his beautiful Tribe Council seat, made of good Jabari wood—and gave them a grin.
“Hayi.”
All of them groaned, and the Merchant tribe elder even threw his hands in the air. M’Baku could have acknowledged it as an insult if he hadn’t been having so much fun.T’Challa pinched the bridge of his nose. “Let us stop there for today. Thank you for your presence, thank you all. Ndiyabulela.” He got up from his seat and said over his shoulder, “Lord M’Baku, please, a moment.”The elders walked out of the room in a single, dignified line while M’Baku smugly waved them out, still seated.T’Challa didn’t address him right away, and walked across the room to uncork a bottle of maize liquor instead. Golden wine for the Golden tribe. He handed a glass to M’Baku, who took a long, appreciative sip, and clicked his tongue. 

 T’Challa was silent, sleek and elegant in his black djellaba; he kept his back to M’Baku, pouring a glass for himself.“Can’t imagine why you’re so surprised,” M’Baku said. “O brother-in-arms, did you think I would magically approve of your every decision now?”“Magically, no,” T’Challa answered, turning around at last. “But as a new member of the Tribe Council…”“The Tribe Council should oppose you more often.” M’Baku raised his glass to look at the sun catching in the wine. “If they did, you would’ve heard W’Kabi’s words—before he had to shout them at you from the wrong side of the spear.”T’Challa shot him a look. “I am hearing you now, O Silverback King. Hooting from the branches, hayi hayi hayi. Is ‘no’ the only word you know?”“Hayi,” M’Baku grinned. “But my politics are closer to W’Kabi’s than yours, it’s no secret. Playing nice with the colonizer boys? Trampling our ancestors’ heritage?” He opened his hands. “We will not have it—I said, on challenge day. Seems you’ve forgotten already.”“I am not trying to dilute our country’s traditions,” T’Challa said with patience. “I believe they must be shared to grow. We have been running in closed circuit for too long. We have been ignoring the sixth tribe, which is—”“Please don’t say ‘the world tribe’—”“The world tribe, M’Baku,” T’Challa said, a smile playing at the edge of his mouth. “We have so much to bring them. Not weapons, not war; that was W’Kabi’s politics—Killmonger’s, too, may he rest in the Djalia.”He paused for a moment, and drank in silence. Whether for his long-time friend or his deceased cousin, M’Baku didn’t know.“Not weapons,” T’Challa began again, “but the wealth of our assistance, the wealth of our technology. And yes, that means our culture. This is why I gave you a seat on the council—not just because you saved my life, M’Baku. Not just because you rescued our country from war. But because you have been fighting for tradition the longest. I am trying to listen to every voice in Wakanda, to honor all of our country, past and present alike.”M’Baku looked away, snorting softly. T’Challa was a damned orator; he could have probably ruled the country on charisma alone. And he had honor, and he had heart. It was hard not to like him, almost to the point of forgoing one’s own values.“Think about it,” T’Challa insisted. “If I’m to be such a king, Wakanda cannot do without the Jabari. You alone can guide us in sharing, without losing ourselves.”“Yeah—right—are you finished?” M’Baku said, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “Great Hanuman. You almost make me miss the good old days, when you and I were solving politics with our fists.”“You mean last week?” T’Challa grinned, eyes twinkling. M’Baku snorted again, louder, which made him laugh. “Ah, you are right. I think we’ve both had enough for today.”He put his glass away and M’Baku did the same.“Come on,” T’Challa said. “Okoye and the Queen Mother await. Lord M’Baku is invited to our table if he likes.”Okoye facing him at dinner. M’Baku 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/M'Baku
M'Baku/Okoye (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
M'Baku & T'Challa (Marvel)
M'Baku & Shuri (Marvel)
Shuri & James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
POV M'Baku
Character Study
and what a character!
M'Baku Is Smarter Than You
Also Hotter Let's Be Honest
Scrupulously Canon
Post-Black Panther (2018)
tradition versus progress: a dilemma
Or Is It?
World Wide Wakanda
many awesome African traditions
let's all mock everett ross
w'kabi the faithless doesn't deserve his wife
Shuri Is An Actual Teen
T'Challa Is An Actual King
White Wolf Bucky
BAMF Okoye
i mean is she not BAMF by default???
T'Challa and Nakia's Wedding
some vague references to suicidal ideation
because bucky
a tale of true love sex buddies and tangled politics
to fuck your enemy is to know your friend
Enemies to Lovers
Art
Illustrated

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/M'Baku
M'Baku/Okoye (Marvel)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
M'Baku & T'Challa (Marvel)
M'Baku & Shuri (Marvel)
Shuri & James "Bucky" Barnes

