Chapter 1: Peter's Birthday
    




Chapter Text
The clock must have been broken. Peter had been staring at it for what seemed forever now and it had only shown that five minutes had passed. Someone must have tampered with it, to torture any student who had tuned out their algebra teacher in favour of counting down the seconds to when they’d get to run out the door and head to Stark Tower to see their boyfriends.Okay, so maybe to torture Peter specifically.Why was the day dragging by so slowly? Ten minutes till the bell would ring and it felt like he’d be old and grey before he could finally leave.Ned shot him a curious glance as Peter’s foot tapped out an impatient staccato against the frame of the desk and Peter felt a momentary pang of guilt go through him. He’d spent the night of his actual birthday with Ned, going for pizza with May, Ned, and Michelle on Wednesday night but once upon a time he would have then done something else with him over the weekend - maybe catch a movie, or building one of Ned’s Lego projects together. It didn't matter that his best friend didn't seem overly upset that Peter had other plans over the weekend (Peter was now certain that Ned and Michelle were together but considering he was keeping his own love life a tightly guarded secret, he couldn't exactly be upset that they were hiding theirs from him), but he still felt a little guilty for not making time. He swore that he would make more of an effort in the future but not this weekend. This weekend belonged to himself, Tony, and Bucky. And it was going to be  awesome.In the six months that they’d been together, Peter had done a lot of amazing things with his partners. He’d discovered that he shared Tony’s love of blow jobs and absolutely loved the feeling of a cock sitting heavy on his tongue while the recipient writhed and whimpered above him. It was even better when whoever he was sucking was being pushed deeper into his mouth by their other partner pounding into their arse. He’d been buried as deep as possible inside both his lovers, had had his orgasm squeezed from him by contracting muscles, had watched his release drip down their leg afterwards. He’d come by rutting against Tony fully clothed while watching Bucky jerk himself off, and they’d discovered that only Bucky’s hands were big enough to grab all three of their cocks at once (though the angle made it almost impossible anyway). He’d been on both ends of a dirty phone call, either by himself, fisting himself furiously in his bedroom, or at the Tower with one of his partners whilst the other was away, and he’d made enough videos of himself for his lovers that he knew exactly where the best place to position his phone was and what lighting made his cock look best. He’d licked, sucked, nuzzled, stroked, and thrust and at seventeen and two days old, had probably had more sex than most of his classmates put together. And yet there was  one  thing that he’d yet to do.For some obscure reason, both his lovers had been adamant that they wouldn't fuck Peter until he'd turned seventeen. He hadn’t been able to understand why they’d drawn the line at that - he’d had his tongue pushed as far up Bucky’s arse as it could go while his own fingers were buried deep inside himself so it seemed a little redundant to him if he was being honest, but they had stubbornly refused to budge. Peter had found himself on the cusp of arguing that it seemed a pointless distinction since seventeen may have been when he became ‘legal’ but given the age difference between himself and his two lovers, it wouldn't be technically legal for  them  until he turned eighteen. He’d been quick to zip his mouth shut whenever that urge came over him because he knew that instead of convincing them to just cross that line then and there and fuck him at sweet sixteen, it would likely just make them decide to wait until he’d turned eighteen instead. If Peter had to wait another whole year he was sure that he’d die.It wasn’t like he was completely inexperienced in the whole ‘having something shoved up his anus’ area anyway. Peter had a little velvet bag of toys that he’d purchased online that he had better hidden in his room than he’d ever hidden his Spider-Man suit. He used them often, usually when he was listening to Bucky whisper down the phone all the filthy things that he was going to do to him next time they met, or when he was watching a video that Tony had sent him of him jerking off in the workshop, making sure to spill himself all over Peter’s workspace. He had several sizes of dildos, the biggest of which was about the same size as his lover’s cocks, so he knew that he’d be able to take them easily. He might have  technically  been a virgin when it came to being on the bottom, but he wasn’t a wilting flower who would break at the first touch of a calloused hand.He hadn’t been happy about waiting, but he also wasn’t the sort to disregard his partners’ concerns and preferences, so he hadn’t whined  too  lou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
OT3
Established Relationship
Birthday Smut
Fluff and Smut
loving bucky
loving tony
They take care of our boy
The title is pointless now
Because PLOT happened
WTF plot?
Who invited you anyway?
BAMF Tony Stark
Prompt Fill
Paparazzi

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

