Chapter 1



Notes:
think of this as a challenge to see how nsfw i can make this. but i’m also I'm someone who's literally incapable of avoiding plot. this inadvertently became long so it is broken into three parts




Chapter Text
  
Part One: Lust, Caution
   There's nothing meticulously different about this, nothing special. In fact, it's common, cursory, and in a twisted sense, regular.It would start late in the dead of night, surrounded by her things of novels on every available surface along with fancy, expensive pens, tossed notebooks, and little stationaries crowding her desk's surfaces; of scarves and jackets free off hangers, tossed haphazardly atop the armchair in the corner near her window. Late nights like this would happen and the squeals of her bed springs, the ruffling from gripping of the comforter in her hands, and a slight snore in her sleep are the only noises besides a fan whirling on low volume. Late night like these would be accompanied by the unrefined arching of her spine, a wayward keen, a strained grunt, and then more mumbling as she drifts back to sleep, tossing over or bucking her hips slowly and lazy.In this room is Michelle's own space: the walls decorated accordingly with a wide painted canvas on one wall and the mess of dirty clothes in a hamper near the other; books and textbook strewn in one corner of the floor, her shoes toed off near her door. Everything here is hers, and she likes it that way; she grew up this way with her own things and her own space. She didn't have any experience any other way—no interest to either, really—in learning to share.Michelle's possessive, especially of what's hers.Persistent.Covetous.
Certain.
Objectively, she's found it interesting when the world stopped revolving around her and her third-grade-self realized the thought that others were just as important, and that she could become the center of someone else's world.That second part still sounds really funny to her ears; being the center of someone else's world sounds really obscured to her reclused outlook. It's the subject matter of books and fairytales and fiction. And if she were to be told a year ago that she would be hearing these words spoken about her, she wouldn't have believed it—she would have laughed.That's probably why her stomach flutters, twists and turns as she moves her hips forward—at the thought of belonging to someone else. And the thought, the pipe dream, turns into a fantasy in her mind.She isn't exactly sure how it started, but she's not necessarily complaining either.Nothing about this is special, except who it's with.It's pink lips being pressed against hers, of body heat radiated though both of their compressed chests, and the palpitations as a larger hand lowers to her thigh. And she likes this—she relinquishes in this, and wastes no time in grabbing a fistful of brown hair belonging to her admirer, earning a desired grunt. She shifts her posture to sit higher and dimly notices that somehow, suddenly, she's gone from leaning across the edge of Peter Parker's bed to being laid flat across a long wooden table. She doesn't notice it—doesn't quite register it—and she doesn't question it because he's flushed against her and sliding between her thighs that she boldly, graciously lifts one high in the air. He has to step bak for her to do so. His absence of heat is a thought in the far reaches of her mind as he returns and she smooches his face between her palms and kisses him again with the gander of a child. Keeping herself propped while leaning back across the wooden surface, Michelle begins rocking her hips into his again.The ghosting of Peter's hands slide up her sides underneath her clothes. His grip on her is firm and she can practically feel his guttural pants resonating in his chest and curling down her neck by a trail of chaste kisses. She cranes back, giving more access, and can swear that there's a series of quick kisses that are left just above her plunging neckline and then further down. A hand curls around the edge of the tabletop. Peter's holding her by by his hands around her middle. Michelle hums, feeling the increasing warmth of arousal pooling in her stomach, leaving behind faint tingles radiating from his hollow touch and then stronger sparks darting to her nether regions. He's close to her, trailing kisses back up her body from between her thighs. Restless, she bites on her bottom lip—she can feel his hands lowering, sliding over buttons and creases, her nails bite into the curve of skin peeking under his shirt sleeve of the one arm on her stomach, palm pressed flat, and she whines—oh god, does she whine—and immediately bites down on her lip again to keep her sounds hushed because she can feel his single hand leave her stomach to lifting up the pleated skirt of her dress—her nails biting tighter into his bicep, the same ones she'd been oogling days ago and she wonders if she should apologize—all of this arousal from kissing; how is she ever going to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Spideychelle
PeterMJ - Freeform
Peterchelle
Light Dom/sub
Dom/sub Undertones
dominant peter parker
Submissive Michelle
there was a poll and
and dom peter won out
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Consent
Fingerfucking
Oral Sex
this was a challenge to see how nsfw i could write
Slice of Life

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

