Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
From a purely engineering perspective, the ship was a beauty. A small part in Tony’s mind was desperate to pick everything apart and figure out exactly what it ran on. The more logical side of his brain was working overdrive to keep a panic attack at bay, and boy did this one feel like a doozy.
         Sweat dripped from his temples as he looked over to the blue woman (Nebula, his brain supplied. He’d heard it mentioned somewhere in the clusterfuck that had been Titan). She looked stoic and anxious at once.
         Perhaps she was still mourning this Gamora woman. The weird aliens had all been arguing over a mysterious person who may have died or maybe she hadn’t. Tony couldn’t remember all that well.
         All he could focus on was the series of really weird events that had landed him here. On a spaceship. In space. Probably lightyears away from anybody he could call a friend. Not like there were many of those in his life to begin with.
         And there was that panic attack he’d been trying so hard to push off.
         Tony fell to his knees with a gasp, hating his weakness.
         Nebula jerked her head around to look at him. She appeared concerned, but it was hard to tell with the black spots clouding Tony’s vision and the fact that she was also a cyborg. Robots always were difficult to read.
         “Hey,” She started toward him and the guards that surrounded them shot to attention.
         “Stand down, traitor.” Another alien, thankfully not the Squidward guy, shoved a glowy spear at the blue woman.
         She bared her teeth in response. “Can’t you see something is wrong?” She gestured toward Tony’s shaking form. “What would Thanos think if he knew he’d gone through all the trouble of bringing this human back with him only for him to die of neglect at his guards’ hands?”
         The guards shifted uneasily. The one who had spoken first clamped his mouth shut (Tony was going to call him Gorn since he kind of looked like the giant lizard man in that one Star Trek episode. God, he missed when Star Trek was a fantasy series to him and not a theory).
         Nebula wandered closer to Tony. She seemed unsure as to his condition and cautiously lifted one hand to press it to his back.
         “Are you hurt?” She asked, grimacing.
         Tony’s hands were clenching and unclenching, and he struggled to get his breathing under control. His mind was racing a million miles per second as he absorbed both his thoughts and the uncomfortable reality surrounding him. “Just dandy.” He managed, eyes squeezing shut.
         “I do not understand. What is wrong?” The blue woman grasped his arms and squeezed.
         “What do you care?” Tony shook his head. It was too much. His chest hurt where the arc reactor once sat.
         “I care because you might be my one ticket back out of this hellhole and you are not going to die on my watch.” Her voice was firm and offered no room for argument.
         Tony laughed. He was being used. This was familiar. This he could deal with. “What? Your weird friends aren’t coming to save you? They were a bit banged up back there, but the big guy was coming round right before we were swept up.”
         “They will think nothing of me while Gamora is still missing. They’re going to try and find her and bring her back. I mean nothing to them.” Nebula scowled again. “I was only convenient.”
         Tony cracked an eye open. His shivers were weakening, and he narrowed in on what Nebula was saying.
         “I know how that feels.”
         She regarded him coolly. “Yes, I suppose you would.”
         They were interrupted by Gorn again who shouted something at Nebula. Another guard, this one looking suspiciously like Alf, approached them. He (or maybe it was a she; Tony wasn’t familiar with alien genders yet) hauled Tony to his feet and began tugging him out of the makeshift cell.
         He could still hear Nebula shouting in the background but couldn’t focus on her words. The cell widened into a hallway that was all metallic angles and dark grease. Tony squinted. No, it wasn’t grease. The dark stains were blood and Tony felt his heart leap into his throat.
         He had a feeling that this had not been Thanos’s ship very long ago and he regretted to imagine what had happened to its original crew.
         Wanting to close his eyes, but not willing to give up a chance to memorize the layout, Tony forced himself to observe every corner and turn he was forced down. He watched for other members of Thanos’s bloodthirsty army and committed their faces to his memory. One day he was going to destroy each and every one of them. He knew it in his bones.
         Alf dragged Tony through one more doorway and it was clear that they had arrived at what served as the control center. Monitors flashed with symbols he couldn’t even begin to decipher, and panels and gear switches littered the room. A huge window located on the opposite wall to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Nebula
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Angst
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
I'm Sorry
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Spoilers
villain origin story
Villain Tony Stark
Thanos Stole Tony
everyone is concerned
The Guardians Are All Alive Because I Needed It for Plot Points
So Are the Avengers
Everyone Is Alive
Everyone Has Issues
Tony Stark Deserves Better
Stockholm Syndrome
Tony Takes His Daddy Issues To a Whole New Level
Torture
Non-Consensual Body Modification
BAMF Tony Stark
Psychological Torture
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Nebula
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Stephen Strange & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

