Chapter 1





Chapter Text
It started when yet another evil villain decided to attack New York. Peter was always happy to help when his city was in need, but he wished that sometimes the bad guys would give it a rest. Today’s bad guy looked particularly eccentric; wearing goggles that glowed purple, a long leather jacket that reached down to his ankles and carrying a bulky gun that shot lasers. “Come on, dude,” Peter groaned as he just missed getting hit by a glowing green laser shot from the evil guy’s seemingly home-made gun. “Can we wrap this up, I’ve got shit to do,” he whined as he propelled himself forward on a web and landed a solid kick in the guy’s chest, knocking him over.  “Language,” Tony chastised off-handily over the comms. “But nice shot, kid.” Tony had invited himself to this little battle when Karen called him, claiming that Peter was in over his head, which he wasn’t.“Thanks, Mr Stark,” Peter smiled at the praise as he attached himself to the side of a building.Tony zoomed passed him as he went to engage with the man. “How’s the NYPD doing with that perimeter, FRIDAY?”Peter heard the gentle Irish voice distantly through the comms. “They’ve successfully evacuated the area within a four-block radius, sir,” FRIDAY said.“Good,” Tony replied, closely dodging a laser blast from the man. “This guy is not giving up,” he grunted.With a flick of his wrist, Peter shot a strand of web to the tall building opposite them and swung from his perch. “What is that gun thing he’s got, by the way?” he asked, aiming a web at the man’s face, but missing.“No idea,” Tony grumbled as he shot repulsor blasts at the goggled man. “But it looks temperamental as hell.” As if on cue, the gun whirred loudly and shot several lasers in random directions. “Pete, look out!” Tony yelled, but peter didn’t have time to react before the laser grazed across the side of his torso. He let out a shout of pain and lost his grip on the building. Peter could barely register plummeting to the floor through the pain but was rudely awoken as he hit the floor with a painful smack. “Ouch,” Peter grumbled as he lay on the tarmac of the usually busy road. Was it an exaggeration to say that everything hurt? No. Well, probably yes, but to Peter in that moment, the pain was so consuming that he couldn’t tell which parts of him hurt. “Peter?!” That was Mr Stark. He could tell that much. But suddenly he was being roughly hauled into a nearly standing position. “You’re not Mr Stark,” Peter slurred as he dazedly focused his eyes on the purple glowing eyes of the man supporting him. “That’s right,” the hissed in Peter’s ear in a deep voice. “And Mr Stark will keep his distance unless he wants the kid’s brains blown out,” the evil man shouted. Peter saw Tony stop mid-flight as the laser gun was placed roughly at Peter’s temple. “Let the kid go, moron,” Tony demanded, raising his hand threateningly. “No thanks, I’ve got plans for this one.” The evil man re-positioned the barely conscious Peter and took one of his arms clamping what looked like a bulky digital watch on his wrist.“Stay back, Stark. I don’t want to have to kill this kid.”Peter weakly tried to fight the guy and pull the watch off himself, but he was too weak, and it wouldn’t budge. “Say goodbye to your kid, Stark,” The man laughed as he fiddled with the watch. “Have a nice trip, Peter!” “Mister Stark,” Peter called helplessly as he struggled, panicking at the man's knowledge of his true identity. “Hang in there, Pete,” Tony said, and Peter saw his repulsors beginning to charge, but before they fired, the man pressed the face of the watch in and Peter was consumed by an ominous green light.Peter could hear nothing but the blood rushing in his ears. He couldn’t tell whether his eyes were open or closed, but either way all he could see was the green light. He felt like he was falling through the air.Suddenly it all stopped. His legs found solid ground and the green light faded away to what he recognised as sunlight. The pain in his body came back at full force and his vision swirled before it could even properly focus. Then a loud noise. Like screeching brakes. And a flash of increased pain. Then darkness. ***“Calm down, the nurse said he’d be fine. You didn’t do the worst of the damage anyway, he was pretty banged up already when you hit him.” That voice. Peter definitely knew it, but it sounded distant.“Poor guy must’ve taken a proper beating.” That was a different voice, one that Peter, in the depths of his mind, associated with grumpy remarks and incessant nags. Slowly, Peter seemed to surface. He could feel numb pain now and could hear a loud beeping next to his head. He cautiously opened his eyes and cringed at the harsh lights. His reaction must have been visible because there was a loud scraping of chairs against lino floors and a hand placed cautiously on his arm. “Kid? Are you waking up, Kid?”  Peter opened his eyes once more, blinking a few times while they focused. Soon, the fuzzy
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Peter is a Little Shit
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

