Work Text:
 
“You can be rougher,” Bucky says. “If you want.”
They’re about four minutes post orgasm and Steve is still trying to figure out where his legs are. “Muh?”
Bucky, who is clearly very aware of where every one of his limbs is and by the sound of it has been for a while, sits up and swings his legs over the edge of the bed. It puts his back to Steve. “During sex. You can be rougher with me.”
“What?”
“People do that stuff,” Bucky says shortly, which doesn’t answer  anything. 
Steve struggles to roll the boulder of consciousness back up the steep slope of afterglow. Ten minutes ago Buck had been gasping into his fist as Steve blew him, and now he’s using a tone he only brings out when the neighbor’s Pekingese shits all over his tomato garden. “People do lots of stuff,” Steve tries. He rewinds the audio of the past several minutes. “You - want me to be rougher with you in bed?”
“That’s what I  just said,” Bucky says curtly.
Steve pushes himself up on his elbows. Buck’s clearly wound himself up about this, to get so unflinchingly snippy about it, and that means Steve needs to press. “What do you like about it?”
“Oh, for - don’t,” Bucky says. “Don’t make this some - some psychoanalysis  thing. I just - I want -” He breaks off. “It’s fine. Forget it.”
“I’m not making it some  psychoanalysis thing,  I’m asking you what you  want,” Steve says, pushing himself to sit up further. “I need more intel to go on here.”
Bucky looks back at him, so direct it becomes a challenge, a muscle in his jaw working. For a moment there Steve thinks he’s not going to say anything, but then Bucky looks down. “Hit me. Or - spank me or whatever. Be in charge more. Make me do what you want.”
“You already do what I want,” Steve says automatically, and Bucky makes a disgusted noise and turns away. “Wait,” Steve says, grabbing his wrist and overbalancing, flopping on his side in Bucky’s direction. “Hey - I’m saying yes. We can do whatever you want.”
“I know,” Bucky mutters, clearly not listening, pulling his wrist out of Steve’s grip.
“Buck,” Steve says, but Bucky’s already climbing to his feet.
“We need to get up,” he says over his shoulder, like he wasn’t the one to  start this - conversation, and leaves the room without saying anything else.
Steve flops back and sighs. He has a lot more sympathy for twenty-year-old-Bucky these days, who had largely been on the receiving end when  Steve was the one pulling this shit.
He pries himself out of bed and staggers after Bucky into the kitchen, where he’s already somehow put on a pair of sweatpants and started the kettle boiling. “You need to clean up,” Bucky tells him without looking up.
Steve glances at the clock. He’s got a fundraising dinner in fifty-seven minutes, which means he needs to be out of the house in fifteen. Of all the times Bucky could have brought this up - which, Steve thinks with a touch of wryness, is probably why Bucky chose it. Fucked him first, too, so Steve’d have to jump in the shower instead of trying to argue all through buttoning up his pants. Christ.
Steve crowds in from the side, so Bucky’ll see him coming, and wraps an arm around his shoulders from the back, kissing the top of his head. “I’ll be back around eleven. We’ll talk more then.”
Bucky flaps a hand at him. “Suit’s pressed, cufflinks on the dresser. Use the ones in the brown box.”
That’s a dismissal if Steve’s ever heard one. Well, if Buck wants breathing room Steve’s not gonna deny him. It’s not like Bucky doesn’t know a little time between isn’t enough to make Steve drop it.
Steve goes to the dinner. He spends the whole time thinking about Bucky, so nothing new, really. The flower arrangements on every table are lovely; Steve stares at them and turns his fork over in his hands and thinks. Does he want to hurt Bucky? Well, no, of course not. Put like that, of course not. But that’s not really what Buck was asking for.
Steve’s well aware that people get up to all sorts of things in the bedroom, from flogging each other to pretending to be farm animals; there had been a period of around two months or so in 2012 where he’d watched what felt like half the blue movies on the internet and, in retrospect, probably qualified for a masturbation addiction. A combination of a two-week-long mission and a moment of thunderbolt self-awareness had gotten him out of that cycle, at least, when he realized that the first thing he’d done when he got home was open his laptop and click on a video about a man and a woman inserting a variety of truly impressive vegetables into each other.
Between one thing and another he hasn’t really seen much porn since, but it’d been enough to show him quite a lot of… the human condition. He’s watched videos of men being slapped around, tied up, fucked hard; he’s seen plenty of what Bucky so delicately called  getting rough. 
Bucky’s seen some of those videos too, probably.
Steve thinks of how Peggy had fucked  him, laughing and sharp all at once, pulling his hair, scratching her nails 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
BDSM
In-scene negotiation
Spanking
Humiliation
Anal Sex
Mean Top Steve Rogers
Tactical Sex Grandpas
Accidentally Natural Dom Rogers: Service Tops Hate Him!
do not copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

