Work Text:
This was intense.It's not like Peter hadn't been in any fights like this before, it was almost like this was unfortunately the regular. Of course, Peter was basically known for stopping small crime, but he'd had his fair share of alien invasions and all.The Avengers were there almost immediately when the spaceship landed, ground forces taking on the minimal army while the others tried to get at the giant king that was easily the height of a two story building. The worst part was that this thing had overpowered literally everyone there, and the only way to try and get to it or defeat it was to interfere with the power source that was placed in the middle of the armor. The entity inside was large as well, and the sounds that came out of it make Peter want to vomit. The alien was shooting its large blast guns every which way, the power seemed to be a pink color and it reminded Peter of electricity. And of course, the team's two biggest assets weren't there to help. Thor was dealing with space things apparently and Vision had gotten severely damaged by some crackhead a half an hour earlier in the Avenger's initial attempt to stop the alien.It was a big fight, large blaster guns and combat and screaming all in one. In all honesty, Peter tried his hardest not to get distracted by the mind-blowing fight happening in front of him, instead watching worriedly as he kept being pushed back in his efforts to help. These were just his professional thoughts talking at the moment.Peter was in the air, trying to make his way through the various billows of smoke and back towards the big thing hurtling around the rest of the Avengers. They were pretty close in terms of taking the alien down, but it wasn't helping the surrounding area. They had been at this for a while now, and buildings and cars and whatnot were damaged heavily. Natasha, Peter and Captain had the job of getting people to safety, Tony's idea, and they'd completed it with ease. Peter had successfully not gotten injured yet, and he knew Tony would be upset if he did, and he didn't want that. Peter's eyes widened as he saw the alien take a step back and fire one of it's massive guns in the air. Peter could hear yelling from almost the entire team, and it was too overwhelming for Peter to concentrate. Reluctantly, he stayed back, despite wanting to help. After a few more blasts, he saw a small explosion near the power source. This didn't seem to phase the giant. However, one particular attack from Wanda eventually came, disturbing the alien immensely. He was angry now. Peter cursed. He could hear Tony yelling this time.Large sparks flew everywhere, one hitting Peter's shoulder and sending him hurtling through the air. He landed on the ground with a thud, groaning. He had failed already."You have a gash in your shoulder, Peter. It is healing right now," Karen said."Yeah, I can feel that, thanks Karen," the boy replied, gripping his shoulder and looking up towards the sky. More fire and discharge hurtled around him, and he did his best to crawl under a flipped car.The usual."I advise you stay on the g—""You good, kid?" Tony's voice was quick to come in, he sounded concerned. Peter wasn't surprised. Tony was always concerned.Peter hissed when his fingers found the ginger skin. "I'm good, Just a gash. On my shoulder. Don't worry! Do you need me to c—""No!" Tony yelled. "Stay there, please. We're almost done, don't want you getting hurt, holy shit!"Peter turned his head quickly towards the enemy, standing up and webbing the nearest building for higher leverage. "Is everything okay?""Yep," he heard Tony muster, "got'em right where I need him. Hang tight, please for God's sake don't go anywhere."Peter shook his head, crawling up the side of the building. From here he could see Captain and Black Widow on the ground, while Wanda worked her magic not far behind. It was restricting the alien, who was firing a new missile type pink energy from it's large hands. Rhodey and Tony were in the air, shooting at the head. The alien stumbled, and Hulk came in from behind, dragging at one of it's monstrous feet that was about the same size as the green monster himself. Peter swung closer. He needed to help, he just didn't know where. An arrow flew by, aimed at one of the power centers in the middle of the suited alien. It exploded immediately, but to no avail. The alien's head turned in Peter's direction, and the webbed boy tried to avert it's gaze quickly by getting lower to the ground. Clint was behind him.Thanks, Clint.Peter shook his head quickly, crawling back to where he was after a particularly large blast sounded behind him. "Are you sure, ah, there isn't anything I can do, Mr. Stark?""Kid, I told you no. Y'know what? I need Vision, where is he?""He's cracked," Rhodey came in, "Earlier. Something happened, he's gone.""Shit, we're gonna have to do this alone. Kid, stay there, please.""Yes sir," Peter replied quietly, watching from afar. There were more blows to the he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Hurt Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Oblivious Steve Rogers
Peter is trying his best
Steve doesn't understand
Cross-Posted on Wattpad
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst
Near Death Experiences
Angry Peter Parker
Angry Tony Stark
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Canon-Typical Violence
Fights
idk man
Oneshot
Iron Dad
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Teen Peter Parker
Father-Son Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

