Work Text:
“Your right hand is two keys down from C.” Tony tells May, sliding next to her on the piano bench.His hands fly lightly over the ivory, and she silently marvels as he plays a short melody.“Is there anything you can’t do?” she wonders, only somewhat joking. Tony snorts, lightly brushing the keys.“I can’t sing worth a damn.” he tells her wryly, and she bites her tongue to stop herself from saying that she’s heard him sing with Peter many times. He breaks her gaze, trailing his hands across the piano to find a chord.“My mother taught me.” he offers quietly, as though she needed to ask, as though it doesn’t mean the world that they’ve reached this point where he’s willing to share. Instead she nods.“Was she much good?” May questions, although she already knows the answer. Tony’s smile is worth it.“She was magnificent.” he says reverently, eyes shining. A pause. “I wish I was a talented as her, but alas. I’ll settle for good looks and charm.”May studies his hand placement, and Tony moves his aside so she can take his place.“Teach me the song you were playing.” she says, more of a demand then a request.Tony rolls his eyes, but she knows that he’s privately grateful for the distraction. His left hand’s been trembling for the past hour, and it hasn’t escaped her notice that everytime he places his fingers on the smooth, white keys that they’re steady.He places May’s fingers over the first chord, ghosting lightly over her hands to provide direction.It’s nice.Just them and the music. May’s clumsy attempts, Tony’s flawless examples.They’re both pretending like it’s an ordinary Sunday. Like Tony hasn’t been pacing the length of the compound since he woke up. Like he definitely hadn’t sent Peter to a nationally acclaimed physics camp in order to keep him away from the compound for the week. Like May definitely hadn’t taken the day off to offer Tony some form of silent support, some kind of backup.Tony definitely doesn’t need backup– at least, the kind of backup she can provide. He definitely can handle himself.Still, she’s seen the bags under his eyes. The rumpled clothes, the shaking hands.The blank look on his face, when he had told her that  all  the Avengers had been pardoned, and were returning to the compound.(He had been working on revising the accords for months, had fought brutally for their pardons. Had sacrificed days of sleep, had worked himself to the bone to bring them home.He hadn’t even thought about afterwards. That home meant himself.)But still, Tony doesn't need protection, especially from her. And yet…(The look on Tony's face, when she had broached the idea of stopping by the compound for the day. May can tell she spends too much time with him, because she has an armful of excuses at the ready. Tony doesn't call her on any of them.Instead, he looks relieved.)She hears a light buzzing sound, and Tony glances as his watch. They both already know what it means, but Tony’s sharp intake of breath still shakes her. May’s suddenly, infinitely glad that she took the day off.“They’re here.” Tony says, voice emotionless. He spins and pushes himself off the bench. For a moment he simply stands, and she can see his hands rapidly opening and closing, until he forces them still. He fishes sunglasses out of his pocket, taking a deep breath.May watches him make his way across the room. She wants, for a moment, to follow him. But this is his demon to face.“May.” he calls, turning at the door frame. He takes his sunglasses off, meeting her eyes. “Thank you. For being here.”He’s out the door before May can respond.  Summer announces itself in a gentle haze, and for the first time in a long time May finds that she’s enjoying, well, everything.She’s hesitantly cut down on hours at the hospital, since Tony’s starting siphoning money into her bank accounts.(It had been a constant source of arguments between them, quick and brutal. May didn’t want to be a charity. Tony just wanted to help.“Consider it alimony.” He’d joked dryly, when she’d finally relented and they had worked out the terms.)She still works, of course. She enjoys work at the hospital, however draining it may sometimes be. But now she’s working more reasonable hours, closer to what she worked before Ben died. She has more time with Peter, now, which she’s grateful for.Peter’s busier than a bee, even though school’s let out. Summer decathlon and a slew of other clubs that she can’t keep track of, plus whatever summer camp Tony’s willing to pay for. He’s thrilled to have more time to Spider-man, and May’s sure that the amount of time he spends at the tower or the compound is going to double.They keep up their weekly dinners– May, Peter, and Tony. Sometimes Pepper or Rhodey will join them– even Happy, on occasion. May likes the way it makes the apartment feel, when everyone’s there, snug but comfortable in her cramped living room, eating takeout and watching bad movies.It makes the house feel full, and she misses that.  tony (4:28): is there a reason y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & May Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Friendship
platonic co-parenting
Panic Attacks
Found Family
PTSD
Recovery
plot?? don't know her
Tony can't sleep
may learns piano
peter becomes an instagram star
ironfam is real and i love them
no compliant with infinity war
because this is my house

fandom: 
Tony Stark & May Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

