Chapter 1: Mistaken Coincidence
    




Chapter Text

47 Days to Change (a translation)
NOTE: This is a translation of a Chinese HP Fanfiction by Ink Emerald/墨玉绿. Also posted on Fanfiction.netI really like her story. It's a time travel fic done right. And her characterizations are fairly on point. Harry is tortured but sweet and Tom is deliciously evil. MUHAHAHA.Here's the link to the original story:Title: [HP]47天改造Author:墨玉绿Link: www.jjwxc.net/onebook.php?novelid=1888544Miss author (墨玉绿) wants to put a disclaimer out -- that her story is purely fictional, so please disregard all discrepancies from JKR's series and all historical inaccuracies. Due to her youthful inexperience... the views (regarding World War I/II, France, Britain and Germany) presented here may be highly inaccurate. She just wants to warn you in advance. So... no one go over to flame her, okay?WARNING: DUB-CON/NON-CON (in later chapters; see end of chapter note for details.)BETA: Paperthins 
 
Art work done by: the very talented Popuyund Check out her tumbler at http://nyakata166.tumblr.com/post/85502086159/another-fanfict-recomendation-gaes-i-found-it
December 31, 1926
It was late December. Naturally, the streets of London were blanketed with snow. The city, still shadowed by the horrors of World War I, presented itself like a weak, old man desperately clinging onto the last visage of its former imperial glory. Its citizens hurried about, pulling their coats against the winds, unwilling to dwell in empty streets. Newspapers fluttered in the cold air; the date on them read December 31, 1926.Today was the last day of the year 1926.On a street corner, a thin dark-haired young man clutched a device around his neck, a pained expression on his dazed face. The delicately crafted trinket resembled a small hourglass, embedded with silver rings that were engraved with unreadable letters. If any wizard happened to pass-by at this exact moment, he was sure they would have recognized the object.
A Time-Turner.
Although compared to the standard Ministry-issued Time-Turners, this particular device seemed much smaller, more intricate, and wrapped in a mysterious sort of silver glow.The young man stood in silence, watching as litters tumbled through the streets, until it came to a stop at the foot of a corroded limestone statue of the Virgin Mary.
This must be a mistake!
Icy winds swept through the young man's messy black hair, and its curly strands stuck on his round glasses, obscuring his eyes. The young man tightened his fists as he stared at the empty, unfamiliar streets. He felt lost.Who could he turn to... in this era that was not his own?"Your mission is to find his weakness," Hermione's words ringed in his head.The brilliant Muggle-born witch gazed at him, with the sort of reverence reserved for something precious. Something like their last hope, the last bit of light before complete darkness.Soon after Dumbledore's death, the Order of Phoenix had fallen. In three short years, the Dark had come into power. Voldemort returned triumphantly. The Light had lost.Every battle was a struggle of desperation. Their forces grew weaker by day; allies and friends disappeared one-by-one. Until one night, perhaps due to pity of the Heavens, Harry managed to read Voldemort's mind once in his sleep, and found a crack in the Dark Lord's memories– the man has a fatal weakness.
"Find his weakness."
That was Harry's mission. It seemed simple enough, but also impossible. Weakness? What weakness? Was it a person? A thing? A spell? A weakness seemed too vague of a clue to go on.After digging through every detail of Harry's vision, they finally found an entry point. 1946, Voldemort's twentieth birthday.Thus was the plan. The Time-turner was supposed to take him back to 1946.But... it made a mistake.Harry Potter frowned, and carefully considered his circumstances.Harry wasn't aware that from the moment he appeared in this deserted Muggle street, he had – inevitably, unintentionally – set off a chain of fated events. Fate had set rules. Things could change, but the end result would be no different. All Harry could do was to fight against its fateful currents, struggling in vain, hoping for a better outcome."Sir...sir," a weak voice called out.Harry brushed his bangs from his glasses and looked to the source of the voice.It came from a stumbling pregnant woman, her face as pale like the snow she had fallen into. She was weak, thin as a skeleton, with a fat tummy protruding from her bones. She could not support its weight as she fell over, clutching at a street lamp, begging for aid with despairing eyes."Madam!" Harry ran toward her. "What is the matter?"Her situation looked bad. The snow beneath her feet became quickly coloured by blood, alarmingly dark amongst the white snow.Harry stood by helplessly. He didn't dare to move her. He didn't know what to do."My child... my child," she whimpered. Her lips were dry and she could barely manage the strength to speak. "Take… Take 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Harry Potter/Voldemort

freeform: 
light!harry
Dark!Tom - Freeform
No light bashing
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Horror
Romance
Time Travel
Slow Burn
Dubious Consent
Rape/Non-con Elements

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tom Riddle
Harry Potter/Voldemort

