Work Text:
The first time it happens -- or, Steve realizes later, the first time he knows it's happened -- is after one of Sam's VA meetings. Steve is usually out late on those nights, sticking around after the meeting to get a cup of coffee or a drink with Sam, and it's after ten when he unlocks the door of his DC apartment.He flicks on the lights and pours himself a glass of water, and that's when it hits him that something is ... off.He can't put his finger on it. He prowls through the entire apartment, which doesn't take too long. It's a new place, somewhere without bad memories and bloodstains on the floor, a new address that isn't liberally sprinkled throughout the declassified SHIELD database like the old one. Not that he's truly gone to ground -- he has no illusions that anyone looking for him won't be able to find him easily -- but at least it feels a little less like he's still under SHIELD's long shadow. The new place is an open loft with a bedroom area and kitchenette, just one big room with few places to hide, and there's no evidence of intrusion that he can find. No trip wires. No HYDRA operatives hiding in the bathroom. His coffee cup from this morning is rinsed and neat in the drain rack, just like he left it. There's not a lot of clutter to hide signs of tampering. Steve isn't a person who collects clutter. He's not a person who collects things. Once upon a time he couldn't afford it, and then he moved around too much, and now that he could, theoretically, settle down, it's just too much of a habit. He'd acquired a pretty nice collection of vintage furniture at his other apartment, but he left it all there when he moved. His new apartment is a place to sleep, not a place he lives.A place to sleep ...He keeps coming back to the bed. Steve always fixes his bed neatly in the morning, tucking in the corners. Now it's rumpled. Not much. It's possible that he was in a hurry. Careless. But he's not sure how that corner got rucked up, how the blanket rumpled in that particular way, like someone's been lying on it.He checks the bed all over for booby traps; Natasha's taught him well. There's nothing he can find, so he sits on the bed for awhile. He doesn't tuck in the corner. * During the first few weeks after .... everything, Steve had managed to sleep in his own bed maybe one day out of five. He doesn't actually remember sleeping at all during that time, though he knows he must have. There were political fires to put out, compromised SHIELD agents to rescue, hotspots of HYDRA violence to subdue, and through it all, a constant thread of searching for someone who probably didn't want to be found and might not even be alive. Natasha helped him when she could, but she had her own wildfires to deal with, and he could tell that privately, though she wouldn't say so, she thought he was on a fool's errand. So he'd pored over files and security footage and old newspaper stories; he'd talked Stark and Pepper into the loan of a private jet to fly halfway around the world a dozen times in search of the most tenuous clues. But there was always something else: another message on his cell phone, another disaster somewhere else in the world. As much as he'd like Bucky to be his first priority, his only priority, it isn't fair to let the world go hang for the sake of one man. No matter how badly SHIELD failed him. How badly Steve failed him.But he's read every file that SHIELD has on Bucky -- the public ones (helped out by all the websites that had sprung up to dissect and collate the contents of the SHIELD data dump) and the other ones that Natasha keeps turning up for him. He is more aware than he wants to be of how heavily Natasha and Nick Fury redacted the data that was released to the public; he wishes he wasn't quite so suspicious that Nat's still not showing him everything. But if there are things she's still keeping from him, he wonders if he's better off not pushing too hard. What he already knows is bad enough. He's seen the cryotank that was Bucky's entire world for months and years at a time; he's seen the terrible room with its equipment and needles and the chair --He'd stayed in that room for a long while, touching the fabric of the restraints as if he could touch the wrists -- one flesh, one metal -- once bound in them. Natasha helped him destroy it all. Any benefit to humanity that could have come from the information contained in this equipment was more than offset by the horror of what it was meant for, and what it had done.
I would have come for you, if I had known.
 * But time goes on, and leads go cold. The world is starting to settle into its new order. Steve knows there are splinter groups of ex-SHIELD agents out there in the world -- knows, too, that Natasha is in touch with them, and that Fury is almost certainly running his own underground network in Europe. Natasha promises to bring him anything she turns up on Bucky -- the Winter Soldier, she still says, but that's not what Steve will ev
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Movie(s)
Hurt/Comfort
Healing
Sharing a Bed
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

