Work Text:
Steve never would have thought of himself as an adrenaline junkie before. Sure, he’s always gotten into fights and other sorts of trouble but he never felt the  high . He usually felt satisfied or even sometimes angry, but never the high he’d heard so much about.That was before the serum.Now, after every single battle he went into, he comes out unable to calm himself down. Not in a bad way, but the first time there was some panic when he couldn’t shake it. He’d jerked himself off six times and promptly passed out on his cot.It wears off on it’s own when he’s hurt, too. But with Bucky and the other Commandos watching his back that didn’t happen very often, if ever at all.Steve’s done a pretty damn good job hiding this from everyone else, sneaking away to pull himself off, with none the wiser. Until he and the Commandos are staying in a farmhouse with very thin walls. He’d brought himself off twice, biting into his fist so hard he’d drawn blood, when there’s a knock on his door.Steve freezes. One hand wrapped around his cock and unable to stop moving, pants down around his knees and uniform rucked up to his pecs. That was all he’d had the patience for when he collapsed on the bed. His boots were even still on. He doesn’t answer. Doesn’t know what the fuck he could say that wouldn’t come out as a groan.“Steve?” Bucky’s voice drifts through the door. “You in there?”Of course he’s in there. By some sort of miracle, there were enough rooms in the abandoned property for them to all get their own that night. The knob twists and Steve panics.“Don’t!”He was right, he couldn’t speak without groaning and his fist moves even faster despite the imminent threat of being caught. He must’ve sounded like he was in pain because Bucky completely ignores the order and busts in, looking ready for a fight.Steve clenches his eyes shut and tilts his head back against the pillows and feels the weight of Bucky’s gaze land on him. He hears the door shut but doesn’t look to see if Bucky had gone or stayed. Then the lock clicks.“Fuck,” Steve whimpers.“Steve,” Bucky says, quietly. Firmly. “Look at me.”Steve rips his eyes open and groans when he sees Bucky standing at the foot of the bed, eyes roaming all over his debauched form on the bed. Steve keeps looking at him as he rounds the bed and wraps his hand around Steve’s helping him to work faster.The moment Bucky touches him, Steve goes off like a shot, adding to the release he’s already covered in.He feels hands comb his sweaty hair out of his face and realizes he must have closed his eyes again at some point. He isn’t done. He can still feel it, the blood rushing throughout his body, making him flush from his hair to his chest, and going straight for his cock again. He squirms on the bed.“Why didn’t you tell me?” Bucky asks softly.Steve’s eyes fly open and finds Bucky much closer than he was expecting.“I didn’t - I didn’t want to put that on you,” he gasps, chest still heaving with ragged breaths.Before Bucky had left, they had been together. After Steve had found him, they’d were together again. But Steve hasn’t yet found it in him to tell Bucky about this particular affliction. This isn’t like his asthma or the flu he was so prone to getting. This is on the verge of humiliating and he didn’t want Bucky to feel responsible for this condition or make him feel pressured to help every single time. Because it’s a lot. Steve knows it’s a lot. He comes out aching and sore every single time.Bucky’s smile is wry and not at all surprised. He kisses Steve once, hard, on the mouth. Steve strains up to kiss him again but Bucky is gone, moving toward the end of the bed again.“Only you would think getting you off is a hardship,” he said and unlaces and removes Steve’s boots. “I mean, Jesus, look at you.”Steve feels his eyes on him like a physical touch. He knows what he looks like in this new body, in this uniform, half undressed and covered in come. It brings him once again to full hardness. Steve fists both his hand in the pillows above his head to keep from touching while he’s still too sensitive. Bucky’s eyes are transfixed to the way his muscles move under his skin when he stretches out. Then his fingers curl in the waistline of his pants and pull them down and off.“How many times you get off already?” Bucky asks.“Three,” Steve whispers, hand creeping toward his cock again. Bucky doesn’t move to stop him. Just moves further up the bed.“Sit up for me, doll, there we go,” he speaks softly and Steve knows it must have to do with how strung out he looks. His chest is still heaving with every breath and his eyes have gone glassy and Bucky’s hands on him, stripping him of the rest of his uniform were only making him worse. “How many times does it usually take?”“Six or seven,” Steve answers and starts jerking off again., hand magnetized to his cock. Bucky lets out a low whistle.“You know, I should be mad at you,” he says, “Coulda been unloadin; in me. Instead you’re out here wastin’ your co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
WWII
PWP
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Dirty Talk
Dirty Talking Bucky Barnes
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Come play
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
For this one at least
Established Relationship
4000 words of straight up sex
You're Welcome

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

