Chapter 1: Peter Meets Tony Stark on a Monday
    




Chapter Text

Chinese Translation
  Peter Parker tried not to hate Mondays.He always thought it was a little harsh to hate a whole day out of the week. Don’t get him wrong, Peter understood the universal distaste for Mondays. After spending two days sleeping in and not having to go to work or school, and then being forced to wake up early and expected to function, well sure, that could be unsettling.But Peter couldn’t get over the numbers.Mondays made up one seventh of his life. If he lived to be 84, he would have spent 12 years of just Mondays, and he couldn’t go about hating them just because they were inconvenient. Because if it wasn’t Monday getting hate, it would have been Tuesday or Wednesday or maybe even Thursday. Monday was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.And sure, maybe it was a little silly to feel such sympathy for a certain day of the week. Hell, to even put much thought at all into the notion was overdoing it, and personifying Monday definitely wasn’t helping his exhausted mental state. Peter was aware of all of this…and yet, all he could do was shake his head and frown when he read tweets carefully articulated by his peers, ones like “Fml monday sucksss”, or even worse, “realizing tomorrow is Monday” with a GIF of Dwight from The Office screaming.So, Peter tried not to hate Mondays. And, to be honest, he did alright for the most part. He went about making the most of them. He liked that he could get organized and write everything out for the upcoming week that he had to do and color-code his calendar accordingly.But this particular Monday…Peter didn’t stand a chance.He had two tests, one in math, the other in English, and a quiz in chemistry, which he did not prepare enough for. His regular study hall teacher was MIA, and the sub, Mrs. Meyer, actually made him do work, and definitely didn’t let Peter take a nap with his head against his desk. Maybe it wouldn’t have been so bad if he had gotten more sleep the night before. He was thinking about that when the final bell rang, making a mental note to research insomnia more deeply, but mostly, looking forward to going home and nuzzling under his covers, where he would finally be able to close his eyes and shut down for a little while. He was so sick of the school’s fluorescent lights; Peter couldn’t wait to be in the darkness of his room.“Peter?” A hand grazed his shoulder, causing Peter to turn around.“Oh, hey.” Despite his exhaustive state, he didn’t have to fake a smile for his best friend. Ned gestured to the side and they scooted by the lockers to avoid blocking traffic from antsy students shuffling to escape the building.“You’re not leaving, are you?” Ned asked, eyebrows furrowed.“Yeah, I was…oh, no.” He groaned. Decathlon practice. Peter got the email for the reschedule during first period, but he was too tired to remember the date change. “I completely forgot.”“I covered for you last time! Peter, you cannot bail again.”He tried to think up some excuse that could get him out of going, anything he could tell Ned that would allow him to sleep as soon as possible without having his best friend mad at him. And then he sighed in defeat and followed Ned to the gym. As much as he wanted to, he really couldn’t skip a second practice in a row. Peter loved Decathlon. He liked knowing random facts he could mull over or bring into conversations. He enjoyed pushing himself, but there was a point when it became more self-destructive than anything. As Peter trudged home an hour and a half later, he feared he was nearing that line. *When Peter finally made it to his apartment (which took him about six years to get there), he whipped out his key and unlocked the door. He had mentally planned to get a glass of water and head straight for his bed, but as he turned for the kitchen, he noticed something that made him freeze.There, perched on his couch, was a man.“Oh.” Peter said without meaning to. His first instinct was to wonder if this man was a robber, but a quick glance at his expensive-looking suit answered his question for him. Tan skin, dark chocolate eyes, and brown, slightly rough-edged styled hair were his first impressions of the stranger.“Peter?” The man made a casual hand gesture towards him. “Of course, you must be Peter.”There were some people, Peter believed, who had the ability to make him uncomfortable through eye contact. No, that wasn’t right. There were some people who could see into other people. One look and damn, they knew everything you were thinking or feeling. He had only stumbled upon it a few times and he didn’t come close to understanding it, but he was certain this man possessed the ability.    “Uh, yeah.” Peter fumbled awkwardly, beginning to raise his hand to offer it out to shake before quickly deciding against it and folding his arms over his chest instead. Smooth, Parker. He shook off the familiar voice. "I'm Peter.” Fuck, the man already said that. Peter watch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Mary Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Age Difference
Underage Drinking
Jealous Tony Stark
Innocent Peter
Loss of Virginity
Statutory Rape
Possessive Behavior
Emotional Manipulation
Jealousy
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Moral Ambiguity
Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov References
Daddy Kink
Subspace

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Mary Parker/Tony Stark

