Chapter 1: Prologue
    


Notes:
Ayy, the prologue's really short, but the rest of it isn't




Chapter Text
 

- 2022

 
 

The hotel room was thin-walled and dingy, the slightly squeaky and rusted fan in the corner succeeding only in pushing the hot, stuffy air around a bit. I sighed deeply, pushing lungfuls of air into the room. 

 

I’m not a fan of missions like these, with horrid environments and stupid, creepy, slightly derelict locations. They make me jumpy. 

 

I heard a distant thud and the tinkling sound of breaking glass and was spinning to press my back against the wall before I’d even strung two thoughts together about what it could mean. 

 

There was a second crash, louder this time. 

 

As a figure fell straight through the window into the room with a muffled curse. 

 

I lifted my gun, pointing it towards the minefield of shattered fragments, and kicked the small coffee table out of the way. 

 

Only to stare down at an awfully familiar face, which split into a somewhat lopsided grin. The intruder raised his hands in a mocking surrender. “Long time no see, dude.”

 

I lowered the gun. “What the 

fuck 

are you doing in South Peru?”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Clint Barton & Percy Jackson
Percy Jackson & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Clint Barton & Percy Jackson & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson

freeform: 
the timeline is screwed to hell
demigod powers kick in in their twenties
clint is so young
Like
vaguely
Phil Coulson: Ace Recruiter
Nat is honestly so suspicious
Not graphic depictions of violence
but also like possibly
Year by year
POV First Person
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pre-Canon
percy literally shows up to mess with MCU canon
Be Nice to Clint Barton
Canon-Typical Violence
does this count as
Childhood Friends
Spies & Secret Agents
Angst
full disclaimer: we haven't seen agents of shield at all
and we've barely read toa
Complete
just to be clear this is an incredibly self-indulgent crossover
Goode High School (Percy Jackson)

fandom: 
Clint Barton & Percy Jackson
Percy Jackson & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Clint Barton & Percy Jackson & Natasha Romanov (Marvel)
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
Annabeth Chase/Percy Jackson

