Chapter 1: yo ho yo ho a pirate's life for me
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The boat they’re in is only half full, because Magic Kingdom closes in forty five minutes and most people who wanted to ride Pirates of the Caribbean have done it already. Everyone but Peter and Tony, in fact, had absolutely no interest in going on the ride—May and Happy were sharing a bag of churros, MJ and Ned were waiting in line for Dole Whip, and Pepper had ominously turned the offer down, reminding Tony that she got stuck on Pirates when she was young.So when the boat comes to an abrupt halt, Peter tries not to read too much into it. They drift a little back and forth but stay in one spot, not moving forward solidly like they had been a moment before. They’re in a room that’s a town on fire, all the pirates drinking and singing the “Yo ho yo ho a pirate’s life for me” song over and over again. The boat in front of them is also stopped, but under the bridge that’s ahead.Tony hums to himself and looks around. “Is this part of it?” Peter asks, following his gaze. “Stopping?”“Uh, well, this thing is a million years old,” Tony says, facing forward again. There’s a small frown line appearing between his eyes but he smiles when he looks down at Peter. “They tend to start and stop a lot, part of the…charm…” He clears his throat and sinks down a little bit. “It’s fine. Completely fine.”“Yeah, I’m sure,” Peter says, sinking down a little bit too so he and Tony are shoulder to shoulder. “Disney is like, a multibillion dollar company, I’m sure they have fail safes when the rides malfunction.”“You’d be surprised how many multibillion dollar companies are run like your local Target,” Tony says.
Yo ho yo ho a pirate’s life for me.
“But either way,” Tony continues, waving his hand through the air. “It’s totally not malfunctioning, it’s just…it is what it is, it’s fine.”“It’s fine,” Peter repeats. They’re the only two in the last row and there’s one three person family in front of them, a young couple, and a father and son dressed like Goofy and Pluto. Peter keeps trying not to burp up the three giant hot dogs he ate all on his own, and he still has part of his pretzel shoved in his pocket. “What’s been your favorite so far?” Tony asks. “Remember, if you’re disappointed in anything we’ve still got three more days to make it right.”Peter grins at him, shaking his head. “Mr. Stark, I’m not—I’m not disappointed in anything, it’s been awesome!”Peter came back from the dead three months ago. The remaining heroes got together, their shared anger and loss fueling them, and they solved an unsolvable problem. They set the world right, they killed the big crazy purple guy, and brought everybody back. Peter doesn’t like to think about what happened, where he was—because he wasn’t anywhere. He doesn’t know if he was dead, because he was just gone, no cloudy place, no reuniting with Ben and his parents. Just nothing. A big old blank spot that chills his bones and wakes him up at night. The kind of terror he didn’t think he’d ever know. A few moments after he came back he broke down, trembled and shook so hard that Tony could barely hold him, could barely get him to focus, could barely bring him back even though he’d already brought him back, physically.Being dead can really mess a guy up.So when things started to get back to normal, Tony planned a trip to Disney World. One they’d wanted to take before the world ended but never got around to, but as soon as things were settled, he planned it and made sure it happened. Peter had never been to Disney, and even though he figured he was getting to be a little old for it, he still wanted to go. Tony wanted to do something nice, something fun, something normal. He’s been hanging on Peter’s every word, making sure he’s present at every important event, and nowadays Tony considers a school day an important event. Peter can’t say he’s bothered by any of it—it makes him feel safer to have Tony around, he’s getting to do a lot of fun shit, and he’s hanging out with the Avengers more than he ever expected to in his entire life. And he never expected to hang out with them at all, so playing Mario Kart with Captain America and Black Widow every Tuesday is really, really cool.Everything Tony’s been doing has been keeping Peter’s mind off what happened, which he knows is the point. And it’s exactly what he needs, because when his mind starts to wander, he starts to fall back into that moment. Before there were no more moments at all.
Yo ho yo ho a pirate’s life for me
“You sure?” Tony asks, nudging into him a little bit. “Definitely,” Peter says. “I loved Splash Mountain, I loved how much Ned screamed on Splash Mountain—”“And how embarrassed he was afterwards,” Tony says, chuckling. “I’ve heard a lot of people shriek, but that—”“It was great,” Peter says, smiling.
Yo ho yo ho a pirate’s life for me
Tony huffs, looking around. “This has been—a good amount of tim
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

