Chapter 1: first iterations
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Stephen dropped the book he’d been holding in one hand when a scream ripped through the still air of the Sanctum. Wong’s sandwich hit the plate, and both of their heads snapped up at the same time.“Always at lunchtime,” Wong murmured, just out of earshot as Stephen was already out of his chair and running—the cloak following after.The lights in the artifact room winked in and out, shuddering with the weight of the disturbance in the center of the room. Stephen felt the cloak clasp onto his shoulders at the same time Wong skidded to a halt beside him, shields already raised.The distortion shuddered at the edges like an open, throbbing wound in space. This was no portal conjured by a sling ring, or any spell that Stephen knew—and glancing sideways at his companion confirmed that it wasn’t something that Wong recognized either. The disturbance swirled outward from the center, and widened just enough for a figure to come stumbling out of it. Whoever—whatever—it was, it was human enough in stature—though it appeared to be covered in armor that had been chipped away through battle. More interestingly, one arm was adorned by a golden, beaten gauntlet, set with six colorful stones whose light seemed to burn into him. One in particular turned his stomach at the very sight of it. The green stone set at the thumb of the gauntlet was, without a sliver of doubt, the same stone set into the Eye of Agamotto. Glowing as if burning.Something was horribly wrong.The figure collapsed in the center of the hall, trailing either steam or smoke (likely the latter from the smell of burning hair) as he tumbled from his knees to flat on his face. Regardless, Wong’s shields didn’t waver. The newcomer was still alive, by the tremors in his arms. And after only a moment, the arm with the gauntlet attached rose just enough to act as leverage to pull the figure’s face from the floor.A face that, though bloody and bruised, was unmistakable. What in all the realms was Tony Stark doing in the Sanctum Sanctorum, and with all of the Infinity Stones?Stephen and Wong stood, blankly staring and still across the room.Tony’s eyes tried to focus twice, and blinking only brought tears to cling to his lashes. Finally, after agonizing seconds, his mouth opened and he heaved in a breath.“Help,” was all he could manage.Stephen broke formation first. He came to the ground just in time to keep Tony from planting his face in the floorboards a second time, a hand gripping firmly at Tony’s arm.“Stark,” Stephen grumbled, brows lowering into somewhere between annoyance and concern. “My name is Stephen Strange, I’m a doctor. Tell me what happened, and,” he added with a grunt as he helped Tony to his feet, “we can talk about the Infinity Stones later.”Tony complied with the movement, but against a loud groan and the nearly audible gritting of his teeth. “Jesus, I know you’re a doctor, Strange. Why d’you think I—”The fingers on the gauntlet clamped suddenly into a fist, and the time stone blazed to life in its setting. The clock in the far hall began to chime, striking two.“Oh, shit,” Tony moaned. He clamped his eyes shut, and with a shout of pain and a flash of green light, he was gone again. His hands empty, Stephen pitched forward—and would have hit the ground if not for the cloak’s quick reaction.Wong had come to his side by the time Stephen had regained his footing and his dignity, and his shields bled away as they listened and waited for any sign that this was an isolated incident.“Wong,” Stephen said after a drawn-out moment. “Tell me I didn’t just imagine one of the Avengers appearing in the Sanctum.”“If you did,” Wong answered, dropping his shoulders into a shrug, “then so did I.” His gaze was deadly serious when their eyes met again. “You saw the stones?”“All of them,” Stephen growled. His fingers pressed worriedly to the Eye, but even without looking he knew that the stone was still inside. “What the hell was that?”“Not good,” Wong answered vaguely, and he turned back to where he had left his sandwich (just missing the pronounced rolling of Stephen’s eyes). “And I have a feeling,” he said over one shoulder, “this won’t be the last time we see Mister Stark.”Stephen sighed loudly through his nose, and the collar of the cloak rustled away from his impatient breath.After battling through an agonizing half-hour phone call with Stark’s head of security, a man who sounded decidedly not happy to have someone questioning Mister Stark’s whereabouts, Stephen was reassured for the third time that the man in question wasn’t out defending the Earth at the moment. He was in absolutely no danger from the mojito he was drinking on the beach with his fiancee in Bali.And he had nearly gone through the motions to open the Eye and turn back time just a little bit—just to get more information out of Stark before he disappeared—when he could almost literall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Temporary Character Death
Hurt/Comfort
Not Actually Unrequited Love
kinda alternate Infinity War
definitely alternate Avengers 4
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark has PTSD
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

