Chapter 1: Principia Mathematica
    




Chapter Text

Hi,
Sorry.
I told you I had issues.
Anyways, I needed the money.
But you can have this back.
-Parker
Tony stared down at the letter, feeling a strange mixture between amusement and indignation. He shook the large envelope that the note had come with, and his wallet flopped onto the counter. All his credit cards were still there. His ID, business cards and membership cards. But the wad of cash he usually carried around had disappeared. It hadn’t even been a lot that day, Tony mused. Maybe a few hundred dollars. Usually he carried more. Bad luck for the kid.He sifted through his wallet again to double check – wait ... Goddamn, fucking kid took his coupon for a free coffee.Tony had immediately blocked the credit cards after they had been stolen, of course. But even so, the kid hadn’t tried to use them. He probably knew credit cards were too easy to trace. Smart.But then again, Tony already knew that the kid was smart.***It had been two weeks prior to this that Tony received the first letter. A letter that had made him feel similarly torn between indignation and amusement. The letter had been signed by some dude named ‘Parker’, who informed him that he had read Tony’s books on commercial technology at the library that week, and proceeded to pick apart several of his explanations, and point out how the Stark tech could have been improved, even providing some calculations and lines of code. He had used the words ‘no offense’ several times in his letter, but Tony had actually felt a little offended, thankyouverymuch. He was also intrigued, however. Although the books were by now a few years old, and Tony had already found and fixed most of the mentioned flaws, he was still impressed by detailed and complete analyses that this random guy had made.Parker had given him very little to go on. No returning address, no last name. But Tony liked a challenge, and he wanted to find this man. So he tried to trace him by using the one piece of information he did have: Parker had taken the books from the library. And so he asked FRIDAY to give him a list of every person with first name ‘Parker’ who had taken out his books from a public library in the past week......and came up with zero results.This had thrown him for a while. But he quickly realized his mistake: Parker hadn’t taken the books from the library. His letter clearly stated that he had read them at the library.And that’s why, the next day, he strolled up to the counter in the one library where, according to his data, his books hadn’t been lent out to anyone in a whole two weeks. The Forest Hills Library in Queens.“Mr. Stark.” The young lady behind the counter greeted him with a nod, before returning to her computer screen. She didn’t say his name in the breathless sort of way most people usually did. She said it rather matter-of-factly, and entirely too unimpressed to Tony’s liking.
He leant onto the counter, sliding his sunglasses down his nose a little and eyeing her name-tag. “Hi there... Melissa. Come here often?”
Melissa glanced up at him, unfazed. “Can I help you?”
Tony cleared his throat, reminded himself why he was actually here, and pushed his sunglasses back up. “Could you, ehm.. point me in the direction of my books?”
Melissa quirked an eyebrow at him.
“I need to know who has been reading them, recently,” Tony felt obliged to explain. Christ, the woman made him feel like a schoolboy. And she was younger than him.
“You came at the right moment, then.” She replied. “Just make your way over to the youth section.”
“The youth... the youth section?” Tony echoed. His outrage must have been clearly visible on his face, because Melissa actually cracked a smile. “Don’t worry. It’s not where we usually keep them. But there’s this kid who likes to come here. Like, a lot. And he prefers to sit there. Comfortable seats, I suppose. I’ve seen him go through all three of your books last week.”
Tony blinked at her. “And he’s a kid, is he?”
“Yeah. About fourteen? He reads stuff like that all the time. Moved on to ‘Principia Mathematica’ by now. Must be smart.”
Must be.. Tony nodded at her in acknowledgement, then turned to find the bloody youth section.He quickly spotted the kid. Although, to be fair, the boy had clearly tried his best to become invisible. Folded up in a large armchair in a corner somewhere, a baggy hoodie, head ducked between his shoulders, silently engulfed in the freaking ‘Principia Mathematica’. The kid didn’t look up as Tony approached, pouring through the pages as though it was some sort of sensational fantasy novel.
Tony halted a few feet away from him. “Parker?”
The boy’s head jerked up and he looked at Tony, staring him square in the face for a few second, before dropping the book to the floor. “Holy SHIT!”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
There is no May Parker and Ben Parker is OOC
Parent Pepper Potts
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Don't copy to another site
Homeless Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

