Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The sudden blue light surprises Connor as much as anybody else in the room, he has no time to stay there surprised, and he assesses the situation immediately, after scanning the blue plasmic like floating entity, which was radiating a cold blinding light. He detects the temperature to decrease from a healthy 25 degrees Celsius down to a freezing negative 5 degrees.Although he can work under these conditions, it is not optimal. The stillness of the alien light only lasts another second, when the stability rates of the light go haywire.
PROBABILITY OF SURVIVAL: ???

 OPTIMAL PRIORITY: PREVENT_HUMAN_CASUALTIES
Connor shoves the two other people in the room out the door, before attempting to follow himself. Despite his efforts, both he and the Lieutenant are caught in the blinding light when it blows, in a plasmic blast pattern.
DETECTED: POWER_RECEPTORS_OVERLOADED_REDIRECTING_PRIORITY_POWER_USAGE_TOWARDS_PRIMARY_POWER_STORAGE_UNIT
His power unit already had enough to keep Connor online and working for another 180 years, at the minimum, and that was if he was functioning at full capacity for the entire time, the more added energy would just add years to that number alone.
INITIATE: SHUTDOWN_RECOMMENDED
His systems went offline.When his primary power modules and systems came back online, Connor detected an unsavoury smell to the average human, and his nerve functions noticed a warmth radiating near him, to the left.Connors vision came back online and saw that it was just Hank, and him, alone. Nothing was familiar and his GPS couldn’t recognise a signal that was usually used by Cyberlife for the most efficient compatibility, and instead runs into a bunch of servers that are slow, and not optimal. They could work, for now, so he connects himself.He hears a soft wheeze, and Connor realises Hank’s gaining consciousness, and probably beginning to wonder about the situation, and for one of the first times ever, Connor doesn’t know what’s happening. Around them is an old warehouse, and the stench of sea salt plagues them.“I can recognise the brand of shipping containers stored in this warehouse as a New York orientated shipping company, but this particular company had stopped production in 2022,” Connor says, in his usual non-threatening voice.Hank nods at him and squints.“Can you get anything from local servers?” Hank asks him, not sparing Connor a glance. Connor blinks a few times before getting to the task right away, almost wondering why that hadn’t been the first thing he’d done.“Local services and online search engines say that it is currently in the middle of the year the year 2015. Our best plan is to imitate as normal civilians and earn wages. With that, we can purchase the equipment needed so that I can produce the technology needed to return us.” Connor dutifully reports back to Hank, and he groans in frustration.“2015? What the fuck?!” He says something under his breath, which Connor wisely ignores. “Can’t you just hack and get us some property, and wire digital money or something?” Hank requests. He’s not in the mood for this right now.Connor opens his mouth to explain how it's not how it's done, but there is a possible way of fraud with only a 17% chance of detection. Connor decides not to ask for Hank’s opinion and wires them a house nearby.It’s in downtown New York, and he’s had the Landlord believe they’ve paid for rent for the next six months, by wiring money from a taxation office, making somebody believe that there has just been an error in calculations, and they had actually collected less than they believed.The landlord turned out to be a landlady, as she meets them at the front of the townhouse apartment. It looks old, and by the way that Hank’s nose crinkles it doesn’t smell that great either. It looked like it hadn’t been occupied in a few years, probably due to the fact it's on the bad side of town.If she noticed the LED on Connor’s temple, she didn’t comment. She hands Hank the key and asks for their names.“You’ll have to sign here, and here,” she points to the bottom. “And confirm your details here,” she gestures to the top section of the paper. “I’ll come by tomorrow, if that’s okay, sometime around three, to see your passports and identification.”Connor nods, with a calm face on, not showing any panic or discomfort at all. He signs the papers as Connor… Anderson. He smiles and thanks her, before closing the door.He finally gets a look around, whoever had lived here last was probably like eighty years old, shown by the furniture which was intricately hand carved out of a dark oak. There was a crucifix hanging above the inside of the front door, showing a catholic nature to the home. The walls were lined with empty photo-frames and a off-white paint.Upstairs, the larger bedroom had been claimed by Hank, so that left Connor in the other bedroom, which had been stylised into an office space, but had a couch pushed against one wall.Connor pulls out a computer he had b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hank Anderson & Connor
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Gwen Stacy & Tony Stark
Gwen Stacy & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Connor (Detroit: Become Human)
Tony Stark & Connor (Detroit: Become Human)

freeform: 
Parent Tony Stark
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Father-Son Relationship
Oblivious Tony Stark
Connor Deserves Happiness
Adorable Connor
No Smut
Spoilers
Don't Like Don't Read
Crossover
Dad Hank
dank???
Connor becoming deviant
Confusion
probably no romance
suspicious tony stark
Connor Needs A Hug
Hank needs a Hug
english isn't my first language
oof
How Do I Tag
I Don't Even Know
Gravity Falls References
Young Justice references
Avengers Crossover
detroit: become human crossover
Mentions of Amanda
mentions of deviancy
Character Death
Peter Needs a Hug
What happened to Sumo
D: B H
Connor is very confused
Soon to be deviant
android having a crisis
Italian Peter Parker
Italian Tony Stark
(sort of)
Self-Harm
Its only one chapter though for the Self Harm
Eating Disorders
not really - Freeform
Can androids have eating disorders?
I don't know
English is hard...
oh well

fandom: 
Hank Anderson & Connor
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Gwen Stacy & Tony Stark
Gwen Stacy & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Connor (Detroit: Become Human)
Tony Stark & Connor (Detroit: Become Human)

