Work Text:
He’s all too familiar with the feeling of falling. It’s quiet, just an echo of the darkness laughing, and even if there were anyone around him they would merely blink and miss it.His thumb runs circles around the edge of the arc reactor in his chest. The unconscious gesture brings but small comfort to him, but it’s something, something to ground him. Counting his breaths has never consistently worked for him. As much as he spurns physical contact with sarcasm ready on his tongue, he’s a tactile person. He needs to touch things in the midst of episodes like this so he doesn’t keep falling, so he doesn’t lose sight of the tangible world, so he doesn’t forget.The arc reactor sends minute vibrations through his hypersensitive fingertips. He counts the ever so slight pulse after every tenth vibration. Next, he lays his other hand on the counter before him. The contrast of the coolness of the granite knocks a wave of relief through him so strong his knees start to tremble. Some part of him is aware how white his knuckles grow, gripping the edge of the counter for support.Now he seeks the sounds around him. The uneven gurgle of the coffee maker, the most insistent sound in his environment. The low whine of the refrigerator. The hum of the light above him. The erratic gallop of his own heart.Finally, he blinks and lifts his head the smallest fraction of an inch. Sight. Reflections of the toaster and the styrofoam cup he dropped on its side. The moonbeam pouring in at an angle. And a new disturbance in the light: a shadow across his path.Tony knows it’s Peter without having to look up. Logic tells him so a beat later, but it was instinct that first convinced him.“Can’t sleep?” he asks casually, picking up the styrofoam cup again and placing it in the coffeemaker. He can taste the irony of his own question.It takes a strangely long moment for Peter to reply. Though it’s not more than a second and a half, the hesitation is rare enough for the hyperverbal teenager that Tony frowns to himself at it. Peter’s voice, however, seems steady. “Not tired,” he says, and it sounds like the truth. “Thought of getting a drink.”Somehow, Tony wonders if the spidey senses had anything to do with this ill-timed visit.“Early day tomorrow,” he reminds the kid, busying his hands with the sugar and cream. “Don’t stay up too late.”A pause. Then, after a sly silence: “O-oh, were you talking to me, Mr. Stark?”His heart’s still racing under the flimsy veil of his skin. Tony turns around. Crosses his arms over his chest, sips the burning coffee without even a flinch. Schools his face into a scowl. “Nuh-uh, now don’t think that just because you’re having the first sleepover of your life in the compound, you can go dethroning the sass master. I’m the adult here. I can drink coffee at one in the morning. You, on the other hand, can take your cute Avengers pajamas and run along to bed.”Peter opens his mouth as if to sass him back, but then glances down at his Avengers sleeping pants and shuts his mouth again.“I’ve had sleepovers before,” Peter finally manages to squeak out.“I’m going to pretend we didn’t just have a discussion about your track record for sleepovers.”“You should head to bed too, Mr. Stark.”“Nope,” says Tony, popping his p. “I just made coffee. Does it look like I’m going to sleep? There’s this bunch of updates I’ve been rolling around my head, maybe even a couple of tweaks to your suit, too, if you can promise me you won’t ever make Karen hang up on me again because I swear, kid--”“Coffee’s bad for your anxiety,” Peter interrupts him quietly.“I’m--what?”The way Peter sets his mouth so firmly then distinctly reminds Tony of a shiba inu preparing to have a staredown, but he’s suddenly unable to scoff when he glances down and catches sight of how the kid’s fists are starting to clench at his sides.“Mr. Stark, I’m just saying, if you want your heart rate to go down, caffeine really, really isn’t the way to go.”Tony wants to argue, but as if on cue, the pain that has been lurking just behind his ribs all along jabs at him full force. His chest tightens and he folds forward with a gasp, just barely able to keep himself standing with his palms braced against his knees.He’s not here.Falling.He’s not here.Hurtling against the wind with such brute force that he can almost feel the air slice through his iron mask. Eyes blinking, tears burning, alarms blaring in his ears and his head.The speck of black in the distance plummeting with all too much certainty toward the hard, hard ground.Someone screaming. There’s screaming. But he never screams when the fear hits because it always punches him square in the throat enough to stop his breathing.Rhodey.There’s still screaming.Rhodey.The scream goes silent and the alarm in his ears cuts to a black that strips him completely.Rhodey. He’s not here.Like every bad dream, every night terror, every panic attack that dares bleed into a second of a flashback, the memory doesn’t quite get to the par
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Implied Reference to Skip Westcott
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

