Work Text:
Steve wiped sweat out of his eyes. His hair was falling in his face, distracting him, and he narrowly missed a swing from Bucky’s metal arm. “You’re getting slow, grandpa,” Bucky teased, sidestepping a kick. “You got lucky,” Steve replied lamely. Bucky laughed and delivered a blow that landed Steve on his back. He rolled out of the way just in time to miss Bucky’s fist slam onto the wrestling mat. He didn’t manage to miss Bucky’s knee on his back, though, and he was effectively pinned on his stomach. Bucky counted off quickly, claiming his victory. “Like I said,” he taunted. “You’re getting slow.” He punctuated the last words with a nip to Steve’s ear. Steve stiffened at the contact, twisting to throw Bucky off. Bucky simply shifted so that he was straddling Steve’s back. “Mmm, I love when you squirm under me, Steve. Reminds me of the good old days.” Steve growled and with a shove, rolled Bucky off him. Bucky grinned at Steve as he hit the floor, then swept Steve’s legs out from under him when he stood. When Steve hit the mat hard on his shoulder, his breath left him with an audible “oof”. Bucky was on him again in seconds, wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist. They rolled together, ending up with Bucky flat on his back and Steve’s hands wrapped firmly around Bucky’s wrists. Steve’s hair fell in his eyes again and he angrily flicked it away. “Your hair is stupid,” Bucky jabbed half-heartedly, his eyes never leaving Steve’s. “My hair is stupid?” Steve demanded. “What about you with your long, pretty hair? I didn’t know you liked dames so much you wanted to be one, Bucky.” “You’re going to pay for that,” Bucky promised, struggling unsuccessfully to escape Steve’s grip. Lust flared in his gut because he knew Bucky would make good on that promise, but still he grinned cockily. “Oh am I?” Steve taunted, mouthing at the skin below Bucky’s ear. Bucky writhed, still pinned firmly by Steve’s solid weight on his legs and wrists. “I love when you squirm under me, Buck,” Steve teased, throwing Bucky’s words back in his face. “Makes me feel all tingly.” Steve shifted and pushed his thickening cock against Bucky’s. Bucky groaned low in his throat and tilted his face up, searching blindly for Steve’s lips. Steve allowed Bucky’s lips to just barely brush his before moving out of reach. Bucky whimpered and nuzzled up to catch any of Steve’s skin between his teeth. “God Bucky, you drive me crazy,” Steve groaned as Bucky sucked a mark that both of them knew would fade in minutes. Steve’s grip loosened just enough that Bucky could free an arm. He wasted no time in tangling his fingers in Steve’s hair and crushing their lips together, drinking in the delicious moans that Steve was making. “My room,” Bucky gasped. His voice was rough and low and commanding and it reminded Steve of before, when they were just two guys in a shit-hole apartment in New York fucking each other’s fists and silencing moans with their fists shoved in their mouths. Steve could honestly say he did not miss the lying and secrecy. The managed to keep their hands off each other as they left the gym, but once the doors to the elevator closed, Bucky had Steve pressed up against a wall and was biting at his neck and shoulder. He had to stretch the neck of the white cotton shirt that Steve was wearing to suck at his clavicle. Steve groaned and jerked his hips against Bucky’s. Bucky responded by slipping his thigh in between Steve’s to feel the hard outline of his dick through his SHIELD regulation sweats. “Look at you,” he murmured feverishly, his lips never leaving Steve’s skin. “Grinding on my leg, panting like a bitch in heat.” Bucky gripped Steve’s hair and pulled his head back to expose his neck, reveling in the choked sound the blonde made. He licked up Steve’s neck until he had Steve’s earlobe between his teeth. “What would they think if they could see you? Captain America, desperate for a dick up his ass.” Steve whined at his words and jerked his now painfully hard cock against Bucky’s leg. The elevator dinged to announce their arrival, and Bucky laughed. “Straighten up, soldier,” he said, patting Steve on the cheek. “You’ve got a long night ahead of you.”Bucky strode purposefully towards his own room, Steve walking just a beat behind. When they reached the door and Bucky held it open for him, a dangerous idea flickered through Steve’s mind. “Ladies first,” he smirked, crossing his arms over his chest. Bucky’s face shifted from mild amusement to shock to determination laced with rage in a matter of seconds. He grabbed Steve by the back of his shirt and shoved him inside the room. Steve narrowly avoided tripping over a set of dumbbells, but then was caught off-guard when Bucky pushed him forward so that he landed awkwardly on the bed. “God, Steve,” Bucky murmured as he licked Steve’s neck. “You’ve been acting like a brat, and I’m gonna make sure you pay.” He shoved his knee up so that it was pressed right up against Steve’s dick. “I’m going to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rough Sex
so much rough sex
Anal
Crying
Begging
Multiple Orgasms
fucked out Steve
dominating Bucky
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

