Work Text:
First to go are the cufflinks. They’re pearly white, and clatter when they get chucked up and over the dresser. Oops. Tony reaches for his tie and loosens it in short, jerky motions. There’s weights behind his eyes and a stiffness around his neck, not just from the starchy collar on his shirt.His room is eerily quiet – as if FRIDAY can sense the mood he’s in. For once, he’s kinda’ glad he can’t hear the busy New York traffic. Tony isn’t even sure where his phone went – but he’s too tired to look for it, as it’s most likely buzzing off the table anyways.Tony gets the top button popped off his collar and sits at the foot of the bed. He pushes up his glasses, digging the heels of his palms into his eyes. He breathes.Rigidness sticks to him like a vice. A day of sitting up straight, hands folded neatly, nodding along and playing nice and holding onto a sliver of hope. Light flashes in the far corners of his vision, and Tony doesn’t even look up when he hears the portal close.“Tony.”It’a not hard to force a smile. He rubs a hand to the back of his hair, glasses now falling lopsided over one eye. “Doctor.”Stephen’s face is open and worried, and Tony doesn’t really have the energy to deal with that today, so he looks away as Stephen says, “Are you alright?”“Saw all that, did you?”“Did I – of course I did. Wong and I watched the trial from the sanctum.”“Then you already know.” Tony waves, chucking the glasses back on the bed and running another hand through his hair.“They’re off their fucking rockers.”“Hey- at least we’re not going to jail.”“They won’t even thank you, Tony. Nobody notices that you stick your neck out like that.”“They’re my friends, Stephen,” Tony snaps. “They’re horrible and never listen but they’re my friends. I won’t let them go back to— to being prisoners of the state just for protecting the earth.”Stephen steps forwards. Every foot closer drains him, Tony’s shoulders sagging with his eyes. Stephen steps between his legs. Hands cover his own, and Tony lets his arms drop, finally closing his eyes when Stephen’s fingers take over in his hair. They scrub gently, shakily, from his temples, back to his neck. Tingles run through his blood like magic, yet magicless.His touch is an instant relaxer. Tony can smell Stephen's cologne, and he doesn’t even bother resisting the urge to bury his face in Stephen’s chest. He's not in the Kamar-Taj robes, so Tony can feel his body heat through the fabric of his t-shirt. Stephen’s voice is a little kinder this time, but still full of disbelief. “Ten hours on the stand…”“I never know if I’m doing the right thing,” Tony sniffs. “I think I am – try to, you know? But I never – I don’t know what to do. They want to rewrite the accords.”“I know.”“If they don’t sign... it’ll be the war all over again. No ten-hour trial will stop that.”“Tony.”“I can’t-“ He bites off, because he can do this. He’s done this before, he’ll do it again. 
Burdened with knowledge.
 Tony breathes in deep. He opens his eyes, and Stephen is looking down at him, now gently running his thumbs in circles around his ears. There’s a slight tremor to it that’s so distinctly Stephen, that Tony's heart wrings like a wet shirt. They’ve been doing this for who knows how long. But now that Stephen is a constant in his life, Tony isn’t sure how to live without him. He’s an addict that way. It was hard to wave off the drugs and harder to quit the alcohol, nearly impossible to leave Pepper, and a piece of cake to fall in unrequited love with a wizard.“It pisses me off,” Stephen mumbles. “I can’t even defend your name.”Tony outright laughs, “I appreciate the thought, but you act like this is the first time I’ve made a no-no with the president.”“Tony-“He reaches out and hooks a thumb in Stephen’s beltloop, jerking him and forcing his eye. Tony’s voice is like steel, “They don’t know you’re involved. They don’t know about you at all. It is a hundred, billion times better that way.”Stephen gives him a look, like he agrees, but he's not happy about it. His hands fall to the base of Tony's neck. They rub against the start of the scar there, slightly hidden by his collar. Circular. The size of a space-tyrant’s glove. Tony leans into it.“Too much rests on your shoulders.”Tony grins, lopsided. “I’m a Stark. We’re born with broad shoulders and lots of problems.”Stephen returns the smile, and jokes in a tone,  “Don’t you just wish the multiverse would save itself?”“It’d really take a few kinks out of my back.”“I have a great remedy for that, you know.”Tony perks up, “Magic?”“No.” Stephen unbuttons the next button on Tony’s shirt, and Tony’s eyes flick down, and back up.“Oh – sex?”“No!” Stephen laughs, and works the buttons down to his waist. “A bath. It reduces inflammation.”“Oh,” Tony breathes. The lights suddenly flick on in the bathroom, and there’s the sound of running water. “Join me?”Stephen tugs the last button free. He pushes the shirt off Tony’s shoulders, helps him peel it off, one sleeve at a time. Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Mild Hurt/Comfort
Bathtub Sex
they're perfect for each other
Romantic Fluff
Post Infinity War

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

