Chapter 1: Awaken
    




Chapter Text
Steve emerged from a deep frigid sleep. His vision blurred for a moment.  Above him a yellowing ceiling. Where is he?! The last thing he remembered was falling. Then a sudden unforgiving cold. Peggy's image flashed before him. How was he here? He shook away the thought. He has to keep his wits about him. First, where was he? HYDRA! No, he would know. The metal springs of the bed squeaked as he sat up. He squeezed the mattress, needing something more tangible to grasp.  He closed his eyes, breathing in deeply. A soft breeze touched his skin. In the background, a radio buzzed reporting the baseball scores. It was wrong. His muscles tensed in preparation for a fight response. A uniformed beta woman entered. Her wavy brown hair was untarnished. She posed no apparent threat. “Good morning.”Her voice was soft and kind. It did nothing to relieve the gut feeling of distrust. She shut the door behind her, closing the only known exit. It wouldn't be difficult to push her out of the way or to create a new entrance. He resisted the urge to growl.“Or should I say evening?” she said, checking her watch.“Where am I?” he asked.“You are in recovery in New York City,” she said.The radio breached the silence between them. “Where am I really?” he asked.“I’m afraid I don’t understand,” she said with a timid shrug of her shoulders.All he wants is honesty. The slightest appearance of weakness could give away so much. She aimed a confused expression in his direction.“The game it's from May 1941. I know because I was there,” said Steve. Her gentle smile transformed into a firm line. He rose to his feet, approaching her. “Now, I’m going to ask you again. Where am I?” “Captain Rogers-"“Who are you?!” he growled.Men dressed in black body armor stormed in, weapons drawn. Effortlessly, he tossed them through the flimsy wall. He ran through the new entrance. It was a set. What was this place? He went for the exit pushing away those who got in his way.“Captain Rogers, wait!”It wasn't safe here. He had to find someone. Someone he could trust. A familiar face. As he ran through the building voices over the radio called out code thirteen, but he kept moving, not fully absorbing his surroundings. He ran onto the street. It was New York, but not the one he knew. There was no time to think. He had to move. Cars honked as he weaved through traffic, slowing when he reached the heart of the city. Buildings taller than he’d ever seen towered above him. Screens alight with commercials for products he didn’t know. His heartbeat drummed in his ears. It almost flooded out the chaos surrounding him. Large black cars surrounded him. He barely keeping control. Usually, he could remain level-headed in the greatest of dangers, but this is too much. Instinct screamed for him to take flight. An omega's first defense. His teeth lengthen in preparation for a fight. He crouched, growling lowly, making sure to flash his teeth. “Stand down, soldier!” boomed a voice over the chaos.A tall bald man dressed in black came striding forward. His presence cut through the chaos. An eye patch covered one of his eyes. His stern, authoritative aura screamed alpha. Steve was able to focus on that voice. He straightened and regained control. His teeth retracted. He abandoned his crouching position and stood to greet the alpha. The alpha walked forward.“Look, I’m sorry about that little show back there. But we thought it best to break it to you slowly,” said Fury.“Break what?” asked Steve.“You’ve been asleep, Cap. For almost seventy years,” he said.Seventy years? How? It had to be true. All this change took decades, not days.“You going to be okay?” asked the alpha.Out of all the thoughts scrambling through his mind, one came shooting forward.“Yeah. I had I date,” said Steve. His vision started to haze. He collapsed.“Fuck,” said Fury.His men approached the fallen hero. They backed off when a deep snarl left the unconscious man. Even in this state, the man was dangerous. A non-alpha would be a safer bet.“Hill.”The beta stepped forward without fear. She slowly approached, touching her fingers to his neck. His pulse was steady.“He’s fainted. This a lot to take in,” she said. They helped the unconscious omega into the backseat of the car. Then returned to the base. Nurses swarmed around them, taking the captain to the medical wing. The two agents took a seat in the waiting room.“It went better than I thought,” said Fury with a slight smirk.“He threw two of our men through a wall,” said Maria.“Still better than expected,” he said.“We haven’t discussed one aspect of his medical care. What happens when he goes into heat?" Fury rubbed his temples. It should be a personal issue. Spy, assassin, fine, but matchmaker isn’t a skill widely available to him.“There’s a chance he won’t even go into heat-"“He’s perfectly healthy, sir. It’s only a matter of time. Preparations need to be made; a heat suppressed that long would be consuming. It will be horrible 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Steve Rogers
Omega Natasha Romanov
Alpha Clint Barton
Alpha James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Alpha Matt Murdock
Omega Foggy Nelson

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

