Chapter 1





Chapter Text
If anything had ever annoyed Stephen more than medically inaccurate television dramas, it would probably be Tony Stark. And Wong would be a close second along with the Cloak of Annoyance.When Stark said he had questions, he wasn’t joking.Following the invitation to the Sanctum, he walked through the doors like he owned the place and didn’t shut up for a minute before he left.
“What do you do with this? Cook soup in it?” he casually stared down into the Cauldron of Cosmos.

“How fast can the Cloak move?”

“Why is all the magicky stuff this color?”

“So what can you do besides pouring me infinite glasses of whiskey? … Did you just teleport us to another room?! Cool. How about Bahamas next?”

“What happens when I open this big red ‘do not ever enter’ door?”

“Can you make the Statue of Liberty disappear, like Copperfield? What about other people…like Clint. Could you make Clint disappear?”

“Where do you shop for these clothes…Costco?”
Didn’t matter what he answered or even if he bothered to answer at all. Stark was having the time of his goddamn life and Wong – the traitor – was indulging him by explaining everything he asked about magic.Even when he clearly stated that he didn’t believe it’s magic and that he’s going to explain it with science eventually, instead of ripping his head off, Wong smirked and wished him good luck with that challenge.The Cloak being all touchy with the engineer wasn’t helping at all either. Stark talking to it like it’s a living person or something…that might have cracked through the annoyance a little, not that he’d admit it. It definitely made the grumpy Cloak go all soft on the man.Traitors.“You should come check out the Avenger’s Compound. Just finished decorating…hell, you should join the team! We could use some party tricks when the afternoons get all boring,” Stark offers on his third visit.When he resolutely declines, ensuring that he’s explicitly clear about what he thinks about joining some wannabe superhero cult of a team, he realizes how much he’s overestimated the man’s nonchalance.Stark laughs it off and jokes for the rest of the evening before taking off, but the damage had been done.Stephen can see the hurt his statement caused…and still, being the asshole that he is, he adds more salt to the injury by quipping about ‘not being good with rejection, Stark?’ and ‘can’t imagine spending my afternoons any worse than in your ego and testosterone enhanced cult dungeon’. And Stark quips right back, laughs some more and jokes some more and it’s ugly, fake and disappointed.He doesn’t visit again after that. Sends a text every now and then but even those are short…professional. Distant.Wong glares at him for weeks and the Cloak trips him down the stairs every chance it gets. And Stephen lets them.Among other things he would never admit to anyone is the fact that he might…possibly…sort of…miss the annoying genius. A little bit. Maybe.Between protecting their dimension, training and studying the mystic arts, Stark’s visits were definitely the highlights. Annoying and obnoxious and…fun. He…enjoyed Stark. His borderline offensive quips and disregard for anything that’s got to do with magic. His admittedly brilliant brain that’s capable of keeping up with all of it…his rare, tiny smile he’d shoot at the Cloak when it did something nice. Hell, even when it was being mean.Leave it to Stephen to successfully ruin it with a single sentence.“I’m quite busy as is, being the Sorcerer Supreme and I most definitely don’t need to mingle with your superhero merry band. Or you for that matter.”They’ve been going at it like this all the time. Always in good fun. Always in jest.This time was different. Because this time, Stark was serious. And Stephen realized too late.“He’s a busy man too, you know? I’m sure he’ll stop by soon,” Wong actually attempts something akin to comforting one evening after they’ve dealt with a weird possessed artifact down in Jersey.“Who?”Wong stares at him, rolling his eyes when Stephen doesn’t budge. “For someone so clever and talented in the mystic arts to be such a miserable piece of human existence is truly sad.”“A miserab…really? Is that what you think of me? What does that make you then, mister I-serve-this-sorry-excuse-for–a-human?”Wong waits till they’re back to the Sanctum and sighs, regarding Stephen with a curious look. “You have an attitude. It’s abrasive and I bet it helps you scare off people you don’t want to deal with. But you’re not like that. Not really.”“Ahhh, okay. Thank you, Dr. Phil. You stared long and deep into my soul and figured out all its secrets!”There. He does it again. Can he ever stop himself? He probably should…before even Wong decides he’s a lost cause and moves back to Kamar-Taj for good.“I didn’t have to,” Wong chuckles. “I just happen to know someone exactly like that. And that someone happens to be a person I look up to in a sense. Because despite that fake front he built over the years, he’s in reality
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
kind of
Canon-Typical Violence
Strange is back in doctor mode
Hurt Tony Stark
Protective Stephen Strange
Protective Cloak of Levitation
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Cloak is the best bro
Wong is a good bro
Stephen is not good at apologies
Neither is Tony
becoming friends
Stephen is a good friend
Steve is not
Fuck Steve
Mild Language
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Wong is still a Tony fanboi
Cloak & DUM-E are besties
Fight me on it
Peter LOVES magic
Friday is awesome
JARVIS would be proud
Vision IS proud

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

