Chapter 1: Bucky Meets The New Neighbors
    




Chapter Text
Bucky was quite content with where he lived. A nice street with nice neighbors and ample houses. He was also quite sad to hear that the lovely old lady next door was moving out and into a retirement home.
New neighbors were the last thing on his mind when the moving van appeared one Saturday morning. Bucky was sitting by his upstairs window to watch the incoming ensemble.
A tall man with blond hair and ridiculously large muscles stepped out. He seemed to be about 30, around the same age as Bucky. The moving company addressed the man as “Steve”, and Bucky’s inner teenage bisexual awoke.
Steve opened the car door and helped a girl step out. Like Steve, she was breath-taking. She was wearing a short sundress that accentuated her skin and body perfectly. Bucky watched as she bent over to pick up her suitcase and was immediately enraptured. He looked closer.
Bucky’s brow furrowed, this girl was much too young to be Steve’s wife or girlfriend, but she looked too old to be his daughter. From what he could tell, she was about 16 or 17. But he had to be sure.
He ventured downstairs to prepare a welcoming gift for his new neighbors.
...
“What you think, y/n?” Steve smiled turning to you as you set your stuff on the floor.
“Oh my god, is that a pool?” you yanked the sliding glass door open and ran into your new backyard. Once you were outside you turned around and saw your step-father standing in the doorway.
“We’ve also got an indoor gym, fully stocked.” he boasted.
 You ran over and hugged him. “It’s amazing, Steve.” you gave him a quick peck on the lips as his fingers combed through your hair.
Steve smiled down at you before saying, “Well go put on your bathing suit, and I’ll heat up the pool,”
You squealed and bolted inside while yelling, “It’s HEATED!” 
Your relationship with your stepfather was…unique. When you were 13, your mother married a 27 year old man to practically act as your babysitter when all she did was go out partying and drinking. About a year later, she was admitted into rehab and was released only to live with her new boyfriend, leaving you alone with Steve since you were 14. 
Steve was a kind and caring man, leading you to wonder why he would marry someone like your mother. When you were 15, your relationship with him began to change. Sometimes, you’d watch him step out of the shower, wearing only a towel, his muscular chest adorned with water droplets.
Sometimes you wouldn’t wear underwear around the house, and you’d make sure Steve knew it. Slowly and gradually the tension built up until during one particular argument, Steve had reached his breaking point.
He’d bent you over his lap and taught you a lesson his way. You had spent that entire night testing each other’s boundaries, seeing just how much lust was being pent up inside each other.
You smiled at the dirty memory and began stripping in the middle of the living room. Steve watched you from the doorway and pointed at one of the suitcases.”Your bathing suit is in there,” he said.
“I know,” you replied, slowly walking over to the suitcase, bending over to unzip it. You picked out a white swimsuit with a triangle bra and the string bikini bottoms. Locking eyes with Steve, you slowly dressed yourself with the garments. 
“Tie me up?” you turned around and swept your hair to the side, revealing your back, along with the loose strings of your top. You felt his large hands caress your skin as he leaned forward into your ear.
“Oh, I’d love to. In more ways than one,” the low rumbling of his voice caused you to shiver. He playfully nipped at your earlobe and finished tying the strings.
Just then, someone knocked on the door. “Who could that be?” you skipped toward the front door abruptly, causing Steve to slightly fall forward.
“Wait, you’re not wearing any-”
You opened the door and were immediately faced with a handsome dark-haired man. He was wearing a white wife-beater and blue jeans, his muscles on full display. He quickly looked over your petite frame and cleared his throat. You became aware that you were hardly wearing anything.
“Hi, I’m Bucky. I live next door.” he flashed you a bright smile. “I, uh, brought these over as a welcoming gift.” He handed you a plate of chocolate cupcakes.
“Thank you! I love, love, love chocolate. Steve?” you turned around and handed him the plate. 
“I’m y/n, and this is my step-dad, Steve.” you shook Bucky’s hand and stepped to the side to allow Steve to shake his hand as well. 
“Nice to meet you,” Steve said, admiring Bucky’s firm shake.
Bucky and Steve exchanged formalities until you interrupted by opening the door wider. “You should come inside,” you smiled at him sweetly. 
You saw Steve’s jaw tense but he still agreed. “Yeah, it’ll give me an excuse to unpack the drinks,”
The rest of the afternoon was spent as the men drank brandy and talked while you snacked on the chocolate cupcakes.
Bucky learned that you were a soon-to-be junior in high schoo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
y'all already know
Daddy Kink
Underage Reader
Consensual Underage Sex
Pool Sex
Voyeurism
Praise Kink
Step-parents
Vaginal Fingering
Teasing
Jealous Steve Rogers
Flirty Bucky
Age Difference
big age gap
Older Man/Younger Woman
Blow Jobs
Threesome - F/M/M
Choking
Double Penetration
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Spanking

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

