Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“So you’re really going through with it, huh?” asked Rhodey from his wheelchair. They were in the newly updated workshop at the New Avengers Compound.“Why wouldn’t I?” asked Tony distractedly as he looked at the specs for Rhodey’s leg braces. Dark circles underlined his eyes but his mind was as sharp as ever. Rhodey wheeled around and shoved the holoscreen to the side. “Because you basically have always been on their side - “ Rhodey started to say before Tony cut him off.“That was before Platypus. And for the last time, I’m sure,” said Tony sternly as he dragged the holoscreen back to him. Rhodey lifted his hands in surrender.“Alright, Tones. Well, you know I’ll support anything you wanna do,” were the last words Rhodey spoke before he wheeled himself out of the workshop.“FRIDAY, blackout mode,” said Tony once he heard the doors whoosh closed behind Rhodey. FRIDAY remained silent as the doors and windows to the workshop blackened and the sound system blared good ol’ AC/DC. Tony shoved the holoscreen away from himself and ran his hand through his hair, his other arm still in a sling. He sat down heavily and let out a loud groan as he rubbed at his temple and neck. Even when they were out of his sight and miles away the ‘rogue’ Avengers still gave him a headache. He knew that Rhodey meant well, that if he burned this bridge there would be no way of mending it. Tony was past that point. The last of his goodwill was severely exhausted and it was time to move on. It was easier said than done, however. The Rogues left yet another mess for Tony to clean up but this time he was going to do it for Earth - for the people that needed the Avengers. Something big was coming for them and Tony had tried to prepare Earth’s defences - thought that ULTRON was the answer - but that blew up in his face too.Tony was just tired. Tired of taking blame, of shouldering the responsibility for others’ mistakes. The Accords were the answer to that increasing weight, the answer to the guilt that ate at his conscience and kept him up at night.Yet even that blew up in his face - in a big way.It was time for a change. Out with the old and in with the new.Changing the face of the Avengers wasn’t easy, but Tony was determined to set things right, to make things better for the next generation of people and super heroes. The world deserved that much.He took in a deep breath, closed his eyes, and let the air out slowly.Time to get to work.+++First on Tony’s list was getting Rhodey mobile again. Leg braces were oddly simple to build and Tony wondered why he hadn’t made them before. He had sent out Rhodey’s info to several surgeons to help on the medical side of things, but people seemed hesitant to attach their names with Stark at the moment. Thankfully their stock prices were stable which at least let Tony feel some relief. Pepper was a downright badass in the boardroom and Tony wondered why he hadn’t handed over SI earlier. 

Doctor Strange

“Boss, you might want to get this,” said FRIDAY. Tony took the smoothie DUM-E handed to him and sat down. “Alright,” said Tony airily as he pulled up some other schematics. Peter’s suit was going to have everything in it. He was not leaving anything to chance.“Mr. Stark?” asked a smooth, deep voice.“Yes, who is this?” asked Tony distractedly.“Dr. Stephen Strange,” answered the man. Tony stopped tinkering.“Finally decided to give me a call back I see,” said Tony as he started to pull up Rhodey’s medical files and the leg brace schematics. The medical files were supposed to be closed, but well, things didn’t tend to stay ‘closed’ around Tony.“I was somewhat indisposed,” vaguely answered Stephen which piqued Tony’s curiosity. He immediately signaled to FRIDAY and data on Dr. Strange started pouring in. Tony’s baby girl was growing quickly and he was so proud.After quickly seeing all the data about Strange’s accident Tony felt a little bereft.“Ah well, can’t say I blame you. So what can I do for you, Doc?” asked Tony as he continued to review all the info on Strange.Doctor Strange paused for a moment. “I see you read up on me.”“Just now.”
Stephen hummed in thought. “Well, it’s not so much what you can do for me, but more of what I can do for you,” he replied mystically.Tony perked up. “Oh, and what’s that?”“I figured you might be interested in my other title. Sorcerer Supreme.”“What, like a wizard?”+++“So you saved Hong Kong?” asked Tony doubtfully. “You don’t believe me?” asked Stephen as he took a sip of his tea. Tony squinted at him.“Let’s agree to disagree,” replied Tony flippantly. “I’ve read the Accords,” the sorcerer led with and Tony sat up straighter in his seat.“What do you think?” he asked hesitantly. The last thing Tony needed was another superhero fiasco.“I think they need some work, but once properly polished up they can be good,” said Stephen with a small smile. Tony’s face broke out in relief. 

The Wasp

“Never thought I would ever hear from you,” said Tony as he to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Sokovia Accords
Not A Fix-It
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Team Captain America Friendly
New Team

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

