Chapter 1: Prologue and Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text


Odin looked down from his throne, a grimace on his scarred face as he fingered the star-emblazoned sigil the messenger handed to him. “What has happened between them this time?”The messenger bowed deeply even as a sheen of sweat covered his forehead. “Your Majesty. A skirmish broke out the night before last on the eastern border of Winterforge Keep. Thirteen are reported dead between both sides, a field of grain caught fire, and the early planting was completely destroyed.”Odin huffed out a breath, tapping his fingers along the arm of his huge golden throne. He ignored the way the messenger glanced nervously between the fiercely staring Kingsguard and his two sons, who sat in large gilded chairs and watched the exchange with interest. The King didn’t have a reputation for harming messengers, but no one had delivered news of this scale since the incident at Brightglass.“Every fortnight one of you appears in front of me to report some transgression,” Odin said, glaring at the sigil in his hand as though he could force an apology out of it. “I’ve tolerated the occasional fight over these years with the assumption that they would eventually settle down. Instead, they insisted on escalating. Ruining a harvest! Enough is enough.”Waving his hand to dismiss the messenger, Odin called for his scribe and then turned to his sons. They leaned forward, ready to listen. “Thor. Loki. Have your grooms prepare your best horses—I will have you deliver these messages in person. If there are any quarrels with the families, they will answer directly to me.”Thor nodded right away, more than happy to give up the daily sitting and looking stern during his father’s councils in favor of a ride through the countryside. Loki pursed his lips as though he would say something, but held his tongue. As he listened to his father dictate the message, a smirk grew on his face.“...this marriage will bind the two houses, ending their animosity henceforth. By my seal as the King, it is decreed.” ~ ★ ~  “I’m rather proud of Father for this bit of amusement. Marrying off the sons of two feuding families to each other! I couldn’t have done better myself.” Loki handed his green woolen travel cloak to Thor, who was muttering about the blasted early morning chill.Thor took the cloak, inspecting it carefully before wrapping it over his own red cloak. The double weight of fabric helped him to finally stop shivering. Around them, groomsmen attended to the horses while their personal retinues settled into place for the ride.Loki couldn’t contain his glee. “I’ve heard that the sons haven’t spoken a word to each other. Do you remember what happened during the tournaments last summer?”Thor allowed his smile to match the grin on Loki’s face. “I do believe that Sir James bested Sir Steven in the melee combat, allowing for his House to go on to victory. It was quite the upset. I’ve never seen a man as red-faced as he was.” Thor shook his head with an easy laugh as he rested a hand on his horse’s neck. “This will be remembered as Father’s best idea ever or go down as his worst decision yet.”Loki swung up into his saddle and nodded to his traveling companions as Thor did the same. “Time will reveal everything. Safe travels, brother.” ~ ★ ~ Steve Rogers sat in his father’s chair next to his mother. The polished and carved oak chairs stood at the same level as the rest of the hall, a promise from his father to his loyal bannermen that he’d never set himself above them. Steve would have rather been fighting than sitting, but his father had claimed it would be a short excursion and that Steve needed to head the family in his absence.His mother had been bustling around the castle ever since word had been received that the Princes were coming on an official mission from the King regarding that “short excursion.” Now she cast an unimpressed glare towards Loki, who stood before them with his royal retinue.“Your Highness,” she said, nodding her head in deference. Her voice was ice, but Loki didn’t seem to mind.“Lady Sarah Rogers.” Loki inclined his head just enough to be respectful and turned towards Steve. “And, of course, your golden son, Steven Rogers. A warrior, to be sure. A dutiful son to be commended. The favorite, no doubt, had there been others.”Steve raised an eyebrow, wondering what price the King had decreed his family pay for his father’s unfortunate skirmish, and why Prince Loki seemed to hone in on him.His mother cut off Loki’s taunts. “Thank you for taking the time to visit our humble home. Clearly the news must be pressing if you are here as the messenger. Please, avail us of the King’s decree.”Loki gestured for his parchment, and a man handed it over. With a neutral glance to Steve, Loki began reading the official charge of the event. Steve listened to that part with half an ear, looking around their hall from his father’s usual position.The hall at Starfell was a stately space with stone and wood 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Game of Thrones inspired AU
Enemies to Lovers
Arranged Marriage
epic hate fucks
regular hate fucks
Bedsharing
bedsharing again but with a smaller bed
Mutual Pining
inopportune declarations of love
Angst with a Happy Ending
Switch!Steve
Switch!Bucky
top!steve
Bottom!Bucky
Top!Bucky
bottom!Steve
Art
Drawing
Illustrated
Anal Sex
Oral Sex
Frottage
Porn with way too much plot
or possibly plot with way too much porn
You Decide

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

