Work Text:
 
“We are here to honour, to mourn Anthony Edward Stark.” Rhodey snorted in bitter amusement. “Anthony Edward Stark. That was the name I called him in my head the first month of knowing him. He said ‘Call me Tony’ and I did, but I kept thinking of him as Anthony Edward Stark. I’d read it a few too many times on all the non-disclosure agreements and the million waivers I had to sign because I was rooming with the heir to Stark Industries. Never told him that and...now I never will.”
 
Rhodey swallowed and from his seat in the audience Steve shifted uncomfortably. Knowing the part he had played in Tony’s death he felt more than a little out of place but he'd come anyway to pay his last respects. It was the first bit of news he got once the pardons were signed off on and he and his team were let back in, that while Tony had been steadily recovering since the events in Siberia, he had had a heart attack and slipped into a coma that he hadn’t woken from. The doctors hadn't been able to save him.
 
That Tony was dead.
 
Bucky had been distraught over it. Steve had woken up so many night to Bucky’s screams as the nightmares inundated him. Wanda had gone so far as to say that even beyond the grave Stark was causing them pain and Steve had reprimanded her for that. Besides, it wasn’t Tony’s fault that Pepper had told Bucky the news so viciously.
 

 “Congratulations Soldier, mission complete. All the Starks are dead now.” 

 
He hadn't thought her capable of such spite, hadn’t thought she would be so cruel. Her behaviour had only worsened as she pulled all SI funding and made a very public statement cutting all ties with any personnel remotely associated with the ‘former Avengers’ as she called them. Even now she was pursuing legal action against him, Bucky and all their friends even though the Accords had cleared them of all wrongdoing and cleared their records in anticipation of Thanos. Pepper had set Bucky’s recovery back ages, he kept on talking about taking responsibility for his actions even though Steve had told him over and over again, it wasn’t  him .
 
"Tony was my friend. My best friend. I could lie and say I’ve never known a better man but I can say with all honesty that he was just so good to me, even when he didn’t have to be. He was a good friend to have, generous to a fault. Even in his last days, he was working, when he couldn’t move from his bed he still managed to work his ass off to make the braces that help me walk today, that are going to help millions who have suffered life changing injuries, regain a huge part of their lives. Even in death Tony is generous. Just being in his presence made you want to do better. He made us believe we were extraordinary because to him we always were. The sun is a yellow dwarf star, water is hydrogen oxide and we were all extraordinary.”
 
Rhodey sighed and Steve heard many a sniffle as people were moved by his words, by the sheer conviction in his voice.  
 
"He was so generous a friend that even under duress, even recovering from a battle, when Sam Wilson told him to go to Siberia to where Steve Rogers was headed after a monstrous rampage through Europe leaving death and destruction in his wake, Tony went. Because he was a good friend.”
 
Steve fidgeted in his seat once again as eyes and cameras turned to him. Rhodes’ words reminded him far too much of Tony’s last words to him and it was only the sight of Bucky sitting next to him that quelled the tightness in his chest.
 
Yes, Tony had been a good friend, just as Bucky was.
 
“Which is not to say that Tony didn’t have faults, of course. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, he might have been but he was still human. Still flawed. He made mistakes although his mistakes tended to have more consequences than others.”
 
 ‘ Like Ultron’ Steve remembered and nodded his head in agreement. Not that Rhodes would ever say it out loud, of course Steve scoffed in the privacy of his mind.
 
"He made mistakes such as Ultron,” Rhodes said with a deep sigh and Steve was surprised. He really hadn't expected Rhodes to actually talk about Tony’s mistakes. “Yes, Ultron was a result of Tony’s paranoia that the aliens who had once invaded would return eventually. Yes, Loki’s Sceptre was involved, and yes, at the time Ultron had been little more than a rudimentary idea, but Tony was just too ambitious, trying to save the world from this threat. He tried to make up for it of course, tried to redeem himself. Striving for redemption is something so many people in this room understand all too well. Natalia Romanova, the Black Widow and her attempts at clearing the blood from her proverbial ledger from time spent as an assassin and spy, Wanda Maximoff and her attempts at being an Avenger to make up supporting Ultron and causing Dr Banner to hulk out in Johannesburg. Clint Barton and his attempts to make up for killing and injuring so many of his colleagues during the build-up to the Chitauri invasion, the same colleagu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Not Steve Friendly
not team Cap friendly
petty af
Civil War Team Iron Man
Obsessive thoughts

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

