Work Text:
Thor knew in hindsight only that he was helpless the moment Loki walked through the palace doors. At first all he saw was Laufey; all twenty and more feet of him as he crouched through the main door into the hall. Loki was tiny, miniscule even, next to his father.Diplomatic relations with Jotunheim had been cold and quiet, which suited the Jotun, but was displeasing to Odin. He proposed that the third son of Laufey-king could study seiðr with the best Asgard had to offer. Thor knew from rumors that Loki wasn’t full Jotun, and that he wasn’t well-loved by his father. No word of whether his brothers cared, just that his father would rather see him die than stay in the frozen wastes of Jotunheim.Thor looked away from Laufey and began to study his son. Loki was Thor’s own height, tall enough in Asgard and tiny in a land of giants. He was as blue-skinned as any Jotun, his eyes a bright shade of red.Laufey approached the throne and actually managed a slight bow to the Allfather. “Here, Odin, you can have the half-breed runt. If you take him, I promise peace between our realms.”Loki didn’t react to the names, to the insinuation that he was such a burden that unloading him into a foreign court was enough to curb the Jotun craving for war. He kept his face even as his own father abandoned him among strangers and those who used to be enemies.Thor looked at his father and knew at once that his own displeasure was shared. Thor caught the eyes of the young Jotun and let himself be studied. Loki didn’t look frightened or panicked. He actually didn’t look like he was even present.Odin stood from his throne. “We welcome Loki-prince into our court and into our home. We’ve heard tales of your work with seiðr and we are excited to have the young master study with us. You may teach us a thing or two in your time here.”Laufey raised an eyebrow, and didn’t linger long after the formailites were over. Thor’s anger began to ebb only once the bifrost cracked open and sent Laufey back to the ice.If Loki had any feelings or emotions he kept them so well hidden he may as well have been dead. Thor was tasked with escorting him to his new room, all of his luggage had previously been brought in and unloaded.Their rooms were connected by a communal bathing chamber, the doors open to where Thor could see his own room if he looked. In truth, Thor gave up his sitting room and library so that their newest arrival wouldn’t have to be alone.Odin had commended him on his grace, and Frigga had smiled so wide Thor could have burst open in the face of their bright pride. Now, as he guided Loki into the bedroom filled with shelves and shelves of books, he knew what a luxury he had.Loki turned and looked around at the towering shelves, his eyes finally doing something other than blankly staring. They seemed to come to life, and for the first time, he spoke. “This wasn’t originally a bedroom.”Thor shook his head. “This was my sitting room and personal library. It’s yours, now. There is a bathing chamber to the left of the doors, and from there our rooms are connected.”Loki whipped around to face him and sneered. “I am to be watched and guarded?”Thor lifted his hands and couldn’t school his face, his confusion bled through. “Nothing of the sort, Loki-prince. I thought it unkind to drop you off alone in a strange palace, secluded from anyone who could keep you company. That’s all. A kindness.”Loki’s brows pulled together and his lips pursed. “A kindness.”Thor nodded, letting his hands drop. “Feel free to come to my room whenever you need. Night or day. I know the adjustment will be hard on you.”Loki scoffed, but he seemed to be relaxing. “Jotunheim was hard on me. Asgard cannot be any harder.”Thor swallowed roughly, memories of Laufey playing in his mind. How a father could just drop their own child into a foreign land like unwanted refuse was not something Thor could hope to understand.“I know you may not like us, Loki, but I would hope to be your friend.” Thor smiled at him, ignoring how confused Loki seemed at the gesture. His blue skin was gorgeous against the light of the setting sun.Loki regarded him a moment longer before turning away. “Thank you, Odinson.”Thor took his leave without speaking, finding his own chambers beyond the bathing room.The first night passed, and Thor would never speak of how he could hear Loki weeping in the darkness. ♦ ♦ ♦ Quick months passed and Loki was by far the most talented student in the palace. Frigga took to teaching him personally, and Odin expressed his pride openly through feasts. Loki seemed uncomfortable, but never complained about any of it.Thor hadn’t seen much of him or spoken much aside from passing each other by in the morning. Until, that was, Loki showed up in his room just before dawn, a brightly polished dagger in his hand. The whole weapon was metal, the handle wrapped with a dark green leather lace. It was simple, nothing ornately carved or gem-studded. A beautiful weapon, truly.Loki hel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Pining
Rough Sex
Top Thor (Marvel)
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Adopted Sibling Relationship

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

