Chapter 1: One Way Ticket
    




Chapter Text
“What is the meaning of this?” Odin’s voice booms through the hall like an impending doom as the figure on the floor moans.Loki’s heart is pounding and he’s not quite certain whether it’s fear or exhilaration or both. He can feel wisps of magic twisting in the air: an aftershock of whatever event just occurred. He breathes it in, deeply, and knows that something about the spell is… compatible and knows at once that it is important.The stranger groans and attempts to sit up. In the blink of an eye, Hogun and Sif are holding a sword to his throat. A glance around the hall shows Fandral’s arrow set nimbly on the taunt string of his bow and Volstagg’s giant frame turned with concentration, ready to charge. Half the hall have unsheathed their weapons and the air quivers palpably. Loki’s fingers tense.“Well shit.”The invader eyes the sword with distaste before his dazed eyes scan the entirety of the scene that his appearance has caused. He blinks and suddenly his gaze is locked with Thor’s. Loki can tell that his brother feels it too: the inescapable sense of fate.“Thor! My old buddy, old—“ at this the man attempts shoving the swords away only to be pinned back down, roughly. “—whoa—pal. When did you start having parties that I’m not invited to? And for that matter, since when is it your psycho evil brother’s job to force me to attend?”“What do you speak of?”Thor looks more confused than menacing, but like with any beast, the confusion is visibly giving way to anger the longer he lacks explanation.Loki moves closer, quietly, his eyes devouring the scene with barely hidden curiosity. He can now make out most of the shape of the man on the floor; he is dressed in a curious full-body armor, bright red and gold and like nothing he’s ever seen before. There is a wild, untamed intelligence in his eyes, something Loki recognises - the man is clearly working through a million different options in his head right now and Loki intuitively feels that half of them would be an absolute delight to witness playing out. He should be cautious with this strange creature.That, of course, is the moment when their eyes meet.“Loki.” The man’s eyes narrow as he tenses, still unable to move under the watchful and armed care of Sif and the Warriors Three. “Not that I don’t appreciate the breathing room but what the hell did you just do to us?”Suddenly the entire hall has its eyes trained on the Trickster.Loki freezes, uncertain as to how to react. Whatever has happened, it is now very much his problem and that’s the last thing he wants to worry about on a night like tonight. Norns, he already has the Jotuns on their way. Even for the God of Lies and Chaos, the situation is already getting a little too chaotic for comfort. “Me?” he asks indignantly. “It is you who has crashed in the Great Halls of Odin on the night of my brother’s coronation, most likely to sabotage the entire event. I understand you mean to pawn off the blame of your foiled attempt on me as the most powerful magic user in the room with cause for mischief, but it will do you very little good once we pull the real story out through of your pathetic lips in the dungeons.”“Aye, do not speak to my brother in such tones.” Thor growls. “We will have you chained up immediately. Guards!”“No, no, nonononono!” the man cries out, finally beginning to show panic. Loki steps back, his fingers twitching, although he is not quite certain why. It might be the last of the magic from the stranger’s materialization. Loki, however, is not so foolish as to implicate himself further in a crime that he (possibly for the very first time ever) has no hand in committing. “Thor! Come on, Point Break, you know who I am! Tony Stark, Man of Iron and all that, the guy that spent years fighting that war criminal over there right alongside you! We saved the world together like, more than twice! Even if one of those times the world only needed saving because of- ”The man (apparently Tony Stark) is silenced by Odin before he can complete the sentence. The Allfather knocks him out cold with a sleeping spell and motions to the guards to take care of the rest. No one seems to pay much attention to his words.Loki does.War criminal. Tony Stark had looked at Loki as he’d spoken those words. He watches the anomaly get dragged away and closes his eyes.There is something at play here, something greater than a mere attempt at sabotaging Thor's coronation. Loki feels an almost primal instinct to follow the strange man down to the dungeons immediately and he has to physically quell his shaking.His gut continues to twist even as he senses the small group of Jotuns he’s led into the great vaults finally make their presence known. Odin freezes, whispering ‘Frost-giants’ before bringing his staff down once, with purpose, and Loki knows that they are vaporised by the Destroyer. The ceremony is put on hold as a furious Thor stomps away. Everything has gone according to plan, exc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Time Travel
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Odin (Marvel)'s Parenting
Canon Divergence - Thor (2011)
FrostIron - Freeform
Thor's Hammer - Freeform
Slow Burn
Magic and Science
Snark
Asgardian Liquor
Loki (Marvel) Has Issues
so does tony
Everyone Needs A Hug Actually
But they're working through it together
Asgardian Soap Opera
Feelings
Multiple Tonys!
that's an actual selling point
Drinking
Coffee as well as alcohol
Self-Esteem Issues
Jötunheimr | Jotunheim

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

