Chapter 1: Valkyrie and Thor talk abt their resident greasy slut
    


Notes:
Hi! Ik Thor Ragnarok hype is over but lmao i'll never get over it i love it sm, anyways I've been really excited about writing this for sometime! It's going to be part of series that leads into infinity war, but an infinity war fix-it bc fuck u thanos




Chapter Text
It started with grudging tolerance. And while that may not seem like anything special, it was definitely a compliment coming from the angrier two of the Revengers. Loki and Valkyrie both did not play well with others. That, was a known fact. So seeing that Valkyrie managed to not want to murder Loki at all times, and that Loki didn’t feel the need to stab her at every turn, it was a good start.Course they weren’t anything close to friends yet. 
“Where is he?” Valkyrie cried, poking her head into Thor and Loki’s room and looking around angrily. Thor looked up at her.

“Who?”

“Your bastard of a brother! I’m going to kill him!” She snarled, and before Thor could even ask why, she had disappeared from the doorway and the loud sound of her footsteps were clamoring down the halls. All that could be heard next was a surprised cry and the sound of swords sheathing.
Yes they definitely weren’t friends yet.But there was also something weird about the two of them, Thor noticed. They hadn’t been in space for that long, but Thor could still see something was going on. Whenever Loki wasn’t looking, Valkyrie would stare. Not in a longing way, not in an angry way. No, the look on her face was one of someone who might have been watching a child, or their lab experiment. Whenever she watched his brother, she always looked as if she was studying him, watching his every move, and Thor wished to know why.“Why do you do that?” Thor asked, long after everyone else had cleared the meeting room. “Why do I do what?” She asked, clearly bored. She had her feet up on the table and a bottle in hand. “Stare at my brother.” Thor clarified, looking at her with a strange look on his face. She tossed her head back and took a giant swig from the bottle.“I don’t stare at your brother.” She shot back. The god sighed. “Yes you do, I see you staring, no point in lying Val.”“So you stare at me then?” She said, one eyebrow raised smugly. Thor grumbled slightly. “No topic changing.”She didn’t answer. Thor felt a slight bit of annoyance as she stayed strong, not answering him. The silence continued for some time before she spoke, not looking at him.“Your brother afraid of a lot of things?” She asked. Thor looked over confusedly and noticed the way her head was dipping. She was very drunk. Good, maybe I’ll actually get answers from her, He thought and then felt slightly bad.“What?”“Lackey,” She waved her hand around in the air, “Is he afraid of a lot of things?”“I don’t know what you mean.” Thor said, mostly because he didn’t want to answer. He knew what Loki was afraid of when they were kids, loud noises, being alone, being left behind, but now? Thor wasn’t sure he’d be able to answer Valkyrie’s question. She sighed and her shoulders slumped.“When I found your brother,” She started, still not looking at Thor. “On Sakaar, he was… different.” She said hesitantly. Thor’s brow furrowed. “What do you mean?”“It was like he wasn’t even there… he was…  hyperventilating, and he looked terrified.” She explained, the alcohol in her system causing her voice to slur. Thor nodded slowly, concern etched into his face.“Panic Attack.” He blurted out, and she turned to him with a confused look.“That’s what the Midgardians call it.” He explained. She nodded and took a swig from her bottle.“Call it whatever you want but something triggered it.” She slurred. “He was muttering things too. I thought he was crazy.”Thor felt even more concern bubble in his chest. “What was he saying?”“Something about cold, space, falling, I don’t know.” She waved her hand around as if she didn’t care. Thor felt his stomach clench. The void. Loki had been speaking of the void. But he couldn’t think about what had triggered him- Thor’s brow furrowed as realization settled over him. Hela had thrown Loki through space. “So what did you do?” Thor asked, and immediately saw her turn away from him. She remained silent and Thor wondered what she could have possibly done. “I brought him to the grandmaster.” She replied, still avoiding his gaze. “I expected him to just become another cleaner or such but… but the grandmaster he… he really liked your brother.”“I still don’t understand why you stare at him.” He blurted out, watching her carefully. “Because!” She cried angrily, throwing her arms up in the air. She then lowered her voice to almost a whisper.“Because the grandmaster doesn’t play nice.”And it suddenly made sense to Thor. He made a noise of understanding. “You feel responsible.” He noted. She sighed loudly, swishing the little remaining alcohol in the huge bottle.“If it was any other fucker, I wouldn’t care. But now that I live with him, he just seems
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Loki
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Thor
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki & Thor
The Revengers - Relationship

freeform: 
Angst
Team as Family
Team Bonding
Protective Team
Fluff
Hurt/Comfort
Past Torture
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Protective Hulk (Marvel)
Protective Bruce Banner
Protective Valkyrie
Post-Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Touch Starved Loki
Loki and Val don’t know how to talk about their feelings but they’re trying their best

fandom: 
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Loki
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki (Marvel)
Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Thor (Marvel)
Bruce Banner & Thor
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie
Bruce Banner & Brunnhilde | Valkyrie & Loki & Thor
The Revengers - Relationship

