Chapter 1: A Frosty Introspection
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

  (Abandoned Hydra bunker, Siberia, Russia)  


   

Sub-zero temperature is not beneficial for a human body.
 
Huh. Who would’ve thought? Tony mused bitterly
 
The painful, biting cold was just starting to turn into an alarmingly numb sensation when his line of thought finally, finally, snapped back from outraged why?! to resigned oh well. And to be completely honest, Tony wasn’t quite sure if that was supposed to be comforting or disturbing. Well, let it not be said that Tony wasn’t a practical man; if he’s got to dissociate himself from his raged and betrayed “ego” (to borrow Nata… - no, Romanov’s words) to survive, then so be it.
 
It’s not his first ride in the build-or-die kind of rodeo, and Tony wasn’t delusional enough to think that it would be his last. So he started with the basic of all basic: checking the inventory. Power is down, main reactor torn apart, the badassium (which is still a better name than starkium, by the way) core might still be salvageable, but the arc reactor as a whole is definitely out for the count for now. And F.R.I.D.A.Y.…. She had been disconnected, hopefully she’s got enough sense to alert… who?
 
Tony cursed silently. Rhodey (oh god, Rhodey…) was most probably still out cold in the hospital (broken spine, might never walk again… no. NOT going there. Yet.) And the Spiderling (Jesus, did he really just took a fetus to a battle?! Without telling his unusually attractive hot aunt?! What is wrong with him?!) was a no go. No way in hell he’s putting that kid into any kind of danger on purpose anymore. Na - Romanov is so out of the question. Tony’d sooner stab himself with a pen than trust her with his anything for the third time. The King (king? Prince? What even is his legal title?) was out of the radar. His motive was all revenge anyway, Tony doubted the young monarch would care enough to check on him. Then that would leave… Vision. God, Vis… Tony hoped his… creation? Child? Grandchild? Nephew? Was okay. He was so young, definitely too young to experience heartbreak. For a being of pure logic and intelligence, he sure was very forgiving… maybe too forgiving. Must have got that one from Tony, then. Well, that’s got to change now. 
 
Oh well, so he couldn’t rely on anyone on his team… not exactly news there. Tony should have realized that since the Mandarin episode. Nobody but Rhodey (oh god… Rhodey…) was there for him. Not after he was declared dead. Not after he got out of the surgery room. Hell, even Bruce fell asleep when he tried to reach out. Was it so hard to believe that Tony was just trying to vent to someone that maybe, just maybe was his friend? Okay, so him laying on a sofa with Bruce on another couch across him was a little bit therapy-like. But come on… Was Tony that low on Bruce’s opinion that he thought Tony was using him as a substitute therapist?

   

Fine, Tony thought bitterly. I’ll just do everything my goddamn self then.
If you want to do anything right, do it yourself, right?
 
Tony might have gone without waiting for the council’s approval, but that didn’t mean he was going against the Accord. The emergency clause wasn’t perfect, but it was sufficient to justify his excursion to god-knows-where, Siberia; especially since he’s got enough sense to at least notify the Russian Aerospace Force before breaking the sound barrier above the snowy landscape. Maybe the Russian Air Force will notice that he got in but never got out? Tony could only hope.
 
Meanwhile though… Tony have to check his… numerous injuries.
Massive headache: concussion, multiple concussion even, judging from how bad his head was hurting.
Numbness on his extremities: frostbite… not good. He’s got to move fast before he lost his ability to make something, anything to help him get out of the Hydra bunker.
Shortness of breath, chest pain: broken sternum (or a fake one at least) for sure. A few ribs too... Tony prayed his lung wouldn’t get punctured when he got up. That would suck.
His whole body was aching, but Tony had made mark I under a much worse condition.
 
So Tony picked himself up from the broken, dead armor and limped his way into the cryo chamber where he witnessed the biggest lie of his life. No time to spare for sentiment and wistfulness, Tony began to dismantle the ice boxes, trying so hard to ignore the dead winter soldiers. The parts he cannibalized from the chamber was enough to make an emergency reactor housing and case for his chest-plate and fix his jets and repulsors enough for an emergency trans-continental flight. It helps that he managed to pick the lock of the bunker’s tool-shed, so he wasn’t limited to the small tool-box he always carried around in his person.
 
Dragging the dead armor pieces to the (slightly) warmer tool-shed was a work of miracle, one that left tony dangerously winded and shaking from exhaustion. Broken ribs was not fun. B
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & New Avengers Team
not the comic New Avengers I only watch the movie sue me.
They are probably going to be mostly OCs either way.
Because how do you avoid OOC characters? you make new ones that's how.

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Civil War Fix-It
Kinda
Extremis Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Iron Dad
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Not Steve Friendly
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Tags May Change
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Tony
Sciencelings
Son Harley
Science Sons
spider son
I tried so hard not to turn Steve into the devil
But i'm weak so now Steve and his posse are satan incarnates

fandom: 
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Vision
Tony Stark & New Avengers Team
not the comic New Avengers I only watch the movie sue me.
They are probably going to be mostly OCs either way.
Because how do you avoid OOC characters? you make new ones that's how.

