Work Text:

1.
“I’m just saying, I totally had them.”“Of course you did. Next time, I’ll be sure to leave you on the exploding building so you can take the shot.”“This never came up when I was working with Coulson,” Clint laments, and sprawls back on the steps of the museum they’d finished the fight in front of. The wide stone steps are slightly cracked from the battle, but are otherwise holding the weight of seven Avengers without protest.“If that’s true, you have more communication issues then I thought,” Natasha says, nudging his outstretched hand away from her thigh with a delicate flick. “Besides, we all know he’d totally have picked you off a dozen rooftops if he had flight capabilities.”“Are you suggesting I make Agent some Falcon wings?” Tony asks. Lying half in his lap, half across one of the steps, Bruce gives a semi-conscious snort, eyes slitted to give the barest impression of wakefulness. “Because I don’t think they’d fit under the suit, just saying. Also, the bird puns would reach critical mass. I couldn’t handle having that much material.”“He doesn’t need them, he’s already badass,” Clint says, yawning on the last word. He could use a nap himself. A few steps above them, Steve and Bucky are sitting next to each other, watching the banter unfold like it’s a particularly amusing reality show. Thor had flown off soon after the battle ended, declaring his need for food and promising to return soon.The lull in conversation is broken by the sound of approaching footsteps; there’s a lanky kid in a black coat and holding a camera scurrying towards them, picking his way over the rubble with surprising grace.“Sorry kid, this party is for over-thirteens only!” Tony calls. Natasha thumps his shoulder.“Parker!” Steve greets warmly once the kid is at the bottom of the museum steps. “You weren’t caught up in all of this, were you?”“No sir! I mean, uh, I might have caught the end of it,” Parker admits, and Clint snorts. In the public eye, Peter Parker’s only connection to the Avengers is that he has a track record for finding himself in front of the press barrier and getting good quotes from team members. In less public knowledge, the Avengers have been aware of Spiderman’s identity since May; he’d assisted them in neutralising a panicked lab assistant who’d gotten a little too close to her co-worker’s experiments, and been injured enough for the team to insist on taking him back to the tower for treatment.The Avengers may not like secrets, but they’d be keeping this one for as long as Parker did.“Pull up some turf, kid, Thor should be getting back with food soon,” Tony says. “You look like you need it.”“Thanks? Okay.” He gingerly sits down between Bruce, who at this point is decidedly asleep, and Natasha, who gives him a fond look.“Get anything good?” she asks, nodding at his camera. He fiddles with it before replying,“A few good shots. I got a bit distracted,” he says. “But actually, what I came up here for, I’m kind of writing an article? About you guys?”“Better be all good things,” Clint warns, amusement seeping through his voice. “We know where you live. Well, JARVIS does, at least.”“Don’t terrorise the poor kid,” Bucky chides, speaking for the first time since the fight ended. Some days he comes out of the Winter Soldier mindset quicker than others. “You wanna interview us or something?”“No, no,” Parker says hurriedly, “I’ve already got most of it written, I was just – a photo? Maybe?”The conscious members of the team all give him varying shrugs and looks of indifference. Bruce continues to snore quietly against Tony’s hip. “You might want to wait until Thor gets back,” Natasha suggests, and her words are immediately followed by a rolling boom of thunder. “Speak of the devil.”Thor lands around ten metres or so down the street, bitumen cracking beneath his weight, and he walks towards them holding seven containers aloft.“Behold! I return with great spoils of war,” he announces in the exaggeratedly archaic manner he uses among them when he’s in an especially good mood. “In honour of our friend Banner’s prowess in battle today: dumplings!”The word seems to reach Bruce on a subconscious level, and he jerks upright with a start. “What?” he says, looking around in confusion until Tony carefully takes his glasses out of case he’d built into the suit for them and hands them back to him.“Dumplings,” Tony says seriously, and Bruce looks over to where Thor is holding out a container for him. He snatches it and rips the lid off, practically inhaling them as the others look on in amusement.“Faster metabolism,” Steve says to Parker, collecting his own container from Thor. Beside him, Bucky grabs another and sniffs it suspiciously. “Hits hard after a fight.”“Don’t have to tell me,” Parker mutters, and Steve grins.“Hey. Share some of mine, kid,” Natasha says, offering her container. “Hope you like fried pork.”“I apologise for not bringing you any food, young Peter,” Thor says solemnly, and offers one of his own dumplin
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson (background)

freeform: 
#selfieolympics
the starktower instagram account has even more followers than clint's youtube account
pre-slash TO THE EXTREME
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson (background)

