Work Text:
Stiles couldn't believe it. He was in a scientist sandwich, plastered in between Bruce Banner, que swoon, and Tony Stark, que more swoons. SCIENTIST SANDWICH. Bruce was talking him through the basics of their lab, it was pretty much Lydia's wet dream. He'd have to sneak her in sometime. Although he felt, getting Lydia in wouldn't be a problem, given that Tony/JARVIS had given him a pass that let him bring people in for a tour. It'd be the getting her out. Only if they were introduced to Tony, and one of them swooned. Stiles had his money on Boyd."Okay, you got it?" Bruce asked Stiles, smiling at the boy."Pretty much, just don't touch the spear." Stiles laughed and Bruce let out a little chuckle."Morning boys!" Darcy skipped in, holding a polystyrene cup holder and three take-away cups. "Stiles, English Breakfast Tea?" Stiles made grabby hands and took the cup of Darcy. Darcy made the best Tea. Stiles made a note to make Derek sit and watch her make it, However, Stiles had a feeling Darcy would spend more time gawking at Derek. Considering how much she gawked at Thor.The idea that blossomed in Stiles head was a bad one. A very very bad one.Stiles ducked away from the pair, nodding apologies and slipping out of the lab. He could vaguely remember the route to the bathroom. This job had perks, he might aswell harness the perks. "JARVIS?" Stiles shouted, hovering awkwardly in the corridor. "No need to shout, sir." JARVIS replied."Oh, sorry." Stiles stared at his shoes and shifted from foot to foot. "I was wondering if you could tell me where the nearest toilet is?" "Down the hall and to the right, sir." "Thank you." Stiles called out."No worries, sir, Mr Barton does it all the time." Stiles grinned to himself and headed towards the toilet, once inside he fished out his phone and dialed Derek's number."Stiles." Derek grunted as a greeting."Hey, honey.""What do you want Stiles?" "I left my lunch at home, would you bring it in?" "Stiles." "DEREK WOULD YOU PLEASE. Just Please.""Stiles.""Okay, so I wanna show off my hot werewolf boyfriend." "Stiles.""You're allowed to reply something other than my name, you know?" Silence..."Pleaaaaassseeeee..." "Fine. I'll be there in ten.""Wear the sexy grey henley." Derek hung up at Henley. "He'll be here at Ten." Stiles told himself defiantly."Of course, he will, sir." JARVIS added."I don't have time for your sarcasm JARVIS." Stiles snapped and pouted.  
   The Stark Tower was enormous, even bigger up front. Derek stood outside holding the brown paper bag Stiles left. "You must be Derek." A slender redhead stepped outside and held out a hand for him. "Err, Yeah." Derek shook her hand. "Pepper, come."  Derek followed behind her. "Tony has basically adopted your boyfriend and I am so sorry." They climbed into the elevator, which was still playing the Birdy Song. "Your boyfriend is quite something.""Yeah. He's always been like that." Derek snorted. The Elevator door opened and they stepped into the room. Stiles was sat in between Tony Stark and Bruce Banner grinning like a child. Said child beamed even further when he spotted Derek. "Scientist Sandwich." Stiles grinned."Scientist Sandwich." Tony nodded and Bruce sighed. "I brought your food." Derek sighed, Stiles jumped up from his seat between the scientist and ran across to Derek. He pressed a kiss to his lips."What happened to no public displays of affection in the workplace?" Natasha asked, sipping her coffee and lifting her legs onto Clint's lap."That got scrapped when Tony arrived." Pepper rolled her eyes and headed to the coffee pot. Natasha leant across and ruffled Clint's hair, placing a kiss to his cheek."Hypocrite." Stiles mumbled, as Natasha stuck her tongue out.  "Hey come with me I want you to meet Darcy." Stiles' hand slipped into Derek's as he dragged him over to where Darcy was curled up in a arm chair on her laptop. Stiles clicked his fingers in front of her face. She looked up and waved his arms around Derek's general presence. "Hoo Damn, Stilinski. You do not lie." She put the laptop to the side and stood up, walking around Derek like a vulture. "This will do nicely."  
   Stiles seriously doesn't know how it happened. It started as a innocent Who-Looked-Better-Without-A-Shirt modelling competition, between Thor and Derek. Of Course Stiles loved anything that involved his mates shirt being off, but when it ended up as a impromptu wrestling match between a Norse God and his Werewolf boyfriend, things got a little tense. "Your boy has some strength, Stilinski." Bruce said from beside him. Stiles grunted a agreement through biting his nail nervously. Derek seemed to be enjoying himself. Stiles took a moment from worrying about his boyfriend's well being, to remind himself to make full use of Stark industries gym and fucking boxing ring. He caught the flash of red when Derek ducked out of the way of Thor's grasp. "Breathe," Natasha clamped a hand down on the back of Stiles neck. "He's going easy on him." "I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Tony Being Tony
sterek fluff
Fluff
Domesticated Derek
Thor vs Derek
Hawkeye is a cutie
Sassy Jarvis
Alpha Derek
Stiles is a Little Shit
Darcy and Stiles bromance

fandom: 
Derek Hale/Stiles Stilinski
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

