Chapter 1: It's Complicated
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

  What is it with people saying that Sokovia was destroyed?  

2015 - Just After Age of Ultron.
Sokovia has a complicated relationship with Stark.Actually it was quite simple, the only complicated thing is how they treated the man.Yes, as far they know – most of them had slumped shoulders in exasperation when the truth was revealed – the man built some AI that almost destroyed the fucking world and ended destroying an entire city of their country.And that’s a detail that they call no attention to… the rest of the world certainly didn’t so why would they do something so politically stupid?Everybody for the last year has been broadcasting from the top of rooftops how Sokovia was destroyed, the countless deaths and destruction and how ‘Sokovia was destroyed’ and yes, it does warrant a repeat. Their country never had so much media coverage. They were a very simple country, their economy mostly based on tourism and feedstock as their major political leverage came from the fact that no air craft or vehicle could cross most places in Europe without crossing their territory first.‘Nowhere special, but the way to everywhere special’…and the Sokovians politicians were not about to bring attention to the fact that ‘Hey, Sokovia is still very much here, what Ultron destroyed was Novi Grad… a city of Sokovia… not even a state’, it wasn’t like US was destroyed, it wasn’t even Kansas destroyed, it was Kansas City… that wouldn’t exactly be smart now, would it? If people wanted to say that ‘Sokovia was destroyed’… then let them.After Novi Grad was destroyed, after all the rage and the grief and the shock waned enough for the professionals to start damage control, one thing confused all officials. There was no unrest. People were grieving, at loss and in pain. And yet… how was that any different from the last two decades of bloody civil war where missiles that weren’t even aimed at them destroyed patches of their country?Where were the armed men with ridiculous masks? Where were the bombs exploding left and right? Where were the crowds protesting something or the other? Where were the panicking families after their missing children? All the posters of missing… everyone? Where were the deaths? The terrorist threatening to explode themselves and everybody in the building alongside them? The tortured bodies showing up in rivers?For the first time in twenty years, the Sokovian government could finally put their ducks in a row and actually work, and in the end of almost seven months of investigations and those with the fancy piece of paper with ‘Political Sciences’ and accounting and fucking geopolitical college professors finally put their diplomas to use. Well… no one would ever be able to blame the newly instated Sokovian president of laughing until it hurt.Novi Grad, the Sokovian city with the worst crimes of the second half of the 20th century and the first couple of years of the 21st, was HYDRA’s strongest presence in Sokovia. That wasn’t surprising, that wasn’t even news. That city was so infested that the fact it was HYDRA was barely an afterthought. The city that would make anyone, even Americans, go ‘Gotham who’? For it wasn’t the home of the criminally insane, of psychopathic clowns and human flesh eating alligators in the sewers. They were all just human… and that was terrifying. Sokovia knew about HYDRA and they were so busy defending themselves from all sides, including from the inside, that they simply never had the bodies to put an end to the… well… Nazis.As it turns out, they should have had.HYDRA was surprisingly, or perhaps not so surprisingly, simplistic. The fact that Sokovia was in a civil war helped them infiltrate the country. The fact that it was a civil war helped conceal their own crimes – so of course HYDRA facilitated the crimes of others – even if not their presence, everybody and their mother knew they were there.At first glance, anyone would say that if Sokovia wasn’t in a civil war, then HYDRA wouldn’t have gotten their claws on them. So with everybody focused on trying to curb the civil war, HYDRA went on undisturbed. And while true enough, the fact that HYDRA was an enabler and therefor worsening the effects and consequences of the civil war to the point where their effort to curb it was rendered useless didn’t occur to anyone with the power to actually do anything about it. Hence, the situation in Novi Grad, where people can literally go to the nearest HYDRA post to fucking enlist.And they were all collectively looking at the Maximoff twins… one of which was turned into an Avenger by Captain fucking America.If it wasn’t for the fact that Sokovia was too busy cleaning up their country, finally having a moment without violence to do something, they would be all mute in complete bafflement. While the Maximoff’s situation – orphaned at young age due to a stray shell was in no wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Explanation time!
Not Wanda Friendly
at all
Tags are not here to look pretty
Moderated due to sudden influx of trolls that think that tags are here to look pretty
Civil War Team Iron Man
heavy introspection
Very little dialogue
Personification
Not Natasha Friendly
dialogue finally

fandom: 
None
