Chapter 1: First Contact
    




Chapter Text
It was supposed to be a normal mission.A safe mission, Tony had called it. A training mission, because even though Peter had been an official member of the Avengers for a year his mentor tended to forget that fact and baby him like he was still fifteen years old. Tony would argue that seventeen really wasn't that far off fifteen, and he hadn't been a member for quite a year yet, and he still wasn't responsible enough to have access to every setting programed into his webshooters, but still. He was stronger than ever, and he was a good fighter! He could handle himself in a fight.…Which he was currently proving, despite Tony's protests."Kid, how many times do I have to ask you to stay behind us? You're backup for a reason; you're supposed to keep your distance and web them up!"Peter delivered a flying kick to one of the HYDRA goons, using some of those hand-to-hand skills Black Widow had taught him to lay the guy out. A quick turn had him dodging another man, coming up behind him with a fist cocked back (as if that would be enough to take down Spider-Man). He webbed his assailant to the ground and leapt up onto the adjacent wall before he could be ambushed, as two more came out of nowhere with guns that he had to quickly snatch up for fear of being shot.
The joys of attacking a HYDRA compound.
"Kid," Tony said again, sounding a mixture of exasperated and furious. "Get back here or you're grounded, do you hear me?"Peter sent the two goons sprawling, swathed in webbing, and started the climb to the top of the building. "I have them, Mr. Stark, I can handle this! We've fought HYDRA before and—""This is a compound, not some rinky-dink base in a Queens warehouse! It's dangerous!"There was a crackle through the coms on Steve's end, then an amused, "Cut the kid some slack, Tony. We've been working forever to track this place down; we're all excited to have this over and done with!""It'll only be over and done with if none of us die as we tear this place to the ground," Tony grumbled. "Speaking of which, can we get started on the 'tearing' thing? So far all I've seen is a lot of fighting, and a lot of blood."Natasha's voice fizzed to life, the signal poor enough in such a remote part of Germany that it was hard to understand her. "We have to get inside first."There was more to the conversation after that, but Peter had reached the top of the compound and was in the midst of looking for a way in. The place was huge, all the entrances guarded heavily, but the roof was understaffed. Clint's arrows had already picked off most of the gunners, and all Peter had to do was shoot a few well-placed web grenades to pin the rest to the rooftop. Tony was overreacting, he was totally fine! He hadn't sustained so much as a scratch, and he'd cleared the roof."Karen," Peter said, "are there any structural weak points on the roof?"
"Peter, the entire structure is made of concrete. I doubt you will be able to break it, not even with your enhanced strength. I advise returning to the ground and doing as Mr. Stark ordered."
"Well you're no fun," he pouted. Then, through the coms, "The roof is clear!""Nice work," Cap said, just as Tony bit out, "Get back down here!""I'm fine! Really, Mr. Stark, this isn't a big deal!""HYDRA is a big deal!"Peter stepped to the edge of the rooftop, mindful of the gunfire below, and started picking off all the HYDRA agents in sight. He wasn't as accurate as Hawkeye, but he did manage to catch someone as they went for Steve's unprotected back, so he considered that a win."Thanks for that one, kid!""Don't praise him when he's disobeying me!"The coms fizzed out as the gunfire grew more intense, and Peter turned his attention on webbing up as many gunners as possible. Clint, perched on top of an adjacent watchtower, picked off those that Peter couldn't as the rest of the Avengers fought on the ground. They were trying and failing to get to the main entrance, which was about as heavily fortified as anything Peter had ever seen. They didn't even know why it was so heavily guarded—there was probably some big secret weapon or something in the basement, true to form, but they didn't know just yet. All they knew was that this compound was massive, had managed to stay off their radar for months, and now that they were here they weren't going to leave without taking everyone down.Woah! Peter threw himself to one side as someone finally looked up and saw him, firing in his direction. He hit the ground, rolled, and was relieved to hear Karen tell him that no, he hadn't just been shot, though it had been a little too close for comfort."Peter!""I'm fine, I'm fine!""Fine my ass," Tony grumbled. "Cap, we're ending this now. Peter, you're on the ground in five seconds or you're done for the next month."He gulped. That was Tony's or else voice, and he'd never liked what was on the other end. He stepped off the edge of the building, trusting Hawkeye to snipe anyone aiming for him on t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Sick Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

