Work Text:
Everyone always assumed that Loki was an Alpha. His posture and general attitude lent to this theory and if any were brave enough to speak otherwise they were quickly silenced. Only Frigga knew that in truth Loki was an Omega. They were rare in Asgard and were often shunned, seen as nothing more than breeding stock.Once he reached adulthood Loki had tearfully come to Frigga with an ailment that was making him ill. His very bones ached and he feared that he would burn to ashes so severe was the heat than ran through his veins. His mother had explained his status and Loki had begged her to keep it a secret. He was young and even though he was a prince his status was unlikely to keep him safe if this became common knowledge. Frigga had agreed and once a year when his heat came he was sent to Vanaheim where his aunt Freya would tend to him until the cycle had passed.During his fall and subsequent torture at the hands of the mad titan he had somehow missed his heat. For this Loki was extremely grateful, the last thing he needed was to be passed around like some type of toy, used time and again by the titan and his unholy army until his belly bulged with accursed offspring. Now, sitting behind the locked door of one of Stark’s many guest rooms, Loki could feel that familiar burning beneath his skin once more.Despite being a prisoner his accommodations were more than generous. SHIELD had wanted to take him into custody but both Thor as well as Stark had protested. Thor had claimed that Loki was his responsibility and only Asgard could judge his crimes. Surprisingly Stark had spoken up and offered his tower as a holding facility until it was time for Thor to return home. Despite the damage it was still the most secure building in the area and between the magic-suppressing cuffs and Stark’s ever vigilant AI it was unlikely that Loki could escape.At the moment Loki did want to escape but for different reasons. He twisted this way and that on the bed, the chains of his manacles rattling as he attempted to find a comfortable position. After the battle he had been allowed to eat and shower, something he hadn’t done in ages, and was given a change of clothing before Thor fastened the cuffs around his wrists. The clothing was strange, it was soft and thin, but it was better than being forced to spend the night in his bloodied armor. Unfortunately it left him without the weapons hidden within his armor but even with the cuffs Loki certainly was not defenseless.A sudden surge rolled through his body and Loki groaned, rolling onto his side in an attempt to ease the pressure on his suddenly tender backside. His erection strained against the thin material of his pants and he could feel his body become slick with desire. As much as he wanted to rut against the sheets until he came he knew it would be no use, he would just have to weather the storm and hopefully Frigga would be able to convince Odin to send Loki away to Freya before sentencing him.His thoughts were in a jumble when a sharp knock at the door made him jump. “Go away!”Despite his wishes the door was opened and he curled in on himself, hating that anyone would see him like this. “No can do, Reindeer Games.”Loki groaned to himself. “Stark.” He felt his stomach sink when the door locked behind the inventor and the faceless voice proclaimed that ‘Privacy Mode’ had been engaged. Loki could fight this mortal if necessary but it was becoming harder and harder to concentrate as he fell into the haze of his heat.The inventor inhaled deeply and Loki bit his bottom lip as his body responded to the other in the room. Of course Stark was an Alpha, no one with that much ego could be anything aside from the dominate faction. Against his will his cock spit out a glut of pre-come as his entrance clenched in need.“You know, at first I never would have pegged you as an Omega. I wasn’t even sure if they existed up there in God-Land. The way you strut around with this whole kneel before zod thing makes for a pretty convincing show.”“How?” Loki licked his too dry lips but refused to turn and look at the inventor. “How did you know?”“Your eyes. It was hard to see, I’m shocked that Natasha missed it, but since you had her Omega under your control I suppose she was a little distracted. You weren’t just observing, you were looking for a way out. I just wish I had noticed it sooner and we could have avoided the whole window fiasco.”Loki grit his teeth. “What do you want?”“You.”The word made his heated blood run cold. “You would take me against my will?”“Never. But something tells me that you’re not as unwilling as you want me to believe.” The bed dipped with Stark’s added weight.”I saw you fight in Germany and I know you were holding back against Cap. Even with those cuffs and in your state you could have me dead at your feet if you truly wanted to.” Tony’s fingers brushed against a sliver of exposed skin on Loki’s hip and the mage groaned. “That’s it, Loki, tell me what you need.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
MCU Kink Bingo
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Loki (Marvel)
Alpha/Omega
Knotting
Bonding
Mpreg
Breeding
Multiple Orgasms
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Top Tony Stark

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

