Chapter 1: Civilian
    




Chapter Text
Civilian  Amends. Thor had just made amends with his little brother. Something he hadn't been able to do in the past eight years. They'd finally put aside their differences for the greater good of their people and now it was all gone. In the blink of an eye, it was gone.Thor could gauge his own confused but battle-ready reaction to the Goliath of a spaceship in front of them, but when he looked over at Loki, all he could see was abject fear. His brother's pale skin became even paler and his brilliant emerald eyes glistened with something that was akin to a terrified child. It was almost comical how young he seemed in that moment, right before a sonic blast hit them on the starboard side of their ship. The screams of his already traumatized people erupted as the ship canted to the side, making it difficult to stand on two feet. Thor grunted out harshly as he grabbed a hold of the wall to steady himself. Loki still hadn't moved. "We've just been hit- the starboard side is down!" The Valkyrie shouted as she came barreling into the room. "Where's the nearest landing?!" He yelled as another blast crashes into the ship, shattering the glass and searing the outer walls. "Kronan! Korg says he can vouch for our safety while we're there!" Brunnhilde answers promptly and Thor is irrevocably grateful for her quick thinking. "Alright! Chart a course to Kronan immediately! We're severely outmanned and outgunned but I'll do whatever it takes to hold Thanos and his goons off!" Brunnhilde gives him a sharp nod before scampering back to control. Thor turns to Loki who still hasn't moved, his mouth hanging open slightly. "Loki! Loki- look at me!"It's useless. His brother remains catatonic even as another blast knocks him over on his ass. Thor hears the soft but laboured pants escaping the raven-haired trickster and he can't seem to grasp exactly why Loki seems so scared. "Loki, snap out of it! Brother! We need to-" A plasma cannon blasts a hole in the wall and suddenly they're confronted by a grotesque, squid looking creature. An inhuman shriek escapes Loki's lips and he backs away immediately but it's too late. The creature uses his telekinetic power to ensnare his brother and then Thor himself. "Thor!" Brunnhilde yells, charging into the room, dragon fang sword in hand but the creature sends her crashing into the wall with a mere flick of the wrist. "We only want the two Princes." He notifies her calmly, dragging them out of their ship. "Get the people to a safe place! Do not follow me!" Thor orders harshly, unable to bear the conflicted shine in the Valkyrie's eyes. "My King..." She stutters, trying to shake off the after effects of crashing into a wall. "Brunnhilde- protect the people-!" It's all he can manage before the alien drags them away.  .................."Loki." The squid looking alien- Ebony Maw, Thor had learned, threw them in a holding cell the minute they entered Thanos's ship. The newly crowned King was free long enough to see their ship narrowly escape impending death before he was carted away like a common prisoner to the dark cell both he and Loki were currently in. It would take a fool to think of Loki's behaviour as normal. Luckily, Thor was no fool and knew his brother like he knew the back of his hand or every dent and scrape on Mjolnir. Loki never froze so effectively like that, unless it was something he had experienced before. "Brother, please... snap out of it. I need you..." He whispered, his usually rough hand a gentle caress on Loki's slim, pale neck. His little brother's skin is as cold as ice and for once, it wasn't because of his Frost Giant lineage. A soft whimper chokes out of his throat and he closes in on himself. Despite the warm leathers, his entire body is shivering like a leaf so Thor does the only thing that immediately comes to mind and wraps Loki in his arms, stroking his hair soothingly, trying his best to coax his brother out of his shell. "I'm right here brother. I've got you." His heart almost leaps out of his chest when Loki buries his face in his neck, tiny whimpers huffing out of him. It's the first sign of consciousness Loki's shown in hours, so for Thor it's pretty groundbreaking. He presses a soft kiss to Loki's temple and holds him closer. "I know you're scared. I am too. No one's ever been able to escape the Mad Titan, but I promise you brother, I'll get us out of th-" "How sweet?" A sarcastic voice rudely interrupts. Maw emerges out of the darkness and gazes down at them as if they're nothing more than dirt beneath his boots. Thor glares back at him with just as much contempt. He feels Loki curling in on himself, the shivering starting back up with a fervour. "I'd tread carefully if I were you, Maw." He threatens, only to be met with amusement from the alien squid. "Spare me the dramatics, Asgardian. You are under the jurisdiction of the Almighty Thanos and therefore, no threat is greater than his. You do not scare me." Seemingl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Gamora/Peter Quill

freeform: 
Non-Consensual Touching
Torture
Psychological Torture
Rabbits
Making Up
Love
Falling In Love
Friendship
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Infinity Gauntlet
Infinity Gems
Eventual Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Relationship(s)
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Spoilers
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Hurt Loki (Marvel)
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt
Tender Sex
Sexual Tension
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Intersex Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Gamora/Peter Quill

