Chapter 1: back to the grind
    




Chapter Text
“Peter, I know it’s been a minute and I know you’re doing the college thing, but give me a call ASAP. It’s Spiderman-related.”Peter stared at the phone in his hand, exhausted. White noise buzzed in the back of his head. His eyes hurt, his back hurt, his shoulders hurt. And he knew exactly why Mr. Stark was calling. He just didn’t know if he had the emotional or physical capacity to do what he was going to ask.Spiderman was on hiatus while Peter Parker completed his Master’s in Material Science and Engineering at Cornell. He’d made a few exciting appearances over the summer and winter breaks for the last year and a half, but this year? Ha ha, no. Fuck no. Fuck that. Peter needed to spend his valuable time regretting every decision he’d ever made which led him to try to get a Master’s like a fucking moron.He dropped the phone on his face.It was Fate speaking. Punishing him for his hubris.He groaned out loud in the darkness of his room.The guy in the apartment above him was playing something with a heavy base.Peter needed sleep. He needed sleep, and then he needed about a pint of coffee, and then he needed to update the journal’s website, and after all that was done he would call Mr. Stark back for sure.He threw the phone into the laundry hamper and rolled over with enormous effort.  “Kid, I know you got that last message, which is why I know that you know that you can’t avoid this. Call me back. Now.”Peter dropped his head against his desk and groaned out loud.He had homework, Mr. Stark. And group work, and lab work, and work-work, and the all-important task of cultivating self-loathing.It was a busy fucking schedule, Mr. Stark. Where exactly was a 4 hour car ride and Spiderman supposed to fit into that?He took his head off the table and took some deep, steady breaths. In. 1. 2. 3. Out. 1. 2. 3. Priorities. He needed to study because he had an assessment for semi-conductors tomorrow. It was at 8 ‘o clock in the morning. He could not afford to fail that test. He could not. After that, he would call Mr. Stark.  “Peter if you don’t call me back, I will take the suit and fly my old-ass over there. I will hack every computer you own. I will call every one of your professors. Call. Me. Now.”It took five minutes of deep breathing before Peter was willing to relinquish the fantasy of finding the nearest lake and hurling his phone into it. His calendar told him he had to TA in fifteen minutes.He dialed while deep breathing.“Thank Jesus, he lives,” Mr. Stark answered.“I. Am. Very. Very. Busy,” Peter gritted out, as calmly and clearly as he could. He gave himself points for not crying. Honestly, he deserved like a million points for not crying every day he didn’t. On the days he did, he deserved partial credit.“Doing what? Homework? C’mon kid, you’re smarter than that, you don’t need homework.”Peter heroically tamped down the fantasies of phone-throwing again.“I can’t,” He said with finality, knowing that Mr. Stark would know exactly which question he was answering.“Peter, I’m not asking you to do this as Tony Stark.”“I can’t. I’ll say it one more time. I can’t.”“This is New York, Peter. This is your home.”“And this is my life, Mr. Stark. My future. If I could, you know I’d be there. I’ve gone back every time you’ve asked. Every time they’ve needed me. But I can’t anymore. Not right now; I have to do what’s right for me. And getting the living shit beaten out of me weeks before finals is not right for me.”There was a long silence on the other end of the line.“This is what’s right for Spiderman.”Peter laughed. And laughed and laughed.“Peter, you know what I mean. Spiderman protects New York City—”“Spiderman protected New York City,” Peter corrected, “And Spiderman will continue to protect New York City, once Spiderman gets his goddamn diploma. Don’t call me again.”He hung up fucking furious.  “Peter, listen. I talked to Pepper and Rhodey and they think I approached this in the wrong way, and I think they’re totally right, but—”Peter deleted the message.  TS: Peter, call me.TS: Answer your phone.TS: Answer your phone.TS: Answer your phone.TS: Answer your phone.TS: Answer your phone.TS: GODDAMNIT KID I AINT FUCKING AROUND ANY MORE.TS: Fuck, sorry that was uncalled for.TS: Peter. Please.PP: I am busy. Leave me the fuck alone. Put out an Avengers Assemble if you want a hero so bad.  
AA: AVENGERS ASSEMBLE. ALL AVAILABLE BODIES TO LOCATION 4. 
CAP: Currently occupied.BLW: Currently occupied x2. Our ETA 2 hrs minFAL: Currently occupied x3HKY: Man I am litakhrkgaehHKY: asdkfhsdfeelHKY: asdopo l,;.;l.;.;.;.;l.;HKY: asdiuaweiwoeljllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllWNS: the fuck are you barton you aren’t in my sightsWNS: Nvm found him. ETA 45 min need a medicATM: OtwSCW: On the wayHLK: I’m in Ottawa; is this an actual emergencyIRM: Like a Level 7. Sending QuinjetHLK: get fucked. Hulk only comes out for 11  Peter slammed his head 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
peter parker & the city of new york basically
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
peter and his cobbled together team of precious children

freeform: 
Team Red
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Graduate School
Superheroes
Reunited and It Feels So Good
Aged-Up Character(s)
peter is 25 in this
Overworking
Work-Life Balance
what work-life balance
Teambuilding
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
peter parker & the city of new york basically
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker
Matt Murdock & Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Matt Murdock/Franklin "Foggy" Nelson
peter and his cobbled together team of precious children

