Chapter 1: Deja Vu
    




Chapter Text
It started with the new girl at Starbucks.Pepper had been getting increasingly annoying about Tony neglecting his responsibilities to his company, not to mention his impulsive and destructive tendencies on top of it all. He couldn't help it, really.He didn't usually  try to avoid Pepper, but he'd had a hard time facing her since they'd broken up after the fiasco in New York. It was too much for her to deal with. Being in a relationship with someone who risked getting himself killed on a daily basis was just too much for her to handle. That was her excuse, at least. Tony still loved her more than anything. Seeing her constant disapproval with almost everything he did was starting to drive him crazy. So he avoided her as much as possible. He'd either sneak into his workshop and waste the whole day there, or slink out of the mansion to pretend to do his job as the owner of Stark Industries. It was becoming a problem. Tony Stark does not tip-toe. He struts.He used to, anyway.The days that he left the mansion, he'd stop at Starbucks for his coffee. Making his own meant increasing his chances of bumping into Pepper by at least forty percent. If nothing else, he'd kind of fallen into a routine of sorts. Get out of bed, take a shower and get dressed. Proceed to stealthily make his way out of the mansion, and hit up Starbucks on the way to work. Then hang out at the company building for a while, and go get shitfaced at some shady bar when he got bored. After that, pick up a date and/or puke in the back of a taxi on the way back home. Finally, possibly have nightmares of throwing a nuke into space, and have a mental breakdown or two... Hopefully after Pepper kicked out whoever he dragged in.Rinse and repeat.It really was pretty fucking pathetic."I'll take a mocha latte with vodka and Valium, please babe." He said jokingly to the new girl behind the counter at Starbucks. She glared at him humorlessly with her oddly menacing bright emerald green eyes. He couldn't help himself, really. Usually it was this lanky red-haired teenage guy with a major acne problem and PMS to rival Pepper's. But this new girl, he could get used to her. She was really something. He could tell from the way her sadly unflattering Starbuck's uniform fell over her curves that she had a body a goddess would envy. Never mind the size of those breasts; he really hoped it wasn't one of those goddamn deceiving Victoria's Secret push-up bras. How he hated those. Still, he loved the way the long gold chain with the small plain round pendant rested between them – framed by a plunging white v-neck that was definitely against the uniform code. Tony licked his lips thinking of running his fingers through that absolutely luscious wavy waist-length ebony hair. If only the place weren't swarming with noisy virgin hipsters, he'd try to get her to come by the mansion later."I have no idea what you are talking about." She said blankly, and pointedly raised her eyebrows. Obviously she noticed him staring at her chest. "We do not serve that." Tony rolled his eyes."No sense of humor, huh? Fine. Just a regular large coffee. Light, no sugar." Tony sighed. "Do I know you?""Do I truly, or is it my breasts that have sparked your memory? Only, it seems you are far more interested in them than your coffee, Sir." She replied in an even tone with a hint of venom. He couldn't shake the feeling that something about her seemed familiar, though."That will be $3.95, please." She added when Tony was at a sudden, not to mention completely uncharacteristic, loss of words. He dug in his jeans pocket for the cash and slid it across the counter to her with his best cocky smile. Was it always that expensive or is she just fucking with me? He thought as she counted the change."I'd remember those tits, honey. Even if they're silicone." Tony said as he dodged a few of the aforementioned noisy hipsters on the way out the door. There was always tomorrow. Maybe he'd pick up someone hotter at the bar later, or at least someone he could get drunk enough to think was hot.He immediately regretted going to hang out at the Stark Industries Building. As soon as he walked in, he was almost bodily dragged into a board meeting. Really, they should just call the stupid things 'bored' meetings. It wasn't like they needed his input. Tony had nothing to do with the finances unless a new product was being launched or something. This is Pepper's job, he thought irritably. There wasn't even anything halfway interesting to look at in the room. Everything was just sort of smooth and in shades of beige. All clean angles and flat surfaces. That whole modern geometric scheme. Normally he liked that style of decor, but today it felt a cage. It took all of Tony's self-control not to drum his fingertips on the flecked formica tabletop as Pepper's butch secretary ranted about expenditures and plummeting stocks. He tried not to let out a bark of laughter at the pudgy middle aged m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Lady Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Genderfluid
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Snarky Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Loki Needs a Hug
Manipulative Loki
Humor
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
I Don't Even Know
I Can't Believe I Wrote This
Drunken Shenanigans
loki is a little shit
Slash
Canon-Typical Violence
Porn With Plot
Romance
Drama
Swearing
Bondage
Bondage and Discipline
Hurt/Comfort
Slow Build
FrostIron - Freeform
Forced Bonding
Love Spell
Steve Rogers is a prude
Smut
Dirty Talk
Masturbation

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Lady Loki/Tony Stark

