Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Sir you have call on the line”“Thank you kindly Jarvis” Tony said with a smirk as he picked up his phone.“This is Stark” He said firmly“Hello Mr. Stark my name is Caroline Frederica and I work for Child Services and I’m calling in regards to your son- “Tony who was half listening at the time was in the middle of drinking of his coffee when he here son and spit it all over his lab ordered Dum-E to clean it up, before getting back to the call.“My WHAT?” what are you talking about?” Tony Exclaimed “Do you know the name Mary Parker, Mr. Stark?” Caroline asked“I don’t know Possibly, I’ve met many women in my life. Tony sighed. “Mr. Stark, Mary Parker had a son Peter, Peter Parker. He is 6 years old, he’s yours.”Tony was at a loss for words he hardly could remember who Mary was now he was being told that her son was his and he didn’t know about it.“Mr. Stark are you still there?”“Yes Sorry you just shook my world telling me I knocked up a girl and she didn’t decide to clue me in till now?”“Mr. Stark that’s not why we called-“tony was beyond confused“We called because Mary & her husband Richard were killed in a plane crash, so Peter’s next living relative is you.”	Tony didn’t know what to say he’s never met the kid and now he’s being asked to care for him. It made tony think about his parents, how they were taken from him as well. “Well at least we got something in common” he muttered grimly“I’m not father material, I had no good examples growing up and it wasn’t until recently I wasn’t a complete mess myself.” Tony thinking about Howard in the back of his mind“Mr. Stark if you don’t take him he will go into the foster care system. We searched for other relatives but none are still with us, his uncle was killed and his aunt died last year in a car accident.”“Poor kid all that happened to him? I can relate to losing the parents but everyone close to him damn.”He quickly shot Pepper a message that he needed to talk like now.“Where is the kid now?”“Currently at Queens’s memorial Hospital”“Was he hurt?” he asked nervously “No he was he after his mother was brought in after the accident and we have an office on site, he didn’t want to leave.” She responded sadly.Tony rubbed his face and sighed Pepper was going to kill him probably, but it was the right thing to do. “I’ll be there in 30 minutes.”“Fantastic Mr. stark I look forward to seeing you and I’m sure peter does too. May have a few things to sign depends how it goes I might just fax it at a later time.“Ok see you soon.” Tony Sighed his life was about to drastically changeNot even a minute later Pepper walked into his lab asking what was so important.“Pep you may want to sit down.” Tony said cautiously“Tony I swear to god if your dying again I’ll kill you first myself.” She retorts“No I’m not dying but apparently I am a father” tony paused and looked at pepper“What?” Pepper’s Eyes were wide“My playboy ways are coming to bite me in the ass I guess. Few years ago at a convention a woman named Mary Parker and me being me back in those days apparently back in those days forgot protection, I’m just confused why she did try getting money from me like all the other girl I slept with back in those days lying they were pregnant and shit she actually was and didn’t say a word. She didn’t want me know I had a kid. The only reason I found out was…” tony trailed off.Pepper was stunned “Why Tony?”“Mary and her husband died in an accident and child services just called and told me I’m his only living relative, I’ve never even met the kid.” Tony seemed shaken“Tony are you trying to tell me you’re going to take this kid in?”  Pepper looked shocked.Tony just stared at her after a minute or two of silence he said quietly “he’s got no one left, I’m all he got, and even you’ve said I’ve changed.“Yes but Tony a child? When you can barely take care of yourself?”“I can learn” Tony Replied Simply “He’s not going into foster care if I can stop it. I had to suffer alone when I lost my parents. I’m going to do my best to make sure he doesn’t go through that alone.”Pepper was in awe of Tony “You won’t be alone Tony I Help as much as I can but I think at first it best for you to get to know each other”“Your right Pep thanks for your support.” He kissed her goodbye and walked out of the lab.The drive to the hospital was the longest of his life it seemed he kept thinking of his parents, to Howards lack of love or affection, to the beating he would sometimes receive from Howard, to his mother being the complete opposite loving and caring and their deaths which still hurt as tony removed his sunglasses and walked inside the hospital he promised himself he would not end up like Howard.As he followed the signs for child services, he finally found the office at the end of the hall. Once he got to the office he knocked and entered.“Mr. Stark nice to finally meet you.” Caroline said“Likewise. Where is the little tyke?” tony asked looking around the room seeing it covered in L
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Iron Dad
spider son
Tony is a dad
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Cute
peter is a young kid
peter is 6 in the beginning
I'm Bad At Tagging
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Growing Up
Fluff
chapter 17 is post infinity war

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

