Work Text:
It started with a picture.Tony would argue that point, but everyone really knew it started with a picture, the first picture of Steve Rogers on his brand new Instagram. It was a fantastic picture, made even better by the fact that Steve wasn’t actually looking at the camera. He was standing off to the corner, peering over the vast expanse of the Grand Canyon, hands on his hips, emphasizing his enviable shoulder to waist proportions. The picture was made even better by one Sam Wilson, whose goofy expression took up the entire bottom half of the photograph. It was innocuous enough of a picture, but the fact that Steve Rogers, the world’s first superhero, now had an Instagram was enough to send the internet into a frenzy.As Steve and Sam climbed into the small Volkswagon Bug the two of them had rented for the express purpose of taking this trip, Steve’s Nokia flip phone began blowing up with the obnoxious “Star Spangled Man with a Plan” ringtone. Rolling his eyes, Steve dug into his pocket and pulled out the phone.“What do you want Tony?”“Did you know that you actually  broke  the Internet?”Steve sighed.“It’s impossible to actually break the Internet, Tony.”“Well you did. I’m offended. I can’t believe that you broke the Internet and I wasn’t even there to help you! You brought along Wilson? I’ve been trying to break the Internet for years! One dumb picture of you at the Grand Canyon and suddenly you might as well be posing naked on a magazine - hey do you think that would work?”“Tony, all you have to do is  google  your name and people can see more of you than they would ever want to, so I don’t think that you posing naked would really do much to break the Internet.”Next to him, Sam choked on the water he was currently gulping down and spluttered with laughter.On the phone, from across state lines, Tony was also spluttering in indignation.“Just you wait Rogers. I’ll break the Internet harder than you ever did.”“I don’t think that’s the correct verb,” Steve interjected mildly.“Look, just wrap up your little sad road trip with Wilson and come to Malibu. There are people I want to introduce you to - including a couple of other nonagenarians you might get along with - and I want to play with Wilson’s wings.”Before Steve could say anything else, Tony hung up the phone without any sort of farewell. Steve sighed. He closed the flip phone and tossed it in the back of the car, reaching for the iPhone resting on the dashboard, as Sam started the car.“Man, are you ever planning on clueing Stark into the fact that you know exactly what’s up with this century?”A smirk curled around Steve’s lips as he glanced at Sam. He laughed when his friend groaned.“Not a chance in hell.” 
 capattack:  

Oh my god you guys cap is on instagram!!

212 notes
#captain america #steve rogers #my life is complete
 
dailycaptainamerica:
 

[image: a selfie from above, with Sam Wilson squinting and making a duck face, at the edge of the Grand Canyon. Visible in the upper left corner of the photo is Steve Rogers, his back to the camera, his hands on his hips. The caption reads: ‘Welcome to the Grand Canyon (and the new century) Cap!’]

1,045 notes
#captain america, #steve rogers, #sam wilson, #instagram
 
~★~ Captain America ~★~ @capfanaccount
Okay, Cap has Instagram. All that’s next is for him to get a Twitter and wage war on the president. 
Leon @leonthelion
Considering how long it took him to get on Instagram, I wouldn’t hold my breath 
 The first thing Steve had done, after his mandatory S.H.I.E.L.D ‘orientation into the 21st century’ - as Steve had taken to calling those first two weeks out of the ice - was shake his S.H.I.E.L.D. tail long enough to march straight into an Apple Store and purchase an iPhone. The window of opportunity was much smaller than Steve had anticipated - and he wondered if that was because of the technology S.H.I.E.L.D. seemed adamantly against introducing him to, or if spies really had gotten better over the years.But Peggy Carter had taught Steve how to spot a tail from a mile away and that much hadn’t changed, even seventy years in the future.Nevertheless, it had been enough time for Steve to be outfitted with a phone, fully equipped with texting, calling, Internet, and something the employee referred to as data. Steve would figure out what that meant later and become relieved that he had allowed the salesman to talk him into signing onto the unlimited plan. Steve had just pocketed the new cell phone - which everyone seemed to have some version of in the future, whether it was from Apple, or the store branded with the Stark logo - when two S.H.I.E.L.D. employees walked in. Steve adopted a confused, apologetic expression which had them convinced in seconds that the idea of a shopping mall had simply been too much for him to handle and he had wound up lost, in perhaps the most confusing store he could have found himself in.Although Steve was glad the ruse worked, it remained infuriating.The future was diffic
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Nakia (Black Panther)/T'Challa

freeform: 
millennial!Cap
Shrunkyclunks
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Memes
Steve Rogers is a little shit
Captain America Reverse Big Bang 2018
Mixed Media

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Nakia (Black Panther)/T'Challa

