Work Text:
They’re back, and Tony tries not to think about it too much. It’s not easy, not with them all over the news constantly and every other reporter in town trying to get Tony to give an interview about them, but he tries.
He knows that if they’d come back earlier, a year or even just a few months ago, he’d have been a lot more of a mess. He’d still been blaming himself then, feeling their loss, wishing he could have them back. If they’d come back then, he’d likely have let them step all over him again, let things go back to “normal,” except with even more derision and blame and outright hatred aimed at him by them. He’d have given everything to them, just like he did before, and accepted their treatment of him as something he deserved.
Now, though, things are different. A year away, time to be on his own with his real friends, the good team he’s built, and the therapist Rhodey and Pepper finally convinced him to start seeing. Time to heal from what was done to him, and more importantly, to understand exactly how bad it was. To come to realize that real friends and real teammates don’t act like the Avengers did, and don’t treat each other the way they treated Tony. That he deserved better from them, and that there’s nothing holding him back from cutting ties completely.
So he does. He’s built the Avengers back up within the revised Accords to be a real, sturdy team with real processes and procedures in place, not just a group of vigilantes that does whatever they want and hopes one member of the team takes care of it all behind closed doors. They’re a functioning team that’s handling their assignments well—better, in fact, than the old Avengers ever did—and the additions of others like Stephen, Hope, and Carol have only made them stronger than ever. They certainly don’t need any of his former teammates.
He’s not an idiot; he knows pardons for them are in the works. But he knows how to fake ignorance, to pretend he doesn’t know anything about it, so that when the politicians eventually approach him, he can fake surprised hesitance and make it sound genuinely apologetic. He keeps out of it, lets them happen—he likely wouldn’t be able to stop the pardons themselves anyway—and doesn’t offer to lift a single finger for them. 
Eventually, the people bringing them back conclude that he’s not going to offer anything on his own, and instead approach him, just like he expected. They explain the pardons like he’s never heard of the concept, trying to convince themselves that the reason he’s been absent from their proceedings is his ignorance of the pardons, not his indifference.
He listens with politely detached interest, and when they’re done, simply says, “Thank you for informing me of the development. I suppose we’ll be expecting a reduced workload from the Council, now that there’s going to be another team operating in the area.”
The others look surprised; he sees one of them shift uncomfortably. “Another team?”
Tony raises his eyebrows. “I assume that the pardoned criminals in question are going to be staying together to operate as a team. Am I mistaken?”
He sees the way they flinch slightly at his use of the word criminals and keeps his face carefully neutral. “Well, ah…” one of them begins hesitantly, “we assumed they would be integrating back into your team, sir.”
Tony sits back and pretends to contemplate this for half a second. “The Avengers aren’t currently looking for new members, and while we’re always on the lookout for potential recruits, I don’t believe we have any interest in or need for any of the people in question.”
He can see that they’re taken aback and resists the urge to roll his eyes. “But they were Avengers already,” one of them offers, to which Tony shakes his head.
“Under an old system, one that was unprofessional and unsustainable, and which caused an unacceptable amount of damage. The new policies of the Avengers are very different, and they require thorough physical and psychological evaluation for any new members, as well as a trial and training period. Any or all of the former Avengers are welcome to submit an individual application, which will be reviewed and voted on by the Board, if they truly wish to rejoin the Avengers. I’m simply informing you that I believe, realistically, the chances of every one of them being approved are not very high. Additionally,” he adds as one of them opens their mouth, “I was also under the assumption that the… team in question is willing to operate only under the leadership of Mr. Rogers, and if they were to apply to join the new Avengers, they would be required to defer to the current leadership. As no leadership roles are currently unfilled in the Avengers, it is highly unlikely that Mr. Rogers would find himself in such a position again. However, if they form their own team, they are welcome to structure leadership and assign roles however they would like.”
There’s a few moments of awkward silence as they fidget, trying to find some way around 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
other canon characters present/mentioned
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Author is Bitter
not team Cap friendly
bucky neutral though

fandom: 
None
