Chapter 1: Hope Is A Dangerous Thing
    




Chapter Text
He was sniffling pretty hard and he knew it, but he just couldn't seem to stop and it was embarrassing because big boys weren't supposed to cry over dumb things and this was super dumb. Like the dumbest. He angrily wiped at his eyes with his sleeve. “Wade, darling?” Wade froze. Slowly, very slowly, he let his eyes drift up to see his mom coming his way in large strides. Soft, warm arms wrapped around him and Wade bit his lip to keep himself from bursting into more tears. He loved his mom’s hugs. They were safe and comfy and perfect. He also hated them just a little because they always happened when he was upset and if he was already upset, they just made everything feel like it was too much. So, yeah, he hated the hugs. He didn't hate them enough to push her away, though. His little arms held her tight and his fists clenched in the back of her shirt as a tear slipped down his cheek and he swallowed. Her hand rubbed soothingly down his back and he buried his face in her shoulder. “What happened, my baby boy?” she asked, her voice soft and caring, sweet like honey. His mom was perfect like that. She always knew just how to say things. Little Wade choked back a small sob. “D-Daddy-" he bit back a low cry and held onto her a little tighter. “Daddy says I’m gonna- gonna be an… an  omega,”  he whispered. Her arms went tense around him and she was silent for a long time and Wade couldn't help it. He let out a small sob. She wasn't denying it. He was going to be  weak.  Daddy said so. The kids at school kept picking on him because he was little.  Like a girl,  they said.  Like an omega,  they said. “Oh, Wade,” his mom whispered. He pulled back to look at her, at the tears in her eyes. His heart was sinking, and his stomach, and everything was so much blurrier than before. “Baby boy,” she said softly, her right hand wiping a tear track lightly from his cheek, her left hand squeezing his free hand tightly now, little strands of her golden blonde hair sticking to her neck with the tears that were falling silently. “You listen to me .”  Her voice was a lot deeper and Wade stood up as tall as he could and tried his hardest to pay attention. He looked up at her with wide watery eyes. “Omega boys are very  very  rare. Your Daddy… he can be a little mean sometimes, but he just wants to protect you, make you stronger like the Alpha I  know  you're going to be.” Her hand carded through his hair lightly and he leaned into the touch, blinking to clear his eyes. When she kept talking, her words were slower, like she didn't want to say them out loud. “And if… if  not  , then there's nothing wrong with being an… with being anything  else.”  Wade’s chest felt tight. She couldn't even say the word out loud. It was that bad. It made him so much more scared. Because omega boys were rare, but omega boys weren't  wanted.  Omega girls were still sort of rare, but they were protected. They were  loved . Omega boys were thrown away. Everyone knew that. Even the kids at school knew that. Even in the third grade. It was solid fact. Wade could only hope that his mom was right. Wade hadn't presented yet. No one presented before they turned sixteen. He could still hope. His mom had said Wade would be an alpha. She  lied.  _____________________ Wade was nine when his mom died. It didn't come as a big surprise. He'd known for a long time that she was sick. That didn't mean it didn't hurt. He had seen her waste away on bright white sheets that smelled as lifeless as the rest of the hospital. He had gone with his Dad to visit every day. He had seen his Dad holding onto his Mom’s hand and showing emotions for her that he never showed for  Wade.  But Wade pushed that pain away. He pushed it away because his Mom kept talking about going away, and Wade didn't want her to go away. He didn't want to be alone. His mom was everything to him. Wade was there when the doctor told her the treatment had failed. He wasn't supposed to be, the doctors told his Dad to send him outside, but his Dad said Wade could handle it if he didn't want to be a sniveling omega. Wade stayed. He cried. His Dad sneered at him and it only made him cry harder, his face buried into his Mom’s shoulder as she held him, her hug nowhere near as tight as it used to be. His mom gave him a stuffed animal for his ninth birthday. A unicorn, white with a golden horn and a blend of blues and purples for the tail and mane. She said it was her favorite as a kid and she said that if he ever missed her, he could hold it and she would always be with him. Whenever he needed her. Wade smiled so wide it hurt because even if his Dad hated it, the toy was  special.  It was his mom’s favorite and that made it the most important to Wade. And then she sent Wade one last soft, tired smile, squeezed his hand, and Wade felt her hand go limp in his. He watched with wide terrified eyes as her eyes grew a shade duller under the bright hospital lights and 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha!Spidey
omega!Wade
Omega Oppression
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
Being an alpha is not an excuse to be an asshole
Omegas aren't weak
Wade has been through some serious shit it's so sad
Nobody ever gives Wade a fair chance until Spidey
Wade is a sweetheart
Deadpool is violent but he's still very sweet and Peter doesn't know how to handle that
The Non-con tag is from before: Peter wouldn't do that to Wade
Precious Peter Parker
(Brief) Necrophilia- Not between the main characters.
Fret Not! Peter and Wade Don't Die In This Work
Slow Burn
This is literally the slowest of burns
It will likely end at over 100k words
Do not read if unprepared for the number of misunderstandings ahead
You Have Been Warned
Peter is a reckless bean
Wade is protective as hell
Spideypool Goes To The Musical
Watch The Hamilton Musical Animatic and cry dammit
Tears will be shed
Some real emotion here beware fools
For those asking: yes there is a happy ending
Angst with a Happy Ending
A very Happy ending
So there actually is a major character death but they come back I swear
I feel like I should make a new tag for this level of angst???
nuclear angst
Nuclear Angst With A Happy Ending
Anal Sex
Rimming
Blow Jobs
Bondage
Web Bondage
sex with feelings

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

