Chapter 1: The First Time We Met (I Didn't Know What To Think)
    




Chapter Text




    
Iron Man
     ''Go out and take a break. Have some fun. You're still young and it wouldn't do you any good to stay cooped up in the Sanctum. Go and find someone, do whatever you want. Just be back tomorrow morning and make sure I never hear about what exactly you did.''  Stephen had been surprised at Wong's words, but he'd taken the advice and stepped out, dressing casual for the first time in months. So far, it had been good. He'd dropped in on Christine, visited the hospital, to see how things were going, and just strolled around, his hands shoved in his pockets all the time. The only thing that could have made this better would have been company. Someone his own age, somebody to talk to or spend the night with. But friends were few and far in between, and partners usually preferred steady hands.  "Are you planning on reporting on the lives we saved with the intellicrop division?" His attention reached a small posse of bodyguards, surrounding two women, one dressed in a professional skirt and blouse, with blonde hair and cherry lipstick. The other was... Stephen felt a sense of awe. The other was Toni Stark.  A year ago, he would have ignored the presence or acted superior to hide his admiration. But a lot could change in a year and his arrogance had been knocked down several pegs. He walked up to the pair, knowing the bodyguards would stop him.  "All those breakthroughs- military funding, honey."  "Dr Stark," he called her by her proper title and she stopped, focusing on him. Her eyes widened a little as she looked him up and down, before she smiled.  "Hi," she said, clearly dismissing the reporter. The built man, who'd had his hand on Stephen's chest, let go at her greeting.  "I just wanted to congratulate you on that last award you received," Stephen said. "And the diamond-refracted laser you released some time ago. It's truly a brilliant idea."  Dr Stark's entire demeanor changed: her eyes brightened and her lips quirked in a more genuine way. "Thank you," she said warmly. "It's not often someone is aware of SI's accomplishments apart from weapons, Mr...?"  "Dr Stephen Strange," he supplied. "I was a neurosurgeon and I know about it because I spoke at a medical conference recently about it."  "Dr Strange, yeah, I think I remember attending one of your talks a couple years ago," she mused.  Stephen wondered if she knew anything else about him. The question was answered when her gaze flicked down to his scarred hands.  "So what do you now?" She asked and Stephen was grateful she hadn't pointed out his inability to perform surgery any more.  "I still write and give speeches, and paid very handsomely for it, Dr Stark, so I'm fine."  Dr Stark laughed. "Call me Toni. And aren't we all?" She joked and something about the way she was looking at him gave him pause. The light hit her face just right and Stephen was surprised to see the obvious flirty look in her eyes. She had her head tilted as she looked up at the taller man, her grin sharp and coy and he... He couldn't understand why.  Toni Stark was famous as a player, the girl who never called a guy back. She could have anyone she wanted, and right now that was him. A year ago, he wouldn't have had trouble believing it. But, now? He wasn't sure, if he should...? But, Wong had said to find someone, hadn't he?  Toni giggled. "For a supposed genius, you take too long to think," she informed him.  "For a supposed genius, you don't seem to think very often at all," he shot back without thinking. Again, she surprised him by outright laughing.  "Touché," she agreed. "It's never bothered me before."  "I never lost any sleep over it, either," Stephen agreed. 'Fuck it,' he thought. It was what he wanted and if she wanted it too and didn't have any issues with trembling hands, then, well, he wasn't one to look a gift horse in the mouth. "Though I am prepared to lose a few hours tonight."  Toni grinned again and before he knew it, Stephen was being gently tugged into a car.  The rest of the night passed with small but strong, rough hands gripping his scarred, shaking ones, full lips pressed against his own, his mouth nipping at her collarbone and teasing remarks whispered in giddiness. It was one of the best nights Stephen had had, for more reasons than just the obvious one.  He woke up alone, of course, and was politely kicked out by another beautiful red-headed woman, Pepper Potts. But he couldn't lose his satisfied smirk and Wong's words of greeting were, "Judging purely by that expression, you had a good night and I don't want to hear about it."     "As of right now, eight soldiers are dead, three of whom had been the armed escorts for billionaire Antonia Stark. The genius herself has been declared missing, as no body was found, and a search has already been put into effect by the military. Stark's close friend, Colonel James Rhodes, who is also the military liaison for Sta
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Female Tony Stark
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Mostly Canon Compliant

fandom: 
Stephen Strange/Tony Stark
past Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

