Chapter 1





Chapter Text
He couldn’t breathe or think or move. He was crying without realizing it. He was hurting so bad. Peter. Peter. Peter. He was gone, and he wasn’t coming back, and-
Tony was shaking. The red sky of Titin was killing his eyes or maybe that was just the tears. He couldn't really focus on it. He couldn't focus on anything really except for all the missed chances. All the missed chances with the kid that got him through most days. He never got to thank Peter for everything they'd done together. He never got to thank his kid. He never got to apologize.
“We have to get off this planet.”
The slightly metal tinge to the woman’s voice startled him. That’s right. He wasn’t the only one that had been forced to survive. It took him a moment to focus on her statement.
“What’s your name?” he croaked, managing to uncurl from himself and stand on shaky legs.
“Nebula,” she said after a moment of hesitation. “We have to get off of this planet,” she repeated, “It’s killing you.”
Tony barked a laugh, running a hand through his grimy hair. Dust particles fell off his fingertips. Peter. “That might be an improvement at this point.”
Nebula sneered. “You aren’t the only one who lost somebody, terran. Stop feeling sorry for yourself. Obviously, you’re needed to defeat my father or the sorcerer would not have sacrificed a stone for you. Not his finest moment, but perhaps you are more useful than you look. I am not letting you kill yourself after all that was given up for you. And if you have any inkling of revenge for Thanos, you won’t let yourself die either.”
Tony clenched his jaw and took a breath. Right. Because even though Tony couldn't protect his kid, Thanos could be damn well sure he'd avenge him.
“Right, so how do we get off this planet?”
Nebula pointed to Quill’s ship. "I’ll have to make some repairs, but it’ll be operational in about twenty ticks.”
“What the hell is a tick?” Tony didn't really care, but anything to distract him would be enough.
She cocked her head at him. “About five terran minutes.”
“Okay, what can I do?”
Nebula smirked at him, already turning away from him. “Nothing, unless you’ve worked with alien spaceships before.”
“Is it similar to Chitauri tech?”
Nebula shrugged. “Not too different.”
“Then I can help.”
The blue-skinned woman sighed. “Just don’t get in my way.”
 
After about ten minutes, Tony got a rough idea of what he was doing. Nebula must have found his help invaluable because she only yelled at him twice.
It took a little under an hour to fix the ship and at that point, the air was getting a little thin for Tony, so he grabbed an oxygen mask from one of the emergency kits and slipped it on. Nebula didn’t even glance at him as she slid into the captain’s chair and took off.
As soon as Tony sat down in the chair next to the half-robot, the grief hit him in full force again.
He tensed, trying to keep himself from sinking into oblivion, but it was too much, it was all too much.
When he needed a recruit, he had Peter.
When he needed to worry about someone other than himself, he had Peter.
When Banner was gone, and he had no one to tech with, he had Peter.
When he was tired and couldn’t deal with himself anymore, he had Peter.
When he got a barrage of emails from Ross, he had Peter.
When he was attacked by a grape-faced alien, he had Peter.
And he’d taken it all for granted.
And now Peter was gone.
He had no more tears left to cry, so he just let his exhaustion take over and submerged into unconsciousness.
 
When he awoke again, his oxygen mask was gone and they were orbiting the earth. The alien girl was asking him something, something he couldn’t quite make out.
“What?” he croaked, shifting.
She growled. “Where are we landing, terran?”
He blinked, thinking. “Wakanda. Take me to Wakanda.”
“And where is that?”
“Here,” he pushed a few buttons on the console, finding earth on the 3D map and tapping the African country. “Now, I’m going back to sleep.”
She was snapping something at him, but he was already falling into numbing unconsciousness.
 
Tony awoke again to an empty ship. That stupid woman left him asleep. He got up slowly, only allowing himself to think about the next movement, the next step. He focused on one thing at a time because otherwise... he didn’t think about otherwise.
He managed to walk over to the entrance of the ship and found Nebula sitting there, tinkering.
“I thought you said this ship worked?”
She didn't even look up at him. “Just because something works doesn’t mean it can’t be improved.”
Tony sighed, “Are we in Wakanda?”
“As far as I know,” she kept working.
Tony shook his head and left the ship. For a moment, he just stood in the sunlight, trying to adjust to earth again.
Earth without Peter Parker.
He shoved those thoughts from his mind. One step at a time.
Thinking things through. How much damage. He had to assess the damage. The fact that Nebula got into Wakanda either meant that their shields were down, or she was an amazing hacker. Possibly both. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Tony is trying to cope
Nebula is done with people
Steve and Tony coming together after the war
Angst
sooooo much angst
Don't worry
I'll fix it soon
I'M NOT CRYING YOU ARE

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

