Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Coin operated boy
Sitting on the shelf he is just a toy
But I turn him on and he comes to life
Automatic joy
That is why I want a coin operated boy
--Coin Operated Boy, Dresden Dolls
 
Captain America’s I’m-Disappointed-in-You face was legendary. Bucky was seeing it for the third time that week, though. He was so over it.
“What, Stevie?”
Steve scowled. He did not like being called Stevie while he was trying to issue a reprimand. Which, of course, was exactly why Bucky was doing it. “You do know, Buck, that your combat cam shows exactly what you’re looking at, right?”
“Yeah, why?” Bucky kicked back in his chair and put his boots up on the conference table. If he was going to get a reprimand, he was going to damn well deserve it.
“Shall I show you today’s highlights?” Steve flicked a remote at the television, which pulled up the day’s encounter, particularly from the Winter Soldier’s tactical camera. Someone -- probably JARVIS, since Steve was only nominally good with the tech -- had cut and pasted the day’s footage together.
They were mostly shots of Iron Man’s ass. Tight and clad in red metal, shiny and perfect.
And Tony’s ass, when he wasn’t in the suit for a few minutes. What could Bucky say, the man had a fantastic rear view.
Steve was giving him a slow blink, like some sort of overly friendly cat. “First, you’re our sniper, Buck. We need your eyes on the field, not plastered onto Tony Stark’s backside. Second, you need to get over this.”
“Go t’ hell,” Bucky muttered.
“You abandoned your position twice in the last week to cover him,” Steve said.
“Can’t help that,” Bucky said. “Guy’s reckless. He needs someone watchin’ his back.”
“While I can’t deny that much,” Steve said, “it’s getting in the way of you doing your job.”
“You want me t’ what? Ask Stark out?” Bucky kept his nonchalant look on his face out of sheer desperation.
“No,” Steve said, “that'll just make drama. We don't need that just for you to get your jollies. Stark’s not… good relationship material.”
Not to mention out of my fuckin’ league, Bucky thought, resentfully. “So? You gotta suggestion that ain’t lettin’ Nat set me up on another damn date?”
“Rent one of those RealLife sexdolls,” Steve said. “Get him out of your system.”
“First off, how th’ hell do you know about sex dolls,” Bucky burst. Then his brain skipped the rest of the rails. “Wait, wait, what?”
Steve threw a pamphlet down on the table. “I put you in for a spot bonus. Take a week off, get the doll, come back with your head on straight, okay, pal?”
“God, you’re a punk.”
Bucky picked up the flier with tentative fingers, like it might burst into flame.
“Bring your fantasy to life! Any celebrity or historical figure!”**

**financing available.

***
Tony was elbow-deep in his armor, trying to work out the dents and scratches and other damage caused during the previous day’s fight. It was a damned good thing that Bucky’d happened to glance his way, though. Without the Winter Soldier’s precision assistance, the damage would have been so much worse. And Tony hated spending time in medical.
Tony wished idly that there were some way to get Bucky to glance his way more often. Tony had tried being loud and flamboyant; he’d tried casual conversation over repairs to Bucky’s arm and gear; he’d even tried flirting. No dice. Every time Tony looked in Bucky’s direction, Bucky was looking the other way.
“Sir,” JARVIS said, “your All Dolled Up alarm has been triggered.”
“Ha! There’s always an uptick in sales after a good fight,” Tony said. He finished rewiring the shoulderplate’s release mechanism, then tossed his screwdriver on the table. “Show me.”
When Tony had heard about the RealLife company and the uses to which they were putting the most advanced LMD technology on the planet, he had laughed for half an hour straight.
“You can dress him up any way you like,” Howard had said once, “but humans as a rule tend to operate on two impulses: fighting and fucking. Every major scientific and technological advance of the last century has had one of those things at its heart.”
Tony had more faith in his fellow humans than Howard, but it wasn’t entirely uncommon that Tony had to wonder if Howard was right about that.
As soon as he’d picked himself up off the floor, he’d hacked into RealLife’s servers and set an alert so he’d know whenever someone requested a doll of him, specifically.
It amused him. Other celebrities Tony knew were disgusted by having their likeness used for sexual fantasies, but Tony had long since made his peace with it and embraced it. Why shouldn’t everyone have a chance at a piece of him? It wasn’t like it hurt him in any way.
He flicked up the order. Yep, definitely a sex toy -- occasionally RealLife would supply dolls for temporary displays or shows, which was boring -- and it was being shipped to...
Tony’s mouth dropped.
Why the hell would Bucky Barnes want an LMD sextoy when the real thing was sitting right here?
Maybe he thought Tony wouldn’t be intere
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sex Toys
Dolls
Sex Doll
Remote control sex toy
Dollification
Objectification
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Is Not Helping
Tony Stark is a reckless idiot
Bucky Barnes is an Ass Man
not getting over it while getting under him
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Prepping
loosely based on a song
coin operated boy
Dresden Dolls - Freeform
Anal Fingering
Trolling

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

