Chapter 1: The First Seed, Planted
    




Chapter Text

"They say Brandy,

You're a fine girl,

What a good wife

You would be."
 “FRIDAY, open Baby Monitor Protocol from Peter Parker and display it on the main screen in my lab.” “You got it, Boss.” FRIDAY seemed more brighter recently, since Tony had set in the new tweaks through the programing system. The AI now responding and interacting more to fill in the loneliness he felt more recently, it made him feel better about the empty floors of Stark Tower. Currently, Tony was sitting on one of the leather chairs in his personal lab near the ground levels of the new Avengers facility, the huge flat screen TV mounted to the wall now lighting up with footage from Peter’s patrols through the city. He had not meant for it to become a habit. It had started with boredom, mostly, when Tony had nothing to do and all his projects had been finished for the day. He would just ask the now perky AI to bring up the footage from the kid’s suit, and watch it through quickly before heading off to do something else that needed to be tended to before leaving the floor. Soon, the watching sessions became longer and Tony started to pay attention to more detail than he had thought, and soon it became a daily occurrence of watching the kid fly around Queens, helping people here and there with petty crimes. The chair he now sat on was permanently molded to his ass, now that he sat in it so often to watch through the eyes of the spider. It was somewhat therapeutic to Tony at this point, even though the drastic swinging motions gave the man headaches and the grunts of the kid getting very annoying after a while. He wondered if the kid ever felt this way, but then he had remembered that Peter mentioned once that his senses are substantially reduced in the suit that Tony had made him. As the footage whizzed passed him, Tony had thought of different things to add to the suit once he let off on the Training Protocol for the kid. New web settings, different ways to adjust the suit fitting wise, and new design features for the inside computer when Peter needed assistance. It was the perfect suit. Tony had even designed an unnamed AI just for Peter, which the kid frequently talked to and used for whatever issue he had at the time. Tony made it more connective than his previous design programs, being more responsive and more caring; almost as if another person was with Peter completely. He never hoped the kid would feel as he did. Tony watched the kid through the eyes of the suit, the timestamp on the bottom of the screen showing that Peter was just getting out into the neighborhood at around three, and ending his adventure around eight in the evening, when the footage abruptly stopped inside Peter’s bedroom. Most of the patrol was innocent; Peter standing on top of a building, looking over the city and glancing at what used to be Avengers tower, Peter stopping a guy from stealing some milk, Peter shaking some woman’s hand, and finally, Peter just sitting on top of a skyscraper watching the sun set over Queens and the rest of New York City. Then, the footage always stopped in the kid’s room. Tony suddenly felt the emptiness of the entire facility this late into the evening; all the unnecessary staff had left hours ago to go home to their families. Rhodes wasn’t within the walls because he needed some time away from the political drama that was the remnants of the accords. Tony had taken it harshly; however, he was slowly getting numb to all the drama occurring within the facility. The black screen of the TV almost seemed to mock him. He just sighed, got up out of the leather chair and made his way to the opening of the lab. The door was way too wide just for one person, but it almost seemed to shrink around him as he stood within the doorway. Gazing over all his equipment, he made an order to FRIDAY. “FRIDAY, shut the lab down. I'll be back tomorrow per usual.” Tony saw the lights around him slowly dim, and all the holographic computers slowly fading until they no longer existed before his eye. Soon, he was staring into a dark room, and decided to walk off into his quarters. The kid had been on his mind often these days. Peter started school again last week, and his patrols have been significantly shorter now that he is a junior in his high school. The kid worked hard; Tony knew that, and he could use some talent like that in the facility here upstate. However, when Peter had turned down to be an Avenger, Tony knew he had lost the opportunity to ever gain the kid on the team before he had finished high school. From what he saw through the suit, Peter seemed to enjoy the undercover life, almost like he had gotten a high every time he went out of his way to help someone. Tony knew he had enjoyed it, because he had felt the same when Iron Man first came about years ago. His thoughts drifted off more as he stepped inside of his quarters, the warmth of his own room engulfing him. Tony sighed as h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Starker
Dubious Consent
Underage Sex
Consensual Underage Sex
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Playlist
Unhealthy Relationships
First Kiss
Slow Burn
Questionable Ending
Making Out
First Time
Light Bondage
tony like hates himself
Drug Use
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Underage Drinking
Underage Kissing
Underage Drug Use
Cheating
Partying
Loss of Virginity
first

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

