Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“-ridium.”  Toni hears as she and Coulson step through the doorway.  “What do they need the iridium for?”“It’s a stabilizing agent.”  Toni pipes up. All eyes turn to focus on her even as she waves Coulson away and pauses for a moment to survey the room.Romanov is sitting at the table while Steve, gloves tucked into his belt and hands on his hips, stands shoulder to shoulder with Thor on the opposite side.  Bruce Banner, round shouldered and vaguely uncomfortable, stands fiddling with his glasses in the background.“It means the portal won’t collapse on itself like it did at SHIELD.”  Toni throws the information out there almost absently as she pulls her eyes away from Steve who’s staring at her now, one brow arched and face assessing.  “Also, it means the portal can open as wide and stay open as long as Loki wants.”Toni struts her way around him and Thor, who’s staring at her avidly, and towards the screens that mark the main control panel towards the helicarrier’s front.“So does Fury fly the skull and crossbones on the outside of the ship or does he just have it hanging on the wall behind his desk?  I’m thinking something like American flag on top, then the Jolly Roger, and then his Girl Scout troop right below it. An order of importance if you will.”  Toni directs the statement towards Maria Hill who’s watching the entire situation passively. “Also, while we’re talking about pirates, where  does Patchy keep all the illicit booty on this boat?  Besides underneath that fabulous leather trench coat of his of course.”Toni hears a few startled coughs and quickly muffled snickers from the bay of computers and monitors surrounding them but doesn’t let her own amusement show.She’s working the room for a reason of course and she wants all eyes exactly where she needs them to be. ‘I’m harmless,’ says the right hand of a left handed thief.   It’s a moto Toni lives by in a lot of ways.  Even if she’s never  really been harmless.That in mind she closes one eye and assesses the control panels again.“How does Knick-Knack even see these?”  She twists enough to address the question to Hill even as she idly fixes the cuff of her blouse.“He turns.”  Hill tells her placidly but Toni can see the faint smile lurking around the corner of her mouth.“Sounds exhausting.”  Toni shrugs, turns, and moves the conversation back on track as she reaches out and fiddles with the panels a bit, pushing buttons seemingly at random.  In reality she’s scanning everything she can see.“The rest of the raw materials Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily.  The only major component he still needs is a power source of high-energy density.  Something to kick-start the Cube.” Toni waves a hand nonchalantly as she turns again to face the table, a PEG on the tip of the finger that she presses against the underside of the control panel.“Activating the PEG now Miss,” JARVIS speaks up quietly in her ear but Toni shows no outward reaction.“When did you become an expert at thermonuclear astrophysics?”  Hill looks as unimpressed as always as she asks the question. The woman’s a tough sale but she’s also never given Toni any outright problems so that’s a plus in her favor.“Last night.”  Toni blinks at her, completely serious.  She’d devoured enough research material on the subject that she could probably teach a class on it if she were so inclined.  Or if MIT were inclined to ask her to do so again after the last time she’d made a guest appearance in a classroom. Honestly the explosion hadn’t even been that big no matter what Rhodey said and she’d paid for all the damages anyways.  “The packet, Selvig’s notes, the extraction theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading? Naughty, naughty.” Toni tisks with a waving finger.“You are the metal vanguard.”  Thor interrupts before anyone can say anything else.  Toni turns to face him only to see that he’s taken a step forward in her direction, arms now uncrossed.  His head is cocked to the side and his eyes are narrowed, a look of contemplation on his face.“Indeed I am.  I don’t think I’ve been formally introduced to either of you.”  Toni steps towards Thor and Steve, her hand held out for Thor to shake despite her normal reluctance to do so.  She’s aware that being overly rude, or at least more than she already has been, to an alien prince might not be something even she can talk her way out of.  Yet. “Toni Stark, also known as Iron Queen. Among other things.”“Well met Lady Stark.” Thor grasps Toni’s hand and, to her surprise, raises it to his lips to place a courtly kiss on the back of her knuckles.  His lips are warm and where he touches her Toni’s skin tingles like she’s been gently shocked by static electricity. “I am Thor, son of Odin and Crown Prince of Asgard.  I did not think Midgard had been blessed with their gods being reborn to them already, much less a matched pair of such reknown. Nor had I expected a goddess as beautiful as you.”And just like that the entire 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe
Always Female Tony Stark
Female Tony Stark
Alternate Universe - Reincarnation
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe - Gender Changes
Alternate Universe of an Alternate Universe
Stand Alone
Misunderstandings
Pining
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Possessive Behavior
Eventual Smut
steve messes up
Bucky Picks Up The Pieces
And Takes His Place
Hades and Persephone AU

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

