Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Harry thought it was rather odd how few lies he actually told. You would think a wizard living in the middle of muggle New York would lie his arse off. But he didn’t think he’d once lied while explaining something magical to a muggle. Sure most of the time he came off as a complete and utter prick. It was also hilarious because no one ever believed him. He was a regular Luna Lovegood! Once he was asked why he was in such a foul mood and answered, completely truthfully, that he had melted a potion caldron in his front room completely ruining the carpet. It definitely taught him not to brew near anything he wanted to keep, especially with a track record like his…The upside to living in New York was that while there is a magical population in the area they really didn’t care much that he was Harry Potter and defeated a dark wizard once, so he wasn’t badgered all the time. Well he was a bit, but not for saving the British Wizarding World. Mostly it was his investments manager at Gringotts New York branch.So, with the lack of interest America seemed to have in him and his life he took all of the money left to him by Sirius, his parents, and various fanatics along with all the money given to him by right of conquest, because the British wizards still do that sort of thing, and moved to America. With all that capital, and it really was an obscene amount of money, he started investing in companies that had good intentions but lacked the funding to really get anywhere. He also started a few charities for various things like child abuse victims and general scholastics for young magicals, things that he was passionate about.All of this was done while taking online classes to get back up to date with an education he had stopped getting after the age of eleven. Unlike Hermione, he hadn’t had the forethought, desire, or even ability to take summer courses. Even if he had wanted to the Dursley’s wouldn’t have shelled out anything to pay for it. Well they may not even have allowed it had it been free, but that was beside the point. He had never really excelled in school between Dudley being dumb as a bag of bricks and the threat to not do better than him, then the constant threat of death, Harry never took the initiative to buckle down and really learn.Now that he had he was stunned to find that he was actually above average. It took just under three years to complete seven years of schooling and get to where he would have been had he not gone to Hogwarts. Not that that was the only thing he was doing, otherwise he was sure he would have finished sooner. It was a delicate balance between online classes, further magical studies, researching investment opportunities, meetings with the goblin managing his various charities, and a disgusting amount of galas that he was obligated to go to.After finishing A Levels he started university, taking various classes on multiple subjects to fill his time because there really wasn’t much better to do. All of his old friends were still in England… or dead from the war. Besides if he was thinking about classes and charities he wasn’t thinking about the war.He was taking a ridiculous about of classes. His schedule included classes in chemistry, biology, botany, economics, business, physics, engineering, computer technology; it was a good mix of interest and necessity. It was also almost enough to make his head explode, but any excuse to not go to sleep was good. He didn’t need much of it and he definitely didn’t need the dreams he got when he did.Chemistry, botany, and biology would help with the potions and healing magic tutoring he was receiving from a well respected retired healer twice a month. The economics and business classes were to placate his investment manager, Langgash. Physics, engineering, and computer technology because they were intensely interesting, and it turned out a single wizard not actively using magic did nothing to technology. Although he had gotten varied results from anything running on electricity while he was using magic, from fine working order to sparks and fire, it seemed to directly correlate to the amount of magic used and length of use.All the new uni classes were fit in right where the A levels used to be. Langgash told him he had a suitable number of investments in both worlds for the moment, now came the waiting for them to pay off or fail; not that he thought  any of them would or else he wouldn’t have invested with them in the first place, not that Langgash would have let him. So he was left with studying and being strong armed by an evil goblin to go to galas and parties. Socializing and schmoozing was not something he wanted a part in.They had been arguing for some minutes in the goblins rather plush office for some minutes on that subject… well Harry was arguing, Langgash was waiting for him to get it all out before telling him why he was wrong.“Reall
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sarcasm
Blood
Smart Harry
BAMF Tony Stark
Magic
pouting tony
Captain America's Frisbee
Magic Revealed
Swearing
Steve Rogers gets bitched out
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Being Tony
Snarky Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Suicidal Thoughts
very brief - Freeform
Mind Control
Nick Fury Gets Told Off
Nick Fury is Not Amused
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Lewis Carroll is an Alien Apparently
Stress Baking
Chocolate Chip Spider

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark

