Work Text:
 Tony had always known that he’d be saddled with housing his former teammates once the ink on those pardons dried. At least at first. They weren’t exactly safe for public consumption. Plus, no one else wanted the responsibility. The people of the world barely wanted them on the same planet after one too many unauthorized missions they undertook to “save” people ended in an actual civil war in one country, an overthrow of the government in another and a destabilization of peace treaties in a third.His Royal Kittiness was still paying dividends to each nation effected on behalf of his unruly houseguests. If not for his continued regal cool and finely honed international relations skills, Tony would’ve been concerned for the young king and his country. But that was neither here nor there because it wasn’t his problem anymore, it was Tony’s.The hard part wasn’t even that he had to live with the Rogues again.The Rogues maintained the same living arrangements as they had in Avengers Tower, now Stark Tower again, with individual floors and common areas, and everyone basically living their lives independent of each other and overlapping only when they wanted to (except they weren’t allowed to go outside without supervision, a minor inconvenience when their every need was being met in-house).It was easy enough to avoid his houseguests in the penthouse and the workshop, and if nothing else, Tony had a rotating delegation of Hell’s Kitchen’s finest (For a blind guy Matt’s judging-you eyes hit the heart), Wakandan royalty (Princess Shuri insisted that if she had to come to America, it was somewhere with technology that didn’t make her want to puke), the Guardians (He, Quill and Gamora had a standing karaoke night) and the “Revengers” (Thanks to Extremis, Tony’s alcohol tolerance was through the roof and Brunnhilde was the best drinking buddy. On the occasion that Loki visited, the three of them hate-watched Harry Potter and the Cursed Child until Thor had to put Tony and Loki over his shoulders and drag an angry-drunk Brunnhilde away by her collar) inhabiting the floors that physically separated Tony from the levels housing the Rogues.No, the actual hard part was the Winter Soldier, a gift specifically given to him from the Universe herself, solely to give Tony inappropriate hard-ons.In his defense, Tony hadn’t shown anyone any romantic or sexual attention since he and Pepper mutually split before the “Civil War” fiasco, and James Barnes from the history war reels was singlehandedly responsible for Tony’s realization that at twelve, guys did it for him too. Besides, despite Extremis, Tony was still human.“Look, not that I’m not grateful and all,” Tony began in a huff, “but did you seriously just get shot for me?”“Was I not supposed to?” Barnes asked flatly, gruff voice and hot breath curling around the soft skin of Tony’s neck, the oppressively comforting weight of the Winter Soldier on his back made Tony glad Extremis was pumping in his veins because seriously, a hard-on in response to an assassination attempt? What kind of fuck-up am I?“I’ve got nanotech,” Tony reminded with a scowl. “I don’t need you playing bodyguard.”“And yet here I am, guarding your body anyway.”“You took one bullet.”“Two.”“Bullshit,” he argued. But damn it, was Barnes bleeding? “Jesus, come on.” The media personnel had scattered once the gunshots had gone off, and Tony dragged Barnes back into the Tower by the arm. “You realize you aren’t even allowed a gun, right?”“I don’t have one,” Barnes deadpanned, and if that wasn’t just a load of shit, Tony might’ve considered believing it.“Then what, did you throw a bullet between his eyes?”Barnes lifted his prosthetic in demonstration, showing off the barely-there dent between the bicep and the back of his forearm. He glanced over his shoulder at Tony and admitted, “I improvised. But I could try that next time.”Almost reluctantly, Tony huffed out a laugh. “Fine, I’m impressed. Where are you bleeding?”Willingly, Barnes turned, and right where the shoulder mooring ended, and the meat of his trapezius sat was a rapidly healing bullet wound. Another hole in his Stark Industries hoodie revealed a graze right above his tailbone, next to his spine, and that too was already sewing itself up. The blood was still damp either way, and bright against the off-grey color of the hoodie Barnes was sporting. But besides that, there didn’t seem to be any other damage.In fact, tugging his hoodie out of the way to see the damage only exposed a muscled back and the whisper of an ass that wouldn’t quit beneath the butter-soft feel of his jeans, and – nope, nope, nope, what the fuck Anthony Edward Stark, what the fuck.“How’s it looking back there?” Barnes asked, and if it weren’t for his flat delivery, Tony might’ve thought he was flirting. Gotta stay away from the liquor cabinet. Tony huffed through his nose as he dropped the hoodie and backed off so he wasn’t crowding the other man into the corner of the elevator.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Brunnhilde x Loki if you squint
There's a lot of cast
All of them support Tony
Tony Stark Defense Legion
This is a happy place for Tony
Bucky plays bodyguard
Not Clint Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
like ya'll are even surprised
There are science parties mentioned
my nerds deserve to be happy
Tony is a loved bean
tbh this is Tony x Happiness fluff
winteriron
its all over the place
but its there
Rogues come home
Rogues live in the Tower
Bucky isn't about their shit
Bucky is finished with them
This is a Tony Stark is loved party
thems the rules
Extremis Tony
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

