Chapter 1: What Do You Truly Live For?
    


Notes:
Happy reading!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Natasha sighs as the summer breeze hits her as she exits the station on 50th street and dreadfully begins making her way through Hell’s Kitchen. It's a little past nine in the evening, two hours later than the time she’d promised her boyfriend she would be at his place, and mentally, she's already concocting yet another apology for her tardiness. But what else is new, she thinks as she makes a left onto the street of his apartment building and quickly steps to the side to dodge a delivery man on a bike. To be fair, this, a trip to her boyfriend’s, isn’t always something she dreaded – far from it. Once upon a time, she had been deeply smitten with Matt Murdock and his quick as a whip wit and seemingly heightened perceptiveness. Matt is a lawyer who is charming and exudes the type of intelligence that all her past flames had sorely lacked. When they’d first met, he felt exactly like the breath of fresh air she’d needed, but truly, if she was being honest, the best part about Matt was that he wasn’t clingy or possessive and didn’t demand more of her time than she had to give. But in the past few months, she’s found that their relationship has taken a backseat to her career. And it’s not even that her hours at work have been more harrowing than usual. As the editor of the international section of Stark Daily, she’s come a long way in trusting her team enough to delegate. And while she can’t put a finger on what it is entirely, she knows something between her and Matt has shifted so much so that spending two extra hours at work has become more appealing to her than spending it with her boyfriend.Putting aside the thoughts that have been occupying a good portion of her mental real estate for longer than she cares to admit, Natasha stops at the door of his building and opens her purse to retrieve the keys. Letting herself in, she makes her way up to his floor and as her hand reaches for the knob on his apartment door, she stops it midair when she hears music coming from inside. She listens carefully, and though she was dreading having to apologize to him for being late yet again, the corners of her mouth turn up as she recognizes the melody to the song he’d played the first time he’d invited her for dinner at his place. And for the first time in a while, she feels a wave of guilt flow over her for putting her work over their relationship. Today, she decides, she actually means her upcoming apology.“Matt?” she calls out as she opens the door. The foyer lights are off, but she can see the illumination at the end of the hall from the kitchen lights coming from the left. Her eyebrows furrow in confusion. He’s hardly one to wait in the kitchen. “Matt, you here?” she says a little more loudly, but not over the music as she makes her way further into his apartment. “I’m really sorry,” she begins to say, but her apology quickly dies at the sight in front of her.“Natasha!” Matt gasps in surprise, halfway through a thrust into a slender blonde bent over the kitchen island. He looks at her in horror, stepping away from the woman who also looks her way, and Natasha recognizes her as the receptionist from his practice. “God, I…”“On second thought,” she says, raising a finger at him. “I’m not sorry after all.”“Can’t get enough of me in the office, you have to come to my home too?” Tony asks as he opens the door to his brownstone to find Natasha at his front steps, his dark hair slightly less unkept than when he’s out in public. She rolls her eyes and pushes past him. “Are you rude to every person that employs you or is that just reserved for me?”“You don’t employ me,” Natasha counters. “Your wife does.”Tony shrugs as he moves to close the door behind him. “You say potato… Look, whatever.” He turns to face her and holds his hands up. “All I’m saying is if people at the Daily found out that you were here at this hour, they might get… ideas.”  Natasha scoffs at the eyebrow wiggle he sends her way. “I’d rather have someone shock the living shit out of me and then stab me to death with a butter knife than that happen, Stark.”  “You’re morbid, Red,” he says in that tone of voice Natasha has come to recognize over the years as him trying to brush her words off while still harboring some minute, albeit genuine fear that she might push through with it. He cocks his head to the side as he appraises her now icy bob. “Or former Red.”“Are we done here?” she asks, losing her patience. “I’d really like to talk to your wife.”“In the nursery,” he answers, pointing to the top of the staircase, but she’s already making her way up. “Love you too!”As she reaches the top of the stairs, Natasha finds the door to the nursery slightly ajar, and gently pushes it open with her index finger. Inside, she finds Pepper sitting on the lounge chair in the corner, her strawberry blonde hair tied up in a bun 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
romanogers - Freeform
Co-workers
New York City
Family
Contracts
Deals
Slow Burn
Pregnancy
Friendship
Parenthood
Friends With Benefits
Friends to Lovers
Marriage

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

