Work Text:
"Scott, did you tell your parents?" Steve asked, checking his watch once more. It was already four o'clock, and he didn't know how much longer he should keep one of his students past the bell. "It was very important one of them made it here today. I'm gonna have to tell Principal Phillips, and I didn't wanna—"At that precise moment, the classroom door flung wide open, practically forced from its hinges. On instinct, Steve muscled Scott out of the way, behind him, fearing the worst, like maybe there was a madman on the loose inside the school.
 
It was alarming when a man actually collapsed through the door, using the wall as a crutch as he entered inside, wincing, bleeding from one ear, and clutching a rather broken-looking arm to his stomach."Woah—" Steve darted forward to catch the man from falling onto the floor. "Are you okay?""Barnes." The man breathed the word directly into Steve's mouth. His breathe heavy with the scent of blood and cool October air. Steve had to use most of his strength to keep the man upright until he got him stabilized against, of all things, his class' Everyone's A Hero bulletin board."James Barnes. I had — oof — a three o'clock."That was when Scott piped in behind them with, "Mr. Rogers, that's my dad."Steve glanced down at the boy for further clarification, and he just shrugged. In fact, he didn't seem concerned at all for his father who was indeed leaking blood on the linoleum."Um—"

*****
"Sorry 'bout the—" Scott's dad, Mr. Barnes had a wad of paper towels pressed against the side of his face. They slowly turned red the longer they touched skin, seeping up his blood. His blood. He was bleeding at Steve's parent-teacher conference, and God, there had to be protocol on this but Steve was drawing a blank here.Steve blinked as he picked up the folder from his desk and cleared his throat attempting to carry on. "Thank you for coming, Mr. Barnes—""Bucky. People call me Bucky," the man said distracted, lifting the paper towels from his face to access the damage. "Fuck," he muttered under his breath as though he hadn't expected to find that much blood either.
 
"Oh-kay." It helped to be personable with the students' parents, but Steve definitely wasn't sure he wanted to call this man — Bucky. Somehow that seemed a little too personal.Groaning as he jostled his hurt arm, Bucky retrieved the roll of paper towels off the desk behind him. Steve had found them in the bathroom once he saw there was more blood than could easily be explained should another teacher find them. Using his good hand, he collected another fistful of paper and then plopped it to his face. At this point, Steve just stared at him, at how nonchalant he seemed about the bleeding, really about the entire situation. His face was covered in scraps and scratches and day old stubble. He was wearing a black suit and black tie—a nice one if you could look past the blood—plus there was a ripped hole in the left knee and dirt and rocks up the side of him. He looked like he'd just jumped from a moving train."If you don't mind me asking, sir, is everything okay? I mean you—are you okay?"And that's when Scott, who was sitting in the desk beside his dad, said, grinning, "He's a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent, Mr. Rogers," as if that explained everything even though it explained nothing."Oh." Steve only knew vague information about S.H.I.E.L.D. and most of it was just from the reports he saw on the nighttime news. It was always stuff about homeland security threats and undercover operations overseas, but he didn't know if that's what those guys really did. "And by S.H.I.E.L.D. agent he means you—""I kill people for a living," Bucky answered. There was a long drawn out pause until eventually he laughed—a coughing smirking wheeze—at his own joke. And that made Scott laugh. They were both just laughing, and Steve wondered if they were out of their minds. "Um—"

*****
"Are you telling me you killed someone on your way to a parent-teacher conference, Mr. Barnes?" Steve whispered harshly at Bucky with one eye on his kid, suddenly fearing for Scott's safety and well-being."Did I—what?" Realization fell over Bucky's face when he saw Steve was jotting things down as he spoke. "Wait a second, pal! No, I was involved in…well…a situation."Steve glanced up, eyebrow perking, and stared at him some more. Stared at the lines of dried blood down his jawline."The killing people was a joke. S.H.I.E.L.D. makes people uneasy. Jokes help. It's in the manual.” Bucky tried another joke, and it landed about as well as his first one. Steve had a fine sense of humor on most days but not really when it came to his kids. This guy was over an hour late, only to show up looking like death chewed up and spit out. Sensing Steve wasn't letting him off the hook, Bucky gathered his face into something more serious. "Listen, I got an earful from Scott's mother about making it to this meeting. I got called on assignment. It was short notice so I came straight here." Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Spies & Secret Agents
Alternate Universe - Teachers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Fluff
Crack
Bucky is not good at normal
but Steve is
Spies & Secret Agents

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

