Chapter 1





Chapter Text
In hindsight he knows that he saw this coming. He recognised the signs with more than enough time to have alerted May, or anyone on what he knew was progressing. But in the end, he just really wanted it to not be true. Just to be a figment of his paranoid over-reactive teenage mind, conjuring up the worst possible scenario. Maybe he had just seen it so much out on the streets as Spiderman that he was bringing it home with him, still seeing the darkness in those kinds of people’s eyes… in the way they moved and spoke. Or maybe he had just assumed that the blearing alarms of his spider-sense from the moment he shook hands with the guy was just aftershocks of the armed robbery he had just wrapped up only moments ago. Hindsight can be a real bitch sometimes. May was never supposed to spend her life alone, he knew that. He knew eventually she would bring someone into their home. When he thought about who was going to make them a three again, Grant was the furthest thing from what he imagined. He never really did hide his distaste for Peter, and Peter never really understood how May never saw that. But then, he never said anything either so could he really blame her? ‘Family’ dinners Peter spent staring at his plate, half listening to the conversation around him… trying to tune in when he heard words like ‘Peter’ and ‘School’ and ‘Stark internship’, but even those conversations seemed to fizzle out quickly once Grant steered the topic back away from Peter. In the beginning Peter was offended, and then over time he became thankful to not have the attention on him at all. No attention meant he couldn’t possibly say the wrong thing or have the wrong attitude. Wrong things and wrong attitudes brought hissed threats when May was away from ear shot. Threats about how his teenage behaviours wouldn’t be excused anymore. How “being a prick will only get you hit Peter, so watch your mouth”. The first time Grant had held his shirt and pushed into the wall of the hallway, telling him how ‘things are changing from now’ and ‘Your aunt doesn’t deserve your shit’ and ‘you’re an embarrassment to yourself’, Peter had been dumbstruck. He knew Grant didn’t like him, but he had been civil up until then. He had been polite and he had let May gush and gossip about this great man who finally saw the real her and liked it. How finally she didn’t feel alone anymore. And frankly, that stung more than anything Grant would ever say. Had he not realised how lonely May had been? Was he not enough to make her happy? So, he kept his mouth shut and agreed with May over how Grant indeed was a great catch, because May had never seen the vicious stares thrown across the room, or the sarcastic comments whenever Peter spoke about something he was interested in. She never questioned that Peter spent more time in his room when Grant was over, and only spoke when spoken to at the table. So of course, when she told him that Grant was moving in after 8 months of a seemingly perfect relationship, he had to pretend to be happy for them both. But then Grant got more physical. And May started working more to help with the added person in the house. If he couldn’t stop it before he was Spiderman, he shouldn’t be able to stop it now right? So here he lay. On the couch nursing what was now a bruised rib, and what would be by the morning, a mere shadow on his chest. He had of course, forgotten to pack up his bag and strewn out books from the coffee table. And of course, that was deserving of the punch delivered to his ribs, and the spittle on his face as he was reminded yet again of his teenage antics and questionable intelligence. Peter closed his eyes to hide the eye roll and bit his lip to stop from defending himself from this jerk. He knew it had been going on too long now. There was no point in going for help now. Why hadn’t he called out a year ago when he first met the guy and had a bad feeling? Or 6 months ago when Grant had just moved in delivered the first slap of many to come as punishment for coming in late and missing dinner. Honestly? He couldn’t explain why he hadn’t either. May was still happy: rose coloured glasses and all. There was more food on the table every night, and the fridge didn’t have that depressing emptiness anymore. Two incomes were always better than one. Only, Grants work was early mornings to late afternoon, while May was working mostly nights. Meaning it was just Peter and Grant in the house from 6pm until early hours of the morning when May would come home and by that time the damage was already done and healing under the covers with an ice pack and a couple of aspirins. Tonight was a better outcome than other nights. Keeping it only localised to his chest meant he didn’t have to work to cover it up if the bruising hadn’t faded. Being Spiderman always helped when a bruise was too deep to go down by the next morning, and May stared at him with wide eyes and barely concealed agony on behalf of her nephew
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/OMC

freeform: 
Child Abuse
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Sexual Abuse
Non-Consensual Drug Use
Torture
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker/OMC

