Chapter 1





Chapter Text

I didn’t do it for him.

Loki twisted his mouth into a bitter smile, safely unseen under the illusion of a palace guard. True words spoken in desperation. They felt true at the time anyways, but Loki had to wonder who exactly he had done it for.
For Thor?
For himself?
If he was honest, which happened more often than people thought, Loki was certain he was going to die on that barren rock. He also was certain that he did not want Thor there while he slowly bled to death in the dirt. The sooner Thor got on with things, the better off he would be, him and Jane both. Besides, Loki deserved to die alone. 
But then the Asgardians had shown up and suddenly death wasn’t quite so imminent. A simple illusion got him hustled off for healing and he was back in Asgard again. This time, no one knew he was alive. 
For the first time, he was a free agent. No family or warlord behind him hovering. No realm or masters to consider. It was actually quite liberating.
There was a moment where he considered sneaking up to Odin while he was grieving and alone, spelling him to sleep, and then taking his place. The throne was right there. Waiting. Ripe for the taking.
While that was tempting, Loki knew it would be a fleeting pleasure. Lies like that never lasted. Not only that, but it would put him right in the middle of all the things he was just relishing being free from. 
For one moment, he was overwhelmingly tired. Bone deep exhaustion filled him and in a petty burst of rage he thought, To hell with them. All of them.
So he stayed in the shadows, recovered his strength, and waited. Waited to see if Thor would win the day and save them all. Again.
It was no great surprise to hear that Thor had succeeded. After all, it was what his brother was good at. When Thor came to share the news with Odin, Loki hid among the palace guards again and watched. 
A little twist of magic brought their words to his ears. The spell was simple, something he’d mastered as a child. His mother had been so proud.
Frigga.
It was funny how even as he repudiated Odin as his father and Thor as his brother, he could not quite bring himself to consider Frigga as anything other than his mother. She never gave up on him. 
Foulness threatened to engulf him, a miasma of hate, self-loathing, and grief. He swallowed it back down and shoved it aside. It didn’t matter how he felt. The only person who'd ever truly cared about him was dead and all the sorrow in the world wouldn’t bring her back. Nor would it change all the things he’d done.
He pulled his focus back to the conversation.
“Loki, for all his grave imbalance, understood rule as I know I never will. The brutality. The sacrifice… It changes you.” Thor paused and ducked his head for a moment. From where Loki was standing, he could only see Thor’s back. He found himself wondering what expression his brother’s face held. Anger? Or maybe pity? “I’d rather be a good man than a great king.”
That was so quintessentially something that Thor would say that Loki almost laughed. The new Thor, anyways. Not the narrow minded bully he grew up with, but the humbler, wiser warrior that Midgard had forged him into. He wondered at the kindness of those words, too. Such praise, backhanded though it was, still made Loki want to preen. 
Self-loathing and bitter, vicious anger filled him again. How easy it was to win him over. Just a few kind words. Some acknowledgement, perhaps, of the dangerous skill he wielded. 
Loki sighed, easing the air out between gritted teeth. He counted backwards from five and tried to fish himself out of the pit of blackness inside of him. 
The conversation. Focus.
From this vantage point, Loki could see Odin’s face with perfect clarity. The All-Father, however, was a master at projecting only exactly which emotions he wanted. Loki found he didn’t actually want to hear what his fa---
No. Not his father. Just an old scheming man. Someone for whom family was just another tool to use. It did not matter to him what a grieving old man had to say about him. Loki was dead to them all anyways. 
He turned quietly and made his way out of the hall. Time to leave this place.
--
There were secret ways out of Asgard, it was true, but sometimes hiding in plain sight was the best option. It was with that in mind that Loki found himself heading towards Heimdall and the newly rebuilt Bifrost. Weaving his subtle magics, he first hid Thor from Heimdall’s eyes and then cast an illusion on himself to look like his brother.
Logic told him this was the easiest way to get off realm. Sure, it would tip them off later that he was alive, once the real Thor came to leave as well, but by that time Loki would be long gone. 
But there was a heaviness in his heart that told him it wasn’t only logic that brought him to speak to Heimdall. Maybe it was because of everyone in Asgard, Heimdall was one who saw all and spoke little. Maybe it was because he had been known to occasionally see the future as well as the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Past Torture
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Child Abuse
Eating Disorders
Vomiting
ill advised drunken video tapes
Character Driven Story
Angst
Crack
Angst and Humor
Friendship
Canon-Typical Violence
Explicit Sexual Content
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Loki is a magnificant bastard
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Pining
Internalized Homophobia
Redemption
Crack Treated Seriously
Troll Loki (Marvel)
Troll Bucky Barnes
They try to out troll each other
Get Help Loki!
Captain America Reverse Big Bang 2018
Some Action
First Kiss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Loki
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

