Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Barton’s been compromised.” The words rang out through Natasha’s mind as she sat on the Quinjet. The Tesseract had been stolen, Barton had been compromised, and now she had to help execute Fury’s vision of bringing together a group of remarkable people to help protect the Earth. She’d known about this idea for a while now, it was why she had been sent to study Tony, to see if he would be fit for the “Avengers Initiative.” However, she didn’t think that it would happen so soon. They hardly even had a team in mind and that “team” was dependent on all of the members actually joining. Natasha sighed and dropped her head back against the wall. “Agent Romanoff, we will be landing on the helicarrier in 2 minutes,” the pilot shouted from the cockpit. Natasha stood up and walked over to where the ramp would open for her to exit. She would be meeting with Coulson, Fury, and Agent Hill when she arrived to be briefed on the situation. She knew that they would want her to help assemble the team, but she wasn’t sure which member she would be assigned. When the plane finally landed, Natasha stepped off the ramp and walked directly to the meeting room. “Agent Romanoff, please, sit down,” Agent Hill said whenever Natasha walked into the room. Natasha took a seat slightly in from the door. It was a habit for her to pick somewhere where she could keep one eye on an exit in case she needed it. “As Agent Coulson told you on the phone, Barton’s been compromised. At 2400 hours, an unknown person seemed to use the Tesseract as a portal to get to Earth,” Agent Hill began. “We weren’t aware that it was possible at the time,” Agent Coulson added. “Well obviously it was,” Natasha replied, her annoyance painting her voice. “We asked the unknown person to stand down, however, they refused, announcing himself as ‘Loki of Asgard.’ Professor Selvig identified him as the brother of Thor. Loki then engaged with the agents in the room. Agent Barton engaged with Loki when a scepter was used to somehow mind control Agent Barton into helping him. Loki had also done the same to Professor Selvig. At this point, both Director Fury and myself engaged, attempting to prevent the person from leaving, however, he got away,” Hill finished.“We need to implement the Avengers Initiative,” Fury declared, turning to face the table for the first time since Natasha had walked into the room, “and I need you to help me get the recruits.” Natasha nodded, attempting to compartmentalize the fact that her partner and friend had been taken by a complete psychopath. God, Laura must be a wreck, she thought to herself. “We’ll need you to talk to the big guy,” Coulson said. “Coulson, you know that Stark trusts me about as far as he can throw me,” Natasha smirked. “Oh no, I’ve got Stark, you’ve got the big guy,” Coulson replied. Natasha furrowed her brows, “then who’s got the other one?” “I do,” Fury said, beginning to walk towards the door. “With all due respect, sir, I don’t think that’s a good idea.” Fury stopped, turning to face Natasha, “and why not?” “He doesn’t trust you,” Natasha stated. “Oh, he doesn’t?” Fury challenged.“No sir,” she responded, sure of her answer. “Are you going to elaborate, Agent Romanoff?” “The simulation. You tried to trick him once, he’s going to think that you’re trying to do it again. You’ve read his file just like the rest of us. He values honesty. Truth and justice and all that crap. He needs someone that he can trust,” Natasha said. “And you really think that you’re the one for that job, Romanoff?” Fury replied. Natasha couldn’t blame him, she was a spy after all. She’d done so many bad things in her life. She had so much red in her ledger that she has been trying desperately for years to wipe out. “I do. I think that I have this sir,” Natasha stared him down. “I think that you should take Stark and Coulson should take the big guy. Coulson’s friendlier than I am anyway, you know that Banner will appreciate that.” Fury looked over at Hill and Coulson who were both looking back at him intently, waiting to hear his decision. “Very well Romanoff, you want him, you’ve got him,” he said after a moment. Natasha stood up from the table, “great. Then if we’re done here, there’s something that I need to grab before I leave.” “What’s that?” Hill asked as Natasha walked towards the door. “My file,” Natasha replied as she disappeared through the doorway.
Natasha walked up to the gym, it was definitely older than most of the gyms around the area, but she could see the appeal of it. It was 0300 hours and there wasn’t another person in sight. Natasha opened up the front door, hiking the gym bag that she was toting higher up on her shoulder, and began to walk in to the building. She stood at the entrance to the sparing room for a moment watching him, he was intently focused on the punching bag that he was hitting. His punches were sharp and swift. She could see the way that his muscles moved through his shirt, rippling wheneve
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

freeform: 
Friendship/Love
Friends to Lovers
Sense of Duty
Steve and Nat work out to handle emotions
dancing around feelings
Hurt/Comfort
Mild Smut
Avengers - Freeform
Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Mixture of Cannon and Non-Cannon
I don't own Marvel
I don't own these characters
I just adore them
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Laura Barton

