Chapter 1: Stand By Me
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Just another abnormality to add to the list of freaky things concerning her. With the events that had happened, losing Hedwig and Moody only a few days before, sleep eluded her and the only thing that kept her focus were the words that were set to appear on her skin in a few hours. She’d gotten through the birthday celebrations and tomorrow was Bill and Fleur’s wedding. All she needed was good news, she just needed to see the writing appear on her wrist.The hours passed, midnight was approaching, her actual birth time having passed minutes ago. Yet, still, no words.Bitter disappointment filled her as August 1, 1997 hit and still nothing. But she didn’t cry.It was just another bitter reminder of the crap life she had been dealt: Soul marks don’t appear if your soul mate is dead.///She had settled down after the war, taking up a job as an Auror, hunting down Death Eaters who had escaped the war. Serving out justice and revenge for the soulmate she knew must’ve died at the beginning of Voldemort’s war.A soulmate was something to be cherished, someone to understand the deepest parts of you, someone who saw the ugly and accepted it without question.All her life, she had looked forward to her 17th birthday because she knew, in her heart, that there was someone out there waiting for her. Those dark, cold night in the cupboard, the only thing that kept her going was the promise of her soulmate.But now that dream was gone and she had to watch as everyone around her found their happiness and she was left in her sorrow, broken and alone.///Over a decade after the war had ended, she felt a fire engulf her wrist at the most inopportune time. Ducking a curse, she sent a paralysis spell into the dust just as her hand faltered with the stinging sensation.Focusing on her hearing, she relaxed slightly when she heard the telltale signs of a body hitting the ground.Safe for a moment, she removed her wrist guard to examine her skin.Green eyes widened, mouth turning dry as she took in the blistering red lines that spelled out a name she had been waiting her whole life for. Her heart swelled as tears threatened to spill from her eyes in happiness.He was out there waiting for her, her soulmate, and she would find him. She would find her soulmate.James Buchannan Barnes///There was no wizard by the names James Buchannan Barnes. She searched through all the reports filed at the Auror Office, in the Registration Office, hell, she even took a peek at the Hogwarts registry when McGonagall wasn’t looking. But he was nowhere to be found.His name narrowed down her search to Australia, Canada, and America. With a name like Barnes, he was bound to be in some British colony or a former British colony.She didn’t have much time to search, being the Head of the Auror Office did mean something after all. With that responsibility did come some perks she didn’t mind abusing. If she sent out her soulmates name to the previously mentions countries, she wasn’t about to say what for.No doubt Hermione would scold her for abusing her powers for such personal and invasive reason but then again, she didn’t have to know.She would trace the letters of his name, marveling at the way they rolled off her tongue like these three words were meant for her lips only. At night, she’d picture what he was like. If he was brash and headstrong like her father and godfather or if he was quiet and sweet like Remus. Did he live a quiet life or was he just as tortured as her?She wondered if her godfather was having a laugh that her soulmate shared his name with her father and what jokes he'd make at their expense. She could almost hear it, the barking laughter as Remus tried his best to control his best friend, failing when he inevitably joined in.She missed them.///It was only a few years after, still no trace of her soulmate, that her wrist burned again. This time, thankfully, while she was doing paperwork and not in the middle of a deadly duel.Placing the quill down, she slowly rolled up her sleeve, petrified that his name would no longer be there. That her soulmate would’ve died without ever having met her. Instead, she found a new name.Steven Grant RogersShe’d never heard of someone having two soul mates before, let alone having the marks appear years apart. Then again, when had anything normal happened to her?She did the normal asking around again and came up with a few names this time but the two she had found were already happily married to their soulmate. Her Steven Rogers was nowhere to be found either.She wondered if the two knew each other, that they were both untraceable. That brought up another uncomfortable question for her though. What if they already knew each other and were just fine without her?What if she found them and there was no place for her in their lives?Could she deal with that disappointment, such heartbreak? The loss of someone wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter

freeform: 
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Female Harry Potter
Post-Avengers (2012)
Everything Hurts
Bucky doesn't actually make an appearance
Bucky now makes an appearance
Fluff and Humor
harry is a dork
Bucky is oddly okay with everything
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Happy Ending
They adopted a dog!

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Harry Potter

