Chapter 1: Kidnapped
    




Chapter Text
"STEVE!" Tony shouted as a gunshot went off.  "I'm good!" Steve yelled back. "How's everyone else?" "Fine!" Natasha and Peter answered back via comms. Clint swore over the comms.  "What's wrong?"  "This stupid person just broke my finger!" "Are you okay?" "Yeah, but they aren't."  Peter laughed. They were infiltrating a HYDRA compound in New York (seriously, NEW YORK!) when they had been ambushed by a lot of guards and soldiers. The team had left Sam and Bucky behind for this mission, as HYDRA could possibly control Bucky, and Sam was assigned to be with him, much to his disappointment. Thor was also sitting this one out, he wanted to spend time with Jane "Wanda, how are you doing?" Peter asked, looking behind him to see scarlet magic flying soldiers everywhere.  "Good, but they won't stop shooting at me, can you help?"  Peter swung in, taking out three soldiers and webbing up two others.  "Thanks!"  BOOM. An explosion shook the building.  The ceiling suddenly crumbled above them, separating Nat and Clint from the rest of the group. Owwww. A piece of rubble had fell on Peter's leg.  It was broken. He lifted it up, accidentally jolting his leg. He cried out in pain, but the rubble was off of it now. Everything was dark. "PETER! WANDA! ARE YOU OKAY?!"  "I'm-" Wanda's voice was cut off.  "Wanda?" Peter asked, his voice weak and full of pain.  "Peter, are you alright?" "I think my leg is broken."  Tony swore.  "Steve? You alright?"  "Yeah." "Does anybody see Wanda? Or hear her?"  "No. Where'd she go?" Peter was confused. It was unlike Wanda to not respond to them. "Wanda!"  Peter's senses were tingling.  "Ahg!" Steve cried out, then stopped making noise. "STEVE!" Tony yelled. "Are you-"  His voice was cut off as well. "Tony? Steve? Where are you guys?" Peter asked, his voice scared. His senses flared in the back of his head. Suddenly, an arm was wrapped around his throat. "They're with us. Now, you will be too." A foreign voice whispered. A sharp pain stabbed into his neck. A sedative. He passed out.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Peter
hurt Wanda
Hurt Tony
Hurt Steve
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Wanda Maximoff
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Steve Rogers
Torture
Whump
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Non-Graphic Torture
Kidnapping
Not a Lot of Fluff But it will be There
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
before infinity war
Avengers Team is a Big Family
Everyone is friends
kind of sad
Panic Attacks
Steve and Tony are good friends
Wanda is 17
Peter is 15
Broken Bones
Deaf Peter Parker
Mute Peter Parker
Mute Tony Stark
Temporary except for Peters deafness
Wanda Maximoff Needs a Hug
Protective Avengers
Domestic Avengers
bullet wounds
Seizures
Electrocution
Hydra
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Avengers Basically
Missions

fandom: 
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Wanda Maximoff & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Wanda Maximoff & Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton & Wanda Maximoff
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Wanda Maximoff & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

