Work Text:
They'd had hours of discussion about these ugly Accords with Tony a dark, brooding presence in the corner before he finally decided to weigh in.  Steve tried to shut him down quickly before he could catch too much momentum, saying dismissively, "This document just shifts the blame."Rhodes cut in, "Steve, that is dangerously arrogant. This is the United Nations."  Tony added, "No, it doesn't. It makes us take responsibility.  It lets the world see us doing it. There has to be a division between the ones doing the actions and the ones judging us for those actions.  Don't you get that?  We have a conflict of interest here.  You do," Tony said, and something in his voice made Steve's counter argument die in his throat. Natasha took the opening to, of all things, agree with Tony. Steve gave her an incredulous look."I'm just reading the terrain," she said earnestly. "We've made some very public mistakes. We need to earn their trust back." Steve's pocket buzzed, and he started to pull out his phone, but Tony said, "Nuh-uh.  Didn't we say no calls or texts during this meeting?  FRIDAY, if you would?"Steve's phone went dark before he could read the screen, and he gave Tony a glare. Tony's face was unresponsive and bleak, and he finished swallowing his pills – was that why he'd stepped back from the Avengers?  Was his health compromised? – and joined the group again.  "Look, this isn't just about Charlie or Sokovia.  The reason I first chucked SHIELD's little strategy of shunting Iron Man off onto my "bodyguard" wasn't for the kicks of signing autographs. I get plenty of that during my day job. I wanted the accountability. I needed it, and not just for myself. I'm responsible for over 200,000 employees, worldwide.  Do you get what that means?"Tony's eyes traveled over them, so Steve's did as well, taking the temperature.  Wanda looked a little lost, but Vision and Rhodes' faces reflected grim understanding. Sam just stood with his arms crossed stubbornly as if waiting for Tony to stop speaking. Tony zeroed in on Sam. "That means Stark Industries can't continue funding the Avengers if such deadly fuckups keep happening. I can't put my employees at risk of retribution, either physical or financial, from people that will come after them in trying to get to us.  Does that help clear things up?""Oh, it's about money," Steve said under his breath, but Sam heard him, and so did Rhodes, apparently, from the scathing look.Tony turned to face the rest of the room.  "So, sign the Accords.  Or lose the credit cards, the quinjets, the housing, the stipend, the gear, yadda yadda."  He waved his hand carelessly, but his eyes were dark and serious.  "Stark Industries won't fund the Avengers without oversight from the Accords Committee.""You're joking."  Steve gaped. "You know me," Stark said.  "I find everything funny."  Steve grimaced at the reminder.  "Tony, we're Avengers.  We need those things to do our job."  "Oh, right.  Your job."  Tony pulled his phone again and flipped out some type of spreadsheet and graph, expanding it so it displayed in front of them.  "Speaking of which, I found this a little funny, too – here are the fuel expenditures for the quinjets over the past 2 years."Steve shifted in his seat.  "I thought we were discussing the Accords," Natasha said.  Stark shot her a sharp glance."We are.  We're discussing accountability.  And accounting.  See this steep rise, here?  This marks a sudden increase in fuel expenditures after your adventure over the Potomac.  Now why would that be, I wondered when I was prepping for this meeting. Possibly to do with HYDRA, I thought.""Right," Steve said, a little breathless.  He darted a look at Sam, who could never understand why they didn't use Tony's networking expertise to help find Bucky.    Tony's eyebrows arched in fake surprise.  "But, no...  I dug into the data dump – and let's just have a little chat about what a fucking disaster that was sometime when you have a year or two. Jesus Christ. No, the locations of HYDRA bases in the dump didn't in any way correlate to the locations you two were jetting off to so secretly. Funny, indeed.""We were looking for—"  Sam's explanation died on Tony's glare. He knew.  He definitely knew.  Steve could feel sweat gathering in his armpits. Tony's dark eyes glinted ominously with the blue light coming from his gadget.  "Do you have any idea how much it costs in fuel to hop to Bangladesh? Well, let's see..."  While Steve's stomach iced over, Tony tapped merrily away on his phone. "That's 7,875 air miles, and my lovely quinjet has a cruising speed of 800 mph, so say 9.84 hours at a fuel burn rate of 239 gallons per hour for the first hour and then 179 for the succeeding hours...then multiplying that at the average cost for jet fuel per gallon, we get a grand total of..."  Stark snapped his fingers and the number blinked in bold, accusing red. "$9,489.29.  For a one-way trip."  He leveled a hard stare at Steve and Sam.  "Of course
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not A Fix-It
Not Steve Friendly
BAMF Tony Stark
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
There's no way Steve told him

fandom: 
None
