Work Text:


I.
"This is getting really old," Tony complains, when Steve wrenches the cell door open. Without the stasis field, the lock breaks easily enough, and Steve seems to bend time and space to get from the door to the cell to Tony's side, his touch light and careful on Tony's arms and ribs. "Ow. Ouch. Ow, hey! Ow.""Few broken ribs," Steve notes, without looking up, and at the doorway, Natasha stiffens almost imperceptibly. "His arm's broken too.""At least they didn't break my fingers this time," Tony says, grimacing as Steve gently helps him up onto his feet, leaning his undamaged side against him, his good arm pulled over broad shoulders. "That's always a bitch to deal with.""Tony, I-" Steve's expression freezes. "This was my fault. I was so busy chasing B... chasing the Winter Soldier that I-""That you missed a whole bunch of Hydra breaking through my personal defences in Stark Tower? No, seriously, Steve, this was my bad. I mean, I didn't realize that a reactor breach in Level Thirteen would allow a brief window for a security override on the PDRM turrets. Or that almost all the SHIELD agents assigned to Stark Tower were really Hydra minions.""I'm still really sorry," Steve continues firmly, as he helps Tony out into the containment corridor. Tony rolls his eyes. "Don't be, this got me out of this morning's general shareholder meeting. I swear, that sort of shit is like pulling teeth with a pack of thieves. Did I tell you about the old man who always steals our cups at the morning tea? And ow. Ow. I hate injections."Natasha inspects the blood sample on the med-reader when it beeps. "He's on truthtell and a sedative." "Are you going out with Pepper?" Tony asks, as they limp up over a row of empty cells. "Because that's kinda hot. Wait. Did I just say that out loud?"Natasha glances at Tony, then at Steve, and snorts. "He's your problem," she tells Steve, and stalks off, presumably to wreak more havoc in the bowels of the Hydra Kidnapping Enterprise.Steve sighs as though exasperated, and even under the drugs, that still stings a little. "Look, I know that the vanilla human's tendency to get repeatedly kidnapped is probably really annoying for you guys-""Tony," Steve cuts in, and they've actually stopped walking - Tony glances up, blinking, and takes a moment to register, muzzily, that Steve looks surprised rather than irritated. "Tony, we're the reason why you're always in danger. Gosh, did you really think that - Tony, we're really grateful that you're helping us out. You're so busy. You getting kidnapped now and then is our fault.""Okay," Tony notes slowly, owlishly, "Maybe this isn't an appropriate time to observe out aloud that you're hot. Because I want to say it, I've wanted to say it for a long time, and I'm not sure if I've said it. Close up, you're so hot. I haven't said it, right? I think I haven't. Were we talking about fault? Have I mentioned the security breach reactor thing?""Yes you have, Tony," Steve says, his tone patient, but his cheeks pink to the ears. "Also, you think that everyone is hot." "Fury isn't hot," Tony corrects, and he's still expounding on this point when Steve bundles him into a waiting StarkTech helicopter, perched on the slowly disintegrating courtyard of the Hydra complex. Deep below their feet, there's an echoing boom of the Hulk destroying necessary infrastructure, but Steve firmly drags Tony into the helicopter before he can investigate the growing web of hairline cracks on the cement.

1.0.
It's his fault this time, Steve knows it. Steve was so focused on Hydra, on Bucky, that he hadn't thought to act like the leader he was meant to be, to protect everyone, not just his own interests. It's pure good luck and Pepper's crazy ability at crisis management that explains why nobody at Stark Industries was killed or critically injured when the attack came.And it's pure, beautiful luck that Tony's alive. Granted, none of the kidnappings so far had included any serious attempt at murder - Tony is far more useful to any evil villain/organisation/creature alive than dead, with his skills, but for a long and awful moment when Steve had heard about the hit on Stark Tower, he had thought that Tony was dead. After all, Hydra's imperative had been a kill order, not a kidnapping.He reluctantly drops Tony off at a Stark-funded hospital and into Pepper's hands, and even more reluctantly allows Clint to shoo him off and take over the watch (or what Clint jokingly calls 'Tony-sitting'). Steve might not need much sleep but he hasn't gotten very much of it lately, ever since Maria took over ground operations and Fury disappeared off to... do whatever Fury thought necessary. Steve's unsurprised to find Bruce in the hospital on the way out, dressed up like a doctor and reading a chart in an empty patient's private room. Bruce shoots him a quick, awkward grin when Steve pauses in the doorway, then he sighs when Steve steps into the private ward and closes the door. "Just wanted to chec
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
SPOILERS FOR CAPTAIN AMERICA 2: WINTER SOLDIER
That AU where Tony is only a consultant for SHIELD and never built Iron Man
and being the vanilla human gets kidnapped all the time
I fail at H/C so this is not really H/C
and the Avengers like to stalk him for his own good whenever he's back
written for avengerskink

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

