Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Please don't make any sudden moves, 

You don't know the half of the abuse, 
-Twenty One Pilots, "Heathens". 
 Chapter One:
Clint doesn't like hospitals."Like" might to be simplistic of a word, though. He's grateful for them, admittedly takes them for granted more than he should, but he utterly  despises  them. He hasn’t liked them since he was younger, and he doesn’t think that it’s going to change any time soon. He trained hard enough to not  need to visit the infirmary often anymore in his desperate need to avoid the stupid doctors.Needless to say, being trapped with doctors, nurses, and their annoying assistants  every single day has driven him up to insanity and well beyond. Today marks the beginning of week four—day twenty-two—since it began, and he does not feel any more enthusiastic about it than he did at the start.His sour mood is likely visible for a few miles out, but he does nothing to dampen it, nor attempt in the slightest to change. If he has to sit here and suffer, so does everyone else. They've learned nothing new anyway; there simply isn't a point to all of this anymore. He's still not sleeping, still has nightmares, has moments where he zones out into the memories, but he's recovering. He's managing. He would be coping better if they would just let him leave the inane S.H.I.E.L.D. base, but his protesting has gotten him absolutely nowhere.Clint's focus is dragged out of his thoughts as a rather sharp prick of pain shoots up his forearm and he blinks rapidly to clear the remaining haze of his rumination and looks up at the nurse leaning over him with a needle pulling a small sample of blood from his arm. A blue fabric mask covers the lower part of her face reminding him strongly of a surgeon. It’s unnerving to realize that, despite the cover, he can still easily picture her wide smile perfectly.Burning a hole in him with her sweetness, as always. From the time he's known her, her wrath of positive is aggravating on it's best days and sanity stealing on it's others. That’s that. No matter how much time he spends with her, Patrisha Smith never seems to get less galling.She's always insistent on how these check-ups are "for his benefit" or "studying purposes", and it makes him want to throttle something.What are they going to learn from his blood  about something that was in his  head?  And  magical  for that matter? It gives him some comfort, he supposes—in the very,  very  far back distant part of his mind—to know that they aren't finding any sort of contingency plan Loki left in him, but he’d rather there  was one so he could leave.They aren't going to find anything because it wasn't science, it was  magic. The line is thin, but there. Clint can never properly describe the sickly feeling of the magical worms digging through his brain and stuffing him out. Memories under the control is hazy, and he can’t pick out any distinct details save vivid flashes and the constant thrum of another entity in his head. There was something else in his head."Now," Patrisha pulls down her mask, and sure enough, her stupid smile with far to much lipstick is present. She pulls back the vile of blood and sets it on a desk a few feet from the bed that he’s seated on. The vile rests beside other random equipment including a stethoscope, a thermometer, and a couple of other items he can’t name by sight.She peels off her terribly smelling plastic gloves and grabs a clipboard clicking a pen covered in a wide variety of smiley faces. He hates clipboards."Are you experiencing any pain today?"Beyond that of excruciating boredom?"No." Clint answers, his voice is flat. This must be the hundredth time he’s heard this question, and he is completely and utterly  done  with it  all. In his brief correspondences with Nat since he was checked in here, he’s quietly been insisting that he’s starting to hear them in his sleep.He couldn’t say much more than that—to discuss what  really happens here, because they monitor calls. This feels so much more like a prison than an inpatient care facility.He can’t contact Laura.Not without the threat of these demons learning who and where she is. He can’t risk it, even as much as he would love to speak with his family beyond he and Nat’s consistent usage of the ever secretive pet fish. These people must think him insane because he asks about his goldfish every time he calls Nat, but what else is he supposed to  do? He hasn’t seen them since before Loki, and Nat’s reassurances aren’t enough anymore.  "Good!" Patrisha says enthusiastically, and flicks a check-mark into a box then grabs a stool, drags it over, and sits down on it facing him. Clint lifts his gaze away from her face to the obnoxiously white walls behind the nurse's head.Is it a requirement for hospitals to have white walls? Personally, if he had a medical station, he would make it something less unsavory or more stainless. If so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Avengers Team
Avengers as family - Relationship
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Avengers (2012)
Team as Family
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Aftermath of Torture
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Friendship
Blindness
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Canon-Typical Violence
Trust Issues
Redemption
Everyone Needs A Hug
It Gets Worse Before It Gets Better
Anxiety Attacks
Family
Angst
Blind!Loki
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
The Avengers Are Good Bros

fandom: 
Loki & Avengers Team
Avengers as family - Relationship
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

