Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
They’d been on the run for nearly three months now, and Sam was… worn out. Worn down was more like it, actually. Three months was a hell of a long time to be living essentially on the streets, constantly on edge and looking over their shoulders, worrying not only about keeping themselves healthy and fed but also about staying away from law enforcement or civilians who might report them. He was beginning to have more sympathy for Barnes and how he’d had to live when he was on the run after D.C., trying to sort out the mess in his head and stay out of sight at the same time. Of course, he hadn’t had the disadvantage of his face being known to just about everyone on the planet. And of course he wasn’t on the run with them now.Steve had had the hardest time with that, Sam was sure of it. It wasn’t just about leaving Wakanda behind, gorgeous as the country was, it was about leaving Barnes behind. Sam could admit the smallest amount of jealousy at that; all the rest of them had risked everything to help Steve help Barnes, and it seemed Steve’s number one priority was Barnes, even over his teammates, his allies. When T’Challa had kicked them out and told them that Barnes had asked to stay in cryo in Wakanda, Steve had been so depressed by the separation that he hadn’t contributed at all to their planning for nearly a week after they left the country. Sam had been patient, tried to be understanding, but he couldn’t help the hurt growing in him at the idea that Steve didn’t seem to care about what happened to any of them, only about Barnes.When he’d first joined up with Steve in D.C., he was absolutely blinded by hero-worship. After all, this was Captain America, not only an American hero but also one of Sam’s personal heroes since he was a kid. One of the reasons he joined the military. And to meet the man and learn that he was just as good, and righteous, and willing to do whatever it took to do the right thing, as the legends said, that just cemented Sam’s loyalty to him.If he’d spent more time thinking about it after that, maybe he’d have recognized that putting the man on that kind of pedestal was not a good thing. After all, Steve was still a human being, he couldn’t possibly be perfect, and imagining him to be was only setting Sam up for disappointment. It sure took a hell of a long time, though. And now, after months on the run with him, Sam was starting to realize that the only reason it took so long to see was because of Sam’s own personality flaws. He wasn’t an incredibly confrontational person, but he’d always considered himself to be more of a leader than a follower, and he’d always thought of himself as strong-willed. Sure, he did well taking orders in the military, but that was more a product of discipline and respect for his superiors and the chain of command than a lack of willingness to think for himself. He wasn’t one to be influenced by peer pressure, or so he’d thought.But the situation with Steve was exactly that, and Sam was starting to have to admit that to himself, as much as it hurt. Yes, Steve was a good man at heart, and he definitely had a good reputation that was well deserved. But not every one of his opinions was automatically informed or correct, and Sam had just blindly accepted every one of them, apparently because he lacked the strength to think for himself when it came to things like that. It was so much easier to just agree with whatever Steve said, trust that Steve knew what he was doing and would make good choices, and apparently, Sam was one to take the easy route. He was ashamed to admit it to himself.Sam just assumed Steve had been right in D.C., and they’d saved a hell of a lot of people and stopped some really bad people with what they’d done. It didn’t matter that, had he been a completely uninvolved civilian sitting at home and watching Romanoff’s self-important, condescending speech, he’d have wanted to put a bullet in her for daring to be so nonchalant about the lives she’d put at risk with that little stunt. He’d been there, and it was Steve, the good man, who was part of that whole incident, so he must have been right. It didn’t matter that Sam had just about as much of a case of hero worship for Stark as Steve growing up and during his time in the military, that Stark was well known for keeping their soldiers safe even before he became Iron Man and became known for saving innocents in other ways. Steve disliked Stark, called him arrogant and rude and untrustworthy, so Sam automatically saw those things in Stark as soon as they met, and he changed his views of the man to reflect Steve’s.And it didn’t matter that Wanda was clearly unstable and dangerous, that she was a volunteer for the very terrorist organization they’d nearly died fighting before, that she willingly worked with Ultron, that she set the Hulk off, causing him to kill innocents against his will and, as f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Clint is present too but doesn't do much
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Author is Bitter

fandom: 
None
