Work Text:
Peter’s not snooping. He’s not. He’s… strategically, systematically reorganizing his father’s private desk to find the key to his dad’s workshop. Because that’s where all the fun toys are. And by ‘key’, Peter means ‘override card’ because there’s not really any room for a keyhole in a glass panel. So, yes, not snooping. Strategically and systematically reorganizing his father’s desk. It’s not Peter’s fault his dad is a butthole who believes his private Iron Man R&D lab is no place for an unsupervised seven-year-old. And it’s also not Peter’s fault that DUM-E refilled the sugar jar with salt. Or that DUM-E pulled a “Marty McFly” (as his dad says) and lit the living room carpet on fire. Peter’s just finished dumping a sheaf of papers labeled ‘Bacterial Gene Transformation and its Applications in Human Gene Therapy: A Doctoral Dissertation by Richard Parker’ on the floor when he finally sees what he’s been looking for: the slim white plastic of the override card. “Ah ha! I knew you’d be in here!” Peter crows, triumphant, as he holds the card aloft. “Now, I just need to make a copy of this before dad realizes I’m in here.” But before Peter can do more than even try to find his father’s laptop under the brand-new pile of crap it’s buried under, something catches Peter’s eye. Carefully, the youngest Stark tugs a corner of what looks like a magazine out from where it’s half hidden by a stack of his own pudgy baby photos. It’s an old copy of Vanity Fair, from July 1991, if the publication stamp on the front is to be believed. On the cover is none other than Peter’s father, Tony Stark. The title reads, ‘World’s most eligible bachelor celebrates his 21st birthday in style! And how his Name will change everything you’ve ever thought about this genius boy-wonder.’ The cover shows Tony standing, legs shoulder width apart, in a pair of true-blue American Levi’s, his head tipped back challengingly, and a smirk on his face. He’s shirtless, save for the American flag draped artfully over his shoulders, obscuring everything but the beginning of the S of his Name. From years of watching his dad give speeches to strangers, Peter knows that Tony was going for the whole ‘unaffected bad boy’ look. The one he likes to present when he’s feeling vulnerable. But really, all Peter can think is that he’s never seen his father look so sad before in his entire life. (Peter ends up getting in more trouble for finding the magazine than for finding the override card. His excuse of “Come on, dad! It’s not like it’s porn!” probably didn’t help anything. [But that still doesn’t stop Peter from finding the article online and reading it from beginning to end.]) — Peter first meets Captain America (The Captain America!!) right after he’s hotwired a car and driven it from his aunt and uncle’s house in Queens all the way to Manhattan. He’s eight and a half. Impressively, Peter manages to drive the car almost the entire way to Stark Tower, just shy by three blocks. Also impressively, he crashes it into a city bus at twenty miles an hour without sustaining a single injury. Not that any of this matters to Peter in the least. Peter’s shrieking before he even gets out of the car. “DAD!” Peter can’t breathe but that doesn’t matter. He just watched his dad fly into a hole in the sky with a bomb over his shoulder. Aunt May had grabbed his hand immediately, her other hand flying to her face. Uncle Ben, across the room, dropped the stack of dishes he was unloading from the dishwasher. “Holy Mary, Mother of Christ,” Uncle Ben had whispered. Peter hasn’t taken a breath since then, like the shattering plates shattered his lungs with them. Peter had ripped his fingers from his aunt’s and ran out the door without thinking. He could get to Manhattan, no problem. Dad had been letting him ride shotgun for a year now and Aunt May baby sits him every Tuesday and Thursday. He just needs a car, any car. That car. The first one he sees. The one across the street. Peter’s only thought as he pulls at the wires under the dash is, Dad said he would come back. He said he’d always come back to me. He promised. He promised. Dad needs me. I have to get there. And so, Peter had hotwired his aunt’s neighbor’s green 1995 Ford Bronco, put the pedal to the metal for the whole ride to Manhattan. “Dad!” Peter yells again, frantic. There’s too much detritus everywhere to see where his dad is, where he landed. (Because he had to have landed. There’s no other option. He landed. He came back.) His dad flew into a hole in the sky. Peter doesn’t know where his dad flew out. “Dad!!” Peter stumbles and trips over rubble. He skins his knee and dirties his face but he still can’t breathe so he keeps looking and yelling. He heads home, toward the new Stark Tower. “Dad!!” But everyone is yelling out for a ‘dad’ or a ‘mom’ or a ‘grandma, grandpa,’ what have you. How is Peter supposed to breathe again if he can’t find his dad? “Tony!” Peter yells and it sounds weird on his tongue but that’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Temporary Character Death
Mild Gore
Superfamily (Marvel)
Misunderstandings
Suicide Attempt
Soulmates
Minor Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Minor Matt Murdock/Foggy Nelson
Mentioned Gwen Stacy/MJ Watson
Gwen Stacy Lives
Body Horror
Slow Burn
Past Rape/Non-con
rape survivor wade wilson
it’s a very passing mention but i was very kindly asked to tag it
(this is referring to Typhoid Mary...)
Scars

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy

