Work Text:

 1 
Peter was just staring at the phone in his hand, trying to work up the courage to actually press the ‘call’ button.“Peter, come on dude, you’re literally a superhero, how hard is it to just call him?”“But it's Mr. Stark! What if he’s busy? I can't just interrupt him to ask him to a stupid science fair. That’d be like asking him to chaperone the school trip next week!”“Jeez Peter.” Ned groaned, face palming. “Ok, I'm going to channel my inner MJ.” He said, taking a deep breath, pretending to deeply focus.“What-”Ned lunged over, faster than Peter expected him to, and pressed the call button.“Ned-!” Peter started before the phone started to ring. Two rings, three… five… eight… “See Ned he’s bu-”“Peter? What’s going on kid?” Tony asked, him popping up on the phone’s screen.“Hey da-” Peter started automatically before immediately noticing his mistake, the look on Ned’s face proved that yes, he almost called Tony Stark dad. He needed to try recover quickly because the look on Tony’s face seemed confused, especially with his slight pause. “-aaaaaamn Mr. Stark I really like your shirt. Where’d you get it?”Smooth.“You gave me the shirt kid. You should know?”“Oh, right.”How could Peter forget that he gave him that shirt? Why else would Tony Stark have a science pun shirt? He was an idiot.“You ok kid? Why are you calling?”“Yup I'm totally fine, just shocked you actually wore the top.” Peter replied nervously, a small chuckle, desperately wanted trying to cover his tracks.“Uhhuh… so yeah, why are you calling me Pete?”“Oh, just… um…uh…”“Call me back when you know what you’re needing. Obviously my presence has left you unable to think clearly due to awe.”“No Mr. Stark it isn't that, I'm just trying to think how to word it?”“That's ok kiddo, take your time. I'm not busy.”(Tony looked up from his phone briefly to see a full room’s worth of people glaring at him to get back into the meeting. He ignored them and looked back to his phone. Pepper visibly groaned, massaging the bridge of her nose.)“I was wondering if you’d, um, like to come to my science thing? Obviously you don't have to because you’re Tony Stark so you’re going to be busy but just in case and god why did I even ask?”“Kid, calm down.”“Sorry Mr. Stark…”“No apologies needed. So, what’s this ‘science thing’?”“Kinda like a science fair? We were all given projects we had to work on for grades and we’re presenting them… you obviously don't have to go, it’d be stupid to think you’d even manage-”“When is it?”“Huh?”“When is your fair?”“Next Wednesday, from ten to three.”“Wow, it just so happens that I am completely free that day.”“Wait seriously?”“Yes Pete, I'm coming along.” He said, grinning slightly. “I bet your project knocks the other kids out the park. I can't wait to see it.”“Oh my god…”“Anyways, I better let you get back to nerding out with your friend… Ned, right? I see the lego set behind you. Seeya in the lab tomorrow kid, have fun with the enterprise or nerdy thing it is.”And with that, Tony hung up the call, leaving Peter in shocked silence as Ned tried to process everything that happened.“Tony Stark knows my name, oh my god. And he’s coming to our show!”“Oh my god… he’s going to come.”“Yup, your dad is gonna come.” Ned said mischievously.“Ned… I don't even think I'm going to survive till next Wednesday let alone him actually coming; You know my track record with field trips. So please, don't.”“Nuhuh, sorry but you almost called him Dad, I'm never letting you live it down.”“Ned, come on dude.”“Wait till I tell MJ.” Ned grinned, pulling out his phone and rapidly typing.“No, don't you dare!” Peter glared, lunging forwards to try grab Ned’s phone before he sent the text.“Too late!”Buzz.MJ: lol what a loser“Ned I will actually kill you.”“No you won't.”“Are you sure about that?” Peter asked, standing up and going to the back of his closet to find his suit, grabbing the mask and slipping it on, ignoring Ned’s ‘nice John Cena reference’ comment. “Hey Karen? Activate Instant kill mode.”Ned just screeched as he saw the eyes narrow to red dots, not thinking that the mode wouldn't actually work considering he only had the mask on. (Tony re-entered the meeting, acting as if nothing had happened, though Pepper could tell from the look on his face that it must have been Peter he was speaking to.Midway through, he leant over to her.“Cancel everything I have next Wednesday.”“Tony you have a meeting with the UN about fixing the accords and a Stark Industries board meeting. You can't cancel them.”“Postpone them then.”Pepper opened her mouth to retort again before she saw the look on Tony’s face. She sighed. “The things you do for that boy. I have no idea why I agreed to marry you.”)•••(It's a shame the science fair couldn't go ahead because of a certain donut shaped spaceship flying down into New York during Peter’s trip that was taking place the day before the science fair.) 

  2 All was silent across the battlefield once they had defeated Thanos and, suppo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Tony Stark & Clint Barton & Scott Lang
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Thor

freeform: 
canonverse
but technically an au since we don't know what happens
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
5+1
5+1 Things
Irondad
spiderson
background pepperony
implied spideychelle
Father son dynamic
no beta readers we die like men
Author had no idea what to do for the title
so have a vine
Team as Family
Peter Parker Calls Tony Stark "Dad"

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Tony Stark & Clint Barton & Scott Lang
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Thor

