Work Text:
The lights are low when Tony enters the bedroom. He’s not really sure how he’s managed to pull this one, but it’s late and most of his teammates have been drinking, which made convincing them a little easier. He’s got everything ready, tucked under the bedcovers for easy access – hidden, just in case things didn’t go to plan, but of course they did, because he’s the one who planned them – and it’s easy to set the room up. Two silk ties around the bed posts for Peter’s wrists. They won’t hold him for shit if he really struggles, but if he hates this, if he wants out of them, Tony’s not going to stop him. A blindfold, left waiting on the pillow. Lube. Enough to make it easy for Peter to take what’s coming for him. He knows he’s walking a thin line but frankly, the fragility of the whole thing is half the appeal.The thing is, they’ve talked about this. Tony’s got a penchant for talking dirty in the act and it all came out long before he meant it to. He’d only mean to test the waters, see how Peter felt about bringing another person into the bedroom with him; when he’d let slip he was thinking about which of his teammates he’d want to watch fuck Peter and the kid had come undone right then and there, he knew he wasn’t going to be able to think about anything else until he’d fulfilled his fantasy.Not to mention they had a bedroom rule – he wasn’t allowed to come until Tony gave permission, no exceptions - and Peter had broken it.So this, Tony figured, was a suitable punishment.The door opens again, quietly, and Tony watches Peter enter as inconspicuously as he can, trying desperately not to alert anyone else in the house that he’s sneaking off to Tony’s bedroom. His naivety is endearing. Tony’s sat on the bed, tie loose and the top buttons of his shirt undone already. He knows Peter loves to see him eager, so he’s already palming at the bulge in his suit pants, half hard just from the thought of what he’s about to do.“Hi, kid.” Tony beckons him over, patting the bed beside him.The coy smile on Peter’s face is almost as adorable as it is sexy. He bites his lips as he approaches, forgoing the bed to stand between Tony’s spread legs, fisting the open collar of Tony’s shirt as he leans in close enough to kiss him, just falling short of the mark. “Mr. Stark.”Tony hums his appreciation of the formality as he takes Peter by the hips, dragging him forward to close the gap between them. He kisses him slow and dirty, tasting his mouth hungrily. Peter’s hands slide up and into his hair, tugging at it as he feels Tony squeezing his ass possessively. When they break apart, it draws a quiet whine from Peter’s lips.“I had something special in mind tonight,” Tony says, waits for Peter’s reaction. As he expects, the kid looks nervous.“Really? The others- they’re right outside.” Peter flusters, glances towards the door. They usually save anything more than a quick fuck for nights where they have more privacy in the compound because Peter can’t help being noisy. He’s yet to clock that’s the point tonight.“Mmm. They are. So you’re going to have to be very well behaved,” Tony teases, enjoying the way the pink spreads from Peter’s cheeks right up to the tips of his ears. “You think you can do that for me, baby boy? You’re at my mercy tonight.”Peter’s more than eager, so Tony takes his time stripping the boy out of his clothes, making him stand perfectly still for it. He can already see him getting hard but he orders Peter not to touch himself under any circumstance. He knows his boy will be obedient, at least for the time being.Sitting Peter on the bed, Tony slips to his knees to take his jeans down. He’s disgustingly turned on to discover Peter’s chosen his pair of tiny boyshorts for tonight, red and white with ‘Sassy’ plastered across the ass in glittery gold – he’s tempted almost to blow the whole thing off, to just make the most of the situation and let the others hear, but when he thinks about it he realizes it’s perfect. There’s so much more to Peter than any of the others see and tonight he’s going to put him on display. Show them all how lucky he is.“Planning on getting fucked tonight, were we?” Tony teases, leaning down to mouth at Peter’s cock through the cotton. Peter trembles, has to grab at the bedsheets to keep himself still. “You know, I shouldn’t be spoiling you like this. I ought to punish you.”“For what?” Peter gasps, the words become strangled as Tony continues his ministrations on his underwear. “What did I-?”Tony doesn’t answer, simply pulling away and rounding the bed to grab one of the silk ties. Peter watches him and he can see his mind ticking, trying to figure out what he’d done wrong. He shifts back on the bed, offering his wrists out to Tony keenly, and Tony can pinpoint the exact moment he remembers what had happened over a week before. He ducks his head, tongue swiping over his lips, a small groan spilling out of them at the memory.“Exactly,” Tony says. He loops the silk around Peter’s wrist, t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

freeform: 
Gangbang
Established Tony/Peter
Past Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
PWP
Porn with Feelings
Voyeurism
Mildly Dubious Consent
at first
Blindfolds
Restraints
Peter is a little fucktoy for all of the Avengers
on Tony's orders
Size Kink
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Multiple Orgasms
Sort of some Tony/Bucky undertones I suppose
Daddy Kink
unapologetic group sex
Double Anal Penetration
Rough Oral Sex

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Avengers Team

