Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Everything had happened much quicker than Peter would have liked.Advanced Placement Human Biology project due third period tomorrow, pre-calculus exam right after lunch, The Midtown Science Faire in the afternoon… And all to top it off, Aunt May was diagnosed with cancer. Lung cancer, to be exact. She had woken up in the middle of the night and coughed up a heck of a lot of blood, and immediately, Peter insisted he drive her to the hospital. He had received his drivers license some time ago after he had taken a couple of months of drivers ed and had even saved up for his first car. It was cheap. A 2007 Saturn Aura, and it didn’t amount to much. Truthfully, it assisted with driving to school rather than taking public transportation. Although Peter didn’t particularly  need  a car ( I mean, he is Spider-Man ), it was his best way to blend in with the other kids in order to prevent assumptions. Flash gave him a lot of shit for having such an old car, but Peter paid no mind. He had other things to worry about other than Flash right now.So much so that the nurse at the hospital had insisted on staying with relatives. The only problem was that Peter didn’t  have  anyone else. He had Tony Stark, but Peter was in no way prepared to call him up and ask for a place to stay. It was the wrong time. Things were complicated. Although Peter promised the nurse that he’d call up Stark as soon as he had gotten home to gather his things, he didn't. Well… He hadn’t done the former. Peter did, however, head to the apartment, packed up what he had, took a quick shower and exited the apartment building. Aunt May wouldn’t be home for a while, and technically, he was still a minor – He wouldn’t be eighteen for a couple of months. He’d find a job, somewhere, but right now, he needed a place to stay. And so he took out his cellphone, dialed Ned’s number, and pressed the phone to his ear.“Hey, Peter. What’s up? Ooh—Do you need me for a super-spidey mission?” Ned’s voice rang positively from the other line. His exhilaration in such a simple conversation brought a smile to his lips.“Hey, Ned.” Peter smiled into the phone and ran a hand through his hair. “No, no, heh. Uh- Listen, you don’t happen to be home, right?”“Nope. Goin’ to Canada for Winter Break. We’re leaving tomorrow to get a head start. Can’t hang out, bud.” Ned said. Shit. Shit, shit, shit.  “Oh.” Peter nodded a bit. “Okay. Uh- Thanks, anyway.”“Sorry… Is everything okay?”“Yeah. Yeah, Ned. It’s fine. Listen, I’ll call you later.” He said.“Okay! Tell May I say hi!”“Will do.” Peter mumbled, before he ended the call with a huff, starting down the street. Welp, that was out of question. He nibbled on his bottom lip and considered calling Michelle, but he and MJ didn’t speak very much, and he almost felt awkward calling, and… Well, he dialed her anyway. On the third ring, she answered.“What’s up, loser?”“Michelle.” Peter cleared his throat. “Uh—Hey. Hi.”“What do you want?” She asked with a soft huff of air escaping her lips. She wasn’t bothered, but she was pretending to be.“Listen, I—Uhm… You’re not going anywhere for Winter Break, right?”Michelle was silent for a moment. “Uh—Nope. Staying home. Why?”Peter fumbled with the sleeve of his sweatshirt nervously. “Can I—Uhm… Can I maybe stay over? Just one night?” He asked hesitantly.“Stay over? Like… A sleepover?” Michelle questioned. “Don’t we have school tomorrow?”“Uhm… It’ll just be one night…” Peter contemplated telling her what happened. He wasn’t  that  close with Michelle. Telling her his problems was unnecessary. She probably had enough on her plate. “Yeah. You know… Cause you’re cool.”“Cause I’m cool.” She repeated unsurely.“If I can.” He mumbled the last part.She sighed. “Fine.” She said. “Come by after dinner.” And then she hung up.Up until around 7:30 when Michelle sent a text over to Peter that dinner was finished, – Peter bought a sandwich from Delmar at the deli – he had spent a bit of time as Spider-Man. Luckily, while his bags were unattended, nothing was taken, and he had prevented someone’s motorcycle from being stolen. One step up from a bike, at least, right? He changed swiftly into comfortable jeans and a graphic t-shirt, throwing a sweatshirt over his body. It was growing closer to the end of winter, and it’s when things grew coldest in New York. He stepped up into the apartment building that Michelle directed him to and sent her a text that he was here. She came down to the lobby to let him in, and guided him to the fourth floor, where her apartment was at the end of the hall.The elevator ride was quiet.“Just to let you know, my mom isn’t home.” Michelle explained as she unlocked the door and stepped inside. Peter came in after her, and she shut the door.“Oh.”“Don’t get all nervous.” Michelle rolled her eyes, setting the key aside as she brought him into the living room. “You can set your stuff down here. Hey – Why’d you bring so much stuff, anyway? It’s just one night.” She rose a b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Brief Peter Parker/Harry Osborn
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Stony - Freeform
My writing is ass
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker/Top Wade Wilson
Fluff
Angst
Smut
Slow Burn
Adoptive Father Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Superfamily
Angst with a Happy Ending
Eventual Happy Ending
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Consent

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Brief Peter Parker/Harry Osborn
Tony Stark/Steve Rogers

