Work Text:
 “You said it would hold,” Steve accused. Tony scowled. “How was I supposed to know that Red October over here would use it as a battering ram against the Hulk Buster?”Bucky, like the little shit he was, prodded anyway, “It worked though, didn’t it?”“Can it, Freezer burn,” Tony snapped over his shoulder as he continued to square off with the Captain; a blood vessel began pulsing in his neck along while he shoved his fist into his pocket, trying to suppress the tremble as he stared down his opponent.Gritting his teeth, Steve ordered, “You’d better fix this.”Tony snorted. “My ass, I better fix this, who the hell do you think you are that you get to prioritize Barnes? Bruce’s still in the goddamn Hulk Buster!”Steve’ jaw worked. “Bruce is in the Playroom.”“That doesn’t mean he’s okay,” Tony shot back, and worryingly that blood vessel in his neck looked like it was going to burst.   “Back off, Stevie,” Bucky interjected when the Captain remained stubborn, “let ‘em get Banner out of that thing, I’ll be fine.”“But -”Pointing at him with his hand, Tony shouted, “Thank you!” before sauntering off without another word, argument effectively over now that Steve was looking at him with a furrow between his brows, nostrils flared in anger as he spluttered, “He should’ve -”  “Should’ve nothin’, Stevie, the arm’s fine until he gets back.” It was annoying to remind the man of this, you’d think someone labeled one of history’s greatest tacticians would know when to pull a white flag. “Tony’s the only one who can fix this damn thing, it’d be best not to piss him off, dontcha think?”He could practically hear Steve’s teeth grind. The Captain would never make concessions to Tony, but when it came to his best friend, Bucky Barnes, he swallowed his pride like a harsh shot of vodka. Steve would do anything for Bucky. Pity that man no longer existed. He knew better than to let Steve in on that, though.Pretending to be Bucky worked out just fine anyway, nostalgia was pretty easy to cash in on when you had the man’s face; getting his hair cut and wearing that blue coat only aided in the ploy.It was exhausting, at times, but nothing new – nothing different to any other mission he’d been forced to undertake. And this was like every other mission – a soldier sent to fight a war he knew nothing about, only now he was pretending to be someone else on top of that. At least he was treated better as Bucky Barnes.The relative freedom; the lack of punishment when he messed up; no Chair; no torture; the housing was possibly the best he’d had in his whole life; the food was even better. Granted, the routine remained: Train, fight, recover; repeat. Though, even those things were improved, particularly the recovery part.An hour later he was called into the workshop, and as the elevator descended, he couldn’t help the way his eyes lingered on the Iron Man suits on display, the Legion standing at attention, the restored classic cars, the half-completed projects littered on workbenches and the robots lingering throughout the floor – some focused on a particular task while others played some sort of digital version of fetch. In the midst of it all was Tony.The man was turned with his back to the doors, changed out of his flight suit and into a black shirt and a pair of jeans. His hair was in disarray, sweat glistening on his neck, white bandage peeking out just below that – probably winding around his chest and down the rest of his back. Tony had fallen, he recalled, right out of the sky just after the wormhole closed.He’d been too far away, and Banner wouldn’t have gotten to him in time to catch him so he’d given the angry green monster a little push.There were consequences, of course – Tony’s obvious injury and Banner’s lockdown in the Playroom – but he couldn’t afford to lose Tony.“You couldn’t’ve chosen something softer for me to land on, could you?” Tony grumbled in greeting.“Lesser of two evils; should think about a parachute next time,” he remarked, sliding into the allocated chair nearby the usual workbench.“Where’s your patriotic shadow?” He snickered. “Why, miss him already?”“I’ll throw you out this window, Barnes, don’t tempt me,” Tony threatened with none of the heat, pointing at him with a wrench as he cleaned up the clutter.“If you do I’ll have to change all your coffee to decaf, doll.”“You heathen,” Tony gasped. “And here I am wasting my precious time putting Humpty-Dumpty back together.”“Hey, you’re the one threatenin’ people,” he retorted. Then, “Told Stevie I was going to see you alone or I wasn’t goin at all. Punk didn’t have much of a choice.”Tony exhaled a snort, and he noted the way the man’s shoulders relaxed only marginally at the lack of Steve in antagonizing him. Not that he could blame the technician.Comfortable banter between the two of them or not. He realized early on that the techs that handled his arm tended to be twitchy. Though he had to admit, it was probably the reputation he built for himself over the past
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pre-Relationship
Pre-WinterIron
Bucky centric
Winter Soldier pretending to be Bucky Barnes
russian bucky
Steve gets manipulated
I just wanted a shot at Tony as the WS mechanic
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Arm maintenance
Fake Science

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

