Chapter 1: In Which Peter Misses Dinner and Tony gets a Headache
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
PART ONE: THE ITSY-BITSY SPIDER CRAWLED UP THE WATERSPOUT  “Mr. Stark?”Peter left a message on the man’s voicemail for the third time this week. “Um, this is Peter, uh I was just calling to ask whether you needed my help saving the world or something… Call me when you do…”He hung up, flopping onto his bed. One voicemail per day was about as frequent as he allowed himself, although sometimes, on days like this, he wanted to maybe inch up to two. Or three. Or five.  Damn I'm bored…   He let out a quite unflattering whine, and grumbled, “why are some days so  normal ?”It was Wednesday, which meant he wasn’t allowed to go patrolling, according to the frankly irritating rules May had laid out when she’d found out his little secret. Said rules also dictated that when he  could go out, he had to be back by ten. Which was inconvenient to say the least; real trouble happened around eleven.He wasn’t about to complain though. She hadn’t taken his suit or grounded him for all of eternity as he’d feared. So shit if he was going to make a fuss about a few boundaries when the alternative was near-literal life imprisonment.But if Mr. Stark needed him to help save the world… well, Aunt May couldn’t keep him from something  that important.Of course, Stark never answered his messages.That didn’t matter. Of course it didn’t.He fidgeted irately and checked his nerdy watch (it had chemical elements instead of numbers). With a sigh, he found it to be 3:10. Aunt May wouldn't be home until 5:00…Unable to resist, Peter opened the attic hatch above his desk. His room tilted as he attached himself to the ceiling and climbed through the small entrance. Crouching, frog-like, he opened his fancy Stark Industries suitcase.The mechanic suit holder flipped open, revealing his (totally awesome) Spider-Man suit.He’d just wanted to look at it, honestly. Four months did little to ease how impressive, how  freeing, the suit was. Looking didn’t last long.A couple minutes later, he was opening his bedroom window and swinging out into the crisp Manhattan air. Spider-Man perched on top of one of the many skyscrapers in Rockefeller Plaza, watching the ant-sized people run back and forth from building to building. Nothing abnormal.He sighed. “Hey Karen?”His suit answered, “Yes Peter?”“Any reports of any crimes or thefts in the area?”“Shouldn’t you be at home?” The AI sounded a little too much like it was scolding him. “It’s Wednesday.”Peter tried to hide his face, which wasn’t very effective considering the person he was hiding from was literally the clothes he was wearing. Which was a bit freaky, now that he thought about it. “I’ve done all my homework and May won’t be back for a while and I’m not gonna do anything dangerous…” he trailed off, knowing exactly how true  that particular comment was. “Just scan, please, Karen?”His suit made a noise that sounded a bit like a sigh and compiled. “Scanning…”Peter tapped his foot impatiently.  Just one crime… please?  A ding sounded in his ear. “Speeding on 47th. Crowded street; could get dangerous soon.”Unable to contain excitement and relief, Spider-Man punched the air. “Yes!” He shot a line of web towards the nearest building, and swung towards the downtown area. Approximately an hour and a half (and three neighborhood crimes) later, Spider-Man was slinking along the edge of the building at the corner of 47th and 5th avenue, on the lookout for some jewel robbers Karen had warned him about. Sure enough, three thugs with ski masks were robbing MDC Diamonds. Not that he was surprised; the Stark tech that Karen used (and was, he supposed) was never wrong. He walked in and leaned against the door frame in attempted casualty. “Hey guys! Why'd you have to start without me? We could have made this a lot easier.”They just stared at him, before finally responding “Who the hell are you?” with a voice muffled by the mask.He rolled his eyes, not caring that no one could see through the mask. “Good grief, you'd think that after all this time people would recognize me!” He groaned sarcastically, then shot a web at the nearest thug. The man dropped his money bag as his hands were immediately engulfed by sticky netting.Immediately, and unsurprisingly, the other two guys held up pistols. “Don't come any closer!”“No problem buddy!” Web covered both of their guns, slowing the speed of the bullets. Spider-Man dodged the now less-than-lethal projectiles by jumping onto the ceiling and sticking there, shooting more webs as he went.The two with the mostly-useless weapons took seconds to overpower, and Spider-Man moved with fluid practice, Karen advising him calmly. He had the gun-dudes stuck to the walls almost before they had a chance to fire another shot, and he took a step back to survey his work, Spidey senses tingling--
 Whap! 
Spider-Man had forgotten about the first i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & T'Challa
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Canon-Typical Violence
Canon Compliant
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
BAMF Michelle Jones
bamf everyone really
Growing Up
Healing
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Yeah I don't know what else to tag because there will probably be everything in here
Four Months after Homecoming
Whump
Political Intrigue
I'm going to do alot of things to these guys
very slow burn
HUNDREDS OF PAGES OF BURN
Protective Peter Parker
Protective Tony Stark
protective may parker
Protective Everyone
mental issues
Magic
Sorcerers
Kidnapping
Canon Divergence - Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Creative interpretations of canon
Basically I ignore the post-credit scene with Mordo from Doctor Strange
There aren't 'too many sorcerers'
Stephen Strange is Actually the Greatest
because I said so
BAMF Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & T'Challa
Peter Parker & Stephen Strange

