Work Text:
Tony sighed sliding further down into his bath. It had been a long day filled with board meetings and putting on the act that he knew what he was doing. He had only just a few short months ago, come of age to take over his father’s company. Not to mention the whole debacle with Ob-with Stane. Then having to go through different lawyers and board members to let Pepper run the company instead until he came of age. The stress was-a lot- so much so that he had been kept so busy and stressed he never got to see his boyfriends as much as he wanted. Tony sighed again, just thinking about his boyfriends made him giddy. At first he was sceptical and shocked to say the least that the two older men, who just so happened to be famous super soldiers were interested in him. Not just for money, or reputation or-or the sex. But for him.Tony blushed sinking down until just his nose was peaking out of the water. Many people had this idea about him that he was this crazy rich playboy that had slept with anyone he ever looked at. The real fact was that he, Tony Stark, was a virgin. Steve, Bucky and Tony had been dating for the last five months and they hadn’t gone beyond kisses and light touches. The soldiers could sense his unease and were being absolutely sweet and going Tony’s pace. However, Tony was too embarrassed to tell his boyfriends, afraid they would leave him for a more experienced partner. He was too selfish to let them go. He would miss the cuddles, the kisses, and the sweet words too much. Tony sat back up and leaned his head back, closing his eyes and just luxuriating in the warmth of the water and air of the room. Steve and Bucky had left for a mission four days ago and he missed them terribly. Since they were gone, Tony had the whole penthouse to himself. God, did he miss them. The stress was getting to him and the best way to relieve it was snuggling up to his giant beefy boyfriends. Their hugs were like magic and made everything bad go away. They’d kiss him sweetly, drag their fingers through his hair making him mewl. He loved when they did that. It always turned him into jelly. Bucky would hold him and Steve would slowly move in to ki-“Now ain’t that the prettiest sight you’ve ever seen”Tony shot up, eyes bulging as he took in the sight of his two boyfriends still in full combat gear. They had at least put away their weapons, Bucky’s guns and Steve’s shield. The two soldiers were smirking at him, something Tony had never seen before, it made his pulse quicken. “You are absolutely right Buck, don’t think I’ve ever seen anything prettier,” purred Steve.Tony wasn’t sure if he was blushing before but he was definitely blushing now. Steve and Bucky were staring at him. While he was in the tub. While he was NAKED in the tub. Tony subconsciously sank a little further into the water, trying to inconspicuously cover his sex with his hands. He was thankful for the copious amounts of bubbles he put into his bath.
The older men chuckled, “Aw, Stevie he’s blushin. What’s the matter doll? Don’t want us lookin?”Tony shuddered. He-he wasn’t sure what he wanted. Yes he was incredibly attracted to the all american beef cakes standing in the doorway, he had eyes! But, but them seeing him? It made him incredibly nervous. Tony knew he was attractive, but, they were super soldiers, the perfect specimen of man. He had also never gotten naked with someone before. It made him shiver.“Not even a ‘hey’? I think our baby boy has forgotten how to talk, Bucky.”Bucky ‘mmmed; in agreement. “Boy, Cap, I don’t know about you, but that mission kicked my ass, I could sure use a nice soak in the tub, get all relaxed and wet.” “I completely agree, and look how sweet our boy is, he has this big ‘ol tub and filled it with sweet water. Added bonus, what a sweetheart, he’s in the tub too.”Tony couldn’t respond, he was watching, mouth agape as Bucky began stripping while Steve was talking. He gulped audibly when Steve quickly followed suit. Tony kept staring as all of those large muscles were put on display. From the quick touches, and creating their uniforms, Tony knew his boyfriends were muscular, he had EYES ok? Seeing their bare chests made him blush harder, but was unable to look away.The soldiers, watching Tony’s every move, smirked at their adorable lover. Tony had been so shy. When they had first tried to move things up a step, Tony spluttered and uttered an obvious excuse. They chucked it up to new relationship nerves and didn’t push the topic. Their boy would let them know when he was ready. But oh- oh, seeing him laying there vulnerable, naked and wet. They couldn’t help themselves. They needed to touch.They smirked when Tony let out a startled ‘meep!’ when they dropped their pants. They chuckled as well when Tony quickly covered his eyes. Their boy was so sweet.“Aww, baby boy what’s wrong?” cooed Bucky, “Are our bodies makin you uncomfortable?”Tony whined, he was so embarrassed! Not even five minutes of them being home he was m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
First Time
young Tony
Consensual
NOT! underage
Tony is like 21 or 22 in this
Virgin Tony Stark
Hand Jobs
baths
Kissing
Nipple Play
What am I doing
Tony is possibly ooc
Don't care
Sweet Tony Stark
Naive Tony
blushing Tony
Innocent Tony
Fluff
And love

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

