Work Text:
Thor missed having Loki around the most in these moments. He could always count on his brother to turn something heading towards boredom into delightful, amusing chaos despite Thor’s halfhearted protests whenever Loki did it right in front of him. He could use some magical snakes right about now. Unfortunately his brother had not been welcome at this particular event. Pepper had made sure to remind him of that fact more times than she had taken to reminding Tony about the gala itself.The gala, though it reminded him of countless royal obligations across the Nine, had slipped well past boring over an hour ago. He listened halfheartedly as the mortals around him continued asking shallow questions about his father’s vaults, the wealth of Asgard and how Earth measured up.Occasionally a question about the Avengers and past battles was asked but they seemed more focused on gold.Thor’s eyes flicked up, scanning across the mortals spinning and dancing to soft music, to see Tony surrounded by a group of admirers. It was nothing new. Tony held more than enough titles on Earth to garner attention for any one of them. Thor was no stranger to it.He had never found himself wanting for company at each celebration he attended. Warriors and royalty always drew in interested admirers. As Tony was Earth’s closest thing to a Prince of Midgard and an impressive warrior it wasn’t a surprise.It didn’t stop the lightning inside of him from surging when someone became far too familiar with his husband. His bonded and recently announced Consort.The sight of someone stepping closer, too close with a familiar look on their face, while laying a hand suggestively on Tony had something dark, something ugly, coiling inside of him. A low, rolling boom of thunder sounded.Tony was his husband. He was Thor’s Consort set to rule at Thor’s side until he passed the throne down to one of their children.Thor narrowed his eyes on the hand moving lower as Tony continued talking to the group around him. It was likely Tony hadn’t even noticed. It happened often that Tony would get involved in a story and lose complete track of what was happening around him. He had pulled Tony onto his lap during one such time and Tony hadn’t noticed until he had paused for breath.“Excuse me.”He nodded to the group, stepped through them and moved across the room. The mortals parted for him without a word, several eyes turning to follow his progress, as Thor headed towards Tony.The hand resting suggestively on his Tony, far too low, moved even lower. Outside a storm started to roll in, lightning flashing across the sky and a rolling boom had a few guests jumping with nervous laughter.On Asgard such transgressions against the Crown Prince’s husband and Consort would be punished publicly if anyone was foolish enough to show such familiarity.Thor didn’t hesitate. He stepped right up to Tony, arm reaching out and curling around his waist, to tug his husband against his side where Tony belonged. “Hey, Thundercat.” Tony smiled at him, easily pressing against him with a sigh, as though he had merely been waiting for Thor to show up.It was likely he had been waiting.He offered a smile in return and leaned down to press his lips to Tony’s, eyes opening to lock with the mortal who had thought he could touch his Tony before he focused once again on kissing his husband, as Thor showed them exactly who Tony belonged to.It seemed that some mortals willfully ignored obvious claims and Thor was not interested in entertaining such trespasses. He knew that a press conference had been held to announce their wedding on Asgard. There was no excuse for anyone to place hands on Tony or to attempt to lure his husband away.Thor pulled back, took in Tony’s flushed cheeks and eyes hooded with pleasure, before glancing to see the group staring at them. He could see jealousy, arousal, shock and amusement.The one who had been touching his Tony was looking at him with pure annoyance and obvious jealousy.He might be a Prince but Thor was not above so obviously staking his claim.“Someone missed me.” Tony responded cheekily, “I’ll try not to leave you alone for too long next time, Sparky.” It was a light tease. “I was just telling them about our last fight.”Thor nodded and listened as Tony turned back to his audience, charming them effortlessly and drawing out laughs, as he spun a tale easily. It was times like these when Thor truly noticed his brother was not the only one with a silver tongue.The two of them would have the Nine on their knees and not one person would realize it until it was too late.A smile quirked his lips at the thought.Most wouldn’t be too impressed with that line of thinking but Thor had grown up with an appreciation for chaos and silver tongued geniuses. Some of his favorite quests through the Nines ended in complete chaos and pandemonium.He stayed next to Tony, occasionally offering his own thoughts, until Pepper came over, hand softly resting on his arm, to guide him t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Possessive Behavior
Possessive Thor (Marvel)
Top Thor
Bottom Tony
Semi-Public Sex
Loud Sex
Barebacking
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
Smut
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Poor Pepper Potts
consort tony stark
Married Tony Stark/Thor
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

