Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Steve yelled and howled the whole way, demanding they let go of him and calling them creative combinations of not so friendly names, but it did nothing. Three men were on him, two pushing him along behind him with the third was in front, opening doors and making sure their path was clear. It was.   They got to the room and the door slammed open, Steve shoved in unceremoniously and the door closed and locked behind them. The room was smallish with a dim light, but nothing could be discerned through his blindfold. He was roughly shoved to his knees and one of the men grabbed the chain in between his handcuffs, yanking it upwards so he fell onto his bare chest, still hollering up a storm. That was quickly remedied as a wadded up cloth was shoved in his mouth, a latex strap wrapped around his head to keep it in place. It didn't stop his words and rightful accusations, but it did muffle them.   The men worked quickly, eagerly. A desk was in the corner of the room with various things says on top and hidden in the drawers, from which they produced small chains and belt-like objects. The thickest one went around his neck, tightened until it was flush against his skin, not tight enough to affect his breathing but tight enough that he could feel it with every strangled inhale. He puffed out his breathes through his nose, and at this point his noises came out in the form of whines, protesting the collar, the handcuffs, the gag, the humiliation, the coldness of the floor his naked body was laid upon. The faceless men tightened leather straps around his thighs and ankles, adjusting these ones to be tighter. They forced his legs to bend at the knees and pushed his feet so they were almost to his ass, connecting his ankles to thighs with thin chains so that he'd stay that way, unable to extend his legs.   Steve let out a low groan of protest as a stray hand slid down the curve of his back, cold fingers trailing in between his cheeks. The man muttered words with little meaning, mutters of beautiful and I can't wait to absolutely wreck the little bitch.   Two of the men got on either side of him, lifting him up by the armpits so he was on his knees in front of them. "Grab that strap over there? His hands are too loose." One of them did, taking off the handcuffs and replacing them with a skintight latex strap that held his wrists painfully close together. Fingers wiggled their way in between his wrists, skin pressed against skin in a way that should have been as innocent as fingers and wrists, but somehow managed to feel much filthier than that. Hands and fingers trailed over his body, pinching his bony collarbones, feeling the patch of soft skin on the inside of his elbows, even trailing over the bottoms of his feet, making him wince. One of the men laughed. "Ticklish?"   He had no way to know who was touching him, which rough hand belonged to which man. The one stroking over his ribs could have been the same man as the one tracing a finger up his dick, toying with the tip. Any sound, any hiss of frustration was caught in the gag.   The hand dipped down to his feet again and he tried to swat it away with his tightlt bound hands. "I think we need to try something different," the man said, and in all of the mixture of emotions and sensations Steve wasnt able to tell one voice from the other. "The X?"   They must have nodded or done something else to show agreement, and then his hands were released once more only to be pulled so his elbows were bent, his arms crossed behind his back. He let out a high pitched grunt at the stretch, but they just pushed him further, tightening more straps around his arms, one going around his left and right forearms and another the other way so that his arms were tied in an x formation with the straps in a cross. Steve struggled against them, but the straps didn't have any give.   A finger trailed up his dick, half hard like it didn't know whether to be aroused by the sexual touches or to shrink in response to the fear. The finger stroked up and down slowly, feeling every bump and ridge, tracing in between his balls and giving them a little squeeze. "You can relax. It's going to happen whether your tense or not."   That only made him tense up more. His shoulders already ached from the tight bonds, his knees sore from being pressed up against the cold ground. Goosebumps pricked up on his skin and his entire body trembled, either from the cold or from the terror of the situation.   A hand traced up his dick again and Steve got the idea it was different from the other one. This one traced all the way, collecting his precum on it.   His gag was unfastened and he was told in soothing tones not to bite or he'll regret it, its going to happen no matter what he does, no one can help him now, he might as well enjoy it, and oh, open that pretty little mouth of yours, just like that and mmm, doesn't it taste sweet? Have you ever tasted yourself before? Lick it, suck it, and a dar
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hydra Agents/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow

freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Gangbang
Gang Rape
Bondage
Non-Consensual Bondage
BDSM
Bad BDSM Etiquette
Gags
Butt Plugs
Rape/Non-con Elements
Rape
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Smut
Sex
HYDRA Trash Party
Blindfolds
Captive
Bottom Steve Rogers
Choking
Face-Fucking
Oral Sex
Anal Sex
Double Penetration
No Aftercare
Predicament Bondage
Anal Fingering
Shower Sex
Spreader Bars
Cock Rings
Cock & Ball Torture
Isolation
Sensory Deprivation
Cages
Size Kink
Size Difference

fandom: 
Hydra Agents/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Brock Rumlow
Steve Rogers/Jack Rollins/Brock Rumlow

