Chapter 1: Awakening
    


Summary:


Lovely cover art by angel_gidget!




Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Welcome home sir—” JARVIS began his customary greeting. His voice warped on the final word. He’d lost power. Tony’s mind was seven years in the future, listening to Hill tell the Avengers there was no one else in the building. Listening to his own words, as carefully concealed disbelief and heartbreak began to cloud his mind. Listening to the racing of his heart, as he pulled up and took in the sight of the shattered fragments of JARVIS. Listening to how the room turned on him, and all he could do was stare at the hologram that displayed JARVIS’s corpse. Staring at the tangle of corrupted lines and unusable fragments. The Avengers yelling around him and all he could think was: Who would avenge JARVIS? His mind was still halfway lost in the memory as he continued to play out the script of a scene half-remembered. His voice was a mixture of angry defiance and burgeoning panic as he retread a well-worn conversation. It echoed the way he’d once sounded, freshly betrayed and a day out from Obie’s death, when he’d been greeted in the dark by an unknown figure that had managed to disable JARVIS. Now, instead of running through and frantically assembling contingency plans to face yet another unknown enemy as he spoke, the brunt of his mental efforts turned elsewhere. They were set on the impossible task of masking the swirl of emotional chaos trying to claw its way out from within him, and it was taking all he had to keep the emotions at bay. He navigated the conversation on auto-pilot. The source of his brusqueness and semi-hostility was different, perhaps, but he was as dismissive as he’d once been of the newly-introduced Director Fury and his proposed boy band. Finally, finally, Fury dismissed himself. As though Tony were the uninvited guest that’d broken into someone’s home and hurt their— He cut the thought off abruptly. Instead, he stumbled his way downstairs and headed towards the garage. His workshop, with its still-unrepaired glass walls that meant it was no longer a haven for him. 
It’s not safe; it’s not private enough and he can’t let anyone see him like this—
 JARVIS flickered back to life around him, whatever Fury had done to him wearing off. 
(“Scattered, dumped his memory. But not his protocols.”)

 
(“I’m not Ultron. I’m not JARVIS. I am… I am.”)
 
“Lock down the mansion. Don’t let anyone in. I don’t care who they are or why they’re here, they can wait.” It was still the middle of the night. There wouldn’t be guests any time soon. But the instinct to lock himself away and protect himself from exposure was automatic. No one could see him in this state. Not even the bots, if he could have kept it from them. Not when there was the risk that he could hurt them. He’s had nightmares before, where instead of Pepper it was DUM-E. Where instead of her voice slowly bringing him out of panic, there was only confused beeping and a repulsor blast in response. In the nightmares, he obliterates the one person that’s been there for him unconditionally ever since the death of his mother and Jarvis. He’d been overwhelmed by reminders of his nightmarish memories before. The vast expanse of space, an equally-vast army quickly masked by a blinding explosion. Back when his and Pepper’s romantic relationship was new, and the flashbacks were nightly occurrences that left him reeling. Back before they’d been replaced by things even worse and he’d learned better than to do anything but sleep alone. He heard JARVIS confirming his command. Even years since his loss, Tony still picked up the note of worry in his tone. The emotion behind his words none but he, and perhaps Pepper, had ever been able or willing to read. The words sounded distant, spoken far away or at the end of a long tunnel.  He was alone. Trapped in his mind. For a time, he remained there, caught within himself. Caught in a chaotic storm of panic-fear-horror-loss-grief-confusion-terror-despair that built on itself in a downward spiral seemingly without end. Eventually, the exhaustion won out and his panic attack gave way to a troubled sleep. His sleep was haunted by memories of a life he’s yet to live. A full twelve hours passed before Tony awoke once more. The light from the clerestory windows beamed down at just the right angle to cast a glare directly into his eyes. He lay still for a moment, blinking away the spots in his vision and remaining slumped against the wall of a workshop long destroyed. Eventually, his sight cleared and he took in his surroundings. His attention was quickly drawn to the sound of DUM-E beeping worriedly nearby. He was draped in a blanket he didn’t remember being there the night before. The small gesture from one of his long-lost bots was enough that his eyes began to moisten once more. Before the burst of grief-tainted fondness could give way to darker emotions, JARVIS 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Tony Stark Has A Heart
BAMF Tony Stark
Canon Divergence - Post-Iron Man 1
Saving the World
Computer Programming
Dubious Science
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trust Issues
Palladium Poisoning
Sneaky Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Stark Industries
BAMF JARVIS
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)

fandom: 
Jarvis & Tony Stark

