Work Text:
If Steve had paused long enough to trace back the events of the day, or even the events of the past few months, he would have realized that they had been heading in this direction from the start. But he was finding it difficult to hold any thought in his head with Bucky’s lips on his throat and his hips moving slowly on top of him. Steve’s entire universe at that moment was pinpointed to just Bucky. He couldn’t manage at that moment to remember there was any outside world or problems, not when he’d been wanting this for so long. There had been times, back in New York so long ago, on warm nights where they slept with windows wide open when Steve had let himself think of possibly having more. Of exploring the feelings he had but didn’t understand. He never knew anything like this was possibly. Kissing Bucky was so much better than the handful of other kisses he’d gotten.It might have been sappy, or even seen as naive by some, but Steve had always truly believed that he and Bucky were connected on a deeper level. They understood each other completely, came from the same place, had grown up together. So it wasn’t a surprise that Bucky seemed to know just where to dig his fingers into Steve’s hips and scrape his teeth over his collarbone, making Steve flush and gasp. Steve’s imaginings of what it would feel like to have Bucky’s bare skin against his did not even come close to the real thing. Winter nights spent huddled, sharing blankets and a bed while Steve battled through yet another cold or bought of pneumonia weren’t the same as the slide of Bucky’s chest against his own. He had his legs wrapped around the man’s hips to keep him close and didn’t plan on loosening his grip, not when Bucky grinding against him felt so good. Bucky had other plans, though, and was working at removing Steve’s pants. The blond couldn’t complain about that, of course, and arched his hips up to asset as Bucky pulled his jeans and underwear down over his ass. “What the fuck, Rogers?” Steve lifted his head and could only make a vague noise in response. They hadn’t actually spoken in a while, not since the kissing started. And now that his pants were coming off he wasn’t really sure why Bucky chose now to say something. “What?” he panted, desperate to have Bucky’s hands on him again, and quickly. Bucky was staring at his crotch. “When the hell did this happen?” Steve looked and panicked, wondering what kind of fault Bucky was finding in his dick, which was quite hard and starting to become disappointed that it was only being looked at. “When did what happen.” Bucky’s eyes rose to meet his. “You’re fucking huge.” If he hadn’t already been flushed, he would be blushing now. “Um… yeah, well… super soldier serum changed everything fairly proportionally.” Now he was starting to really panic. Bucky didn’t like him, he was physically repulsed by Steve. Or… possibly not because Bucky’s pupils were blown and he was licking his lips slowly. “I guess I didn’t think about that…” “Is it… ok?” Bucky grinned at him and finally, finally, wrapped his fingers (the warm blood-and-flesh ones) around Steve’s cock. “Just a bit of a surprise. This is the first time I’ve seen it in seventy years.”Steve pushed his elbows under him, sitting up. “When did you see me naked?” His only reply was a look of ‘seriously, Rogers?’ which he suppose he deserved. They had lived together, been through a war together. “Ok, when did you see me naked that you actually took the time to notice what everything looked like.” With a smile, Bucky leaned in and kissed him slowly, tongue sweeping through Steve’s mouth in a way that made his arms and legs suddenly feel like jello. “Every time.” It took Steve a moment to remember what that was in reference to. “I noticed every time.” Steve smiled against his mouth. “Pervert.” “Punk.”“Jerk.” Steve wrapped a strong arm around Bucky’s shoulders and made talking impossible, kissing him hard and needy. When they parted, mouths wet and swollen and gasping for breath, Steve rested his forehead against Bucky’s. “Hey, just so you know, you don’t have to feel obligated or anything.” He’d never been self conscious about his body, not since the serum, and he’d never really thought about size being a problem. But now he was worried. His worries where quickly extinguished. Bucky chuckled darkly. “Rogers, if you think we are leaving this room without me feeling every inch of you inside me, you got another thing coming.” Steve was such his dick must have jumped in Bucky’s loose grip. The man grinned and kissed him again, teeth nipping at his lip. “Holy shit, Buck…” Bucky was leaning away, tugging off his own remaining clothes. Steve followed suit by kicking his jeans away, not removing his eyes from Bucky, who was grabbing a bottle of lube from the bedside drawer. Steve didn’t even know the other knew he had that. “Don’t look so shocked about everything.” Bucky popped the top of the bottle, pressed a kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth. “You’
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
PWP
Smut
Bottom Bucky
size queen Bucky
This might qualify as crack

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

