Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“We're coming up on the ship.”
Steve frowned as he took hold of the back of the pilot chair and peered out past Clint into the dark.  Dull, shapeless shadows rushed by on the other side of the streaks of rain steadily poured down the quinjet's windshield, but the sea below was lost in the black and the moon in the clouds.  Flying in whether like this always made his nerves stand on end as faint memories of clacking war planes that felt like they were holding together on prayer alone passed through his mind, but he pushed them away and focused instead on the steady floor beneath his feet and the warm, temperature controlled air that filled his lungs.  Even though Steve could see no sign of the ship, the display on the dash next to Clint flashed that the ETA would be within the next two minutes.  The tension in the cab was slowly coming to a head as they rushed towards their latest mission, which did more to set the tension in Steve's shoulders than the bad whether.  It just proved that the more things changed, the more they stayed the same he supposed.  
“Alright,” he said as he turned back to the others.  “Let's look alive, people.”
Steve stepped down from the cockpit area and moved to stand next to Nat.  She tilted her head in his direction just to acknowledgment him but otherwise didn't comment in any sort of way.  Her shoulders were loose and her stance easy, but her arms were crossed in that tight way she liked to hold them.  Her own personal shield from the world.  That was nothing unusual, though.  This was all business as usual for someone like her.
Sam was pacing lightly around in the back.  His wings were already strapped to his back, but he was fiddling with the goggle's strap as he moved.  Every time he turned in one direction, he would have to work around Tony's empty suit, but he was keeping his steps even and light.  Ever so often, his attention would turned towards the closed hatch before going back to the group.  
Tony didn't bother to spare any of them any attention.  His focus was solely on the holographic schematic of the modified oil tanker they were tracking.  FRIDAY had locked onto it through a satellite and was using it to display the thermal readouts of the people inside.  They looked like ants that some kid had set on fire as some of them scurried from one level to another, while others from one level to another.  There was on particularly large group gathered in the lower deck.
“That's where the hostages are,” Steve said.
“Looks like,” Tony agreed.  “At least twenty of them, by my count.”
Damn.  That was more than they original thought.  It didn't change anything, though.
“We still all know what to do,” Steve said.  
Sam nodded.  “Hit hard and hit fast.”
“Nothing we haven't done a thousand times,” Steve agreed.  “Your wings going to be okay out in this weather?”
“Little rain has never stopped them before,” Sam said with a shrug.  “They'll get us there.”
Steven glanced over at Nat, who just gave him a small shrug.  
He wasn't the biggest fan of this part of the plan, but there was nothing they could really do.  As Sam had said, they needed to hit them hard and fast, so he didn't have time to do a water jump and clear the deck for the others like he had done all those months ago with the Lemurian Star.  These guys weren't pirates, and they had no problem with destroying everyone and everything the moment they had any indication that something was amiss.  As soon as they were out those doors, they needed to be on deck.  Which meant that Nat and Clint were with Sam and Tony.  Tony's armor was fine in any sort of weather, but this storm could very well mess with Sam's wings, no matter what he said otherwise.  He had to trust them, though.  
Besides, Tony would be more than happy to rescue them, if for no other reason than to hold it over Sam's head for the rest of his life.
“Well, they're about to get you there real fast,” Clint said as he typed in the code to give FRIDAY control of the quinjet and grabbed his bow.  “We're coming out of the cloud cover now.  I say we have about ten seconds before they send up the welcoming committee to greet us.”
“It would be rude to keep them waiting,” Nat said with a grin.
Hitting the release, Steve watched as the back entrance of the quinjet slid open with a deafening howl of cold, wet air.  Clouds swirled behind them as the hard rain fell off into the black below.  What a great night for a rescue. 
Tony's suit came to life with a hum as he and Clint stepped up on one side of Steve, while Sam and Nat came up on the other.  As the tanker's light up below them, FRIDAY swung the quinjet around and took them in lower.
Swinging his shield around, Steve secured it to his back and said, “Let's go say 'hello', then.”
“First one to get their guy in place gets to pick dinner,” Tony said before he grabbed Clint and took off.
Sam made some kind of frustrated noise before he said, “I'm not eating shawarma again, Stark.”
Nat only gave a 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Kidnapping
Not Beta Read
Crack Treated Seriously
Canon-Typical Violence
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Sad Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

