Work Text:

All of the advisors were 

very

 uncomfortable, sitting in the room in such close proximity to their king whose delicious scent was wafting over everyone with each move he made. Long black, wavy hair fell to the middle of his back, and his robe opened slightly at the top, baring a good patch of his pale skin. Long, lean legs were on display, crossed, shining due to the hairless state they were kept in, as well as the oil his slaves rubbed all over his body each morning. 
 
Even that alone was enough to typically distract even the most trusted of advisors, the only ones allowed into the private office they were all sitting in. However, their king was also in heat- and it was intense this season. Last season, they thought it had been the worst of it, but this new heat was horrible. Each advisor was either hard as rocks or wetter than flowing rivers. Shifting, Hogun cleared his throat, signaling he wished to speak. It was the end of their nightly meeting, and everyone was dying to either fuck their king or get the hell out- the latter ringing true for most of them.
 
“Your majesty,” Hogun started, and his king looked up at him, wide green eyes framed by tendrils of loose black waves. The advisor swallowed and continued after a moment. “We have selected a new potential breeder. He comes highly recommended by the priests. I think if you just give him a chan-”
 
He was cut off by a graceful, thin hand raised in the air to stop him. 
 
“My dearest advisor, I am quite flattered all of you are so concerned about my... Mmm, bedsport activities, but I do not require a breeder.” Said the king, trying to wave the subject away.
 
“Your majesty- you- we... The kingdom needs an heir.” Hogun said, reminding his beloved king of his duty. A sharp eye leveled and stared him down. “Please... At least consider the specimen we have carefully found.”
 
The other advisors followed suit and groveled with their king, pleading him to at least consider. With a huff, the king finally conceded. 
 
“Fine, if it will please my dear, trusted advisors and my kingdom... I will... Look over this breeder.” It did not go amiss to him that having a breeder would mean his heat would be put to an end and thus give everyone, including himself, some much needed comfort. Besides, perhaps it was time to give the kingdom an heir.
 
The advisors filed out, one by one, thanking their king for his grace and wisdom. 
 
Pretty words.
 
Sitting back in his chair and in privacy, Loki allowed his hand to drift to his cock, just barely kept covered by the belt of his ornate, brocade robe. Letting out a small whine, he began to tug at it, squirming as he slipped a hand to his soaking wet cunt, gasping in pleasure at finally allowing himself to touch it. In the back of his mind, he justified this indulgence with the thought that he must be prepared if he were to accept this breeder. Although Loki doubted it, as he had rejected every breeder presented to him in the past, perhaps this one was special. 
 
Even now, he knew the man was tied up on a bed somewhere in the palace, cock hardened and ready to leak that precious seed into an accepting womb. Loki figured he could make the man wait, as he squirmed, leg draped over the arm of his large chair. Yes, the breeder could wait a few more minutes.
 
---
 
Thor tested the bonds of the ropes tying him to the bed again. They creaked, and he knew that if he really wanted to get out he could probably break the posts. 


But Thor was content to wait. Maybe content wasn't the right word,  because Thor was incredibly hard, and with his hands bound, there was literally no way of relieving it. 

Of course, he shouldn't relieve it until whomever he was being presented for showed up. 


He had been selected from a breeders pool meant for the nobles of the land, but Thor hadn't been told which one, and the blindfold the priests had put on him was never taken off. All he could take in was the softness of the bed and the subtle scent of incense wafting from somewhere. 


He shifted again, drawing his knees up slightly as his cock pulsed again. The ritual drink the head cleric had Thor drink was sweet and floral, and his cock had almost immediately sprung to attention as he was wrapped in red cord. 


The knot at the base of his cock was tight and he wondered where the fuck his noble was when there was a perfectly fuckable breeder waiting on their bed?? 


He was so hard-, and Thor moved again, moaning softly and pressing his hips into the nothingness as if it would help give him some sort of relief. All it did was make him whine with want.
 
Loki paused as he quietly opened the door, making no sound as he heard a soft whine come from the bed. With no noise, he shut the door and walked with light steps, his mouth dropping open slowly as he came upon the breeder waiting for him. Red satin ribbons criss-crossed over rippling muscle, attached at three golden circular centerpoints down the man’s massive body. Where the ribbons
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Breeding
Implied Mpreg
Mating Cycles/In Heat
King Loki
Breeder Thor
Multiple Orgasms
Cunnilingus
Blow Jobs
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Knotting
Light Bondage
A bit of Magic
copious sex
fucked to exhaustion

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

