Chapter 1: Mutation One
    


Notes:
Mild tryphobia warning for picture

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
“Peter would you mind taking the extra set of keys and closing up when they leave? I’ve got to run to the store before it closes.” An older balding man with a slightly pudgy stomach tossed a key chain, which Peter caught with out looking.
“No problem Mr. Spinster.”
“Peter, you can call me John, we’ve been over this.”
“ Right, uh… sorry John.”
The man walked over to whisper, “keep an eye on her by the way”
Peter looked surprised, “the little girl?”
He shook his head, “the mother, I’ve been catching her glaring at my babies.”
Peter suppressed a chuckle, “what ever you say John, now go, I’ve got things taken care of.”Peter listened to the mother and her daughter and noticed the daughter pointing at a beautiful blue fang skeleton. “Look at this one mom! Isn’t she pretty?”
“I just don’t understand your fascination with them Sophie, this store has hamsters and birds too you know, nice pets.”
“You promised mom, all A’s and I get my first tarantula.”
The mother sighed in defeat, “right well lets just take this one I guess”Peter was already heading over to explain that she most certainly wouldn’t want the Bluefang as a first pet when the idiot lady unclasped the lid and stuck her idiot hand in the case to pick the spider up. Peter darted over the counter and was next to the woman in seconds, amusing the little girl and startling the woman.
“Miss I ask that you please put her back, this species doesn’t like being held”
The woman looked angry as she held the little creature, “what is that point of a pet you can’t play with? Surely you’re mistaken.”
“Mom give him the tarantula, she looks angry at you.”
Peter sighed as he looked at the Bluefang getting into a defense position. He quickly scooped the spider from her hands wincing as it bit him instead of the person it was aiming for.
“Mom! You made her bite him!”
The woman scoffed, “it bit him because he took her from me”
The small blue-faced spider looked at him grumpily, if he had to guess he would say she was upset she hadn’t gotten her target.
Peter cleared his voice as he put the Bluefang back, “now then I heard someone was looking for a first pet.”After helping the family choose the much friendlier amazon sapphire pink toe, and teaching the little girl to care for her new friend, he had no doubt the little arachnid would be well cared for. The girl really did have a love for spiders. He was about to close up when he noticed a figure in a gray hoodie peering at the spiders in the far corner of the shop. “Excuse me sir, I’m closing up soon, so if you want to come back tomorrow you can, but it’s passed closing time.” Hoodie man stood up and turned around ducking his head so it was difficult to see his whole face. The bits that did show however were heavily scarred.
“Sorry cutie, just checking out the creepy crawlies, I’ll be out of you hair, don’t you fret.” He strolled out the door in a fashion that made peter temped to check the cages to see if he had snuck a spider out. They had a walk that looked far too jolly for a man of his stature. With an exasperated sigh Peter Parker closes Spinster’s Special Pets exactly 1 hour and 12 minutes after closing time. The walk home was pretty chilly for April, and Peter snuggles deeper into his thick coat before his spidey sense went on full alert. Sprinting into an alleyway Peter regretfully shed his clothes and warm fleece before springing into the sky as Spider-man. A Man was being held at gunpoint in what looked like a drug deal gone wrong.  Cash littered the ground, but the Woman on the other end of the gun paid it no mind. Perched on the side of the building, he heard the woman curse at the man cowering in fear, “I told you Chris, this ain’t gonna cut it anymore; you want the good shit, you pay for it. You know I don’t fuck around, and you dare bring that shitty little knife to what? Try to negotiate? Dumbass.” Just before she fired the gun was yanked from her hand by a line of webbing.
“Two bad guys in one, must be my lucky night.” Spidey laughed before jumping down. The woman threw the first punch, but Spiderman was faster dodging out of the way and webbing her legs together. As she falls his spidey sense alerted him to movement behind him and he shot a web at the target. “Not so fast Mr. Criminal, you’re a bad guy too.” Two struggling bad guy cocoons and one post it note explanation later, He swings back to grab his stuff before swinging to his dingy little apartment.  Peter’s apartment wasn’t much to look at, but it was pretty good space wise for the money. Sure the sink in the kitchen no longer worked so you had to wash dishes in the bathroom, and the whole place was crawling with spiders, but at least they limited the roach population. Peter had actually become rather fond of his 8 legged roommates, they kept insects out and took up very little room. Wasting n
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Fluff
second mutation
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Spider!Peter
Slow Burn
natural webbing
fangs
Peter can talk to spiders

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

