Chapter 1





Chapter Text

“Hey, Steve”.

“Mmh?”

Tony sighed nervously and observed his new husband in silence for a couple of minutes. The blond was lying on his back peacefully, eyes closed and chest moving with steady breaths. His eyelids brushed his cheeks gently, his pink lips showing a tiny smile. A sheet covered his naked body from the waist down, and his legs were tangled with Tony’s. The engineer, as nude as the Captain, was snuggled up by his side, arm lazily drawing circles on Steve’s chest.

“Can I ask you something?”

“Sure, honey, was is it?”

“I just… well, you told me a while ago you didn’t want to settle down. Marry, kids, all that jazz”

“Yeah,” Steve said, confused and opening his eyes “, but that was before we even got together, Tony. We’re married now, as you can see, I’ve changed my mind”

“That was were I was getting to, babe. Seeing we’re happily married now, I thought… well, do you want kids? It’s something I’ve been wondering for a while, now”

“Oh…”

“I mean, I never thought about it too much. Then again, I never thought about getting married either, not until I met you and fell in love with you. And I don’t even know if I could be a good Dad, you know? It’s not like I had a good example and…”

Tony was cut by Steve’s lips in a short and sweet kiss.

“Honey, you’re rambling. Honestly? I haven’t been thinking about that. We just married, I’ve only been thinking about you”

“But… do you want to?”

Steve seemed to think about it, smiling after a few moments.

“I would love to have children with you, Tony. I would love to be with you raising a tiny person, even when I know it has to be hard, especially for us, superheroes. But, of course I’d love to have a kid with you. Do you want them, like… now?”

“It doesn’t have to be now, babe. I just… that question had been stuck on my mind for a while, now, and I wanted to tell you about it”

“Okay. Now… do you want to?”

“It does sound good. I don’t know if I could be a great parent, but having you by my side to help me sounds really good”

“Then now we know kids are a good possibility for us” Steve smiled, kissing Tony’s head. The engineer smiled and nodded, and kissed his husband sweetly on the lips before resting his head on his chest. He closed his eyes and drifted to a peaceful sleep. 
 
Tony’s words had broken a dam. Steve was telling his husband the truth: he had barely thought about kids, before. 

When he was still scrawny and weak he thought he was never going to become a father: he was too weak, too small, too ill. Doctors didn’t even know how long he had, and even when Steve was stubborn as a mule, he did know kids were a big no for him. Then he had become Captain America. It was at that moment he became hopeful about finding someone and settling down. He dreamed of having kids, then, after the War. It was a possibility he dreamed about almost every night, to sleep through nights free of violence and fear. Then he had gone into the water, and that dream had dissolved into it. When he woke up he was sure: he was not going to become someone’s dad, let alone husband.

But then he had met Tony. The engineer had been extravagant, sometimes too cocky, and had some problems with showing emotion. Steve and he had had a rough start, but slowly their relationship had evolved. Steve told him about his dreams changing, Tony said how he never thought about becoming a family man because of his Dad and the life he had been living. 

Then they'd become a couple and before they even knew it they were moving in together, coming out to the world and celebrating anniversaries. Tony had asked Steve to marry him and the blond had yelled ‘yes!’ before he could even process it, both crying of happiness. One year later, they had been happily married for a few months. 

The team had been happy for them. At first, they had asked them to not show too much PDA (Clint was really adamant about it), but they slowly got used to seeing them together holding hands, cuddling, kissing sweetly when they thought no one was watching. 

So, yes, Tony and Steve were the definition of a happy couple, basically. And they were happy together, just the both of them (and their friends, who didn’t get what privacy meant). However, Tony’s question changed something between them. Before, when they saw a baby they didn’t think twice about it. It was cute, yeah, and sometimes parents asked for a picture with their children. They also attended Galas and Events, and Steve had seen so enough mini Captain Americas and Iron Men to last a lifetime. Again, they didn’t think too much of it.

Now? Each time Steve saw a baby he got dumbstruck, like something inside him was begging him to pick it up and talk in that stupid, stupid voice. Tony would’ve laughed, but he was acting just like Steve. 

Clint actually was the first to pick it up, when the husbands had cooed about a baby they saw in the news wearing an Avengers t-shirt.

“Oh God” he had groaned “, you want to have kids this soon? ‘
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Superfamily (Marvel)
Superfamily
Superhusbands (Marvel)
Superhusbands
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Steve Rogers
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
also steve's
Precious Peter Parker
Other Additional Tags to Be Added

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

