Work Text:
Bucky, when he was Bucky again, when he stopped denying his face and started remembering Steve’s, habitually took his hat off every time he entered a building. It gave Steve a swollen feeling in his chest to see, but he still owed it to Bucky to let him know how it was these days.“You don’t have to take your hat off indoors anymore,” he told him. They were in a bakery so Bucky could eat his weight in cannoli, which had apparently always been a dream of his. “What, like dames?” he said, and when some women skewered him with scowls from down the counter he made faces back at them.Steve shrugged. “I guess,” he said. “No one seems to mind nowadays. I don’t really know when it happened or why. It wasn’t covered in my ‘Welcome to the 21st Century’ packet.”“Oh.” “A lot of stuff wasn’t.”“Just as well I didn’t get one, then.” Bucky tucked some errant locks of hair behind his ears before setting his hat carefully back onto his head. He stared at Steve. Steve stared back. And then, just as carefully, Bucky took his hat back off.

—
The first time Steve took Bucky into a grocery store, Bucky had a panic attack. Steve got him out of there and sat him on a curb outside, where he laid his hand between Bucky’s shoulder blades and rubbed firm circles into his back as he gasped for breath, head hung between his knees.“It’s all right,” Steve was saying, and other nonsense. “We’re all right.”“I don’t know why I’m like this,” Bucky said, panting harder than he ever had when he was running through HYDRA bases with 60 pounds of gear on his back. He made a fist of his flesh-and-blood hand and thumped the concrete until his knuckles split. Steve used his free hand to circle Bucky’s wrist and hold him still. He could feel the racing of Bucky’s heart through the thin skin there.“It was overwhelming,” he said. “That much food, and that many people, and all those fluorescent lights. It takes a while to get used to.”Bucky cursed under his breath and sagged into Steve’s side. “Tell me something good,” he said, and if his tone was on just the wrong side of pleading, Steve wasn’t about to mention it.“Um.” Steve racked his brain until he hit on something guaranteed to make Bucky laugh. “So, ‘boner’ means something different than it used to.”“Oh, yeah?” Bucky said through gritted teeth. He was shaking, but his breath had slowed down a little. “And what’s that?”Steve debated the merits of making him guess, but he decided against it.“I told you about the Battle of New York, right? Well, afterward, I was at a bit of a loose end and Howard’s kid invited me to come stay at his place for a while. My own floor and everything — things just seem so big now, like everyone needs all this space. But I’d get, I don’t know, low, being alone with so much room and no one to talk to. So I took to hanging my hat on the common floors, where I might find Dr. Banner or Agent Barton. The kitchen had this machine for coffee, or, um, espresso, which is very different from coffee, and somewhere 3000 miles away Stark knows I just called his espresso machine a coffee machine and he’s gonna come blast me with a laser.” Steve could feel the way Bucky laughed, low and silent, against him. He lengthened the strokes of his hand down Bucky’s back. “Anyway, so there was this espresso machine, and turns out I can get a little kick out of a triple one of those, and it only lasts a few minutes, but that’s something, right? So I really like this machine. But one day, I don’t know, I messed it up. It starts spitting out burnt sludge and it makes this giant mess. I felt bad about it, obviously, so I had to track Stark down in his workshop and he lets me in and he looks at me like why are you here, Captain Rogers, except he would never call me that because he’s always got a clever nickname up his sleeve. Anyway, I decide to face it head-on and I gear myself up and I say, ‘Tony, I’m afraid I made a big boner.’ And he — oh, man, Buck, he just looks at me all big eyed like he can’t believe his ears or his luck, and he starts shouting for his ceiling computer, asking if it got that recorded because he wants to decorate his bedroom with it, and of course I have no idea what’s going on and I sort of just… say it again. And at this point, Stark falls out of his chair and is literally rolling around on the floor, laughing until he can’t breathe. I didn’t know that could happen to a grown man.”“But what’s it mean now?” Bucky said. “I don’t get it.” “It means…” Steve coughed delicately. “It’s slang for ‘erection.’ Particularly juvenile slang, too.” A muffled choking made Steve lean down, concerned, but just as his heart seized up he realized Bucky was laughing almost as hard as Stark had been that day.“Oh God, Steve,” he gasped. “You announced your hard on to a Stark.”“Yeah, yeah, yuk it up.”“Steve.” Now Bucky gripped him by the arm and squeezed just shy of too tight. He lifted his head enough to pin Steve with bright eyes, limned with moisture.“Yeah, Buck?”“You gotta get me that r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff
Handwaving
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

