Chapter 1: How They Met
    


Summary:

Basically a mess of when Peter and Natasha met for the first time up to the point of when training starts. Sort of a filler/ beginning to push some info out so it leaves my head. Movies will be butchered and moved timewise haha, Iron Man 3 didnt happen but some stuff from the film would be in, if ya blink forever.
Hope you enjoy the first few chapters!



Notes:
Lines from Spider-Man: homecoming movie lines will be used. I do not own anything Marvel related or its characters mentioned in this story. I know it may seemed rushed but I wanted to get things out of the way.All mistakes are mine.Don't like, Don't read.But I really hope you like it.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
At the beginning she thought it was motherly love for the boy, but as he grew so had her affection for him. It grew and grew until it became something more.
It scared her.
The first time she officially met him, he was just seven years old. Seven years old and even then he knew what she was before anyone else had a clue. When she met him, she was undercover as his father’s new personal assistant, Natalie Rushman. It was mainly to protect Stark from himself and assess for what Fury wanted him for, the Avengers initiative. When she was taken on and dismissed by Stark her first day, Pepper introduced her to Peter. Tony’s biological son she heard about, Pepper raised him as her own and even the boy called her mama. In that small voice with that specific word something pricked at Natasha’s heart.  He was hidden behind Pepper’s legs, so shy and so unsure. When he was ushered to be in front of her, his big doe-like eyes widened as far as they could go. She gave him a small smile, regardless of her cold demeanor, there was always a tiny spot she held for children. Her mind went briefly to the Red Room, luckily Pepper spoke before her mind could be locked behind the door.
“Peter, sweetheart, introduce yourself to Ms. Rushman.”
The shyness the boy had was quickly replaced with wonder. He stood tall, well as tall a child could and proceeded to introduce himself.
“Pretty Stark, I-I mean Peter Pretty!” At this point Pepper was nearly to burst with laughter, Peter was turning an amazing shade of red, and Natasha was very much amused. With a huff of frustration Peter balled his little fists and said,
“Peter Stark! I am Peter Stark.” Pepper gave a small snort of laughter and Peter, with another huff and face a newly discovered shade of red, stomped out of the room.
“Well, at least we know he thinks you’re pretty.”
From there it seems, she would occasionally check up on the boy as part of her job. Fury was not focused on the boy, just on the self-destructive path his father was going down on. She didn’t mind looking after the boy while his father was going to be slapped in the face with a major wake up call. After the amusing introduction Peter gave her, with a red face every time, he would always say hello and ask how her day was. She would respond in kind with simple short answers so she would leave and get ready to resume her mission. On a particular day in the afternoon, she got a glimpse at how little Peter Stark could be a little devious demon. Like his father he had genius prodigy written all over him and he showed it with his years advance academics. That and the fact that robotics, Engineering, and Physics were his current favorite subjects. Natasha also learned he was very calculative and quick to respond when needed to. However on this particular day she learned that Peter Stark was someone she had to keep her eye on. She was making her way to Tony’s lab to pick up said demon to take him to his mother. They were going to get a bite to eat. When she entered she found father and son hunched over blueprints and a small ten-inch metal skeleton. Tony looked up and nudged his son to put everything away, the little boy started stuffing the paperwork and metalwork in his Iron Man backpack. When he was ready to go his father scooped him up in a tight hug and kissed his forehead.
“Love you Pipsqueak.  Behave for mom.”
“Right back atcha Dad. Behave for mom and I Love you too.”
Tony huffed out a laugh and set Peter on the floor. Peter turned to Natasha and a slight blush met his cheeks.
“Hello Ms. Rushman.” He said as they walked out the lab and to the elevator. She smiled at him and proceeded to press the lobby button. As they descended down the mansion Peter decided it was too quiet for his liking.
“Hey Ms. Rushman?”
She looked down and the little boy and lifted an eyebrow, “Yes Peter?”
“Did you know that the female Black Widow spider is the most poisonous spider in North America?”
Natasha tensed, then relaxed in a fraction of a second, but it was probably just Peter saying this random fact that he saw online or something. He is seven years old, he doesn’t know anything about her or who she is working for. Nothing on her or SHIELD should be anywhere. It would
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

freeform: 
Consensual Underage Sex
Underage Sex
Underage - Freeform
read the damn tags
Protective Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is Not A Robot
Precious Peter Parker
Peter is a Little Shit
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Being Tony
Underage Kissing
Protective Peter Parker
Genius father and son
Peter is a SHIELD trainee
Tony Stark knows of spider man
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Spider Babies
Secret Relationship
Natasha is Peters mentor
Avenger Babes
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Peter Parker Loves Natasha
Spider Mating
wink wink
Don't Like Don't Read
Drama & Romance
Action & Romance
Angst and Romance
Forbidden Love
sorta - Freeform
Tags Are Hard
Love Confessions
True Love
Idiots in Love
slightly off-character Peter Parker
Pete takes no ones crap

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Natasha Romanov
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added

