Work Text:


Standing outside in his skivvies, Tony felt a hell of a lot more exposed than he had ten minutes ago inside Molecule Man's lair. “Uh, so...” Tony rubbed the back of his head as he smiled awkwardly at Steve. “Now you know.”Luckily, Steve was beaming big at Tony. “Now I know.”But Tony still had to check: “You're not mad?”“Mad?” Steve frowned, then stepped closer. “Why would I be mad?”Tony huffed and rolled his eyes. “Well, not to give you any ideas, but to list a few off the top of my head: I lied to you about my secret identity, I go out and get myself in danger every day and you didn't know it, I lied about...” Tony glanced around at Tigra and the other Avengers eyeing them curiously from a short distance away. Out of respect for Steve's sense of propriety, Tony stepped closer to him and lowered his voice. “I lied about my injury, when we were in bed. I told you-”“-that it was an injury from Afghanistan. Now that I know the whole truth, I'm guessing that's not a lie,” Steve pointed out.Tony ruffled his hair up in exasperation. “Well, I mean. Yeah. I guess. But I didn't tell you about how I became Iron Man...”“Tony, Tony. It's okay. Really. I'm not mad.” Steve smiled at Tony.Tony frowned at Steve. “You're not mad, are you? Why aren't you mad?”Steve shrugged. “Probably because two of my best guys just became one, even better, guy. I've always been close with Iron Man—with you, in the suit—and, well, you know how I feel about you as Mr. Stark...” Steve flushed and grinned, almost looking pleased with himself. “And now I've got you both! As one guy. And that's just. Well. I think it's swell.”Then Steve... shifted. And Tony... well, Tony thought he was getting to know Steve's tells pretty well by now. Tony's eyes narrowed. The flush on Steve's cheeks wasn't from exertion fighting Molecule Man, or even embarrassment over mentioning their relationship in public.Tony glanced down between them. His eyes shot back up to Steve's who was pointedly looking away. Steve coughed slightly.“Looks like that's not the only thing that's 'swell' right now. Swell-ing, at least,” Tony pointed out.“Tony,” Steve grumbled.“Steve,” Tony growled back.Roughly Steve grabbed hold of Tony's arm and walked him a dozen more steps away from their fellow Avengers, who were still waiting for their ride. Tony grinned and let himself be manhandled. It was never a hardship to let Steve toss him around, after all.“Could you keep the lewd language to a minimum in the field?” Steve asked him, once they were far enough away from the group.Tony grinned. “I just realized this is the best thing ever: you knowing my secret identity. Now I can tease you over the comms, cuddle against you in the heat of battle...”“You will do no such thing, mister.” Steve actually wagged a finger at him. Tony grinned.Then he stepped closer, into Steve's personal space. Steve stiffened up but didn't push him away as Tony snuck one arm around his waist and another over his shoulder. “You like it,” Tony purred. The cloth he had covering his shame wasn't enough to keep him from feeling Steve against him. And Steve's tights definitely weren't enough to hide what was happening inside them.“You really like it,” Tony observed, shimmying against Steve.“Not here,” Steve grumbled, nudging Tony away at last. But Tony noted that Steve didn't nudge him very far.Before Tony could make another lewd come-on, a car drove up the road, coming to a stop just in front of them. Out stepped Happy with a smile and a wave. “Hey, boss. Guess the jig is up?”“Guessed right,” Tony replied with a nod. He turned to Tigra and the Silver Surfer. “You guys good on your ride?”Tigra hopped up onto the Surfer's surf board, nodding happily. “All good!” she chirped.“And you've got Molecule Man, Thor?”Thor saluted Tony with his hammer to his forehead. He shook Molecule Man lightly in his left hand. “Aye, friend Tony. This rapscallion will be locked away ere long.”Tony shrugged. “Right. Sure. Awesome. You take care of that, me and Cap are just gonna...” Tony hooked a thumb over his shoulder at the car.Thor grinned. “Indeed. It looks as though the good Captain is already quite eager for the ride ahead of you.”Glancing back over his shoulder, Tony saw that Steve was halfway into the car, one foot through the door, hand on the frame. He startled, caught out in his eagerness. He looked like a deer in the headlights, big blue eyes flickering back and forth between Tony and Thor like he couldn't decide which one he should be more embarrassed towards. Finally he settled for looking at Tony and smiling sheepishly. “Uh... Ready to go?”Tony bit back a bark of laughter. Better not to rib Steve too much about his enthusiasm—especially considering that Tony was about to benefit from said enthusiasm. Tony flicked a jaunty salute back at Thor, then darted into the car after Steve. He found himself dragged down onto the back seat before he had a chance to close the door. Happy ended up doing him the service while Tony 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Anal Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn
Secret Identity
Identity Porn
Dirty Talk
Swearing
Anal Fingering
Fingerfucking
Condoms
Pillow Talk
Avengers Vol. 1 (1963)
Doggy Style
Established Relationship
Nicknames
Bottom Tony
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

