Work Text:
Steve has a thing, see. Bucky says Steve is a wuss who can’t bear to see his friends sad. Steve calls it having a heart. Either way, Steve’s feelings get him on various international news sources holding Bucky’s hand, and he’s pretty sure there’s someone living at the North Pole who doesn’t get the pictures within five minutes of it happening.“Well, darn,” Steve says, because he’s Captain fucking America, and national heroes don’t swear.“Fuck,” Bucky says, because he’s the Winter Soldier, and soulless assassins kind of do. It’s not an easy recovery. There are days when Bucky still wakes up drenched in cold sweat, and Steve will talk him down from a nightmare. He’s never thought of himself the type to excel at anything involving interpersonal relations, but it’s Bucky Barnes, and he’s always been the exception to the rule.There are days when Steve will roll over in bed and collide with the metal arm. He’ll think, this isn’t the way our story was supposed to go, but then he’ll take all of Bucky in. His slack face, the way his mouth parts in his sleep. His lips are entering the realm of perpetually chapped these days, and Steve can’t help but lean down and kiss them. Bucky will blink himself awake, and Steve will think, yes it is. This is exactly the way it’s supposed to be.Then, of course, there’s the issue with the bed itself. Or, specifically, how they share it.“You’re screwing a deadly Russian assassin?” Sam had asked when he found out. Some part of Steve had frozen then. It’s Sam, goddammit, and Sam’s been the closest thing Steve had to a best friend all those months he spent tracking Bucky down, but a part of him will always be stuck in the 40’s. He’ll always remember the illicitness and wrongness of it all, knowing that what he felt for Bucky needed to be crushed before it became a problem.Steve made a noncommittal noise in his throat, but Sam had only clapped him on the back. “I hope they taught you safe sex way back then, man.”Now, seated in his leaving room, surrounded by his closest friends and comrades, Steve almost wishes he’d kept their situation discreet. Not that it would have made much of a difference, he’s suddenly reminded, as he watches Stark pry his—boyfriend, lover, buttsex buddy?—with question after question. Superheroes have a tendency to stick their noses where they don’t belong.“’Captain America and the Winter Soldier, Living in Sin’,” Natasha reads from her laptop. She scrolls through three news feeds at once, her eyes skimming fast. “’Who Tops?’ You know, buddy, I’ve been trying to find out longer than you, and they still don’t tell me anything. Oh, this one’s nice. Calls you the new face of the LGBT movement.”“The teenage fangirls like it, at least,” Barton tells him. “I think. Hard to tell what they’re saying.”“Your PR team is having a fit,” Natasha adds. “You’re supposed to stay wholesome for the public eye.”“I have a PR team?”Natasha places her laptop in Steve’s lap. “You’re Captain American, deal with it.”It only takes one tentative scroll down the page before Steve decides that he doesn’t want to see any more. All these conjectures, these opinions, they have nothing to do with his and Bucky’s relationship. His stomach roils.From across the room, Bucky lets out an excited, “No way, you can’t actually do that with my arm.”Steve sighs. Now he has to deal with Bucky and Stark conspiring together too.Bucky treats them to the nice lube. After everything they’ve been through, they deserve the best sex the 21st century can offer them.  At least that’s how Bucky justifies it when Steve winces at the price. And wince he does. Bucky’s gotten remarkably good at imitating him. He’ll clasp his hands tight, pull what he deems his best puppy dog Steve face, and whine, “What about the starving kids in Africa? What about the poor children who go home hungry every night? Do you ever think about them?”Firstly, Steve doesn’t talk like that. And secondly, that face isn’t so much a puppy dog face as a “please come over here and screw me silly” face. It’s times like these when Steve thinks God put Bucky on this Earth just to test Steve’s self-control.Steve swears good lube and flavored condoms are Bucky’s favorite 21st-cenury technologies.(He usually stops wincing as soon as Bucky actually starts using the goddamn lube, but that’s a story for another day.)Steve has two lube-coated fingers in his own ass and is about to add another when it suddenly occurs to him. “What if they can tell we’re…you know.”Bucky takes his hand from Steve’s cock and gives him a deadly glare. “You’re not serious.”“They have technology.”“We’re in bed. There are windows. And blinds!”Steve can’t stop thinking about it, still. He’s never been too public with his affection—hell, he rarely even shows it in private. Eventually, Bucky just sighs and tells him to roll over and put on some clothes. If they’re not fucking tonight, Bucky has chick flicks he needs to watch. Just to keep up with that twenty-first century pop cul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Established Relationship
Fluff
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
no real spoilers though
Implied Sexual Content
like slightly higher than T but not quite M at all
Dorks in Love
Homophobia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

