Work Text:

“Look, kid,” Tony says, bracing his hands on the edge of the work bench and watching Peter for any sign of movement. “Look. I don’t wanna stop you from making friends, right? But I really, really do not want you to make friends with him.”

Peter sighs, unfurling his fingers from their fists and pulling his backpack around so he can unzip it. “I get that, Mr Stark, I do. But I just.. Doesn’t he deserve a second chance?”

Tony scoffs. “Real funny, bud. Listen, I’m not going to stop you. But I will say I told you so if shit hits the fan.”

“Shit isn’t going to hit the fan,” Peter mumbles, and at Tony’s disbelieving glare, says, “Really! It won’t. Besides, I can look after myself.”

“I know you can,” Tony says, spinning on the heel of his foot and plucking a screwdriver from the black hole of mismatched tools and the occasional sock under one of his desks. “That’s what scares me.”

Peter glances up from pulling his chem homework out of his backpack to watch Tony stalk over to the most recent arrow prototype for Clint. “If it makes you feel better, I won’t interact with him out of the tower.”

“Not much, kid, but thanks for the effort,” Tony says, and thats kind of the end of that. 
 
 
Bruce warns him about it next. Peter loves Bruce, he really does. Bruce is warm, and soft, and surprisingly cuddly. 

“Peter, I’m just saying, Loki is dangerous,” Bruce says. “I would recommend staying as far away from him as possible.”

“So everyone says,” Peter mutters, feeling grumbly and tired and fed up. He has a cold (New York weather in February is the pits), and there’s a large bruise going slowly purple on his left cheek that aches every time he moves any muscle in his face. Tony also banned him from lab work til the broken fingers healed up (which, admittedly, wouldn’t take long with his powers, but still. The whole grounding scene kind of stung). 

“We only say it because we care,” Bruce says, patiently. “We don’t want to see you get hurt.”

“I can look after myself,” Peter grinds out, and then he grabs the straps of his backpack in his broken hand (which- ouch) and stomps over to the door of Bruce’s lab. He stubs his toe on something or other that Bruce has out, which doesn’t make him feel better. 

Maybe it’s an overreaction, but he had Tony warning him yesterday and Bruce warning him today and he can’t wait to see who’s next. 
 
 
Clint is next. 

“Hey, there, Spider and the Fly,” Clint says, vaulting over the back of the couch to land next to Peter. He jostles the essay Peter’s writing out (handwritten, because apparently the English teachers hate him) and makes the ink pen (a frighteningly expensive one from Tony’s pen pot) skid across the page and make a long, black smudge. “Shit. Sorry, man,” Clint says, staring at it. 

“It’s fine,” Peter says, slowly capping the pen and moving his essay onto the coffee table. “What’s up?”

“Banner and Stark said you want to go making buddy-buddy with the resident evil magician,” Clint says bluntly. 

Well, at least he doesn’t beat around the bush. 

Peter shrugs. “I guess.”

“Don’t.”

“Why not?” Peter asks. 

“Because I don’t wanna see you get hurt. He’s a master manipulator, arachnikid, and I don’t want you to get hurt like I did.”

“I can look after myself,” Peter says, but it might as well go unheard. 

“I don’t want him to turn on you. You’re too young, kiddie, and if he gets in your head, he’ll fuck you up. And that’ll fuck Stark up, and then Steve will get all fucked too. And that’s no good for team moral, hey?” Clint continues. “So just leave Loki alone, and let us deal with him.”

“Right,” Peter says, reaching over to fold the inky pages up and shove them in his folder. Then he stands up, squeezes the ink pen in his fist till it bursts and glares at Clint. “Good talk.” 

Then he turns and stalks directly into the open elevator, demanding JARVIS to take it down. 

As far as dramatic exits go, that wasn’t so bad. 
 
 
Steve is really hard to say no to. He’s also really hard to disappoint. 

Peter does both. 

“Peter,” Steve says, pulling out the bar stool at the breakfast bar in Tony’s kitchen. Peter’s sitting on the actual bar. “Son. We need to talk.”

“Not your son,” Peter mutters, tapping out a reply to MJ, 

Gotta go. He is beauty, he is grace, wants to chat. 


MJ replies, 

LOL. I’ll make preparations for the funeral.


Peter isn’t actually sure on how to feel about Steve. He seems alright, but he’s also a soldier. The type of person who made hard decisions in the field, and then brought those decisions home with him. 

“Right, well,” Steve sounds flustered now. “We need to talk about Loki.”

“What about him?” Peter asks, pretending to be engaged. He’s not. Unless Steve says something he hasn’t heard for the past three days, he really doesn’t see the point in listening. 

“He’s.. dangerous. And unstable. And I’ve heard you want to talk to him, and I want to advise you against it,” Steve says. “Really, advise you against it. None of us want you to. Loki i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

freeform: 
loki and peter friendship
Fluff
Protective Avengers
Protective Tony Stark
the avengers love peter
so much
overprotective Avengers
no one likes loki
apart from peter
no thor because i dont know how to write him
sorry - Freeform

fandom: 
Loki & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Peter Parker
Natasha Romanov & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker

