Work Text:
peter stopped in front of tony stark's office, a big smile on his face. as usual, he was on time, mr stark's favorite coffee in hand and everything he had asked for yesterday could be found in the bag on his back. he was still as excited as he was the first day at his job as an intern for stark industries. peter doesn't really think he would stop getting excited, because it was all of his childish dreams coming true, and he would be forever grateful for that. he knocked on the door, twice, and entered the room with a stupid goofy smile.“hello mr stark ! how was your evening yesterday ?”“oh hi kid. always on time i see.”“and i've got your favorite coffee !”tony smiled a little at that.“thank you kid.” peter smiled, still, unmoving and tony looked at him expectantly.“well ?”“well what mr stark ?”“can i have my coffee please ?”“OH OH MY GOD, sorry mr stark !” peter squealed and tony winced a bit at that. “here you go !”tony took the cup of coffee, instantly bringing it to his lips before turning back to his papers, thinking that peter would take his leave. which, obviously didn't happen, because he was talking about peter parker, here.“oh and before i forget, mr stark ! here's what you asked me to do yesterday ! i finished it !”at that, tony looks at him, shocked. “you… you already finished ?”“yes of course.” that stupid goofy and adorable smile was back. “but… it was supposed to take over a week to complete it ?” added stark, suddenly unsure.peter looked sheepish.“oh ? sorry mr stark ! didn't realise that ! i can take it back if you would like-”“no no, it's alright peter. i'm just greatly surprised. you're doing a good job kid.”peter’s eyes lit up, and his smile got so much brighter that tony had trouble looking at him without feeling a pang in his chest, from how sweet he was.“thank you mr stark ! do you need me to do something else ?”“um, nothing for the moment but you can stay here until we need you.”“sure ! good bye mr stark !”finally, peter left, closing the door softly behind him.not even a second after, someone fell to his side with a loud noise, and tony jumped on his seat.it was clint. “holy shit !” clint yelled.“what the fuck !” yelled tony back, clutching his chest with his hand. “what were you doing up there ? wait no don't answer that I don't wanna hear-”“i wanted to see peter, and then i fell,” explained clint normally as if it was obvious.“and you couldn't do that like a normal human.”clint shrugged, still laying on the floor.“didn't really think about that.”it wasn't even 8am and tony was already done with today.the day was spent fairly quickly, tony realised as he stepped inside the common living room where all of the avengers were watching a movie. as soon as he stepped inside, he was attacked by everyone asking about peter, what did he do today, did he make something very cute.“jesus guys, why don't you just go talk to him ? it's not like he won't answer or anything, he's really sweet. it could save you a lot of bother, especially for me.”“we didn't think about that,” they answered. “sure you didn't, it must be hard for all of your brains combined to come up with something as simple as that.”tony doesn't hear the outraged yells they throw at him as he goes to his workshop.tony could very well introduce the avengers to peter, but he didn't really want to. he kinda wanted to keep peter all for himself. he reminds him of the son he never had and never will.few weeks after, though, the avengers finally end up meeting peter conventionally because spying from afar is NOT a proper meeting and everyone is happy. especially clint who had been trying to kidnap the kid in the vents, which resulted in a fight. days after days, peter is no longer only tony stark’s intern, but also the avengers’ friend.they were all watching a movie (for children as innocent ears were with them), when peter slept for the first time around them.he fell asleep on tony's shoulder and never has tony felt this scared and this blessed his whole fucking life.when the incessant blabbering of peter ceased, the rest of the team turned their head to where peter was sitting, only to be met with the sight of peter looking like an angel, drooling over tony’s shirt, his face looking much more young than when he's awake and they can't keep their eyes away. peter was adorable, and his face looked so soft, and everything about him screamed pure and soon the captivating movie was long forgotten.indubitably, they were all jealous, if the smug look on tony's face was anything to go by.they all wanted to get peter to sleep on them too.but they stood no chance when tony was with them, as peter always felt compelled to him, like a baby that goes over her mother. it was adorable yes, but everyone else also wanted this. they don't even know why, they just do. the second person peter sleeps on next, is loki out of all the people that he could have chosen. it was loki fucking odison and no one has ever seen thor look this mad against his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Cute Peter Parker
Sleepy Cuddles
Fluff
Fluff without Plot
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony’s son
Sleepy Peter Parker
Peter Parker is Worthy
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
SO MUCH FLUFF
Cute
Loki loves Peter
Loki is nice
Peter and Clint and Loki pulls pranks and gossip together in the vents
Clint kidnaps Peter in the vents

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Loki & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Wade Wilson
Peter Parker & Thor
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Clint Barton & Peter Parker

