Chapter 1: Tony and Pepper
    




Chapter Text
The sound of the car door slamming was shocking, even with the usual amount of noise on a New York street. Both riders appeared calmer than the forceful closure indicated. The silence inside the car was broken with "You were magnificent in there, you know," Tony's admiration was plain in his voice, "but what has that door done to you?"	"It was there when I needed to let off a little steam. Walking out like that was very satisfying, but now what?", Pepper's voice was tight.	"We both knew this confrontation was coming. They ignored every warning we gave them, and I'm including Accounting and Legal trying, too." Tony was resigned. "So we implement the back up plans, of course. J, get on that, and let Matt and Charles know."	"At once, Sir. Shall I also notify the relevant SI departments?"	"Sure, and why don't you keep the video of the reactions for us to watch later." Tony grinned as he visualized the heads of both Accounting and Legal as they heard the news."	"Have the Avengers ever realized you came back, JARVIS?" Pepper asked. "And how long are we going to give them to get alternate funding, if they even can?"	Tony smirked as he cut around a cab, ignoring the blowing horn. "They didn't care when I thought I lost JARVIS, so I didn't care to tell them he cloned himself for safety's sake before taking on ULTRON." The obvious anger in his voice was controlled with the next statement. "The Compound can keep going for a couple of weeks before next month's bills are due. Using their own money, they might be able to pay those bills, maybe another month's worth, but they probably won't even try. They definitely won't be able to go on any missions."	Pepper was thoughtful, "I wonder if they will go public, asking for money?"	"It could go either way, they could try to make me out to be the big, bad billionaire who's trying to control The Avengers, but with the airtight contracts and the way I set up that account, they won't get far. They could try to say they used it up on Avengers' business, but Maximoff put paid to that tack." Pepper's giggles stopped Tony and he said "What!?"	"Did you mean that pun?" still giggling.	"Oh, of course not, I'm trying to be serious here. Anyway, I'm not sure if they would want everyone to know how stupid and selfish they are and at least Wilson or Romanov should realize what the back lash would be like. The publicity when I stepped down and Rogers was all 'We'll be there when anyone needs us' is going to bite them in their well toned butts now. Joe and Jill Public were OK with me setting up a huge bank account for The Avengers to keep being a protective force, especially when I retired from the team, but one of them using it to buy expensive clothes to wear once and throw away will have everyone living on any kind of budget getting their pitchforks out. Not to mention, most of them NOT being available when those terrorists were threatening the electrical grid was very obvious and has already given them negative publicity. Them asking for more money now is not going to go over well. The maintenance and engineering crews will probably chime in with how they haven't been acting like responsible adults." Tony couldn't help but smile at that. "Hey, do you want lunch?"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Steve or Team!Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Crossover

fandom: 
None
