Work Text:
A problem with spontaneous makeouts in the streets of Astoria is that pretty much any Avengers battle ends up in front of at least 37 cameras. This has already been a problem, the 3 previous instances in which Barnes had assisted with various bad guys, prompting Pepper's PR team to practically turn themselves inside out, saying absolutely nothing.But headlines like "CAPTAIN AMERICA GAY EXPOSE" and "THAT'S NOT AVENGING, CAP" are pretty discouraging, and the pictures are impossible to deny. In several, Barnes has his legs wrapped around Steve's waist. In one, there's visible tongue.It becomes this whole thing. Assholes on a couple of news shows make commentary about Steve's moral fiber that make him so mad that it takes the combined forces of Pepper and Hill to talk Steve out of walking to the production office and busting some heads open.Barnes maybe could've helped, but he doesn't exactly disapprove of the head-knocking plan.Barnes doesn't sweat that stuff. The PR people will figure something out, hopefully that doesn't require him to make any kind of speech. Assholes are always gonna be assholes, until the end of the damn world. And some of the stuff on the internet's actually pretty nice. He gets a lot of compliments on his hair.However.A text from Lidia reading 'how could you' - that's upsetting.Scary, even."But what does it mean.""I don't know, Buck," Steve says, frowning at the screen.It wouldn't be so bad, except that Lidia won't answer any follow-up texts.Identified: bone-rattling fear."This doesn't make any sense," Steve says several hours later, frowning for the thirty-second time at their respective blank text screens.Dinner's a fitful affair, the way they both keep looking at their phones. Esther doesn't text, and Ollie is stubborn on the entire subject of cell phones.What is going on.Barnes's tactical ability flees along with his spoken language. That the Olds might disapprove of him is a thought too terrible to hold in his head. They are necessary. But Steve is also necessary.He does not wish to choose between them.Steve puts an arm around Barnes's shoulders and pulls him close."This has got to be some kind of crossed wire, Buck. It doesn't make any sense otherwise."Barnes identifies the desire to believe this statement. Steve squeezes his shoulders again."Dammit," he says after a minute, then thumbs on his phone and dials Esther.It rings twice, then Barnes hears Esther pick up."Me and Bucky are coming over tomorrow," he says.BUCKY AND IConfirm."Wonderful idea, dearest," Esther says. "See you at noon for lunch."Steve laughs once when he sets down the phone."I think we're being managed, Buck."Maybe.Barnes is unable to sleep more than a couple of fitful hours. This provides an opportunity to prepare peace offerings: biscuits, strawberry scones, and chocolate-dipped macaroons.Rogers eyes the assembled ribbon-tied boxes wryly but does not object to being made to carry one.It just.Maybe if he had inadvertently crushed a small animal, the Olds' response would be understandable. Shitty behavior: deserving of censure.But this thing with Steve. It is objectively a positive development.CONFIRMThey should be happy.Barnes identifies: disappointment.He doesn't like it."Keep poking that bottom lip out, a bird's gonna come around and land on it," Steve says."We're in a car, asshole."That's about the saddest excuse for distraction Barnes has ever experienced. Step up your game, Rogers. Esther greets them at the door with her usual calm smile and cheek kisses, which should be a comfort but instead creates an additional level of confusion. Lidia stands by the sofa, looking thunderous, while Ollie sits, his arms around a brown book.Thirty-seven seconds of silence accrue before Steve straightens, shifts the box to his right arm, and grasps Barnes's hand.Thank the motherland. It's good to have something to hang onto."Look," he says. "I don't know what the problem is here, but Bucky and I are not gonna apologize for how we feel."The responses do not clarify anything. Esther frowns, Lidia looks surprised, and Ollie hugs the book tighter."Apologize?" Esther says. "I made you a cake."What."You – what?" Steve says. "But we thought. Lidia?"Lidia puts her hand over her mouth."Lidia," Esther says, her voice so sharp that it might've been honed by Barnes himself, "what have you done?"Lidia pulls her phone from her pocket."Oh," she says. "The battery's dead."Steve looks at him, then looks back at Lidia."So you're not mad that we're together?""I'm mad that I had to find out about it on the news!" she says.For fuck's sake."Lidia," Steve says. "Bucky's been freaking out so bad he couldn't talk."Lidia winces."Now see, this is why I keep telling you to charge that thing," Esther says.Lidia comes over and takes Barnes's left hand in hers. He can identify regret in her dark eyes."I'm sorry, Jimmy. It never occurred to me that you would think I'm anything but thrilled for you."She looks at Steve, then back at him, and sets
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Brief schmoop
unadulterated fluff
May contain traces of cat hair

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

