Chapter 1: First Meeting
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Go out Bruce, they said. It will be fun, they said. Nothing bad’s gonna happen, they said.Well, they got one thing right. Because this? This isn’t bad, this is a disaster.Why? Well for starters, Bruce is running, which itself is an awful thing because Bruce isn’t much of the running type (He prefers sciencing, thank you very much.) But that’s not even the worst part, because not only is he forced to run, he is also being chased, and not in the fun ‘playing tag’ sense of the word either, but in the ‘we’re-a-group-of-villains with-questionable-senses-of-fashion-and-we-wanna-kill-you’ sort of way.If this was a movie, now would be the time when the frame froze and the famous ‘Yep, that’s me, you’re probably wondering how I got into this mess’ line came up. Unfortunately, this isn’t a movie, which means that Bruce doesn’t have the fortune of time freezing while he does a flashback and has to in fact do it all while running for dear life.‘Yep, that’s me,’ Bruce thinks bitterly while he passes one of the security cameras on the street, glaring hard and hoping the avengers are watching this right now so they can feel the sheer loathing in his gaze. Very unlikely, but pretending makes him feel better. ‘Let me tell you how I got into this freaking mess.’
“Come on Bruce,” Tony says as he pushes the unwilling scientist toward the elevator, the doors already opening to let him in, “You can’t just lock yourself in your lab all the time! Go out and have some fun, feed the ducks or something, use your hours of freedom to escape this terrible ‘organic-food’ zone and buy some greasy snacks.” He leans down, whispering in his ear, “And then try to sneak some in for me without Cap noticing as well, would you? He keeps confiscating my junk food. Says I have to eat healthy,” He mutters, making an over-exaggerated disgusted face, “But he won’t think to search you. So just go to a supermarket or something and get me some snacks, Okay?” 

“But Tony…” Bruce tries to protest, “What if…”

“Nothing’s gonna happen,” Tony says impatiently, rushing him forward, “you’re just going to supermarket and back, what are the chances of someone attacking you?” 
Well, judging by the group of villain currently chasing Bruce, he’d say the chances are rather high.“Oh my god,” he moans as he runs for- well, not his life, but the life of those around him. The men following him have already pulled out what he’s 99 percent sure are guns, and he’s still in the middle of a crowded street with people stupid enough to stand and gape at him instead of running for their lives, because, hello, Hulk here!After this is over, Bruce is going to kill Tony, and he isn’t even going to Hulk out; Oh no, he’s going to chock him with his bare hands. (Or maybe he’ll just sit on him and eat all the junk food by himself while Tony cries and begs on the floor. That seems like a good plan as well. )The first shot snaps him out of his thoughts, and he has to fight down both panic and the green beast as he takes a sharp turn into one of the darker alleys around. Bruce is by no means a physical man –well, at least, his calmer, not-green self isn’t- and he knows better than to try and run from a bunch of obviously trained men with guns in a public place where not only can they easily shoot him and hit the target, but can also miss and hurt the innocents around. Besides, he’s already beginning to tire, his breath coming in short, quick pants and his knees shaking under his weight. He won’t be able to run for much longer.So, the scientist does the reasonable thing and tries to get as far away from the public as he can before he’s cornered. There’s no hope of making it to the avengers before the men catch up to him since he panicked and ran in the opposite direction of the tower when he first spotted the group and is now pretty far from home; so the best he can hope for is losing his tails when he runs in the maze of the backstreets and narrow alleys of NY, and sinks deeper and deeper into the darker and more questionable parts of the city.By the time he remembers that he’s an unfamiliar with this districts as the ones he’s trying to lose, it’s already too late to turn around, and he’s trapped in a dark and dirty dead-end with nowhere to go and footsteps that keep getting closer and closer.He takes a step back, and flinches when his back his the wall. He takes a quick look around, desperately searching for an escape route. By the looks of things, he’s out of luck. The only things in the alley are a couple of torn trash bags and a half-blind street cat that screeches and runs away as soon as it sees Bruce; so unless he starts throwing rotten fruit and empty tin cans at his pursuers, there’s nothing of use. He’s officially cornered and there’s nowhere to go and nowhere to hide, and by this point his skin is more green than white, and he no longer can fight back the panic 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Peter Parker & Johnny Storm

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Homeless
Homeless Peter Parker
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Family
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Fluff and Angst
but heavy angst
BAMF Peter Parker
Violence
Past Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Past attempted sexual assault
Rape/Non-con Elements
Hurt/Comfort
Flashbacks
Nightmares
Kidnapping
Peter Parker Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Acts Like a Spider
Starvation
Developing Friendships
SCREW LOGIC I DO WHAT I WANT
Attempt at Humor
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Canon?
What's That?
never heard of her
Like I'm srs this doesn't follow canon
Past Child Abuse
Peter's foster family being giant assholes
Running Away
Mental Breakdown
No more aunt Tasha
It's about damn time she becomes a mama spider
temporary paralysis
Poison
Peter Parker uses poison
Or venom
whatever floats your boat dude
warning: Dumbass writing fics for shows she hasn't watched yet
well I mean I've watched some of the movies NOW
but I had seen only one (1) when I started
so there
I'm required by the law to make all of my fic titles two miles long
guys I know it's been ages but plz be patiant I'm working on it

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Other Relationship Tags to Be Added
Peter Parker & Johnny Storm

