Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
He leaned forwards on the front seat of the car, watching with interested attention as the boy stepped out of the Stark Industries’ New York Facility. His eyes were wide open as if not to miss any details as they followed the boy’s juvenile form stroll out of the building, a slight smile on his face as he went on. There was nothing Mac Gargan wanted more than to wipe off that stupid smile of his face.As if sensing his foul intentions, the smile disappeared from the kid’s face and was replaced by a slight frown between his eyebrows. He stopped on his tracks for a moment and looked around, as if searching for the source of animosity that was being directed towards him. Not wanting to draw unnecessary attention to himself and accidentally ruin his plans, Mac Gargan leaned back on his seat, gesturing for the man sitting beside him on the steering wheel to do the same. Finding nothing that could potentially threat him and deciding that he was under no immediate danger, the kid resumed his walk out of the building, though he was no longer smiling as he had been just a moment before.“This is useless, man”, the man beside Gargan said in a low voice, shaking his head as soon as the kid disappeared from their view, turning on a corner away from the Stark Industries. “We’re just wasting our time watching this kid. We should, you know, just burst in and take whatever we want as soon as Stark is out of town”, he argued, and with every word that escaped his lips, Gargan felt annoyance increasing inside him. He clenched his hands into fists beside his legs.“Yeah? And have him fly over from wherever he is and get us both back to jail?”, Gargan scowled, scoffing at his henchman’s stupidity. “You’re a fucking idiot, that’s what you are. This kid is our ticket to being just as rich as Stark is. We won’t be needing to steal anything from the building if we can get our hands on him”, he reasoned, pointing one last disgusted look towards the man beside him and turning his head to stare out of the window.“But why?”, the henchman asked, clearly confused. “I don’t get it. He’s just an intern, or something. Why would Tony Stark want to pay to get him back?”Gargan sighed deeply and leant his forehead on the cool surface of the window, doing his best not to snap right then and there. At first, when this stupid guy whose name he couldn’t care to remember was first assigned to drive him around and stand watch with him, he was disappointed, but not exactly mad. Now, after weeks of following the same routine of following the kid around the city, Gargan was getting tired of the man’s constant questioning and blabbering. He had never been a fan of being second-guessed, but this guy was really getting on his nerves.“Just trust me on this. I know what I’m doing”, he said simply, through gritted teeth, for what felt like the thousandth time. The cold glass of the window was making the scar on his face sting.“Nah, I don’t know, man”, the henchman shrugged, oblivious to Gargan’s obvious growing anger as he started the car and drove into the road. “You’ve been all talk for weeks now, having me drive over and stand watch here for that whatshisname. You said we’d hit the biggest score of our lives, but it’s been almost a month and I see no money”.Thankfully for the both of them, the car had just halted because of a stop sign, otherwise, they would most likely have been involved in an accident. Gargan fisted the front of the henchman’s shirt and pulled him close to his face with the utmost fury, making sure that he could tell, from the menacing look in his eyes and the vicious snarl on his face, that he was not fooling around.“You trying to second guess me?!”, he asked, not wavering on his tight grip to the man’s shirt. “You think I was lying about the money?”, he insisted, but the man provided no response, merely staring at him with wide, surprised eyes. He hesitantly shook his head, trembling hands raised as if to show Gargan he meant no harm. “Yeah, I thought not”, he scoffed, letting go of the man’s shirt and pushing against his seat at the same time as the car behind them started to honk. The henchman turned the key of the car with his shaking hand and started it, going back to driving.They stayed in silence for what felt like an eternity, the henchman’s knuckles white from his tight grip on the steering wheel and Gargan going back to leaning his forehead on the window. He opened and closed his hands into fists several times as if to regain his composure.“If you’re so unhappy about the deal, you can talk to Toomes about it. You want that?”, he spat venomously, managing to sound sarcastic. Had he bothered to look at the driver as he said the words, he would have noticed how the man’s face went pale at the mention of Toomes’ name. instead, Gargan stared at his own knuckles as he continued to open and close his hands.“N-no, no, of course not, I’m goo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Hostage Situations
Kidnapping
Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Blood
Gunshot Wounds
Hypothermia
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Poor Peter Parker
Worried Tony Stark
Rescue Missions
Texting
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
PTSD Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Guilty Happy Hogan
Protective May Parker (Spider-Man)
Anxiety Attacks
Panic Attacks
Anxious Tony Stark
Hurt Peter
Peter Parker Whump
Misunderstandings
Miscommunication
Guilt
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Heat Stroke
No one talks about their emotions when they should which is why this ended up being +100K long
Iron Dad
Tony Stark Has Issues
If you hate on Aunt May OP will silently judge you from the distance
Torture
Broken Bones
Guilty Tony Stark

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

