Work Text:
It would be an understatement to say that May was mad. She was furious. Not at Tony, because he’d done his best to make Peter stay behind, not at Peter because even if he’d been sitting at home on his couch he’d have disappeared, but at Thanos because who does that son of a –“May! May. It’s okay. I’m home.”And May just gave him this look, that made him crack and he was crying again and why did he always have to break down in front of his parental figures, but May was crying now too so maybe it was okay. She wrapped him in her arms for the eleventh time that evening – Peter had kept track –  and they were shaking with their tears and it was messy and gross and so nice to have someone hold him again even though it made him feel vulnerable. Because according to Tony Stark being vulnerable was okay as long as you had people around you to protect you.Speaking of Tony, “So, I guess I’m an Avenger now...” he murmured into her shoulder.May shuddered a sigh and pushed him to arm’s length. “Officially?”“Officially.” Peter managed a small smile.“I’m so...” her eyes became glassy again, “so proud of you Peter. So proud. And Tony is too. You know what he told me?”Peter raised an eyebrow. “You talk to Tony?”“Sometimes. We conspire together to embarrass you in public.”
“May!”
“What? It’s true! Anyway, he told me a few months ago, that even though it hadn’t been official at the time, he thought you’d always been Queen’s Avenger and that you didn’t need the title to be a hero. He said that he’d never be able to say this to your face because it would ruin his reputation, but you were one of the only things that kept him going sometimes and that you were his hero. That you were better than he would ever be.”Peter scoffed, his face heating up without his permission. “No, he didn’t.”“Yes, he did!”“Tony wouldn’t say that!” he denied, pulling away some to fidget with his shirt cuffs.“I mean, it took a while for me to get him to admit how much you meant to him, but he definitely meant it.”“He probably just said that to get you off his back about it!” Peter bent over and started picking up pieces of shattered plate, not asking why there were so many broken things strewn around the house. He knew why.“Peter,” May sighed, bending down to help her nephew. “As much as you admire Tony, I don’t think you know him as well as you think you do.”He said nothing, just finished picking up the plate shards and threw them in the trash. May asked if he wanted Thai to celebrate and he said yes. He didn’t let himself believe what May had told him until he woke up screaming from a night terror. He waited until he was sure his aunt was still asleep before ripping off his sweat-soaked sheets and t-shirt. Peter lay there for a few moments, shaking. Then he remembered.The airport in Germany. “You’re going home, or I’ll call Aunt May!”The children’s playground. “Just forget the flying vulture guy, please!”Driving to the lab. “Right, and you’re not stupid either, which helps.”The Accords sitting on Tony’s dining room table. “Do you think you could drive over here?”The anniversary of Ben’s death. “It’s okay, kid. I... It’s okay.”The return of half of the world. “Are you okay?” “I am now, kid. I am now.”And it hit Peter all at once that May hadn’t been lying.‘He said that he’d never be able to say this to your face because it would ruin his reputation, but you were one of the only things that kept him going sometimes and that you were his hero.’And as Peter slowly drifted back into sleep, he smiled. “What’s up, Pete? You’re very... happy this morning.”Peter grinned at his aunt who’d made pancakes that actually tasted like she’d followed the recipe correctly. He shrugged. “I’m just... glad to be back.” Then he proceeded to shovel chocolate pancakes into his mouth so that he wouldn’t have to convince himself that was the reason. “Ugh, I can’t believe we have to deal with Parker again.”Peter turned to Flash Thompson who was in the middle of an eye-roll. But Peter caught the small smile that he was trying to hide.“Yeah, yeah. I missed you too Flash.”He left Flash sputtering to run out of the Decathlon room and join Ned in the hallway along with MJ– who was hanging out with them now I guess? Ned probably didn’t have anyone to lean on when Peter died, and it wasn’t like Peter minded.Ned wasn’t paying Peter any attention, though.“What?” he asked, frowning at his friend who was gaping at the end of the hallwayMJ smirked at him. “That your ride?” she asked, pointing to the glass doors that Ned was gawking at where just in view a bright orange Audi sat along the curb with none other than Tony Stark leaning against it with his arms crossed and a pair of those ridiculously expensive sunglasses perched on his nose.“Holy crap is that Tony Stark?!” Flash must have followed him out of the room.Peter laughed, beaming. “See you all later, guys. I have interning to do.”Seeing Flash’s baffled expression almost made dying worth it.Just kidding.Mostly.“Be nice to me an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Tony finally admitting how much Peter means to him
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Peter is finally not as oblivious to Tony caring
it took us a while
but we got here
Mentions of night terrors
Mentions of PTSD
some of the quotes that Peter remembers are from my other fics in the series

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker & Peter Parker
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

