Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Less than a minute.



That’s how long Tony had to redirect the nuke and send it through the portal splitting open the sky above New York before it detonated.
Less than a minute.
Pepper’s phone just kept ringing and ringing and ringing and Tony didn’t know if he was heartbroken that he wouldn’t get to say goodbye, or relieved that he wouldn’t have to hear her cry.
Less than a minute.
The seconds were ticking away and Tony put every bit of power he could into his thrusters, forcing himself and the bomb straight towards the sky, climbing higher and higher until he burst through into a whole other world.Less than a minute.Space was supposed to be empty, but it was crawling with life, with aliens, with machines hell bent on destroying his world, and then the nuke exploded and it was glorious in some sort of horrifying way.Less than a minute, and JARVIS faded out and all Tony could see was darkness.They say your life flashes before your eyes when you die, but Tony knew he was dying and he wasn’t seeing anything.But he could hear was mother’s voice in the back of his head, singing that sweet song about little wonders and small hours, and time falling away–And then Tony was falling away, down and down through the empty void, the wormhole closing beneath him, and Tony thought that he had never been more terrified to fall than he was right now.Less than a minute, and it would all be over and Tony thought that he had never been more terrified to fall than he was right now.And then everything went black.************************************************“Dunno why you stepped in, I could’a taken care of myself. The guy wasn’t even all that big.”“Right. Which is why I’m pickin’ ya up outta the trash, huh?”“Shut up! I would’a been fine!”“You were holdin’ a damn trash can lid. You weren’t fine!”The argument was enough to startle Tony wide awake, and he came back to himself with a coughing fit, choking on a harsh inhale, breath catching in his chest.Everything hurt and he was completely disoriented and what the hell was that god awful stench and why was he lying on garbage?Oh.Oh, he was in a dumpster.
What the hell?
Tony closed his eyes and counted to ten before opening them again, but somehow he was still in a dumpster.Why… why was he in a dumpster? Did he fall out of the wormhole and into a trash heap? That didn’t seem right. Where was the rest of the team? Why was everything so quiet? There should have been screaming and explosions and jets flying over head and–“I’m just saying, you didn’t have to intervene.” The voices were closer now, arguing louder. “I’m fine!”“Dammit I think ya busted your nose again.” This one, soft and rolling with an unmistakable Brooklyn accent. “I gotta set it soon as I can.”“Just bloody is all.” a loud sniff. “Doesn’t really hurt.”“You know I can tell when you’re lyin’ dummy. Let’s just get home and get ya cleaned up and then we can—Two men came around the corner of the alley and stopped in their tracks when they saw Tony sprawled out in the pile of filth.The first was tall and brunette, a cocky tilt to his head, with a smile and no doubt a snarky comment already forming on his lips as he looked Tony over curiously, blue eyes flicking over Tony’s jeans, around the dirty alley and back to Tony again.The other was blond and tiny, no more than five and a half feet at the most, bony and sickly looking, with a bloody nose and stubborn scowl on his face that said he couldn’t give two shits about what Tony was doing in the trash.He was also entirely familiar, and Tony couldn’t stop staring at him, his mouth falling open a little bit as he realized exactly who the blonde reminded him of.
…Steve?
“What’r’ya looking at?” the blonde scowled harder when Tony didn’t look away, folding thin arms against a thinner chest, the spark in his eye just daring Tony to say the wrong thing. “You got a problem with me?”“He’s probably lookin’ at your damn bloody nose and wondering how the hell someone your size got in another fight!” the brunette scoffed, pushing the shorter man lightly. “Quit being such a punk.”To Tony, “What’r’ya doin’ in the trash, huh? I know Brooklyn nights can be rough but I gotta say I never woke up in an alley after one. What happened to you?”“I–I–” Tony cleared his throat, trying to find his voice. “I’m not really sure.”He glanced around the narrow alley, at the brick buildings rising on either side of him. There was a distinct quiet that spoke of no traffic, and beneath the smell of the trash was a lack of pollution or even the scent of food carts or local restaurants. There were definitely not enough people on the street to be Manhattan, but that would mean he wasn’t in Manhattan anymore, and that– that was impossible, right?Right?“What’s the last thing you remember?” one of them asked. “Do you remember falling asleep here?”“I definitely don’t remember falling asleep here.” Tony swallowed back a hysterical little laugh, because the last the last thing he remember wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Time Travel
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
Tony centric
Tony Feels
different first meeting
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
winteriron
Strangers to Friends
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Strangers to Lovers
Falling In Love
First Kisses
First Times
Super Soldier Serum
Tony Meets Howard
Rewriting CATFA
With Tony in the Background
Boot Camp
BAMF Peggy Carter
Steve Rogers Feels
Sneaking Around
Secret Relationship
the Howling Commandos
Howard And Stony Friendship
Winter Soldier Bucky
Developing
Blowjobs
Shower Sex
Peggy And Steve Are in Love
Angst and Fluff
Fluff and Smut

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

