Chapter 1: Summoned
    




Chapter Text


What was he doing here?

 
In the garden of the little English neighborhood Loki paused at the door of the cottage like house and breathed in the strange scent of a Midgardian evening.  Nothing had changed. 

Everything had changed.

 

What was he doing here?

 
When was the last time he had been on Midgard?  In one way, eons; civilizations had rose and fell and rose in the time he had spent away.  Life had taken its tentative first breath before exploding across the blue marble. He had missed so much.  In another way, he had never been here. Or least not yet. There was no New York. No Avengers. No…
 
Loki shook his head.  He shouldn't be here. He knew that.  He could hear Allfather roaring at him already about his ‘mischief making’.  But hadn't he done everything that had been asked of him? Every condition that had been placed on him, he had accepted with nary a complaint.  Every hoop presentented to him, he had jumped through like a trained dog. And this wasn't mischief. This was...something else.
 
He entered the house through a small kitchen.  Dishes had been left in the sink to soak overnight.  A clock chimed from somewhere deep in the house. The smell of soap and pasta mingled in the air.  The house was impossibly still. He shouldn't be here.
 
Out through a narrow corridor he found what would have been a welcoming entryway; the usual mortal knickknacks dotted the walls with pictures of a smiling family waving merrily at a camera. If he had paid a little more attention, he may have seen that they were truly waving not forever caught in mid-motion.  But Loki’s eyes were drawn to the floor where a body lay. The man’s brown eyes were open, frozen in look between determination and fear. The angular jaw had been set into a firm scowl. His glasses were askew and the god felt an urge to straighten them. He shouldn't be here.
 
There was a strange noise from upstairs and Loki walked around the corpse as respectfully as possible, if there is a way to do such a thing, to the staircase.  He could feel the power that had summoned him here as he walked up. There was once (twice?) was a time when mortals would call upon the Gods and ask for their help.  Elaborate symbols and rituals that were supposed to move Asgardians to ride forth and protect them. It had been the duty of the Asgardian royals to keep a close eye on Earth to watch for such an occurrence.  But as gods became part of fairytale lore, being summoned was a rarity. So rare that many gave up watching Earth. Not Loki. He watched. He listened. And even if he came too late for a summon not meant for him, he was here.  But he shouldn't be.
 
There was only one door open when he arrived on the landing.  He had to hold back a gasp. It was a nursery, brightly painted in pastel pinks, blues, and yellows filled to the brim with stuffed animals and toys.  In the center of the room was a large crib. He felt a deep throb of pain at the sight of it. A woman’s body laid in front of it, her red hair draped over her face.  He shouldn't be…
 
A whine.  Loki immediately focused on the crib.  A small infant looked out through the bars, tears sparkling on their cheeks as they let out another little whine.  He was across the room in moments, one hand reaching out to wipe the tears away. Cooing at the infant, Loki looked around the room for something to help sooth them.  He found a blanket on a table nearby with light blue stitches forming the word ‘Harry’.
 
“Harry?  Is that your name, Little Lamb?” the god cooed as he summoned the blanket towards him.  The infant didn't seem surprised by the feat of magic, only reaching out for the fabric and bringing it to their face.  Loki smiled and brushed the back a fringe of black hair from the tiny forehead and gasped.
 
He should have been here sooner.
 
*****
 
Another day, another dire bear.  Thor and the Warriors Three had been sent for to deal with a den of the monsters in the far corner of Asgard by a local Shield Wife.  Well, ‘den’ was a generous description. If two dying old males and a half crazed female counted as a den. Still, it was a break from the formality of palace diplomacy and the battle kept his skills honed.  He stretched as he watched Hogun and Volstagg flirt with the local women loading their horses with the skins of their kill. He had picked out a fine pelt from the kill and already packed it away for his mother to be given upon his return.  He thought about getting a pelt for his spouse, but knowing his Dearest, the animal pelt would only irritate him.
 
“Thor!  Thor!” Fandral rode up beside him on horseback, a raven beating on his shoulder and a letter clutched in his hand.  
 
“Calm yourself!” the prince said with a laugh.  The people of the village who had gathered to watch the troop leave now looked on as the God of Thunder took the reins of the horse from his friend with interest.  “Now what was has caused such alarm?”
 
“We must return.  NOW!” the other man sa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Adopted Harry Potter
Marvel Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Non-binary Loki
Non-Binary Harry
Out of Character
Mpreg
Crossing Timelines
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Manipulative Albus Dumbledore
Good Loki (Marvel)
Good Draco Malfoy
Morally Grey Severus Snape
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Timeline Shenanigans
Transphobia
forced gender roles

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov

