Chapter 1: Sister of Two
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
For the first time she can remember, Hela waits for her father on the Bifrost sight after a battle. It's not an occurrence that oft repeats itself, nor one that has ever really happened before; in every fight, every war they wage or defend against, she and Odin work side-by-side. A deadly, destructive pair that return to camp together, victorious, his arm swung over her shoulder; a king and heir returning to their people. Their efforts are known and feared everywhere, and justly so. The peace in the Nine Realms has been hard fought and cost many lives—it is only sheer luck or perhaps skill that herself and her father have both survived the centuries long war across the stars.Exhaustion is not a feeling she often is privy towards, but today it is the only thing she is able to focus on. Her muscles ache with a pulse she hasn't felt in many years—at least since her training began. Her hair is slicked back with likely only frozen sweat, the ponytail she tugged it back into falling apart with large clumps of her hair sticking to her pale face, lightly frosted. The bitter wind is digging into her skin and despite her many layers of clothing and the spells cast to prevent her from feeling it. She honestly expects nothing less of Jotunheim, however, the Frost Giant's realm isn't exactly known for having a warm and sunny climate.Or really sun at all. The planet's people put up a far greater fight than Asgard was expecting, even as startling as the sudden counter attack was. Her father had called the defense for Midgard abruptly, so the army wasn't as prepared as it should have been. There has been a tense peace for some three? (maybe four) years before the Frost Giants attack on Midgard, but nonetheless they should have been prepared. Or seen something. The signs of the fraying peace treaty between the Frost Giants and the rest of the Realms has always been fairly obvious to those who were looking.Asgard was not.They had their hands pressed firmly over their eyes and refused to peak through the cracks. The battle was long, much longer than Hela was intentionally expecting and neither side walked away unscathed. The rest of the army has already returned to Asgard via the Bifrost, but Hela is waiting for Odin to make a reappearance. He sent his people home some six hours previous and Hela was supposed to go with them (she didn't) as he sweeps the land for any more surviving Asgardians. He typically does it after every battle and Hela usually joins him (sensing for their life, a skill that she's possessed since a young age), but King Laufey got a good hit into her leg and she's having trouble walking and general movement as well as seeing straight from pain. Stubbornness is one of her main drives, however, and her family is famous for it.And so, Hela sits on top of the Bifrost sight in butterfly position, her arms hanging loosely in her lap one hand occasionally straying to rub the bandages hastily covering her upper thigh. Her stepmother is going to lose her head about it, it's an ugly wound that bleeds sluggishly or rapidly whenever it feels like it. Even with her enhanced healing, it's taking a long time to close or really do anything but ache. The stab in itself was clean enough, just the frostbite that's making it worse; Laufey's ice dagger made certain of that. She hasn't looked at the wound closely yet, but she imagines that the skin around the initial bleed is a messy work of black and blue skin. It will not be a pleasant recovery. Leg wounds never are.Hela drums her fingers over her knee absently, releasing a soft sigh of boredom and closes her eyes. She's never been good at peace or waiting around absently. Her veins thrive on the thrill of battle, the burn of her muscles as her hands toss weapon after weapon towards her targets. The rush of adrenaline that follows—she's shamelessly addicted to it. Sitting down and reading is nearly the death of her unless it's for tactical purposes (even then). She often grows bored at the beyond mundane parties and political dinners. Hela has always been incapable of sitting still, and is it a frequent annoyance to Frigga, but Hela doesn't mind to much. She was always running on energy that spanned from nowhere and her parents struggled to keep up with her.Despite herself though, Hela is slightly dreading returning to Asgard—and it's not just because the war is over and they need to deal with the aftermath. She's thrilled to return to her stepmother and the palace with Asgard's soft hills and forests unlike the cold bitter wasteland of Jotunheim, but she doesn't want to put up with Thor, her younger brother. She...doesn't dislike Thor per say, but her brother drives her slightly crazy. If they were closer in age, Hela thinks that they would get along better, but there's a few centuries that just don't add up. He's just...argh. He's not talking super well des
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Thor & Loki & Hela
Loki & Thor
Hela & Loki (Marvel)
Hela & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hela wasn't banished before Thor 1
Canon Divergence - Pre-Thor (2011)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Hurt/Comfort
Angst with a Happy Ending
Implied/Referenced Torture
Aftermath of Torture
Kid Loki and Kid Thor (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
sick thor
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Fluff and Humor
Kidnapping
Family
Friendship
Loki (Marvel)'s Lips Sewn Shut
Canon-Typical Violence
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Thor (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Hela (Marvel) needs a hug
Everyone Needs A Hug
Mind Control
Hela (Marvel) Is a Good Bro
Angst
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Everyone Has Issues
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Laufey (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Protective Siblings
Brother-Sister Relationships

fandom: 
Thor & Loki & Hela
Loki & Thor
Hela & Loki (Marvel)
Hela & Thor (Marvel)
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)
Jane Foster/Thor
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

