Chapter 1: Fog
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
SHIELD fell on a Wednesday.Darcy Lewis had the terrible luck of being in the SHIELD building in New York when the agency, the world's bulwark against chaos, succumbed to the rot from within and crumbled down around them all. Though, really, the timing of her small arms recertification couldn't have been better; she and Clint were in the range, near the armory, when the building went into lockdown and everything else went to hell.When the alarms sounded, and a strange static hiss burst through the PA system, Darcy pulled her ear protectors off and cocked her head, confused at the sudden chaos. Turning to look at Clint, hoping for some explanation, she was shocked into a thick, dumbfounded haze -- more shocked than when a space tornado hit the ground in front of her SUV, or when alien elves tried to shoot her face off, or even the day her dad decided he was a superhero -- when Clint, without hesitation, pulled his side arm and aimed it at her. She never even thought to bring up her own weapon, the cold surprise of the barrel of his gun overwhelmed her brain and she froze. Blinking stupidly, all she had time for was to wonder if this was Loki again, and then he fired. The bang of the gun and the sharp clatter of the spent casing were dim, distant echoes through the numbness of her bewilderment. A heavy weight hit her back, slamming her into the platform of the firing station, knocking the breath from her lungs. The weight continued to fall, hitting the back of her knees, and she would have tumbled over entirely if Clint hadn't caught her roughly by the collar and yanked her backwards towards him. Once clear of whatever had caught on her feet, and after she'd taken a brief second to steady herself, she realized she'd been hit by the dead weight of the range master, a bloody hole through his throat and a pistol in his slack fingers."What--?" Darcy shook her head and tried to get the last three seconds to make some sort of sense."Puke later," Clint commanded roughly."You shot him.""He was going to shoot you."Darcy stared back down at the body. He must have been right behind her to have fallen against her like that, which meant Clint shot him right over her shoulder. She'd never even felt the other man approach. The pistol in his hand was a story all its own. "I don't understand," she said, feeling both stupefied and shaky. She knew that guy. His name was Carl, she'd trained with him, she'd known him for months. "I don't either," Clint admitted. "Reload."And though it was the last thing in the world she wanted to do, she stepped back over Carl's body to follow Clint's order. It took a few tries but she finally managed to get her trembling fingers to force new rounds into the pistol's magazine. "Now what?" She asked Clint as she holstered her weapon.Clint plucked the gun from Carl's limp grip and tucked it into the back of his pants. "We figure out--"He was cut off by a message tone over the PA, and the static and signal cut out, replaced by a tense, breathless voice calling desperately, "Hydra infiltration. Scuttle systems. Evacuate. Repeat Hydra--" the voice broke off into burst of gunfire and a strangle scream. It was so surreal Darcy almost laughed. Her very own "Imperial troops have entered the base" moment. But, it wasn't funny. There was a dead man at her feet and it sounded a lot like somebody else had died to get that warning out. A new voice took over the PA, this one as cold as the other was desperate. "Our time is now. Hail Hydra.""Shit," Clint spat viciously as he gave her a hard shove towards the armory. "Hydra?" Darcy shook her head and stumbled forward. "I thought Steve stuck a fork in them seventy years ago.""Obviously not. Hitting New York's ballsy, though. I bet we're not the only ones.""Well, hell." Darcy collected herself and ran to the armory door, trying her code on the lock. When that didn't work, Clint shoved her aside and tried his own, but he didn't have any better luck."Have to blow it. I think I have a charge in my kit," he muttered, turning away."Of course you do." Darcy rolled her eyes and pulled a small leatherman from her pocket and started prying at the faceplate. "How about if we let the girl whose dad built the system give it a crack before we make a bigger noise and tell the uber-Nazis where we are?""Make it fast," Clint growled, stepping back over to her."Two seconds, and cripes, give me some space, dude," she murmured absently as she pulled wires and ignored sparks and tried to work around the lockdown. The red 'denied' turned to a blue 'accepted' and she let out a long breath. "Me first," Clint told her. "Watch my back.""Yeah," she agreed with a jerky nod, putting away her knife and pulling her pistol. Safety off, finger on the slide, muzzle down. He paused before he shoved the door open. "Darcy, this is the real deal."She swallowed heavily and cast a pointed look back 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Spoilers
All of Fury's Horrible Decisions
Darcy Lewis is Tony Stark's Daughter

fandom: 
None
