Work Text:
Tony Stark clearly belonged in their bed. He was surprisingly soft, sweet and unfairly tempting as he easily followed Natasha’s instructions. James watched from the chair he’d settled into as Natasha finished tying Tony’s arms to the bed-frame, dragging nails idly down his naked chest, as Tony jerked and moaned into his gag.The toy buried inside of his ass vibrated against his prostate and wouldn’t be coming out until it was James’s turn.“He makes the prettiest sounds.” Natasha’s lips curved wickedly as she pressed a kiss in the center of Tony’s chest while reaching down to tease his hard cock. “I think we should keep him.”They were supposed to assassinate him.A honey trap that ended in a bloodbath for some poor soul to find and report but the temptation to simply keep their target was far too much and they had already discussed it.They had watched Tony Stark for weeks, weeks of opportunities, and they had both come to the surprising conclusion that they wanted to keep him. It was rare that someone tempted both of them so thoroughly and never a target.“Would you like that, doll? Would you like to be ours?”Those beautiful brown eyes, dark with arousal, looked over at him with desperate need as clear as day. James walked closer to the bed and reached out to brush his fingers against Tony’s cheek.He really was unfairly beautiful.“We would take good care of you, wouldn’t we?”Natasha’s hooded green eyes practically gleamed as she looked up at Tony, “I always take good care of my toys.” The tone was low, sultry and James watched Tony swallow roughly. If his pupils had not already completely dilated with arousal James was sure that would have done it.A second later Natasha swallowed Tony down and their willing captive jerked, moaning into his gag, as her hands pressed down on his hips while Natasha lazily bobbed her head up and down.James knew exactly how talented that mouth was and he could hardly blame Tony for depriving him of those bright pretty eyes when they slid shut in pleasure. He would need to arrange something to make it look as though Tony Stark had been murdered.There was no need for them to worry about someone else taking the hit and coming after Tony for the insanely high price that had been put on his head. That would be an absolute waste.“Are you going to be good for us, doll?”Tony’s cheeks were flushed while he released muffled moans and writhed on the bed trying to get off. Natasha slowly lifted off his cock, her mouth staying wrapped around Tony, before she pulled off with a pop.“If you’re good we might let you come.” Natasha smirked at the desperate brown eyes looking down at her. She brushed her finger over the cock ring she’d put on Anthony earlier. James watched Tony’s body practically bow off the bed at the sensation. “That looks painful, Antoshka.”James moved his chair closer and settled down to watch Natasha play. It wasn’t long before she was straddling Tony, hand braced on his chest, as she lowered herself down onto his cock with a soft moan.He watched Tony’s face, watched the way pleasure twisted his pretty features, as Natasha settled down and lazily rocked her hips.“If you’re good, kotenok, I’ll let you put that mouth of yours to work.”Natasha rode Tony torturously slow, dragging the pleasure out, as increasingly needy moans escaped from behind the gag filling their target's mouth. “Why anyone would want such a temptation removed is beyond me.”James hungrily watched Tony as Natasha started to ride him harder, touching herself, as her breathing hitched and her pace faltered. It wasn’t often that one of them would actually have sex with a target but, James knew, even if they hadn’t decided to keep this one both of them would have had a go.Tony Stark was the kind of man a person had to take for a ride at least once.Their sounds of pleasure, the dull creak of the mattress, filled the air as James watched Natasha start to greedily ride Tony until she was stilling, head falling back, as she moaned her release.She leaned forward, never lifting off, to press a kiss right on the ball gag still filling Tony’s mouth. He couldn’t hear what she whispered in Tony’s ear but judging by the expression James had little doubt that her words had been absolutely filthy.Natasha slowly leaned back until she was still sitting astride Tony before she shifted and his hard cock slipped free.She looked over at him, intent clear. James gave her a small nod. “Now I expect you to continue being a good boy.” With expert fingers she quickly had him free and the ball gag rested on the mattress next to them.“Fuck.” His voice was a rough rasp, wrecked and needy, as Natasha grinned at him. “I need—” she pressed a finger against his lips. Immediately silence followed.Oh. He thought with pleasure.“Very good, kotenok.” Natasha pulled Tony in for a kiss and he easily went into it, practically melting as her fingers carded through his hair before gripping it. “On your knees.”Natasha’s voice was calm, soft and carr
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Bottom Tony Stark
Assassin Bucky Barnes
Assassin Natasha Romanov
Target Tony Stark
Restraints
Bondage
Gags
Vibrators
Cock Rings
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Oral Sex
Vaginal Sex
Riding
Praise Kink
Young CEO Tony Stark
Would-be Victim Tony Stark
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Possessive Natasha Romanov
Top Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe
Smut
Rough Sex
Threesome - F/M/M
Cunnilingus
Submissive Tony
Beware: There Be Nothing But Smut Below
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

