Chapter 1: Borrowed Shades
    


Summary:

No one ever said anything about the universe giving people a second chance. People, sure, people gave second chances all the time. They were people. It's what they did.But the universe? No. The universe doesn't care about people. It just is.





Chapter Text

For the first time in his life, Tony feels his mind begin to slow down. 

Oh sure, he’s had plenty of moments where his mind has become fuzzy with alcohol or sleep deprivation, and there was the occasional time where drugs had thrown his head for a loop-de-loop and staring at the wall gave him a pleasant sort of static feeling between the ears, not to mention there have been the times he’s been concussed, knocked out, strangled nearly unconscious and under anesthetic, but that was never accompanied by slow thoughts. Now, though, now Tony knows what it’s like, to slow down.

He can’t say he likes it very much. 

Worse still, he doesn’t think he can stop it, either. 

The suit’s been dead for a while now, the last of its light and life flickering when the sharp edge of that damn shield bit into his chest again and again and 

again 

and 

again. 



When I get out of here, 

Tony promises himself, his thoughts slow, his eyelids slower as he opens them to stare across the bare concrete at the slightly convex form of the vibranium shield, 

I will melt it down and make it into the base of a snow globe. Put a small collapsed Iron Man in the bottom and fill it with red snow. Thanks for visiting Siberia! Come back soon!


He’d laugh, but his breath is too shallow to catch and the last thing he tasted before his tongue became too cold to taste was blood. His breath, when he does manage to gather it, makes something bubble. Tony wonders when his ears will be too cold to hear, or if, like in the Princess Bride, the frost will take his ears and nose and lips and eyes but leave him able to hear, able to hear the horror that will, inevitably, make his rescuers exclaim aloud. He thinks he’d hate to hear that sound, but that’s a lie. 

Anything would be nice to hear if it wasn’t bubbling and the howling wind. 




Insulation, 

Tony mouths the word and swears his fingers twitch as he stares ahead. His eyes are so cold and so dry but if he closes them, then he’ll fall asleep. He can’t fall asleep. Not yet. He’s working. The air in front of him is filled with bleak concrete and a white wall of wind-whipped snow and Tony can see the blue of his holograms in the air. He’s modifying his suit, ticking off all the things that could make it better, could make this survivable.



Insulation against extreme temperatures that doesn’t rely on power to function.


Back up energy, hidden somewhere instead of a big ass target on his chest.


Magnetic release catches that only flip when the suit is depowered.


Maybe a secret snack compartment, or a flask, because he’s real sure that he’s real hungry. Or at least he should be, if the cold wasn’t such a problem.



Focus, 

Tony tells himself. He can’t let his mind wander. He has to fix his suit so that the next time he goes and plays in a snowstorm and gets his ass kicked and his chest through a grinder, he won’t come so close to dying.



Back up oxygen; maybe a specific suit that was air-tight.


Smaller jets for more careful maneuverability in zero-gravity. 


A distress beacon, a really, really powerful one, just in case.



No, wait, 

Tony’s brow furrows. He hears something crinkle. He holds his breath. It doesn’t continue so he relaxes. 

Now. 

What was he thinking about? 

Right. 

Fixing the suit.



Insulation was a must, he had to be more careful of extreme temperatures. 


Backup battery, not one that would explode painfully when punctured, either.

 
Tony’s eyes are fixated, straight ahead. He can’t see anything, but that’s okay. He doesn’t need to see to plan his building. Seeing will come later.



Tony’s pared his final regrets down to three. Which, considering all the fucking mistakes he’s made in his life, he’s pretty proud of narrowing it down to so few. He’s regretted so much in his life that the slide-show of Tony Stark’s Life has at least ten compilation segments of his top one hundred biggest regrets of his existence. Not to say that it was all regrets. He had some good moments too. He had the bots he’d made and there had been Jarvis and JARVIS and the first time he’d flown in the suit, the taste of freedom and the taste of Pepper’s kisses, and the choice to get out of the arms race- no he had lots of things he didn’t regret. And he could let go of ninety-nine percent of his regrets, here and now, if only he could do something about the three that he still had.

Tony sighed, air bubbling out of the back of his throat with the thick blood that he feels building there. He can’t cough so most of it slides back down his throat, filling his lungs up. At least, that’s what he figures he did. It’s not like he bothered to get a medical degree along with the rest of his deg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Pepper Potts
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Tony Stark & Ivan Vanko
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Reincarnation
Sort Of
Kind of a fix it but not exactly
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Enemies to Friends
Minor Character Death
Kidnapping
Blood and Torture
2009 era rage comics
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
POV Multiple
Marvel Cinematic Universe Remastered
Alternate Universe - Time Travel

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Pepper Potts
Bruce Banner/Betty Ross
Tony Stark & Ivan Vanko
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

