Chapter 1: Connor yeets himself off a tall place
    




Chapter Text

There’s a burst of tinnitus in Connor’s audio processors, and the sound fades out just as quickly as it came in. Stiff joints whirring at him in protest, the android heaves himself off the ground. His visuals aren’t quite online, and they don’t like the sudden movement. He’s on his knees when his balance abandons him, and he tilts sideways. He uses a clumsy elbow to catch himself, the rough concrete beneath him tearing a hole in his CyberLife suit.


Connor sucks in a deep breath and closes his eyes. It takes a minute, but his visual processor finally corrects itself. Blinking, he stands slowly. He’s still unsteady on his feet, and an internal scan tells him there’s a hairline fracture on his gyroscope; it should fix itself soon. The android reaches out a hand to steady himself, but there’s no wall to lean on. Groping at the air, he stumbles again but manages to stay upright. Once he’s stable, he casts a glance around to take in his new surroundings. He’s not sure where he is yet, but it certainly isn’t the defunct laboratory he was in moments before.


For one, he’s outside now. Connor lifts his gaze from the concrete ground and examines the rusting metal carcass of a boat. The once-white hull is crooked and sideways, and a few wharf rats skitter around the wreckage. A quick taste of the air reveals a high amount of salinity and ammonia. The temperature is a warm 72°F and the hazy sky is rife with pollution.


Connor is so caught up in his investigation of the area that he doesn’t register that his audio processors have fixed themselves. There’s a sudden burst of static followed by gunshot-like pops. More static, and noise begins to filter in. The deviant flinches against the sudden influx of sound, clamping his hands over his ears.


Warily, he peels his palms away. He’s met by the shrieking of gulls over head; in the distance, he can make out the sound of water and people barking orders. Obviously, he’s at a dock of some sort. How he got there, he has yet to figure out.


“Hey, what d’you think you’re doing here, buddy?”


A sharp voice makes Connor jerk his head up. A man—a human male dressed in work clothes—is approaching him. His face is tightly drawn and unpleasant, and faintly, he reminds Connor of the CyberLife guards. Connor zeroes in on his face, rigging up a facial recognition scan. His neural interface blinks red for a few moments and spits a wad of words across the android’s vision: NO NETWORK DETECTED.


Well, shit.


The man is only drawing closer, and Connor makes a hasty decision. He runs. He takes off to the man’s left, darting for a stack of shipping containers. Another second, and he’s planned the safest route to the top of the steel boxes. The human is already several yards behind when he pushes himself off the ground and grapples the edge of the lowest container. A warning flashes in his mind, and Connor barely has time to remember that his gyroscope isn’t completely healed yet. His shoulder slams into the metal wall, and his left hand is suddenly grappling empty air. Panic floods his system, and he shoves aside the pain in his side. With a gasp, he twists himself flush with the container and hoists himself to the next available ledge. The man’s hand closes around the space where his foot had just been.


The human’s angry shouts follow him as Connor pulls himself over the lip of the highest container. He’s breathing hard, and his stress is bordering on a worrying 83%. For the moment, he’s safe, and the deviant spreads himself across the lukewarm steel. His mind is reeling from the close call, and a throbbing sensation is gripping his damaged shoulder. Connor doesn’t dare to move until his stress has dropped to a more acceptable level.


With a muffled groan, the android sits up. His shoulder is numb now, which is slightly more worrying than the pain. On the plus side, his gyroscope has completely repaired itself. 

And I’m not dead, 

He thinks. The lack of shouting indicates the man has given up on catching him and left; that’s another thing to be happy about.


As he’s compiling his list of ‘good things’, his stress levels drop to 29%. The soft blue of his LED is far better than the blaring red it was a minute ago. Content that he is no longer in danger of self destructing, Connor revels on the fact that he couldn’t scan the human’s face. No network, his system had told him. No network? There was always a network—even after the revolution, the CyberLife network had still been available to him. That leaves two possibilities: CyberLife is suddenly denying him access to their network or there is no CyberLife. The former option seems far more plausible, but…


Connor drags himself out of his head and rakes his eyes across the horizon. In the distance, glistening chrome skyscrapers glare back him. One stands taller than the rest—the Empire State Building, his memory provides. He’s somehow gotten to New York City.


P
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Connor (Detroit: Become Human) & Tony Stark
Connor (Detroit: Become Human) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Whump
infinity war? who is she
Post Game of D:BH
Assumes Best Ending
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Relationships Will Be Figured Out In Time
Panic Attacks
Marvel Canon Compliant Up Until Infinity War
Canon-Typical Violence

fandom: 
Connor (Detroit: Become Human) & Tony Stark
Connor (Detroit: Become Human) & Peter Parker

