Work Text:
There are those in the world who’d protest, but the fact is that Tony can sometimes be an observant and thoughtful guy. And not even in the setting-up-Avengers-Towers way, or financing-everything-the Avengers-could-ever-want way (which, to be honest, he almost backed out of when Nick Fury came around to obliquely praise him for) but in a smaller scale, everyday, being-a-decent-coworker kind of way.Which is its own accomplishment, because before the Avengers, strictly speaking Tony’s only ever had two co-workers his whole life; he had to kill one of them, and dated the other one. Not a good history, all in all, but what’s history but material to learn from and improve on, right?So here Tony is, mostly-retired from Stark Industries and moved on to being an Avenger. Though he could keep going as Iron Man by himself – which he will, if the need arises – a team has its advantages, and the cost of being in a team is accepting that he now has a circle of peers (technically), and all that that it implies.This includes making room in Tony’s life for figuring out and dealing with other people’s work habits, living habits, socializing habits and all other fun things of people he didn’t choose in the first place but is willing to go with now because hey, they did good together that first time. And Tony honestly thinks he’s doing a decent job (growing pains of those first few weeks aside) and has become a decent and thoughtful person who notices when his fellow Avengers are feeling suboptimal.Or maybe it’s just because Steve Rogers has loosened up a hell of a lot since their debutante ball, and Tony can no longer count the Captain America scowl of disgruntlement as the default that Tony once thought it was.Tony’s having a late breakfast in the kitchen when Steve stomps past to the fridge, his face a thunderstorm. Tony’s thoughts, which had been idly skimming through his tasks for the day, switches over to skimming through possible things he’s done to piss Steve off lately and, happily, he can’t think of any.“Someone’s angry,” Tony says.Steve grunts a little, but that’s the extent of his response because apparently he’s too busy foraging for food. Tony leans over to observe the way the edge of Steve’s mouth has curled, which usually means he’s well-aware he’s kinda being a dick but can’t be bothered to care just then.After Steve stomps off, juice carton in hand, it’s Thor’s turn to come by. Like Steve, Thor is dressed down for a day of rest, but unlike Steve, he’s in good spirits and returns Tony’s greetings.“How’d the gig go last night?” Tony asks.“It was most pleasant,” Thor says. “We do have equivalents of talk shows on Asgard, but yours are far more—”“Don’t you say provincial.”“—charming.” Thor side-eyes Tony as collects his coffee. “I do like Earth, you know.”“So it went well?” When Thor affirms that, Tony continues, “Then why’d Steve look like someone took a piss on his shield?”“You really wish to speak of piss in the kitchen?”“You know what I mean.”Thor contemplates the previous day’s events. Tony was busy handling checks on Rhodey’s suit, but he’d heard from Maria that Thor and Steve had gone on some late-night talk show. Apparently, the invite had been open to any of the Avengers but only Thor had really wanted to go, and he’d somehow finagled Steve to join.“Maybe he didn’t like the beer pong,” Thor says after a while. “My apologies, I can’t recall anything specific. He did seem a bit quiet after, but Steve always has those moments.”“Right,” Tony says. “Thanks.”“You’re most welcome.” And Thor marches off to shampoo his hair or bask in the sunlight or whatever it is he does in his spare time, leaving Tony by himself.Tony sighs.JARVIS confirms that Steve’s haunting the gym, so that’s Tony’s destination once he gets another shot of coffee. There are other things that Tony needs to do today, but a good co-worker knows how to prioritize and all that.True to form, when Tony gets to the gym, Steve ignores him. Tony marches to the side bar and takes his own sweet time, adding sugar and cream to his coffee, letting it settle, and drinking it in careful sips. He even spends some time scrolling through the feeds on the table display, all the while Steve makes like a horse and pummels.At long last Steve pauses, chest heaving. “What?”“Oh, look.” Tony flicks a finger, blowing up the holographic screen to display in the air. “You were on TV last night.”Steve inhales sharply. “Tony, no.”“You really need to talk to your make-up crew before you go on these things,” Tony says. “Your cheekbones really don’t need the extra—”“Tony, no.” Steve moves fast when he wants to, slamming both hands on the table before Tony can finish. “Not today.”“Not today as in, you want me to drop this forever, or I can bug you about it later?”“The first one.”“Tough.” Tony waves off Steve’s wordless snarl. “You know and I know that every time you get mad at something that’s not me, I gotta be all over it.”“I should’ve stayed in DC,” Steve sighs.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Fake/Pretend Relationship
Getting Together
First Kiss
Humor
Flirting
Tony POV
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Pre-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Past Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Minor Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Minor Jane Foster/Thor
Avengers Tower
No Angst
Low Conflict
Light-Hearted

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

