Work Text:

 Sister Margaret’s Home for Wayward Girls. 

Peter checks the address MJ texted him again and then stares back up at the building.  This is the place  , he thinks with a frown. It's a large dilapidated concrete gray structure, so dirty and grimy that he’s sure even rain wouldn’t touch it.  Why MJ would know about this place is beyond Peter, especially since it's in one of the seedier part of Queens.
 Whelp,  he sighs,  MJ’s never steered me wrong before.  He grips the door handle and pushes inside, and it’s  packed  . If Peter thought the  outside  was seedy, it is  nothing  compared to the inside. It’s mostly dark, with some lights dangling down from the ceiling, a few pool tables that have just enough room to wiggle around them, and all the walls are decorated with framed pictures of different groups of people and newspaper clippings. Peter has a feeling that if the lights were fully turned on, cockroaches would scatter. He doesn’t wanna  think about what it would look like under a blacklight.
As he weaves through the crowd, he can’t believe a place like this actually exists outside of the movies, and he doesn’t need his spider-sense to tell him he doesn’t wanna look too closely at the clientele of the bar. He doesn’t wanna know what  the questionable stains are on imposing frowny guy’s gray shirt, or  why  such a gorgeous blond is draped all over a tanned older man with slicked-back gray hair, who is wearing aviators  indoors  and twirling a mustache that looks more suited to the sixties. Weirdly enough, he looks a little familiar to Peter - but he doesn’t stop to chat.
Instead, he approaches the bar and slides onto a barstool, slipping his hands out of the pockets of the Spider-Man hoodie that Deadpool had given him a few months ago. He never thought he’d actually be wearing something that  Deadpool  had given him, but he can’t help it, the hoodie’s comfortable. He wears it more often than he probably should - it’s in no way a substitute for the costume Tony made him, but it reminds Peter of his first costume and that makes him feel oddly safer.
 “What? It’s our two year anniversary, Webs!”  Deadpool had said when Peter had unwrapped his gift and just stared at him. Peter can’t help the huff of laughter at the memory.
“ID, kiddo,” the bartender, a tall man with blond frizzy hair and glasses, tells him. He doesn’t even glance up at Peter; his entire focus is on cleaning a shot glass with a what  must have been a white dishcloth once upon a time, but now is an indeterminable color.
“Not a kid,” Peter grumbles, but pulls out his license. The bartender takes it and studies the card before giving a decisive nod.
“What’ll it be?” he asks as he hands the card back. He throws the dishcloth over his shoulder and puts the clean glass under the bartop.
“Ah,” Peter replies dumbly, his mind going blank.
The bartender lifts an eyebrow. “Pretty sure we don’t have ‘ah’ on tap.”
Peter frowns, and he can feel his cheeks flaming with embarrassment. “Look, could you get me whatever’s cheapest, please?”
The bartender shakes his head with a wry smile. “College student?” he asks, pity in his eyes.
Peter crosses his arms and rests them on the polished bartop. “Yup,” he mumbles. “Broke one, at that.”
A sudden weight clamps down on Peter’s right shoulder - a hand, he realizes when the fingers give his arm a brief squeeze - that immediately makes him tense.  Why didn’t my spider-sense go off? Peter wonders as he turns to look -
And comes face-to-face with Deadpool.
“Aw, you’re breaking my heart!” the merc says, his gravelly voice unmistakable. Peter has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from yelping in surprise. “A college student  not  at a kegster? What has the world come to?! Weasel, get this fine collegiate a gin and tonic! We’re gonna set him up right!”
“What the hell kind of place do you think this is, ‘Pool?” Weasel asks, giving him a flat look. “A club in Monte Carlo?”
“Alright, fine, make it a rum and coke,” Wade sighs, “and my usual.” Without another word, Weasel turns his back to them and prepares their drinks.
“Er, thanks,” Peter starts, twisting to face his companion. Wade’s sitting on the barstool next to him, his black-clad fingers and red leather arms resting against the wood of the bar, looking surprisingly at home with his katanas strapped to his back and mask over his face. Like all things with the merc, it’s odd, but Peter can’t help but roll with it. “Mr. Deadpool,” he finishes with a wince.  So lame. 
“Please,” Wade says, waving a careless hand. “Mister Deadpool is my  dad - call me Deadpool.”
“Um, okay...Deadpool,” Peter replies, while he quietly panics. He can feel sweat gathering at the collar of his hoodie, and his heart’s beating in double time. “Listen, I appreciate it, but you didn’t have to do that.” He watches the lines of Wade’s expressive red mask shift, and Peter can tell that underneath, he’s raising an eyebrow. “Not that I’m not grateful! But I don’t know how to pay you back.”

[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
One Night Stands
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Identity Porn
Alcohol
Truth or Dare
Flirting
Awkward Flirting
Peter doesn't know how to ask for things
Getting to Know Each Other
older Peter Parker
still based on Holland Peter though
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Deadpool 2 (Movie) Compliant
Blow Jobs
First Time Blow Jobs
No Blow Jobs actually happen
Sorry Not Sorry
Stan Lee Cameo
Wade Wilson Breaking the Fourth Wall
THE BOXES - Freeform
Pop Culture
the author started out with good intentions
Fluff
Ridiculous
Love
Teasing
Swearing
Canon-Typical Violence
Nicknames
Peter is 24
Spideypool - Freeform
Bad Flirting
Bisexual Peter Parker
Masturbation
Discussion of masturbation

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

