Work Text:
Bucky was pacing back and forth across the width of their tiny tenement when Steve got back from the Sentinel-Guide Center. He'd heard the laborious thumps of Steve's faulty ticker from a couple blocks away, already figured it'd be bad news from how slow Steve was walking, even though his lungs were mostly clear for once.Bucky was pacing 'cause he was hoping to hell he was wrong, but one look at his friend's face when Steve opened the door and Bucky knew he wasn't. "No dice, huh?" he asked, shoulders slumping.Steve's sad little headshake told Bucky everything he needed to know. "Not even a Potential.""Damn." Bucky rubbed the back of his neck, then pulled his head up, putting on his best smile. "Well, we knew it was a longshot anyway, right?" He tried to sound bright and unconcerned even though his heart was breaking, because Steve looked devastated and Bucky would do anything to keep that kind of defeat off his face. "You told me there've never been Sentinels or Guides in your family. Just artists."Steve shrugged, then sat heavily at the kitchen table and put his head in his hands. "Army's not looking for artists, Buck."Bucky pulled the second chair over and sat next to him, then put his arm across his shoulders. "Well, they might." God, he hoped not, but it cheered Steve up a little. "But you know, it's not like it'd be so terrible, you stayin' outta the fight.""How can you say that?" Steve pulled away from him, turning to glare. "People are dying, Bucky! I can't just stay here and do nothing!""You won't be doing nothing and we both know it," Bucky said. "You saw the newsreels same as me. They're gonna need people to do all kinds of stuff back in the States. Hell, they probably will need artists, for posters and such. You—""You really want me to paint fucking posters while you're out there with some Guide the army assigned you, getting shot at?""Yes!" Bucky snapped. "Yes I do! Damn it, Stevie, you think I want you out there with me, in the middle of that shit? You belong here!"Steve actually flinched. For a second he looked gutted, and then he shoved his chair back and stood. "You don't want me? You think I'm not good enough to fight with you? Well, fine. Fuck you." He stalked to the door, snatching his jacket off the coatrack."No! I didn't mean that! Stevie, wait!" Bucky leapt up and lunged for the door, managing to reach over Steve's head to push it shut. "I didn't mean it like that," he repeated, still holding the door closed. "Of course I think you're good enough to fight with me! We've been fighting together our whole lives!"Steve backed up a couple steps then crossed his arms. He still looked hopping mad. "So, you think I'm good enough to get into brawls in back alleys, but not to go to war.""That's not true!""You just said you didn't!""I never said that!" Bucky stood as well, then shoved his fingers through his hair, exhaling loudly in exasperation. "Stevie, I don't want you to die, okay? Jesus Christ, of course you can fight! You're the bravest, most fearless guy I know. You got the spirit of ten men twice your size. But you also got asthma and a bad ticker, and a crooked spine that hurts you all the damn time, and you get sick with fucking pneumonia every time someone even sneezes near you! How long do you really think you'll last out there, with so much working against you?""I don't care!""Yeah? Well I do!" Bucky shouted. "God damn It! You're like my brother, Stevie! I love you! You think I want you gettin' shot at? Or getting sick in the middle of nowhere so all I can do is watch you die?"Steve didn't look particularly moved by Bucky's heartfelt declaration. "Then why the hell did you encourage me to get tested, then? What if they'd said I was a Guide, huh? You said you wanted to bond with me. Was that a lie?""No! No, Steve. God, no. It wasn't a lie." Bucky put his hands on Steve's tense, bony shoulders, looking him in the eyes. "I've wished you could be my Guide since I knew I was a Sentinel. There's not one person on the whole damn planet I'd be happier with as my Guide than you. You gotta know that."Steve blinked at him, but at least now he looked more confused than angry. "But, if I was your Guide, we'd go into battle together. And you said you don't want me to.""Damn right, I don't." Bucky nodded. "Last thing I want is for you to be in danger. But at least if you were my Guide, you'd be with me. We'd be a team, lookin' out for each other. Same as always.""Oh," Steve said. He still looked mad, but only a little bit. Bucky breathed an internal sigh of relief. "But, if we were bonded and I died, you'd go nuts."Bucky shrugged. Though, yeah. He'd thought about that. Of course he had; it was every Sentinel's worst nightmare. "Well, figure I'm gonna go nuts anyway, worrying about you getting your ticket punched in some alley and me never even knowing about it. That'd just be different." He grinned, though he knew his heart wasn't in it. "It doesn't matter anyhow, right? You ain't a Guide
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Fusion
Alternate Universe - Sentinels & Guides
Alternate Universe - Sentinels and Guides Are Known
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Hurt/Comfort
Bonding
Soul Bond
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Domestic Violence
Tony Stark Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Gets a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
lots of hugging
Imprinting
because i love it
The Author is Hopelessly Self-Indulgent
Gratuitous Kitten References
Tumblr: imaginetonyandbucky
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

