Chapter 1: 73 Questions
    


Notes:
I honestly don't know what this is, but it just poured out, though wtf how did it get so long. This is like 90% dialogue though, for what is hopefully obvious reasons.When Tony sings, google/youtube/spotify 'Smile' by RDJ. He did a cover that's so raw (also damn boi RDJ is such a good singer, go listen to the rest of his songs - start with Man Like Me)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

How it all began...

"Have you seen this?"
Peter threw the newspaper down so hard it made a loud snap as it hit the floor. Tony didn't jump, but it was close. He wheeled himself out from under a prototype for a new, cleaner car engine and being upside-down didn't stop him from giving Peter the stink eye.
"Cool it or you're out kid," he ordered. He couldn't have a teenager having a temper tantrum amongst the dangerous materials in his lab.
Peter huffed and nudged the newspaper closer to Tony with his foot. "Just, look at it!"
"I don't need to," Tony wheeled himself back under the engine. How could he have avoided it? 'HOW MUCH DAMAGE THE AVENGERS HAVE CAUSED - FACTS AND FIGURES'. For all that his stomach churned at yet another reminder of how much they'd fucked up, it was easy to put on a show of not caring in front of the kid. "It's the same thing over and over."
"But it's - it's wrong!" Petter spluttered. "You're out there saving lives, and they're -"
"Stop right there," he interrupted. He didn't want to get into it further, not when it took them dangerously close to the Accords and he could not deal with that clusterfuck right now. "The media are vultures, kid. It isn't just the Avengers, it's anyone in the limelight. Hell, I bet you've seen some about Spider-Man, haven't you?"
"I - yeah, I guess, but..."
Tony adjusted a gear and then sighed, saying, "It comes with the territory. If you're gonna stick with this business, you better get used to it."
The teenager was silent for so long Tony wondered if he'd left, so he put down his wrench and wheeled back out. Peter was still there, his brow furrowed as he scrolled through something on his phone. Annoyance welled up in his chest; if all the brat was going to do was play on his phone, why even bother coming and wasting Tony's time? He was just about to say that when Peter's gaze snapped back to him, the anger from before replaced by determination.
"You don't have an Instagram account," he said.
Tony blinked, derailed momentarily. "I don't what?"
"You don't have Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat - not even Facebook though that's so old now," he muttered the last part.
"I have a whole PR team dedicated to social media," Tony frowned.
"For Stark Industries sure, but for Tony Stark? Zero. Zilch. Nada."
Realising Peter wouldn't let this go so easily, Tony pushed himself to his feet and reached for the towel on the nearby chair to wipe away some grease on his face and hands. "Do I look like I have time for social media? VIP, CEO, engineer, advisor-"
"You know, even the President has Twitter," Peter interrupted.
"What did I say about interruptions? And is the President a superhero?"
"... No?"
Tony narrowed his eyes and wondered about the education in schools. "Why did you hesitate?"
"I'm not - Mr Stark, come on! You're the foremost expert in all the latest tech and you're making a huge difference everywhere all over the world and it's just so crazy that you don't even have a social media account, 'cause you have no idea how many people would go mental over it -" he only fell silent when Tony held up a hand. The kid was looking a strange mixture of nervous and determined and Tony realised this meant quite a bit to the kid, for all that it seemed to be a recent idea.
"Tell me why I should then," he asked as he crossed his arms.
Peter bit his lip and then looked down at the newspaper. "You're Tony Stark - yeah, you're a billionaire who used to make weapons and drink and throw lots of parties, but you're developing cleaner energy and you donate so much to different charities and you save the world on a regular basis. You're a hero, Mr Stark," He looked ridiculously earnest now. The pain in Tony's chest felt like heartburn. "If people only see the bad stuff, they're not gonna remember the good. But if there was good stuff out there - stuff that made you more human, then people might change their minds."
Tony didn't reply because he wasn't sure what to say, but he did make a mental note to talk to Pepper about it later because it was true that they probably needed some good PR.

1.


Tony Stark Reveals A Few Hidden Talents, Tours the Avengers Compound and Introduces Us to Spider-Man


Stark Industries President Tony Stark, aka Iron-Man, invites Vogue into his home and answers 73 Questions. In this episode, Tony talks about life as an Avenger, shows off just how talented a singer he is and introduces us to his mentee slash adorable son, Spider-Man.

 
Good PR was why, a few weeks later, he was finishing 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fluff
Friendship
Social Media
Interview
Family
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Angst
Grief
Hospitals
Eavesdropping
The Ellen Show
Newspapers
Iron Dad
Spidey son
Daily Bugle
Bad Puns
WIRED
Surprises
Stark Industries
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt Pepper Potts
Hurt Happy Hogan
This may give you whiplash
Revenge
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
They finally get a hug
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Infinity War? what's that?
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

