Work Text:

“Remember, you’re representing Midtown while you’re here! I hope I don’t have to remind you all to be on your best behavior.” Mr. Harrington doesn’t seem worried, in that overly optimistic way teachers can be when they know they’ve just asked for the impossible.

“Which means no disappearing, 

Parker.

” Flash says from the seat behind Peter. The rest of the team laughs good-naturedly; Peter’s gotten better about that sort of thing since the homecoming disaster last year, and now it’s more a running joke than an actual annoyance.

Well, except for Flash, but these days Peter just kind of tunes him out. After the Snap, being brought back to life, and helping the Avengers with the fallout, Flash’s taunts kind of stopped mattering to him as much.  

Peter scrolls idly through his conversation with Johnny last night as he gets off the bus. He’s sure that once he gets a second cup of coffee in him, his boyfriend is going to be blowing up his phone all day; the Four are having some logistical meeting with government higher-ups and Johnny is being dragged along. Luckily, today is field trip day so no one will care too much if Peter’s on his phone.

Ned snorts as they walk off the bus. “At least he’ll behave himself when the teacher’s watching, so there’s that.”

It takes everything Peter has in him not to agree out loud, because Ned’s right but their classmates are all within earshot. Peter’s trying his hardest not to draw attention to himself. He’s already resigned himself to a day of heckling about his “fake” (completely real, now; it’s even on paper and everything!) internship with Mr. Stark, from Flash and, to a lesser extent, everyone else.

Well, a few hours at most actually, until someone inevitably recognizes Peter and proves that he does, in fact, work here.

But until that time, Peter would very much like to stay as far out of his classmates’ way as possible, universe, please and thank you. Having a spotlight is 

not

 his thing.

Plus, he’s actually really interested in this tour! Being an intern with Mr. Stark (and occasionally Ms. Potts, if Mr. Stark thinks she can use the help) is great, but he’s never gotten to see the tourist-y parts of the SI headquarters. Even when the tour guide-- if memory serves, her name is Ms. Kendall, but Peter doesn’t spend too much time with the tour guides --hands out the itinerary, Peter only vaguely remembers most of the labs they’re going to. All low level stuff, test labs, storage-labs-that-aren’t-really-meant-to-be-storage-labs-but-definitely-are-storage-labs, things most people would have access to and therefore, labs that have never even been a blip on Mr. Stark’s radar. Consequently, they’ve never been a blip on Peter’s either.

Midtown’s decathlon team won regionals this year, thanks to MJ’s spartan practice sessions, and first prize was a team trip to SI. MJ isn’t too happy about losing a training day to “support our capitalist overlords,” but everyone else is just as excited as Peter, or even more so.

“Alright everyone!” Ms. Kendall says, clapping her hands once to get their attention. “I’d like you to line up so we can get your badges for you.”

Did he say a few hours? He meant a few minutes, because, like an idiot, Peter had forgotten to account for FRIDAY. FRIDAY, who will definitely announce Peter and might possibly announce Ned as soon as the group gets put through security. Not the worst thing in the world, but... Oops.

They’re falling in line when Peter’s phone buzzes and his Starkwatch beeps quietly. Predictably, it’s Johnny.


Johnny <3: pete save me i beg u


Before he even finishes reading it, his phone buzzes again. And again. His watch beeps twice.


Johnny <3: this is so boringgggggggg



im not even 18 i cant sign the accords y am i here



Me: moral support for the adults??? ig???


“Tell him I said hi!” Ned whispers to Peter when he sees who he’s texting. “Unless that’s too weird. I should be used to him but I still don’t want to bug the 

Human Torch,

 you know?”


Me: also ned says hi!!!!!



Johnny <3: hi ned!



patrol after school?



Me: yes pls this is gonna be a Day(tm)


“I really don’t,” Peter says out loud. It’s true; he spends a lot of his time bothering the Human Torch, both in and out of costume. Plus Johnny’s always the one who starts it. Usually. Fifty-fifty. “But he says hi back. You coming over Friday night?”

Ned looks at him, a little confused. “But isn’t Friday date night?”

True but irrelevant, at least this week. May fourth waits for no man, even men who light on fire and stick to walls. “Johnny can come too, I know he’s got no plans. Come on, man, it’s Star Wars Day. It’s tradition! MJ came last year and we didn’t cancel for her!”

“But MJ isn’t--” 

Isn’t your boyfriend.

 Peter sighs, because now is not the time for them to have the 

no-my-boyfriend-isn’t-a-replacement-for-you-yes-you’re-still-my-best-friend

 conversation.

He realigns his thoughts to the current crisis, which is that 

Ned 

is tryi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
everyone is alive dw that's just to give a time frame
they're juniors now
Sassy Peter Parker
But also
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
and gets one!
Sensory Overload
Awesome Pepper Potts
may the fourth be with you (i say in june)
Trans Peter Parker
not explicitly stated but my peter is always trans
Probably Fake Science
Parent Tony Stark
very little spideytorch snark since its a field trip but
LOTS of johnny being a treasure bc i love him

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

