Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

“We won.” 

 

Steve breathed out a sigh of relief, shedding the tension of an excruciatingly long day. When he’d first woken up in this strange future – in between the moments he had spent in denial and later, mourning – he had imagined flying cars, the cure for all illnesses and, of course, the end of the war. No more fighting. 

 

Instead there’d been aliens, portals to other worlds and a fight far more bizarre than anything Steve could have imagined.

 

And now Loki was beaten, the portal closed and Tony was alive. The battle was won. He let the tension bleed out of him, allowing the post-battle euphoria to drown out the pain and fatigue dragging at his body. They all deserved some rest, after what they’d just been through.

 

That was, of course, when Tony jolted forward with a gasp, eyes incredibly wide and muscles tense enough to snap. At once Steve was at his side, Thor not far behind. 




“Tony! Tony, what’s wrong?!”

 

Tony didn’t answer and continued to gasp for air. His eyes twitched around aimlessly, not focusing on either of them. Was he having a seizure? 

 

Steve should have checked him over earlier. He’d fallen from the sky, of course he wasn’t alright. 

 

“Tony,” Thor said, “Speak to us.”

 

Steve kept his hand on Tony’s shoulder as he slowly calmed down. His eyes flickered to Thor, over to Hulk – looming over them to watch – and finally to Steve. 

 

Tony’s eyes widened, his mouth opening and closing without a word coming out. Steve was slightly disturbed at seeing him speechless. Tony 

always

 had something to say, whether it was socially appropriate or not. Steve leaned closer, anticipation growing as Tony struggled to speak, trying to form a sentence, trying to tell them–

 

“Where 

the fuck 

is your beard?”

 

… What?

 

Steve shared a glance with Clint, who shrugged. He had to have misheard. “What was that?”

 

But Tony had already directed his attention to Thor. He reached out to… touch his hair? What was he doing? Thor let it happen with a bemused glance. “s’nice, you should keep it like this.” Tony’s head turn upwards. “Hulk. Buddy. Pal. Nice to see you.”

 

The slur in his voice didn’t make Steve feel better. He leaned closer to Clint. “A concussion, maybe?”

 

“He fell out of the sky,” Clint gave back. “Maybe Hulk wasn't as gentle as he should have been. No offense, big guy,” he hurriedly added as Hulk gave a warning growl.

 

“You do not look well, my friend.” Thor’s concern shimmered through his kind smile. “We shall bring you to a healer and celebrate our victory to our hearts’ content!”

 

“How’d you grow it so fast?” Tony asked, for some reason unwilling to let the topic of Thor’s hairdo go. What was it with him and his sudden obsession with hair? “Wait, no. You said– Oh.” 

 

Steve blinked in surprise as all of the emotion on Tony’s face – confusion, mostly – shut down in the blink of an eye. 

 

“Tony? Look, we should bring you to the tower and–”

 

“Right. The tower. That means…” Tony muttered something under his breath, and Steve was just about to offer him a hand when he heaved himself up in his barely functional suit.

 

Steve wasn’t surprised when Tony’s steps turned out awkward and bulky – the suit had gone through an hours long battle, a trip to space and a free fall out of the sky. For some reason however, Tony was.

 

“Jesus 

Christ

, how much does this thing weight?!” He scowled down at it like it had personally offended his family. 

 

“Don’t worry,” Steve said, going for a reassuring tone. “I’m sure you can fix it later.”




“Like hell I will. This thing isn’t worth the scrap metal it’s made of.”

 

“Tony,” Clint chimed in, his voice carefully neutral. “Are you alright?” From the many things Tony was proud of, his suits had to be at the very top of the list. And now they were “scrap metal”?

 

“Sure. Never been better.” Tony proceeded to peel himself out of his armor with an energy Steve couldn’t explain. He’d nearly died only minutes ago. Steve was starting to get genuinely worried at how 

off 

Tony sounded.

 

“Where are we going?” Thor asked, falling into step with Tony as he made his way through the rubble that was left of the attack. The hand that wasn’t holding Mjolnir hovered close to Tony in fake casualness, ready to catch him, should he fall.

 

Tony’s answer – amazingly– gave them no explanation whatsoever. “You know, places to be, things to do. Try to keep up.”

 

They let the matter drop as soon as it got clear that they were heading towards the tower. Whatever was wrong with Tony, they’d be best equipped to help him there, rather than in the middle of the battlefield.

 

And they 

would

 help him. They wouldn’t stop being a team, now that the threat was beaten. 

 

Somewhere along the way, Hulk shrunk back into Bruce. “Erm. What did I miss?”

 
 

Tony’s behavior didn’t make any more sense once they’d reache
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Nebula & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Gamora & Nebula (Marvel)

freeform: 
Time Travel
Fix-It
Friendship
POV Outsider
Humor
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Nebula (Marvel)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Miscommunication
so much miscommunication
not the angsty kind tho
In This Fic We Love And Cherish All Canon Characters

fandom: 
Nebula & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Gamora & Nebula (Marvel)

