Work Text:
  Tony barely registered the time on the microwave in the kitchen as 02:29, and even then, his overly exhausted mind had only made a sound in his head that was suspiciously similar to a dial tone before dumping an entire tray of eight used coffee-mugs into the dishwasher.He vaguely noted that there were people in the living room, but he didn't really care who.Most of his houseguests usually left the room on principle whenever he showed up anyway. And, honestly? It made life much easier, no matter how depressed it secretly made him that his former teammates choose to freeze him out after everything they'd been through. Though Tony wasn’t in the right frame of mind to think about that, thank the gods. All Tony wanted was to pass out for a few hours – and the presence of any combination of the Rogues held no weight in his consideration to pass out in the common area’s living room. It was still his Tower after all.“Finally had enough?”Hearing that drawl usually had Tony stiffening up, though two months since Barnes’ arrival, Tony had it down to a tense. Progress. “What of it?” he grumbled back, face already mushed up against one of the throw pillows.“Nothin’," Barnes replied, all easy - unconcerned, amused? "Just wanna know if you need me to wake you up, or if this is just a cat-nap.”Someone else huffed, and even through crusty half-lidded eyes, Tony caught the flicker of red hair, followed by the heavy footfalls of a dramatic exit.Ah, he allowed himself the small smile. It's always a good time to annoy the shit out of people, dead tired or not.Turning his attention to the remaining person in the living room, Tony took stock of the Super Soldier’s soft-looking sweatpants and the off-grey Stark Industries shirt exposed thanks to the open zipper of his jacket, the material hanging limply at his sides as his arms rested on the back of the couch in what looked to be a mock of a waiting embrace, Tony delighted in the sudden thought that occurred to him, “Did I interrupt a rendezvous, Red October?”From his spot in the corner of the couch, Barnes snorted. “If you interrupted anything, doll, it was a murder.”“Oh?” Tony squinted at him. “I hope you weren’t planning to do it here – I have a strict, no blood in common areas, rule.”The man tilted his head thoughtfully. “So, you want me to get creative, is what I’m hearing?”He huffed out a laugh. ---When Tony woke up in his own bed, startled to find that he wasn’t in the living room, he hadn’t thought too much of it.Somehow, he even managed to ignore the fact that he was wearing a jacket to bed that he didn’t even own. ---It was a bad idea.But also, “Right there, ugh – did I swap out your metal fingers for those handheld massage things because wow.” Tony exhaled in relief as Barnes ran his digits into Tony’s hair.Tony wasn’t even sure how they got into his position.He thought it might be because Barnes had taken to commandeering the couch in the ‘shop, and Tony, migraine pounding in his skull from another of Maximoff’s temper tantrums, overestimated the distance of his flop on the couch and landed up with his head on Barnes’ lap.Not that the Super Soldier seemed to mind. Less than a second after, Barnes was petting his head and –“’fraid you can’t take any of the credit, sugar."“Can too," Tony pouts, "who made the arm?”Above him, Barnes snorted, then prodded to tease, "You been working too hard again, darlin'?""I wish," Tony huffed. "You try dealing with that red witch."Tony really should have thought better of that full-body pause. ---A couple of hours later, Maximoff was in the med bay. “Food poisoning,” Barnes informed, appropriately grave.Tony raised his brow causing the Super Soldier's expression to drop and a scowl to take it's place as Barnes huffed, “You said no blood. ---After finally having a full day off for what felt like the first time in years, Tony epiphany-ed way too late for a genius of his caliber, “Do you think he’s getting my guard down because he wants to murder me?”“He would’ve done it by now,” Friday mused.“That should comfort me, and yet…” ---His first normal enough response to a walking-talking human-equivalent of a wrecking ball being around exactly when Tony needed him, happened a few days after:“Don’t give me that look, coffee is not considered a food group," Barnes defended.Granted, it was rather depressing to immediately be suspicious of any form of kindness offered to Tony, but what else was he supposed to think when Barnes – in addition to apparently carrying him to bed, and petting his head when he didn’t feel good and going for some innocent revenge, also happened to be bringing Tony’s meals in what was probably a regular basis considering how the bots greeted him at the doors?“- and don’t even try and sell me that ‘I’m not hungry’ shit,” the former Hydra assassin continued, unaware or completely ignoring Tony’s wary look. “you wouldn’t be thinkin’ about licking that carburetor otherwise.”“First of all, what I do with my tongue is 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pre-Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & James "Bucky" Barnes

freeform: 
Reality makes Bucky sad
Bucky tries to be a good person
Tony makes him sad
not on purpose
Bucky exploits loopholes
references to previous entries
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Clint Friendly
Bucky takes care of Tony
Pre-WinterIron
but the suggestion is there
Team is not family
The Avengers Have Issues
Pet Names

fandom: 
Pre-Tony Stark/James "Bucky" Barnes - Relationship
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & James "Bucky" Barnes

