Work Text:
The car is cold despite the heater cranking along and the jacket around his shoulders. The window feels like ice against his forehead from resting his head against the glass. He’d fallen asleep staring at the passing highway, trying to avoid the driver’s eyes.Steve looks over at him. Bucky sees Steve’s gaze reflected in the widow and closes his eyes again, feigning sleep. He keeps his breaths slow and steady.The car begins to decelerate as Steve switches lanes and drives onto the exit. Bucky keeps up his act, feigning sleep like a kid who wants to be carried into the house by his parents after a long car ride. They stop at a BP for gas.Steve shuts the car door softly and begins to fill up the tank, leaving Bucky alone in the passenger seat. The keys are still in the ignition. This is his chance. He could run. He could open the passenger door and take off before Steve even notices he’s gone. He could disappear into the nearby woods, hotwire a car, steal a few wallets, and he’d be home free. Steve would never find him. Not if Bucky didn’t want him to.But, hell, he could have run miles ago. He doesn’t know what he’s waiting for.Bucky screws his eyes shut again as the car door opens once more. Steve slips in and closes it as quietly as possible, keeping up the façade that Bucky is still asleep. He drives down the dark road and past a Budget Inn, past houses, decrepit lots, car dealerships, a doughnut shop, and a post office before he finally pulls into a parking lot outside a burger joint.Steve stops the car and turns off the engine.“Hey,” he says quietly, turning to look at Bucky. “We’re here.”Bucky makes a show of stretching and yawning as he pretends to awaken. “Where are we?” he asks, as if he hasn’t been reading the road signs on the highway.“Ohio,” Steve says. “Come on. Let’s get something to eat.” He slams the car door shut behind him. Bucky looks down at his robotic arm and pulls his glove on tighter, making sure there’s no glint of metal visible from underneath his sleeve. He curls his hand into a fist. Steve’s waiting on him.Swallowing a sigh, Bucky opens the car door and trails behind Steve into the burger joint.Steve orders two dozen sliders and a few servings of French fries from a guy with a full sleeve tattoo who doesn’t seem to recognize him as Captain America. He motions for Bucky to choose a table while he pays for their dinner.Bucky chooses a spot in the corner, the most defensible in the entire restaurant, with a good view of the windows and the few late-night patrons. He sits with his back to the wall so Steve will have to sit with his back to the others. He winces as he sits down, feeling his cracked rib send a jolt of pain in his abdomen. It should heal up soon.When Steve joins him, carrying a tray loaded with a mountain of fries and their burgers and drinks, he sets the food down in front of Bucky and pushes half of it across the table.“Eat up,” Steve says, not hesitating to dig in himself.Bucky stares at the food in front of him. His stomach feels like a rock, cold and hard and shriveled up.“Eat,” Steve says, in a tone that reminds Bucky of himself, back in the day, back when Steve was skinny and –He sighs and takes a bite, if only so Steve won’t say it again.“I was thinking we should go north,” Steve says in an undertone, after he’s scarfed down a few burgers. He isn’t looking at Bucky. He stares down at the map in his lap, his eyelashes curled long and dark against his cheek. He has bags under his eyes like dark bruises.“Why north?” Bucky asks. He’d like to go somewhere warm for once.“My friend spent some time up in Canada when he was on the run from the army,” Steve says.“Is there a safehouse?” Bucky asks. He wonders if it ever occurred to Steve to set up safehouses across the country. He’ll learn, after this, Bucky will teach him if he has to, to set up drop points and safe houses, to create identities and become them as seamlessly as breathing. Steve probably never considered that he’d need one before.“Natasha offered—“ Steve starts, but Bucky cuts him off.“If she knows it, it isn’t safe,” Bucky says quietly. His voice feels heavy and rough, like he has a sore throat that won’t clear. He dips a fry into some ketchup and pops it into his mouth so he doesn’t have to answer Steve’s questioning look.“I trust her,” Steve says. Of course he does. Steve trusts Bucky right now, for whatever reason.“That’s why they’ll expect her to help you,” Bucky says. “They’ll be monitoring all contact, and even she isn’t good enough to completely avoid their scrutiny.”“Do you have anywhere in mind?” Steve asks, looking up just quickly enough to catch Bucky’s eye. He tries not to flinch away from Steve’s gaze. He passes Bucky the map over the table.Bucky’s fingers itch as he takes the map, thinking of all the safehouses dancing in the back of his brain, places where the right people could find him again, places he could lure Steve and collect his –“I don’t know,” Bucky shrugs, handing the map b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Road Trips
Winter Soldier - Freeform
Reunions
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Healing
Arm Porn
Explicit Sexual Content
Slow Burn
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
jossed because it took me so long

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

