Chapter 1



Notes:
This is a prompt from the Captain America kink meme, in which Bucky hallucinates Steve's presence after the fall from the train and onward through his reprogramming by HYDRA.  So basically, a world of sad Bucky and hallucinatory Steve feels.  I hope you enjoy it!A huge thank you to Lady_Clow and Kana_Go for assisting in the Russian translations in this fic.  Without their assistance, it would have been a horrible mess of Google translate gibberish.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
The fall is the first thing Bucky loses, lying in the snow.  It won’t be the last.He is hanging from the train, Steve shouting for him, and he is in the cold, staring up at the sky.  It isn’t the blink of an eye and it isn’t a split second.  It’s instantaneous, one reel of film spliced to another.  His mind might make that comparison if it remembered the word film, if it were capable of doing anything but drifting in and out and hurting. The pain ebbs and flows: sharp and cold and stabbing, tears in his eyes that soon freeze on his face, then a dull ache down to the bones—not all the bones ache, some are gone, and if he could focus he’d panic—before the cycle starts again and the snow doesn’t numb a thing.Other memories begin to leak like the blood welling out of everywhere, bubbling up around his nose and in his throat with each shuddering, shallow breath, collecting at the back of his head and making the pounding, scrambling headache all the worse.  He’s losing the train now, the name of the first girl he dated and the dress she wore when they went out, the World’s Fair, the time strapped to Zola’s table, the taste of his mother’s meatloaf, the faces of half of the Howling Commandos.   The name of the boy who got stage fright and puked on Bucky’s shoes in the third grade Christmas pageant.  The toppings on a Coney dog.They drift away like snowflakes, but the snow here isn’t soft, it’s hard, digging into his torn up flesh like tiny knives, shards of ice and shrieking winds shredding battered skin.  The cold slows the blood, but there’s no other reprieve.  It feels as if his skin is shrinking, crystallizing, like his body is too broken and jumbled to be contained now, about to tear through and go to pieces on the ground.  He can’t remember why he’s on the ground.  All he can remember is the gun Steve threw to him, Steve saving him.“Steve…”Things go dark, numb, and he can’t be sure if he’s sleeping or if a part of his brain is shutting down, frost-bitten, dead.  But his eyes do open, maybe hours later, maybe weeks, and when they do, Steve is there.“Bucky,” he says, and his voice sounds like things Bucky can remember, drinking together or walking around at a dance hall or not making bloody icicles in the snow.  “When I said I’d look after you from now on, I didn’t mean you should test that.”Bucky smiles, a mouthful of teeth stained red, and it hurts.  He tries to reach out to Steve, but he can’t feel his arm.  It’s too cold.  Everything is cold save for his blood and Steve’s smile.  “Took you…long enough…to deliver…ya punk,” he manages, feeling his ribs clink around inside with each word.  “I’d…say I’m…too proud…to…ask for…a piggy back…ride, but…”  He tries to shrug and holds in a scream.  Maybe he doesn’t hold it.  His body feels full of holes and maybe it just found an out that didn’t travel through his throat.“Can’t help you there, Buck,” Steve says, and of course he can’t, Bucky’s almost twice Steve’s size, why had he thought otherwise?  It feels like something ought to have changed, but everything feels wrong now, and Steve’s always been the scrawny one; the cold must be getting to him even more than he thought to believe that status quo’s shifted.  “You’re gonna have to move yourself.  You’ve got to, okay? You need to get outta the elements.”Steve is smiling, but it’s the smile he wears when he tries to shrug off an asthma attack or act like having his face pounded into the dirt isn’t a big deal.Bucky tries.Tries harder than anything in his life—more than he tried to make Steve smile after the first army rejection, more than he tried to win at that rigged ring toss from the fair when they were kids, more than he tried to avoid whatever did this to him, probably—and he lasts half a second before he’s sobbing and collapsed.  One arm is so broken it feels like a sock full of marbles.  The other arm he can’t feel.  And that’s without getting into everything else.  “I can’t,” he gasps, and he can’t look at Steve, can’t bear to let him down when he’s already made such a mess.  “I’m sorry, Steve, I can’t—”“It’s okay.”  Bucky can see Steve’s hand on his face but he can’t feel it, and he can’t decide if that’s a blessing that spares him more pain or the worst part of everything happening.  “It’s okay.  The guys are gonna find us.  We’ll be laughing this off over a round before you know it.”The dark slips in before Bucky can protest, then slips out, and there and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Gore
Blood and Gore
Torture
Psychological Torture
Brainwashing
Abuse
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Starvation
Suicidal Thoughts
Self-Harm
Stockholm Syndrome
Healing
Hurt/Comfort
Angst and Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

