Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:
Welcome to my new Iron Dad story! I usually post new chapters on Monday afternoons, between 12-2 EST. :)Rated: T for languageRelationships: Tony Stark and Peter Parker, Tony Stark/ Pepper Potts, more to be added later.This story will (mostly) follow the MCU canon timeline.

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
Translation into Russian available HEREAll My Life Fan Video HEREI’m Coming Home Fan Video HERE 

 Shrugging out of his Armani suit jacket, Tony slid into backseat of the air-conditioned rental car, sinking into the plush leather seat as Rhodey climbed in from the opposite side. Tony let out a sigh as he loosened the pink and purple silk tie around his neck and unbuttoned the top button of his dress shirt. Leaning his head against the headrest, he closed his eyes and absentmindedly rubbed his palm over his chest, over the spot where Senator Stern had accidentally-on-purpose poked him with his commendation pin during the ceremony."You know," he said in Rhodey's direction. "That Stern really is a first-class asshole.""Eh," replied Rhodes. "I've seen worse. The U.S. Military has more than its fair share of overstuffed egos. Especially in the higher ranks."Tony glanced down at his shirt, rubbing his thumb over the tiny bloodstain where the pinprick had broken his skin. "Yeah, but look at this." Twisting in his seat, he pointed to the mark. "He drew blood! You know, I should sue his ass. Five billion dollars for bodily injury, and five more for associated pain and suffering. See how his colleagues in the Armed Forces Committee like that. Not to mention this shirt cost about $500, so—""So get it dry cleaned," Rhodes stated. "No harm, no foul. It'll be good as new.""Ah, I hate dry cleaning. So many bad chemicals, and they never smell the same afterwards." Tony shook his head. "I'll ask Pepper, I'm sure she knows—""Where to, boss?" Happy interrupted from the driver's seat as he merged onto the traffic-laden freeway."Airport please, Happy," Tony groaned, leaning back against the seat. "Pepper and I have reservations for dinner tonight. And I need a drink.""You can drop me off at the Pentagon first," said Rhodes. "Some of us need to get back to work.""Aww, come on!" whined Tony. "You don't think you've earned a couple days leave after that whole drone mess?""It's not up to me, Tony," said Rhodes firmly. "Unlike you, I have people I need to report to."Shrugging, Tony closed his eyes. "You could always retire, you know."Rhodes let out a sarcastic chuckle. "Yeah, sure. And do what? Come and work for you?""Eh. It's not a dumb idea.""Yeah, it's not a smart idea either," Rhodes muttered. "At least in the Air Force I somewhat know what to expect on a day to day basis. No offense, Tony, but you're a complete wild-card. You'd give me a heart attack before the end of my first week.""Then I'd just build you new heart," Tony countered. "It can't be that hard.""Uh huh. Why don't you worry about your own heart issues first, then come talk to me."Tony tapped against the new arc reactor securely nestled inside his chest wall. "Hey, I'm good to go. No more palladium, no more poisoning. I'm a new man.""And hopefully no more idiotic, self-destructive behavior," added Rhodes. "But we can only hope."Tony gave another shrug. "You wouldn't know what to do with me otherwise. Besides, you can't deny that I definitely make your life less boring.""Hmph," came Rhodey's reply. "Boring's not always bad, you know."As per usual, the D.C. traffic was heavy, and with the sunlight streaming in through the windows both men nearly dozed off as Happy wiggled the Audi sedan through the crowded freeway lanes. They were within sight of the Pentagon exit when Tony's phone rang, causing him to jump."Probably another goddamn reporter. I'm gonna need to change my number again," Tony grumbled, digging around in his suit jacket for the phone. Pulling it from the inside pocket, his brow furrowed as he noticed the caller ID listing with a New York City area code."Tony Stark," he barked into the phone."Mr. Stark?" said the New York-accented voice of a harried-sounding woman. Tony could make out the dull buzz of telephones ringing and other voices in the background."Yeah? Last time I checked," answered Tony, wincing as Rhodey elbowed him the ribs."Polite, Tony!" he hissed. "Be polite!"Rolling his eyes, Tony cleared his throat. "This is Tony Stark. Can I help you?""I hope so," the woman said. "My name is Rita Wilson, and I'm calling from the Department of Social Services in Queens, New York. I have some important questions to ask you, regarding—""Excuse me, Ms Wilson," Tony interrupted. He rubbed his palm over the pinprick on his chest, trying to keep his temper intact. He was so sick and tired of rehashing the Expo drone attack. "But let me stop you right there. I have already spoken with the Queens Chief of Police, and The New York Times, and released an official statement to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Post-Iron Man 2
Kid Peter Parker
Parent Tony Stark
Iron Dad
spider son
Iron dad and Spider son
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Father-Son Relationship
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Implied/Referenced Childhood Emotional Abuse
Panic Attacks
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Fluff and Angst
Avengers Family
Adopted Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Sam Wilson
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

