Chapter 1: Chapter One: One Woman Army
    


Notes:
If you wanna rumbleAll you gotta do is askI'm a rude bitch, boyCan you handle that?~One Woman Army - Porcelain Black




Chapter Text
He didn’t stop the slow smirk from gracing his lips as his cobalt eyes danced in merriment at the sight before him. Hydra’s Siberian base had been reduced to rubble, a large fire still smouldering in the distance. He wasn’t the one to cause the destruction, but he made a mental note to send a basket of mini muffins once he found out who did. While presenting him with his own basket, his newest friend, Darcy Lewis, told him that mini muffins were a great “ice breaker”. And delicious.It had been two years since the battle at Triskelion, and James Buchanan Barnes had almost made a full recovery from the horrors Hydra had subjected him to. He had made many new friends who genuinely wanted to help him, and once he was deemed “fit”, was even offered a position with the Avengers. He jumped at the opportunity to be able to right his wrongs, or as Natalia Natasha would always say, wipe out the red from his ledger. He clenched his fist and his jaw tightened as unbidden memories of his past transgressions flooded his mind.The light sound of footsteps crunching through the fresh snow broke him from his trance. He turned from the destruction in front of him, coming face to face with the only memory that he was stil unable to fully revive.His heart leaped into his throat as he inhaled a sharp breath. She was here. Her beautiful long white hair, fierce silver eyes, and the ever present frown on her pale lips. Her sweet scent of cherry blossoms was dampened by the smell of gun powder and gasoline. She was the one who had destroyed the Hydra base.He briefly wondered how she wasn’t frozen, standing in the cold Siberian winter in just a black tank top and cargo pants, her feet bare. He knew that the answer was locked away in his subconscious.“You forgot me,” she accused. Her voice rough from disuse.But oh what joy the sound of her voice brought him. It had been so long since he had heard it. He closed his eyes briefly, savouring the three small words she spoke. What he wouldn’t do to hear her speak, even if it was to berate him.“Please,” he begged. “Help me remember. I need to remember.”He opened his eyes as his heavy boots moved towards her without his consent, his metal arm reaching out to her earnestly.Although she did not move towards him, she did not flinch when his metal fingers curled possessively around her wrist. The frown did not leave her lips, but he could see the joy in her eyes when he made physical contact with her. Though the feeling in his metal hand was different from his flesh hand, he could still feel the heat radiating off the white haired beauty. It was comforting, her warmth. A memory flashed before him of being held close to her naked flesh, when we woke from the frozen abyss that was his cryogenic tomb. She cared for him, as he did for her.After a few silent moments she broke eye contact, to stare at the flames behind him.“I did this for you,” she stated, pointing her chin towards the chaos.Bucky didn’t turn, instead opting to keep his eyes on her. His flesh hand moved to push a stray piece of white hair away from her eyes. He slid the hand slowly along her cheek and jawline, finally coming to rest on the base of her neck. He saw a shiver run through her body as his hand danced along her flesh, knowing that it had nothing to do with the bitter Russian winter. They had chemistry. If only he could remember her name!“I know,” he replied, his voice thick with emotion. “Please tell me your name.”Her eyes met his again, a slow mischievous smirk forming on her lips.“Bucky.”“What?” He frowned in confusion.“Bucky,” she answered again. Only this time her voice was deeper than before.He quickly let her go as her body began to slowly dissolve away. Panic set in when he realized what was happening.“Please, I need to know your name,” he spoke again, trying desperately to avoid the inevitable.“Time to wake up, Soldier,” her disembodied voice taunted.His body began to shake as his dreamworld quickly faded into darkness.
 “Buck, please wake up,” a desperate voice called out to him.Bucky bolted up, inhaling sharply as he woke from his dream, his head smashing into something incredibly hard. He brought both hands up to cradle his head, twin groans of pain echoing the dark bedroom.“Fuck Stevie, I told you not to wake me up like that,” Bucky scolded, eyes still closed in pain.A warm hand came to rest over his metal hand, while fingers gently combed through his unruly hair. The smell of pine trees and leather invaded his senses, reminding him that his fellow Alpha, his lover, his everything, was here with him.“You were dreaming about her again.” Steve voice was gentle and encouraging.Steve knew about the mysterious woman who haunted Bucky’s dreams. He would try to help Bucky remember her, talking him through scenarios that may have happened
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
OT3
Eventual Smut
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Explicit Sexual Content
Explicit Language
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Substance Abuse
Alternate Universe - Everyone Lives/Nobody Dies
Blow Jobs
Vaginal Fingering
Bisexual Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Bisexual Female Character
Daddy Issues
Light Dom/sub
Threesome - F/M/M
Polyamory
Blood and Violence
Dark Elves
Tony Is a Good Bro
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Daddy Kink
Sexting
Anal Sex
Vaginal Sex
Double Penetration
Human Trafficking
Non-Graphic Rape/Non-Con

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Jane Foster/Thor
Darcy Lewis/Loki
Bruce Banner/Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

