Chapter 1: The Fight
    




Chapter Text
“Peter! Watch out!” Tony had yelled.
Peter groaned internally, happy it wasn’t out load and hadn’t gone through the coms. Tony was being far too overprotective again. Peter had known the missile was heading his way. His spider sense had picked up ages ago, and he was out of the way the moment he sensed it.
But of course, his dad didn’t seem to remember that. Ever since he had gotten out of the soul stone, Tony was a worry-wart. Any battle, anything even reminiscent of danger and Tony was worried about Peter. It had gone too far. He knew his dad was only trying to keep him safe, but just a few weeks ago, they had proven he could lift 13 tons of weight with Shuri. Now Tony was worried about every day battles that weren’t even involving super-humans.
The battle that day was simply caused by three guys who had managed to steal some missiles and their firing mechanisms from the government. They were threatening to destroy buildings, and Peter had a healthy sense of the danger involved, but knew this was an easy job.
Peter could handle it. He knew he could.
But Tony had even called Thor in on the job, even though Peter could have probably handled it on his own without Tony or Thor there. It was a little insulting, but Peter was trying to be as patient as possible, because they both had their scars from what had happened. No matter how patient he tried to be, though, it was still getting under his skin that his dad didn’t trust him.
“I’m fine, dad.” Peter replied, trying to sound as calm as possible. The middle of a battle was nowhere to get into an argument, and Peter knew that.
Tony, of course, had picked up on it. “Do I hear an attitude coming from golden child Peter Parker Stark?”  
It was meant as a joke, but it bothered Peter anyways. “Yeah, well, how about we focus on this fight instead of talking since you’re so worried I’m gonna be hit?”
There was literal radio silence and Peter knew he had just fucked up. “Excuse me?” Tony said, slowly.
“Is everything alright?” Thor asked, as he shot lighting at a missile that was coming towards them. Thor looked, for lack of a better word, bored, which Peter completely understood.
“Everything’s fine. You bored?” Peter asked him.
“A little.” Thor admitted.
“Well, I can end this then.” Peter said. He jumped down off of a roof, and then off of a missile, ignoring the cry from Tony. As soon as he touched the ground, he knocked the three men out, webbing them up as he did so. “Got them.” He called out.
“Peter Parker Stark!” Tony yelled. “You can’t just do shit like that. You could have been hurt!”
Peter’s frustration was too high for Tony to be chastising him now.
“Last I checked, I was Spider-man, Tony.” Peter snapped. “It comes with the job description.”
“Yeah, and being Spider-man means you stay alive, not jumping head first into danger.”
“I was fine!” Peter yelled. “I am fine! I caught the bad guys!”
“Indeed, he did.” Thor said. “Good work, Peter.”
“Don’t praise him.” Tony said, and Peter’s jaw dropped in shock. “He put himself at risk.”
“The guy was throwing missiles at us! We were all at risk!” Peter said.
“Yeah and you put yourself into more danger by jumping off of one of them that could have exploded at any moment!”
“I’ve done way worse!”
“Which is not okay!”
“I have to be able to do my job, Tony!”
“Keep this up and I’m taking the suit!” Tony yelled, his voice sharper than Peter had heard it in a long time.
Peter physically took a step back. Tony hadn’t threatened to take the suit since Peter was fifteen, back when Peter had been trying to stop the Vulture. The threat hung in the air thickly, and Peter felt his anger grow.
“I’ll see you back at the Tower.” Peter said, and webbed away without another word. He didn’t want to say anything he would regret.
“You think you can just web away from me?” Tony said, through the coms. Peter groaned, knowing that Tony wouldn’t let this go.
“Don’t you two actual Avengers have to put the guy in jail or something?” Peter asked. “You said keep myself safe. I’m safe in the Tower.”
“Thor and I are handling the bad guy, but there is no reason for you to be acting so pissy about nothing!”
“Oh, yeah. No reason to act pissy, huh?” Peter said, as he webbed through the streets of New York. “It’s not like you’re always letting me fight bad guys and having faith in my powers or anything! Jesus, Dad, Its almost like when I had my strength tests, I only lifted 13 pounds instead of 13 tons!”
“Peter! You know I am just trying to keep you safe.” Tony said. “You used to be fine with that.”
“I’m not fine you babying me, dad!” Peter said, about halfway to the Tower. “You never did that before! I’m still Spider-man no matter what has happened in the past!”
“It’s not babying, it’s keeping you safe.” Tony insisted.
“I beg to differ.”
“Jesus, Peter. You need to chill out about this. I’m your dad and what I say goes.”
“Yeah, well you’re acting way too protective to be the dad I know.” Peter said. “Karen, shut down
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Sequel
Part 2
Parent Tony Stark
post: infinity war
Infinity War spoilers
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Overprotective Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
past references to suicide
Past references to bodily harm
Nightmares
Panic Attacks
Swearing
There is swearing
be warned

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

