Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Okay, it’s not working out. I’m gonna need the suit back.” These ten words were enough to break Peter Parker’s heart into two. He knew he had made a mistake, but it didn’t warrant an action like this. Mr. Stark couldn’t take the suit. He just couldn’t.“For how long?” Peter asked, desperate. “Forever,” Mr. Stark declared. Something sank in Peter’s chest. “No,” he weakly started, “no, no, please, please-”“Let’s have it,” Tony asked again, clearly not in the mood for arguing any more. “No, you don’t understand!” Peter exclaimed, “I’m nothing without this suit.”Something clicked in his mentor’s eyes and Peter hoped maybe, maybe he had said the right thing. “If you’re nothing without this suit,” Tony started in a determined voice, “then you shouldn’t have it, okay?” Yep, definitely not the right thing to say. Peter couldn’t think of anything more to say. The best thing that had happened to him had just been ripped apart from him. The thing that gave him purpose, that made him get out of bed in the morning. Gone.  No,  a voice in Peter’s head said bitterly, not gone. Lost because of your own fault.  How could he argue with Mr. Stark? He wasn’t doing anything wrong after all. Peter had just killed hundreds of people and this seemed to dawn on him at this moment. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, not being able to decide what to say to make this situation even a little better. Deciding against it, Peter mumbles, “I don’t have any other clothes on me.” Tony looked the boy over but he couldn’t decide what was going on in his brain behind the mask he put on. “Okay,” Tony started, “I’ll take care of that, c’mon.” --Peter dejectedly knocked on his Aunt’s door clad in a cheap tourist shop T-shirt and shorts. Mr. Stark had offered him a ride home but Peter, too embarrassed by what he was wearing and what he had just done had just shook his head no and walked away. He didn’t look back at the older man, didn’t see his concerned look as he watched the young boy walk and turn into in alley, didn’t see his Mr. Stark rub his hand over his face, sigh and walk back to his car. Peter had relied on muscle memory to walk home because his mind was somewhere else. He couldn’t stop thinking of what had just happened. The events still hadn’t sunk in for him and he knew that things would get messy when the full impact of it came. For now though, he was just exhausted. He didn’t want anything to do but crash. As soon as he saw Aunt May open the door and look at her nephew up and down, Peter knew he had to wait a long while before he could lock himself up in his bedroom. “Peter, what happened?” Aunt May asked, concerned. Peter just shook his head as he walked inside the apartment and took a seat at the dining table, too tired to keep standing. Aunt May followed him inside and sighed at the young boy’s appearance. She couldn’t help but feel frustrated at this moment. He looked shabby and was wearing oversized tourist shop clothes. She didn’t know anything about what has been going on with him lately and she voiced this out to him. Peter just sighed, trying to control his breathing and keep his tears at bay. This angered May even more, so she continued, “You’ve been sneaking out at night, I ran into your physics teacher at the supermarket and he says he hasn’t been seeing you in class lately! Imagine my surprise, Peter, because I had to tell him I have been sending my nephew to school every day with a goddamn goodbye kiss!” May was seething and Peter couldn’t take it. He couldn’t do it anymore, couldn’t keep anymore secrets, couldn’t disappoint another person he loved and respected. It was no use to stop the tears any longer. Peter was too frustrated and angry and everything inside him bubbled up and-“I’m Spiderman!”...It was out. Fuck. A moment of silence descended over the Parker household. Nothing moved, except Peter’s shaking form and May’s trembling lips. “W-What?” May stuttered out. Peter looked up at his aunt and could feel his heart break at how shocked and offended she looked. “I mean, not anymore,” Peter started to explain, “Mr. Stark took away my suit today after he saved the ferry and-”“The ferry?” May cut him off with a whisper. A look of recognition came to May’s eyes as she connected the dots between the news she had been watching on the TV and the young boy, no, she corrected herself, Spiderman, standing in front of her. “Y-you were at the f-ferry?”“I-I,” Peter tried to answer but he couldn’t find the right words to say. For the second time today, he thought.So Peter resorted to staring at the ground. This is not how he wanted May to find out, at all. There were supposed to be tears and anger, but it was to end in hugs and love and support. Peter looked up and started his apology but before he could get a word out, May spoke up, “What else?” She stared right at Peter, her hands wrung together, squeezing each other to ground herself. Her mind was a muddled puddle, she couldn’t form full se
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Poor Peter Parker
Homelessness
May Parker finds out
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
alternative storyline from the ferry incident
Peter Parker Whump
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
not in the beginning tho
dark may parker
just a little bit
Sick Peter Parker
Bullying
more of a peter-centric fic
but tony does come!!
and he's worth the wait tbh
No MJ
Peter Parker Has Issues
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Feels
Heavy Angst
Whump
ooc may parker
non-canon compliant from chapter 8 ish
basically the hurt/comfort takes over
big time
Depressed Peter Parker
Suicidal Thoughts
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

