Chapter 1: a tired kind of sixteen
    


Summary:

just some prelude.  welcome to tony in all his sorta-depressed, lonely glory. (psa: the first few chapters are terrible bear with me from 2018)



Notes:
i know i always apologize for how awful i am at posting new chapters.  but this time i am being proactive :')

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 
people like you must be the world's loneliest creatures / 
your silences, your own wilderness / 
where they all come with promises that they will be / 
the one that gets you to stay. /
people who will melt / their bones down into currency / 
and will want to conquer you but / never claim. / 
you are the kind of person they chase / 
not because they actually want you / 
but to prove that they can catch you. / 
what they haven't learned / are all the times you've broken your own heart / 
on their behalf, those clumsy hunters / 
who never know the right sequence of words / 
to do the job properly.
- safia elhillo, "what you said to me instead." poem slightly altered to fit this storyline. 1.Sometimes Tony wonders if people can feel the black trail he leaves behind him, touting all his failures and mistakes.  He imagines an oil spill, thick and murky, his hands and teeth and elbows slicked with it as if he's fallen into the mud.  Wonders if that's the real reason why some of them throw nasty looks his way when he gets too close, why strangers he's never seen before sneer at him and objectify him with narrowed eyes.  But then he remembers the reputation he's built for himself as slutty rich prick of the school and realizes - and how could he forget? - that no one likes Tony Stark. Sure, he's good for his open wallet and skill in bed, but past that it's just a load of anxiety, coping issues, and bad jokes that tend to rub people all wrong.  Who wants a sixteen-year-old troublemaker with a no-filter mouth and a brain too quick for his own good?  Not his parents, not his classmates, and definitely not SHIELD boarding school, which probably only accepted him because his IQ is off the charts and Howard was willing to pay anything to get rid of his only son.It's been two and a half months since the start of the school year, now, and nothing has changed.  Becky and Annika, who particularly like Tony's brand of sweet-talk, call him up on the weekends to stop by their dorms.  And then there's Justin Hammer, who seems to alternate between trying to weasel out some cash and making fun of him. It doesn't bother Tony though...or at least he tells himself that.  So what if he doesn't have any real friends? He's got Rhodey, who's a senior back at home, and Pepper - who's also from home and is his age - and they don't go to SHIELD but he doesn't really need people anyway.  And besides, Becky and Annika and all their cute, slightly overly-giggly friends are fun to hang out with when he's got nothing else to do on Friday nights. It's a lot better than being home, that's for sure. He can't surround himself with people and beer and laughter in the achingly empty mansion everyone says they would've died to grow up in.In fact, Tony's on his own right now on this bright Saturday morning in November.  He's flat on his back in the rarely frequented SHIELD gardens, watching a flock of birds wing across a sky that's so blue it hurts to look at it, and feeling strangely separate from his body.  Maybe it's the absence of clouds that's making the blue seem like it could swallow him right up, as if his skin and teeth and hair would just meld into the air like vapor.Tony shuts his eyes against the sunbeams and feels an ant crawling over his bare ankle, and feels everything and anything and nothing at all -"Holy shit, are you dead?"Tony cracks one eye open to see a silhouette of a head hovering above him like Satan's come to pluck him off the earth and take him to hell.  Except this person doesn't have devil horns, only sandy brown hair and a squint on his face as if he's never seen someone try to nap around campus before."Nope, not dead," the boy says cheerfully.  He looks to be around Tony's age, and Tony feels the vague recognition of having spotted this face around the school before, but he's not present enough to care.  "You're Tony Stark, right?"Tony makes a face, still lying down on the grass.  "What's it to you?""Nothing yet," the boy replies, his expression suddenly shifting to comically serious.  "Haven't decided what I've thought about you yet. Except from other people.""Great," Tony says, his mood worsening at the thought of what this guy could've heard.  Slut, maybe.  Or - from those who had actually gotten a taste of the great Tony Stark and could therefore appreciate him more - fantastic in bed.  "Know-it-all" was also a descriptor that a rare few remembered to mention."So far you seem alright, just a little grumpy.  Understandable; it's ridiculously hot for November."  The other boy flashes a quick smile. "I'm Clint Barton.""I'd s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Has Daddy Issues
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Angst
Angst
Angst and Feels
Emotional Hurt
Angst with a Happy Ending
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
important note:
abuse is not always physical
Alternate Universe - High School
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Fluff and Angst
Getting to Know Each Other
Getting Together
Misunderstood Tony
Misunderstood Tony Stark
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Whump
Emotional Whump
Misjudged tony stark
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Protective Bucky Barnes
Avengers as family
eventually

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

