Chapter 1: Who do you tell?
    




Chapter Text
Exhausted.. Peter was exhausted, shaken up and still scared as he swung his way back to the tower Pepper, Tony, Happy and him called home. The other avengers have been on missions or at the compound upstate for a while now. Tony didn't want to uproot Peter from his school, his life and his friends. Once May died Tony swore to Peter he would do anything to keep him happy and safe, along with Pepper. The past few years have been going great, until tonight.

Peter landed on the platform tony usually used to take off his iron man suit and just collapsed. How could this of happened? He kept thinking to himself. Should he tell someone? How do you tell a parent something like this?


Peter pushed himself up and opened the door to his home, it was quiet besides some music coming from downstairs, he assumed it was Tony in his workshop. Tony has been working in the shop a lot recently on peters new spider-man suit.

“Sweetheart are you just getting in?” Pepper said looking at her watch “Its past curfew honey” she said wrapping her robe around herself more

“I'm sorry..I..I lost t..track of time?” peter avoided her eyes

“are you okay? I haven't seen that suit for a long time baby” she took a step forward which made peter take two steps back

“yeah mom... I'm okay” he said not taking off his mask

“Okay..well your dad is in the workshop, but you better get your butt to bed before he finds out you are just getting in” pepper blew him a kiss and went back to her room

Peter sighed and walked to his room closing the door behind him. Pulling off his mask he walked over to the bathroom to take a look at himself he hated what he seen
“damn it..” He rubbed his face which was forming black and blue marks all over along with supported blood coming from his noise, lip, and a popped blood vessel in his eye it looked like. How was he going to explain this he thought as he changed out of his suit and into sweat pants and an iron man T-shirt.

He didn't have the suit on when it happened, and he knew his dad didn't know any of this happened because THIS wasn't the suit his father gave him, no this was the homemade suit peter first made. No, peter wasn't wearing this when it happened. He was wearing street clothes with his backpack on his back. No suit, which meant no Karen. No reports. No knowing unless peter told. He had to tell, he knew he did but how..Should he run downstairs and tell Tony? Should he wait until morning?

Before he even knew what he was doing he was already knocking on the door waiting for his parent to answer..

“Come in” The voice came off soft, Peter instantly walked in and shut the door behind him he stood by the door holding his arm and rubbing it

“Sweetheart whats wrong?” The light popped on reviling pepper she rubbed her eyes and looked at peter and her face changed from just being asleep to instant worry in seconds

“WHAT HAPPENED??” She was up in an instant. Quickly & carefully she held peters face examining it

“I..It hurts..” Peter said with a sob. Pepper didn't know what to do, she had so many questions. #1 WHY did her sons face look like this?

“Baby you need to tell me what happened” Pepper said holding peters face as he shook it viciously meaning no. Pepper couldn't understand why he wouldn't tell her.

“okay..okay lets get you cleaned up” Pepper quick grabbed her phone and leaded peter to her and Tony’s bathroom.
“..I'm going to take a couple photos..okay? Just in case..” Pepper said and peter didn't say anything. Pepper snapped a few photos of her sons face and put the phone down.
An hour.. it took her an hour to get the blood that was stained into his face off. Pepper did as much as she could but she knew peter would feel it all in the morning, even with his healing capabilities, she believed this was beyond that pay-grade.


“I know you don't want to talk about it..but peter you have to say something..th..this is scaring me” pepper said kneeling in-front of peter holding his hands. Peter kept his eyes on the floor that has become ever so fascinating since pepper brought him into the bathroom. Once pepper knew peter wasn't going to talk she thought maybe he just needed sleep, maybe he would talk in the morning. Helping him up she guided him out of the bathroom

“lets try and get some sleep, if you need me ill be right in he...” she couldn't even finish her sentence before peter ripped his arm out of her grip

“NO PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME” peter practically screamed shocking pepper

“baby im not..” pepper said reaching back out for peter

“please..” peter sobbed and was now crying

“okay..okay.” pepper guided him to her and Tony's bed, tucking him in right in the middle she got back on her side and was about to turn the lights off

“I..some m..man assu..assult..assaulted..m..me” perter blurted out causing pepper to go completely still and as white as a ghost.

“W..what” she was on the verge of crying “What do you mean assaulted??” She said turning to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Tony
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Kid Peter Parker
Adopted Peter Parker
Protective Pepper Potts
Protective Tony Stark
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Protective Natasha Romanov
Family Feels
Family Drama
Team as Family

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

