Work Text:

(Outside Abilene, Texas)
Tuesday nights were normally pretty slow at BJ's Roadside Grill.  Sure, they got the occasional trucker or stranger passing through, but it was mostly a chance for Bee (she'd been born Bianca, but the only person who even remembered that was her mother) to catch up on inventory, and for John to do a little fiddling around with the menu and test out a few new recipes.  She liked the hustle and bustle of the busier nights, but she always considered Tuesdays her nights, where she got to maybe kick back a little, tend to all the things she wouldn't have much chance to get to later in the week.  Tonight was no different.  Place was empty, except for the lone pale-skinned young man in the back booth, and the only thing he'd even bothered to order had been a glass of water.  Which, he hadn't even asked for a refill, just kept taking small sips from his glass like he was afraid to ask for more.  Sure, she'd gone by a couple of times to make sure he was alright, but she recognized the type that just wanted to be left to their own devices.  She'd given him the option to flag her down when he was ready to order and had stayed within eyesight and earshot.  But as more time went on, she realized he wasn't going to.She'd noticed the worn, weather-beaten backpack he'd set beside him right off, and the furtive, down-trodden look of him, the way he'd shuffled into the diner like he was trying to avoid notice.  And he'd barely said a word or even looked in her direction, just sat there all quiet like and hunched in on himself.  Which got her to thinking and speculating (she'd admit to having an overactive imagination) that maybe he didn't have any place to go.She leaned against the prep counter in the kitchen and peered out through the expo window at the booth.  "I think he's homeless, babe.  We should at least offer him a decent meal."John wiped his beefy hands on his towel and threw it over a wide shoulder.  Big as a tree and about as strong, but as soft as melted butter on the inside, that was her John.  They'd been together since high school, and she wouldn't change a single day.  "Not like we're busy at the moment," he replied in his bassy rumble, hand sweeping to encompass the quiet diner.    "You go on and do what you need to, but if he starts to get all agitated –"She went to her tip-toes and gave his cheek a quick peck.  "Well, now that's why I keep you around.""So you keep tellin' me, mama, so you keep telling me."She laughed as she pulled out her order pad and sauntered back out to the floor, a small-statured woman in her mid-40s with black hair that tended to frizz, and smooth, umber-brown skin, and maybe she was a little thicker around the middle these days, but her John still looked at her like she hung the moon.  The two of them had run this place going on twenty years now and maybe it wasn't a glamorous life, but it was all hers and all of it earned. The diner had put a roof over her kids' heads and food on the table and she had her family and her friends and God – her life was filled to the brim with blessings both big and small.This poor man, though, he didn't look much like he had anyone in his corner.  It looked like he'd gone at least a week without a decent shave and much longer since he'd had a haircut.  And his clothes, while still in decent shape, no holes or tears or stains that she could see, carried the air of someone who'd slept in them more than once.  His trucker hat was pulled low on his forehead, but she could see the disoriented, empty look on his face and the gleam of a metal hand peeking just under the sleeve of his jacket when he picked up his water glass.A war vet, maybe, served in Iraq or Afghanistan?  That would explain the robotic limb and the vacant stare, and even the homeless vibe.  It was sad and downright criminal the way society and the government treated the brave men and women who sacrificed life and limb to serve their country, the way they were left high and dry without any help or resources or a way to integrate back into the world.  And maybe she couldn't change the system, but she could at least offer this man a hot meal. She put on her friendliest smile and approached the booth.  "Been nursing that water there a mighty long time, hon.  You sure I can't offer you something to eat? On the house – my man's getting awfully bored back there in the kitchen and he'd be just as happy to have something to do."  The man frowned, and she quickly continued before he could tell her no out of some misplaced sense of pride.  "I promise, you'll be doin' both of us a favor.  Just tell me what you'd like."The frown flattened out and he gazed up at her, with these big liquid blue eyes that made him look about as lost as a wayward kitten, and the expression on his face was one she'd never seen before on anyone.  Sad and confused and lonely and sort of scared."I...I don't know."Without even thinking about it, she slid into the seat opposite his.  She barel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Feels
Protective Steve Rogers
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
POV Outsider
Apple Pie & Meatloaf Make Everything Better

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

