Work Text:
Steve pads into the kitchen at seven-something, dressed in the jeans he slept in and with his hair tickling one ear where it's sleep-flattened. He deposits his shield in its spot by the door, in his line of sight along with his boots. He opens the cabinet above the oven to get a box of cereal, closes it, opens the one next to the fridge that actually contains cereal, and hits the button on the coffee pot to reheat what Sam already brewed. Then he goes to get the paper, which Sam never remembers because, “Look, Cap, you may be the only thing keeping print news alive and that is sad. Let it go, man. Doesn't do to hold on to the past.” Because Sam, Steve is figuring out, can be a real jerk when he wants to be.
Maybe it was just the ideal of the disciplined military man. Goodness knows, apart from the training program for Project Rebirth, Steve’s experience in the service never had much overlap with routine or order or neatly pressed dress uniforms. He likes to use it as an excuse, though, when Sam and Natasha both rib him about getting in a rut. Truth is, he just likes the consistency of getting up at the same time each morning, going for a run, eating peanut butter toast and eggs and fruit. He likes knowing what the shape of his day will look like when it isn't structured by missions that might go to hell at any moment.
He got out of the hospital, though, and can't seem to find that rhythm again. He moved into Sam’s place, because his apartment has been bugged and shot up and infiltrated a few more times than he can stand. Sam is also marginally less of a target than Steve is for the scattered remnants of Hydra/SHIELD. So in the mornings, he rattles around Sam’s space and forgets every day which cupboard has the cereal. He runs, or doesn't, and he goes to the support group meetings at the VA, or doesn't, and he leaves messages for Natasha in an online drop box she assures him is secure. (He never skips this one, because Natasha deserves better than Steve suddenly going radio silent for no good reason.)
It's been a couple months, by now, since it all went down. Months of Natasha answering reporters and generals and members of congress before she had enough. Months of Fury showing up in the apartment or a cafe or the library to make some dire announcement before he, too, says his graveside goodbyes and leaves. Months of Sam refusing to let Steve do anything more strenuous than research because, “You got gut shot, you mad bastard. I hurt just looking at you. And don't give me none of that super healing shit because you started that when you still had your liquid lunch getting pumped into you, I am not hearing it.”
It's been months and Steve isn't relaxed, he still sleeps with his shield by the bed and his clothes on, but he's maybe unwinding a little. He knows it's the calm before the storm, because eventually he and Sam are going to go looking for Bucky for real. For now, though, he's maybe willing to be lazy, just a little.
He's already bending to snatch up the paper as he opens the door, so the first thing he sees of the person standing on the stoop is his belt. It's such a silly thing, but he can see that it's much too large for the person wearing it. The tail hangs loose, even though it's been threaded through the first belt loop. There are old marks in the leather, where someone bigger habitually wore it. Steve looks up, stuck between picking up the paper he's reaching for and standing up politely. He cranes his head back and looks up into a face with a fifth-day beard surrounding a soft, slightly slack mouth.
“Bucky?”
Bucky nods, jerkily and just once. A lock of hair slips free from a loose ponytail. The mouth tightens into a twist, nothing like a smile and still so familiar. Bucky’s voice rasps when he finally adds, “Seems so.”
***
He drops the man from the bridge onto the shore. He's breathing and bleeding and one looks more likely to stop than the other. There's a chopper making low sweeps over the water, though, so someone will probably find him before he dies.
He goes to a safe house in the back room of a plumber’s near Arlington. Something about the name Arlington, when he sees it on signs, makes his face twist. He doesn't know why. It holds no particular meaning to him, beyond being part of his mental map of Places Targets Might Be. He does not go back to the bank vault, the room where they keep the machines and the medical equipment and the laser for his arm and-- He does not go back to the bank vault because it could be compromised. He goes to a safe house he knows about but has never been to.
The ground-in filth of the mission--sweat and concrete dust and blood--has combined with the river water to make a stinking mud. It works its way into the crevices between his toes and the backs of his knees and the bend of his neck. He kills the lone man working in the shop and hangs up the closed sign in the door and turns off the lights. Everywhere he touches, he leaves slick, brown finger smud
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Panic Attacks
Recovery
implied Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

