Chapter 1: Sick Snuggles
    


Summary:

Peter comes back to the tower with the flu. So of course Natasha takes care of her sick spider baby.





Chapter Text

Natasha Romanoff was a cold hearted assassin, someone who would not hesitate to kill a man, who could do so with a paperclip in less than a second. She was cold and distant, smart and calculating, precise and severe. She struck fear into the hearts of her enemies. Nothing could break her mask.

Except, of course, Peter Parker.

~

The Avengers ranged from “Oh Nat scares me a little bit” to “She talked to me sternly once and I passed out”.

Can you blame them? She's an assassin. She's terrifying! Once Sam spilled coffee on her and woke up to pigeons all over his room. (It took him a whole freaking month to get it out all the bird poop.) Her joking style was slightly funny and extremely dangerous. No one dared to anger her. 

They suspected Peter would break a bit of her cold statue, but they had absolutely no idea she would turn into his Spider Mom.

Their first clue came on a fall evening, as they all lounged in lounged living room and watched Project Runway. Peter walked in right as one of the designers decided to literally flip another person's table in anger.

“I get that Marcie is a bitch,” Sam commented, “but really Bekkah?” 

“No one out bitches Bekkah,” Bucky replied solemnly. Peter slung his backpack off his shoulder and trudged to the middle couch, where only Natasha and Bucky were sitting. 

“Language,” Cap scolded. A collective sigh came up from room.

Sam snorted. “Sorry, Mr. Goody Two Shoes.” 

“Sam, I would not hesitate to flip a table of your unfinished jumpsuit design.” 

Sam gasped, scandalized. They were so focused on the show they almost missed Peter sitting on the couch. 

And laying right on Natasha. 

Bucky turned his head to comment and barely stifled a gasp upon seeing Peter's head resting on Natasha collarbone. 

He shot a sharp look to Steve, who cocked his head and slowly looked away, before shock took over as he saw Peter and Natasha. The rest of the Avengers continued bickering, but also spared a glance at where Cap was staring so intensely. 

The room fell silent.

And the Peter sneezed.

This wasn't a cute, little sneeze. This was the sneeze that projected snot everywhere.

Unfortunately for Peter, this meant on Natasha’s shirt. 

He sniffled miserably before bringing up his hoodie sleeve to wipe the snot off. 

Natasha opened her mouth and the Avengers tensed.


This is it,

 they thought. 

This is the last we see of Peter. Natasha will kill Peter, then Aunt May will kill Natasha, then Clint will Aunt May and Tony will be wondering on the sidelines why no on has put him out of misery.


Natasha raised her hand.


Goodbye, Peter Parker.


And then pressed him close to her chest and started brushing his hair with her fingers. 

“

Kotyonok

,” she said, voice soft, impossibly soft. “You're sick?” Peter nodded into her shoulder.

“Let’s order some chicken dumplings, okay?” He snuggled into her more as she wrapped her arm around him and continued playing with his hair.

“Symptoms?” she asked softly.

“Sore throat,” Peter mumbled in response. “Headache. Achiness. Sensory overload.” 

“I'll ask Stark for your cold medicine.” She looked up towards the ceiling.

“F.R.I.D.A.Y?” she asked. “Can you bring Tony up from the lab? Tell him Peter’s sick.”

“Sir has been alerted.” Natasha looked at Bucky. 

“Hand me that blanket, Barnes.” Stunned, he fumbled to grab the blanket. “Thank you.” She wrapped the blanket around her sick spider and started rubbing his back.

“How are you feeling?” she asked. Peter sniffles.

“It’s like-,” he paused, bringing a hand up to rub his temple. “It’s like I'm cold on the inside but hot on the outside.” She nodded.

“Tony should have the medicine for you.” On cue, the elevator doors slid open.

“Spiderling!” Tony rushed over to the couch and put a hand on his protege’s forehead.

“Jesus, kid, you're burning up.” He smiled weakly.

“Sorry, Mr. Stark.” 

Both Natasha and Stark started protesting. 

“Don't apologize kiddo-”

“You have nothing to be sorry for-”

“We just want to make sure you're okay-”

“Don’t be afraid to come to us-”

The Avengers looked around in shock. They had already accepted Stark as a caring father but Natasha? 

Peter Parker could turn anyone into a domestic, fluffy mess.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
The Avengers & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Loki

freeform: 
Fluff
Slight Hurt/Comfort
Sickfic
Precious Peter Parker
Tony is a good dad
Everybody loves Peter Parker
He is their precious baby
Tooth Rotting Fluff
Panic Attacks
Peter has a nightmare
But it's okay because the Avengers cuddle him
Natasha adores her baby spider
Cuddles
Loki and Peter are Bros
Peter is a little shit and gets hurt constantly
Tony Stark is a stressed Dad trying to make sure his idiotic spider vigilante doesn't die
Tony and Natasha are overprotective parents for their spider baby
Tony is a PTA mom it's canon
Infinity War? What Infinity War?
Civil War? Whose she?
everything is fine
The Avengers are a big happy family
we gucci
Peter Parker Protection Squad

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
The Avengers & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Loki

