Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  An omega, the lowest of our chain. Female whores they were referred to in Queens, their only purpose was to be breeders from some disgusting alpha, to birth more of them or may god curse a child to be an omega,But that's exactly what he did.Peter Parker laid in his wore bed, his body curled into himself. The cover lazily thrown on top of his body as the child sobbed into the sheets of his bed feeling his throat burn with each cry. His wrist stinging as the spirits engraved his mate's name onto his skin, Peter wished, begged and prayed not to be given a mate, not to have a mark dressed in his skin but that isn’t how the world works.
 Not when your an omega. 
The boy could feel his skin burning as the goosebumps prickled his skin, “May” he sobbed wishing his aunt would run through his bedroom door, embrace him in a warm hug, soothing him into sleep. Telling her nephew everything was going to be okay, but she was gone, buried beneath his feet. Gritting his teeth as the pain burned, the skin feeling like it was being soldered. As the sensation faded, blinking away the tears that stained his pale skin looking at his wrist that was scattered in scars and bruises to see the name of his mate carved into his skin but it was in a language the boy had never seen, running his finger over the marked skin that swelled a velvet red staring at the name with tear filled eyes.Maybe, maybe Mr.Stark would know… the boy pondered but dreaded the day he had to-- have to tell his mentor of his second gender. The boy knew Tony’s opinion’s on omega’s always having on laid in his bed. The image made Peter gag of the reaction he’d have when the words would leave his lips.
 “Why did I have to be an omega…” 
Your friendly neighborhood hero omega. Now that was a thought.-- Peter staggered into Stark tower, Tony having just bought it back from whoever bought it refusing to see the tower torn down.“Hello, Mr.Parker” FRIDAY’s voice spoke, Peter offering a smile he knew the AI could not see, “Hey FRIDAY” the teen smiled,“is Mr.Stark in?” his hands began to sweat, as the slight tremors in his body became more visible.“Yes, Mr.Stark is in the laboratory” the AI spoke, “Thanks” pulling the sleeve of his hoodie into his hand, clenching tightly to the worn fabric of the sweatshirt.
‘Will Mr.Stark abandon me…”

 ‘Will he take away my suit, no I don't want him to take my suit…’

 ‘I’m a filthy omega’

 -- 
 Tony heard the sliding doors open to his lab, his hands covered in grease from working on his latest project, the oil smudged on his tanned pants. Turning to look at who had walked in, expecting it to be Bruce only to see Peter dow eyed.“Hi” the boy quipped, Tony rose a brow in confusion but smiled grabbing a rag and wiping his hands,“Hey kid, something up with your suit?” Tony asked he noticed the way Peter’s slender hands gripped onto the fabric of his clothing, seeing his body tremble, the dried tears he tried desperately to wipe away still staining his skin.“Pete? You okay?” Was it something to do with May? Tony knew Peter must still be grieving over the loss of his aunt, especially so close to his birthday… it had been 2 months since May had passed away, her life claimed by a drunk driver as the bastard swerved onto the curve of hit the woman. Tony’s thoughts were broken as tears began to weld in the corners of the young hero’s eyes, seeing him chew at his torn lip the skin almost all chewed off.Tony opened his mouth to speak but closed it as Peter looked ready to take off, was he scared? ‘This is a mistake’ Peter thought as his nails dug into the palms of his hands, “Mr-Mr.Stark” the boy stuttered, his voice sounded so small, so scared, Terrified. “I-I… I” the words dangled at the top of his tongue, as the tears spilled from his eyes, the man tossing the rag to the floor as he went to take the boy into his arms. Peter clinging desperately to his mentor taking in the sent of oil and grease soaked into the Alpha’s clothe, Peter only sobbed more, every hero was an Alpha or a beta… and here Peter thought ‘Pathetic omega’ as if he was nothing more than a whore.“Peter what's the wrong bud talk to me” the older man soothed, carding a hand through the omega’s hair, scared for the boy as he desperately clawed at Tony’s back. “I-I’m an omega” the boy choked Tony’s eyes widened for a second but softened as the boy continually sobbed.“Pl-Please don’t take my- my suit- I-I’m so-sorry” the words coming out as jumbled together, Tony rubbing a hand on Peter’s back as he slowly brought the two to the ground so he could hold the boy in his arms. Tony contemplated what Peter said, he was Spider-man, he was an omega and spider-man. But he would deal with that later.“Did you present today?” he asked in a soothing tone, releasing some of his sent to calm the what he thought was a newly presented omega. Peter shook his head, keeping his face buried in the alpha’s chest, “I-I presented at- at 14” ‘14? That was four years ago’ Tony tho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omegaverse
Soul Bond
soul marks
Hurt Peter
Omega Peter Parker
Alpha Loki (Marvel)
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Beta Bucky Barnes
Beta Bruce Banner
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Alpha Clint Barton
Beta Wanda Maximoff
Alpha Thor (Marvel)
Alpha/Omega
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Poor Peter Parker
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
Peter is 18
Fluff and Smut
Eventual Smut
I Don't Even Know
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Loki is actually not an ass
Loki (Marvel) is Not Amused
Asgard
I have no idea what to tag
Fluff
its a good book eventually i swear

fandom: 
Loki/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Past Tony Stark/Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

