Chapter 1: 1989
    




Chapter Text
The Avengers were having another meeting about the coming end of the world with the addition of a few more fighters for good measure. A new threat was upon them and the rest of the universe this time. Bruce had brought word of a mad titan known as Thanos who was hunting for the infinity stones, two of which were on earth, another two in his possession and the last two that could easily be within his grasp to their knowledge. They were already down a few members, especially one of their heavy hitters, Thor, who Bruce sorrowfully believed to be dead by the hands of said threat. The remaining Avengers could only hope that they had others that were willing to fight alongside them.
The Avengers were all able to congregate in Wakanda’s royal palace after Tony had gotten up the courage to call Steve for help. They had been gathering information and shooting out plans to defeat this enemy and Tony and Steve had uncomfortably had to bear standing next to one another, each with another hero as comfort to organize said assault. It was then that the congregation of heroes was interrupted by a rumbling lightshow of a portal that had blinded them all before taking with it a group of heroes from the meeting. The portal opened up somewhere spacious and cold, dumping the separated group god knows where. A few moments of complete disorientation later, the now displaced group of heroes able to finally make out the words being shouted at them, each of them getting to their feet, ready for a fight. What they were met with was the trained eyes of about twenty or more armed agents. Those of which wearing security gear were each sporting an emblem on their right shoulder and those patches were a dead ringer for the retro S.H.I.E.L.D. emblem. That only increased Steve’s worry about what was happening as his stomach dropped. Before he could communicate this to any of his companions his thoughts were cut off by another, albeit now clearer voice in the room.
“What on earth? What’s going on? This was supposed to be a routine visit for me, Director Carter. What is this?” a familiar voice sounded, missing the coy wit and charm that Steve knew though it retained the rigid, no nonsense, edging grit that Tony knew almost too well. Steve's disoriented mind was still too stunned to clearly make out those in the room, though he did think he heard Tony's armor if possible grow tense.
“Kid, get behind me,” a very serious Iron Man hushed out, pushing Spider-Man behind him, as though to protect him from the glares of the large assortment of gunmen. Spider-Man, with the glowing white eyes of his mask wide open, complied, thankfully, to the metal encased man, though he did attempt to get into his own defensive stance. However, he didn’t stop jerking his head around, clearly uneasy with not knowing where they were.
“What the actual hell,” the Winter Soldier now White Wolf grinded through his teeth, his mind now clear enough to be able to take in his surroundings.
“Identify yourselves.” Steve perked up, a bit weary of an all too familiar and confident voice speaking up that moved through the air with a certain British lilt to it. He could never forget that voice, the same one coloring the orders barked his way. “I will ask one more time before we detain you with use of force.” Perhaps it was the slightest bit more husky and weary than he knew before.
“Look, we have an explanation. Right?” The youngest in their ensemble looked over to Tony, encased in his new nano armor. Of course it was Spider-Man who panicked next to Steve, hands raised at the sight of agents pointing guns at them. That and he still had his lumpy and dulled forest green backpack on, one of the JanSport ones that kids would take to school, not one to hold artillery or high tech weapons in. Steve was beginning to worry about how young this guy really was but before he could get to that, he knew he had to focus on the situation at hand. Steve held up his hands looking the most earnest he could.
Steve started by addressing the group of suspicious operatives, “we’re not here to do any harm, I swear.” 
“You say that while you managed to break into our highly secure facility with that portal of yours. I won’t say it again. Identify yourselves before we use force,” Peggy shot right back as the light portal began to gradually fade. Now that Steve could see, plain as day and standing tall in the middle of the room with the commanding presence of any military leader was Peggy Carter. She looked older than he had seen her before the ice, her hair gray and skin wrinkled, but still younger than she was when he woke up. She was competent, in charge of her own faculties and so very alive.
“She’s sure as hell not going to believe us,” came the voice of the brunet super soldier by his side. Bucky was gripping onto his weapon, eyes scouring their surroundings, clearly on high alert like a feral animal petrified by being caged.
“I don’t think we’ve got a choice, Buck
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Bucky Barnes & Peggy Carter
Tony Stark & Howard Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Peter Parker
background Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

freeform: 
an AU of IW that starts diverging after the first 10 mins
Time Travel
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Irondad
spiderson
Aunt Peggy Carter
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
a hit piece on Howard Stark
Tony Stark-centric
Peter Parker-centric
Canon-Typical Violence
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Peter Parker
BAMF Avengers
BAMF Peggy Carter

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Steve Rogers & Bucky Barnes & Peggy Carter
Tony Stark & Howard Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Peter Parker
background Tony Stark/Pepper Potts

