Chapter 1: Lesson One- The Female Orgasm
    


Summary:

Or alternatively- first times suck.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Just give me a second,“ MJ said, taking a deep breath in to relax herself a bit more.“Am I hurting you? We can stop right now, that’s totally cool with me. I don’t wanna do this if you don’t wanna-“MJ interrupts him because she’s sure he would have kept on rambling. Her amusement at his anxiety does help her relax more until she is ready to carry on though. “More,” she instructed.Peter advances slowly, going what feels like just a millimetre in with each movement. “Peter c’mon.” MJ is borderline pouting at her boyfriend. She realises that it’s best to take things slowly and ease in when losing one’s virginity but Peter is taking the whole going slowly thing to an infuriating extreme and she’s growing impatient.Peter exhaled then advanced until he was fully sheathed in her, at which point he stopped to allow her to fully adjust. He gazed down at her, a look of disbelief and sheer excitement on his face like- “wow this is really happening”.He looked into her eyes as he hovered over her on his forearms, presumably going for something romantic but MJ couldn't help but laugh which luckily didn't offend Peter and instead caused him to laugh along with her. Soon they were just giggling to each other, Peter in her and MJ thought about how ridiculous and perfect this was before she reached up to kiss Peter.“Go,” she whispered against his lips before punctuating her words with a searing kiss to encourage him. Peter began to move gently and slowly and it wasn't not painful like MJ had been told by friends and the media alike. It was just quite uncomfortable, the best way MJ could think to describe it was like trying to fit a book onto a shelf where there’s just about enough room to fit the book but it takes a few attempts to get the book into the space on the shelf.“Hey, you good?” Peter brought her back from her weird musings/book-related sex analogies. “Better than good,” she said as she brought her arms to wrap around his neck to pull him down towards her.MJ closed her eyes as Peter kissed across her jaw down to her neck. The sex had gone from feeling uncomfortable to quite enjoyable and not wholly unpleasant. She looked up at Peter whose face had gone bright red and had his eyes closed, jaw clenched and straining. “Look at me,” MJ said moving a hand to his cheek to move his face so he was looking directly down at her. “Sorry, sorry, I’m-“ Peter was unable to finish his sentence, becoming increasingly breathless. MJ had spoken to enough of her girlfriends who have had sex, read enough fiction and other such research material to understand what was happening here. “It’s okay.”“No, I want you to-“ “What? Come with you? Girls rarely orgasm their first time Peter just- it’s okay, okay?” MJ’s arm still wrapped around his neck rubbed his back soothingly as she leaned up to kiss him to reassure him that’s it was okay for him to finish. Peter was initially resistant, which was cute and she appreciated it but she wasn't that close and even his neck and chest had gone red now. He looked like he might explode or come at her command so she tested out her theory y whispering, “Come on, I want you to so bad” into his ear, trying to sound sexy rather than laugh at her own unintentional pun. He tried to resist further for a few more seconds but Spider-Man or not he’s still a 17-year old having sex for the first time, he was bound to orgasm after a few strokes and MJ knew this and it was okay.And it was okay. She knew this would happen because it’s their first time, they have so many other times to come (ha!) after this so it’s fine. 
 Except it wasn't fine.They had sex on a further two occasions after and each time MJ failed to reach orgasm despite Peter’s best attempts; he could even last longer than the two and a half minutes of their first time now but it seemed to still not be enough. MJ got frustrated because what was even the point of sex if she didn't get to orgasm with Peter? She got that the first time was more about her body adjusting to the change and she would have needed more time to get to that point, time which her 17-year old boyfriend was unable to give her because well, he’s 17. However, it wasn't their first time anymore and she was yet to orgasm from sex. She knew a sample size of three times was not large enough to conclude that there was a problem but MJ was an impatient woman and so out of sheer frustration she decided to ask Liz about it. Liz may have moved away after the whole fiasco with her dad and Peter but they’d stayed in touch, becoming closer upon the other girl’s departure due to the comfort and non-judgement MJ was able to offer her. MJ closed her bedroom door as she waited for Liz to pick up, mortified at the prospect of her parents or siblings hearing her despite the fact that she was home alone. Which she’d verifi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
spideychelle - Relationship
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Established Relationship
5+1 Things
Sexual Content
Discussions of sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
spideychelle - Relationship
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

