Work Text:
He has failed missions before.  He knows it the way he knows he's the Winter Soldier, the way he knows how to disassemble a sniper's rifle, the way he knows the most efficient method of killing a man with his bare hands: the knowledge is simply there, with no context, no sense memory.  But he still knows it: he has failed missions before, and he has failed this one spectacularly.He doesn't know what brought him to the museum, but now he stares at his own image printed onto glass.  He knows his own face the same way he knows everything else he knows: he sees it and recognizes it with no memories of having seen it before.  The text breeds no such familiarity.  He might as well be reading about a stranger.There is a choice now.  HYDRA's head has been cut off and two more will rise in its place.  They will make contact; he will be recalled; he will be given a mission or deactivated until there is another mission.  For him, there is no difference between the two.  He has failed missions before, and he was still recalled.  HYDRA will find him, and the certainty of that knowledge is as close to comfort as he can remember feeling.He was once James Buchanan Barnes.  He once stood at Captain America's side.  It makes no difference.  The seizing in his stomach that arises when he sees the Captain's face is no more than a physical reaction that, like any, can be controlled.  It won't matter when he returns to HYDRA, anyway.The procedure for going to ground is clear but, in these circumstances, irrelevant.  There are HYDRA safehouses and caches all through the city (there are HYDRA safehouses and caches all through every city), but they may well be compromised.  There are investigations into SHIELD, he knows - he's seen it on newspapers, newsfeeds scrolling on the sides of buildings, the screens set up in TV stores.  Any attempt to make contact with HYDRA may very well be handing himself over to what's left of SHIELD. He needs somewhere safe.  More than that, he needs medical attention - his arm has been broken in two places, and he can only keep it stable for so long.His new mission, then: survive long enough for HYDRA to find him.There is one person who has proven to be willing to do absolutely anything to keep him alive.He tugs the baseball cap lower with a gloved hand and slouches his shoulders forward, forces the motion of his legs up into his hips, and walks to the mural of Captain America with the same gait as everyone else in the Smithsonian.  His stomach clenches.  He keeps looking, and gradually the muscles relax.  He goes to each exhibit, memorizing the names and staring at the faces until he's immune to them.He leaves the Smithsonian.  No one makes eye contact.  No one follows him.He goes to Captain America's apartment. Strips of crime scene tape, ripped on one end, dangle from one side of the door frame.  The door is almost closed, but the latch hasn't caught and it pushes open easily and with only the small noise of a creak.  The Captain would hear it, but nobody comes to the door.He enters and swiftly cases the apartment.  It's empty after all.  The bed is made with military corners and one drawer of the dresser is out by half an inch, insufficiently closed.  The toothbrush is gone, but the toothpaste and razor are not.  Most of the clothes are still there.  The Captain hasn't returned, then, but someone else came for scant necessities.The Captain will have to return if he wants his toothpaste.There is bread, ham, and cheese in the refrigerator.  He makes himself a sandwich with his left arm.  The right is held to his chest in a makeshift sling.  Appearing more physically vulnerable may ingratiate him with the Captain, although he doubts it will be necessary.  The Captain has already proven that he'll see what he wants to see.He's played the American before.  It opened doors in West Berlin, Dallas, his first and last mission to New York.  He can play it for the Captain, be the Bucky to his Captain America.  It was what made him so valuable, when there were two Berlins; how naturally it came.  Once he's eaten, he wanders through the apartment, absently checking the spines of books and noting the titles of records.  He pauses only once, his eye caught by one particular book, the spine cracked and bent by multiple readings.  He places one metal finger at the top of it and tilts it out of alignment with the other books so he can read the title: The Hobbit.He stares at it, then carefully levers it back to its previous position.  Irrelevant, he reminds himself.From the window, he can see the smoke still lingering above what used to be the Triskelion, a dark mass against a darkening sky.  Washington has always had a low horizon: advantageous for rooftop recons and escapes, less so for evading pursuit on rooftop recons and escapes.  For all of HYDRA's operations in this area, he's never preferred to work here.  It's a town full of suspicions and law enforcement, with unpredictable traffic and easy choke
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Gratuitous Comics References
Mind Control Aftermath & Recovery
Canon-Typical Violence
Identity Issues
Hurt/Comfort
Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

