Chapter 1: Cookie Cutter Stars
    




Chapter Text
The water in Greece contrasted greatly from night to day.
 
In the day, Peter had found it to be the clearest water he had ever seen. Nothing like what surrounded New York. Pure blue. The most beautiful, like the sky had sunk into the deep sea. All the fish flying through the air instead of water. But at night it was completely different. It was impenetrable. Dark. Maybe still like the sky, just space. Endless, and speckled with stars.
 
He leaned over the side of the boat, peering down into the blackness.
 
Small waves rippled as the boat moved through them. The night air was warm, and Peter’s skin, having been slightly burned from the two weeks spent in the piercing sunlight, made it seem even warmer under the suit he was wearing. Peter leaned his head forward, his hand as well, reaching out over the edge.
 
He was so tired. The boat almost lulled him to sleep. Almost. But he knew it would not.
 
But he hoped every night would be different.
 
His fingers barely glided over the surface. The yacht they were headed to wasn’t far from the shore, but far enough that Peter’s eyes felt heavy. The man driving them turned in the slightest, causing Peter’s eyes to snap open, awareness returning. He didn’t like these parties, but he supposed that going to one rich-people party with Tony and Pepper was the least he could do after they had basically let him pick almost every activity they had done.
 
It had been a good trip. He had laughed more than he had since before May’s death.
 
He had smiled every day.
 
It almost made Peter forget he had barely slept in weeks.
 
A hand touched his shoulder gently and squeezed. Peter’s head snapped up in surprise as he was slowly pulled from where he was kneeling over the edge of the boat.
 
Tony smirked slightly, “Maybe don’t lean over the side while you’re wearing Tom Ford.”
 
Peter’s brows furrowed…
 
“Who’s Tom Ford?”
 
Pepper laughed from her place at the end of the boat. Tony’s expression looked filled with horror. Tony pinched Peter’s ear, and the boy grunted in discomfort, pulling away and pouting. Tony replied, “The very nice suit you have on. Show it some respect.”
 
Peter tugged on the collar and chuckled, “Oh this thing? I thought it was named Straitjacket.”
 
Tony plopped down next to him and hummed, “It’s not that uncomfortable.”
 
“You’ve been wearing them since you were born,” Peter rolled his eyes, “I bet you were brought home from the hospital in one.”
 
The man pondered on that, then nodded in a sort of confirmation. Peter smiled in triumph that he was right. He laid his head against the back of the seat and Tony questioned, “You tired?”
 
“Yeah,” Peter answered truthfully, “I’ve been in the sun all day.”
 
Less truthful.
 
Pepper spoke from her seat, “We can tell. Your cheeks are red, but I specifically remember giving you sunscreen.”
 
“I forgot to reapply.”
 
His grin was sheepish. Saying he hadn’t applied it in the first place. But in his defense, the sea water would have just washed it away. He had fallen out of the sailboat three times in the past two weeks. Once was on purpose, the other two from being hit by ropes. Each time he thought surely the case on his phone would fail him, but it never did. Stark products really were top of the line.
 
The lights from the yacht in the distance were growing closer and Peter kept his head resting, wanting the chair he was in to turn into a bed and for sleep to swallow him up. He kept reminding himself that this party was his dues. They had given him such a wonderful trip. He didn’t want to be that bratty kid that complained while sitting in a pile of gifts.
 
Tony leaned into his line of sight, causing Peter to jump.
 
“You could have stayed at the beach house,” Tony spoke softly, “If you didn’t feel well.”
 
Peter shot up, rod straight, “I feel fine. Honest. Just sunburned.”
 
“Hm,” Tony’s head bobbed up and down, “I mean, it might just be me, but your face is reminding me a lot of when I was in college and had a late night-“
 
Peter made a disgusted face, “Mr. Stark.”
 
“Not like that,” Tony waved his hand, “As in, pulling an all-nighter.”
 
Maybe that was what weeks of not sleeping gave someone. A look of an all-nighter. And he had pulled plenty of those as of late. Peering back at the man driving the boat, Peter returned his eyes to Tony and forced a reassuring gaze.
 
“I’m alright.”
 
The sound of the boat and the waves and the wind hid the exhaustion. Peter really was fine. Getting better, besides the inability to sleep. May had died at the end of January. It was the middle of June. He should be better, he thought. And he was. The feeling inside of his lungs didn’t ache as much. His and Tony’s bickering had settled into a steady home-life.
 
There was routine. When school was still in session, he’d wake up, attend class, patrol for an hour or two, go to decathlon practice, go to appointments with Doctor Middleton, then arrive at the penthouse. Do homework. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Tony Stark
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Whump
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Angst
Dead Aunt May
Poor Peter Parker
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Parent Tony Stark
Insomnia

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

