Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

(Song – Survivor by 2WEI)
   
Brooklyn 1942
 Darcy felt sick to her stomach, every bone in her body ached and she felt like she had been hit by a truck.  It was difficult to tell how long she lay there, trying to pull herself together.  The last thing she remembered was talking to Jane, asking her pack-sister if she thought her date would like her dress.  The world slowly fell back into focus as she pushed herself up from the ground.  The dim sounds of traffic and people filtered in slowly, but the overall feeling was off somehow. She closed her eyes and then slowly opened them again, trying to focus.  Something was really wrong, something was missing...  panic crept in, as it slowly dawned on her that she couldn't feel her pack bonds.  She couldn't feel her family.What the hell had happened?  Mother of Thor, what had Jane done this time?  There had been some sort of light?  An explosion maybe?  A newspaper fluttered in a nearby bin and Darcy reached for it, frowning at the unfamiliar type face.  It was like something from...  Her belly flipped in fright when she read the date for the fourth time and finally caught sight of the people that were intermittently walking past the alley she found herself in.  You have got to be shitting me, she thought incredulously, nineteen frigging forty? This coulnd't be happening, it was impossible.  Except her senses weren't lying to her.  There was no link to her pack, the street she was on was like nothing she had seen, outside of old movies, and the people walking past were not cos players or extras on some set.  Even the smell was wrong, where was the stink of exhaust fumes?  Instead the smell of day's old garbage, rotting in metal trash cans in the alley permeated the air.  Darcy looked around, desperately searching for some sort of sign, because Jane would mount a rescue, get her back right?  There is no way her pack would give up till they got her back, so she would be fine.  She would.  Maybe she just had to get them a message somehow, then they'd know where to look. But it was fine, right?  Jane would portal in or something and rescue her, right?  She could not be trapped 70 odd years in the past, unbonded and maybe only a few weeks out from going into heat for the first time since she was a teen.  This was not happening, no, nope, nope.  Not happening, she had just found the Alpha she actually matched with and this happens? "Okay feet let’s go." She growled lowly, she had to find out where she was and then… And then what?  Find someone to help her get back or at least somewhere safe to go through her heat.  She’d never been so happy that she had taken time at lunch to go change into a dress for dinner or she would have shown up here in jeans and a sweater.  The modest vintage dress she had looked out for her date would just about pass in this time, a dark wine-coloured print with pale pink flowers and a pair of black Mary-Jane heels wouldn’t look too out of place.  Everything was fine. Two blocks out from where she started she became aware of someone in an official looking uniform following her.  Mighty Odin in Asgard, how had she forgotten about the Wardens? “I swear to Thor, Jane, if you do not get me out of this, I will replace every pop tart in the tower with trail mix and MRE’s.” She muttered under her breath as she felt the wardens closing in.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Lexie Grey/Mark Sloan
Logan/Rogue (X-Men)
Rebecca Barnes Proctor/Howard Stark
James Montgomery Falsworth/Lizzie Barnes
Meredith Grey/Derek Shepherd mentioned
Aaron Cross/Marta Shearing mentioned
Michael Samuelle/Nikita Wirth mentioned

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
BAMF Darcy Lewis
Darcy Lewis is a Stark
Awesome Darcy Lewis
Jane Foster & Darcy Lewis Friendship
Nesting
Alternate Universe - Time Travel
Alpha Peggy Carter
Beta Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega Darcy Lewis
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Bucky Barnes & Natasha Romanov Friendship
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Darcyland (Marvel)
Protective Steve
misguided Steve
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Jane Foster
Awesome Pepper Potts
Bruce Banner Has Issues
Bruce Banner Needs a Hug
Pack Dynamics
Pack Family
1940s
Cameos
So Many Cameos
Multiple Crossovers
One Big Happy Family
No Incest
soap opera plot twists

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Bruce Banner/Natasha Romanov
Jane Foster/Thor
Clint Barton/Laura Barton
Lexie Grey/Mark Sloan
Logan/Rogue (X-Men)
Rebecca Barnes Proctor/Howard Stark
James Montgomery Falsworth/Lizzie Barnes
Meredith Grey/Derek Shepherd mentioned
Aaron Cross/Marta Shearing mentioned
Michael Samuelle/Nikita Wirth mentioned

