Work Text:
Leashed like a beast, Loki was led in chains through the halls of Asgard.The cursed muzzle that Thor had forced onto him was sealed tight over his lips, with a thick internal piece that intruded into his mouth, trapping his tongue. It was as uncomfortable as it was humiliating; he could barely keep from drooling. Worse, his magic was more than adequately constrained by the ancient runes and his loss of speech.“This way, young master,” said the head guard, motioning to the men who held the ends of Loki’s chains.He realized with a jolt that they were headed towards the healer’s hall - the very place that Loki had avoided since manhood. Horrified, he tried to resist, but it was useless; he was dragged by his shackles over the threshold, into an immaculate, frigid room full of gleaming metal tables.An aged healing woman was watching his struggle without emotion. “Well, you took your time about it," she said. "Bring him over here. It was ordered that he be examined carefully.”Loki moaned, the sound muffled. Thor, that soft-hearted twit, must have been concerned that he had been injured in the final battle. As if Loki cared for his physical health (although in truth, that giant green obscenity had been a more than formidable opponent).“Strip him,” said the healer.Loki could hardly mount a defense, bound as he was; it was the work of a second – and a few passes of a sharp dagger - for the guards to split his princely garb, dragging the fabric away from his form, leaving him bared.His shameful secret, exposed to judging eyes.“By the Gods,” said one of the guards. “Look at that little thing.”With the accursed manacles around his wrists, Loki could not even cover himself.The healer sucked her teeth. “I have heard of such things, among the jötnar, but I have never seen one up close.”She approached, and Loki might have shied away - but she blew a palmful of orange powder into his face, and the world spun giddily.“Get him over the table. I think we’d better have him on his back for this.”Loki, now light-headed and weak, found himself staring, dazed, up at the ceiling as hands clasped his wrists and ankles. The chains that had connected to his collar were gone, but his arms were trapped down at his sides, his thighs parted, his feet restrained.He whined as fingers probed his male organs, lifting them up out of the way.“Aye, this is the source of his inconstant nature, no doubt,” he heard the healer say, dispassionately. “No wonder he is moody and unpredictable. He has been suppressing his feminine aspect for too long.”Cold, competent hands moved over his abdomen, pausing to tap against his sides. Loki stirred at the feeling of foreign seidr sinking into him.“I believe he is properly equipped,” the healer pronounced, examining Loki’s tight-bunched nipples, feeling absently at the sparse muscles of his breasts - his flat, male breasts. She pinched one sharply and Loki yelped.“I will check now. Hold him well.” She walked down to the end of the table, between his spread legs. Two fingers slid between lips of his cunt, as Loki reared and gasped. Never had he been touched in such a manner - and to now be subjected to such disrespect! She pressed up as far as she could stretch, immune to Loki’s garbled protests. Her magic spread through him like smoke. "Aye, he is fertile. And when he has been bred, I have no doubt he'll be well enough subdued.”
Bred?!
She laughed, as if she could hear his thoughts. “Mark my words - fill his womb with children, and we’ll see no more of this childish mischief.”She withdrew, leaving Loki sick with relief. But her fingers only dipped lower, to his other hole.“He will need to be taken by both entrances,” said the healer knowledgably, tracing over his anus; “penetrated as a man as well as a woman. But I think our prince Thor is more than equal to that task.” She chuckled humorlessly.Loki, who could barely move, began to tremble.“Come, let us prepare him for this now, while he is still sedated.”One of the guards approached. Loki could only groan as his back passage was invaded by the tip of the clyster, pushing inexorably into his tender space.“Aye, this is nothing compared to how you will take a phallus,” said the woman jovially, draping a hand over Loki’s eyes to close them. “It is well that you should feel it now.” It pushed deeper as poor Loki struggled as much as he could, restrained as he was as well as stupefied by the drugs. “You will learn to like it, I think! Or accept it at least, as your due. Now, release the clamp.”Loki sobbed at the new sensation of rushing water, filling his body. It pressed against his bowels from the inside, stretching him. It flowed through all his nooks and crannies, flushing him out. To prepare him for – to make him clean enough – to be used by Thor.At least it was warm – possibly too warm, no doubt perfectly calibrated to the internal temperature of the Aesir, slightly hot for a jötun."Bring him a bucket," said the healer. "But not right away. Give it a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Drugged Sex
Breeding
Bottom Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Restraints
Gags
Medical Kink
Enemas
Forced Orgasm
Vaginal Sex
Anal Sex
Forced Pregnancy
kind of dark Thor
Loving Thor
it's both

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

