Chapter 1



Notes:
For Tony Stark Bingo 2018 Square T1: Forced Soulbonding

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 Cap wasn’t kidding , was the first thought that went through Tony’s head when Red Skull walked through the door.  Of course, that could be the concussion speaking. Hydra had greeted him with their typical welcome, which involved a lot of fists and boots in tender places.   “You could make this much easier on yourself,  Herr  Stark,” Johann Schmidt told him.  “Simply give us what we ask.” Tony grinned up at him through split lips, blood coating his teeth.  “Thanks, but no,” he refused. “I don’t work for evil scumbag Nazis, in case you hadn’t heard.”  The guard on his left struck him with a fist to the ribs, and he bit back a cry of pain as the already cracked ribs took another hit.  He glared up at the goon. “If you break my ribs and I die choking on my own blood, just remember, it’s your fault.” The man snarled, one hand fisting in Tony’s hair and yanking his head back painfully as the other fist rose into the air, probably planning to break Tony’s nose - or his jaw - when Schmidt stepped in.   “Das reicht!”  he snapped, and the man immediately released Tony and stood at attention, his fear of Schmidt far stronger than his anger at Tony.  Tony couldn’t even blame the guy; that blood red skull was  creepy .  Plus, the guy seemed to be just about as indestructible as Rogers. His heart still racing from the near miss, Tony met his captor’s cruel gaze.  “I’d say thanks,” he rasped, “but I’m pretty sure you didn’t do it to spare this pretty face.”   “I have known men like you,” Schmidt said, his disinterested gaze moving to a shadowy corner of the cell where Tony was being held.  “Brave. Foolish. At least until the real pain begins.” Tony couldn’t help but follow the other man’s line of sight, turning his head to the side so that he, too, could stare at the silent man that had been standing in that corner for the last three days, guarding him.  He never spoke; showed no signs of hunger or fatigue or weakness. Tony had tried, for hours, to get him to react, but that stare had never once wavered from some unknown spot on the wall behind Tony. “What?” he asked.  “Your little automaton there?”  He scoffed. No reaction. “Yeah, maybe you haven’t heard.  The Ten Rings tried that, too. It didn’t work,” he said flatly.  Never mind that it probably  would have  if it hadn’t been for Yinsen.  Of course, if it hadn’t been for Yinsen, he might not have survived the shrapnel at all, so there was that. Red Skull was undeterred, and Tony tugged fruitlessly at the cuffs pinning his wrists to the chair he was bound to, doing his best to ignore the creeping sensation of dread that was crawling up his throat.  He was pretty sure that if he threw up on Red Skull’s nicely polished boots, he’d be flayed alive - the guy seemed like someone who cared about appearances, if one could overlook the blood red skull, at least. “The Soldier has served Hydra well,” Schmidt said.  “He is obedient. As you will be, soon.” He made a gesture to someone behind Tony, and then there were hands on his shoulders and arms and temple, and Tony cursed, writhing in his bonds.  It wasn’t like he could dislodge the hands, trapped as he was, but he had no intentions of making it easy while they hooked him up to whatever apparatus had been humming along in the background for some time now.  The technicians (or scientists? He wasn’t sure anymore, the lab coats didn’t have titles, or names) had wheeled it into the cell shortly before Red Skull had arrived. It was a smart move on their part; if they had tried instead to move Tony to a lab, he would’ve probably tried to blow something up.  The cell gave him nothing to work with, and he was very firmly pinned. He couldn’t even twist his wrist around enough in the cuffs to scrabble at the buckles. He’d tried, though, for hours, while the soldier watched and did nothing. Tony spat at Schmidt, a glob of spit and blood that landed on the floor in front of him.  “If you think I’ll do anything you say, you’re sadly mistaken,” he informed the other man. “I think not,” Schmidt said.  Tony’s continued struggles seemed to be annoying him, and he gestured at the goon on Tony’s left.  A second later, fire was screaming up his side and across his torso, arcing painfully across the reactor and up his neck.  He couldn’t bite back the scream, and when the wand that they had touched him with was removed, he slumped in his seat, his chin touching his chest, panting through the pain, small whines escaping through clenched teeth.  That had hurt, badly. Hands pulled his head back and wrapped something firmly around his forehead, forcing him to stare straight ahead.  Red Skull smiled, satisfied as electrodes - or at least Tony assumed they were electrodes - were attached to his temples, more pressed against his chest, over his heart.  Tony’s sense of dread deepened when Red Sk
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Forced soulbonding
Imprisonment
Abandonment Issues
winter soldier programming
Bucky Barnes is still in there
Tony Stark is the most stubborn
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Bucky needs a hug
Soulmates
TWS on never happened

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

