Chapter 1: Captain America
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“-----and you’re not even listening!”Peter Parker was about twenty seconds away from dozing off. And not in the cute, fall asleep, head-in-hand, minimum drool kind of way, but the kind that would mean definitely smacking his head on the table of this crowded cafeteria. Even if he went through with face planting into his textbook, even through all the laughter and commotion of the action, he would still probably find himself in a deep and reverent sleep and honestly he was starting to favor that deal. Who cares if all the best and brightest of the greater NY area would probably meme the hell out of this experience--- sleep, even the kind that came from being knocked unconscious was a very pertinent guest right now. Ned Leeds, best friend supreme, was probably the only thing keeping him awake.“No, no I am listening… you said…” Involuntarily he closed his eyes again, and could feel the cool tug of sleep. Just five minutes. That’s all he needed, and then he’d be good.“And now you’re falling asleep again----- DUDE!”Peter snapped awake, blinking through his exhaustion like it was a physical obstacle.“No! ‘m not falling asleep I was just…. Visualizing what you were saying.”Although his yawn impaired his vision, Peter felt rather than saw Ned’s eye roll. “Really? Visualizing? With your eyes closed? Visualize this.” Ned gave him a particular finger and Peter laughed, swiping at his hand as a means to put it away.Last night had been rough. He was so incredibly close to catching this big-bad who self-named himself ‘The Vulture’ when two of his henchmen had caught onto Spider-Man trailing them. They moved in a caravan, and Peter had taken a wrong guess as to which vehicle would be the most lucrative. ‘The Vulture’ got away in some stereotypical black SUV, but the one at the back of the parade hadn’t been so lucky. His goons were webbed up appropriately by the downtown 8th Bakery, with a note asking for a garbage pick-up ASAP. He hadn’t gotten their ring leader, but whatever was in that van had clearly been important enough for the guys to try (and fail) to barter their way out.Now, Peter Parker was sitting in some public Brooklyn High School cafeteria waiting for the regional Decathlon match to begin. It was MJ’s first as captain and she had explicitly emphasized that she will castrate anyone under performing, so yeah, maybe he needed a wake up call.“Seriously dude, where were you last night? Tony called my mom and I had to pretend like you were in the bathroom. For like hours. She thinks you’re trying to pass a kidney stone.”With the bruises he got from last night, he’s starting to prefer some of the outlandish lies Ned makes up. The walnut sized bruise on his sternum was only just now fading, and that had been from a skirmish two days ago. He may heal fast but it seems like he stays eternally sore now.“I know, I’m sorry, I was… busy. I almost caught that Vulture guy, it was…” awesome. “painful. He got away but I picked up some weird tech from his car I’ve got to decode…” He patted his backpack fondly as a reference. He would love to consult the world’s most brilliant man Tony Stark on this but explaining how exactly he got his hands on some black market tech was not a conversation he’d like to start.“I promise to make it up to you, how about you stay at the compound this weekend? Tony put in a new surround sound so it’ll feel like we’re actually in Naboo when we watch Phantom Menance.”Ned brought a hand to his face and stroked his chin as if in deep thought. It was clear since this morning that Ned wasn’t mad, just worried, but sweetening the deal was just a friendship courtesy. “Accept your apology, I do.” Ned answered.Peter went in to solidify the deal with their hand shake, but before their fingers could meet, MJ appeared and slammed a dense pile of books on the space between them.“Brought you nerds some homework.” She announced, gesturing at the mound like it were a present. “I have a feeling they’re going to ask about relative frequencies, statistical probabilities, Z-scores, you know, the fun stuff.”Ned flipped through the first few pages on one of the books. Even if Peter had been literally struck by lightning in that moment, he still would have fallen asleep just from looking at that book. No way he was going to last the day running on E. The word ‘statistical probabilities’ in itself was like a warm cup of milk to his brain.“How are you so sure?” Ned questioned, still looking at the book like it was cursed.“Captain’s intuition. The force. Sixth sense. Pick your favorite nerd reference.” And with no parting gesture, she walked away towards the adjacent table where Flash & Gwen were studying History. It was comments like that that made Peter’s heart drop to his ankle. With all this double meaning MJ packed behind her words she had to know, but what really drove Peter crazy was HOW she could k
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
disgusting fluff mixed with just the right amount of angst
listen with civil war AND infinity war trying to break the band up
a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do ya feel
Peter Parker deserves a family send tweet
But also
Peter Parker has a dirty little secret & superdads are big mad
Superfamily
Iron Dad
spider son
Superfamily (Marvel)

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

