Chapter 1: Battle
    




Chapter Text

Battle
 
Thor’s return to earth was in a battle full of Doom Bots.
 
Not that he really minded. He liked greeting his friends and announcing his presence dramatically. Being the dramatic back up by using the Bifrost was as Dramatic as one could really get. 
 
He greeted his old friends through a loud yell or through comms. But noticed over the comms he had heard new voices. New comrades to have joined the initiative. Some were semi-familiar.
 
He had met Conel Rhodes during the Ultron incident. He was flying with Tony, as well as commander Falcon, or ‘Sam’ as the Captain had said. They had joined them in battle and fought heroically.
 
Some heroics came from some unexpected persons, in his opinion. The witch they had fought in the battle of Ultron was fighting with them, but he cut off his suspicions early because… well she was scarlet witch, and she seemed to be doing just fine on her own. Another was the lost friend Captain had been searching for, but he seemed as strong and as capable as the Captain himself.
 
The first truly new one he was introduced to was a shrinking man, who had appeared out of seemingly nowhere. Earth’s magic had gotten better. He had thought, but he proved to be particularly clever. And strong.
 
The second was probably the most shock when he heard a child over the comms 10 minutes after he had arrived.
 
“Nice to see you joined the party kid.” Tony said through the comms and he listened to the reply.
 
“Oh yeah, I saw a lighting bolt and thought electro decided to take over 5th avenue again… but it was just you guys.” he said in a deadpanned way. Then a sudden flash of red and blue, but mostly red, knocked out a row of doom bots in front of him. A masked man in red and blue swinged from what looked like a web.
 
“Who are you child?” Thor asked suspiciously as the child was sifting through the doom bots that he just defeated. “And what are you doing?” he asked in a loud voice, the child jumped a bit.
 
“Uhm...Hey-Hey I-I’m Spiderman...woah you-you’re 

Thor

.” the Spider child seemed to be in awe, and he would’ve acknowledged the praise if he wasn’t so suspicious. He lifted his hammer a bit and the child back up. “Woah, woah hey...same side. I was just- well I guess it was a bit of a hope and-”
 
“Get to the point.” Thor said lowly.
 
“Right, right. I was trying to find a way to track these guys. They must have a power source that shuts them down somewhere. So if I can see where their commanding signal is coming from I can-” he was interrupted by a blast of a doom boy he had to dodge. Quick, Thor noted. 
 
“I will provide cover and you may be able to achieve what you are able to in battle.” Thor said standing in front of the Spider Child. The boy nodded and set back to work. 
 
Thor hammered through the on coming doom bots for 5 minutes before the kid said “I have a location!” and shot a web to the sky scrapers. 
 
Thor called Milner back through the bots and flew up to fly next to the boy, that didn’t protest to his coming. Thor noticed he hadn’t called for back up, so he had assumed that the Spider Child had expected him to come. When they landed at the warehouse near the sea, however, he noticed the boy had a shocked face on when he looked to Thor. He didn’t say anything though.
 
They battled robots and Thor noticed that the Spider Child was exceedingly strong. Strong and quick and made good use of those webs. Thor didn’t notice the smile that spread on his face when the boy started to quip, and most of them were bad but the god had joined right along as he swung and threw his hammer.
 
They had managed to shut down the base, and Thor had only turned for a second to inform the other they had done so but when he turned back around to find the boy, he was gone. Thor smushed the disappointment at not praising the child for his work and flew to greet his friends more properly at the tower.
 
He noticed the Spider Child's absence but did not say anything.
 
OoOoO
 
The next day was Friday.
 
“And then he called it back through the bots and-” Peter was cut off by his telling of the awesome battle at lunch. Ned was soaking up every second of his tail that he was whispering loudly but excitedly about the battle yesterday and fighting with Thor. Not leaving a single detail out, no matter how small, just how Ned liked it. Then Flash had dumped milk all over him and it had cut him off abruptly. 
 
“Sorry. Did I interrupt your nerd fest?” Flash asked mockingly and Peter grumbled about how he was going to go to work smelling like expired milk. No one heard him obviously. Oh well. He had a sweatshirt in his locker that he could cover up the milk with anyway. Even if it was a bit too hot for a sweatshirt, the tower was pretty cold.
 
“Come on dude. That wasn’t cool.” Ned defended with a furrowed brow.
 
“Come on Parker. Milk is good for your bones.” Flash looked smug and Peter rolled his eyes.
 
“That’s if you consume it.”Ned grumbled ”And I think if y
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Thor

freeform: 
Fluff
Light Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Precious Peter Parker
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
He's such a dad
Friendship
Sharing Clothes
Protective Thor
Clint still plays a DS fight me
5+1 Things

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Thor

