Chapter 1: The Beginning
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
She was just an ordinary woman – astute and efficient in her job, but sometimes brash in her decisions, according to her peers. In her free time, though, she loved watching her fair share of movies and was oddly fond of the superhero genre. There's just something nice about the fact that the world has someone to rely on whenever there's trouble, and no one else had perfected the superhero genre more than Marvel Studios. But Marvel was only a past time, a fleeting interest to make use of her spare time, and had no overall impact in her life whatsoever.… All right, she partly lied. It was much more than a fleeting interest, but not really something she considers an obsession. She watched the movies, studied the lore and the theories, hummed the theme on random occasions, but she's not fanatical enough to read the comic books. To conclude, she was just an average fan.Then came Thor: Ragnarok. She had been so excited, the trailer looked amazing, and she had always loved the Thor series out of all of the MCU movies. This was something she won't pass up, and so she saved money for the tickets and went to the premiere.The movie was really good. Best of all, Loki was not the only interesting villain anymore (though he'll always remain her favorite), now there's Hela, the evil goddess of death who was also Thor and Loki's older sister (which surprised her when she first found out. After all, wasn't she Loki's daughter in the original myths?) She found it interesting that Loki now had someone he actually looked like in the family, and that someone was actually a legitimate child.She enjoyed it immensely, and found herself wondering what exactly happened to Hela when Asgard was destroyed. Was she dead, or will she be back?Turns out, that was the last coherent thought she had before everything went wrong.At exactly the end of the movie, a hysterical man suddenly burst into the theater, screaming and waving around a gun, and shot her in the chest before immediately being shoved to the floor by security. But the damage had already been done. She - who had been sitting several seats and aisles away from the man and therefore, should not have been shot any more than the rest of the people in the room - could only conclude that either she's really unlucky or there was some other force at work.Her adrenaline's still high after watching the movie, which explained why she did not entirely register what had happened until she was already lying on the floor, the impact and excruciating pain in her chest completely taking her by surprise. She had gasped and curled up, her throat and lungs filled with blood, her whole body trembling in agony.All around her, people screamed and panicked, with only a few brave people staying to try to help her and call 911. She wished she could have remembered their faces, so that she may thank them for their help after she recovered, but the pain was too much. She soon succumbed to the darkness that was beckoning to her, the people shouting for her to "hold on!" fading until there is nothing left but blessed silence.As she had said, Marvel was only a past time – a fleeting interest – and had no overall impact in her life whatsoever.Why then, did it make an impact in death?... 
"Rise, young one,"

  "Rise, young one," 
  "Rise, young one," 


"...and instill change." 


 ... ...Pain.Burning, raw, mind-numbing pain.There was no air in her lungs, and yet she was alive and struggling. She gasped and tried hard to breathe in as much air as possible, but there was nothing.She must have blacked out at some point, because the next thing she knew, she was gasping and crying as sweet, sweet air started to fill up her deprived lungs, her eyes uncontrollably leaking tears as she focused on breathing steadily and trying not to be sick.


"BREATHE!"


'I'm trying!' She almost cried before doing her best to focus on what the voices told her. Finally, the black slowly crept out of the edge of her vision until she could finally see, albeit through tear-filled and blurry eyes. Almost immediately, sound resumed and loud voices and some soft murmurs quickly assaulted her ears, causing her to scrunch up her face in pain.What the hell happened? Why does she feel so weak?Panic built up when she discovered her eyelids felt unusually heavy, (Was she drugged? Drunk?) it took an embarrassingly long moment before she could finally open them to find out where she was.That was a mistake.The first thing she registered was that everything her eyes gazed upon was so bright. It was in fact so bright and blinding that she found her eyes again leaking tears as she squeezed them back shut. In doing so, she was then hyper-aware when she felt her body being cradled by the warmest arms she'd ever felt, and she hesitantly opened her eyes again to meet a dark-haired woman with exhausted but fierce green eyes and a gaunt fac
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)

freeform: 
Self-Insert
Rebirth
Reincarnation
Big Sister Hela
Kind Hela
Fix-It
Sibling Bonding
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Worldbuilding
Character Development
Original Character(s)
Mild Language
Childhood Friends
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
BAMF Hela (Marvel)
Good Hela
Protective Hela (Marvel)
POV Hela (Marvel)
Hela-centric (Marvel)
Pre-Thor (2011)
pre- anything really
Protective Frigga (Marvel)
BAMF Frigga (Marvel)
Let me take you all on a tour around the Nine Realms
It's all the Norns' fault
Politics
Asgardian Politics (Marvel)
Not Canon Compliant

fandom: 
Frigga | Freyja/Odin (Marvel)

