Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony Stark’s morning begins, like everybody else’s, with an alarm that he silences five times before rolling out of bed. Like everybody who owns an en suite, he stumbles into the shower with his eyes shut and emerges fully awake, towel wrapped around his hips. Like every multibillionaire, he contemplates his extensive wardrobe full of bespoke suits and pressed trousers, but, like everybody who works from home, he eventually decides on a black vest and pair of grey sweatpants.This is where his routine stops having anything in common with anyone else’s.Every day, Tony Stark gives his pitch black arms a long, annoyed look, then proceeds to cover them completely with a jersey jacket and a thin pair of gloves regardless of the weather. With a longsuffering sigh at his half-black neck, he fastens the jacket all the way up. Pulling a pair of socks onto his (also pitch black) feet, he eyes himself once in the mirror, nods in satisfaction that none of the black is showing, and shuffles out of the room.Most people don’t ask why he dresses like he’s allergic to the sun. They figure that it’s one of those quirks that extremely smart and extremely high-profile people tend to have in abundance.They’re not exactly wrong. It is a quirk. But it’s not a quirk of his personality. It’s not even a medical condition.It’s just that he’s absolutely drowning in soulmarks.Past experience has taught him that people rarely react well to that. Even Rhodey, whom Tony had known for a few years before telling, spent a handful of days staring at Tony afterwards like his skin would start glowing through his sleeves and collar and gloves at any moment.By then, it was fifteen years post-presentation and not a single one of his marks had ever glowed or faded. There was no way to tell if half the world was his soulmate or if he just had one who was going to make a habit of dying. Considering the lack of glowing and faded marks, though, Tony’s money was (and still is) on the one soulmate who couldn’t stop dying. After all, if Tony really had enough soulmates to nearly completely cover his skin, it was absurdly unlikely that not a single one of them had died in fifteen years.Pepper, bless her, only blinked once and continued being her professional self after walking in on him in his workshop with his jacket off because he’d been ignoring her increasingly frustrated voicemails. He'd probably try to date her if he weren't so worried about a potentially catastrophic event that kills his soulmate way too many times. Ever since he became Iron Man, knowledge about things like that tend to make him want to spend all his time developing preventative measures, which of course leaves no time for anything more significant than a fling. And Pepper deserves better than that.Today is just like any other day. FRIDAY recites a rundown of his schedule (nothing but a full day of tinkering) while he makes coffee and mopes about how quiet life is these days without SHIELD and the Avengers needing something from him every two hours.“FRIDAY, consolidate unusual events since last update and give me the highlights reel. Prioritise those that may be large-scale security risks.”“Yes, Boss. At 22:58 last night…” FRIDAY begins, her voice echoing in the emptiness of the common living space at the compound.God, he really hopes Peter drops by today. He could do with some reassurance that he’s not alone in the world right now.---Peter does come. In fact, he comes at an hour that most teenagers (and occasionally Tony) would deem ungodly—eight in the morning.Tony is only just getting started with his latest modification to Rhodey’s leg braces when Peter comes bouncing in, talking in that cracking teenage voice of his that Tony has come to associate with uncontrollable verbal waterfalls and enough energy to outcompete an arc reactor. “Hey, Mister Stark! Good morning,” Peter greets as he sets his bag down and pulls out his Spider-Man suit.“Morning, Underoos. Suit upgrade today?”“Yeah. I have this amazing idea called ‘permanently disable Instant-Kill’ but I’ll settle for ‘permanently disable the Batman voice in Advanced Interrogation Mode,’” Peter says, looking at Tony hopefully. In the couple of months since Tony offered (and Peter turned down) a position as an Avenger, Peter has made the compound something like his second home. Tony’s not about to turn away the only other person who shares the vast living space with him.“Didn’t work the last six times, won’t work this time. Also, you’d know how to do that if you didn’t disable the Training Wheels Protocol. Get your ‘man in the chair’ to do that for you,” Tony replies, grinning, then clears his worktable by sweeping everything off to one side. DUM-E raises a fire extinguisher in response to the sudden noise and movement but a quick, pointed look makes him turn away as if disappointed.Peter shrugs and lays the suit out on the bench top
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Slow Burn
Strangers to Friends to Lovers
Falling In Love

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

