Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The very idea that Steve was coming back sent shivers down Tony’s spine. It’d been two years since he’d seen the patriotic soldier, and to be completely honest, he wasn’t quite sure he wanted to see him, EVER. Sure, Tony still loved him. Tony would always love him, but the day Steve chose to leave him stranded in the middle of the cold winters of Siberia alone, waltzing off with his parent’s murderer, was the day Tony’s whole world came crumbling down.
Sure, Tony was aware he and Cap were on opposing sides, and yeah, he understood that by catching Cap he was sentencing him to lock up, but Tony was also positive that it wouldn’t take long for the forces to release Cap. He was Captain America after all. What Tony hadn’t been expecting was that the love of his life would leave him beaten, cold, and completely alone.
“Yeah, mark it down for eight.” Tony adjusted his tie as he stood outside, his eyes focused on the plane coming in for a landing. “I can have them ready by tomorrow, open to the public and fetch the kid while you’re at it.”
“You ready for this Tony?” Rhodey spoke up from Tony’s right as he lay a hand on his shoulder, giving it a firm squeeze.
 “I don’t care if he has school, tell him to be there.” Tony clicked his tongue as he cocked an eyebrow at his oldest friend. “Alright, get that in order and send everything over to my main frame, I’ll have F.R.I.D.A.Y. put the rest in order, bye.” The billionaire let out an exhausted sigh before finally answering his friend. “Of course, I’m ready, why wouldn’t I be? Not as if I have a choice on the matter, right? I can’t order a delay in his arrival now, can I?” Tony paused as he glanced to his friend. “Can I?”
 “No, you can’t.” Rhodey shook his head as he let his hand run smoothly over the billionaire’s upper back, soothing his tense muscles in the slightest. “Just relax, it’s okay, it’s not like he’s gonna get off that plane expecting things to be how they used to. In fact, maybe he’s just as nervous as you are.”
 “What? I’m not nervous. Who said I’m nervous. I’m as calm as calm gets. Perfectly zen; one with the universe and all that jazz.” Tony pulled his sunglasses out of his pocket and opened them up, smoothly slipping them over his ears. “Now, shut up, the planes landing.”
It wasn’t until his old flame stood right in front of him that he felt his stomach clench. The familiar head of blonde hair, smooth skin, blue eyes, though the beard was new, and very suiting. His brown eyes met Steve’s blue ones and he immediately averted his gaze and cleared his throat.
 “Welcome back.” Tony clapped, rubbing his hands together as his signature smirk fell on his lips. “Tomorrow we have a press meeting to announce your return, and the day after that we have a meeting with a few congressmen to discuss terms and conditions regarding your assured safety and protocols on American soil.” Tony let his gaze glide across his old teammates. “But for now, shall we head inside for a bit of rest, you guys must be tired? Jet lag?”
 “Sleep sounds pretty good.” Natasha spoke up, breaking the awkward atmosphere that surrounded them. “Let’s go.”
 Tony nodded as he stepped to the side and gestured for them to head inside. Natasha nodded her head in acknowledgement as she stepped around the genius mechanic, the rest of the group following her lead.
 “I’ve gotta head out Tony, I’ll check back in to make sure you guys haven’t killed each other first thing in the morning, got it?” Rhodey called over his shoulder as he headed toward the front of the Avengers quarters.
 “Yeah, sure thing, mom.” Tony called back, receiving a laugh from his friend before he rounded the corner.
“You look good, Tony.”
 Tony’s eyes snapped forward at the familiar, melodic voice that spoke his name. The same voice that’d woken him up many mornings on end. The same voice that’d penetrate his nightmares and pull him from his darkest pits of despair, into a pair of familiar, warm, loving arms. The same voice that used to assure him that he was okay. Had it been two years ago, he’d have melted on the spot, fell into those loving arms and breathed in the same cool scent he was so madly in love with, but he couldn’t do that now.
Couldn’t? No. He wouldn’t do that now. He wouldn’t let himself fall into the same hands that’d left him cold, broken… alone.
 “Yeah, well, time has the magic ability to heal the skin from harsh blows and broken ribs.” Tony snapped in return, focusing his eyes into those beautiful blue ones. “Though, I can’t quite say the same for relationships and mentality.”
 “Tony, I-“
 “Save it.” Tony huffed as he held his hand out in front of him. “I don’t have time for formalities. I have meetings to attend. Your rooms in the same place, I’ll be back tomorrow to take you guys to that press conference.”
 Tony took Steve’s hesitation as his cue to leave.
 “See ya later, Cap.”




Notes:

I have an
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Iron Man/Deadpool
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (past)
Thor/Tony Stark (past;one sided)
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (past)

freeform: 
Ironpool
Love
Unrequited Love
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Trust Issues
Jealousy
broken relationship
One-Sided Attraction
Mutual Pining
Kiss Kiss Fall in Love
I have no idea what I'm doing
If you like Angsty love stories click HERE
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark has misconceptions
Steve Rogers is a jerk
Just in this though
Second chances don't always work out
Lovely Wade Wilson
Anti-Stony
Tony Stark and Steve Rogers are not end product
This is an IronPool love story
Civil War Team Iron Man
Don’t read this if you’re hoping for a STony fanfic
Steve gets redemption (sorta)
Not Beta Read
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Wade Wilson
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Iron Man/Deadpool
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark (past)
Thor/Tony Stark (past;one sided)
Tony Stark/Pepper Potts (past)

