Work Text:

Peter and Wade slipped back through Wade’s bedroom window and Peter immediately yanked Wade’s mask off of his own head.


“Don’t you ever wash those?” He laughed and tossed it across the room to Wade.


Wade caught it and feigned offense. “At least yearly!”


Peter flopped down onto Wade’s bed. “I seem to recall some promises being made.”


Wade pulled his own mask off, revealing a wide grin. He leaned forward over Peter, unbuttoning his jeans and sliding them down off his legs. Peter helped him by kicking them off, sitting up on his elbows to watch what Wade was doing. Wade kneeled down on the bed between Peter’s legs and pushed his shirt up, kissing down his chest to the waistband of his boxers. Peter let out a slight huff, pushing his hips forward. Wade trailed his kisses down the insides of Peter’s thighs, sucking softly on the sensitive skin just below the hem of his boxers. A long whine escaped Peter’s throat and his legs spread slightly. Wade took the opportunity and pulled his boxers all the way off. He let out an involuntary groan at the sight of Peter’s cock hard and waiting for him. 


Abruptly, Wade grabbed Peter by the hips and flipped him onto his stomach. Peter let out a slight yelp, but let himself be manhandled. With his hands still under Peter’s hips, Wade guided him to put his knees on the bed and pulled his ass up into the air. Grinning, he brought his gloved hand down and spanked Peter. Peter moaned into the mattress, pushing his ass out further. 


“You like that, baby boy?” Wade growled, bringing his hand down to spank the other side.


Peter whimpered in response, his body still pressing closer to Wade’s hands. Wade smiled and leaned forward, sinking his teeth into the back of Peter’s thigh. Peter squealed, but his body still leaned in for more. His hands gripped the sheets tightly. Wade sucked firmly, pulling away when he was satisfied that there was a mark. Peter’s hips rolled forward, humping at the air, and he let out a long, high pitched moan. Wade dragged his tongue up the back of Peter’s thigh and between his cheeks, lapping over his hole. His hands kneaded into the bright red handprints he had left on Peter’s ass. Peter’s cock bounced between the mattress and his stomach, searching for more contact. He tried to bring his hand down to touch himself, but Wade grabbed his wrist and tossed it away. Peter let out a long whine of protest which turned into a moan when Wade’s tongue found its way inside of him. Peter tried to roll his hips, but Wade’s hands held him firmly in place. Even with superhuman strength, Peter wasn’t nearly as strong as Wade, something that inexplicably turned him on. 


Wade kept rolling his tongue over Peter’s hole, pulling away slightly just long enough to tell Peter, “If you don’t keep your hands up there I’m gonna tie them down.”


Peter whined loudly, gripping into the sheets.


Wade smiled and brought his mouth down to suck each of Peter’s balls gently into his mouth. Peter’s hips stuttered, searching for any kind of contact on his aching cock. Wade kept a firm grip on his hips, forcing him to stay still with his ass pushed up into the air and his face buried in the mattress. He let his tongue put more pressure on Peter’s hole which was finally relaxed enough to allow him entrance. He forced his tongue into Peter as far as he could, twisting and flicking it against his inner walls. Peter rewarded him will a string of high pitched mewling noises that were going to stick in his brain forever. His hands grasped at the sheets, itching to make their way down to his cock. 


“Wade,” Peter panted. “Please.”


Wade ignored Peter’s pleas and kept his tongue working around his ass. Peter’s legs started to tremble in his grip. Wade could see his cock pulsing and bouncing against his stomach, leaving a thin trail of clear fluid dripping from it. Peter’s eyes rolled back into his head and his whole body started to shake. He felt like he was coming, but knew that that was impossible. His abdomen muscles flexed and he felt his whole body trying to convulse except for where Wade was holding him tightly. When Wade’s mouth pulled away, Peter let out a long cry, trying desperately to move his hips back towards him. 


“Don’t you worry, sweetheart.” Wade smiled. “Daddy’s got you.”


Wade pushed the bottoms of his suit out of way and lined the head of his cock up with Peter’s slickened ass. He replaced his firm grip on Peter’s hips since he was stronger than he looked and he wasn’t sure he could completely hold him with one hand. When he was satisfied that Peter couldn’t move, he rolled his hips, teasing the head of his cock over Peter’s entrance. Peter let out a long, panting moan. Wade could see the tears that were bubbling up in his eyes. He curled his fingers tighter into Peter’s hips, letting only the head of his cock enter him. Peter sobbed, trying desperately to move his hips. Wade knew that he was going to have some decent sized bruises in the morning. 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Shameless Smut
Orgasm Denial
BDSM
Aftercare
Dominant Wade Wilson
Submissive Peter Parker
Top Wade Wilson
Bottom Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

