Work Text:
"How many times do you think Steve can come?"Natasha twists in his arms to turn away from the TV and frown at him. "What the hell?"Bucky shrugs. "I was just thinking 's all. You know, 'cause he can't get drunk, doesn't really run out of steam when he runs or.... does anything, really. So I was just curious."Natasha makes a doubtful noise and curls back into him on the couch. She goes back to flipping through channels, trying to find something for them to watch, but Bucky can't push the thought out of his mind.He knows it's more than once-  the first night on the long march back to camp, when Bucky had woken from another Hydra nightmare, Steve had moved in close and wrapped his arms tight around him."Shh, I got you Buck, you're fine," he'd murmured, mouth at Bucky's ear. He'd held Bucky until he realized where he was, until he realized Steve's dick was pressed up hard against his back. Bucky hadn't thought twice about rolling over and quietly jerking Steve off, because this was Steve- his best friend in the whole world, the only person he's ever really loved, the guy he'd do literally anything for. And after Steve had come, his mouth pressed into Bucky's shoulder to keep quiet, he was still hard as a rock."It's a serum thing, don't worry about it," was all Steve had said before rolling Bucky back over and spooning him tightly. "Try and go back to sleep, Buck.""Stop thinking about it," Natasha says, snapping him back to reality."I'm not," he lies."Your dick says otherwise."Bucky grins and kisses her cheek lightly. "Sorry, Nat."She flips back around to look at him. "How does this even come up?""Just thinking," he says, wiggling his eyebrows. "Don't tell me you've never thought of it," he says, smile growing.Natasha shrugs. "Maybe. Once or twice." Her eyes widen and her jaw drops as she realizes what he's thinking before he even says it. "James, you're seriously not thinking-"He cuts her off with a kiss. "C'mon, Natalia, it'll be fun. You want him, I want him..." Natasha raises an eyebrow at that but Bucky's grin doesn't fade. "You've seen him, you can't blame me- fuck, he's more a god than Thor. And you know about that time on the road.""Thought that was just soldiers helping soldiers," she says, eyebrow raised, but there's a hint of lust in her eyes and Bucky knows he's got her."You think about that a lot?" Bucky murmurs, snaking his right arm between them and into her pajama pants.Natasha arches into his touch and nods. "Okay, I'm in. Not that it matters, because Steve is never going to agree. But it could be fun."Bucky laughs. "You don't know Steve as well as I do. It's all in how you phrase it." It takes a week of both of them shamelessly flirting with Steve before Bucky figures it's okay to ask. They'd been touching Steve at every possible opportunity to try and gauge his reaction- Natasha sitting too close at meetings, Bucky casually resting his hand on Steve's thigh while they watched baseball, both of them brushing against him way too often whenever they passed in Stark Tower.It's at the point of obvious that when Natasha invites Steve to hang out on their floor after dinner one night, Steve quietly asks her if something had happened between her and Bucky. Bucky hears and laughs loudly. "Nah, Steve, everything's perfect. Maybe we just wanna hang out with you.""Then sure," Steve says, walking past them to the elevator. Natasha raises an eyebrow and Bucky winks at her. Bucky waits until they're all settled in on the couches, half-watching the Yankees lose, content and relaxed, before he asks. "You know, Steve, I was thinking the other day," he starts. "About your super soldier serum.""Pretty sure S.H.I.E.L.D. could tell you more than I could," Steve replies with a shrug.Bucky laughs. "Probably not this. But you know how you, you know, have super endurance when you run? Well, what about when you fuck?"Steve chokes on absolutely nothing and his face goes pink. "What?"Bucky smiles watching Steve squirm. He knows Steve's no prude, but he's old-fashioned enough that talking about sex makes him a little uncomfortable. "How many times can you come in one go?"Steve's gaze flickers to Natasha, who's just watching him, and he blushes more. "Buck, I don't think this is something to talk about in front of a lady."Natasha and Bucky both laugh at that. "Natalia's no lady, so no need to worry there. So how many times, Steve?""Dunno," Steve mumbles, not looking either of them in the eye."Bullshit," Bucky says. "You've gotta know. It's gotta be more than once- hell, even I can come more than once.""Not without effort," Natasha quips. "But I'm not a super soldier," Bucky points out. "Unlike some people we know."Steve finally mumbles something that sounds like "just two." Bucky's eyes flash back to Natasha and they grin at each other. "Seriously, Steve? I bet we can get you to like, three or four. Whaddaya think?"Steve frowns at him. "What do you mean, what do I think?""Nat and I wanna fuck you and see how many t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

freeform: 
Threesome - F/M/M
Multiple Orgasms
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov

