Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text

The thing about Tony is, he’s heard a lot of shit over the years.

He’s heard why he shouldn’t have been left in charge of SI, why Obie should have taken the throne or at least reined him in more. He’s heard why he’s a slut, why he’s a waste of space. He’s heard vivid, graphic descriptions of what exactly his place 

is

, and how someone ought to put him there.

He’s heard people order what feels like a death sentence to him in the calmest fucking voices.

The shittiest things to hear, though, are what people have done to avoid hearing.

Maria Stark, for instance, so doped up on pills most days that she was in a haze. That the space between reality and wherever the alpha voice sent omegas was blurred, so she’d never know either way. Never have to confront it. Never could confront anything else either, her son no more real to her than any other figment.

Or Bruce, for example. Bruce, an omega scientist who clawed through the shit and honestly, it was impressive that he got where he was. Got a military-funded project, all on his own, no fortune or family name to help him along.

The idea was to make more super soldiers, and Bruce worked through that, but, privately, he thought maybe his experiment could break whatever made him omega, whatever made his instincts compelled to go soft and pliant at the right register. Maybe what he needed was a supersoldier gene.

Well, it worked, in a certain manner. Bruce is still undeniably an omega but the Hulk isn’t, and the Hulk doesn’t like alpha voice much. People are very, very careful about using it front of Bruce.

Less careful are they about their cutting, if regular, words. Bruce takes them in stride, Tony knows, because he’s relieved those words don’t 

make 

him do anything, and that is the shittiest thing he’s ever heard.

Or Clint. Clint who lost his hearing at twenty-two, who’s a beta and doesn’t even need the benefits of that. Sure, it sucks. But Clint’s strength is his eyes and he gets by mostly fine with his hearing aids and lip-reading. He just can’t hear some registers. Including the register an alpha voice hits. Tony knows, he’s run tests.

Tony debated maiming his own ears the first time someone forced him to his knees. Clint’s was an accident. Tony had acid and a scalpel ready.

There’s no guarantee it would have even worked, but Tony had chickened out.

He’s seen others go through with it though. Seen what drives them to that point, and sees how people look at them after.

People like that are left like second-class citizens. Not quite omega anymore, not seen like omegas—whether that is a blessing or a curse—but definitely still treated like an inferior caste of people.

Omegas, basically, but now unfuckable. Uncontrollable. Their worth was in the ability to treat them like objects, and every time he thinks about it, Tony wants to throw up in his mouth a little.

Sure, they have explanations and reasons for it. Against what nature intended. God’s will. Destroying the balance between alpha and omega, tearing at the very culture that makes society work. For the omega’s best interest, because omega’s are fragile and valuable and they 

need

 an alpha, it’s for their own good. Sure, they explain it like that, but it sounds like so much horse shit that Tony’s not sure why so many people can’t hear it.

Bruce, well, when Bruce was on the run, he says no one much minded him. There are apparently places in the world where being an omega isn’t virtually a prison sentence. And even if he wasn’t in those places, well, Maslow’s hierarchy of needs. He had a skill that led to survival, and that beat out the desire to dominate every time. But back in the US, things were pretty miserable.

Tony had studied chemistry, had hired chemists no one else would touch. Looked for suppressants and blockers and fucking chemical cures, things that would rip away a part of himself, but alternatively give him his freedom. He’d found them, too, many of them.

The FDA had denied every one, even sometimes going so far as to fine Tony for them, and Tony still can’t tell if it’s blatant prejudice and suppression, or if it’s because the cures are legitimately dangerous. Maybe a mixture of both.

The simplest cure turned out to be JARVIS, implanted in his ear and ready to give him a violent electric shock whenever an alpha voice was nearby. Definitely not FDA approved, but Tony only ever installed it in himself, so it didn’t have to be.

Not clean. Not elegant. And, worst of all, unable to help others. But it’s the best protection Tony has.

It’s the times he doesn’t have JARVIS that are the worst.
 
In the two years since the other Avengers left him, Tony’s done his best to focus on other things.

Like that Parker kid. Peter. Sweet, hard-working Peter, who knows the world is going to rip it all away from him but desperately claws for half a chance anyways.

Tony’s debated offering him implants, like he has, but he can’t bring himself to giv
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
one sided Tony Stark/Thanos

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Omega Peter Parker
Consent Issues
Oppression
fucked up dynamics
serious study and subversion of the trope
attemped forced mating
(not between Tony and Bucky)
Tony is a badass
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
former Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Former Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Overcoming Obstacles
good guy Bucky Barnes
alpha voice
Post Civil War
Civil War Team Iron Man
team accords
even when they're being dicks to Tony
Tony sees them as a brighter future
will always be team accords
Steve Rogers is not always a good guy
like he doesn't think he's bad but he doesn't get it
I'll add more tags as needed
Slow Burn
Background Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan - Freeform
Aliens
build up to Infinity War
NSFW
chapter twelve is nsfw
chapter eighteen is nsfw
chapter twenty-three is nsfw
Infinity War
chapter twenty-four reaches infinity war
Temporary Character Death
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
thanos is awful
Minor Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
one sided Tony Stark/Thanos

