Chapter 1: One: With A Phone
    




Chapter Text

One
 
Peter was 11 when he realised he didn’t have as much money as the other kids. He knew it could be a lot worse, of course it could. He had a roof over his head and food in his stomach. He had his own bedroom, he and Ben had converted it from an office themselves. He felt loved, of course he did. He was surrounded by love every single day, but he couldn’t help notice how the smile always slipped from May’s face when she looked at the price tag or how they used a tattered, old baseball glove to play catch in the park or how Peter never got the bike he wanted on his birthday.
 
He didn’t ask for much, didn’t want to be even more a burden than he already thought he was. He understood that May and Ben didn’t ask for him. They hadn’t saved any money for school books or the newest Xbox. Peter taught himself how to rebuild things using YouTube tutorials and WikiHow articles then sold his hard work on eBay for money to spend on food and clothes so Ben and May wouldn't have to buy anything for him. He wore his trainers until they were falling apart at the seams then got knew ones at a charity shop for $5. He didn’t want to give Ben and May any reasons to not want him.
 
Peter finally understood he didn’t have as much money as the other kids while he was at Ned’s house. They normally hung out at Ned’s. For one, it was an actual house and not an apartment and it had all the new tech Peter saw ads for in between episodes of Bill Nye. Ned’s family had a fridge that spat out ice and a tv the size of Peter’s arms stretched out as desperately wide as he could manage without snapping, but doubled.
 
Ned and Peter had been planning a sleepover at Peter's for weeks. Both May and Ben would be working on the night they chose (wow what a coincidence). Ned decided it wouldn't be a good idea to tell his Mami that. He was in Ned’s bedroom while Ned went to ask his mother if he could go to Peter’s apartment that night. Peter was laying on the floor with his ear to the crack between the door and the baby blue carpet that felt softer than his bed listening with all his might.
 
 Ned’s mother said no without hesitating. When Ned asked why she said the neighbourhood Peter lived in was too ‘dangerous’. Peter was only 11 but even he understood that dangerous meant poor when he was in a house with these too soft carpets and mahogany doors. Ned came back in and Peter said he felt sick and had to go home.



Peter closed the cheap fake wood door of his bedroom and lay down on the scratchy second-hand carpet. He looked up at his musty ceiling and felt the carpet scratching him through his supermarket shirt and dragging itself across his back like the claws of the monster living under his eyelids at night.
 Peter thought a lot that night but mostly he thought about how unfair it was that Ned got a soft carpet while Peter got one that made his back bleed after a night spent lying on it.
 Life went on. Everything was mostly fine. Peter was loved and his makeshift family of 3 was happy in their cramped cozy apartment. May worked extra shifts. Then Ben worked extra shifts. Then they both worked extra shifts at the same time and all Peter could do while they were gone was make dinner and set the table.  
But that was before the spider bite when Peter had the normal metabolism of a 13-year-old boy. After the bite things got harder. There were more repairs around the house from times Peter forgot his own strength, like when he accidentally pulled off the handle of the fridge. That was a hard one to explain. The food bills started to go up and Peter’s weight just kept coming down, so Peter started to go to bed hungry. Then he’d skip breakfast and say he had a lunch in his empty lunch bag and never take seconds at the dinner table.
 
 He’d eat as much as he could at Ned’s and eat all the food anyone offered him, ignoring the pity he could see in Ned’s eyes. Ned asked if he was okay a lot. Peter knew he should be grateful but it’s hard to be grateful for anything when you're so hungry, so lunches mostly ended with fights. That was, until Peter told Ned that May and Ben were having trouble with the food bills. It was a whispered confession at 2 am after a particularly loud rumble from Peter’s stomach but from then on Ned brought two very large lunches with him to school every day and gave Peter his leftovers. Neither of them talked about it. Life was good again. Peter got a full-ride scholarship to a school Ned could easily afford tuition for and Ben bought them a new fridge to celebrate. He wanted to get Peter a phone but Peter insisted on a brand new fridge that made ice all by itself.  
 
Then Ben bled out in Peter’s arms on the street outside the bodega while Peter screamed and sobbed for help until his throat was raw. People clawed at his arms and screamed at him to give Ben space and all the lights were so bright and all the sounds were so loud and Peter passed out next to Ben after the paramed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & May Parker

freeform: 
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
5+1 Things
Vine mentions
because honestly i'm a gen z
oh shit theres swearing
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
please read this i need reassurance
peters at midtown on a scholarship
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
bruce banner is kind to us all
Financial Issues

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Bruce Banner
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Peter Parker & May Parker

