Chapter 1





Chapter Text
     Peter had gotten himself into a mess. He was standing in an elevator with his mentor and not-so-secret crush, Tony, draped across half of his body. Peter could smell the stench of alcohol on Tony's breath even though his head was slowly falling in a direction away from Peter's face. As Peter eagerly waited for the elevator to reach its peak in the Stark Tower he reflected on what had gotten him into this position. He seemed to remember that this all started when he was working in Tony's lab before Tony casually mentioned,        "I have a really fancy, really obnoxious, company party here tomorrow night and if you graced me with your presence it just might make it a little more bearable." Peter took two mental notes after Tony said this. First, there was something about the way Tony said it which felt more like a cry for help than a question. Second, Peter had no idea what to do at a fancy company party, and he would definitely not belong there. These distressing facts lead Peter to make his first attempt at a refusal.      "I... I really don't know," Peter began, taking the time to draw out his words. "I'm just not sure I would fit in there. I mean, everyone is going to be way older than me and I've never done this before." Tony raised one eyebrow, his ego clearly taking a hit since his fifteen-year-old intern just refused his invite.        "Well, you seem really worried about it...but," Tony let out a deep sigh before continuing, "I can tell you from experience that these kinds of events are not hard to master. Just show up, tell people that you're my prodigy, and flash your pretty face." He added a dazzling smile at the end of his sentence which made Peter want to roll his eyes, but he wouldn't dare. Peter weakly began his second attempt at a refusal.      "But Mr. Stark..." Peter and Tony had been on a first name basis for quite some time now, but Peter was pulling out all the stops. "I just...it just might look a little weird...I dunno. Maybe I just shouldn't go and then we don't have to worry about it?" Tony strolled closer to Peter with a determined look on his face. He wasn't taking no for an answer this time.      "Peter," Tony gave him a sharp look, "What is so weird about me showing my brightest intern the ins-and-outs of my company? Including introducing him to all the big shots that just love to hire fresh minds...when those fresh minds turn eighteen." Tony looked as though he got sidetracked before he returned to the conversation with a more sincere tone. "C'mon, they're gonna love you." Peter realized that Tony was giving him a warm, relaxed, look he had only seen a few times before, and it felt heavenly. "Besides, I can't wait to show everybody that I actually have an intern." Tony's comedic jab hurt Peter a little more than he knew. Solely because it reminded Peter that he was just Tony's intern and that he could never be more. However, Peter was having a hard time coming up with another way to say no.      So, he ended up at the Party, and everything had been going fine. Just as Tony said, everyone was very impressed with him, one lady pinched his cheek upon finding out his age, but he was able to let that go. It was only a few hours into the night before Peter realized that he hadn't seen Tony in a concerning amount of time. After looking around the large room for minutes, he finally found Tony looking more than a little inebriated. He was sitting on a stool close to the bar and Peter could tell that he was having a hard time keeping himself upright. Peter realized that he couldn't just leave Tony here to embarrass himself, so he decided that escorting him up to his bedroom would best the best idea. So, he slowly helped Tony out of the room, only catching the eyes of a few people. That's how he ended up where he was now. Helping Tony keep his balance as the elevator stopped at the top of Stark Tower.        They stumbled into the hall and slowly crept in the direction of Tony's bedroom. Peter realized that it would be much easier to just lift Tony, but Peter had a feeling that his drunk companion wouldn't appreciate that. They finally made it into the bedroom, where Tony slumped onto the bed and appeared to hit a second wind of consciousness.        "Peter..." Tony waved for Peter to come closer to him, "I want to thank you for helping me and being there for me tonight I really, really, do." The sincerity of Tony's statements was being effectively clouded by the smell of strong whiskey. Peter was honestly growing impatient with him but then Tony started to say something that finally peaked his interest. "I could tell that everyone was really impressed with you tonight... I mean look at you." Tony motioned to Peter's suit, which he had to buy special for this occasion. "You know, after yesterday, when I mentioned you getting hired at eighteen, I started thinking, and god I haven't been able to stop thinking since, and I think I'm making a really big mistake
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Non-Consensual
Rape
Rape/Non-con Elements
Drunk Sex
Shameless Smut
Riding
Underage Sex
Age Difference
Pining
Virgin Peter Parker
Loss of Virginity
Drunkenness
Masturbation
Somnophilia
Non-Consensual Somnophilia
Dark Tony Stark
Rough Sex
Light Dom/sub
Verbal Humiliation
Praise Kink
Vulnerability
Overstimulation
Manipulation
Dark Peter Parker
its all dark

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

