Chapter 1: Grade Eleven
    




Chapter Text

Fall
“Access denied.” F.R.I.D.A.Y announced as though Peter didn’t already know that what he was doing was absolutely not allowed.“FRI, come on, you gotta do me a solid just this once.” Peter pleaded, bringing his hands together in a pleading gesture as though that would make any difference to a completely rational, emotionally void AI. “I’m sorry Peter, but you do not have the clearance to access these files.” FRIDAY at least had the shame to sound just a little sorry but Peter’s cheeks puffed up anyway.Why couldn’t it just be Karen that was wired up in there? She’d be much more helpful he was sure. Falling back into the tall armchair, Peter took in Tony’s expansive and highly impressive computer lab, with just enough holograms and blue tinted floating figures to look like something right out of a sci-fi novel. Peter already knew half of what was in the room was just for show; it gave Tony a kick to see all the awe at pretty, but entirely useless, things. Plus, he just liked the aesthetic. But more important than the cool décor, was the gigantic screen connected to a supercomputer which he knew held all the visual and auditory data from the bane of his entire existence.



Stupid Baby Monitor Protocol. Peter was a smart kid. He knew that it was just a precaution, that it was to keep him safe, not to mention how useful it was to look for clues when your bad guy got away, and that it wasn’t even that invasive to his privacy since Tony typically didn’t even see most of it. He just had the recordings sent to FRIDAY who scanned them for any red flags- The You Better Not Have Protocol- and only if his trusted assistant thought there was an emergency would Tony be alerted. The problem though, was that Peter knew for a fact that sometimes, Tony just breezed through them to make sure his systems were working fine and that Peter himself was keeping to his word about being the friendly neighbourhood Spiderman. Which meant that there was a chance, albeit a tiny, insignificant, miniscule chance, that Tony would see what had happened earlier that day and that just could not happen.





He was pretty sure he’d rather die. Or at least let the earth swallow him right up or even better, get thrown into space with the other weirdos who chilled up there. It was all a very unfortunate series of events involving a web malfunction, being stuck in a compromising position, and some very mean spirited and utterly terrible preteens who feared no God or authority. Tony would never let him live it down if he saw and so, Peter had undertaken the very risky mission of deleting the footage without anyone knowing. And if FRIDAY could just cooperate damn it, it would go a whole lot smoother! Peter swiveled in the chair, sighing dramatically as he tried to brainstorm a way in. He caught sight of his suit sticking out from his backpack and stopped swiveling, something of an idea blooming in his mind. Reaching out for his mask, he pulled it over his head, smiling as he heard Karen’s greeting.“Hey Karen, could you do me a favor?” “Of course Peter, how can I assist you?” Hearing her helpful voice, Peter thought he could literally cry. See, this is how you make a helpful AI. Take that FRIDAY. “Ok listen, you know how if I’m like, in really big danger, you can access the database to find any information on what’s endangering me to help me fight it better?” That was actually a really cool update Tony installed for him. After a particular mishap following the Homecoming mishap (yes, yes he knew he gave Tony heart problems) involving a HYDRA agent, his super freaky power of illusions, and a long list of injuries later, Tony’s heart nearly just gave in right then and there. Turned out, the Avengers, back when they were together, had taken out that same guy and landed him in some top security prison. But as it goes in the world of superheroes and supervillains, he escaped, and was unleashed unto the public once more where Peter had intercepted him. During the fight, Peter had gotten incapacitated to the point where Karen had to automatically call Tony, which was, as usual, super embarrassing, and besides, he was literally fine- really, the fainting was just for a second anyway- and when Tony came, he kicked ass, as usual, and then went on a rant about how he was a complete idiot for not adding in a Previously On feature because obviously this whole situation would’ve been avoided if Peter had had access to all their battle records. So…Tony made it, and put it in. 











Apparently he had spent a solid 58 hours in his lab working on the code and the filters and the triggering mechanism and Peter felt so awfully guilty about it he dragged his mentor out of the tower to see some sunlight and enjoy a good old fashioned American cheeseburger for his hard work. Peter appreciated it obviously, how seriously Tony took his health and safety that he jeopardized his own health to deal with it, but drastic times
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Fluff
lots of fluff
Comedy
Iron Dad
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Mention of anxiety attacks and PTSD
Set between Homecoming and Infinity War
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
A glimpse into what happened between those two years
Slice of Life
Father-Son Relationship
Tony is a good dad but peter is cuter son
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

