Chapter 1: The Summons
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Your feet felt as if they were weighted down with lead as you walked toward your destination. Each step was harder than the last while the majestic halls of the castle pressed on you from all sides. Despite the amount of space there in fact was it felt so much smaller as the his door came ever closer. You had been summoned. Despite keeping quiet and common in the grand scheme of Asgard you had received the stamped letter in the mail two days ago. It was sealed with his mark. Loki, Prince of Asgard had called on you. Your mother had been equal parts proud and disappointed; your father had merely sighed and turned away. You had wanted to defend yourself. You had done nothing to obtain his interest. You dressed poorly for your form, wore your hair plainly and put nothing on your face to emphasize your high cheekbones and bright eyes. But still. It hadn’t worked. You had been called as others had. The others did not speak of their time in his rooms but no one knew if it was from fear or power. The thing that the others had in common with you is that every single one of you were virginal. Or had been. Or will not be soon. You had been saving yourself for marriage. The bride price was always higher for the untouched. But Loki had always compensated the women after he saw them as if apologizing for his indiscretion and giving her a chance to find suitable companionship elsewhere. Fear crept up from the center of your chest slowly. It was mostly apprehension until now. Surely he wouldn’t use you too roughly. If there were terrible things that went on in his rooms the Allfather would put a stop to it, wouldn’t he? King Odin cared for his subjects and he would not stand for their abuse even from his troublesome child. If not the Allfather, then surely the Allmother would care enough to curb her son’s appetites. Frygga was a kind woman. Sooner than you would have liked you found yourself in front of Loki’s chambers. Before you had even lifted a trembling hand to knock the door clicked and swung open to admit you. A deep breath later and you had stepped forward into the unknown. Then stopped suddenly to look around. This. This had not been what you expected. The room was richly decorated with vibrant greens and golds with black accents nearly everywhere. Colorful tapestries decorated each wall in the living space and a fire crackled merrily in the hearth, casting shadows on everything it could reach. It was as if you were home if your family was rich. You relaxed in the space forgetting that Loki would be here as well but you did not see him at once. So you ventured further in and looked around to try to find him. Not that you were eager for him to bed you but the faster this was done the faster you could get home again. Not that the prince wasn’t handsome because he was. His eyes especially were a catching green built into a face designed to seduce and beckon one near before betrayal. “Such a pretty little one aren’t you?” His voice seemed to come from just behind your shoulder and you whirled around in fright to find nothing there. “Too slow little one. Try again.” Another half turn and you still did not see him. “You are not nearly as easily frightened as your predecessors were.” This time when you turned you found Loki standing in front of the door blocking your only escape route. He was dressed in a loose green silk garment with his hands locked behind his back as he regarded you with those green eyes. His visage was contemplative and nearly expressionless.
“Your Highness.” You took your skirts in hand and bowed deeply, touching knee to the floor and waiting for Loki to give you leave to stand. You were worried for a time that he would simply leave you like that in some sort of game but as soon as your legs started to burn he uttered the words to release you. You looked up to find that he had crossed from the door to just in front of where you knelt. You rose slowly, keeping your gaze slightly downcast as to not make eye contact with the Prince. You nearly jumped when you felt a cool fingertip press into the dip of your chin and tilt your head up. He regarded you again with an appraising look before dropping his hand to rest at his side. He seemed to come to some sort of conclusion before giving you a smile, “I am quite pleased that you’ve come.”“You summoned me, Highness. I could not refuse.”“You could have. It would have caused great displeasure and I do not enjoy being displeased.” You nodded; the fear that had dissipated was climbing back up again, “I will try not to displease you, Highness.”“Excellent. Then we understand each other.” He gave you another smile. “What do you wish of me?” You were quite proud of the fact that your voice barely wavered, “Highness.” Your tension settled in the muscles of your hands as they rubbed the fabric of your dress and clenched. “You do not need to fear me, lit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
slowish burn
Fluff
consent is good
Reading
Foot Massage
Horseback Riding
Dancing
Note the rating change to E
This story just keeps getting bigger
Tell my muse to stop
Birthday Suit
My PWP turned into plot. How did this happen?
Dinner Date
Pre-Thor (2011)
tea time
Possessive Loki
Vulnerable Loki
Loki gets some love
Handjobs in the cover of darkness
they're going on a boat
Asgard is pretty amazing to look at
Loki isn't good with feeling his feelings sometimes
Cuddles!
motherly advice
Liesmith
Avengers - Freeform
Angst
Thor: The Dark World
Thor: Ragnarok (2017)
Family Fluff

fandom: 
Loki/Reader
Loki/Original Female Character
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)

