Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
 

“There are demons and they’ll spit you out. Better wear a mask and stay indoors in the outside world.” - Brika (Demons)

The Asset looked down at the man on the ground, a feeling of unease settling into the back of his mind. He knew this man; this man meant something. This man was not an enemy, though The Asset been told by his superiors he was to eliminate this target. He’d not been told to deter or capture or wound. The Asset wasn’t often assigned tasks like that. He was a killer. He eliminated.The water from the river dropped off his fingertips and settled in little round drops on the dry dirt of the ground. He could smell something burning on the other side of the water where most of the wreckage had crashed. The air stank of gasoline and acrid smoke. The man was unconscious and wounded. His face was cut and bruised; blood was seeping through the material over his stomach where The Asset had shot him.Steve, The Asset thought. How did he know this man? Sirens were blaring in the distance and a group of men was sweeping the foliage along the riverbank where the helicarrier he’d been on had gone down. He couldn’t stay. He’d disobeyed direct orders by saving this man, and he had no desire to fight any longer. Strange thoughts were bubbling up in the back of his mind. Who was Steve?After one final look at the unconscious man, The Asset turned away and followed the river downstream into thicker vegetation that would afford him some cover. He wanted to shut down his racing mind but couldn’t seem to suppress the thoughts in this quiet moment, this reprieve from the gunfire and fighting. Anxiety built up, starting in the pit of his stomach and crawling into this chest before wrapping its tendrils around his lungs. His footfalls were heavy against the ground as he faltered.The comfortable precision of the mission had fallen away to leave him in this limbo. He thought of a train, could almost feel the vibration of its wheels careening on a rusty track as the bitter cold of winter seeped into his bones. He thought of some scrawny kid with nothing but fire in his eyes. He thought of a metal operating table holding him up as needles and scalpels floated into his hazy line of sight and descended. So much more was happening in the periphery, but it wasn’t for him to see.Gunshots ahead flipped a switch in his brain, but instead of fear or anxiety, the sound brought about sweet relief. Gunshots were the sound of work, of a mission. He took cover against a large tree and swept his gaze over the area. The gunfire was likely two hundred yards ahead, and the vegetation provided him with ample cover. The Asset considered the source of the noise and whether the men ahead were working with the man he’d left on the ground by the water or they were against him. If they were against this man, then they were HYDRA. The Asset belonged to HYDRA. His life’s work was for HYDRA.The sick feeling was creeping back, worming its way from his gut to constrict his heart. Who was Steve? He was on a table, nothing but blackness and a dusty window with weak light above. And then the man’s face appeared. The Asset could hear the metal buckles holding him in place as they scattered over the floor, but he couldn’t hear the man’s voice even though his lips were moving. Steve. The man’s name was Steve.A bullet bit into the tree trunk just to the right of his ear, sending bark flying. The imminent danger snapped The Asset out of the past and threw him into the present. The present was easier to manage. He dropped to the ground and moved toward thicker cover as three more rounds kicked up dirt at the base of the tree. The man shooting at him was visible, but the situation was muddied. Was he HYDRA? Was he loyal to this man Steve?The Asset shook away the question because the answer did not matter. He wasn’t going back. Either side was his enemy, whether they wanted him dead or not. A flash of searing pain ripped through his skull as he recalled being strapped into a chair while electricity pumped into his head. It had always been a means to an end, something he accepted without question because it was an order. Now he questioned why it was an order. No, he wasn’t going back. He had no choice but to disobey orders. He’d already done so by pulling the man out of the water and saving his life.With ease, he pulled a small pistol from a holster on his right thigh and put a bullet in the shooter’s head. The Asset didn’t think twice; killing was his life, and he did nothing better than that. With the imminent threat gone, he moved away from the river, but still downstream. The further he went, the less noise he heard, the less smoke there was. Despite the thick vegetation by the river, this was a population center filled with people. Finding a way out unnoticed would be difficult.He covered miles at a steady clip, focusing on the ache in his right arm. The man—Steve—had dislocated it during their fight and, despite 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
Slow Burn
Romance
Road Trips
Angst
Canon Divergence - Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
Gun Violence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

