Work Text:
Tony doesn't notice it at first. Probably not the second or third time either, if he's being honest. In his defense, it's because it's Bucky. Tony has far more reasons to ignore Bucky than to actually pay attention to him.It's not Bucky's fault. Tony can admit that now, a few self-aware, painful months down the line. It's not even Steve's, though it sure as fuck started with him. Not that Tony can't take credit where credit is due. He saw Steve's lie by omission and raised him attempted murder.Of course, Tony had a really, really fucking bad couple days. He'd tried to do the right thing for once, clean up the mess he created in Sokovia. And all that'd happened was Steve going full vigilante and Ross turning into the fucking Red Queen with his own Wonderland in the middle of the ocean. And then Tony found out that Colonel Zemo blew up the United Nations just to get to him and Steve. More deaths on Tony's conscience, not to mention the guilt and humiliation of having bought Zemo's lies so completely.Tony's supposed to be a genius, and yet he had no trouble agreeing that Barnes was the culprit, despite the complete lack of motivation and the circumstances making no sense. That stung a bit, especially with all his good intentions crashing around him like Novi Grad.He was prepared to make amends with his buddy Steve, kick Zemo and his Suicide Squad's ass and take names. Maybe get to know Barnes a little better afterwards. Because holy fuck he was gorgeous, even lank and sweaty and looking exactly like the Black Panther beat the shit out of him.Not to mention that Howard had been a fan, even if he'd loved Cap a lot more. So Tony maybe might've had a crush on the guy, after years of hearing about how smart and charming he was. Not to mention how he was into science and engineering. And maybe that crush never went away. And maybe Tony was pretty damn happy Bucky and Steve were just friends.And then he found out that the Winter Soldier killed his parents. And Steve had known all along but never told him.So, yeah. Really bad few days. Tony knows he had all kinds of right to be enraged. He will never regret that backhand to Steve's face, because Steve damn well deserved it. But still. Some nights he can't sleep for the cold sweat, thinking about what he could've done. How he almost killed an innocent man, just because Bucky made a convenient target.What else could Tony do after that blood-drenched fiasco, but have the Accords put down like the misbegotten hellspawn they were? Then he pulled every string he could find to get Steve and his merry band of idiots pardoned for their heroic stupidity, plus getting Bucky fully exonerated and reinstated as Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes. With full backpay, because he fucking earned it.He would've made Bucky a new arm too, if the Princess of Wakanda hadn't already been on it. Tony's ego isn't so fragile that he can't recognize superior tech, and he was blown away by Shuri's genius when she was kind enough to send him the specs. Bucky's hand was in good hands, so to speak. Tony's happy for him. Bucky deserved the best prosthetic possible to replace that piece of Soviet-era crap, and Tony couldn't have done better.Bucky also deserved to not have to worry about turning into a murderbot again, which Shuri fixed too. Tony was thrilled for him that she figured out how to strip the trigger words from his mind. Tony would have used his B.A.R.F., and it probably would've worked, but it would've meant Bucky had to relive whatever memories activated the triggers. Tony already hurt Bucky enough; he was just as happy that Shuri did it while Bucky was still in Cryo, so he slept through the entire thing.While Bucky was being de-winterized, Steve apologized for being a dick and lying by omission. In return, Tony apologized for being a homicidal asshole and trying to go through him to murder his buddy. They're still finding their way around each other, but it's getting better.It helps that Tony and Steve (and Bucky) are under the same roof—the roof belonging to the Tower. Because as soon as Bucky was royally declared rearmed (hah) and fit for human consumption, Tony offered Steve and Bucky a place of their own: in the Tower, the Facility, or, fuck, wherever else they wanted to go, courtesy of Stark Industries. Because Tony figures that when it comes to apologies, go big or go home.He never actually expected them to take him up on the offer, though. And he definitely didn't expect them to choose Avengers Tower as opposed to literally any place on the planet that was away from him. But Steve said Bucky wanted to be in New York, and he chose the Tower over an apartment in Brooklyn because the Tower could be locked down.Genius that he is, Tony never realized Bucky didn't mean locked down from bad guys getting in. He meant locked down so he couldn't get out.Because even after a couple months in Wakanda's kinder, gentler meat locker getting his mind scrubbed clean, Bucky still couldn't slee
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Touch-Starved
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Fix-It
Apologies
Guilt
Forgiveness
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Gets a Hug
And a boyfriend
Hugs
Cuddling
Lots of Cuddling
Because it is psychologically necessary okay
Gratuitous Kitten References
Tumblr: imaginetonyandbucky
Happy Ending

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark

