Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text
Wakanda was peaceful, Steve had to admit that, but it wasn't his home.
He was waiting.
After some discussion with Wakanda's doctors and scientists, Bucky had made the request to be put back into cryostasis temporarily. They were building him a 'sleep chamber' which should be ready in another week.
Steve had tried to talk Bucky out of taking such a drastic step, saying that it wasn't like the other man to back down from a fight.
The other Avengers had disagreed, particularly Sam and Wanda.  "The man's spent the last seventy years not backing down," Sam had pointed out rather sharply. "Maybe he needs a respite, Steve. And if he stays active, way things are now, he's not getting one." "Long sleep or cryo may help heal the damage to his brain," Wanda had added.  "This may be why they had to wipe his memory so often, because the serum would undo his conditioning or lessen it while he slept. " So he hadn't liked it, but he'd had no choice but to accept Bucky's decision for now.He was also growing impatient with his attempts to get in touch with Tony. The phone had been sent out almost three weeks ago,  and so far, Stark hadn't called.
They had all made mistakes, but how were they ever going to work it out and fix this mess if Stark kept stonewalling them?Finally, he resorted to calling Rhodes and leaving a message. He just had to hope that the call wouldn't be traced back to Wakanda. It was a risk the Avengers all agreed they had to take, at that point. Clint was worried for his family's safety, especially after Tony's little bitch fit on the Raft. A day passed with no response.And then the last straw finally happened.They were in the common area of the rooms T'Challa had provided them, watching an American news broadcast. Christine Everhart's face appeared on the screen. When Steve heard her mention Stark, he perked up, listening intently.The comment Rhodes had provided left him gaping at the screen. 
"...'Mr. Stark and I have discussed the future of the Avengers Initiative. We are in negotiations with... the UN to restructure the team, while continuing to operate. We will be approaching other Enhanced individuals who might be suitable to join our ranks. With the removal of Steven Rogers from the team, I will be assuming overall command of the Avengers.' "
"Is he fucking serious?" Clint exploded.  "Didn't they learn anything?""Apparently not," Steve replied, feeling cold...and furious.  Removal from the team... How dared they? And the photo of Rhodes with that smug little grin on his face made the super-soldier's fists clench.  
All right, Rhodey. That's how you want to play this? You want a fight, I'll give you one.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Team Rhodes
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Platypus

fandom: 
None
