Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Which kind of mutation does  not usually change the length of a chromosome? a. Insertion b. Deletion c. Translocation d. Inversion e. Frame shift? Yes, Midtown Tech.”“Inversion,” Peter answered confidently.“Correct.”Peter couldn’t help but blush as he heard two very familiar voices cheering for him from the crowd. For some God forsaken reason known only to them, when they’d discovered that May couldn’t come to watch the Academic Decathlon competition in DC, Tony and Bucky had decided that they would come along as moral support in her stead. Peter had tried to convince them to stay behind, worried that it would just draw unnecessary attention to the trio, but they were both adamant that as Tony Stark’s personal intern, it was logical for them to come and support Peter. He’d also worried that he would get so flustered that he would make mistakes (especially since Michelle wouldn’t stop  smirking  at him) but Peter had found that it hadn’t negatively affected his performance at all. In fact, he seemed to be on fire.“Who introduced the theory of punctuated equilibrium? a. Haldane and Wright b. Kirschner and Gerhart c. Lewontin and Hubby d. Gould and Eldredge e. Turelli and Fitzpatrick? Midtown Tech, again.”“Gould and Eldredge,” Peter replied promptly.“Correct.”Michelle held her hand out for a high five which Peter did, grinning stupidly as the crowd cheered, some louder than others.Even if Tony and Bucky  weren’t  being so vocal, there was no way that he’d be able to miss them. They’d brought signs.  Signs  for crying out loud.  Homemade  signs. Made with a marker pen and all. If it wasn’t sweet, it would have been embarrassing. Bucky’s read ‘I’m not just a superhero but a superCHEERLEADER’  around which he’d drawn pom poms that looked more like miniature explosions than anything else. Tony had written in big, red, proud letters, ‘My intern is smarter than yours’. The bloggers and junior journalists who consisted of the media coverage for such events were having a field day and there was no doubt that major news corporations would have their top teams descending on the scene within the hour.The round finished with Midtown winning by a healthy margin and when they got off the stage, the rest of their team surrounded them, whooping and high fiving. “Nice job, Peter,” Liz cried, hugging him and he couldn’t help but blush again. He’d always harboured a bit of a crush on their Team Captain and even with a happy and exciting relationship with Tony and Bucky, Peter still found himself stumbling over his words when the girl was around.“Thanks,” he managed with a smile.“Awesome job, everybody,” Mr Harrington announced, drawing their attention. “We can’t let ourselves get too over confident though - the next round will be even tougher.”“Pffft, I say bask in that confidence,” a voice announced and they all turned as one to see Tony giving them a cocky smile.Mr Harrington looked ready to faint. “T...T....Tony Stark!”“The one and only,” he replied with a wink. Then he stepped forward and clapped Peter on the back, his hand lingering just a tad longer than necessary between his shoulder blades. “Awesome job, kid. You made me proud today.”Peter blushed again, not at all prepared for Tony to praise him in front of others. Michelle quirked her lips at him and he managed a brief glare at her before Bucky was moving in to give him a big hug.“Damn, Pete, you put them to shame,” Bucky crowed.“He’s our secret weapon,” Liz told them happily.“He’s a secret alright,” Flash muttered.“Sorry, did you say something, champ?” Tony asked, his tone light but with a dangerous edge to it.Flash’s eyes widened as if he hadn’t meant to say anything out loud and he shook his head vehemently. “No, no sir, I did not.”Tony continued to stare at him for a long moment, and then turned back to Mr Harrington with an easy smile. “So, is it okay if I treat the team to ice cream?”“Okay?” Mr Harrington choked. “Okay?  Mr Stark, it’s  more  than okay, we’d be honoured!”Everyone else seemed just as excited and Tony led the happily chattering group out of the venue and down the street to the IceCreamery. Before they'd even placed their orders, several paparazzi had arrived, pointing cameras inside the shop with one even going so far as to attempt to lure some of the students out for an interview. Tony threw a disappointing look out at the vultures which was enough to convince the team that it wasn’t a good idea to chat to the media and they all did their best to ignore them while they found seats.“This is so cool,” Ned said as he slid into the bench across from Peter. “I can’t believe Tony Stark is here, dude!”“Try not to have a fangasm,” Michelle drawled as she sat down next to Ned. Peter was sure no one else noticed their feet tangling together under the booth and he hid a smile.“So this is the infamous Ned?” Tony announced, coming to sit next to his intern. “I’ve heard a lot about you, Mr Leeds.”“Y...you ha...have?”Tony nodded. “You
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
OT3
Established Relationship
Decathlon
School Trip
Precious Peter Parker
Dorky Bucky and Tony
Cheer squad Tony and Bucky
Fluff and Smut
Angst
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Oblivious Peter
Drunk Peter
Drunk Sex
Prompt Fill

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

