Work Text:

THEN
After Bucky steals that kiss and finds Steph amenable to being robbed in such a manner on a regular basis, it's all bets off. Bucky's a man — or becoming one anyway; he's got a hair on his chest and everything — and he's got urges, but damn nobody told him about how hot girls get under their skirts and thank God for that or the first hard on he got at 12 basically never would have gone away.Because the point is they can't keep their hands off each other after he realizes he's got Stephanie's apparent continuous permission to put them on her. He keeps getting thrown out of the Rogers' house and gets to know their fire escape real well. And even though he's dropped out of school to go do something more useful with his time, he feels like he spends more time there now than before because he's always loitering around like a desperate pervert, waiting for Stephanie to dash out after class so they can find somewhere dark and leafy and he can kiss her like he's starving and cup her tiny breasts through her button-front dresses.And okay, they're not really subtle, but he didn't think it was so bad to warrant intervention from a higher power. Shows you how little he knows because a couple months into this new and frankly excellent turn in their relationship, he's trying to slink out of church after mass when Father O'Donnell snatches him by his shirt collar and drags him into his office."Barnes," says Father O'Donnell, who has a scar that bisects his eyebrow from his time in the trenches ministering to the dead and dying during the Great War. Nobody starts anything with Father O'Donnell. "I see that Rogers girl and you making eyes at each other.""Uh," Bucky says intelligently."And God knows you can't say anything for taste because she should know better and you weren't born with the sense our Father gave horses — but let me be perfectly clear," O'Donnell continues. "You knock her up and that little slip of a thing is going to die trying to push out the fat head of any kid of yours."Bucky can feel his nuts trying to crawl back up inside his body. All the blood drains out of his face.But Father O'Donnell just keeps staring at him, unblinking. "Am I being clear?"Bucky says, "Yessir," and because for a man of the cloth Father O'Donnell is pretty fucking suspicious and not at all likely to turn the other cheek, the man yells at Bucky for another half hour about lust and leading God's lambs astray, and more importantly, using the rhythm method and pulling out. Bucky could have gone his whole God damn life without hearing O'Donnell say the words, "pull out."Of course when he's finally released, shaky in the knees and still chalky with horror, Stephanie's waiting for him on the church steps."Everthing okay, Buck?" she asks.She's wearing a green dress the color of sea glass, and it's a hot day, her cheeks pink under the sun. Mrs. Rogers had stayed up the night before putting pin curls on her, and Stephanie's buttery gold locks are looser now, from a long service, and they sweep softly over her sloping shoulders. Bucky looks at her blue eyes and her nose, the way her eyebrows are shaped, the point of her chin, the rose pink of her mouth, and thinks, How the fuck am I going to do this?"Yeah," he lies, swallowing hard, and he reaches out a hand for her because it's the only natural thing to do. "Yeah, everything's great."He tries to dial it back a little, but Stephanie always gets this little wrinkle between her brows, like she's worried he's mad at her. Or then sometimes he tries to be annoying so she'll stomp off, but recently she's just started throwing stuff at him — which, hell, how's he supposed to resist that. Anyway, all of it ends in kissing, and more recently, her grinding down on the thigh he's shoved between her legs until she lets out that high pitched whimper — "Ah," she always says, like it's a surprise each time she comes, like she hasn't been chasing it since she rubbed her tits up against him — and him making an embarrassing wet mess in his pants.It's about a month after Father O'Donnell's good effort at church they end up in Bucky's apartment on a lazy afternoon, Stephanie skipping afternoon classes so she could end up here: lounging in a golden pool of sunlight on Bucky's bed so he can kiss all the greedy noises she makes out of her mouth. He loves it, the way she tastes, the muscle of her tongue and the sharp edges of her teeth, the way she shivers when he sucks on that sweet little spot behind her ear. And they got time today, so Stephanie puts his hands on the little pearl buttons on her school dress and Bucky feels them shake and shake as he undoes them one by one, too careful, worried he'll rip the thread because he's so fucking desperate to see all the skin underneath — and Jesus Christ, it's fantastic.He kisses the wings of her collar bones, the thin skin over her sternum — too thin, he tries not to worry — and feeling overwhelmed, unequal to the task, he runs his thumbs over the coral
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
None
fandom: 
None
