Work Text:
Steve is starting to lose his patience.“I can get ‘em for you Tony, just buy me some time,” Steve says, for perhaps the tenth time in as many minutes. Tony’s put-upon chivalry is starting to grate on his nerves.“Well I don’t have, time, Cap, I need that Chitauri tech now,” Tony snaps, waving his cigarette around as he paces the length of Steve’s office, his designer shoes practically carving a groove into Steve’s rug.“Look, y’know I hate to spring this on you, Cap,” Tony sighs, pressing his fingers to his temple, “I appreciate you talkin’ to me at all, but—help a guy out here, Cap. I’m a dead man walking right now, you know that.”Steve sighs in frustration, raking his fingers through his hair.The tension between them is so thick that it’s almost palpable; if he tried, Steve could probably slice through it with a knife. He and Tony have been (barely) civil towards each other for the meeting thus far– Steve’s hoping that things’ll stay that way for a while longer.He and Tony are not on the best of terms. A job gone wrong two years ago had culminated in a particularly gruesome shoot-out, with both Steve and Tony’s crews taking heavy losses. The botched job had resulted in Tony suffering a chest wound which had put him out of action for several months, whilst Steve had been forced to go deep underground, so as to not get caught by the Feds.This is the first time that he’s seeing Tony in person since the events of that fateful night; the fact that Tony is here at all is a pretty significant development in their relationship. Whilst Steve and Tony may never be as close as they once were, Steve doesn’t hold a grudge against him. He’s got bigger things to worry about, anyway.“I know, Stark,” Steve says finally. “I said I’d help you when you needed it, and I will, just—you gotta admit, this is pretty tight.”Tony huffs, taking another drag from his cigarette. “Look, okay – two weeks, that’s the best that I can give you, Cap.”Steve growls in frustration, his fingers tightening their grip on the armrests of his office chair. Between his legs, perhaps sensing his growing irritation, Bucky taps his tongue against the underside of Steve’s cock, teasing the vein there.The brief sensation eases the tension in Steve’s chest. His attention turns to Bucky, who is naked and kneeling between Steve’s thighs. There is a soft cushion underneath his knees to protect them from the cold wooden floor. Bucky’s wrists are crossed at the small of his back, one hand clasped in the other. He holds Steve’s semi-hard cock between his lips.Steve’s little cock warmer.Steve threads the fingers of his right hand through Bucky’s hair. Bucky huffs, his breath ghosting over Steve’s dick. His eyelids flutter as Steve gently scratches his scalp.“That’s the best you can give me?” Steve asks, dragging his gaze away from his sweet boy, back to Tony. He’s a little calmer now – Bucky has helped to re-focus his attention.Tony shrugs apologetically. “Any more’n that and people’ll start gettin’ suspicious.”Steve nods slowly, as he mulls over the problem in his head. “I know a guy. I’ll talk to ‘im, see if we can’t get ‘em to you within a week.”“You do that, and I’ll get Pep to send you a gift basket,” Tony drawls, as he turns on his heel and strides to the door. He pauses with his fingers on the handle, body turned slightly towards Steve.“I—do wish that things hadn’t happened the way they did,” he says tersely.It’s the best apology that Steve’s going to get from him. “Me too, Stark. I don’t hold it against you, just…double-check the facts next time, yeah?”Tony nods curtly, before pulling the door open and slipping out.Steve stretches his arms above his head and groans quietly, rolling his head to work out the cricks in his neck. It’s meeting day, which means that Steve Rogers, known as ‘The Captain’ to all but his closest associates, is cooped up in his tastefully-decorated office. He’s seeing a whole range of people that have reached out to him with favours they need doing.Steve’s not your average criminal.Sure, he’s pulled off a couple of heists and stolen his fair share of things that should’ve been impossible to steal, but he grew out of that particular criminal phase pretty quickly. Orchestrating and masterminding his own grand schemes is exhausting – he much prefers helping others fulfil their own evil dreams.As such, he’s earned himself a reputation as the guy to turn to when you need some cash, or some new weapons, or even some spy-work to be done. Steve and his team – consisting of Natasha and Sam – pool their combined resources and expertise to help people out. It’s a pretty neat business, if a little out of the ordinary.Though Steve knows that he’s got a couple more people waiting to see him, he decides to give some attention to his little boy, who has been doing such a good job at keeping Steve’s cock warm. With a smile on his lips, Steve leans forward to grab the glass of water on his desk.“Bucky,” he coos, stroking the knuckles of his 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Cock Warming
Exhibitionism
Public Sex
Blow Jobs
Anal Sex
Dom/sub
Dom/sub Play
Dom Steve Rogers
Top Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Alternate Universe - Criminals
steve's a good guy even though he's technically a bad guy
Explicit Sexual Content
gentle dom Steve Rogers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

