Chapter 1: Glasses
    




Chapter Text
Preface: Quantum Entanglement "In the field of quantum mechanics there is something called quantum entanglement. It is what happens when 2 particles interact, vibrate in unison and are separated, they remain connected by something that defies logic, something science has yet to explain. If one particle vibrates, no matter the distance, the other particle reacts in unison, even if there are oceans between them, even if there is a universe separating them. Before time we were just a dense collection of particles confined to a space smaller than a proton, interacting and moving in unison, an event occurred that rapidly expanded the particles and created the universe. There is no reason to believe the particles ever lost their entanglement. Now, when I say I am drawn to you, that I feel that I have known you since the beginning of time, know that it's beyond my control, know there are particles that compose me, my very fabric of being, and somewhere inside of you are the particles mine danced with millions of years ago. I've spent an eternity chasing that part of you." Tyler Kent White I can't believe it's my first day at high school.....again.Michelle took a deep breath and exhaled loudly while examining her appearance in the mirror. Combat boots, ripped black jeans, and an ill fitting jacket she found at a thrift store a few weeks back. Her dark brown unruly curls stuck out randomly from a haphazard bun. Michelle grimaced when she saw the dark circles permanently etched under her sad brown eyes.'Geez Michelle, would it kill you to smile? You are one tube of eye-liner away from being in a goth rock band and smoking cigarettes under the bleachers.You see, Michelle Jones used to put a lot of effort into her appearance. She flat ironed her hair, beat her face down with all the latest beauty trends, and had always served looks in the pre-teen hallways of middle school. Especially on the first day at a new school, after all, you only get one chance at a first impression, right? Only that was three years and fifteen first-days ago and that version of herself was unrecognizable to her now having shed pieces of her former self in each city she left behind.It's not that she didn't care about the way she looked. She had just completely given up on trying to impress her peers and fit in. She used to be fantastic at it. A virtual chameleon able to fit in at any school with any group. She had been the teachers pet, the free-spirited dancer, the theatre nerd, the popular cheerleader and everything in between. She could be anything for a mission, become anyone for a cover. She used to enjoy the thrill of showing up to a new school, examining the terrain, and transforming herself into the perfect new student. Unfortunately, MJ could only recreate and destroy herself so many times before the deep loneliness began to show through the cracks of her perfectly curated facades until there was nothing left but this. The perfect teenage agent. No connections. No distractions. No remorse.She rolled her eyes at her own melodramatic internal monologue. She new she was privileged compared to so many women her age, but that didn't stop the darkness of isolation from creeping in. Tragedy was funny that way, it really couldn't be hidden and those who had experienced it wore it like a suit of armor. It came with the territory of being the daughter of two of the most deadly S.H.I.E.L.D agents to ever exist. Sure, she had received training in multiple forms of martial arts, self-defense, computer hacking, linguistics, and espionage, but every truly great agent in training knows that 'relationships and connections are a vulnerability and must only exist for the propagation and completion of a mission.' Their words, not hers.In other words, she didn't get to have real friends, so why fake it right? Nowadays, Michelle could barely remember the time before her training had begun. She didn't used to be like this. In fact, the closed off, cynical, and calculating young woman who was staring her down in the mirror felt almost like a stranger. When Michelle was young, before she new what her parents did for a living and her training had begun, she had been open, free spirited, curious, and hospitable to all people. Little MJ was renowned for her Michael Jackson impressions, her quick wit, and her never failing optimism about the good in all people. She loved and was loved by everyone who came into her life. She never met a stranger and always left people with a smile on their face. But nine years of moving every few months, never seeing her parents, and being mentally, physically, and emotionally conditioned to be the perfect spy chipped away at bright little MJ. Throw in some good old fashioned betrayal and abandonment and all that was left behind was Agent 217. She wasn't officially active duty yet, although she had been brought in on multiple assignments with her parents and completed her final trials last mo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
spideychelle - Relationship
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Zendaya Coleman/Tom Holland

freeform: 
Spideychelle
Peter Parker Loves Michelle Jones
First Love
Michelle has a back story
Michelle is an Agent of SHIELD
Rooftop Make-outs
Slow Burn
lots of fluff
Lots of Angst
The love story we deserved
TomDaya
Michelle's POV

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Ben Parker/May Parker (Spider-Man)
spideychelle - Relationship
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Zendaya Coleman/Tom Holland

