Work Text:
Unlike most Alphas, Steve does not have a regular, predictable rut cycle. He’d had a couple of ruts when he was a teenager, but they’d been pretty weak, as his frail body was unable to cope with anything stronger. After his surgery and hormone treatment, he’d put on weight and got sick less frequently, but his irregular ruts had remained. His doctors had tried all sorts of things to address the issue, but Steve’s resigned himself to the fact that his ruts will come whenever they please.With that being said, Steve can always tell when his rut is due. His pre-rut symptoms are a right bitch, worse than what most other Alphas have to go through. He’s got the usual behavioural changes – heightened stubbornness, irritability, increased desire to fight – and on top of that, his body aches like he’s just been run over by a tank. There’s a permanent itchiness under his skin, one that won’t go away no matter what he does. His appetite increases tenfold. It becomes so much harder to resist following the logic of his hindbrain, to think beyond satisfying his basal needs of eating, sleeping and fucking.Luckily, his pre-rut symptoms only last for about a week.Bucky hates Steve when he’s in pre-rut. Or, well. Bucky hates Steve as much as he can hate Steve, which is not that much, really. It’s more of an increased annoyance.When he’s in pre-rut, Steve has a tendency to coddle Bucky. He’s ridiculously overprotective, reluctant to let Bucky leave his sight. Sure, Bucky likes being doted on once in a while, but Steve lays it on especially thick during this time, making it hard to stomach. Bucky hates feeling like he’s being suffocated. Steve’s behaviour drives Bucky crazy, and he wishes that he could control himself better.Hence, it’s a relief to Steve when he wakes up one morning to find that he has transitioned into full-rut overnight. The itchiness under his skin has taken on a new intensity, like fire ants are crawling through his veins. There’s a mild throbbing in his groin and an ache in his jaw; he wants to fuck, to bite, to claim.He stretches out his arms and frowns when he finds Bucky’s side of the bed to be empty; the sheets are still slightly warm to the touch.Steve rolls onto his right side and glances at the clock on his bedside table. If this were a normal day, then Bucky would be at work by now, but he’d called in yesterday to tell his boss that he was taking the rest of the week off for partner support. All mated Alphas and Omegas are allocated a certain number of days of leave per year, in order to help their partner through a rut or heat cycle.As Bucky and Steve have been mated for a few years, Steve’s ruts will often sync up to Bucky’s heats. Bucky’s heats are regular and planned, managed by the various suppressants and hormone pills that he takes. However, Steve’s been doing a lot of travelling for work, lately, and the constantly changing time zones have thrown his body out of whack.With a grunt, Steve heaves himself off the bed and heads to the bathroom to relieve himself, wash his face and brush his teeth. He pulls on a pair of boxers before trudging to the kitchen, where he finds Bucky at the stove, cooking up some eggs. Bucky’s shirtless and wearing a pair of loose sweatpants that ride low on his waist, the fabric clinging to the swell of his ass. His hair is pulled into a messy bun at the nape of his neck.Steve is overcome with the urge to kiss that neck, so he plasters himself to Bucky’s back, snaking his arms around Bucky’s waist and crossing his wrists over his belly. He presses his nose to Bucky’s scent glands, inhaling the comforting and familiar smell of apple orchards and Coney Island in the summer. Bucky chuckles fondly, one hand coming to rest over Steve’s.“Mornin’ honey,” he says, turning to press a kiss to Steve’s forehead. Steve can feel Bucky’s nostrils flaring as he scents his mate. “It’s here?”Steve hums in agreement. “Come to bed,” he urges, lips peppering soft, butterfly kisses along the curve of Bucky’s neck. Breathing in the scent of his Omega – his mate – has loosened Steve’s grip on his self-restraint. His cock is hardening in his boxers, pressing against Bucky’s ass.“Breakfast first, then—,”“No,” Steve interrupts, fitting his mouth over Bucky’s scent glands and sucking hard. Bucky shivers in his grip, inhaling sharply in response. He tips his head forward, giving Steve more room to bite and suck at his neck.“Okay, then,” Bucky murmurs agreeably. With shaky hands, he shuts off the stove and drags the pan onto the counter, abandoning the half-scrambled eggs. Steve rumbles in approval as Bucky turns in his grip, plastering their chests together.Bucky’s flesh hand cards through Steve’s hair whilst his metal hand curls around his neck. The cool metal is a soothing balm on Steve’s heated skin. Steve kisses Bucky with unrestrained passion, tongue pressing insistently against Bucky’s lips until they part for him. His hands are roaming over Bucky’s back, whilst Bucky uses his g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rutting
Alternate Universe - No Powers
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Bucky still has his metal arm tho
Breeding
Breeding Kink
Unprotected Sex
Blowjobs
Oral Sex
Fingering
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Explicit Sexual Content

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

