Work Text:

  What does Barnes’ innocence change for Steve?  
Matt wanted to brain himself. Preparing the client should have been done by one of the junior associates but the entire office was swamped with the “Civil War” business.“We are not arguing Sargent Barnes, Mr. Rogers.”“The why am I here for? This whole mess is because Tony can’t let go of the past, it wasn’t Bucky that killed his parents! Are you listening to me?”“Mr. Rogers, we are not here because of anything Sargent Barnes might or might not have done. Can you agree that, regardless of Sargent Barnes’ role, Howard and Maria Stark were murdered? Can you agree that they did not die in an accident, but that someone, be it Sargent Barnes or HYDRA, someone ended their lives before their time?”Steve was almost heaving, he swallowed with some difficulty and finally nodded.“Please out loud, Mr. Rogers.”“Yes.”“Yes. Howard and Maria Stark were murdered?”“By HYDRA.”“By HYDRA.” Steve frowned in confusion at his quick acquiesce.“It is my job to prepare you for whatever questions the prosecutor might ask, so as my duty, I have to say that you cannot know if the hit was ordered by HYDRA or any other partners they might have had at the time. As we all know, HYDRA was close partners with dozens of other terrorist organizations. Zola’s ‘hint’ and Sargent Barnes’ unwilling association with HYDRA does not necessarily mean that HYDRA was the one to order the hit. Your personal belief is not proof either.”“What?!”“They were murdered, yes? No matter who did it. Barnes, HYDRA, or anyone else with access to the Winter Soldier’s trigger words, Howard and Maria Stark were murdered. Do you agree with that assessment?”“Yes.” And he had to bit his own tongue not to say anything else.“Did you have reason to believe that Howard and Maria Stark’s deaths were not brought by an accident?”“This isn’t what we discussed!”Matt gritted his teeth, “Yes, Mr. Rogers, I remember what we discussed. But I’m your lawyer, not Sargent Barnes’. And what more do you want? Your friend has already been cleared based on diminished capacity and under duress due to torture and literal biological manipulation, he is as safe as he can possibly get, you on the other hand…” Matt trailed off.“Then why do you keep bringing him up?” he gritted out.Matt stared back incredulously, and Steve had to remind himself that the lawyer was blind… but he sure didn’t act like it…“Because you keep bringing him up.” That shut the man up and Matt could only rub his forehead, “Mr. Rogers, I have tried to coach you out of it but it seems that you will need the real life experience to teach you: stop trying to justify your actions as ‘I was protecting my friend’.”“But this is the truth!”“Be that as it may, you were protecting your friend… but who was protecting the people that got hurt while you were protecting your friend? That’s what they want answers to. You were helping a friend, all good and great, but, and we are not talking just about the officers, but the civilians bystanders, they also have friends and families and they are asking you, "Why is your friend more important than theirs?" Sargent Barnes is alive and well, but their ‘Bucky’ are in hospitals or the morgue.”“This whole situation started with him, or at least with people in the same situation, look at what Tony did with Wanda!”Matt was seconds away from throwing his hands in the air and calling it a day, he wasn’t a therapist but shit, if the Socratic Method works on children…“What, exactly, did Dr. Stark do to Ms. Maximoff?”“He basically interned her! She did all she could and Tony locked her up like a criminal.”“Like Ross did with the Raft?”“Yes!”“Then the compound is like the Raft?”“What? Of course not! The compound is our home!”“But you just compared the Raft to the compound.”“No… I… Ross and Tony’s actions, that’s what I was comparing.”“So did Dr. Stark put a power suppressing collar and a straitjacket on Ms. Maximoff?”“No!”“Then how are their actions comparable?”“They both locked them up for no reason.”“Have you asked Dr. Stark for his reasons in asking Vision to ask Ms. Maximoff to stay inside the compound?”“Uh… Tony said something about… reprimands, but Wanda was trying to help! She did help, without her there would be a lot more deaths.”“But it wasn’t for ‘no reason’, was it?”“For no good reason.”“Mr. Rogers, are you aware of the public…sentiment towards Ms. Maximoff following… the events in Lagos?”“We were fighting a terrorist, why isn’t that enough?”Matt bit his own tongue but he insisted, “Were you aware of the public sentiment?”“I heard that there have been protests.”“Who have you heard that from?”“Nat mentioned that…”Matt could hear Rogers’ pulse take off like an enraged bull, but at the same time his temperature went down instead of up. And the lawyer imagined that he lost all color on his cheeks.“Yes?”“Nat said that it would be better if Wanda didn’t go out much for a while, so things could… calm down.” The lawyer would have sighed but this w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Legal Proceedings
Preparation for trial
Oblivious Steve
No character bashing
just obliviousness
Moderated because of trolls
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
