Chapter 1: In Which It All Stops Making Sense
    




Chapter Text

Eighth year at Hogwarts was going to be Hermione’s.


She had given six years of academics to Harry and Ron, and now she was going to have a year that was all her own. Voldemort was dead; most of the Death Eaters were imprisoned; and Harry and Ron were training to become aurors. Hermione was going back to school where she could finally give herself entirely to her education in the manner she had always aspired to.


A whole year she could devote herself to extracurriculars simply because she wanted to; and not due to a pressing need to save Harry or the wizarding world.


She could tell, based on some of the looks she was getting, that people were feeling sorry for her. They thought she was going to school as a way of running away or hiding; imagining that there was some sort of schism between herself and her best friends. All the news rags were screaming it, proclaiming that the “Golden Trio” had fallen out and weren’t speaking. The leading theory was that she and Ron had broken up, and Harry had sided against her.


Rubbish.


Hermione and Ron had hardly been together. They had discussed it and considered it. In the aftermath of the war, Hermione—and Ron—felt that they needed space to find themselves as individuals before trying to build themselves into a couple. Hermione had decided they ought to wait for a year and revisit the matter. Hermione would have completed her NEWTS by then and chosen her mastery and Ron would have wrapped up the most intensive part of auror training.


They would both have a better idea of what they wanted.


The fact that most of the wizarding world expected them to have gotten engaged at seventeen was just absurd in Hermione’s opinion. Despite the surprisingly good gender equality, Wizarding society was bizarrely antiquated in some ways. Because she was attending school rather than immediately getting married, the tabloids were convinced it must be because the Golden Trio had been shattered by something utterly salacious.


The mere thought made Hermione scoff inwardly and toss her head.


She had spent months living in a tent with her best friends. They had saved the world together. She was not going to become permanently attached at their hips in order to reassure an overly inquisitive public.


She was not interested in becoming an auror. She had fought her battles and she had no desire to have camping or dueling be a part of any future careers.


She wanted time to herself. To study. To not worry about keeping anyone alive or unexpelled. To decide what she wanted to do purely for her own sake, because of her own interests.


Eighth year was hers. Hers alone.


She hugged Harry and Ron, and kissed each of them on the cheek at Platform 9 ¾ before practically skipping onto the train.


She found an empty compartment, bustled in, and pulled out all her textbooks for review. She had read them over the summer, but rebuilding had made everything so chaotic, she really didn’t feel as though she’d pre-read things as thoroughly as she’d like.


Ginny stopped by and poked her head in to say hi, her Head Girl badge proudly pinned onto her uniform. Molly had been nearly hysterical with tears of joy when Ginny received it.


Hermione had experienced only had a moment’s envy at missing out on the position she had so coveted in her younger years. It hadn’t been a surprise. Minerva had visited Hermione and discussed the matter. Ginny and Neville had demonstrated exceptional leadership qualities at Hogwarts under the Carrow twins, but by all rights the position should have been Hermione’s during the previous year.


Hermione declined it. She was already getting cross-eyed trying to find a way to accommodate all the classes she wanted to take. She wanted a quiet academic year without any leadership positions.


The Head Girl badge had gone to Ginny.


Minerva had offered Hermione a prefect position instead but Hermione had declined that too.


The journey to Hogwarts was well underway when the door to her compartment abruptly slammed open and Draco Malfoy dove in and proceeded to disillusion himself on the bench across from her.


He had just finished disappearing when the door snapped open again and Daphne and Astoria Greengrass peered in.


“Granger,” said Daphne stiffly, pursing her lips as she stared down at Hermione. “Did you see Draco pass this way?”


Hermione stared for a moment.


“I’ve been reading,” she said.

Daphne sighed and rolled her eyes before turning to leave with her younger sister.

Hermione dropped her eyes back to her page and continued reading her arithmancy textbook until their clipped footsteps faded away into the click of the train wheels. Then she raised her eyes and lifted an eyebrow at the empty space across from her.


The emptiness rippled and Malfoy slowly bled back into view.


“Lying for me, Granger?” he said, raising an eyebrow, his words enunciated with a long, slow drawl. “I never thoug
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hermione Granger/Draco Malfoy

freeform: 
Hogwarts Eighth Year
Hogwarts Era
Post-Battle of Hogwarts
Post-War
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Compliant
Not Epilogue Compliant
Harry Potter Epilogue What Epilogue | EWE
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Draco Malfoy
Omega Hermione Granger
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Dominance
Submission
Knotting
Courtship
Scenting
Explicit Sexual Content
Porn With Plot
Hurt/Comfort
Omega Verse
Possessive Behavior
Attempted Sexual Assault
Not By Draco
Implied/Referenced Sexual Assault
Protective Draco Malfoy
Possessive Draco Malfoy
Miscommunication
Pining Draco Malfoy
Mutual Pining

fandom: 
Hermione Granger/Draco Malfoy

