Work Text:

Prologue

Moving into the tower, Peter hadn’t planned on becoming so close with the other supers. He was nerdy and lanky and he talked too much and he was willing to accept that he wouldn’t exactly fit in there. 

He never really expected to develop a close relationship with any of the others beyond professional kindness but he had hoped for the best and—like most of the things in his life—it had worked out in a way he hadn’t expected. 

Now, Peter would never really label himself as a 

sex fiend

 or anything like that, but he could admit that he enjoyed having sex. He was no longer the geeky kid who was overly shy about his sex life and his want for sex and—luckily—those in the tower were more than happy to indulge him. 
 
Steve

Sleeping with Steve was just about exactly how Peter had always thought it would be. Outside of the strong force he was in costume, Steve was like a giant touch-starved teddy bear, always wrestling his team into hugs and cuddles. Mother henning over them after missions, making sure their wounds were treated and they were fed. During movie nights, one of them always ended up in his lap, his arms wrapped around their middle to keep them as close as possible. 

That’s why it didn’t surprise Peter that Steve was a face-to-face missionary kind of guy. The first time they had slept together had been a blushing mess for the both of them, staring into each other’s eyes, their bodies pressed completely together. 

Even now after they’d done this what seemed like a million times, there was still that same magical feeling, like they were teenage lovers sharing their first time together. Steve kissed Peter long and soft as he stripped the both of them, pressing Peter down into the sheets and slotting his body into all of Peter’s crevices. He pulled Peter’s legs up to wrap around him and pressed his hips forward, swallowing Peter’s moan. Steve trailed his hands all over Peter’s body, fingers stopping briefly to rub at the boy’s nipples, moving down farther, pressing one hand’s fingers into the dips of Peter’s hips while his other hand, now slicked up with lube continued farther to press into the younger’s heat. 

The first digit had Peter sighing softly, brown eyes peering up wide into Steve’s own blue ones, a hand coming up to curve into the man’s blond hair and play with the strands. Steve added a second finger soon after, pulling a keening sound from Peter, the younger’s eyes fluttering shut, his hips shifting closer. 

“Please, 

more,” 

Peter’s voice was barely more than a whisper, the boy dragging Steve back down into a kiss, their lips catching his moan as Steve added another finger and soon another before pulling away, smiling softly down at Peter as he slicked himself up and lined the head of his dick up with Peter’s hole. Under him, Peter’s cheeks were flushed prettily giving him a youthful look, his lips parted to let out small pants of breath, his hair mussed up against the pillows. The look of pleasure on Peter’s face when Steve pushed in fully coupled with the heat of Peter swallowing him in made Steve’s eyes flutter, a gasping moan leaving him. 

After a moment, Peter let out a high-pitched noise, shifting his hips to bring Steve closer, moving his hands from where they had been clenching Steve’s biceps to lay above his head on the bed, his eyes slitting open to meet Steve’s. Steve shifted them slightly, a hand reaching down to pull Peter’s leg up higher, the other trailing up to wrap around Peter’s wrists, pressing them down into the bed as he pulled his hips back and pressed them forward again. Peter whined again, his core flexing at the feeling, the sound pushing Steve forward, pressing more of his weight onto the brunette’s body and pinned wrists and moving his hips faster. 

Now, Peter let out a full moan, his head tilting backwards as Steve began to actually fuck him, his hips hitting against Peter’s with every thrust. A well-placed thrust to Peter’s prostate had him arching up off the bed, his heels digging into the small of Steve’s back. Spurred by this, Steve angled his hips, fingers tightening over his wrists and every thrust hitting Peter’s spot until Peter arched up against him again and came, his cum spilling between their stomachs. Steve continued thrusting into him chasing his own orgasm, loving the small whimpers and sounds Peter let out as his over-sensitive hole was pushed into. Finally, Peter clenched tight over Steve, pulling the blond over the edge, his body folding over Peter’s, his head pressing into the crook of the boy’s neck as they caught their breath. 

Peter played with the short strands of hair at the base of Steve’s neck for a minute before the blond pushed himself up and pulled himself out of Peter, both of them whining a bit at the feeling. Peter laid there while Steve went to get a towel to wipe them both off with before the older settled back into the bed, pulling Peter’s pliant body into his arms. 

The last thing Peter felt befo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor

freeform: 
nat is mentioned twice but i don't write het sooo lmao
peter parker is a hoe in this
But everyone loves it
Bottom Peter Parker
Anal Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Fingering
Smut
Fluff and Smut
Shameless Smut
Bondage
Kinda
Everyone loves Peter
Blow Jobs
Oral Sex
Begging
Power Play
a little lol
Rough Sex
Size Kink
Strength Kink
Rutting
Dry Humping
Riding
Hand Jobs
Angst
literally the lightest bit
Team as Family
Aged-Up Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Everyone
Peter Parker/Everyone
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peter Parker
Clint Barton/Peter Parker
Bruce Banner/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Thor

