Chapter 1





Chapter Text
James does not like going out, not anymore. Still, Tony drags him into several clubs during the week, hoping to get him to have some fun, maybe go home with someone else.Today, the music is especially loud and noisy in James's ears. He is nursing his third drink, watching Tony and Bruce getting it on at the dance floor and considers just getting up and leaving when he catches the guy in the corner of the booth beside him. He is slim and blond, with a ridiculously handsome face wearing a concentrated expression and frail hands that remind James of small birds.Most important of all, he is drawing.James watches him for another moment, utterly bewildered by that little guy in the middle of a booming club, just drawing with his knees drawn up to his chest and a sketch pad put at his knees. It takes him another moment to realize what the little guy is drawing and he only realizes it when little guy looks up at him and their eyes meet briefly. With a grunt, he downs his glass of vodka and gets up to slip into the booth of little guy. Little guy jumps a little, but even though James is about a head bigger and a lot more muscular than him, he raises his chin and regards him with a look that holds the same power James has seen on Officers in the army. "Hi," He says and it is funny because his voice sounds raspy by accident, but little guy looks at him in baffled amazement. "Are you drawing me?""Yes," Little guy replies immediately without hesitating or bullshitting him for a second and then flushes bright red, but he hands over the sketch pad. He has a surprisingly deep, strong voice that carries over the music easily, James notes a little absently. "I'm sorry. I should've asked first, but--you know, you were--if I would've asked, it wouldn't have been the same. I intended to go up to you and tell you I drew you afterwards, but, uh, sorry." "This is good," James says a little surprised and his fingertips rest on a white space of paper while he looks at the black lines that form his face, half-hidden by his shoulder-long hair. It looks dangerous. It looks lonely. It looks- "I mean I can give it to you and you--wait, what?" Little guy says in confusion, then knits his eyebrows together before it eases into something quite pleased. "Thank you. It's just a quick sketch, but--I hope you don't mind me saying that, but this metal prosthesis of yours is quite remarkable." "You have a strange taste in men," James replies without thinking and when he realizes what he is doing he hands over the sketch pad as quickly as possible. He does not flirt with people nor does he try to find out more about their tastes that easily. Not anymore.Little guy just smiles, looks at him with blue, blue eyes and says, "Well, what are your tastes, then?"//////They have coffee a week later.James does not do coffee. Nor does he wear Nice Shirts, but as it is he is wearing a Very Nice Shirt that apparently brings out his natural advantages, as Natasha put it. Last but not least, he does not do coffee and wear Very Nice Shirts for civilians. Little guy's name is Steve and he has the nicest smile James has ever seen because he smiles like he really means it every damn time. When he comes in and sits down across the table from him, smooths down his hair and peels himself out of scarf and thick jacket, James cannot help but notice how quickly he could kill him. Steve is pale enough that the veins are embedded into his skin like rivers carved into snowy mountains. When he wraps his hands around a big mug steaming with tea, James notices carefully clipped, clean fingernails and finds himself slightly smiling out of some strange reason. Steve is a little awkward and shy enough to stumble his way through words while James silently sips his coffee and smiles at that strange, attractive guy in front of him. He is surprised to find that he feels good; he does not even mind the other people too much. His metal arm is hidden underneath a long sleeve and gloves and most people don't know much about the Winter Soldier's appearance except that he has long dark hair and a cybernetic arm, so nobody bothers him as well. Apparently, Steve does not really bother either. James does not know what to make out of that. //////Three days later James is wearing a Very Nice T-Shirt and they are having coffee again, only this time they are at Steve's tiny, but beautiful apartment that is crammed with canvas and sunlight and medicaments. "I've got some pretty bad asthma," Steve tells him and James looks at the small blue dots of paint splattered all over his nose while he talks, pale hands fluttering in the air like lively birds. "Sometimes even sunlight is hard for me to bear. Then I get sick a lot as well, fever and whatever disease there is in the world. God knows I had pneumonia alone seven times already. Jesus, I'm a train wreck. You sure you want to get to know me better?""Could I have some more coffee?" James asks and watches Steve smile. //////"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
winter soldier and his willowy boyfriend
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Tiny Steve
Skinny Steve
Winter Soldier - Freeform
Character Death
Fluff and Angst

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

