Work Text:
In the wake of the superhero Civil War, Stephen finds his days unusually busy. Not that he wouldn't be busy as the Sorcerer Supreme. Normally, the busy days would consist of him and Wong doing sorcerer work. Now, he's suddenly in the middle of both sorcerer and Avengers business.He spends almost as much time in the Compound as he spends in the Sanctum and both places are basically overrun by both sorcerers and Avengers alike.Peter somehow decided the Sanctum is a great place to come after school to study - while inconspicuously investigating all things magical. Vision materializes out of walls every now and then, keen on reading some of the texts about the Infinity stones and even Rhodes stops by sometimes on his way to the rehab center.And Stephen always finds an excuse to drop by the Compound, if only to keep Tony company. Especially after the rogues broke out of the prison, Stephen and Wong both made up the most ridiculous reasons and then some to stay in the Compound should any of them be foolish enough to try and sneak in there."I know where they are," Tony told him at one point. "T'Challa gave them asylum in Wakanda. For now."Stephen offered to invade the kingdom and drop them all back to the Raft and was only half joking. Tony laughed it off of course but Stephen was seconds away from opening a portal in there and finding every single last one of them.Apparently a friend of Tony's there can help with Barnes's haywire brain so the engineer's in no hurry to go after the rogues, no matter how that Ross guy would want him to.Hell, Stephen will volunteer if it ever comes down to it. As it is, he's letting the rogues fly under the radar instead...for now, as Tony said. Something's going to have to be done about them eventually. The pawns, the Witch and in particular - the Captain.He thought he sucked at apologies - turns out Rogers is beyond hopeless when it comes to those. If that's what the letter was supposed to be anyway. No wonder Tony's the way he is, if this is how people apologize for almost killing him – by not really apologizing at all.Rogers is pretty damn good at making an apology sound like an excuse and an accusation combined. What a jerk. Tony keeps the phone but doesn't call the man - thank God. There's only so much bullshit one should deal with in a lifetime and Tony is already going over capacity.So the rogues are put to the sidelines and Tony focuses on what's left of the actual team instead.He spends his days in the lab working on the braces for Rhodey, giving Stephen a first row seat to the genius engineering part of him. Sometimes they just stay in the lab in silence, with him doing some magical homework while Tony tinkers. Sometimes Peter barges in with a million questions about something and they don't get any work done.Sometimes they talk, about everything and nothing...on a particularly bad day Stephen tells him about the accident, Tony tells him about Afghanistan and they throw the work behind their backs, open a good bottle of whiskey and drink through the night, just enough to dull the pain.And just like that, Stephen's accursed life of solitude is turned completely upside down as he's suddenly surrounded by all kinds of people. The curious Vision, hyperactive Peter, scheming Wong, steady and loyal Rhodey, FRIDAY, the bots, the Cloak…and Tony.Tony most of all.One early morning, the doors to the Sanctum fly open and Tony walks in as confident as ever, a darkened look on his face. "We have a situation, I repeat, we have a situation!" he jumps up the stairs two at a time, stopping by Stephen sitting on the windowsill, reading."What is it?" he clasps the book close and stands. "Aliens? Warmongering Earthly villains? Cats becoming sentient embodiments of evil and wanting to take over the world?""It's Peter," Tony answers, frowning at him. "Cats? What the actual fuck, Stephen?""Never mind. What did the kid got himself into now?""He decided to kidnap not one, but two rather dangerous individuals as part of his summer plan," Tony sighs, shoving his hands into his fancy-pants' pockets. "Ugh. Of course he did. Who is it? Gangsters? Drug dealers? HYDRA?""A wealthy businessman slash genius philanthropist and a monk-lookin'ass wizard doctor."Stephen scoffs, pausing. "Wait...you mean...that's - ""Us, yeah. It's his last week before summer break's over so he's threatening to kidnap us unless we voluntarily go hang out with him somewhere.""I thought he was with that friend of his...Ted?""Ned.""Yes, him...what was it? Some science camp down in Fairfield?""Yeah, that thing ended like last week. Then he went with May to visit his extended family in Jersey and now it's apparently Avengers team-bonding time.""I'm not officially part of the team.""He doesn't care.""He is not officially part of the team.""He cares even less about that," Tony shrugs, leaning against the cobweb-covered wall."No. I think he cares a whole lot about that," he points out, sitting back down."He's not even legal to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Angst
Fluff
Comfort
Road Trips
Kinda
Team Bonding
Vision and Rhodey are good bros
Mentions of PTSD
Mentions of Panic Attacks
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Trust Issues
Tony and Stephen bonding time
Holding Hands
Ned Leeds - mentioned
Aunt May - mentioned
hints of Supremefamily
Peter LOVES magic
Tony hates magic
Stephen hates cars
Banter
Cloak is like a puppy
Caring Stephen
caring Tony
just soft bois being soft for once
Height Difference that we deserve

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

