Chapter 1





Chapter Text
 It's mid morning in the Avengers compound which means it's too early for some people, while the others have probably been up for hours by now. Peter, staying here for the week, has only been awake for an hour because he is a normal person—despite the superhero abilities. The coffee he made sits at his elbow where he's been lounging at the bar, playing a mindless game on his phone. He hasn't seen anyone else since dinner, and according to FRIDAY the only people left in the compound are himself, Tony, and Steve.“Morning, kid,” Tony says, as if conjured by thought alone.He looks surprisingly put together considering Tony is one of the ones lumped in the “too early” category Peter has in his head. The collared shirt has two open buttons, and Tony's jeans look fresh. He must be leaving to meet Pepper somewhere.“Rude,” Peter complains mildly when Tony snatches the mug of coffee and downs half of it. “Make your own.”Tony sets the mug back down, licking his lips as he shakes his head. “Coffee stunts your growth, you shouldn't be drinking it.” But he does go to the coffee maker to pop in a fresh brew cup all the same.Peter curls an arm around his coffee protectively anyway. “I'm the same height as you”Tony busies himself with getting the creamer out, ignoring the fact that Bruce's name is printed very carefully below the lid. “Just think of how tall you'd be now, if you hadn't taken up the life of a caffeine fiend.” To his utter delight at timing, Steve chooses to walk through kitchen door at that moment. Tony turns around to lean against the counter and says, “You might have even gotten as tall as old Cap, here.”“Whatever it is, I'm not involved.” Steve looks fresh from a shower, blonde hair still damp at the thickest part. He quickly passes Steve on his way to the refrigerator and pulls a container of blueberries out. “I'm only here for the food.”Peter watches the ease with which the two older men maneuver in the kitchen, making their respective breakfasts. Tony's playful, “Freeloader,” comment is received with a small smile before Steve turns his attention to the rest of his smoothie ingredients.“Would you like one?” Steve asks Peter, dumping a scoop of vanilla protein powder into the almond milk he poured into the blender. “Have you eaten yet?”Peter glances down at the black screen of his phone where it's gone into power saving mode at the idleness. “Just coffee.”“Like me.” Tony grins before taking a long pull from his travel mug. Peter exchanges a look with Steve. His phone beeps and FRIDAY is warning Tony that he's on the verge of being late for his flight. “Well boys, as lovely as this brunch has been, my lady awaits.” With that, he gives a casual salute to them both and strides out of the kitchen.“Peter?” Steve prods, pulling his attention from the empty doorway.Peter's been awake for an hour or so, but it doesn't feel like his brain is fully online. He looks back at Steve, raising his eyebrows before he realizes he never answered the questions. “Oh, um. Sure.” He smiles a little bashfully. “I'm hungry, just a little too lazy to do anything about it.”Steve’s expression is chiding, but he chuckles. “Sit tight. This will only take a minute.”Peter swipes the screen of his phone to wake it up and taps in his security code. No new texts from Ned or MJ, so he flips through Instagram. He toys with the idea of taking a photo of the smoothie once it's finished and captioning it “ made by my own personal chef, Captain America  .  ” Peter won't do that, of course. He has no interest in outing his secret identity for the sake of likes, but it's just one of those things he does. Imagining what it would be like to be able share about the more mundane and private life of being an Avenger. Tony does it some, but usually only funny or mildly insulting things about his teammates.The whir of the blender brings out a growl from Peter's stomach at the prospect of food. He watches the liquid turn progressively more purple.“How much do you eat a day?” Peter blurts the question before he realizes he was even thinking about it.Steve has probably already answered that one somewhere, multiple times even, but Peter doesn't actually like reading the interviews or following their press. Either way, Steve doesn't seem offended by it.He shrugs, “I need about four thousand calories a day to not feel like I'm starving. This is my second breakfast.” His lips curve into a small smile, and Peter knows he's thinking about Lord of the Rings.“I figured it was something like that.” He reaches forward to snatch a blueberry from the open container and pop it into his mouth. The flesh of the fruit splits, tangy sweetness blooming across his tongue in a very satisfying way. “I'm supposed to eat more. And sleep more.” He sighs.Steve’s brow knits, and Peter realizes his mistake. He deflects with , “What did you have for your first breakfast?”The smoothies are done, and Steve pulls two large glasses from the dishwasher to fill 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Future Fic
Sex Education
Kink Exploration
Social Media
Daddy Kink
Developing Relationship
Age Difference
Possessive Behavior
Hand Jobs
Relationship Negotiation
Hopeful Ending

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers

