Chapter 1: Tony Stark 3.0?
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Tony would never forget the feeling of the ashes on his hands. They burned into his skin and his chest felt like it was on fire. He closed his eyes as the world fell apart around him. Blood rushed in his ears and he felt completely disconnected from his surroundings. For all he knew he was dead. God, he wished he was. This was worse than anything hell could throw at him.For a moment he was brought back to this morning. He thought that dream was telling him that he should have a kid, but he realized now that he had been dead wrong. He already has a son. Had. ‘Too little, too late, asshole’ a voice in his head was saying. He choked on a sob and curled further into himself. He felt like he was drifting in and out of awareness and for how long he couldn’t say. Then suddenly, the world came barreling into him and his eyes flew open as his body jerked awake violently.“Good Morning Sir, it is 12:32pm on Monday, May 28. Current temperature is 72°F, with clear skies.”Tony just kind of stared at the ceiling in shock, his brain short-circuiting as he tried to process what the actual hell was going on. He was in his bed at his old Malibu mansion, with JARVIS, JARVIS, speaking to him like it was just any other fucking day. Like he hadn’t just experienced half of the fucking universe being eradicated. Like he hadn’t just lost one of the most important people in his life. He briefly considered this to be some hallucination or fever-dream, or even better, Thanos fucking with his reality, but none of those explanations seemed to fit with his current situation.Abruptly, he sat upright and violently pulled the covers off him. “What year is it, J?”“2010, Sir are you all right? Do you need me to call Ms. Potts?”His breath caught in his throat, “Pepper’s all right?”JARVIS sounded concerned when he said, “Yes, she is currently at her Malibu office. Would you like me to call her?”As one anxiety left, another one struck him in the chest. Tony stumbled out of bed and scrambled to find the nearest clothes to throw on, “No, don’t bug her. I need you to find out everything you can on Peter Parker. He’s from Queens.” He cursed as he hit his toe on the side of a dresser.JARVIS hesitated, “…May I ask why you are inquiring about this Mr. Parker?”“Just do what I said, JARVIS!” Tony snapped.The silence afterwards instantly made Tony feel guilty. Look at what he was doing now, yelling at his own friend after years of missing him dearly. He would apologize later, though. There was no time, he had to find Peter. He had to make sure he was okay, he just had to.After a few seconds, JARVIS replied “Peter Parker, age 9, born June 4, 2001. Parents, Richard and Mary Parker died in a plane crash when he was 4. He is currently under the care of his aunt and uncle, May and Benjamin Parker. They live in the suburbs of Queens in New York City.”“He’s all right?”“All medical records look fine. He’s most likely attending school at this time.”Tony felt himself hyper-focusing, his mind running 1000 miles per minute, “Great, get the suit ready. ”“But sir-“Tony pulled on a navy jacket, “No buts J, I want to be there by tonight.” He grabbed his phone, almost pausing to gawk at the seemingly ancient technology (by his standards at least, this was probably the most advanced cellphone in the world at the moment).JARVIS continued to protest, “Sir, I really think that now is not a good time—“Tony huffed in annoyance, “J, I gotta tell you, I really missed you, but now is not the time to argue with me, I—““SIR!”Tony stopped in his tracks, shocked at the amount of emotion that was coming from the AI.JARVIS seemed almost sad when he said, “Sir, I do not understand what exactly is going on right now, but you cannot be going off in the state that you are in. You need to keep searching for a way to stop the poisoning.”Oh yeah, he forgot about the palladium. Tony looked down at his chest where the unmistakable glow of the arc reactor shined through his shirt. It’s been almost 4 years since he’s had this thing, and now that he realized that it’s there, the limited lung capacity and aching pains came rushing back. And now the added joyful feeling of being poisoned by the palladium. Shit.“Also, tomorrow is your birthday and you have a party to host.” JARVIS added.Double shit. Tony groaned and rubbed his hands over his face. He finally remembers this day, this time, and a lot was going to happening in the next couple days. JARVIS was right, he couldn’t just leave. But he also knew that the panic inside wouldn’t rest until he saw that Peter was alive and well.Tony paused and rubbed his fingers under his chin. Suddenly, he snapped his fingers, “Okay, new plan: Are there any cameras around his school or house?”If JARVIS could sigh, Tony thinks he would have done so in relief. “Yes, there are.”Tony nodded as he continued walking downstairs to his workshop, “Good, go
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Time Travel
Time Travel Fix-It
Tony Stark-centric
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Can you tell I love Tony?
Thor (2011) - Freeform
Iron Man 2
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Angst and Humor
Fluff
Tags May Change
Implied/Referenced Child Molestation
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Deserves Better
Bucky Barnes Feels
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

