Work Text:
“Are you sure you're ready for this?” Steve asks, stroking the point of Bucky's hipbone with the pad of his thumb. He is naked and he is perfect and sometimes Bucky isn't sure that he knows how to want things anymore, but Bucky wants him.When he’d first started looking at Steve and feeling hunger, Bucky couldn't get rid of the clawing, panicked thought that it was the violence he spends every day suppressing bubbling up again, that the last command programmed into his fragmented mind was making its demands. It frustrates him, the amount of time it took to connect the tension thrumming underneath his skin with moments like Steve stepping out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his hips, some errant drop of water sliding down his abs. It felt—still feels—a little bit like failure, like a sharp reminder that he might have broken free from that un-life of missions and obedience and pain, but he can never be a person again (at least, not all the way).He doesn't remember sex, not really. Except for vague flashes of kissing sharp ribs and a concave stomach; of a broad, bare chest pressed against his; a hot mouth swallowing the sounds he couldn't suppress in a cold, muddy tent, it was burned out of him with all the rest.Ready doesn't seem like the right word—right words are so hard to find these days, and Bucky's not sure he's ever going to feel ready for anything that isn't the kill. But ready or not, this—sex with the person who's spent months upon months painstakingly helping him become something like human again, the person who's helped him realize that there's good in the world—is something Bucky needs.There's no point in trying to be eloquent. He wouldn't succeed, anyway. His body has been taken away from him and turned against him for so long, and now he needs to know that it can feel something good, needs Steve to show him. He answers Steve with an affirmative grunt.Steve laughs and crawls over Bucky to kiss him on the lips again. They've been kissing for what could be hours, but it's still electric. Steve pulls back to look at him, overwhelming affection in his eyes, and strokes Bucky's chest with his big, warm hands. With Steve touching him, Bucky doesn't feel like a cold corpse that HYDRA pulled out of a ravine and turned into their murderous doll. He feels like something else—maybe, just maybe, like he's alive. Steve keeps running those hands over Bucky's skin, ducks his head to kiss Bucky's neck and then lick a stripe from his jaw to his ear.It's not enough, and Bucky is sick of waiting. He locks his thighs around Steve's hips—careful, so careful, because his instincts are (will always be) lethal, and super-soldiers are not immune to broken bones—and drags him down, so they're chest to chest and nose to nose. Steve's grinning so bright that it looks like it hurts, and his smile warms Bucky up, too, sets something smoldering in his chest.He takes Bucky's face in both hands and kisses him and kisses him until Bucky breaks away; everything is so bright, and Bucky's heart feels two sizes too large. “Steve,” he says, and it probably comes out as a prayer. Steve's stroking the side of his face and it's so tender, like no way he's ever thought being touched could be—like nothing he's ever done anything to deserve. He shoves the thoughts down, and wraps a leg around Steve's waist. “Make me forget all the bad stuff, please.”“I'll try my best, Buck,” Steve says, voice thick with so much feeling it's a goddamn blow. “Might remember a few tricks.”“Ain't that why I keep you around?” He can't quite get the cocky drawl from a lifetime ago, but he can still make Steve smile.Steve steals another quick kiss, biting Bucky's lower lip, and then he reaches for the nightstand. Bucky watches the muscular lines of his body. He can locate every single weak spot without thinking; attacking would be easier than breathing. Steve is smart; Steve knows there is a killer in his bed, and he just doesn't care and sometimes it's scary, but sometimes it makes Bucky feel free.Steve returns, victorious, with lube. “How do you wanna do this?”“We talked about it,” Bucky tells him, leaning back against the pillows and looking up at him.Steve wraps his arms around Bucky's middle and kisses his stomach. “But you're sure.”“You're the one who remembers things.” Steve's mouth tickles on the sensitive skin.“Muscle memory,” Steve reminds him.Bucky runs his fingers through Steve's hair. It's soft. He’d had to relearn touching Steve like this along with everything else. “Trust you more than I trust my muscle memory.” Strangely enough, trusting Steve was never all that hard.Steve shakes his head, terribly fond, and hooks an arm under Bucky's thigh, settling on top of him, between his legs. “You ready?”“Days ago,” Bucky says with his very best scowl.Steve's hand brushes over Bucky's half-hard cock. It's so nice to be touched like that. “Don't feel so ready to me.”“What're you gonna do about it?” There are so many things that Bucky doesn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Emotional Sex
Psychological Trauma
Insecurity
Fluff
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
First Time
kind of
Hurt/Comfort
Memory Loss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

