Work Text:
 
   It's a Sunday and he's sitting at his favourite coffee shop reading the news. It's nice out and the napkins on the table that are weighed down by his espresso, flutter in the wind. He's on the patio and a small black iron fence separates him from the pedestrians, and reminds him of France from a movie he'd seen.It's the voice that draws his attention, it's familiar... he takes a sip of his espresso and almost spits it out when he realizes who he'd heard and then the sight, and in the back of his mind, the smell he registers -- it's Xavier.Erik can hardly believe his eyes. He's walking a black and white cat and greeting half of the people on the street -- shop vendors, and people walking by -- who all greet him like they actually know him, while he's dressed like a -- confused disaster! Maroon tight khakis over his chunky ass, that stop above his ankle and a cardigan dress shirt combo which clashes terribly: an orange and white striped dress shirt, peaking out of a beat up puke green cardigan, which wraps up his plump frame, being an obvious 30 lbs at the least over weight.He frolics in a pair of cream Toms garbage loafers, and the only thing that isn't repulsive about the look, is Xavier himself: His round baby face has a close shaven, yet unkempt ginger beard and stash, and his hair is full and wavy and is an attractive shade of dark brown. His eyes as always intensely blue and intriguing, and his feminine lips that are always a touch too red shine like he's wearing lip gloss, but that is probably due to him being an omega. They are prone to finer features, Xavier no exception. But his looks couldn't distract him. It was his entire wardrobe, and he was grateful that he didn't go out in public like that. What was he thinking... and the fucking cat on a leash...He strained to watch Xavier disappear down the street, watching his chunky bum moving in those tight pants and shook his head. He flicked his paper into order and thought of the other man, speculating if he lived in the area. That would be a bizarre coincidence, he thought abnormally for himself. Erik usually didn't vest to much mental effort into questioning the people around him, unless they were annoying him, or he viewed them as a threat.Xavier on the other hand was one the few employees he managed, that he actually remembered and recognized without having to put forth effort that he usually didn't care to. It wasn't his job to remember the staff, unless they were messing up and asking for an evaluation, which, Erik equally loathed and enjoyed. A chance to terrorize his staff legally, was the sweetest of rewards. And that doesn't occur that often, but when it does – he always has their personal file which he examines ahead of time, so he knows who he's dealing with.Xavier on the other hand had made his existence known to Erik within the first hour of meeting him, and he never forget about the plump-brunette-omega-telepath. And all those labels usually came along in his mind when he thought of the flamboyant Brit.It was almost a year ago in his office when Xavier came into the spectrum of his reality...His phone rang on his desk, so naturally he picked it up. "Mr. Lehnsherr, Mr. Xavier is here. Should I let him in?" Erik felt his jaw clench at the prospect of being in the same room as a telepath. Even if he was being hired as a safe proof against corporate espionage through the device of telepathy, he still didn't trust them. Although he wouldn’t have to worry about Xavier picking apart his brain due to the dampening field that encompasses the Stark Industries high rise. (Dampening field were common most places since the technology was available due to Stark industries).Mr. Charles Xavier pranced into his office like he just won Little Miss America, and he felt his face being pulled into an annoyed guise, as he assessed the state of the man in front of him. Erik had read his file, and had to talked to Tony personally about their newest addition.Apparently Stark knows this man, and they had gone to the same school, and he was apparently the strongest Telepath in the world, which Erik chose to not believe because he didn't know why a man with those abilities would be working in an office processing paperwork. Especially a man who has two separate PhD's, one in Genetics, and the other in Psychiatry, which equated to: he was apparently a genius -- and seriously did he have to dress like that? Erik didn't like him the second he stepped through his door.His clothing had always been the main issue that Erik had with him, followed by his weight, and then his personality, and telepathic-ness, and then his habit of harbouring baked good and sweets, like if he didn't have a piece of junk in his hand at all times then he was going to go into shock -- But Erik would get to that disgusting anomaly later... and of course there were other reasons why he disliked the man that he would also get to later, which might include the fact that he was an ome
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
First Time
Romance
Harlequin
Fluff and Smut
Alpha/Omega
Slash
Knotting
Workplace Relationship
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Humor
Happy Ending
Boss/Employee Relationship
Genosha
Peeking through blinds
Food Porn
Alternate Universe - Modern: Still Have Powers
Stark Tower
Crack
Past Torture
Cat's
Ass Play
Dirty Talk

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

