Chapter 1: homework
    




Chapter Text
It had become a routine. Go through school each day. Go home to check up with May. Patrol. Repeat until Friday. Get picked up by Happy. Stay at the compound over the weekend. Get dropped off at school on Monday. Repeat.Tony often worked in the lab with him while he visited, but only after he finished his homework. Other times, however, when there was nothing to work on, they would just hang out, watching movies and eating crap, which still weirded Peter out a little. It was extremely domestic of Tony, and Peter suspected if any of the other Avengers were here, he might not be so outward about caring for him.The rogue Avengers had officially been pardoned since the end of what the world called the ‘Infinity War’, but all of them had yet to return home. Most of the Avengers that hadn’t been fugitives were also abroad, trying to put out the flames that the ‘war’ had caused. Tony was left to deal with the fires at home virtually alone. Pepper was there off and on, but Peter noticed that she didn’t come often or stay long. A day or two at most and then another few weeks of disappearance. She probably had a lot on her plate at the moment as well. And Tony was handling it fairly well. But he was incredibly busy. He was so busy he sometimes had to make Peter run maintenance on his own because he had a phone call to make or an email to send. And as much as it disappointed Peter, he understood. He couldn’t be the most important all the time.So Peter was there for Tony when no one else could be. He knew his presence calmed the billionaire for some reason, with the way his shoulders would slump in relief when Peter arrived, or the easy smile that would take over his face when he thought Peter wasn’t looking, or the way he would spontaneously decide to come with Happy to pick Peter up because he was ‘in the neighborhood’.Peter doesn’t understand why his presence calms Tony, just that it does, and that’s all that he needs to know.So visiting the compound has become a routine. It’s still surreal, but not in a ‘I wish I could achieve that’ kind of way, but in a ‘I’m so blessed this is my life’ kind of way.And Happy’s sarcastic comments have become routine as well, so when Peter puts his bags in the trunk and first enters the back of the Audi that the driver has pulled up in that Friday, he already has his earbuds in and is blasting AC/DC to drown out the snark.The hour ride slips by quickly with his music and his thoughts. He thinks of his latest patrol and the child he pulled out of the way of an oncoming car. He thinks of that one Star Wars Lego set that Ned’s little brother destroyed and they’d have to rebuild. He thinks of MJ and why she always calls him a loser when there are much more creative names to call him, like the ones she sticks on Flash. He wonders what Tony will have him work on or if it’ll be just another hangout weekend.And before he knows it, they’re here.He manages to hide his fangirling as he takes in the compound. But barely. Just barely.Happy turns around to look at him straight in the face, and Peter barely catches, “You get all that?” from underneath the music pulsing into his ears.Peter pulls out an earbud. “Hmm? Oh, uh, yeah. Yeah, I got it.”Happy squints at him for a second before grunting something that sounded like he was cursing at teenagers for being so difficult and Tony for making him babysit.Peter just ignored him, opening the door and practically leaping out. “I got my bags, Happy, thanks for the lift!”He grabbed his bags from the trunk and completely missed Happy’s small smile and shake of the head.Knowing he’d have to finish his homework before Tony would do anything with him, (‘do as I say, not as I do’ Tony had said when he’d protested) he dropped his suitcase off at the door and immediately headed straight to the mega fridge to pick up a tub of ice cream to get him through the English essay that was due on Monday.Sensing someone behind him with his ‘sixth sense’, he didn’t bother turning around. “Hey Mr. Stark,” he called over his shoulder, trying to dig through and find the mint chip, “I’m gonna head up to my room to get started on my essay, I’ll be done in about an hour, can you-”He whipped around as his Spider-sense went crazy and caught the pen that had been hurtling towards the back of his neck.He frowned at the pen for a moment before his eyes focused on the scene in front of him and his jaw dropped.The entire Avengers team sat at the dining room table, staring at him.For a full ten seconds, no one said anything.Tony, of course, shattered the silence. “You seem surprised, why are you surprised?”Peter just blinked, focusing on Tony’s face. “But... I-ngg... uh,” Peter shook his head and huffed out a nervous laugh. “It’s the Avengers.”“Did Happy not fill you in?” Tony looked amused. Peter was just glad he wasn’t angry.Then it clicked. “Oh, that’s what he had been talking about! Sorry, I... uh...” his voice trailed off as his brain tried to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
A civil-war fix-it
the Avengers are talking now
No one hates each other
Tony Stark Friendly
steve rogers friendly
peter officially meeting the avengers for the first time
tony stark being domestic
Tony Feels
peter has minor anxiety
nothing too huge
but enough
spider-man is an official avenger in this fic
no one except tony and peter know it though
eventual spider-man reveal
(natasha knows btw)
tony stark is such a dad
5+1 Things
five times peter's identity was almost outed to the avengers
and the one time it was
also some minor Spidey-chelle because I couldn't help myself
violence towards the end
Torture and stuff
Blood and Torture
Sorry guys
someone help me

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker

