Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“But Mr. Warren . . .” 
“I'm sorry, Peter, but rules are rules. I can not let you go on the field trip tomorrow,” the science teacher explained with a look of sympathy. 
“But there’s only one trip a year, and I have all the grades and more to be able to go, please, isn't there something I can do?” Peter pleaded with his favorite teacher. 
“Peter,” he sighed, “look, there is nothing more that I want than to let you go on this trip. You are by far one of the most intelligent students to walk into this classroom, but I did not pick the criteria for this trip. It states clearly that only those with a maximum of 3 excused absences should be allowed to go. Peter, you have had 7 excused and 3 unexcused absences this semester, not to mention the 3 times that you have skipped a class in the middle of the day. If it were less maybe it would be another story, but, Peter, as much as I want to, I can not overlook this.  I'm sorry, but you can't go.” The teacher shut his computer and placed it in his bag. He stood and lead Peter over to the door, “Now, I suggest you get going if you want to miss 5 o’clock traffic.” 
“Yes, Mr. Warren,” Peter said, sighing in defeat, heading toward his locker. He had been so excited when he heard that there was going to be a field trip, only to have it ripped apart when he was handed a rejection letter instead of a permission slip. 
Peter rounded the last corner before his locker to see his best friend standing by it with a grin plastered on his face. Ned lit up when he saw him. “Peter!” He shouted down the hall, startling a couple of lingering students.
“What is it, Ned,” he mumbled, unable to bring a smile to his face. 
Ned didn't seem to notice the gloomy state of his friend. “Peter! Can you believe where we’re going! I can't believe it!” he yelled, unable to contain his excitement, “It's going to be so awesome, we’re going to have so much fu . . . Wait, you’re able to go, right?” 
Peter sighed, “No, Ned, I'm not. He said I had too many absences.”
“What!?” He gasped in shock, his original excitement disappearing. “Oh, uh . . . I'm not able to go either,” he said looking anywhere but Peter. He slightly moved a piece of paper in his hand behind his back. 
Peter let out a soft chuckle at his friend's obvious lie. His heart swelled realizing that Ned was fully prepared to give up his field trip to make Peter feel better. “Ned, I can see the permission slip behind your back. Even someone without enhanced senses would notice it.”
“Oh,” Ned said with a guilty expression, searching for an excuse, “I . . . Um . . .” 
“It's okay, Ned,” he said looking at his friend, “I'm not going to take this from you. It's my fault that I have missed too many days. You're looking forward to this; It won't hurt my feelings if you go without me.” 
Relief flashed across Ned’s face before it was replaced by uncertainty, “Are you sure? I can stay if you want.”
“No Ned, I want you to go. I’ll be fine by myself.”
Ned opened his mouth to respond but was cut off by an obnoxious voice. 
“Yo Penis!” he yelled from his position across the hall, heading towards them. “A little birdy told me that you aren't able to go on the field trip tomorrow!”
Peter rolled his eyes. Of course Flash knew. “What’s it to you, Flash?”
Flash hesitated for a second, obviously annoyed that his so-called insult didn't have the effect he was looking for. “It serves you right, Penis, No one would want you on that field trip anyway. I'm so glad I told my mom to make attendance a requirement for the trip, you know, since she’s on the PTA and can do that. What does your mom do again?  Oh, wait, she left you. Oops, my bad.” 
Anger flashed through Peters body. How dare he. How. Dare. He. Peter took a blind step in Flash’s direction before a hand pushing him back snapped him out of his trance. He looked toward his friend who was shaking his head in warning. Ned was right. Flash's words meant nothing. 
“Come on, Ned, let's go. We don't need to be here,” he said, turning towards the exit. By doing so, hi missed the flash of anger on Flash’s face. 
“Yeah, run away Penis, just like . . .”
“Mr. Thompson!” Peter turned around just in time to see a look of horror on Flashes face as Mrs. Smith glared at him from across the hall, pulling her fingers into a come-here motion. Flash gulped at her expression before turning to Peter and giving him his best ‘you will pay for this’ glare before rushing in Mrs. Smith’s direction. 
As soon as he started walking away, Peter and Ned continued out the exit. When they were past the door, they both burst out in laughter. 
“Did you see the look on his face!” Ned exclaimed through his giggles. 
“Yeah! It almost made up for not being able to go on the trip tomorrow!” Peter chuckled before returning to his previous gloomy state. Ned, noticing his change in demeanor, stopped laughing.
“Hey, why don't we go over to my house tonight. I just got a new lego set, and we can put it together while watching star 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Field Trip
Oscorp - Freeform
Interns & Internships
Intern
Intern Peter Parker
tony stark is peters father figure
peters class goes on a trip to stark tower
Stark Tower
field trip to stark tower
peter basically goes to a tour at stark towers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Protective Tony Stark
Parent Tony Stark
Avengers Tower
Everyone Is Alive
Nobody is Dead
Irondad
spiderson

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker

