Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter bolted into the precinct in all of his energetic, fourteen-year-old glory. The spider bite from the day’s field trip might have made him feel a bit queasy and tired, but he was still excited to see Jake. While May and Ben tried to avoid both being out of town at the same time, when it happened it meant he got to stay with Jake. Even though May thought his apartment could use a solid cleaning and she didn’t like that they spent the entire time watching movies and eating junk food, she could appreciate the fact that Jake had filled a big-brother style role in Peter’s life, even introducing Peter to a number of other individuals that were good influences on her nephew.“Hey, Charles. Is Jake in?”Charles got that kinda weird smile on his face that he always had when talking about Jake. “Nope! He’s working on the Oxford Park case with Amy! I bet you they have it solved by the end of the day!”“Yeah…” Peter chuckled a bit. “What am I doing today?”Peter moved a chair from beside Jake’s desk to sit near Gina, pulling some of her work towards his side of the desk. He didn’t even look up as someone walked to stand by Gina’s desk, looking down at the papers and moving to get started.“Not so fast, young man.” Peter glanced up. Captain Holt was standing over him, using what Jake called his ‘you’re breaking the rules, Peralta’ voice. “Where are your work papers?”“I haven’t gotten them back from the counselor yet. But I turned everything in yesterday, so I should have them in a couple days.”“No papers, no work. You know the rules, Peter.”Rosa snorted from her desk as Hitchcock passed her a twenty. “Told you he would catch him.” Rosa turned to Peter. “Get your ass over here and start your homework. If your Spanish homework isn’t perfect, I won’t hesitate.”“Hesitate to what?” Peter ignored the slight dizziness as he pulled his chair to Rosa’s desk, dropping the papers back onto Gina’s desk. Gina didn’t even look up from her phone as she patted his hand.“Adorable as always, Parker.”“Love you too, Linetti.”He threw himself into the seat, ignoring the nausea and dizziness, and pulling out his homework. He had a nice little family at the Nine-Nine.*By the time Jake got back to the precinct, he and Amy had a couple of good leads.“I’ll follow them up, Jake. You finish up your work and then go back to your apartment with Peter.” Amy pulled out her notepad. “I’ll fill you in in the morning, yeah?”“Thanks, Amy. It means a lot!”“Go get your kid brother, Peralta.”“See ya tomorrow, Amy.”“Yeah. Date night, right? You found somewhere to send Peter?”“Sarge said he’d take him. Peter gets along with Cagney and Lacey, so it means he and Sharon can spend some time together while Peter keeps the twins busy.”Jake walked into the precinct, suddenly very worried. Peter was sitting by Rosa’s desk with his head in his arms, looking pale. Rosa was concerned, staring at Peter like he was going to explode. “What’s wrong with him, Peralta?”Jake walked over, putting his hand on Peter’s forehead. “Kid, you have a fever. Are you alright?”Peter pushed his head further into his arm. “I’m fine.”“Give me two seconds.” Jake threw his stuff on his desk, moving towards Holt’s office, and knocking on the door.“Jake, no!” Peter tried to stand, pitching forward and landing on the floor. Rosa had stood up and moved towards Peter, pulling him up. “I’m fine, really!”“No, you’re not. I’m telling Holt, and then we’re going home, watching Die-Hard and you’re going to sleep.”Peter sighed. “You can’t just take off early, though.”“I can, and I will.” Jake turned to Holt. “The kid’s sick, Boss. Please?”Holt stood in his doorway looking at Peter. “Take him to a doctor if he doesn’t get better in a few days. If he isn’t better in the morning, let me know and take the day off. Until his aunt comes back, you’re responsible for him, so I expect you to take excellent care of him. Is that understood, Peralta?”“Yes, sir.” Jake glanced at Peter. “And it’s not my first time watching the kid while he’s sick! What’s with the lack of faith?”He already knew the answer to that question, and Holt didn’t bother giving it to him. Still, that stung just a bit.“Alright, don’t answer me then.” Jake walked over to Rosa, taking Peter from her. “Can you grab my keys and unlock my car for me, Diaz?”Rosa’s nose twitched as she grabbed the keys, following Jake outside and helping him lay Peter down in the backseat. As soon as the door was closed she nodded to it. “He’s gonna be alright, right?”“Yeah. I’ll text May and Ben, let them know what’s going on, but give him a day or two and he’ll be back up.”“Good.” Rosa’s expression suddenly turned lethal. “If he’s not, Amy’ll never find your body.”As she walked back toward the precinct, Jake shouted, “You’re underestimating my girlfriend, Diaz, and I don’t appreciate it!” When it was clear Rosa wasn’t listening, he mumbled. “She’d find my body. Right? Of course, she would…”*As soon as Jake had Peter in his apartment, he laid h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jake Peralta & Peter Parker
Jake Peralta/Amy Santiago
Rosa Diaz & Peter Parker
Amy Santiago & Peter Parker
Captain Holt & Peter Parker
May Parker/Ben Parker
Natasha Romanoff/Rosa Diaz

freeform: 
Found Family
Cute
Mostly Fluff
Sick Peter
sibling type relationships
Parental Relationships
Peter has so many parents in this
may - Freeform
Holt - Freeform
tony - Freeform
So many parents
Sassy Peter Parker
Backstreet Boys References
Older brother figure Jake
Classical conditioning
Classical Conditioning using Backstreet Boys
murder lesbians
implied/referenced non-con elements
Nothing shows up on screen
but it is referenced later in the fic

fandom: 
Jake Peralta & Peter Parker
Jake Peralta/Amy Santiago
Rosa Diaz & Peter Parker
Amy Santiago & Peter Parker
Captain Holt & Peter Parker
May Parker/Ben Parker
Natasha Romanoff/Rosa Diaz

