Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Bucky’s heart pounded as he entered the den. He knew he was fresh meat, people would practically smell it on him, but he had to come, the consequences of another night drowning in his own thoughts were too dire, and dammit the heat that pulsed through the place, the moans and echoes made Bucky’s blood boil. Fingers itching to do, to be used, even to fucking watch, he clenched them and took a breath. ‘First time. Better just watch’ he thought.He knew the club was separated into different sections: water play, latex, blood play, bondage with rigging, bondage sans rigging, fire play, role play…. The list went on. There were places for onlookers, those willing to watch but not quite ready to play, a place for those waiting to play but who came solo, and for the couples waiting for space to open up or looking to add more people to their act.Bucky had read the website ten times to memorize the information, where to sit and how to signal, he was hard just thinking about it, a slow silence drifting over his brain as the bass in the club thumped with the beat of his heart. He wore black jeans, a black shirt and converse. Nothing audacious not when he didn’t know what the night would bring. After checking in at the front and signing the non disclosure he made his way behind the black curtain and into the desolate noise.——Steve eyed the man as he walked in, helping a sub come down from a scene gone bad with their dom. He sat on a couch with the poor little lamb wrapped in a blanket soothing and coaxing her to drink water. He saw the man’s eyes flick over them, then away respectfully. He watched his long slender body walk down the corridor shadowed by the uplighting in the floor, and sit in the “Watch” section outside of the bondage with rigging section. Steve’s personal favorite. Although, being the manager and one of the shareholders of the club meant he knew every section.“You okay love?” He asked when he felt the tiny blond stop shaking.“Yeah, I’m sorry. I just… I didn’t know.”Steve smiled at her “Next time pick a better dom, not that any of that was your fault at all, but we have a great list on our website, reputable people who know consent. You know my number if you want to press charges, I’ll vouch for you okay?” He signaled to Natasha who came and took her back into the private rooms.Steve stood, grabbing a bottle of water, he meandered down to the new comer, innately curious about any new face, especially the ones with long hair pulled up to show off the nap of their necks.The scene was  two women, the blond sub had her legs bent and spread in a “W” position, barely touching the bed, as her Dom had her wrists bound and rigged straight up over her head. Everytime she breathed her breasts would rise and fall as her torso was stretched. The dark haired dom was slowly flogging her dripping pussy every fifteen seconds. Her lips were moving but the music was too loud to make out what was spoken between the two. Bucky was enthralled by the trust, and the shear control the dom and sub were able to share. Erotic? Yes. But the bond alone made him ache deep in his chest. He didn’t notice the man until he entered his peripheral.‘Seat taken?” Steve  asked, eyebrows raised as the man blinked up at him.“N...no it’s free.” He mumbled, gesturing to the cushion on the couch.“First time?” he asked. Bucky nodded, biting his bottom lip, torn between watching the scene and looking at the man who just sat next to him.The man laughed, a gentle rumble compared to the music, causing Bucky to finally look at him.“They are quite distracting.” The blue eyes flicked over the the women, as nipple clamps were being applied and back to the man curiously. Bucky shifted closer to Steve.“They’re beautiful.” He corrected.  “I’m Bucky. I’m not into women...well that was...they truly are beautiful I just… Not my ...type.” He ended feebly, mentally kicking himself.Steve’s smile grew wider “I’m Steve, if it helps, I’m not into women either, but I think appreciating the beauty is part of why we all come here.” He said holding out a hand. Bucky took it, noting the callouses, and trying to ignore the warmth that tingled up his arm. He’s about Bucky’s height, but that’s where the comparison stopped. The blonde hair was styled artfully, while his wide shoulders filled out the white t-shirt so well that it accented the divets of his pecs, and truly left nothing to the imagination, couple that with his jawline and cheekbones and Bucky wondered why this man wasn’t on every billboard in Times Square.“I’m guessing this isn’t your first time?” Bucky asked, letting go of the man’s large hand, smiling shyly.“No,” Steve scrunched up his nose, an oddly gentle expression for someone so large. “I kinda own the place, so I’m here quite often.” He winced at Bucky’s expression of shock noting the pink riding up the man’s neck. He touched Bucky’s arm “No no no, totally didn’t mean to bombard you with that! I just typically know everyone who co
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - BDSM
BDSM Scene
Butt Plugs
Spanking
Caning
Consensual Kink
Not Canon Compliant
Bottom Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Bucky Barnes
Dom/sub
Dirty Talk
Rope Bondage
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Steve really likes waffles
Bucky really likes Steve
Edgeplay
Praise Kink
Nipple Clamps
Mirror Sex
Orgasm Delay/Denial

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

