Work Text:

1
It is as if Bucky has a list of all the girls in the school somewhere, and that it is his goal to check every box next to every name. The timeline of this hypothetical list remains unknown, but at the rate he's going, he might need to go for seconds before the year is out.He kisses Janice McCormick during lunch on his first day of grade 12, and she always calls him "Jimmy", no matter how many times Steve tries to correct her. Bucky usually snaps when anyone but his mom calls him Jimmy, but Janice couldn't take a hint. He never bothers correcting her, though, so maybe Bucky is serious about her. Then again, Bucky kisses Natalie Brennan later the same day, and gets a slap from both of them. Bucky might not ever be serious about anything.At sixteen years old, watching his best friend work his way through every girl at the school, Steve has never had a girl look at him, let alone kiss him. More often than not, he sits with Bucky when he kisses some girl. He tries to give them privacy, but Bucky always stops to ask where he's going, so he ends up sticking around. He doesn't watch, not really, but when there's a pretty gal kissing your best friend right in front of you, it's hard to look elsewhere.Bucky occasionally pulls away from the girl of the day to ask Steve about homework, or sometimes just to grin at him so widely that Steve's face turns bright red and his palms get sweaty because he shouldn't be ignoring his girl. If he needs help in math, he lets the girl stay half on his lap while leaning across the table to look at Steve's notes. If the girl leaves, Steve would be the one to say goodbye, throwing an apologetic look at her as she storms off.Call him old-fashioned, Bucky certainly does, but Steve is looking for the right girl before he starts kissing as much as Bucky does.Bucky asks how he's supposed to snag a girl if he can't kiss properly. She would hit the road the second that she figured it out, and it wouldn't take long. Steve insists that that isn't the point. Running around kissing every girl in sight might work for Bucky, but Steve is looking for something special. Something lasting.Still, he has a point. If a girl ever looked twice at him, it is important to know where to put his hands or how to not gross her out. Bucky brings this exact argument up at least once a week. Steve goes into the weekend after Bucky kissed Janice and Natalie with a response that he regrets the second the words leave his lips."Well, if you're so worried, how 'bout you teach me how to kiss?" Steve suggests.The ever-present levity on Bucky's face falls away. His hand, resting loosely on the armrest, clenches into a fist. For an absurd moment, it's flying towards his face, and black creeps into Steve's vision. When he comes back to reality, Bucky hasn't moved, the tendons in his hand extruding so sharply that if it were possible, they would tear through the skin.Even when Bucky gets really mad, he never hits Steve. He would go all red, the same shade he is turning sitting across his living room from Steve, and sometimes he would shout a bit, but never at Steve, even if it was his fault. He always apologises after."I was—" just suggesting, Steve tries to say, to placate him."Fine," Bucky cuts him off, jaw clenching as he struggles to spit out the word."Really?"Bucky's jaw relaxes, he flexes his fingers, and he even manages something that looks like a smile. "Yeah. But be careful who you ask things like that. Some other guy wouldn't take it so well."Steve furrows his brow. "I'm not asking some other guy, though. I'm asking you."Bucky's teeth close on the inside of his cheek, but he still smiles. His eyes crinkle, his nose scrunches, and the tension in his shoulders falls away. Hollowness fills Steve's stomach, and he hadn't know that emptiness could fill someone, his hands shaking from where they rest in his lap. Maybe his lunch disagrees with him, because there is no reason to feel nervous about this. Bucky notices his shaking hands, and his smile widens."Nervous?""Shut up.""This is your idea. Now let's go to my room. You don't wanna try to explain this to my parents," Bucky grimaces as the words came out, thinking about the beat-down he would get for it.Steve just nods, and Bucky hops up, striding evenly towards his room. Steve follows, some steps too large and others too small. One foot reaches to get near Bucky faster, and the other takes steps so small that it might have been trying to go backwards.Guys who kiss other guys exist. There are clubs down by the water that never have signs up and people never talk about, but they are there. He was first told about them by Bucky, of course, because who else would tell him about things like that?Anyway, when Bucky first told him, he tried to imagine kissing another guy. He could never picture himself kissing a girl, and picturing it with a guy was just as impossible, but Steve shrugged. Don't see why it matters to anyone else. Seems like something worked out bet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
I'm really sorry but obsessed with five times fics
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

