Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Prologue In retrospect Peter knew that it wasn’t a good idea to go to war. In fact, everyone he knew begged him not to go saying that it would most definitely mean death. Peter had to find out the hard way that there are fates worse than death. He went because they needed the money; his Aunt May and he were barley scraping by as is and they were still affected by the depression years earlier.His aunt didn’t deserve to live in a rundown shitty apartment and to go hungry because Peter knew that she would skip all her meals if it meant that he could eat. Even if they could only afford to have a singular meal a day. He lived his whole life in the economic collapse, but he would do anything to make sure that his Aunt lived a better life. Especially after all that they had been through with Uncle Ben. Pearl Harbor happened and Peter was 12 and there had been nothing that he could do. Everyone was gearing up for a fight that Peter couldn’t be apart of because not only was he to young but he was often sickly. In September of 1942 after Perter had just turned 14 they announced that they would take boys that were 16 years or older provided that they had parental consent. Peter had known that this was going to be his only opportunity to enlist even if he had to fib a little on the enlist form. You see it had been common knowledge that an enlisted man could make 50 whole dollars a month for joining up. That could do wonders for May, she could afford to actually have regular meals! And with him gone then that would be one less thing for her to worry about as well. So Peter had gone down to the registers office and filled out his paperwork lying about his age and forging his Aunts signature. In truth it wasn’t all that hard, the hard part came next when he had to have a physical exam. Peter knew that he would be home free if he could just pretend to be a normal healthy 16-year-old in front of the physician.He must have been pretty convincing or they were in desperate need of boys on the front lines. Peter likes to pretend that it was both, but if he hadn’t been such a good liar then maybe things wouldn’t have ended up the way they did and he would still be at home with his Aunt.Peter remembers so clearly when he told his Aunt that he was going to war and she was less than thrilled. “You will die Peter; do you understand that?! Then I will have no one left and I will be all alone!” she had screamed at him. Peter wasn’t going to lie and say that hadn’t of stung because it hit to close to home. He then said something to her that he regrets even now.“That’s not true May you still have family out there, I have had to watch every single parent figure die and you are all I have left. I am not going to sit here and watch you wither away to noting because you are giving up everything for me. If can make things a fraction of a bit better for you then I will” he had said sourly. “Peter I…” she said to him, “I’m not going to pretend to not understand how you feel because I do sweetheart. But going to war isn’t the only answer, I am sure that there is something that you can do that is here. Besides you are too young to go to war.”“May it’s not just about the money. I can’t just sit here and do nothing when all those good men out there are dying. Not after Uncle Ben.”May had started to sob and had pulled him in close to give him a hug and Peter even shed some tears of his own. He is glad now that he had held his Aunt close taking in all the comfort that he could while he still had it.Peter had told his best friend Harry next and it didn’t go as well as he had hope it would. Harry never had understood Peters struggles; you see Harry was really well off. His dad owned the Osborn company which dealt in technologies. The company does really well second only to Stark Industries that manufactures most if not all the weapons and tech for the Allied forces.Harry and Peter had become friends because they went to school together; whatever Peter lacked in physical strengthen he more than make up for it in knowledge. He was first in his class and only slightly behind him was Harry.Basically when Peter told him that he was going to war, and had lied on the enlistment forms just so that he could get in, Harry was enraged. He told Peter that he would be killed immediately and that he wasn’t nearly old enough. He even went as far to tell Peter that if he decided to go through with it he would call the Military Police and tell them the truth about Peter. He begged and begged Harry to be on his side, he told him that his Aunt really needed the money. There was no life left for him here if his Aunt died because he couldn’t help her.“Beside Harry,” he had said, “There are men laying down their lives, I got no right to do any less than them.”      “Why can’t you work in a factory? There are so many important jobs Pete,” Harry told him exasperated. “You want me to pick up scraps in my little red wagon, come on Harry. I have got t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Dad Steve Rogers
dad bucky
WW2
Hydra
Torture
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Tony Stark
mom pepper
Nightmares
Precious Peter Parker
Jealous Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
dad tony stark

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

