Chapter 1: Who is he?
    




Chapter Text

At four thirty in the morning, Peter woke with a groan.

He rolled over in his bed, eyeing the alarm clock that shone too brightly for his liking. He let his eyes slip closed, hoping sleep would come for him once again, but his ears picked up on unfamiliar sounds in the compound, causing him to wake up and be on high alert.

Peter sat up and rubbed his eyes, focusing on the sounds wafting through the hall outside his door. They were very quiet, just low enough that he couldn't make out the words that were being said. But he definitely knew it was people talking - people that weren’t usually in the compound at this time of night. 

Or was it day?

Peter shook his head. It didn’t matter.

He threw the covers off of him and stood up quietly, padding softly over to his bedroom door. It wasn’t too hard for him to be stealthy - thanks to his spider powers - but he wanted to be as quiet as possible, as he didn’t know who was in the compound and if anyone would be able to hear him.

God, he hoped Mr. Stark was aware of this. He 

really 

didn’t feel like fighting anyone at this time. He was still tired.

~~~



“All I’m saying is that this could have waited,” Tony Stark said, dragging a hand down his face. It was too early for this. He had finally gotten to sleep at around three, only for Friday to alert him of incoming company. Company he strictly didn’t remember inviting. 

“If it could have waited,” Natasha Romanov said, “then I wouldn’t have come here so early. Or late. Whichever way you decide to look at it.” She folded her arms over her chest, looking around the room. “Trust me, I didn’t want to come here, either. Especially not at four in the morning.”

“Nearly five now,” Steve Rogers chimed in, suppressing a yawn. 

Yeah, Tony was 

not 

happy about him being part of the “incoming company” Friday had mentioned. 

Natasha shrugged. “The quicker we start this case, the quicker we can go back to bed.” 

Tony sighed. “I need coffee if we are going to start this now.” He stood up and stretched, his arms high above his head. “Anyone else want any?” 

“No, thanks,” Steve declined, while Natasha only shook her head.

“Suit yourselves. I’ll be back. Try not to snoop.” Tony shot a look at Natasha. “And be quiet.” 

Natasha raised a brow. “If there’s anyone else in this building, Stark, I highly doubt they can hear us talking. Isn’t this your private floor?” 

“It 

was, 

until you two showed up, uninvited,” Tony added. “I’m going to get coffee. I’ll be back.” He left the room without another word, leaving Natasha and Steve alone. 

“That’s strange,” Natasha mused, walking slowly around the room. 

“What is?” Steve asked, watching her movements. 

She eyed the blanket thrown haphazardly over the back of the couch. “Why would we need to be quiet on Stark’s private floor? Shouldn’t he be the only one on it?” 

Steve shrugged. “Maybe Pepper is here? Maybe she’s sleeping in the other room and he doesn’t want us to wake her.” 

Natasha shook her head. “Ms. Potts isn’t here.” 

Steve wanted to ask how she could possibly know, until he realized that she probably did. “So, what? You’re saying there’s someone else on Stark’s 

private 

floor?”

She continued looking around the room, spotting the remotes to the TV resting between two cushions on the love seat. This may be Stark’s private floor, but Natasha knew that Stark would never lounge in the living room and just watch TV. Especially not 

this 

living room. He had his own space in his lab that he chose to relax in. Or he relaxed in his bedroom. But never in here. He only used this space for meetings such as this one. Or to make false impressions.

“That’s exactly what I’m saying,” she finally answered. 

“If it’s not Pepper, who else would be staying here? On this floor, no less?” 

Natasha paused, scanning the dark doorways that left the living room. “I don’t know.” Her eye caught on something opposite of the doorway, but it was gone as quickly as she looked. Not to mention whatever it was - it hadn’t been on the floor. It was peeking over the 

top 

of the doorframe. Like it was on the 

ceiling. 


Just as she was about to storm over there to investigate, Tony came strolling back into the room, a fresh cup of coffee in his hand. 

Tony paused when he saw Natasha nearing the doorway at the far end of the room. “I thought I said not to snoop?”

Natasha turned around, a scowl on her face. “It’s not snooping. It’s investigating.”

“And what’s to investigate in a compound you’ve been in a hundred times?” Tony asked, sipping his coffee. “You can admit it, Romanov. You were snooping.” 

“I was not snooping,” she said defensively. “If you want to catch someone who 

is 

snooping, perhaps you should tell the person who’s watching us to back off.” 

Tony stared blankly at her. “What are you on about?” 

“We are being watched,” Natasha stated. “I was going to find out by who. So, no, I wasn’t snooping.” 

Tony sighed. Yeah, it wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
i'll add tags as i go
Comfort
Humor
Arguments
injuries
peter gets shot
Blood
Car Accidents
Tony gets hurt
Heartfelt Conversations
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Aliens
Avengers - Freeform
Bants
Father-Son Relationship
Field Trip
Sensory Overload
Hostage Situation
Dogs
Near Death Experiences
but it's all happy endings
I promise

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

