Chapter 1: Enter, my father
    




Chapter Text
Peter sat on the edge of a building, his legs dangling down underneath him, fidgeting with his web shooters. The sun was setting on Queens already as Peter had started his patrols late after spending hours after school with Ned, putting final touches on their english presentation they had the next day.“Hey Karen, could you make sure to record all the data on my new web formula tonight? I wanna have some good info to show Mr. Stark this weekend when we get together.” “Of course I will Peter, would you also like me to let you know that there is an ATM robbery happening down on Jane street?” the AI responded.“I- what- oh, ok!” Peter started, and stood up, his hands automatically reaching up to make sure his mask was on all the way. “You know you kinda just did anyway so..” “My apologies Peter” she chuckled “I was coincidentally alerted of the robbery at the same moment you asked me about your web shooters.” He smiled under the mask.“Wanna tell me which way to go then?”“Head north” was the curt response. Peter did a full turn trying to decide which way that was. “Go towards that McDonalds sign”.“Thank you” he laughed quietly at himself before jumping off of the building and swinging towards the action.   Spiderman crawled down the side of a building, in an alleyway across the street from the robbery. He could see inside the bank, there were three robbers in total, all dressed in black, and each with a ski mask. Just a typical robbery, except for the fact that the equipment they were using was obviously high tech. Not again. Peter groaned out loud.“What is it Peter?” Karen whispered. “Their weapons.. a-are they? Do you think they’re alien tech, or something? I mean they seem to be? But..” he trailed off. The bank was emitting random bursts of white light, as if a computer was short circuiting. One of the robbers was pressing a strange sort of rod against the ATM machine, while another was collecting the money that was shooting out of it and putting it into a large bag. The third robber was patrolling along the perimeter, glancing out the window, a really fancy looking gun in their grasp.“I am unsure. I would not advise getting too close, you do not know what they are capable of.”   “Yeah well, someone’s got to stop them.”“Be careful, I do not want to see you get hurt.”“I’ll be fine.”And he was, until he had managed to take out the robber with the gun that shot out strange yellow beams, and the one highjacking the ATM machine. He was coming up on the third, when the man picked up the previously abandoned rod shaped object that they had been using to hijack the ATM with. Peter closed in on him quickly but the man managed to jab him in the shoulder with it, sending him flying backwards in a wave of some form of electricity.  Peter landed on his back and was immediately winded, his whole body was pulsating from his shoulder, and there was a tingle in his fingers and toes that was rapidly fading. The man took this opportunity to bolt out the door with the stolen cash, accidentally dropping the rod in his haste to get to the money bag. Ditching his fallen friends in the process. Peter sat up slowly, still dazed and rubbed out his shoulder as he could feel a bruise already starting to form there. “-eter! Peter. Peter, say something!” Karen was trying to get his attention, her voice sounding almost like panic. He finally inhaled. “Ouch” he ground out.“That energy blast temporarily disabled my systems, I cannot read your vitals at the moment.”“I’m ok Karen, I promise, just got the wind knocked out of me for a second that's all”“Are you sure you will be alright? Should I inform Mr. Stark of this?” “No! No, don’t call Mr. Stark please, I-i’ll be alright, my shoulders just a bit sore now bu-but i’m fine.” He got up slowly, still rubbing out his shoulder. “Where’d that guy go?” “...”“Karen, please” he dragged his words out like a whining child. “South side of the building next door. I believe that he is climbing up the fire escape.” She quipped.“Right ok!” he was up and out the door. “South side… south side..” He looked at his surroundings. “Karen?”“Behind you. You may want to hurry, he is almost at the top.” he quickly turned and began sprinting towards the fire escape.“What does he think he's doing? Where is he gonna go, he's on a flipping roof!” he reached the fire escape and looked up. Karen was right, the man was very close to the top now. He shot a web up to a bar on the fire escape and yanked himself up a couple flights of stairs, ignoring his still aching body. “Unless you think he’s got like wings or something on him? Like Falcon? Because that would be awesome!” He reached the middle section, as the man reached the roof. But luckily, Peter was a fast climber, or in this situation, Spiderman was a fast climber. “I gotcha now buddy!” he announced jovially, as he arrived at the top of the building. He had expected the man to stop his running because Peter had him cornere
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Peter Parker
Head Injury
Precious Peter Parker
Fluff and Angst
Blood
Tears
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Memory Loss
Sensory Overload
Hurt Peter
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Texting
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Fluff
Angst
Angst and Humor

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

