Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They’d never been free before. They came close after Washington, after they were let loose there. But not quite. That was why they ran. That was why they hid. Because they liked being free, even if this freedom wasn’t quite… right… and wanted to stay that way. They were good at hiding and that meant they’d walked away from HYDRA people trying to recapture them several times without the HYDRA people ever knowing they were there. Bucharest had been safe. HYDRA didn’t like Bucharest. They didn’t know why and didn’t much care because they’d been safe.
Then he’d come. They hadn’t known what to think, still too entangled and tied up and meshed together, and had drifted along in his wake. Doing what he did, following his lead. They knew it probably wasn’t the right thing to do but they hadn’t known what else they should do. Hadn’t known how to know what else to do, their meshed thoughts too confused and contradictory.
Then they’d been captured and the words had come with the false psychologist. They fought then, fought many people and had almost gotten away before he got there again. He let them centre themselves but it was different this time. It took them a while to realise what had changed and when they did, they smiled.
They were free.
The words had always worked but the words always needed the Word to keep control. In Washington there hadn’t been a Word but that mission hadn’t finished the way it should have and maybe the lack of the Word had been why he had been able to break through and set them almost free. But this time, this second time of the words not coming with the Word… oh, this time it was different.
They were free.
They could feel inside themselves that the words would no longer bind them, no longer be their collar and leash. The Word could not command them. 
They were free.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Minor Appearances or Mentions of Other MCU Characters
Civil War Team Iron Man
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Steve Friendly
Really not
Pay attention to that tag
trolls will be summarily deleted
Because you've been warned
Slow Burn
not team Cap friendly
Bucky Barnes Gets a Hug
Winter Soldier As A Seperate Personality
But that's not a bad thing
They Get Along
Protective Rhodey
Not Wanda Friendly
Author is salty
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

