Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“Bucky?” Father Coulson knocked on the other side of the wooden screen. “Are you dressed?”Bucky tugged nervously on the end of his undyed linen shift. The shift was sleeveless with a neckline that skimmed Bucky's collarbones, leaving his throat on display. It was long enough to nearly reach his knees, so it wasn't like he was indecent, but it still left him feeling exposed, especially since he wasn’t wearing anything under it. His bare feet looked very pale against the dark wood of the floor. “Yeah.”Father Coulson pulled the screen back and gave Bucky an encouraging smile. Bucky tried to return it, nerves and anticipation and excitement all winding tight in his belly.“Do you have any questions for me?” Father Coulson asked, his tone gentle.Bucky shook his head. They’d covered every aspect of the seeking ceremony in the last several weeks, and there was nothing else Bucky wanted to know now that Father Coulson would be able to tell him.“You don’t have to choose anyone,” Father Coulson reminded him. His hands were steady as he held a long strip of linen in his outstretched hands, offering it on open palms. “You can stay with us another year, or as many years as you spend on this earth, if you feel called to.”“I know,” Bucky said, not wasting any time on further explanations. They both knew he wasn’t going to stay at the convent forever. Steve was out there somewhere, and Bucky was going to find him. Steve had chafed under the restrictions of the convent orphanage far more than Bucky ever had, enough that he’d leapt at the chance to leave as soon as he turned eighteen and was able to have his own seeking ceremony. “You’re only six months younger than me,” Steve had whispered to Bucky that last night they spent in the dorms together, both of them curled up together in Steve’s bunk. The omega Father who oversaw the dorms had turned an indulgent blind eye to Steve and Bucky sharing the same bed more often than not in Steve’s final months at the convent, since whatever two omegas got up to couldn’t be considered  technically  unchaste (and the constant presence of other boys in the dorm meant they didn’t go much beyond kissing anyway). Steve had always found that logic insulting; Bucky agreed, but also thought it was useful. “That gives me six months to save up. Just find a way to contact me when you get out, tell me where you are, and I’ll come to you.”“What about after?” Bucky had whispered. “We’ll both be bonded then. What if our alphas hate each other? What if one of us winds up living in Alaska? What if--”“We’ll figure something out,” Steve had said firmly. “Trust me.”Steve had been gone by that evening, successfully bonded and therefore on the other side of the veil of protection the convent drew around its unbonded omegas. Bucky had kept himself busy during the lonely six months that followed planning his own seeking strategy.It was illegal for alphas to try to prevent bonded omegas from finding and spending time with each other, it had been one of omegas’ protected rights to seek the company of other omegas ever since the Omega Rights Act of 1934, but that law didn’t mean their alphas had to  help. It would be a lot easier to spend time with Steve if Bucky picked an alpha with the resources and inclination to help him visit. The bonding fee would give Bucky a small dowry to draw on over the course of his life, but unless his alpha augmented it or lived close to Steve’s alpha, Bucky might be stuck with long-distance flights at his own expense to see Steve once or twice a year. Bucky was determined not to let that happen.Bucky took the strip of linen from Coulson and laid it over his eyes, tying it into a loose knot behind his head. The cloth was thin enough that it didn’t block all light, but it did prevent him from seeing anything more than dim shadows.“Are you ready to seek, omega?” Father Coulson asked formally.“I am,” Bucky answered, gripping the sides of his shift tightly.“Follow my footsteps.”Father Coulson led him into the hall. Bucky knew the path they were following, he’d been at the convent for years and all its rooms were familiar, but it was still disorienting to walk it blindfolded. He was grateful for Father Coulson’s slow, steady steps, never more than a few feet in front of him.Father Coulson walked through a doorway, the stone floor giving way to polished wood that was warmer and softer against Bucky’s feet. Father Coulson continued forward, but Bucky stopped short at the edge of the room.He’d smelled alphas before. Once or twice in person, more often just by picking up a trail left by an alpha who had passed through on their way to the visiting rooms. None of his past encounters compared to the force of the bottled alpha scent in the room where multiple alphas had been waiting. Bucky couldn’t even tell how many there were. He knew from Father Coulson’s lessons that the convent had seen as few
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Bucky Barnes
Omega Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Blindfolds
Claiming Bites
Public Claiming
Public Sex
Scenting
Knotting
Loss of Virginity
Praise Kink
how did this turn into a one fic kink bingo card
Tony Stark is Extra in every universe
Rumlow is only here to get tazed
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Omega Bruce Banner
Omega Clint Barton

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Clint Barton

