Work Text:
One chilly October evening, him and Wong return from an exhausting two-day trip in Scotland, collapsing into the sofa. Good news is that the magically enhanced artifact that haunted a castle there is no longer going to be a problem. Bad news is that both of them are not only physically exhausted but also magically. Turns out sealing centuries old magic is quite taxing.The last time he felt so tired was…years ago at the ER. During and after that alien attack.“I don’t know about you, but I’m taking a week off,” he mumbles, resting his head against the back of the sofa and closes his eyes.“Good luck with that. Want to bet how soon a crisis comes up?”“Shut up and enjoy the rest, you pessimist,” Stephen groans and uses the last ounces of magic he has to portal himself to bed and falls asleep immediately, the Cloak wrapping around him like a blanket.  He’s abruptly woken up by a not so gentle slap and flails, glaring at the Cloak hovering over him.“What?!”He throws something small and loud at his chest, pointing at it accusingly. The phone. Didn’t he turn that damn thing off before going to bed?!Stephen grabs the annoyingly ringing thing and answers it, still half asleep. “H’llo?”“Stephen? Shit…I woke you up, didn’t I?!”“It’s 1 AM, Tony. What do you think?” he hears Happy say.“Right. Sorry, I’m…at the end of my wits. I need a doctor in here,” Tony explains, desperation loud and clear in his voice.He’s awake within a second, sitting up on the bed.“We don’t, Mr. Stark! I told you I’m fine!” Peter whines from somewhere near Tony.“What happened?” he rubs his eyes, letting the Cloak settle on his shoulders again.“It’s…can you just portal to the infirmary? Please?” the engineer adds and that word alone makes Stephen gather all his rested energy to get up and open a portal to the familiar setting of the Compound’s infirmary.Happy’s there in his usual black suit, standing by the bed next to Tony, who’s wearing pajama pants and the ‘The truth is, I am Stank’ tee that Rhodey had made for him as a joke.And then there’s Peter, sitting on the bed cross-legged with the biggest pout Stephen’s ever seen him with. He has his old Spiderman suit on, torn and bloodied, face ridden with cuts and bruises.Who dared to do that to the kid’s face?!He clenches his fingers into fists, letting the portal close and walking to the other side of the bed. “Who did that to you?!” he glares at the colorful marks on the boy’s cheeks.Peter facepalms, swatting his investigative hand away. “A bad guy…look it’s nothing, Doctor Strange! Just a few scratches and they’re already healing! I told Mr. Stark I’m okay, I don’t need a - ”“I’ll be the judge of that, young man!” he interrupts him, hands gently grabbing onto his pouty face. He inspects the damage and true to Peter’s words it’s nothing serious. A couple band-aids and an icepack should do the trick…unless he’s concussed. “FRIDAY? A full-body scan, please?”Peter groans but lets Stephen continue his examination.“Where’s the bad guy?” he glances up at the two worried man opposite of him.“In jail,” Happy says, a small grin twisting his lips. “You should see his face.”Tony rolls his eyes, smacking the driver’s bicep with a glare. “Not funny. That guy could have killed him! You could have died!” he yells at Peter.“But he was stealing your tech, Mister Stark!”“FUCK my tech!”“That’s a hundred bucks to the swearing jar right there,” Happy holds up a finger only for it to get smacked away by the fuming engineer.“And fuck the swearing jar! Can the two of you take this seriously for one damn second?!”Happy crosses his arms over his chest and raises an eyebrow at him. “Remember the last time your tech fell into the wrong hands? The kid saved the day and your tech - ”“I’m not saying he didn’t!”“ – so stop pestering him about it - ”“I’m not!”“ – and let the doc work his magic in peace.”Tony deflates, eyes darting to the floor with almost the same exact pout Peter was wearing moments ago.Like father like son, Stephen muses, studying the real-time scan FRIDAY provided for him. It reveals a lot more than is visible on the surface but at the same time it’s just as Peter said – already healing. The kid’s physiology is off the fucking charts! Teenager? More like a Terminator.He waves the hologram away and sighs. “He’ll be fine by morning. Get him some food and let him sleep.”“But…I have to go home! Aunt May is going to - ”“I’ll call May,” Tony shakes his head, already fishing for his phone. “Tell her that…I need you for some emergency project or something. Besides, it’s Homecoming night, right? She won’t freak out too much. The same can’t be said about me though!”“But - ”“No more buts, Peter!” Tony cuts him off, walking toward the door.“She thinks I don’t have the internship anymore because…well…I…”Tony comes to a halt, shoulders falling. “I’ll deal with May,” he half-turns around, face gone soft. “You, bring him some burgers, like…thirty of them at least and make sure he eats them,” he squints at Happy and gl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
set during Spider-man Homecoming
Hurt Peter Parker
Stephen in doctor mode
Again
magically exhauseted Stephen
Worried Tony Stark
Supremefamily
Fluff
sprinkle of angst
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
Stephen becomes an Avenger
Homecoming events - mentioned
Caring Stephen
caring Tony
BAMF Pepper Potts
Hurt/Comfort
slowest burn of all the burns

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

