Chapter 1: Steve
    




Chapter Text
Dreams, memories, and fantasies fold themselves together as Steve drifts in and out of consciousness. Each time he opens his eyes, he is able to recognize his surroundings within five seconds. He is able to identify Sam at his left (the friendly devotion between the two men an obvious replacement for someone they have both lost, but Steve isn’t complaining about having a buffer between himself and the doctors), the aching pain in his gut a result of Soviet slugs sans rifling, and the queasy feeling in his stomach as guilt. It takes him a few more seconds to identify the source of the guilt, and when it slams home, he feels like he’s still falling out of the sky.Bucky.Bucky is alive, brainwashed, and currently whereabouts unknown without Hydra to contain him. Steve doesn’t want to think about what ‘containing’ Bucky looks like, but he knows that it’s kept him alive for 70 plus years, and that Bucky is, likely for the first time, a weapon without orders or direction. Part of Steve is hoping that Bucky is holed up somewhere in a cheap motel room (still nicer than the apartments they shared over the years) but most of him is waiting to hear that Bucky has stumbled across an innocent bystander and put a bullet to match those the surgeons pulled out of Steve into the person’s head or heart.Steve hates thinking of Bucky like this, like a homicidal wind-up doll, but he has no evidence that Bucky has any survival skills beyond ensuring the lack of survival of those who get in his way. The bridge had been enough to show him that, and the hellicarier incident only shoved it farther home.Steve sits up and screws his face up to release some of the pain, but as he is swinging his legs over the right side of the bed, he hears Sam stir behind him.“Fuck. No. Cap, go back to sleep. We literally had this conversation 45 minutes ago.” Steve puts weight on his feet experimentally, and it’s fine, he only feels like his torso is being stabbed in every direction. Not a stumbling block when one has as much motivation as Steve does. Only Sam is the farthest thing from impressed with his ability to conquer pain. “I will call the nurse. The scary one. The one who looks like she could be Natasha’s long-lost sister.”“Bucky needs me, Sam.” Standing now, Steve starts to scoot around the bed, only to find that Sam has anticipated his escape and has moved a chair into the way. Steve goes to move the chair, only to find Sam standing in front of him.“’Bucky’ seems like a pretty self-sufficient guy,” Sam says, and Steve can hear the air quotes around ‘Bucky.’ “I promise that, if there’s anything you can do for him, you can’t do it like this. You agreed with me not an hour ago,” and Sam is leaning over the chair and gently shoving Steve back towards the bed. Steve tries to protest as he slowly succumbs to Sam’s push; in the time since he and Sam had last discussed Steve’s ability (or lack of it) to leave the hospital, find Bucky, and take it from there, he had dreamed up a scenario in which Bucky wandered into a store and laid waste to its patrons, a scenario in which Bucky had no idea how to take care of himself and panicked when the hunger ache in his stomach got worse, and a scenario in which a pocket of Hydra found Bucky and contained him all over again.Steve slides back into bed as he tries to explain to Sam all of the reasons why he realized he needed to go after Bucky immediately, but his healing factor is already kicking back in and pulling him under so he could go back to knitting flesh and bone back together.“Damn, Steve, take it easy. You only got shot…13 hours ago. You need to rest for a couple days at least. Couple days, Jesus, I cannot believe that guys like you are real. You know how long it would take me to recover from ONE gunshot…” Steve lets sleep pull him under as he listens to Sam’s bellyaching, already so familiar, because it is familiar. The guy on the other end of the mouth is different, that’s all, which calls to mind Bucky’s mouth and Bucky’s face and Bucky’s everything. He drifts between good memories, better memories of things that never happened, and nightmares for another hour or so before he wakes up and realizes that he has to get to Bucky immediately.Sam must have the patience of a saint. Three days later, Steve is being released with the instructions that he needs to continue doing restful things for at least a week before jumping into the post-SHIELD fray. Steve smiles and agrees as Sam squints at him, likely knowing that Steve has no plans to sit on a couch or sleep eight hours a night. He’s done his sleeping, there are no longer any physical holes in his body, and his pain level is manageable enough that he could lap Sam without wanting to cry. For Steve’s purposes, he is healed, but he is cognizant enough of the damage done to his body that he awkwardly thanks Sam for corralling him during those first few days in the ICU.“No sweat,” Sam says, waving a hand but still wit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

