Work Text:
When Cindy submitted her application for Stark Industries, it was on a whim. There’s only one opening for high school students per year, and every high schooler in New York wants it. Cindy’s GPA is good, great even, but in comparison to some of the other people who are applying, she knows her resume was lacking. Only one exception has ever been made to the  one accepted applicant  rule, and he sits behind her in Spanish class. She had almost no chance of getting in.And yet here she is, being escorted to the registration desk and given her own company-issue Starkwatch.“Alright Miss Moon, you’re all set! If you follow me we can get you introduced to everyone in R&D,” Sharon says, smiling warmly.She’s one of the interns that presented to their team on The Field Trip a few weeks ago    the one that flipped everyone’s view of Peter Parker on its head.Cindy  knows Peter, okay? They may not be close, but they’ve been classmates for years. He’s a great, cheerful guy, if a little nerdy and flaky. In freshman year, he’d started going through this phase of trying to maintain his status as a Professional Wallflower while also trying to seem cooler than he was, and it kept happening through most of sophomore year. Cindy had taken it in stride because it didn’t do any harm, even if the idea that he was interning for Tony Stark was ridiculous.Then The Trip happened, and everyone was made painfully, embarrassingly aware that he’d been telling the truth the whole time. And not only is he working for  the  Tony Stark, but he’s somehow managed to bag  the  Johnny Storm. Michelle    Cindy can’t make herself call her MJ, that seems reserved for people she actually talks to, like Peter and Ned    had laughed at them on the bus ride back, when Peter had been allowed to stay behind.“Of course he wasn’t lying. He’s Peter,” she’d said, as if that explained everything.Which, Cindy supposes as she trails behind Sharon, it sort of does.“Alright nerds!” Sharon calls as they enter what looks like the main lab. Everything is bright silver and the walls are padded with noise-reducing panels, and there’s a ladder leading to what looks like a hammock in the back corner. “Pretend you’re actually working, we gotta make a good impression on the newbie.”“Too late,” one guy mutters, bent over a tablet. “She’s already met you.”Sharon leans in to stage whisper to Cindy. “That’s Trent. He’s brilliant, but cranky as hell most of the time.”“I’m glad it’s not just because I’m here,” Cindy whispers back conspirationally, and Sharon laughs even as Trent rolls his eyes and smiles.“Nah, that’s just who he is. Anyway, you’re my trainee for the first few months,” Sharon says. She moves across the room, clearly expecting Cindy to follow. “You’ll be working with me on my pet project until you pitch your own or find one you like from what the higher-ups send us.”Cindy blinks, a little surprised. “Not that I’m complaining, but what about the usual intern gig? Coffee, making copies, all that?”“Oh, you’ll be doing coffee runs, don’t worry.  Everyone  does coffee runs, interns or not. But what’s the point in treating you like a secretary when you’re one of the smartest teenagers in New York?”That’s a fair point, Cindy thinks, so she doesn't being it up again.Adjusting to working here is easier than she thought it might be. It's not that everyone is super nice, because that's just unrealistic, but there's a comfortable mood in the lab most of the time. Interns seem to be left mostly to their own devices until one of the overseeing employees need something done, and there’s a lot of time for them to work at their own pace, more or less.Sharon is great to work with. She’s witty and fun, but knows how to buckle down and get work done. She’s a great teacher too, walking Cindy through her face-obscuring technology.If they know how to trick facial recognition software, she reasons, they can update the software to account for those issues by reverse engineering the trick. It’s fascinating work and Cindy finds herself staying late without even noticing more than a few times. She knows she’s not the only one who’s used the hammock once or twice, but none of them make a habit of it; it’s a bit too high off the ground to be safe.Everything goes by so fast that before she knows it, Cindy’s been working at SI for two months. School’s out, so she’s spending most of her time in the lab. Whenever she’s not helping Sharon, she’s been brainstorming a new idea for a polymer that could improve medical thread. Knowing SI, it’ll probably end up having a thousand different uses eventually, but for now it’s just the one. Otherwise, knowing her, she’ll get too caught up in ideas and never get anything done completely.When she mentions it to Sharon, the older woman just snickers quietly. “What are the odds?”“Huh?” That's not the response she was expecting. Maybe she should think about revamping that water treatment idea.“No no no, don't get me wrong!” Sharon rushes when she realize
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Cindy Moon & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
POV Outsider
Sassy Peter Parker
Sleep Deprivation
bc peter overworks himself
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Attempted Kidnapping
peter has one (1) overprotective boyfriend
tony is a busy man who isn't always RIGHT THERE but he looks out for his kid
Dubious Science
cindy is in a constant state of wtf when it comes to peter
wake peter parker from a nap at your own risk
oh yes i almost forgot
Trans Peter Parker
bc he's always trans here

fandom: 
Cindy Moon & Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Johnny Storm
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

