Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
The four year plan Michelle meticulously made as a freshman had been compromised within the first month of her junior year.It all started on a quiet night in the middle of summer.
 “Are you still watching ‘Friends’?” The blatantly judgemental text of Netflix stares back at them as they finish the fifth season of the hit 90s sitcom. 

 “So… “ Peter starts. “What do you wanna do now?” 
 Michelle doesn’t hear his question, because she can’t help but notice that their legs  —  their whole ass legs, thighs and all  —  are touching and for some reason, that’s making it very hard for her to concentrate. Granted, they’re both wearing jeans, so there’s no skin-to-skin contact. 
But still.

She can feel how warm he is through the denim and all she wants to do is lean into him further. The only thing she can muster is a non committal hum in response. She distracts herself by checking her phone, hoping that it’s not too late at night.

12:51 AM. 
Michelle wasn’t quite sure what had come over her that night.She’d say it was because they were bored, that there was nothing to do, but that was far from the truth.It could have been the sleep deprivation caused by staying up an extra hour or two for that Friends marathon they had been meaning to do. It could have been the fact that they were actually alone for once—their usual third party still on vacation with his family in Denver—and it was those darn raging teenage hormones that made her do it (she thought this one was most likely the main culprit).Or it could have been that stupid mop of stupid brown curls on top of the stupid cute face with the stupid brown eyes of one of her best friends.She honestly couldn’t tell you exactly how they ended up on the same side of the couch. They just… migrated to the center. Little by little. Like two magnets. It was weird. But, she wasn’t completely at fault here. All of that shit, along with the fact that she was harbouring a big fat crush on Peter Parker—said cute best friend—and all these feelings that she would never admit to anyone else ever, was a seriously dangerous combination. He had spent the entire evening throwing her dopey smiles and genuine laughs at her random, and arguably unnecessary, commentary. Honestly, he didn’t have to do that. At all. Michelle knew she was funny—no, hilarious —but even she thought he was kind of playing it up a little bit.Again, any number of factors could have contributed to the decision(s) she made that night in July.
She worries for a moment that she’ll have to go home, that he’ll (kindly) kick her out because he’s tired and wants to go to bed. This wouldn’t have been an issue if they weren’t alone. Of course, they’ve had sleepovers before, but it’s never just been the two of them. Ned has always been there for those.

Also, and this is probably much more important, May isn’t here for some reason. Michelle is sure Peter explained that part at some point in the night, but she honestly can’t remember, because all she can think about is how close they are on this couch that is more than big enough for the two of them. Jesus, there was literally no reason for them to be sitting literally right next to each other. The fact that their unnecessarily close proximity is affecting her so damn much is beyond frustrating. She and Peter have had to sit next to each other before, it was nothing new. Heck, she’s even hugged the guy (it was one time and it was glorious). But this feels different.

She blames hormones.

“Hello? Earth to Michelle?” Peter laughs, waving his hand in front of her face.

She realizes she’s been staring at her black phone screen this whole time. “What?” She bites back defensively, swatting his hand away, her brows furrowed as she feels heat rush to her cheeks.

He looks a little taken aback by her response, his eyes widening slightly, his face taking on the likeness of a mildly surprised puppy.

For the umpteenth time that night, Michelle tells herself that it’s not cute.

“It’s just… we finished that season, and I was just, uh, asking what else you wanted to watch?”

She shrugs, mostly because she genuinely doesn't know what she wants to watch, and maybe a tiny bit because all she can think about right now is how she wants to smash their faces together. “I dunno.”

Peter nods, pressing his lips together in a thin line, and continues to flip through Netflix, throwing out suggestion after suggestion. “We could start the next season, if you want. Oh! Or we could watch that documentary about the women in the mercury space program. You mentioned wanting to see that,” Peter continues his rambling, eyes lighting up as he goes on, listing off a plethora of shows and movies. If she didn’t know any better, she would have thought he was trying to find something for them to do just so she would stay. “But–but if you’re too tired then that’s fine.”

She does know better though.

Well, she thinks.

To be honest, Michelle had stopped listening to his j
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Teen Pregnancy
Angst
Fluff
Slow Burn
Non-Explicit Sex
Alternate Universe
Mutual Pining
Idiots in Love
Friends to Lovers
Discussion of Abortion
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
in other words
The Juno AU nobody asked for
Mild Language
Adoption
Jealousy

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker

