Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“You are pushing your luck right now.  You do realize that, don't you?”“What, by calling you while people are shooting at me?  That's, that's really not a thing, Rhodes, that's Tuesday in my world.”  Tony banked hard to the left, pushing the armor to its absolute limit as he took the corner, repulsors screaming in his wake.  Bullets exploded glass windows just a meter or two behind his feet, and he gritted his teeth for a second. Adjusting his trajectory, he dove under a bridge.  He cut it so close that he was pretty sure he'd ruined the armor's paintjob, but it was worth it.  Two of the robots went down in explosions that sent shockwaves through the air, knocking him off-kilter.Tony had to struggle to keep himself on course, and he bounced off a bridge piling before he pulled himself out of it.  He was still choking on a curse when his comm unit beeped.  Tony rolled, nailing two of his pursuers with a single repulsor blast.  “Gimmie a second here, Rhodey, I got another call.”“Really?  You've got another-”Tony switched the feed, without so much as a flinch of guilt.  “I'm on it, Cap, I've got it.”“Where ARE you?” Steve snapped.  “We are supposed to be-”“I've got this,” Tony repeated, picking off two more before he flipped into a flat dive.“Hawkeye says you just hit a bridge.”“Barely a glancing blow, and Hawkeye is a snitch,” Tony said, trying for breezy, and probably failing.  “One more on my tail, then I'll be-”  He saw the opportunity and he took it, whipping his body around to nail the mechanical monster with a perfect shot.  “As I was saying, I'll be right there,” he said, watching with a sense of deep seated satisfaction as the thing hit the the street and explode into a ball of flame.“Get yourself back on target, we need you back here,” Steve said, and it was the Captain America voice.  Tony grinned, pleased with himself.“On my way.” Tony's eyes flicked over the HUD.  “Give me five.”“You've got four, we're doing a full press on the portal.”“Aye-aye, Cap.”  Tony flicked back to his other line.  “Sorry, Rhodey.  Had to take that.  Cap's gonna have a GPS installed in this thing at this rate.”“When did you add hold music?” Rhodey asked.  “Last night.”  Tony cycled through the HUD menus, studying a map of the area as he headed back towards the worst of the fighting.  There was a small pack heading towards Central Park, and he moved to intercept before SHEILD had to deal with them.  “I was bored.”“And is your hold music the theme song from the Avengers cartoon tie-in?”“I thought that was a nice touch.”“You would.”“I'm good like that.  Besides, for a bad reality show slash cartoon, the show's pretty good.  Have you seen it?  Iron Man is pretty much the best, I resent the fact that Clint gets all the best jokes, but he's stuck in that purple monstrosity of a costume, so it all evens out.”“Why did you green light that?”“The money from toy tie-ins has been phenomenal, I can pay for the grocery bill for the other guy for another couple of YEARS just based on those stupid green foam fists.”  They were more fun than they should be, really.  Tony grinned to himself.  Some day he'd get Bruce in a pair.  “Now, what were we saying?”“We were saying,” Rhodey said, long suffering as always, “that this whole thing is going to blow up in your face one of these days.”“What thing?  You have to narrow it down, precious, I'm-” A bullet clipped the side of his helmet and Tony launched a missile back behind him without even looking.  Judging by the explosion, he didn't really need to look.  “I'm a little busy here.”“The whole secret identity thing,” Rhodey said.  “This thing that you're playing at, Tony, for reasons that I cannot understand.  I gotta admit, I do not get this.”  He snorted.  “I help you do it, and I still don't understand it.”“You don't understand why I have a secret identity?” Tony asked.  “You do realize that I live in a giant building, in the middle of one of the biggest cities on Earth, that has my name on it?  I literally-”  The proximity alarm blared, hard and loud, in his HUD, and he rolled to the side.  The instinctive move was enough to throw off the robot, which smashed into a lightpole instead of Tony.  “I literally have postcards.  They sell 'em in the souvenir stand across the road, there is no doubt as to where I live, and it seems to me that knocking over criminal enterprises and then going home to a building with my name on it seems like a really bad idea.”He slipped between two buildings, his back arched, his body an arrow of force, and the speed made him dizzy for a second.  “Even for me.  Bad idea.”“So instead, you pretend to be a bodyguard, living in the building with your name on it?”“It makes sense when you're not the one explaining it,” Tony said.  “You have a way of making ANYTHING seem like a bad idea.  It's like a super power.  Except it's not, it's just you.  Sucking the fun out of everything, absolutely, I don't know-”“No one could explain that in a way that 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Identity Porn
Likely will contain very little porn
Mistaken Identity
The Avengers are gossipy old biddies
Everyone knows it
Humor
Bets & Wagers
Jealous Steve
but in the best possible way

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

