Work Text:
Peter wouldn’t say that he’s been avoiding the compound. No, he’s just been really busy. Yeah, busy. In the middle on the summer when he doesn’t have any school work and could really just lay around and do nothing. You know, a situation that would make a person busy. It’s not that he was embarrassed that he practically yelled at and scolded some of the strongest people in the world for making fun of his mentor/father figure like they were children with their hands caught in a cookie jar. Not that he regrets it! God, no. They were being assholes and needed to know that.	They probably didn’t even notice that he was avoiding them. To them he was still just an intern. They didn’t know why he was even in that meeting room with them in the first place. Spiderman is still (hopefully) totally off their radar and Peter would really like to keep in that way, he didn’t want to die at the hands of Captain freaking America.	Most of his weekends were still spent at the compound, working with Tony in his lab and generally just having fun. But he always made sure to stay in the lab or where he knew the others were not. Why would he be anywhere they would be, anyways?	But, of course, he slipped up.	Today's patrol was really busy, much busier than usual. He had been almost kidnapped twice! Two times! Thank god for his spider senses, or else he would be in the back of some van right now. Not only had he nearly been kidnapped, but there were three fires, seven attempted car thefts, and he helped, like, ten old woman cross the street. After that third fire, he called Happy and asked him to pick him up.	“Busy day, kid?” Happy asked as Peter stumbled into the car.Peter groaned, “Like you wouldn’t believe.” The conversation ended there, unlike the usual. Most other days, Peter would talk Happy’s ear off, talking about anything and everything. As they drove out of the city, Peter slowly pulled on a large shirt and a pair of sweatpants, not bothering to even take off his suit or mask.	“Hey! Kid! We’re here!” Happy yelled from the front seat.Peter startled, having been on the verge of sleep. “Oh! Thanks Happy, you’re the best!” Happy’s lips quirked up minutely. He liked to pretend that he didn’t like Peter, but Peter knew otherwise. Happy was really just a big softy, like a big teddy bear.	Peter practically sprinted into the compound and to the elevator. He finally took a moment to pause in the elevator, and noticed the shooting pain coming from his stomach. Damn his fast metabolism, he’d have to grab something from the fridge. “FRIDAY, could you take me to the common room please?”The elevator started moving as FRIDAY responded, “Sure thing, Peter.”	Peter had asked FRIDAY not to call him Mr. Parker the second he met the AI. When Tony asked why, Peter said it was because he didn’t want to make it seem like he was any better than the AI.“I know FRIDAY isn’t a real person, but it just feels weird for her to call me that when I should really be calling her Ms. FRIDAY or something.”Tony didn’t let it show on his face, but his heart melted when he heard that. Later, FRIDAY would tell Tony that she liked Peter, and Tony couldn’t help but agree.	The elevator door opened and Peter ran to the kitchen. Subconsciously, he recognized that something was playing on the TV, but marked it off as Tony watching one of his old thriller movies or something, without actually checking to confirm. Peter slid into the kitchen and yanked open the fridge. For some reason, the only thing on Peters mind was peanut butter, so his eyes quickly slid from shelf to shelf looking for a jar to no avail.	Peter groaned and yanked off his mask to yell, “Dad! We don’t have any peanut butter! I asked-!” Peter cut himself off. “Shit.” On the multiple couches and loveseats in the common room sat the Avengers. All of them were staring at him, most were slack-jawed while others could hide their emotions better, though their shock was evident as well.	“Language. And since when did we put peanut butter in the fridge? We also have cookie butter, if you want that.” Tony said, from the loveseat that he and Peter used when they watched movies together.	Peter grabbed both jars and two spoons and quickly made his way over to Tony, who was just smiling at him fondly. Peter handed him a spoon and sat down right next to him, hiding his red face in Tony’s soft shirt. Tony just chuckled and started running his fingers through Peter's hair.“Hey, kid. Busy day?” Tony asked softly.Peter groaned, “You have no idea. You'd think people would know better than to try and kidnap me at this point!” Tony snorted as he spooned out some peanut butter for Peter and handed it to him. “Thanks, dad. Oh! You probably already know this, but my study was published!”Tony nodded enthusiastically, “I saw! And I didn't even have to bribe anyone!” Peter punched his arm, “I’m kidding, I’m kidding! Anyways, do you want to introduce yourself?” Tony pointed at the people behind Peter. The people that Peter so
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
The Lord of the Rings References
Human Disaster Peter Parker
Irondad
spiderson
peter has strong opinions on lotr
Fluff
Embarrassment
tony says language
Secret Identity
Secret Identity Fail
Peter Parker Meets the Avengers

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

