Work Text:
I have been Loki's sex slave for a year now since he captured me from Midgard and transported me to Asgard. I had expected him to beat and rape me, but he  never forced me or brutalized me. In fact, he pampers me. He bestows me flowers, jewels, exquisite dresses; anything and everything I desire. I even have my own servants who brush my hair, pamper me with pedicures and massages, and are at my beck and call. I am truly spoiled.My only duty is to spread my legs anytime and every time he desires me which is quite often, and this is far from a duty. He makes it a blissful pleasure. He is not selfish. He always makes sure that I climax. Sometimes he fucks me gently, other times hard, but every now and then he ravishes me in the most immoral, sinful way. In these times, his lust is wicked, and at times terrifying...but my body craves it.I am laying on my bed of silk sheets as I write this, waiting for him. I am wearing transparent lingerie. My nipples peek out and my crotch is crotchless. I am surrounded with roses, roses that Loki picked for me.As he opens the door, I can smell the alcohol reeking off of him. I do not even have to glance down. His dick is hard and throbbing for me. I smile. I know exactly how he will want it tonight.
I take a sip of my champagne before he snatches it from my hand and downs it. He smashes it into the wall the way they do in the movies. I giggle like a naughty vixen, arching my tits to enrage him further. He doesn't smile. His face is filled with angry lust. He grabs me by my hair yanking me up to accept a deep passionate kiss. Tonight I will play the whore that I am.He throws me back down on the the bed and orders me to spread my legs. I open without hesitation. He sheds his clothes and sits down at the foot of the bed, his legs are apart, dick hard and vividly throbbing. "Touch yourself." He commands in a low sensual tone.I run my fingertips up my belly and encircle my perky tits. Our eyes lock as I travel to my pussy. He smiles as soon as I insert my finger."Give me a sample."I obey. He moans like he has just tasted a piece of candy."Now finger yourself. I want you wet for me."I lean back, legs parted, arching. I tantalize my clit slow and sensual. I watch his cock swell larger. His eyes are glued to my pulsating cunt. He licks his lips, wetting them.
I rub myself vigorously now. I can feel myself glow warm, my seam now wet and glistening. I purr, clenching my ass. I can feel a bit of juice slim on to my thighs."There is nothing I love more than wet pussy."I can hear him sniffing the air for my scent. I am clean now. He likes it, but he likes it best after he has fucked me dirty.Just before I climax, he comes at me like a hungry predator. He shoves me to the bed and jacks my legs apart. He snarls as he devours me, sucking, biting, mauling into my cunt. I whine like a bitch in heat, lustfully sobbing.
He stops and parts my folds wide and with the flat part of his tongue, he licks me firm and leisurely until I began to thrash my head. Finally he does what I love best. He leeches on to my clit and sucks hard, really working his jaw muscles. He knows I love watching his cheekbones as he does it.No longer able to endure him, I throw my head back and dig my fingers into his hair and forcefully smear his face into my cunt. I face-fuck him without restraint until I freeze with delirious ecstasy and squirt into his mouth.I lay on my back, his tongue buried inside me. My eyes are closed. I can hear him slurping my nectar like a rabid wolf. He licks me clean.He lifts his head and peers at me. I know that look. I am in trouble now. He calls me his "little fucking whore". And I nod because he is right. I am his whore and I love it.He stands. "Kneel!"
I drop to the floor upon my knees as he slaps me across my mouth with his thriving cock. I whimper as if I am begging. He won't make me wait long. He has an insatiable appetite."You were made to be ruled!"He smiles icy as he presses his cock to my lips. He rubs himself back and forth saturating my lips with pre-cum. He retreats his shaft and watches me as I run my tongue around the edges of my lips. I have plump full lips. He loves them. He said I was made to suck dick.I seize his rock hard cock and run my tongue up and down his length taking in every ridge, every swollen vein. When I come to his top, I swirl my tongue around his head focusing on the slit. He grunts and I know he wants me to take the bait. But before I do I reach down to my now dripping cunt and ladle up some of my juice to show him how wet he makes me. I smear it into the head of cock and then I latch on, bobbing up and down, inhaling his masculine scent as I suck.I moan a deep-throaty growls as pre-cum oozes down my throat. I love the taste of him."You cock hungry mortal."A thrill shoots through my cunt. I love it when he degrades me.He bucks his hips and I know that he wants me to take him to the hilt. Because of his god-like size, I have trouble with this. He kn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Smut
Sex
Sex Slave
Fucking
Oral Sex
Porn
Explicit Language
Explicit Sexual Content
Rough Sex
Orgasm
no love just sex
courtesan - Freeform
Loki Does What He Wants
Loki Fucks Hard
Loki Porn
vulgar
Dirty Talk
Pillow Talk
nothing but sex
Loki Fuck Fiction
Filthy
Anal Sex
Anal Play
Dominance
ass licking
cum swapping
Throat Fucking
Masturbation
Threats
masochistic sex

fandom: 
Loki/Original Female Character(s)

