Work Text:
"Please," Loki says when Thor is driving into him, hard.He pushes Thor's hand away from his cock, leaving himself hard and leaking against his own belly.Thor doesn't question it – he's too far gone seeking his own need. He grasps Loki's hips tightly instead, pushing him up as he draws his hips back, and then pulling Loki hard against him when he thrusts forward.  His pace increases until it's almost obscene, drilling himself into Loki with short, rapid jerks.His orgasm comes, and Thor drags Loki close, his fingers digging almost brutally into his lover's pale hips with the effort to keep himself as deep as possible.  "A-ah, Loki!" Thor growls, and Loki groans, trying to tilt his hips to get impossibly closer. Loki can feel Thor's heavy cock twitching inside, can feel Thor's come filling him. It makes his own cock leak in response – he wants it, loves it when Thor feels the impulse to plant himself so deeply as if trying to make his seed take root.Loki almost forgets himself, but when Thor moves in the slightest, he immediately locks his legs around Thor's waist.  "Don't pull out," he says quickly.  Thor isn't even surprised, he just settles heavily against Loki instead, keeping his softening cock inside Loki's body.Thor leans forward, kissing Loki's neck, licking at the sweat on his skin.  Loki sighs happily and squirms just a little. Just enough to enjoy the feeling of Thor in him without threatening to dislodge him."Do you want me to stroke you now?" Thor asks, running a finger over the underside of Loki's prick, following a vein. Loki makes a soft, breathy noise. Thor makes sure to swipe his finger through the precum on Loki's tip and then brings his finger to his mouth, tasting.  He rocks his hips against Loki when the answer doesn't come right away.  "Or do you want to wait and feel me get hard again inside of you?"Loki groans at Thor's choice of words. His brother has a wonderfully filthy mouth in bed. It's almost cruel."I want..." he begins, hesitating, and then forces himself to go on. Thor has enjoyed himself so far, has been reacting well to Loki's little perversion. Let him see how much deeper it runs then.  "Do you have to piss?"Thor smiles at Loki. At his perceived embarrassment, perhaps.  "Should I wet your cock, then?" he asks in a low, sultry tone."Inside," Loki says, his breath hitching, from need and from a small fear that Thor will act before he manages to tell him exactly how he wants this.  "I want you to stay inside of me, and piss.  Fill me with it."Thor looks stunned for a second, and Loki can actually see his pupils dilate, feel his cock twitch within him, hardening. The thunderer grasps Loki's waist and closes his eyes for a moment, resting his head against Loki's chest.  Loki could almost laugh, but he pets Thor's hair instead."Please," Loki says, his voice a low purr. "I've dreamed about this for ages. I want to come while you do it. I want to feel your stream hitting me from the inside, and be filled with it, until I can't keep myself from leaking.""Loki," Thor snarls, his voice broken and shaky.  "Brother... I do not need further convincing. Rather, I need you to shut your sinful mouth unless you wish me to fuck you before I do this."Loki bits his lips together in the effort to shut up, and also not to grin like an idiot, lest he resemble Thor too much. He waits patiently, his neglected need drooling between them. He doesn't dare touch it. He is so close just at the very thought, but he will wait.After a long moment, Thor raises himself up again. Loki eagerly lifts his hips when Thor pulls, shifting Loki until he's bent against Thor's hips, all of his weight on his shoulders.  Loki's cock is angled down now, dripping precum across the incline of his belly.Thor soothes his hands over Loki's thighs, down to his ass and holds him up. Loki has to chew on his bottom lip in order not to beg. Thor will give him what he needs.There is a long silence between them, only broken by their mutual heavy breathing and Loki's heart pounding in his ears. Then Loki feels it, a hot trickle inside.Loki groans at once, letting his head fall back on the bed, his body arching, seeking.  "Yes," Loki pants, desperate. "Ah, please, yes..."Thor leans harder against him and lets go, flooding him. Pissing inside of him. He can feel the force of Thor's stream against his insides, and Loki's hand flies to his cock.  He strokes just once, his fingers slipping in slickness, and comes across his own chest.  "Fuck!" he shouts, his thighs trembling with the intensity of his orgasm. His inner muscles clench around Thor's soft prick, still urinating inside, filling him with heat, and they both moan.Loki breaks away to whimpers, letting go of his sensitive cock, but he keeps Thor in place, his heels pressing against Thor's lower back.  "Don't stop..."Thor stays in. He's hard now and it's more difficult to piss. He has to take his time, waiting for his arousal to subside a little before continuing. It's diff
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Watersports
Urination
Anal Sex
Fingerfucking
Felching

fandom: 
Loki/Thor

