Work Text:

1
Steve was a bundle of nerves. He’d never back down from a fight, and would never lie to anyone if he could ever help it. He could take what people on the streets threw at him even if it meant getting a little roughed up. But this was different. This was Bucky. He’d known Bucky for years; they’d been inseparable ever since Bucky had swooped into a back alley in which Steve was about to get punched.To the whole world Bucky was his best and only friend. If only that was really the case Steve may not have to go through with this. Bucky was leaving the next day, it might be the last time Steve would ever see him. The idea of telling Bucky his true feelings terrified him, telling Bucky that it was him that filled his every fantasy, him that brought the joy to his life only a woman was supposed to bring.But he had to because if Bucky never came back, Steve would never forgive himself for not coming clean with his only friend.“I have something I need to tell you,” Steve murmured quietly, half of him probably would have rejoiced if Bucky hadn’t heard.“What is it Steve, you’ve seemed more nervous than a deer on a hunting range tonight?” Bucky was suddenly extremely close, inhaling the air that Steve was exhaling, his face full of concern.“I… I was never sure how to tell you, Buck… but it kind of feels like I have to now.”“You don’t gotta do anything you don’t want to,” Bucky smiled slightly and Steve took courage from the warmth on his shoulder from Bucky’s hand.“I love you, Bucky,” Steve paused, “and not as a friend. I don’t think I’m ever going to want to go out with any of the girls you offer, I don’t think I’ll ever want to go out with any girl.”Steve stared resolutely at the floor, not daring to meet Bucky’s eye. He tried not to flinch as he heard the sharp intake of breath.“That’s…” Bucky stuttered, caught off guard, “that’s a damn shame Steve.”Steve had never backed down from a fight before, but he’d never had to be in one with his best friend. He started to turn to go but suddenly there was a feather light touch cupping the outside of his cheek.“Let me finish,” Bucky whispered, “it’s a damn shame you took so long to tell me. So I could have tried this earlier.”Before Steve could ask what he meant, Bucky’s lips pressed onto his own. The whole of the world seemed to fade away into the background as the connection of lips on lips became all that Steve was aware of.  2Steve hadn’t wanted to tell her, his relationship with Bucky was dangerous as it was without letting others know he liked men the same way the rest of his regiment liked women. Peggy Carter was smart and beautiful, if Steve had liked women he would have loved her, there was no doubt in his mind.But it was because of this respect he had for her that he couldn’t continue to feign interest. He couldn’t use Peggy to keep up his appearances, not without at least being honest with her.He cornered her after a mission debriefing. He hadn’t told Bucky what he was doing as he knew Bucky would want to talk him out of it, or worse, come with him and end up in a worse position than Steve if it all went south.“Peggy, you must know I really admire you as a person,” Steve began, “but I don’t want you to get the wrong impression. I feel like I’ve been leading you on.”The room temperature seemed to increase with every second Steve was talking, he wished the serum had made him better at steering awkward conversations rather than losing the ability to get drunk.“Is there someone else?  Have you got a lady back home, Steve?” Peggy didn’t seem angry, or even that upset, she just gave him an encouraging smile.“Peggy, I really like you and, even though we haven’t known each other that long, I really do trust you. I wouldn’t say this if I didn’t. See, I don’t like women. I like men, Peggy. I really hope this won’t completely destroy our friendship.”“Oh,” Peggy blinked a couple of times; she seemed genuinely taken aback but she didn’t look horrified and she wasn’t immediately running away, so that gave Steve hope. “I won’t tell anyone, Steve. But you need to be careful, ok, not everyone is going to take the news that Captain America is a homosexual as well as I can.”Steve nodded, shifting his feet awkwardly, before quickly murmuring his thanks. It was only once he had made it to the door that Peggy called out to him, “it’s Bucky, isn’t it?”Steve nodded stiffly, and whispered his thanks once more before slipping away. Even though Peggy’s reaction had been better than he could have hoped for his heart was still pumping through his oversized body in a way that would have led to an asthma attack a few months ago.Bucky was dead a week later and Steve not long after that. Peggy kept her word; even as the world grew more tolerant she never revealed what Steve had told. The world continued to see Steve and Peggy as a classic example of tragic romance. 3 Unlike the first two times, the third time Steve came out to someone was not born of necessity or prior planning. It w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Social Media
Coming Out
Implied/Referenced Homophobia
Twitter
Kink Meme
alcohol is involed
Tony is a bro who helps Steve get drunk
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
5+1 Things

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

