Work Text:
The Soldier waited at the pre-arranged pick-up location, his flesh arm cradled in his metal one. Both were broken, but to different degrees. It didn’t exactly bother him to think about the possibility that the flesh might be beyond repair, that another piece of him was going to be swapped out for a superior make. It’s what happened. When your knife’s handle breaks, you replace the handle. It’s still your knife.
He held the flesh arm gently, though, just in case it was salvageable. 
No one came to meet him at the pre-arranged pick-up location. 
He waited for two days, back up against the metal fence of the closed store. He sat after only a few hours and stayed sitting, through daylight and night. He didn’t close his eyes.
Maybe they just hadn’t told him what the next mission was. Maybe they assumed he knew. People who gave him orders sometimes forgot there wasn’t a thinking mind behind his eyes anymore. This last set of owners were particularly bad at keeping that knowledge in their minds. The Soldier had had to listen to too many speeches, useless air puffing up useless words.
Or maybe this is what happened when he failed a mission. Maybe this was the punishment they had never bothered to express out loud to him. Maybe the worst thing they could think of to do to him was to let him loose to try to remember how to hold his broken flesh and keep it from smelling. 
He stood. If this was his punishment, he would embrace it. He always did. It didn’t take memories or humanity to know that. He would always take it, whatever it was, and he would be proud for as long as they let him remember. 
Time to heal the broken flesh. He could find a way.

* * *
He found a clinic for the poor and felt at home sitting in a waiting room surrounded by people coughing and bleeding. When they asked for an x-ray, he carefully pretended to flinch and they kept their touches light, their eyes sad when they landed on him.It helped that he had fished a pair of dog tags out of a bedroom a block away. It was a good cover story. The doctors and nurses accepted that there was so much they could do and no more for a homeless vet, it was a line of events they were used to. 
They splinted his arm and he declined further examination. He would have liked to have someone look at the area on his left torso that had turned a dark purple and hurt slowly when he breathed too deeply, but he would have had to take off his shirt. There would have been no explanation for the metal arm, not even with the cover story. A homeless vet doesn’t have tech like that.
They let him go. 
Somehow, his flesh still hurt. It wasn’t the pain of the broken pieces or the dull ache in the metal arm. It was something...bigger. Something that hurt in a way not localized to his flesh but associated with it. 
His thoughts turned to Captain America suddenly--but not him, a miniaturized version of him, covered in a sheen of sweat and a sickly pale color but blinking and happy, a grip on the hand that had settled on top of his on the bed--and the pain eased. It was like a tightening ache escaped on the air as he breathed out. 
He’d found a way to fix the broken flesh, he could fix this hurt too.

* * *
The arm healed. He went to the Smithsonian to see what he could learn about Captain America. The images on the walls swam strangely, as if he could see the figures moving up to the frozen second and could hear the next words afterward. He stood in front of Gabe’s face and knew what Gabe said next, he knew the heroic tilt of the chin was in imitation of the real hero in their midst, he could hear him say so and then Steve threw a piece of paper wadded up at his head but it didn’t hit Gabe, it hit--The Soldier blinked and the frozen moment settled back into the photograph in front of him. 
The bigger pain was back and it was clenching hard on something inside him. This was not the way to solve this, the Soldier decided. 
When he stood outside in the sunlight and breathed in and out a few times to orient himself around the big, shapeless pain, he thought: I have better ways of acquiring information than this.

* * *
The Soldier found Captain America so easily that he wondered if perhaps he was meant to find him. He waited, watching for the edges of a trap to reveal itself. Captain America went for runs in the morning with Sam Wilson, Falcon. He ate the same meals every day. He never startled when various spies appeared behind him--not Black Widow and not Fury and not Maria Hill--and he smiled sometimes. The Soldier counted how many times he smiled, how many times his expression fell when no one else was watching. The tally carried forward in the Soldier’s mind with no emotion, but the bigger pain kept aching.On the third night, the Soldier eased the window of the second floor bathroom up and climbed through. He padded silently through the house and opened Captain America’s door, mindful of the creek he knew to expect from his surveillance. He climbed on top of the bed and wa
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Memory Loss

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

