Chapter 1: The Worst Has Yet to Come
    




Chapter Text

September 2005
 Thirty-five was proving to be the age of aches. Tony remembered a time, not so long ago, when waking up and existing didn’t hurt so much. When his used and abused body didn’t complain after a long night of drinking and messing around with too many substances to be healthy. His muscles hadn’t pulled and his head wouldn’t pound behind his eyes, just from the morning sun slamming into them. He missed when hangovers disappeared by ten. He pretended though. Pretended thirty-five didn’t hurt. There was a warm, foreign body lying beside him in bed and Tony rolled over, away from the heat. September in Malibu still held a bit of strength and even with the air conditioning kicked on, he felt too hot. Though, it could have very easily been his body trying to sweat the remnants of the night before out. Opening his eyes just enough, Tony could see the woman’s bare back. She was blonde, lying on her stomach, the blankets stopping just above her waist. Sherry? Shannon? Sarah? Tony couldn’t recall. She had been handsy at the party though and almost relentless, so the result was rather typical. “Tony,” A voice snapped. He shut his eyes immediately, almost like a child. Pretending to feign sleep as the familiar voice tried his name again. Footsteps crossed the wood floor towards him and he felt someone grab the blanket over his body harshly and yank. Tony rolled over immediately, and the intruder, Rhodey, let out a sound of disgust and looked up at the ceiling. The woman startled awake, not hesitating in hogging the blankets to cover herself. Rhodey continued to avert his eyes, ordering, “Tony, what the hell!? Put some clothes on.” “Well, you can’t blame me,” Tony argued, leaning forward and grabbing his boxers from the floor, his head rushing at the movement, “You found me and my friend in a rather compromising position. You were the one ballsy enough to rip the blanket off.” Tony slipped the clothing on and Rhodey huffed in annoyance, shooting the woman an apologetic glance as she stood, wrapping the blankets around herself and retreating to the bathroom in the corner. Rhodey sighed, once the third party was gone, “Well, pardon me for thinking you’d be dressed. Especially since we agreed you’d be up and ready by nine.” “What time is it now?” Tony rubbed his face. “Nine.” “Oh.” “Yeah,” Rhodey pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head, “Just get up and get dressed. You have to give the weapon presentation to the freshies before they leave for the field next week.” Tony groaned, “You’re perfectly capable of doing that, Rhodes!” Rhodey picked up a pillow and smacked Tony on the back of the head harshly, causing the man’s head to spin even worse than it already was. He yanked it from his friend’s grip, throwing it across the room. Rhodey said, “I didn’t design the weapon. So, no, Tony. I’m not capable of doing it. Now get up or I’ll call Pepper.” Tony hesitantly stood. Ignoring the way his body creaked, he avoided his own bathroom, opting to use one of the guest ones instead. Despite what seemed to be a time crunch, he took his time in the shower, trying to wake himself and maybe sober up a bit. There was bound to be alcohol still left in his system. It was a vicious cycle. And he knew that. He wasn’t twenty-one anymore. The blur of nights out was shielded behind the mindset of “it’s not a big deal”. Because he was grown. He knew it was unhealthy at this point. The way his hands shook and the craving for an escape when things got the least bit stressful. Tony wasn’t stupid. He was, however, the type to ignore the issues in his decisions. Pretended they weren’t there. He wasn’t blind by any means, but he pretended to be. Once he was dried and had slipped on one of his many suits, Tony made his way downstairs. He supposed the woman had left, because her clothes were gone from his bedroom floor and he was slightly relieved that the awkwardness of not remembering her name hadn’t been addressed. Rhodey was waiting in the kitchen, ibuprofen already sitting out with a tall glass of water. As he popped the pills down and chugged the water, Rhodey spoke, “Tony, you’re too old for this.” “I’m too old for a lot of things,” Tony replied around his water as he finished it off, “But having a good time is not one of them.” Tony ignored the frustration of being lectured by his friend. He was used to it. It was received regularly from Rhodey, Pepper, and Obie. And despite responding in the least caring way he could muster, they still tried and tried and tried. Ignoring was easier. The car was waiting for them out front. Happy opened the door for him and as he climbed inside, he was surprised to see Pepper waiting. Rhodey followed in after and Tony looked between them, humming in surprise, “Wow, no one told me this was a family outing.” Pepper didn’t look up from the papers in her lap, “I told you three days ago.” “Was I, per chance-“ “You were not.” “That explai
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Pre-Iron Man 1
Protective Tony Stark
Young Peter Parker
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Fluff and Angst
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

