Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Mornin’ Sheriff.” the blacksmith stepped away from his forge, wiping his hands on the big apron and grinning broadly at the Alpha standing in his doorway. “Welcome home.”“Thanks, Happy.” Steve grinned right back, always pleased to see the other Alpha. “How are you? How have things been while I was back East?”“Slow.” Happy grunted. “I dunno if your deputies are doing a damn good job keeping the riff raff away, or they are doing such a shitty job that the bad guys don’t bother coming around. Maybe it’s the summer heat. Either way? It’s been slow.”“I don’t have a problem with slow.” Steve raised his eyebrows. “Wildrock could be crime free, and I would gladly hang up my Sheriff’s star and start ranching.”“You know you wouldn’t hang up that star.” Happy shook his head. “You like how important it makes you look, don’t lie.”“Yeah, well.” Steve glanced down at the gold star. “I suppose I’m a little attached to it.”“A little attached.” the Alpha blacksmith snorted. “You’re practically half a man without it. And I’m always happy t’see you, Sheriff, but what’s the real reason for stopping in?”“Nomad threw a shoe.” Steve headed out the door to check on his horse, and Happy followed behind. “About a mile and a half out from town. I walked him the entire way in, but he needs checked out.”“That is the dumbest name for a horse I ever heard, but sure I’ll look him over.” Happy started running gentle hands down the gelding’s legs, tsking over the thrown shoe and the state of the hoof. “It only came a off a little, huh?”“Yep.” Steve ran his fingers through the thick mane, working at a few of the knots. “I pulled the shoe, pulled any nail I could find– he was just starting to limp as we came through town so I don’t think the damage is too much.”“Don’t worry, I got him.” Happy led the horse over to the stable so he could rest. “Say, Sheriff have you met the new schoolteacher?”“No.” Steve carried over a bucket of water to fill the trough. “Sam wired to let me know that Ms. Lorraine had to step down, but he didn’t say why. And I heard that we found a replacement teacher for the children, so the schoolhouse will be a stop on my route today. How is she fitting in? The children like her alright?”“They like him just fine.” Happy corrected. “And by the way? He’s an Omega, just so you’re aware.”“An Omega?” Steve’s eyebrows nearly flew off his forehead. “Is he mated?”“Nope. Unbonded.” Happy raised his eyebrows as well. “And decidedly less spinsterish than our last teacher, if you know what I mean. Real easy on the eyes, that one. Young too.”“Less spinsterish.” Steve repeated. “What is an unbonded Omega of marrying age doing teaching in Wildrock? Most teachers are Beta’s, and usually single. Why is he here?”“If you can figure out that answer, we’ll all be grateful.” Happy patted Nomad one last time before heading to get his tools to trim down the hoof and recast a shoe. “Your terribly named horse will be ready tomorrow, yeah?”“Thank you, Happy.” Steve reached to shake his hand. “I’ll buy you dinner at the saloon tomorrow night. We can catch up, yeah?”“Sure thing, Sheriff.”****************************************“Welcome home, Sheriff!” A young Omega called to Steve as she and her brother walked down the sidewalk, her cheeks tinting pink when he tipped his hat in her direction. “Happy to see you back!”“Glad to be back, ma’am.” Steve lifted his hand in a wave to her brother and continued on his way.“Sheriff!” the shop keep shouted, waving from the door of the mercantile. “Glad to have you home!”“Thank you!” Steve waved back, sending a smile towards the next person who called hello as well.He loved Wildrock. Loved the land, the hardworking people, how everyone knew everyone else’s name. There was less than three hundred people in town, close to fifteen hundred if he counted the smaller surrounding communities and life just moved at a different pace here than it did back East.  Slower. Friendlier. Easier.After the war had torn the states apart, Steve had come West hoping that he would never have to fight again. He had been a good soldier, a Captain even, but taking orders from men who thought a body count determined victory, who didn’t care who was hurt in the process, or whose lives were destroyed as the soldiers came through their towns—–Steve had had enough of that to make him sick, and the minute the war was over, he had packed up and left, his best friend Bucky coming along with him, both of them looking for a new adventure.They had found the adventure in Wildrock in the form of stopping a bank robbery in process.Steve had jumped from Nomad’s back and knocked one of the robbers off his own mount, and Bucky had simply reached up and dragged the other one of his horse to the ground, laying him out with one hard punch.They had snatched the rifles, aimed them at the other two thieves, and the whole incident had come to a screeching halt.Only a few months later, Steve had taken over as Sheriff of Wildrock, Bucky a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan

freeform: 
Stony - Freeform
Alternate Universe - Western
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
First Meetings
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Protective Bucky Barnes
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson is a Gift
Bucky Barnes & Steve Rogers Friendship
Old West
Cowboy Hats
Schoolteacher Tony
Blowjobs
Rimming
Fingering
Body Worship
Flirting
First Dates
Semi-Polyamorous Relationships
Friends With Benefits
Secret Relationship
Trust Issues
Fluff and Feels
Love Confessions
Relationship Negotiation
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Rhodey Is a Good Bro
Alpha!Sunset
Mentions of past abuse
Emotional Manipulation
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Hurt/Comfort
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Clint Barton
Protective Sam Wilson
Protective Steve Rogers
Romance
Intimacy
Happily Ever After

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Natasha Romanov
Clint Barton/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan

