Work Text:
Peter’s always had bad luck. From being Flash’s favourite, most frequent victim to losing three different parental figures, its inevitable that his rotten luck comes to play at least once a week, a figure which increased dramatically since that damn spider bite.
That’s why it doesn’t come as a surprise when Mr Harrington announces the location of the decathlon team’s latest field trip during what initially, seemed like a normal Friday afternoon.
“Okay, listen up,” he claps to get everyone’s attention at the end of the lunch hour. “We’ve been really fortunate to be offered a chance to go see one of the leading scientific and technological companies of our time!” 
Mr Harrington’s little speech and the surprising, extremely unusual enthusiasm present in his voice caught the attention of every teenager in the room, including Flash who even took the liberty to stop kicking Peter’s legs and MJ, who looked more attentive than usual. 
“Stark Industries have selected the brightest students from schools around Queens and New York for a tour of their HQ, including all of you after your impressive outcome in the Academic decathlon earlier on this year.” 
While there were gasps of wonder and thrilled shouts around the hall, Peter remained silent and grimaced, dread seeping up through him, knowing that the trip would result in all the attention on him. Ned looked at his friend worriedly, trying his hardest to contain his own excitement.  
“Oi Penis! Sacred we’ll all find out about your lies? Shouldn’t have pretended to have an internship in the first place Parker, as if your smart enough to bag a place at Stark Industries.” Flash grinned and walked out, nudging Peter on his way out.   
Peter sighed deeply and walked out, trying his hardest to remain calm. What’s the worst that could happen, he thinks to himself; they find out that I’m Spider-man? Or maybe the fact that Mr Stark is basically like my dad? He groans and leaves, immediately thinking of ways to either get out of going in order to save his dignity from the inevitable embarrassment Mr Stark would cause and his identity as local vigilante/ part-time Avenger. 
------------------
Thanks to Peter’s bad luck, May makes him go, saying that there is nothing to worry about and missing out will only make him look more suspicious. So he finds himself on the coach, sat next to an extremely hyper Ned. 
They get inside and immediately, Sarah the receptionist/tour guide notices him and smirks, aware of his predicament as the precious intern of the great Tony Stark. After explaining to the class a little more about the company and the events of the day, she turned to Peter.
“Hey Pete. I heard that your school was making a trip here so I didn’t make an extra visitor pass for you. You brought your own, right?” 
To anyone else, it seemed innocent enough but the gleam in her eye gave her away to Peter and he scowled before assuring her that yes, he does have his own entry pass. He turned to look at his classmates and everyone except Ned and MJ looked shocked to see that Peter wasn’t lying. 
He felt slightly smug at proving them wrong and more importantly, himself as being worthy enough to be an intern at Stark Industries but the feeling quickly vanished once he realised what using his own pass meant. Friday.
As each person meant through the security doors and tapped their passes, they were greeted by a monotonous voice which read out their name and their level; Level 1. Once Sarah went in, the voice said Level 7.
“What do the different levels refer to?” questioned Flash. 
“Each level shows a different amount of security clearing that the employee or visitor has. As I’m this building’s receptionist and your tour guide for today, I have enough clearing to get inside everywhere I need to be. A couple labs, meeting rooms and Mr Stark’s private quarters are off bound for me.” Sarah glances at Peter and teasingly smirks again, before continuing.
“Level 10 is the highest level which is only given to Mr Stark and his closest friends or colleagues.”
Peter feels like crying. He knows what’s going to happen once he passes those doors and suddenly he feels an immense amount of irritation towards Sarah, for making his superhero identity more obvious to his classmates. It must show on his face because Ned rubs his back and Peter sighs, reminding himself that Sarah doesn’t even know he’s Spider-man, so he shouldn’t be letting it get to him. 
He braces himself and taps his pass. The previously monotone voice brightens up to greet him.
“Peter Parker, Level 10. Welcome back, it’s nice to hear from you so soon after you left yesterday night. Would you like me to contact boss and let him know you’ve arrived?” Friday asks, as warmly as an A.I can.
“N-No. No, that’s alright Friday, thanks. Just here for a school trip”. Peter says as he scurries past and keeps his head down. By now, all of his classmates have heard the encounter and are staring at him with expressions of awe
“Level 10?  What 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
Stark Industries
Stark internship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Field Trip

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Ned Leeds
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

