Chapter 1: Tony Stark is done with your shit
    




Chapter Text
Tony Stark is pissed the fuck off. In the direct aftermath of the "superhero civil war" he was hurt, both physically and emotionally, but now he’s angry. An angry Tony Stark is actually quite rare and he hasn’t been this angry since Obadiah Stane's betrayal. When he was left alone by the other Avengers, he had plenty of time to look at the whole picture of what happened with the Accords and everything that came before.	Wanda Maximoff is a danger to herself and everyone within a hundred mile radius of her, not that he didn’t already know that. It’s obvious to anyone who isn’t on Rogers' team that the witch doesn’t have full control of her dangerous abilities. She put the idea of Ultron in his head, she fucked around in Bruce’s head and unleashed the Hulk on an innocent city, she willingly worked for Hydra. 	The Avengers were never his family like they claimed to be, they weren’t even his friends. They loved living rent-free on his dime, they loved his upgrades to their gear (for which he received no thanks), and they also loved to point blame at him first. He was never invited to team bonding events like movie night or brunch, nobody gave Tony Stark a second thought. Well, almost nobody. Bruce and Thor always tried to bring him in on things, but they’re gone now. 	He really misses Thor and Bruce so much too. Upon further reflection, they were closer to his family than they were friends. Not only did he lose the facade of having a family, but he lost the only two people on that team who truly cared about him. Now on top of this Avengers shit, he gets to mourn the loss of Bruce and Thor all over again. 	If anything, he's kind of glad that Rogers and his band of merry fugitives fucked off to Wakanda, because he would not be able to stop himself from attacking them on sight. Tony has spent too much time being sad and passive about being treated like dirt and he's realized that he's entitled to feel pissed off. It's not like there's anyone around to scold him now anyway.	Pepper is gone for good now, he knows that much is true. She couldn't deal with him anymore and he doesn't blame her. A girl like her deserves more than Tony could ever give, she deserves all of the attention she can get. He just can't give that to her, not now and probably not ever again. Tony tells himself that this is all for the best, that they're both better off apart. He certainly won't miss the constant nagging and he tends to remind himself of that whenever he gets tempted to text her.	As for Rhodey, he's off at a rehabilitation facility. Tony's tech may have helped, but he still wants to recover naturally and that's okay. He's just glad that there's a chance for Rhodey to recover at all after that stupid fucking airport fight. His best friend's injury is another thing on the list of things that have pissed him off to no end about all of this. As much as he doesn't want to, he blames Vision for what happened. Wanda is to blame as well, but he'd rather not go there.	Sam blames himself for moving out of the way, but Tony doesn't place any blame with him. Rhodey's armour protected him from the worst of it and if Sam had taken that shot, he'd be dead. Tony doesn't believe that Sam is a bad guy, not really. He gets it more than he'd like to admit, the thrill of following Captain America into battle. If it weren't for Rogers, Sam would have never become an Avenger so he follows him around like a lost puppy. He follows him blindly out of some sense of loyalty, and now it's backfired. When he thinks of Sam, his first emotion is pity and that says a lot coming from Tony Stark.	He is currently in the workshop, blasting AC/DC and not really working at all. Most of his time these days is spent looking for Thor and Bruce or plotting revenge against the rogue Avengers. It's not anything too exciting, but it keeps him from losing it and deciding to become a supervillain. He's not going to lie, he's thought about it before, but he refuses to give up just yet. It's sad and he never thought he'd see the day where he actually understands why Loki is the way he is. Being rejected by your family sucks and Tony's been through this twice now, once with his parents and once with the family he thought was going to save him.	Friday alerts him to an alien spacecraft that's landing on the roof of the tower and he can't believe his luck. Why is it always him? Why can't these people go bother the X-Men or the Fantastic Four? He steps into the Iron Man armour and it's the first time he's been in it since Siberia. Tony can't help but panic a little, but he can't afford to be off his game because that ship is huge. The doors of the thing open and Tony has a repulser aimed at whoever is walking out.	Wait a second. He almost looks like... no, it can't possibly be. Tony searched everywhere for them and couldn't find any sign that they were okay. Yet here they are, Thor and Bruce are smiling wearily at him and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Thor & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/bruce banner

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War
Let's just pretend infinity war never happened
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin's A+ Parenting
not team Cap friendly
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Angst
Brian Banner's A+ Parenting
Fluff

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Thor & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Tony Stark
Bruce Banner/Loki/Tony Stark
Loki/bruce banner

