Chapter 1: Numb
    




Chapter Text
Peter had undoubtably had the worst day of his life. Well, it felt like the worst day of his life.To begin his day, he had a fight with May. He couldn't even remember why he had been so angry, why he had snapped at her when she was just trying to help him, trying to get him to stay in that night instead of patrolling. He'd ruined it all, and instead of trying to make it up with her, he let her leave for work on the argument. Peter knew that letting people leave, or to sleep on an argument was the wrong, and possibly worst thing you could possibly do. But he felt so angry, he felt so tired. Spider-Man was taking it's toll on his body, but he didn't want to believe it.He knew May could see it, he knew she wanted him to take a break. But he couldn't.May finding out he was Spider-Man had been hard enough, and now that she was pestering him constantly about curfews, Peter had had enough. He knew she was trying to keep him from killing himself, that she was trying to keep him safe and healthy, but he couldn't take a break. Tony was counting on him, the city was counting on him. She didn't understand the responsibility of that.Peter knew he was acting like the most ungrateful kid there could possibly be, but his mind was running so fast he didn't even have the time to feel bad about it. He had a job, and he had to fulfil that. He had to help the people who needed it. It was his decision, he let himself get the reputation, so he had to deal with it.He knew he was only fifteen, he knew he shouldn't be thinking like that. But he wanted to do good, he wanted to impress both May, Tony, and the city itself. He felt like he had the responsibility, even though there were Avengers like Tony Stark.He'd been staying out later, he hadn't been completing homework, his grades were slipping. His life was disintegrating right in front of him, as if everything including himself was turning to dust right in front of him. He knew that, he knew he should be taking a break like May had been trying to tell him to do. But the more he failed, the more he fought, the more dust he saw. In his legs, his hands, his chest. He almost felt numb all over, and he wasn't sure if it scared him or not.He carried this feeling around with him for the entire day, forcing himself to act like he was okay as he went to each class. If Ned had noticed that something was up, he wasn't mentioning it. Peter wasn't sure if he was pleased or sad that his best friend hadn't said, or noticed, anything wrong with him. He would usually deflect, but after fighting with May, he felt empty. That numb feeling was spreading, he was getting sadder and sadder as the minutes passed.But he couldn't be sad. This was his fault in the first place. He had to fix it.The scary thing was, was that he didn't know why he was feeling like this. The strange, neutral-like feeling was spreading quick, adding onto the numbness, overall making him feel like complete shit. He felt like he was a zombie, walking the halls with his eyes half-open and his ears half-listening to everything around him. The only thing that was keeping him going was the knowledge that he would be going to Tony's lab after school, and that maybe his entire wouldn't be completely shitty.Peter wished he could call Tony. He didn't know why, but he felt like only he would understand.They had arranged Peter's lab visit a few days back, for him to come to the compound and help Tony around in the lab, and maybe even improve his own suit. Peter had been excited for those few days, so excited he couldn't sleep, which could be another reason why he was feeling so tired.But after his fight with May, he found that he wanted nothing more than to just sleep away the pain and to just forget everything happened. He needed to sleep away the numbness, he needed to sleep away every bad thought he was thinking. But he knew for a fact that when he fell into the hands of sleep, nightmares about the Vulture and everything else wrong in his life would make themselves known. So, really, he had no escape from his tragic reality.He let the thought of being with Tony Stark for the afternoon consume him, letting him believe that his day could possibly get better.But all those thoughts went down the drain when Flash began to pester him while trying to escape his hell of a school."Penis Parker." He heard from behind him, his senses telling him that something was about to happen.Before he knew it, a hand was on his shoulder and turning him around. Ned paused beside him, Peter vaguely seeing him roll his eyes. Peter sighed, turning around with his eyes heavy and his emotions already skyrocketing. He was not in the mood for Flash's shit."What do you want, Flash?" Peter almost growled, his fists clenching and causing this nails to dig into his palms almost painfully. He didn't care if he broke the skin, it would be healed within an hour anyways. "I have places to be."Peter cringed at his own words as soon as he ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Crying
Bullying
Gun Violence
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
5+1 Things
Marvel Universe
Robbery
Panic Attacks
Anger
Post-Canon
Sensory Overload
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Infinity War spoilers
Canon Divergence
Sad Peter Parker
Nightmares
slight mentions of new york
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fix-It of Sorts

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

