Chapter 1: A super-nice guy
    




Chapter Text
“Tony? There’s a kid sleeping on the couch in our living room.”Tony broke off his muttered discussion with Pepper and turned to Bruce, who had poked his head around the door. The man looked very confused. Then again, when didn’t he?Tony threw a forced smile in his direction. “Uhm – yeah. He’s my intern. Tell the others to stay out of his way, okay? I’ll be out in a sec.”Bruce blinked at him. “I thought your interns all worked at the tower?”Tony gave a nonchalant wave. “Change of plans. Can you give us a moment here?”“If he’s an intern, why is he sleeping?” Bruce pressed on.“Oh, for the love of- .. Bruce, I’ll come out in a minute and explain, okay? Just let the kid be.”Bruce gave a mild shrug. “Very well. Just so you know, Natasha and Sam are already betting on him being your illegitimate child.” He disappeared.Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.“So what will you tell them?” Pepper asked. “Just so you know, if you’re going to roll with that illegitimate child thing, I’m going to pretend to be very angry with you for about a week and you’ll have to work really hard to make it up to me. Really hard.”Tony grimaced at her, and she smirked.“I could tell them he’s yours.” He warned.Pepper scoffed. “Like they’d believe that.”“Hm,” Tony muttered. “Probably not. Well, I suppose it’s best to tell them the truth.” Natasha was pretty much a walking breathing lie detector, after all.Pepper frowned “Are you sure about that? Didn’t Peter say he wanted to keep a low profile?”“Not the spider-man part,” Tony said. “Just... that he’s my intern, his aunt is sick and he needs a place to crash.”“Sure. And then they’ll ask you why the hell you bother looking after some random intern, and you say...”“That I’m a super-nice guy like that?” Tony finished her sentence.Pepper rolled her eyes.Tony huffed. “Fine. I’ll tell them that he’s my super-special personal intern who is working on a project with me, and that he’s a good kid and I care about him. How’s that?”Pepper pursed her lips, then smiled. “Well, still very unlike you, but you clearly genuinely mean it, so that might convince them.”-When Tony entered the common living area, he was met with four suspicious Avengers sitting around the table, all gazing at the couch that Peter was lying on. Natasha, Sam and Steve all had similar scowls, while Bruce still just looked confused. That was not entirely what Tony had in mind when he had told Bruce to ‘let the kid be’. It was a miracle the kid’s spider-sense wasn’t going haywire yet with so many people staring at him.“Tony,” Steve hissed. “What’s going on here? Why is that kid sleeping here?”They all turned to him, and Tony adopted a nonchalant stance, grabbing the coffee pot from the table and pouring himself a cup. “He’s my intern.”“Yes, so Bruce said, but why is he sleeping here?”“His aunt has Leukemia.”It was quiet for a moment.“Okay, if anything, that raises more questions than it answers.” Steve finally said. “I... I don’t even know where to start. How about -- Why is he sleeping here?”Tony sighed, then elaborated. “He lives with his aunt. She’s had leukaemia for a while, and was admitted into hospital today. There’s no one else to take care of him.”“Okay..” Sam said slowly, “but since when do you solve the personal problems of your employees for them?”“Since always because I’m a good human being.”Four sets of eyes blinked at him, until Tony finally relented. “Ugh... he’s my super-special personal intern who has worked with me on a few projects and we’ve gotten kind of close. There. Convinced?”“He’s telling the truth,” Natasha said, looking mildly surprised by it.“Course I am,” Tony flashed them all a smile.They turned when they heard a noise behind them.-Peter woke up, feeling disoriented. Slowly, the day’s events came back to him and he turned his head to bury his face in the pillows. All the chemo aunt May had endured, all the stress and fear of the last few months... and for what? May had only gotten worse. And now the doctors were looking for a transplant and Peter couldn’t even do the one thing that would have actually helped her. He gulped in some air and then heaved out a dry sob.It wasn’t until he felt a hand land on his back that he remembered where he was. He bolted upright on the couch, rubbing his face with his sleeve. Tony crouched in front of him, his lips pressed into a thin line. “Hey kid – let me get you to a bedroom.” Peter couldn’t help but feel that the man was annoyed. Probably because Peter was blubbering all over his no doubt very expensive couch.Peter nodded and stood, but froze when he caught sight of the four people sitting at the table.Shit, he just completely lost it in front of a whole group of Avengers. Way to embarrass yourself, Peter, he mentally scolded himself.“Uhm...” He stupidly said.“Never mind them, let me get you to bed,” Tony said. “We can do the introductions later.”“No,” Peter said quickly. “I mean, I... I’d rather go do somethi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Secret Identity
Guilt
Fluff and Angst
sick aunt May
Misunderstandings
False Accusations
Happy Ending
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Underage Drinking

fandom: 
None
