Chapter 1





Chapter Text
  Peter turned 22 last week and celebrated it with his close friends and Aunt May. Sadly, he didn’t get to celebrate it with his boyfriend since said boyfriend was out somewhere doing God knows what. Actually, Peter did know what Wade’s doing and where he was. Being in a relationship with a mercenary can be tricky but they work it out with clear communication. And so far it’s been alright.  Great  even. Their relationship was still young being only three months since Peter agreed on going out with Wade but they’ve known each other for a little over a year now so they’re in no way strangers. Peter had to admit, he expected his relationship with Wade to be rocky and won’t work but surprisingly it’s turning out to be the best he’s had. Wade was super caring, thoughtful, and  loving  . A complete  gentleman  . When they go out, he opened the door for Peter, always assisted thee omega, wiped the sweat from Peter's brow, and Wade would do his best to do the heavy lifting even when Peter could  literally  lift a truck with his bare hands. It’s so fucking  sweet  that he didn’t even mind Wade’s honest chivalry. Honest to god, Peter may have accidentally snagged a fucking  Disney prince . The brunette expressed that to Wade one day and the older man just laughed and shook his head. Peter pouted at his reaction because it upsets him that the alpha just couldn’t see what a sweetheart he was. But that’s a thought for next time; a mission to make Wade see that he’s an  exceptional  person. Sure he killed but they’re easing their way out of that. Wade promised that he’ll stop ‘unaliving’ as one of his birthday gifts to Peter. Yes,  one  of his birthday gifts. The older man spoiled Peter as much as he can get away with it on a day-to-day basis. And oh boy when the omega’s birthday rolled in well… let’s just say Peter didn’t need to live in his crappy apartment anymore. They moved in together weeks before Peter’s birthday in their new quaint and cozy penthouse so the younger was settled in enough to celebrate it there. Again, Wade was  thoughtful  and fucking  generous.  The birthday party was great but not having Wade there kind of dampened his mood at the end of it and he hugged his big Deadpool Tsum Tsum plush tighter that evening as he fell asleep. Peter missed him dearly like a lovesick puppy and he’s not ashamed to admit it. He missed his prince, damn it! Good thing Wade will be home the following day. When Peter woke up, he saw a bouquet of chicken nuggets and fries by the bedside table with a card saying:  “Good morning to the hungriest and prettiest omega!”  and signed with a Deadpool logo. He’s absolutely giddy and hopped off the bed and went out of the room, munching on the treats he really shouldn’t be having for breakfast. He saw Wade at the kitchen preparing more food and yeah… he’s  the one , Peter concluded. If he swooned and jumped into the big alpha’s arms, don’t judge him please. 
  Peter insisted they spend the day at home watching movies or whatever. They hadn’t seen each other in a  week  and the younger merely wanted to spend time with Wade so he had to decline the alpha’s various offers to go somewhere fanciful. Wade pouted at first having denied the chance to spoil his baby boy but if this was what the omega wanted for his late birthday celebration with him then he won’t push his own agenda. And he  certainly  wasn’t going to complain how the day panned out now that evening rolled in and they’re on the couch with Peter straddling his lap making such delectable sounds as they make out. Peter breathed out a rather shaky moan when Wade dart his tongue past the omega’s lips in time when his big warm hands grope Peter’s thighs. That pleasured sound made Wade groan deeply and his ministrations got more intense while his hands wandered and massaged every supple flesh he can get his hands on. After spending some time worshipping Peter’s round shapely thighs, Wade’s hands made their way to grab that peachy ass he’s always thought of during his rut. The effect was immediate when Peter  mewled  as his ass was fondled by Wade’s hands. Wade grinned lecherously when Peter was grinding and writhing on his lap with abandon like a needy little minx. Peter’s eyes was closed with his mouth partly opened breathing quite heavily. It’s a very nice sight and he couldn’t help but smack the omega’s ass hard and feel that flesh bounce. The sound Peter made went straight to Wade’s dick and he groaned, adjusting his sitting posture so his groin will meet with Peter’s. And  holy fuck  did that feel good when his clothed cock met the heat Peter has between his legs. Peter opened his eyes after he reeled in from getting spanked, his eyes lighting a sly glint and he dove in again to lock his lips with Wade in another filthy kiss. Yeah, Wade was a gentleman but he’s a big horny perv too. But of course the alpha never pushed his boundaries but oh, when Peter opened the doors and allowed him to explore his
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Wade Wilson
Omega Peter Parker
Shameless Smut
Gratuitous Smut
Fluff and Smut
Size Kink
Size Difference
first time knotting
intersex omega
Intersex
Vaginal Sex
Vaginal Fingering
Anal Sex
Creampie
Anal Fingering
Cunnilingus
Weird Biology
Dry Humping
Finger Sucking
Rough Sex
Unrealistic Sex
Well duh
Birthday Sex
Spanking
Body Worship
Precious Peter Parker
Naughty Peter Parker
Peter a freak
Wade's freakier
Mild Comeplay
Breeding Kink
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Porn with Feelings
Perversion
mainly on my part
Wade Wilson Loves Peter Parker
Peter Parker Loves Wade Wilson
Begging
Wet & Messy
Multiple Orgasms
I Don't Even Know

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

