Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Moira died on a Tuesday. There’s a inviolable importance to the date: of all the things Charles has lost, the sharp, agonizing snap of a broken bond is something he never had to experience, simply because he never had it with Moira to begin with—there is no physical reminder of what he’s lost. Carving out a day of the week is the best he can do. It’s an inadequate reminder, but the approach and arrival of that day is always a slow grinding torture, and that’s at least something. It’s a small hurt, comparatively, but gods know he’d do anything to feel—to reflect in the physical just what she meant, and what’s suddenly been wrenched out of him. He’ll take what he can get.
In the Old World, they likely could have saved her. The wound itself had been superficial—exactly as it was meant to be. Killing her outright would have defeated the purpose. The message had been entirely for Charles: a note, speared to Moira’s shoulder with a knife. A poisoned dagger. Raven had wanted him to watch her suffer—to die slowly.You would deny your king for this?
Seven words should hardly be sufficient to articulate the reasons behind the murder of his wife, but when he’s alone in his bedchamber, the reality of it plays in his mind on an infinite loop, uninterrupted when there’s no one there to break it for him—and the logic of it morphs into a mess that’s not so unthinkable after all. If, as some believe, the world was created in seven days, surely his world can just as easily be taken apart with seven words.You would deny your king for this?
The “u” in “your” was unreadable with the knife stabbed through it, and parts of the other words were messy with Moira’s blood, but the message was clear.You would deny your king for this?
“He’s not my king,” Charles says aloud to his empty room, tracing his fingers over the parchment. His touch lingers over the dried blood—the only part of Moira’s body that isn’t rotting below the ground. The blood has wrinkled the material and rippled it into bubbled, uneven lumps of paper marred by liquid damage. It’s comforting, in a way, to see physical proof of the effects of her death.
No, Erik is not his king. Nor did Erik kill Moira.
Though he is no doubt glad to see her dead.
That it was Charles’ own sister that did the killing—surely, it offers Erik a validation for his beliefs. Moira was human. Without Charles’ intervention, she would have found herself a second-class citizen, the same as any other human. That he took her and made her his queen—that she is the mother of his heir—not only turned heads in all the other regions, but in his own as well. Figures. Different is surprising. Different is shocking.
He swipes his fingers over the paper again. So fragile. Everything is, these days.
People within his kingdom obey his laws: insofar as he is able, he has ensured that humans are treated fairly. But for him to marry a human—it seemed too bizarre an action for even the relatively progressive citizen to swallow. Only the most radical—those who, like him, favor full co-existence between humans and mutants—approve. And there are not so many of those people. Fewer now, with war sweeping up from the South—with the promise of subjugation and annihilation for those who believe differently from the conquering lord.
That he married Moira regardless of politics and still managed to retain power is a testament to his general popularity—and to the fact that, human or not, she was a bearing woman, capable of giving him children. In these times, the ability to bear is precious, no matter who you are. Most may think Moira shouldn’t have been allowed to marry the king, but nearly all would agree that she ought to have had children with a mutant: the promise of a child, and a mutant one at that. Subsume the human genes with mutant ones, and also create children, all in one go. Many would consider that fortuitous.
But not in a marriage to their king.
And certainly not if they knew what he is.
They do not. With any luck—not that luck has done much for him lately—they never will. Only five people in the world know: three of them are dead, one of them—Erik—has given his word to never tell, and the remaining individual—Raven, ironically—will heed any command Erik gives her.
If there’s any mercy in the world at all, the truth will end with them.
If, indeed, it is allowed to end. Erik has given no indication that he is inclined to let it.
And that? It matters. Because the sound of canons suggests that Erik may get his way.
But not yet.
“And never easily, hmm?” Charles murmurs, strolling over toward the bassinette by the far wall. An eager gurgle comes from within, and, despite the situation, Charles’ face splits into an easy grin and he reaches down, slipping his arms under his son and lifting him to his chest.
The repetition of rocking is soothing, both to him and to his son; the outlet for his nervous energy is welcome: he circles the room, counting out his steps and bouncing the baby against
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Moira MacTaggert/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Dystopia
Dubious Consent
War
Erik is not a Happy Bunny
Telepathic Bond
Forced Marriage
Forced Bonding
Mpreg
Discrimination
Blindfolds
Fictional Religion & Theology
Erik Logic Is The Best Logic
Tattoos
Physical Abuse
Emotional/Psychological Abuse

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier
Moira MacTaggert/Charles Xavier

