Chapter 1: A is for Accidental Stimulation with Fitz and Ward
    


Summary:

This is meant to take place shortly after the season 1 Agents of Shield episode The Hub.  The time they spent laying in that mag pouch was short but long enough to get Ward excited.  He circles back to Fitz later that night to finish what was just barely started.  Chapter Specific Tags:Accidental StimulationColleagues to LoversPower DynamicFrottage



Notes:
Credit and thanks to Mvlpj1d03 who suggested frottage all the way back in July.  Here's hoping you like it!




Chapter Text
“We need to talk.”  That was never a good thing in Fitz’s experience.  It usually ended things like break up speeches or discussions about someone dying.  This time it was coming from Grant Ward and Fitz knew exactly what he wanted to discuss.  Their time in that mag pouch had been brief but apparently meaningful enough that Ward wanted to talk.  Well, nothing had actually happened then and there.  They were on a mission after all.  What had happened was that Ward had been close. He’d been very close, pressed into Fitz’s back as they lay there waiting.  By the time the truck came past, Fitz had an idea of just how big a man Ward was.  What was worse was that Fitz had gotten stiff there too.  “We really don’t,” Fitz told Ward.  His small room on the Bus felt even smaller with Ward standing there hovering over him.  “The mission is over, treat it like Vegas if you’d like.  I really need to…” Fitz pointed toward the doorway which Ward was blocking.   “I know for a fact you have nothing on your agenda and nowhere to go so… sit down, Fitz.”  “Ward, I need to…” but the rest of the words were gone as Ward devoured them by gobbling up the space between them in a few small steps.  In a moment the man was practically on top of Fitz, pressed so close Fitz could practically feel the man’s cologne grinding into his pores.  “What are you doing?”  Fitz had meant it to be strong, firm, but his voice cracked in the middle and Ward knew he had him.  “Tell me you’re not half hard right now.”  To prove it and so Fitz couldn’t lie, Ward reached down to cup him, finding that his guess was completely correct.  “I knew it,” was all Ward said before he was kissing Fitz roughly, a hand sunk into his curls to control his movements.  It was all too fast for Fitz but he couldn’t find the words to say anything as Ward kissed him again.  There was Jemma to consider, but this was also nice.  Fitz had had only a few sexual encounters with other people, both times with girls.  Not only did Ward get a rise out of him though, if Fitz was honest he’d gotten a couple of wet dreams out of him the past few months too.  He hadn’t thought anything of it until they were in that mag pouch, Ward rubbing himself into Fitz’s backside.  “Lay on the bed with me,” Ward directed, tugging the bedclothes down so they could slide in under the comforter.  Fitz was nervous but did what he was asked, lying facing the wall as Ward climbed in behind him.  Fitz felt small and protected for a moment as Ward dwarfed him.  “I’m not going to fuck you, Fitz, but I want to get you naked.”  “I’m nothing to look at,” Fitz told Ward, looking over his shoulder.  “I want to feel you.”  Ward’s calloused hand worked its way under Fitz’s shirt to his nipple, rubbing sharply a few times.  “I’ll undress too.”  Ward’s hand moved to Fitz’s belt, tugging it open as his other hand did the same with his own belt.  The sound of belts jangling in a darkened room made Fitz’s heart pound in his chest.   Did he really want to do this?  Was this a good idea or a really, really terrible one?   It didn’t take long until Ward was reaching for the lotion Fitz kept in his nightstand and moving his hand between his legs.  All the while the man’s mouth ran over Fitz’s shoulder, now bare.  Shirts were gone and pants pushed down more than halfway and kicked off the rest, they lay there in just underwear.  Fitz was grateful for the darkened room so Ward didn’t have to look at his y-fronts.  They were not sexy in the least and Fitz thought they might well break the spell.  If he believed in magic, that might be what he thought.  That would make this easier, if this were some sort of charm or enchantment like in Harry Potter.  Instead he knew it to be a thick chemical soup of hormones and lack of sleep coupled with going on a near death mission with this man.  All of that intensified by the fact that Fitz had had a little bit of a crush on Ward since day one.  He heard the thick sound of a lotioned palm sliding up and down flesh and shuddered.  “You’re not going to… to…”“I won’t put it inside you,” Ward growled in Fitz’s ear.  “I promise.”  The promise let Fitz allow Ward to take down those old y-fronts and slide his cock between his cheeks.  It felt strange, too warm and like any second Ward could change the way he was moving and push in.  It’d hurt like hell wouldn’t it?  Did he actually want that?  Fitz’s heart was pounding nearly out of control as
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Bobbi Morse/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanov
Leo Fitz/Grant Ward
Peggy Carter/Jemma Simmons
Clint Barton/Scott Lang
Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Roleplay
Gryffindor Wins
Spanking
Otk spanking
professor/student
Corporal Punishment
Crossdressing
Age Difference
Orgasm Control
Edging
Mutual Masturbation
Premature Ejaculation
anonymous
Cybersex
Webcam/Video Chat Sex
Go Army
Uniform Kink
Oral Sex
Boot Worship
Face-Fucking
Genderbending
Seduction
Lapdance
Pining
First Kiss
Tom Holland Lip Synch Battle
Threesome - F/M/M
Polyamory
Undercover Missions
Sex Positive Peggy Carter
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Truth Serum
Drugging a Drink
Rape/Non-con Elements
Pseudo-Incest
Drunken Confessions
Bottom Thor (Marvel)
Friendship
Strap-Ons
Semi-Public Sex
Hair-pulling
Tribbing
Bottom Natasha Romanov
Topping from the Bottom
polishing
Cock Ring
Prostate Milking
Sibling Incest
Erotic Electrostimulation
Thunder and Lightning
Thor’s Lightning Powers
crawling
Praise Kink
Cock & Ball Torture
Men Crying
Impact Play
Riding Crops
belt
Communication
Size Difference
Fear Play
Speech Restrictions
Domination
Breath Control
smothering
Service Top
Alcohol
Drug Use
Sub Slut Tony Stark
Escort Steve Rogers
Prostitution
Shoes
Mummification
Ties
Financial Domination
Dom Melinda May
Sub Phil Coulson
Humiliation
Face-Sitting
Queening
Past PTSD Episode
PTSD Natasha
housewife fantasy
Kink Negotiation
Mdma
Implied/Referenced Rape/Non-con
Top Natasha Romanov
Bottom Clint Barton
Jewelry
Genital Piercing
Nipple Piercings
Accidental Stimulation
Colleagues to Lovers
Secret Crush
Power Imbalance
Frottage
Power Dynamics
Begging
Dom Steve Rogers
Sub Tony Stark
Bondage
Corset
Panties
One-Sided Attraction
Theft
Mentor Crush
Voyeurism
Objectification
Straight Serviced
Hand Job
interrogation kink
Safeword Use
Double Agents
Legs
exercise kink
Choking Kink
Choking
Gym Sex
Sadism
Masochism
CBT
Nantaimori
Subspace
Domme Hope Van Dyne
Sub Scott Lang
Water Sex
Underwater Blowjob
knickers
Nipple Play
Temperature Play
Ice Play

fandom: 
Leo Fitz/Jemma Simmons
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes/Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Bobbi Morse/Natasha Romanov
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Phil Coulson/Melinda May
Clint Barton/Laura Barton/Natasha Romanov
Leo Fitz/Grant Ward
Peggy Carter/Jemma Simmons
Clint Barton/Scott Lang
Bobbi Morse/Jemma Simmons
Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
James "Rhodey" Rhodes/Tony Stark

