Chapter 1: A Bad Feeling
    




Chapter Text

Punch. Punch. Duck. Kick.

Peter was getting good at his training - so good that he couldn’t convince himself he wasn’t at least decent anymore. If two years ago, someone had told him that he would be fighting Black Widow and Iron Patriot at the same time, he would never have believed it. If someone then had told him that he would be holding his own and not getting his ass kicked, he would have laughed.

But that was then. That was back when Peter was just a normal kid from Queens with glasses and funny T-shirts and everything else to match.

Now, since everything that had happened, Peter was different. He was used to being a hero. He was used to being around the Avengers. Life was … okay.

After Peter got memories back months ago, he had been focusing on training and studying, making sure he was good on all rounds. Time began to fly once Peter found himself busy], but according to his dad, that was just how it went.

It also helped that Peter and Tony had been getting along great. They had barely fought since they had worked on things together, save for a scuffle here or there when it came to who had the remote to control what movie they watched.

Everything was okay, and honestly, Peter was hoping it would stay that way. He was constantly ignoring the voice in the back of his head that was saying it wouldn’t be, which he hoped was just him being nervous that something would happen rather than a gut feeling that proved to have merit to it.

“Nice work, Pete.” Rhodey said, just as training ended for the day. They were up to about an hour of physical training a day. Peter could handle more, but Rhodey has insisted he couldn’t. Nat was there with Rhodey, but she would never admit that she couldn’t go for longer.

Ultimately, since Peter had been eating more, he had been feeling great, but he knew that most people couldn’t handle what he could these days, so he didn’t complain.

“Thanks Uncle Rhodey.” Peter replied to the praise, smiling at the man.

“Actually, it was all me.” Nat joked. “But seriously, you’re doing good. With that super strength of yours, I would hate to go against you.”

Peter knew that was a big compliment coming from Black Widow herself, so he smiled and thanked her. However, he was soon distracted by something in the corner of his eye.

Peter looked over and saw that Loki was watching them from the corner of the room. Normally, Loki didn’t show up anywhere unless he wanted something, or he was bored.

Luckily for Peter, Rhodey and Nat were tired for the day, and they began to leave and talk about dinner. As they walked out, Nat turned, and said, “Hey, kid, you coming?”

Peter glanced at Loki, and of course, Nat’s eyes followed his. Her facial expression didn’t reveal much, but she did cross her arms at seeing him.

“No, I’ll stay back.” Peter told her. “I need to see what Locust wants.”

“You do you.” Rhodey said, giving Peter a wary glance, before glancing at Nat. They both walked out soon after that.  

Most of the team was still hesitant around Loki, even if they didn’t outwardly hate him. Only Tony, Thor and Peter were comfortable enough to joke around with Loki. Everyone else didn’t always understand it.

However, Loki was proving to be attached to them, so he spent more time in the Tower. Once, Thor had pulled them aside, and told them that since their father had never given Loki attention as a child, he was attached to people as an adult. It made sense. Both Peter and Tony had grown used to Loki appearing whenever Thor was busy or out dealing with something on his own.

“Hey, man. What’s up?” Peter asked, jogging over to him.

“I do not approve of that nickname of me.” Loki said, getting right to the point.

“I know, but you don’t really get a say so. Once my dad gives you a nickname, it’s yours forever. I’m still working past kid.” Peter replied.

“Or Spider-baby.” Loki said.

“Don’t bring that one up.”

“Too late.” Loki said. “Continue to call me Locust and I will remind him of it.”

“You’re cruel.”

“I do my best.” Loki said, before adding. “So, Thor is out doing Odin knows what on a mission. I was thinking we could play that annoying game where you murder people.”

“Mario-Kart?” Peter asked.

“Yes, that’s the one.”

“Fine,” Peter said. He was glad Loki had not found games that had actual killing, “But you can’t tell my dad. If he finds out I played without him, he’ll call me a cheater, because he’s a sore loser.”

“I have no idea what that means.” Loki said, “But whatever it is, I agree with it. Can he not join us?”

“No, he’s working on my Iron Spider suit. It got hit with some electrocution last week and is currently fried, so he’s been trying to get it fixed.”

Peter remembered that day. Tony had been worried about him once his suit had stopped responding. Peter was fine, but the suit had locked up, and the only way for Peter to get out of it was by breaking it. He felt terrible because he knew the thing had to be expensive to m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
some violence
Iron Dad
spider son
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Angst
I Am Sorry
Some Fluff
Fluff
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Swearing
i am fucking serious
These people are going through a hard time
to be realistic
they are gonna swear a fuckton
just a heads up
i mean come on we wall saw 14 year old Peter in Civil War
Angst with a Happy Ending
I swear this will end happy
trust me guys

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

