Work Text:
A sudden yawn nearly cracked Peter's face in half and he flung a hand over his mouth trying to stifle it without any luck. He could almost hear Wade's grin at his side and he leaned hard into the mercenary with his elbow."Aw, what's wrong? Itsy bitsy spider can't hang with the big bugs?" Wade needled.The yawn finally subsided but on its heels came the immediate need to yawn again, and Peter furiously suppressed it. "Fuck no. I get like two hours of sleep a night," he said, stretching and wishing he didn't already feel so old."Well, it's certainly not harming your beauty, that's for sure," Wade said, and Peter forced his eyes open to find Wade had shifted to lay along the line of the rooftop ledge, full "draw me like one of your French girls" pose, only without the come-hither vibe. No, instead, as always, Peter felt like he had "EAT ME" sprinkled all over the lines of his costume."Enough from the peanut gallery," Peter snapped, his face feeling hot under his mask. He pulled his feet in from where they'd been dangling in empty space and spun around on the ledge they'd been post-patrol relaxing on to reach down and grab his backpack. "I'll catch ya later," he said as he stood and started to walk away."Sure thing, Spidey," Wade said from behind him. "Or- hmmm," his suddenly too-interested voice hummed, with just enough interest to almost make Peter stop and turn. But he was too tired all of a sudden and he just wanted to face-plant on his mattress. "Or should I say… Petey."Peter's entire body froze and flashed white-cold numb. It was his biggest fear, for someone to find out his secret identity. He felt like he'd fallen asleep on that rooftop ledge next to Deadpool and woken up in a nightmare. Except he knew it was real. He knew it in the way he knew his life was over, but worse, in that Aunt May's was too."Ohhh myyy goood, you're so adorable. You even take cute school photos. What grade are you in, Petey-pie?"Peter's whole body felt like an old house as he turned, his limbs creaking as he tried to get them to work. The infamous mercenary, Deadpool, the man Peter mostly trusted to watch his back while fighting crime but mostly didn't trust to know his secret identity, was holding Peter's wallet in his hands. His mask was still on, as it always was, but Peter could tell that he was intensely studying every aspect of the brown leather billfold Uncle Ben had given him for his birthday only a few months before he'd died."Wade," Peter croaked, taking a shaky step forward, feeling like his knees were about to buckle any second.Deadpool looked up and Peter felt frozen again, his stomach nauseous, his skin clammy-cold. Wade's mask was still rolled up from when they'd eaten a little bit ago and he was grinning from ear to ear, but it didn't make Peter as happy to see as it normally did. Instead, the normal little flutter in his chest was replaced with cold dread."Yeah, Petey?" he asked, and Peter felt like he was hearing the words through a tunnel."You can't- you can't tell anyone. Please." The words barely managed to get out his closed-up throat.Wade shrugged and flipped the billfold closed, keeping it in his hand as he leaned back on his hands. "I'm a merc, baby boy. Make me an offer."He felt like throwing up. "I- I can't. Wade, I don't- I haven't even a had a job yet." Peter was going to cry. Or freak the fuck out. Or both. He was barely keeping himself back from doing both right here and now. His chest felt tight and his breaths shallow, like the air was too thin. Maybe there just wasn't air anymore, a localized atmospheric anomaly right on this specific rooftop at this specific moment.The man cocked his head. "Your money's no good here anyway, baby boy. All you have to do to pay me off is give me a kiss."He started to shake his shake his head again, the stress like a crushing weight on his shoulders, when he realized what exactly Wade had said. He turned to look at him and Wade's grin had shrunk but it looked even sharper. He was watching Peter, almost expectantly."What did you say?""All you have to pay me to keep quiet about this juicy little secret is a kiss," Wade said cheerfully, as if Peter's world wasn't crumbling around him and barely being held in place by thin string."A kiss," Peter echoed. Wade nodded, and one panic started to fade only to be replaced by another. The only time he'd gotten a girl to talk to him was for school, nevermind dating one. He shook his head, "I've never-"Wade stood suddenly and it made Peter start and his words die on his tongue, but he was otherwise rooted to the ground as the older man approached him. Older and bigger. Peter was probably stronger, but Wade was Deadpool, an infamous mercenary with the muscles to prove it. He was wide and thick and Peter would never be able to acquire that body type and oh god he was standing in front of Peter, towering over him.There was a hand on his chest, sliding up to cup his throat, a thumb pushing his chin up. "Never been what, b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Canon Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Secret Identity
Identity Reveal
Blackmail
Coercion
Sexual Coercion
Adult Wade
Teen Peter
underage peter
Dubious Consent
Kissing
Semi-Public Sex
Hand Jobs
Anal
Anal Fingering
Top Wade
Bottom Peter
Anal Sex
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Prompt Fill
Spitefic

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

