Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Nick Fury was never one to mince words. He knew when a situation was fucked up beyond all belief."Should we tell them Commander Fury, sir?""Some people are better off not knowing that they were tortured, operated on, and god only knows what else by HYDRA," Fury said, looking at them. "Their memories of the ordeal…..the last seventy two hours, they're all gone.""They don't seem to remember anything; the last thing they remember is when the plane went down."Fury gruffly nodded."Let's hope it remains that way," Fury said, looking at the scientist. "Check them out and release them. Keep an eye on both of them. When HYDRA gets their hooks into you, it's a long road towards recovery."The agents nodded and there were gruff statements of reassurance. Fury hoped that sending two of his top agents, Richard and Mary Parker on a mission like that would not come back to bite SHIELD in the ass."We caught the HYDRA scientist in question sir, but he's not talking," one of the field agents said, poking her head out from behind the door."It would be one of many no doubt, and I'm certain we were damn lucky to get that one," Fury said, holding the file report that they had.Other than the fact that the Parkers had been captured, tortured for several days, experimented on, Fury could not find anything wrong with them. In fact, he found everything right with them, which made absolutely no sense whatsoever. They were healthier than they were during their last SHIELD physical.What were the ramifications of what they did?HYDRA had a game that they were playing but it was up to Fury to figure out what they were up to. And if he could not figure things out, there would be huge ramifications.That word resounded to Fury big time."Release them once you check them over one time and do everything you can to find even the slightest thing wrong," Fury said. If the Parkers were clean, then perhaps they were fortunate. Many SHIELD agents who had been captured by HYDRA were not."Yes, sir."Twenty years later, sixteen year old Peter Parker was about ready to enjoy what he hoped to be a nice quiet Saturday morning.He did get a text message from a friend of his, because there was something interesting that she wanted to show them. The young man made his way outside, feeling the nice breeze as he walked down a couple of blocks. It was one of those days where he was happy to be alive.Over the past thirteen years, Peter lived with his Aunt May and his Uncle Ben, that was the only kind of life that he remembered. He only knew that his parents died in an accident thirteen years ago. His memories of them were extremely faint, but that was the past.The young man made his way outside of OsCorp tower.He wondered how he was going to be able to get inside. The security must be something amazing to get through the door.The guard at the door wasn't the most attentive person in the world. It was early Saturday morning and he was not really in it all of the way.Peter watched the guard go off to get his cup of coffee."Psst, Peter."Peter spun around so fast that he nearly received whiplash. He saw someone waiting for him."Oh, hey Gwen….um are you supposed to…""Relax, it's okay, no one's here."Gwen Stacy walked forward, with a smile on her face, that was tainted with mischief. Her blonde hair hung down past her shoulder, with a black head band covering the top of her head. A black blouse buttoned up to cover her chest and she wore a white lab coat. Casually, she wore a pair of blue jeans, tight against her body. That gave Peter a nice view."They're working on something fascinating, it could change the world if they get it working for humans," Gwen said and Peter looked at her, with a surprised look. "Many diseases that are uncurable, they could be cured.""Well, you've been busy here, haven't you…"Gwen Stacy was two years older than Peter and kind of like a mentor. Sometimes a corruptive influence in some ways, the more that Peter knew about it. Her mother died at an extremely young age and her father was the Captain of the New York City Special Crimes Unit. He was never really around, so Gwen practically raised herself."Well what do you have to show me?" Peter asked and Gwen's lips curled into a bright smile, she grabbed Peter around the arm."Glad you asked," Gwen said, leading Peter there. "The OsCorp project started simple, injecting spiders with this super serum…""Spiders powered by super serum?" Peter asked, raising his eyebrow."Yes, by super serum," Gwen said with a smile. "Kind of like Captain America, only not really. That formula died with the original scientists. And companies and the government have been trying to duplicate that formula for years.""But they've not gotten close," Peter said, remembering how he read about that for years. She lead him down the restricted area."This is so cool right here, these spiders have been specially bred for the purpose of testing the formula," Gwen said, swiping her card through the door and m
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

freeform: 
Harems

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy

