Chapter 1: Thor Takes Action
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

Avengers - 2012.
Thor regrettably put the muzzle in his brother’s face. Loki’s most powerful weapon was his tongue after all and there were few ways to still it.
“Good evening, Mr. Odinson, I am JARVIS. Dr. Stark has kindly requested that you wait just two minutes more, he is, unfortunately, running a little late due to a business related issue.”
The demigod blinked at the voice in the ceiling, “Good evening, JARVIS. What matter of being are you?”
“I am an artificial intelligence, or AI created by Anthony Edward Stark at the age of twenty. My purpose is to learn and grow. My designation is to protect Anthony Stark PhD. I organize Sir’s schedule and protect his interests such as his physical, mental, emotional and business’ health.”
“Oh, I was unaware that Son of Stark was a jarl.”“That I was a what?”“Friend Anthony!” Tony had a very interesting expression at the chosen form of address and had no idea what to say. So in true Tony Stark style, he just went with the first thing that popped in his head.“Kinky.” And gestured towards a gagged and chained Loki that sent him back a very deadpan look with only his green eyes… wait, green? But he was distracted at the thunderous (eh, pun) laugh Thor let out.“Your mortal tales are very amusing, but the Asgardian royal family doesn’t partake in incest.”Tony raised an eyebrow at the very specific call but, “So… jarl?”“A noble warrior who owns and defends and rules a territory and its people in the king’s stead, a most honorable position.”The billionaire’s lips twitched a little at that and decided to play nice, “I don’t know about noble, but sure, the… Midgardian equivalent, I guess.” A smile was unwillingly let out at the… honestly, Golden Retriever-like beam he got from the demigod.Tony shook his arm a bit, drawing attention to the silver suitcase in his hand, Thor frowned, “Is that…”“The Tesseract all ready for FedEx.”“I do not understand.”“It’s…a very inefficient way of sending a package by mail, never mind that, big guy.” Tony looked around and his mind went blank for a blissful second before going on overdrive, oh, shit, “Ahm… Thor?”“Yes?”“Where is Loki’s Scepter?”~*~
 1.Thor forgot. 
From the corner of his eyes, Tony saw Loki roll his and it was taking everything he had not to do the same at Thor’s blank expression.“I… shall…retrieve it at once.” And he tried to smile.“Wasn’t that thing with Natashalie?”“Who?”“Grumpy redhead in the catsuit.”“…”“In a really tight, ‘Look at my big breasts and tiny waist’ catsuit.”“…”“… Uh…never noticed that there is so little to describe her. I don’t know if I should admire that spy-like quality of hers or just think she is that bland.”“I still do not know who Lady Natashalie is.”“…please call her that to her face, please?”~*~
 2.Thor made a deal with SHIELD. 
“Oh, with the warriors of SHIELD, as amends for Loki’s actions. I understand that my brother caused much destruction in your realm and he will be unable to face your justice as he faces Asgardian justice. So as a way to restitute, Midgardian shall have the weapon of its enemy.”“… you made a deal with SHIELD.”“Yes.”“With alien tech.”“Yes. Although as we speak, it occurs to me that I am unaware of where Loki acquired the Scepter.”“…the same Scepter that can mind control people.”“Yes.”“And the same tech that messed with our minds with just being in the same room as the Scepter.”“Yes.”“And has similar energy signature of the Tesseract.”“Yes.”“The same Tesseract that attracted whoever sent Loki here on Ear… Midgard.”Thor blinked, “It does make more sense that Loki was not acting alone. Where could he have found the Chitauri? But yes.” This time it was said with hesitation.“So… tech that could attract other…hostiles to Midgard.”“…”“And that, not two days ago, you said that it was power that we, humans, shouldn’t be…working with.”“…”“…what did SHIELD say to you again? ‘Cause… no one really recognizes SHIELD as…uh…honorable.”“I beg your pardon?”“Well, yes. No… uh… people of Midgard knows that they exist, SHIELD has no authority to grant lenience to Loki or to make bargains in Ear- Midgard’s stead. Also… don’t you think it’s strange? Yesterday you were saying that it was alien tech that attracted war to our world and SHIELD convinces you to leave alien tech just after a fight ends?”“THOSE LIARS! DISHONORABLE! TRAITORS…”~*~
 3. SHIELD says it’s “missing” (And Thor "remembers" or makes a deal with SHIELD or not). 
“We don’t know where it is. In the confusion of the aftermath, it went missing.”Tony stared, completely unimpressed, at the gaggle of people that met them for this. Fury, Hill, Natashalie and Barton. For some reason that Tony still didn’t understand, they also called Rogers and Bruce for this… for reasons. Rogers looked confused and Bruce looked like he was nursing a headache.“So…not only you missed Loki’s main weapon, you are also telling me that you are 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Steve Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Moderated because of trolls that don't read or heed the tags
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
