Chapter 1: The Beginning
    




Chapter Text
 The creatures were almost invisible to the human eye, yet they held a shimmer around themselves that even a human being would have caught. That should have been his first warning. But to an exhausted billionaire who had just been up all night with less than three hours of sleep, this was easily missed. When they attacked, Tony had been about to doze off into a deep sleep, the effects of the caffeine having finally worn off on him. What are you? He thought, startled and groggily annoyed. For a second, he thought they were just a figment of his imagination. But nothing could have held him down the way these creatures had. They were fast and took him by surprise, giving him no time to call for help.  
“Jarvis-!” 
 That was as far as he could go before they gagged him, smothering him to the ground. He kicked and screamed, biting into the gag until he felt a sharp prick on his neck. As soon as he realized what it was, Tony knew it was too late. He felt his body sag and go limp, his mind the only thing screaming to fight. His captors glimmered like a shimmering hologram before him and he glared up at them.  
Jarv, buddy, you’re my only hope now!
 “Sir, I detect a foreign substance administered to your blood. The Avengers have been notified of this and have been called to help you now. Please stand by. Protocol Hostile initiating now." 
Good boy! 
 Tony internally smirked as he heard Jarvis say the last words. He had expected intruders in his home more times than he can count - especially after the incident with the Chitauri army, it was only normal that he had something like this up his sleeve. He just enhanced it a bit more. Still, this did make him wonder how the creatures were able to get into his security systems undetected though in the first place. But he'll be able to find that out later - once he caught them, which the Protocol will do for him.  Suddenly, there was a high pitched noise as Tony heard it first hand. He wished he could move his hands to shut it out, trying desperately to move them but he failed. The sound was frightening, the kind you would never like to hear again. It was as if something was being hideously murdered.  All the lights went out as Tony felt the piercing shriek fade abruptly as it started. What the fuck just happened? "All systems failure, Protocol Hostile delayed. Restoration in 50 minutes." Jarvis's voice sounded, and Tony felt it sink in with dread. The creatures had just single-handedly hacked into his system. What are you? Tony thought with growing anger. Panic was there too, but he wasn’t too sure what do with it yet. He had banked on Jarvis helping him out here, and the fact that his kidnapping wasn't going to be stalled slowly started to sink in now. Jarvis called the team, Tony reminded himself as he felt his body being hoisted up roughly within the creature's claws. He could smell a sick scent of lavender from the creatures, which made him unnerved. He tried again to move his body, and he felt his finger twitch in response, but everything else was immobilized. His vision focused as he saw the creatures bring him closer towards some sort of capsule. It was an oval shaped prison, containing a liquid substance that shimmered inside of its contents. If he wasn't about to be dumped into it, Tony would have been pretty fascinated it. His eyes widened, that sense of panic now flushing through him. Desperate, he tried to move his body again, failing miserably. But he tried again, even as the capsule drew nearer. 
Once I go in, I'll never get out! I can't---
 Tony could make no sound as he saw the capsules doors slither open and the claws pushed his paralyzed body inside. The liquid was cold, chilling as he felt it embrace him. A silent scream echoed within him as the doors to the capsule sealed over him with a hiss and his body was submerged fully.  Tony wanted more than ever to escape and punch his way out of this mess, but his body did nothing. He floated like a stone as his insides filled from his nose, overtaking him as it washed down his throat. Tony coughed, his body finally responding as his natural reflexes kicked in but he was unable to resist the overpowering liquid as he swallowed it. Soon though, he found that instead of choking on the liquid, he was able to breathe normally and the pain quickly subsided.  As he felt his body stabilize, Tony saw the shimmer of the Creatures move as the capsule he was trapped in was being relocated. 
Why are you here to kidnap me? 
 Tony watched intensely as the capsule floated and followed the Creatures. He saw them move him into an alien ship, also invisible to the human eye, until he was inside. The surroundings were all dark, and he couldn’t see anything for a moment until Tony found the capsule being inserted into the wall, his captors now nowhere to be found. He heard a sharp hiss as the contraption above his head clipped his capsule into place. Light poured in and Tony blinked, 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel)/Original Male Character(s)

freeform: 
Rape/Non-con Elements
Torture
Anal Sex
Mind Control
Kidnapping
Angst
Captivity
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Pregnancy
Mpreg

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel)/Original Male Character(s)

