Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Stephen set his tea down, looking at Tony curiously. When he didn’t do anything, Tony asked, “Well? Can you do that?”Stephen shrugged casually, considering. “It’s possible, though I’ve never done anything like that. But I’m surprised you came to me.”“Who else could I go to? You’re the only wizard I know.” Well, technically he knew Wong. But he didn’t trust him, not really. Stephen was with him on Titan, fought Thanos with him. Even if there was someone else who could help him with this, he didn’t think he would let them.Stephen gave a little half-smile. “Just let me check the library.” Without waiting for a response, Stephen left, portaling away.“Okay . . .” Tony said awkwardly. Quickly bored, he started to look around. He’d been in the sanctum before of course, but he’d been kind of preoccupied with the whole impending doom thing. For the first time, he let himself really  look  at the place. There was nothing in the entry room that immediately stood out as strange — even the relics could pass as decorations — but the entire building had a weird, otherworldly feel that belonged more to a movie than real life.Before he could touch anything, Stephen reappeared behind him, tapping his shoulder. “Jesus,” Tony said, whipping around. “Warn me next time.”“I do what I want,” Stephen said casually, flipping through the book he was holding. “I think this will work.”He held open the book for Tony to see. Not that it was very helpful— “Yes, I also am fluent in scribbles.”Stephen rolled his eyes. “It’s in Sanskrit,” he explained. “Very old, but I think it’s what you need.” One of the book’s pages showed an image of a human brain inside a skull with curling symbols drawn around it. Stephen drew his scarred, shaking fingers over the pictures. “We’ll need to form a temporary psychic bond—”Tony cut him off. “What? The whole point of this is that I  don’t  want anyone in my head!”“I know,” Stephen said, seeming surprisingly patient. “But I need to enter your mind to place the barrier. There are other spells, but they’re weak in comparison. This one will keep anyone or anything from getting in your head. No mind-reading, no— no visions.”Tony winced, remembering what Wanda made him see.  Fuck, was that really so long ago?  It felt like days. “Fine. If you think this is the best way, then let’s just get it over with.”“Tony,” Stephen said, closing the book, “if you’re uncomfortable—”“Trust me, I’ll feel better once it’s done. Let’s just . . . c’mon.”Stephen clearly wasn’t happy, but he lead Tony to an empty room nearby. He pulled the curtains over the windows, leaving only a dim lamp for light. “Sit down,” he said, gesturing to a rug in the center of the floor. Tony obeyed warily, watching the sorcerer move. He didn’t have the cloak, but he was still wearing his blue robes. He sat down in front of Tony, crossing his legs.Tony tried for a smile. “What? No candles, creepy symbols, cursed necklaces . . .”Stephen shook his head, fighting a grin. “I hate to disappoint you, but this particular spell only requires my magic. Although I can light some candles if you want. Set the mood.”“Maybe later. So, what now?”“We need to establish a mental bond. Once we do, I can enter your mind and form the barrier.” He held up his hands. “May I?”Tony nodded jerkily, growing increasingly uneasy at the thought of another person in his head. “Yeah. Go ahead.”Stephen reached forward, gentle pressing his fingers against Tony’s temples. “Be gentle,” Tony said, trying to lighten the mood. “It’s my first time.”Stephen laughed. “I’ll be careful.” He closed his eyes, concentrating. Tony followed suit.For a moment, there was nothing. Then he felt it. A sort of pressure in the back of his mind. A presence.Tony jerked, raising his hands to Stephen’s arms. “What—”“It’s alright, it’s just me.” Tony could feel it, feel  him, in his mind, growing. It moved around, blending into his own mind. It was . . . calm. Quiet. Steady.Tony tried to control his breathing, reminding himself that Stephen was there to help and wouldn’t hurt him. But that became harder to remember as the presence became sharper, entangling in his thoughts. He was a child, looking up at his mother; a teenager, laughing with Rhodey; a child again, listening to a stranger tell him his parents were dead; an adult, drowning himself in a bottle of whiskey; a prisoner, choking on dirty water and screaming from the pain in his chest—Tony panicked, his heart racing as he clawed as Stephen’s arms. “Stop—” He choked on air. He couldn’t see, couldn’t  think.“Tony, calm down,” Stephen said, his own panic leaking into his words. “You’re having a panic attack, I need to cut the bond—” His voice broke off. Tony realized he was screaming. “Tony!”Then the world went black.  It took a minute for Tony to realize he was awake. There was something covering his eyes, and his arms were being held down. Or he thought they were. They were just tucked in tightly.  So . . . bed, Tony thought, stil
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Psychic Bond
mindmeld
wong and rhodey are so done with their white boys

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

