Chapter 1: Chapter One
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The mechanic stared slack-jawed as Stephen’s head bowed in sorrow, bracing himself to watch his newfound ally fade away just as the others had. Except that he didn’t.The relief of the Doctor’s continuing solidity was short-lived;“Mr. Stark?” Came from behind his back, and if Tony hadn’t recognized the overly formal title- spoken so often by the same voice in awe- he’d recognize anywhere the gasping breaths that followed as those that haunted his dreams. “I don’t feel so good.”“You’re alright.” He spoke, wanting, needing to believe it.“I don’t know- I don’t know what’s happening…” Peter didn’t, but he did, “I don’t understand…” Tony understood, but God he wished he didn’t.Pete fell bonelessly into his arms and it was all he could do to try and keep the kid upright as he clutched with  too little  strength. Peter had super-strength, yet his grip was as fragile as a child’s- as fragile as the child that he was underneath it all.“I don’t wanna go, I don’t wanna go…” he begged, “Sir please,”Pete never called him Sir, not after that first time when he had been so absorbed in his work it had caught him off guard and had him flinching back before he caught himself, stuck on the memories of years gone by. Peter had never asked about it, but he had never called him Sir again, not even by accident.“Please, I don’t wanna go…” the young hero’s voice finally broke along with Tony’s own composure, “I don’t wanna go…” his knees buckled, but he managed awkwardly to get Peter’s body horizontal gently as he could.He was still holding the kid- he didn’t dare let him go- when their eyes met, both brimming with unshed tears. “I’m sorry,” Peter whispered, always apologizing, forever fearing rejection, even in his final moments.And then he was gone. The foreign wind picking up parts of his remains and spiraling them off unto parts unknown. He was gone.—The silence was deafening in its implications, only broken shortly by a choked sob. It took a moment for Tony to recognize it as his own.He was clutching both hands before his mouth, an aborted gesture to cover the show of emotion by the blood and ashes that still coated them. All that remained of the  bright young boy  who had followed  him into space,The  child  who  he  encouraged,The  innocent kid  that  Tony failed to save—“Stark. You need to calm down,” Stephen said carefully from beside him.Coming from anyone else, anytime else, he would have snarked back, shot down such a condescending request. Yet, as Strange helped him to regulate his breathing from what he belatedly realized was the start of an attack, he found himself grateful for the sorcerer.Grateful for the hand on his back rubbing soothing circles, reminding him he wasn’t alone.“-if you two are done.”Tony startled at the impatient tone from the alien woman- Nebula, he’d heard Quill call her- and straightened himself, inexplicably glad when Strange stayed near. There was something oddly familiar about the former neurosurgeon that put his tense nerves to rest and while the robot-lady represented another example of company, he would readily admit he didn’t find her nearly as comforting a presence as the one at his back.It was an aspect he’d have to revisit when he didn’t have that same alien barking in his ear to get a move on—“If we don’t discover where my sister’s idiot friends set down their ship by nightfall you two will die here with the rest of them.” She continued, seemingly oblivious to her own voice breaking mid-sentence.In response, Tony gestured towards the horizon where he was now able to recognize the bleeding colours in the sky as a sunset, though he took a moment to find his voice.“There- that way. We ran into the Guardians over there.” His own voice was broken from the beginning, but it seemed Nebula was willing to overlook his weakness as easily as her own, turning on a heel and marching off without a second glance.He took one last lingering look around at the swirling ashes, indistinct now as the wind picked up, before taking a breath and setting off, Strange hot on his heels.—The foreign sun was just dropping below the horizon when they spotted the ship.Tony had started shivering some time ago - bad blood circulation the cheery culprit - but even as he thought he noticed the temperature dip another degree below freezing the genius felt something warm and heavy drape itself across his back. Too tired to startle at the sudden contact he let it settle, once it had, letting his head turn slightly he confirmed, it was Strange’s cloak, the man himself looking vaguely vulnerable without it.Having said that, any thoughts of handing the thing back were shut down when it tightened itself imperceptibly around his shoulders, making him add psychic to the garments already long list of abilities.They had reached the ship while all this was happening and he watched detachedly as the alien confirmed her
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony-centric
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Civil War Team Iron Man
Canonical Character Death
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
Fluff and Angst
But mostly angst
Flirting
Banter
although with these two those things are one and the same
who am I kidding this is pure fluff

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Stephen Strange

