Chapter 1: I Came In Like A
    




Chapter Text
He adjusts the collar on his suit, looking to the photographers on the staircase outside with a practiced smile, before retaking the arm of his john for the night, “The Next Big Thing in Tech” Austin Robertson. The tall yet weaselly redhead wasn’t old like most of Bucky’s other clients, but was just as grabby, and was disgustingly heavy handed with the cologne. He was also looking to sell his extremely successful startup to the highest bidder, hence why they were here at the “Next in Tech” black tie networking event, where tech giants compete with each other to snap up the latest and greatest in new talent.They stop so a few news reporters can shove microphones in Robertson’s face, and Robertson laughs a throaty high pitch laugh before saying, “One at a time, one at a time! How about you with the pretty face, what do you have for me doll?”Bucky’s pretty sure he hates this guy, and it’s only been an hour since Robertson sent him the tux and picked him up in the ostentatious white limousine. But he makes the big bucks by faking it, so he smiles and gazes at Robertson like the sun shines from his ass crack as the reporter jumps in with her question.Robertson is truly a smart guy, he has to admit. He did some research on him before he left his apartment, his algorithm for storage compression is almost too good to be true; no one has gotten at all close to replicating his results, and Bucky’s sure half the companies here were drooling over themselves to get a taste of this guy. Stark seems to have laid a pretty strong claim on him already though, if Robertson’s endless bragging is anything to go by. Either way, Bucky’s pretty sure it’s going to be an easy thousand or so dollars for the few hours, plus he’s hoping he can get Robertson to let him keep the tux.An hour and a half later finds Bucky leaning over the bar desperately flagging down the bartender for whiskey, neat, and make it a double please. As it turned out, Robertson was a disgusting human being. For starters, he leers at every woman that passes by like he was trying to prove something, yet hooks his arm into Bucky’s in some parody of dominance when another man so much as glances his way. He’s got clear issues with his homosexuality that Bucky is not getting paid enough to deal with.What’s worse, is he definitely implied that Pepper Potts only got her job by banging Tony Stark, which isn’t a good thing to think in general, but is really not a good thing to say when Tony Stark is actually here, and is a downright terrible idea to say when the guy is trying to buy your company.But what really set him over the edge? When Robertson snickers with another very much white male over the fact one companies that sent him an offer was led by an African American, except they very much did not use the words “African American” when referring to him.Bucky nearly lost his shit at that one, asking through gritted teeth if he wanted Austin to grab him something from the bar. Austin peeled him off a hundred before turning back to white male #2, and Bucky hopes he keeps him busy for a whileThe bartender comes back with his scotch, and Bucky’s debating on just shooting it when suddenly he notices he’s leaning directly next to the one and only Tony Stark himself.Bucky’s breath catches a bit as he trails his eyes down Tony’s body, taking in the relaxed yet powerful stance, the lightly striped suit without a single crease, the glass of whiskey in his right hand and the holographic keyboard he’s typing in on his left. Bucky watches as he takes a sip without so much as pausing his typing on the keyboard.Bucky lets himself wonder what it would be like to taste, just for a second.He adjusts himself discreetly in his pants, and is searching for something to break the ice when he suddenly hatches a brilliant plan. He probably won’t get his money from Robertson tonight but maybe he can get something else…He shoots the whiskey, placing it down on the bar, and smooths his hair once over with his hand. Then, turning, he says,“Pardon me, Mr. Stark, do you have a moment?” Bucky puts on his best polite bullshit smile.“Finally built up your courage kid? You get, say, half a moment to prove to me you’re worth my time.” He hasn’t even looked up from his keyboard, still typing impressively fast into a floating screen.Bucky continues, unperturbed. “You should reconsider your relationship with Austin Robertson, the man with—”“The one with the kickass compression algorithm that can triple the amount of already existing space on any computer, which is useful for virtually every industry and is on track to make its first billion? It better be a damn good reason, and you have, at most, an eighth of a moment left with me before your yesterday’s lunch.”“Because he’s a sexist, and a racist, and he referred to your CEO as a whore.” Bucky blurts.Tony’s eyes snapped up, typing paused.Bucky continues, “And I’m hoping you are the kinda guy that cares about 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dom/sub Undertones
Dom Tony Stark
Sub Bucky Barnes
Modern Bucky Barnes
Iron Man 3
Post-Avengers (2012)
Limousine Sex
Blow Jobs
Dirty Talk
Hair-pulling
Spanking
Exhibitionism
Begging
Aftercare
Light BDSM
Mildly Dubious Consent
Anal Sex
Humiliation
Bondage
Power Dynamics
Rimming
Subspace
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon Divergence - Post-Avengers (2012)
smart bucky barnes
(why isn't that a tag)
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
and makes her own vodka
Team Bonding
Everyone Has Issues
but it works out
where the heck is thor
Nightmares
Angry Steve Rogers
in general ok he's depressed
Deaf Clint Barton
a mix between matt fraction barton and mcu barton
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Sugar Daddy Tony Stark
things are NOT what they seem ohho

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

