Work Text:
Tony panted, whining lowly and shuddering where he was braced, as inch by inch of an Alpha cock pushed into him. It ached and burned, thicker than any Alpha he’d taken before, in all the best ways. His face flushed darkly with arousal, something warm and coiling burning in his gut, as his fingers curled.Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck.“There you are, darlin’.” Bucky’s voice was rough, Brooklyn saturating every aspect of Bucky’s accent, the further the Alpha’s cock pushed in and filled him up.Tony wondered if Bucky had always been this blessed or if the serum had given the super soldier a gift. Either way Tony always enjoyed himself and considering the way Bucky seemed to get lost in him there wasn’t a question that Bucky enjoyed himself too.“They all wish you were theirs.” Bucky breathed the words out with dark satisfaction, the pleasure of it more than obvious, as he bottomed out with a deeply pleased groan. “Wish you were moaning for them, ready to take their knot and accept their claim.”He wasn’t going to pay anyone else any kind of mind. It was impossible to do so anyway when Bucky was practically draped over him, possessively wrapped around him and filling him up, while Tony trembled with building desperation.The teasing had been torture and now, his body practically screaming, he wanted to get to the main event. Bucky had thoroughly enjoyed himself before witnesses started filling up the room and Tony had been on the verge of begging when the sound of the door opening had caught his attention.It was Howard’s stupid fucking stipulation that there would be witnesses to his claiming to prevent any kind of ‘questionable claim’. He didn’t think the SI board needed to watch him nor several of SI’s corporate officers and the heads of SI’s legal team. That seemed like overkill to the extreme.Part of Tony wondered if this was how Omega porn stars felt being fucked in front of a camera crew and whoever else was on the set watching.Regardless of his feelings on the whole thing this was the stipulation in place and Tony wasn’t giving up all of his hard work over modesty. There was far too much good he could do with SI and the projects he had in the works. Besides giving up was not his thing and he wasn’t going to start now.A glance at the room of Alphas watching had him thinking on Bucky’s comment. He didn’t doubt Bucky’s words. Every last one of them, except Pepper, wished they were in Bucky’s position if only for the power being Tony Stark’s Alpha would afford them. Enough of them were pissed about an Omega owning SI but the hope that they would be the one to put a mating bite on his bonding gland had probably helped to stay their tongues.Slowly Bucky rolled his hips back, moaning his appreciation loudly, before fucking back in with a grunt that had Tony unable to swallow a groan. That had nailed his prostate. He practically rose up on his toes, back bowing and eyes sliding closed at the glorious sensation.“Let them see just what they’re missing…what they can’t and will never have.” Bucky moved away from where he’d been whispering in Tony’s ear, hands settling on Tony’s hips, before Tony’s soon-to-be-mate started fucking.To say that Bucky had a talent when it came to sex would be an understatement.The second Bucky noticed that he was nailing Tony’s prostate the Alpha focused on that spot, hammering into Tony and sending pleasure burning through him in an all-consuming wave that made Tony want to sob.Bucky’s metal hand came up, just out of view, to idly stroke against Tony’s flank in a way that was completely at odds with the way he was pumping his hips forward. The sounds of skin smacking skin, the wet glide of Bucky moving through Tony’s slick, echoed in the room along with moans that Tony was pretty sure could have given that porn star he’d been thinking about earlier a run for their money.He didn’t mind letting every last one of these voyeurs know how much he enjoyed taking Bucky’s cock.Tony was the wealthiest Omega on the planet, in the history of Earth. He was powerful, intelligent, creative, innovative and one of Earth’s defenders. All of that, everything an Omega wasn’t supposed to be, and he had no problem shoving his status in their orientationist faces. He wasn’t going to sit around at an Alpha’s beck and call, wasn’t going to sweetly submit to the ‘stronger orientation’ and he sure as fuck wasn’t going to give up Iron Man like Tony knew Alphas thought he should.He could be an Omega, a claimed Omega and still leave everyone else in his dust.So he moaned, shoved back into Bucky and let everyone there know exactly how much he was enjoying Bucky fucking him. It was sure to scandalize one of the board members considering they were always the ones looking at him in disapproval.But at the feeling of Bucky’s knot catching on his rim all thought seemed to disappear. Instead pleasure twisted hotly inside of him, knotting up and tightening, as Bucky rutted up against him and his knot slipped inside.It 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Omega Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
alpha bucky
Top Bucky Barnes
Public Sex
Voyeurism
Exhibitionism
Mating Bites
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Public Claiming
Smut
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Size Kink
Extremis Tony Stark
Biting
Bonding
Possessive Bucky Barnes
Possessive Tony Stark
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Butt Plugs
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

