Chapter 1: Living Room
    




Chapter Text
“Hey, Mister Stark?” Peter stepped into the living room while peering intently at the mess of wires and metal plates in his hands. “I think I found the problem, one of the couplings needs to be half a size bigger to better handle the charge, but I don’t really want to mess with it before I get your-” He finally looked up, and froze. “-opinion?”Steve Rogers stood in the middle of the room, staring at him.“Uh. Hi?”“Hello,” the super-soldier-war-hero-Avenger-turned-fugitive said warily.“...I thought Mister Stark was in here?”“He was.” Captain Rogers nodded towards the far door. “He and Black Widow stepped out for a moment.”“Oh. Um. I- I can totally come back later-”“It’s, okay,” the captain interrupted, looking about as unsure as Peter felt. “Are you...?”“I’m Peter! I, uh, intern! I do, interny, things, for Mister Stark.”“Uh-huh.” Skin itching at the close scrutiny he was under, Peter carefully stepped forward to set the disassembled device down on the coffee table before he accidentally squeezed. Captain Rogers gave it an odd look, leaning away a little bit.“That’s not going to explode or anything, is it?” He asked.Peter huffed. “No. It’s not even connected to a power source right now.”“Said with all the confidence of someone who’s never had an unplugged Stark Blender blow up in their face.” Peter blinked at the man’s dry tone, then unsuccessfully tried to muffle a snort. “You think I’m kidding? Ask Tony, he was standing on the other side of the kitchen when it happened.”“Please tell me it was a loaded blender.”Captain Rogers smirked. “Chopped fruit, ice, and milk. Thor wanted to try homemade smoothies.”Peter couldn’t help but snicker. “Wow. Just- wow. I guess some of the stories I see online about you guys in the old days weren’t so unbelievable.”“Five years ago does not count as ‘old days,’ trust me.”“It does to me! Dude, I was ten when the Avengers first came together - you all were the defining cultural phenomenon for half my generation as pre-teens.”“Now that is a scary thought.” The two of them grinned at each other, before the captain suddenly coughed and Peter remembered he was supposed to be feeling uncomfortable.“So, uh, can I get you anything? Mister Stark keeps saying interns are supposed to make coffee and snack runs, which I can totally do, even if he always ends up coming with me to fix real food. Which, I really appreciate, ‘cause if I don’t eat before leaving here I’m usually starving by the time I get back to Queens.” Aware that he was rambling, Peter quickly clamped his jaw shut.Captain Rogers blinked, his head tilting to one side. “I’m good, but thank you.”“Okay. Well, then, I uh, I’m gonna head back to the main lab - if, if things go well, and you guys finish up without, y’know, breaking anything, can you tell Mister Stark?”“Sure thing.”“Thanks.” Peter scooped his device back up and started to head out the way he’d come, only to pause in the doorway. “...you better not hurt him again.”From the corner of his eye, he could see the captain’s head snap up to stare at him. After a moment of weighted silence, he finally spoke. “I don’t plan to.”“Good.” With that, Peter fled for the safety of the lab.An hour later, his mentor wandered in, holding two plates of Eggo waffles and mini sausage links. “Hey kid. Breakfast for dinner alright with you?”“Sure!” Peter hurried to tidy up his workbench before joining Tony at the tale reserved solely for quick meals and cat naps. “How’d your, uh, your thing go?”The man smiled wanly, reaching over to ruffle Peter’s hair. “Went fine. Might have some more people back in the Compound by the end of the month.”“Okay, cool! That is, cool, right?”“It’s cool. So cool it’s chill, but not so much we’re icy - I think I’d settle for saying we’re at condensation rather than frost...” Peter thumped his head down onto the table, causing Tony to chuckle.“So, one of the couplers needs to a half-size bigger, huh?”“Yeah, I think so - I’ll show you in a minute, but I think there needs to be a bigger gap for the electrodes...”As Peter went on with his explanation, he remained unaware of the two sets of eyes watching him and his mentor through the lab’s observation window.“...He’s the mystery guy Tony brought to Germany, isn’t he? The Spider kid from Queens.”“Mm-hm. Tony needed an extra set of hands. I don’t think he was expecting to get all this too.”Steve shot Natasha a glance, easily taking in her fond smile. “Will he get along with the others, you think?”“He got along with you with barely any effort. Trust me, Peter won’t even need ten minutes before Barnes and Wilson are delighted with him, and the others will barely take fifteen.”“We’re going to have to be careful about introducing them, though.”“More careful than Peter getting blindsided by walking into the living room, yeah.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
More characters to be added
Five Plus One
Avengers Family
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
and Peter is more than happy to oblige
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Happy AU
I reject your reality and substitute my own
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Science Bros
Bruce is now a Science Uncle
Family Shenanigans

fandom: 
None
