Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“So Tony, what would you like to talk about?”The automatic answer of ‘nothing’ rose to Tony’s lips; he swallowed it back with difficulty, meeting the eyes of Dr. Sasha Hearn. She was an older woman in her late fifties, with dark hair and skin. Normally Tony had no problem with eye contact, but right now it was just too much. He dropped his gaze, staring instead at the gold medallion she was wearing around her neck. The flat gold disc was inscribed with something, probably a name.“I don’t know,” he settled on finally. Psychiatrists made him uncomfortable. They always had. A big part of him didn’t want to be here. This was Coulson’s idea; he’d insisted that all of the remaining Avengers, as well as any new potential members, undergo at least half a dozen therapy sessions. Sasha Hearn had retired from SHIELD to open a private practice. She’d already been through every background test imaginable, and not even FRIDAY had been able to dig anything untoward up. She was, as far as they could tell, clean.Hearn smiled at him. “Why don’t you tell me a little bit about what’s been happening over the past week or so?”She’d been briefed on the whole mess, so Tony didn’t bother with explaining names. He launched straight into it. “Well, Bruce is still here. I’m surprised, to be honest. I still haven’t been able to talk to him about what happened. Every time I start to talk, he hulks out. I’m getting tired of trying.” He paused, a little surprised by that, before continuing. “I haven’t talked to Bucky in over two weeks. He runs away whenever he sees me and I can’t blame him. I’d be pissed too. He also runs away when Rhodey comes around, but I think that’s more out of self preservation. Rhodey’s pretty angry. He feels guilty. He’s the one who should be talking to you, not me.”“I’ve been asked to set up sessions with everyone in the tower,” Hearn told him. “But right now, this time is devoted to you. What else?”Tony thought about it. “Steve keeps trying to call me. I haven’t answered the phone.”“Why not?”“I don’t – I don’t want to talk to him,” Tony said quietly, staring down at his hands now. Every time he thought about Steve Rogers, he was torn between strong feelings of nausea and rage. It had gotten to the point where he’d asked FRIDAY to block Steve’s calls, but he knew they were still happening. Steve was too stubborn to give up that easily.“You don’t have to talk to him,” Hearn said. “What?” Tony said, surprised.“You don’t have to talk to him if you don’t want to. You don’t owe him anything.”“I…” Tony trailed off, blinking. “I thought you’d tell me I had to forgive him for my own health or some bullshit like that.” He’d been told that enough times in his life that it was engrained in him by now.“In our line of work, that’s not always possible,” Hearn replied. “In an ideal world, no one person could hurt us badly enough that we could never forgive or forget. Unfortunately, as I’m sure you’ve realized, we don’t live in an ideal world. Going into this with the ultimate goal of being able to forgive is unrealistic. You may never get to that point. But, for your sake, I would like to help you get to a point where you can live with what happened, and where it won’t consume your waking thoughts.”He looked at her for a long moment, absorbing what she’d said. “Steve wasn’t the only one,” he said.Hearn nodded. “I know. We have time. I’m willing to be here as long as someone needs me, whether that means weeks, months, or years.” She leaned back in her chair and crossed one leg over the other. “Right now, I’m here to help you. Since you said you don’t know where to begin, would you like to start at the beginning?”The beginning. Howard. Obie. Afghanistan. Tony licked his suddenly dry lips. In the span of everything that happened, Stane’s betrayal should’ve seemed miniscule. It wasn’t. It was still hard to talk about, but, he realized, it might be a little easier than talking about Wanda or Steve or Bucky or Rhodey or Bruce in detail. And, even though Hearn had been briefed, it would probably help if she had some of the more personal details to build on.“My father pretty much built Stark Industries from the ground up. He was a prolific weapons engineer. I’m sure you know about his involvement in the supersoldier serum,” Tony said. At Hearn’s nod, he continued, “People tell me that he changed after Captain America crashed in the ice. He became obsessed. He spent large parts of my childhood scouring the Arctic trying to find the crash site. Every time he came back, it was like he got worse.”“Worse how?” Hearn asked.These were things Tony had never said out loud. He didn’t know if he was comfortable enough with Hearn to really discuss it. But at the same time, Coulson had made it clear that the therapy wasn’t really optional – and Tony was sick of the nightmares, the panic attacks, the constant sense that the world was falling apart, the feeling that the people in his life were just waiting to betray him. It
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Ignores Civil War
ignores infinity war
talk of brainwashing
Talk of Mind Control
Psychological issues
Therapy
SO MUCH THERAPY
therapy for everyone
author is not a psychologist
author is not a therapist
handwavy psychology
though I'm trying to be realistic
Not Wanda Friendly
very wanda critical
tony stark is a good person
Tony Stark Has A Heart
The New Avengers - Freeform
Communication
imagine that people actually talking about their feelings
Minor Original Character
why are there no therapists in the MCU
what a gross oversight
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
dealing with bad things
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Rhodey Needs a Hug
Angst and Feels
never fear i will take care of my boys

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark

