Chapter 1: Baby Girl's Prologue
    




Chapter Text
When Tony Stark looks to his left and sees a Stark missile, armed and seconds from killing him, he doesn’t think his life can get any weirder, any more shocking.
He’s wrong.
The world—destiny, fate, God, what-the-fuck-ever—sure does love to fuck with him.
*
The terrorists drag him and Yinsen out of the cave, into blinding sunlight. Their entire camp is filled with Stark weapons, brimming with the products of Tony’s two hands. It takes every ounce of his control to keep his knees from buckling with the sudden weight of realization and innocent lives lost.
Their leader asks him to build him a Jericho, promises to let him go.
Tony shakes his hand, agrees with a private acknowledgement of impending death with Yinsen. One of the terrorists hands the one he’s dealt with—Bakaar?—a box, locked with a heavy duty iron lock. It looks like an old chest, heavy and protected, with metal rivets and dark wood. And then, he begins to speak, and Yinsen carefully translates.
“We have an artifact of great value,” he says, as the box is unlocked. “Because you are who you are, Mr. Stark, we know you can aid us. We…” even Yinsen falls quiet as Bakaar opens the chest and reveals a rock in the shape of an egg nestled amongst thick cloth. It’s the color of honeyed amber, iridescent in the Afghan sun, shifting into tones of bronze and green between the scaly nooks. It looks like an intricately carved stone and is about the size of an oblong volleyball.
Tony blinks at it.
“We…require your aid in hatching this dragon of ours,” Yinsen continues, quietly, staring at the egg with awe in his voice. “Break this creature free, and you shall earn your freedom as well.”
Tony looks up. Swallows. He accepts the egg with quivering hands. “Sure thing,” he says, with a taut, splintering smile.
When they’re back in their makeshift workshop, staring at the egg from under one of two lamps they have, Yinsen asks him, “Do you know how to hatch a dragon?”
“Absolutely not,” Tony replies. “I studied engineering, not fucking dragons.”
“Wonderful,” Yinsen replies.
*
Here’s the thing.
Earth has known dragons since before fish crawled out of the oceans, squalling onto green land. They were creatures of magic, something that ancient civilizations worshiped and feared in equal measure. There is irrefutable evidence they once existed--dragon fossils are hooked up right beside the T-Rex in museums around the world--but for all intents and purposes, they were extinct.
Tony didn’t really know shit about dragons. There was this rumor that a dragon sleeps in the mountains of New Zealand (Tibet?...Might be Taiwan, though) and is never to be disturbed, but there's no video evidence of anything like a massive lizard sleeping in caves, so Tony doesn't believe it. So, no, Tony doesn’t know anything about dragons. He knows the bedtime stories, the legends. But he doesn’t know facts. He doesn’t know how to hatch an egg that may as well have been carved from rock for all he knew.
But if these terrorists had given it to him, it meant that they thought it was a legitimate egg. They wanted a dragon just as much as they wanted a Jericho missile. Which is—terrifying, if you think about it. A terror group with a dragon, that could (supposedly) fly faster than a 747, camouflage into any environment, control minds, wield magic, and shoot magic fire from its mouth? Hell no.
And if Tony isn’t going to give them a missile? There’s no fucking way he’s handing them an impressionable, infant dragon.
Tony sets the egg by his cot and tries to sleep for his four-hour nap, a shift that Yinsen insisted on. He won’t try to hatch the egg and cite some mystical bullshit that hopefully won’t earn his head a place in a water bucket again. Then he and Yinsen will escape with the egg so they won’t be able to force anyone else. Plan decided, Tony turns towards the egg and falls asleep watching the light from his new arc reactor dance and shimmer on its surface.
*
Turns out, Tony’s tidy little plan goes to shit four days into construction of the suit. That’s when they huddle over the egg, blocked strategically from the camera’s view, and watch the egg rock and splinter into dozens of thin cracks. As it does, they listen to the mewling, chirping creature inside move and wriggle.
Sometime—after their first meal but long before the nightly check-in—the egg splits in two, with one tremendous heave.
Tony Stark and Ho Yinsen watch the first Earthen dragon in over a millennium crawl from its egg, covered in its birthing liquid, eyes shut, trembling with exhaustion.
It’s a tiny thing, barely the size of a housecat. Its underbelly is the same color as its egg—that aged honey-amber—but the rest of its scales are a startling bright yellow-gold. The way the light from their furnace and the lamps shine off it makes Tony think of a yellow diamond, with deep facets that shine and glimmer from different perspectives. Its wings are wet and glued to its sides and look 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Vignettes
Alternate Universe
Here there be dragons
Tony Stark is a dragon rider
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Canon Divergence
mind meddling but the good kind
Canon Mind Control
The Nine Realms
Some hand-wavy magic explanations
Suicide mention
Minor Character Death
Infinity Stones
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

