Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“I don’t like it. I don’t like it at all. There must be another way.”“We’ve thoroughly researched him, Captain. He won’t be easily swayed away from SHIELD. They took him in when his aunt passed away. But he’s young and impressionable…”“But you’re suggesting both of us.”“The two of you do make for a powerful combination, especially to anyone who’s grown up with your stories. And it will be dangerous. You’re going right into the heat of SHIELD territory. You know what they’ve been coming up with recently. Plus…”“Plus?”“Sources say he is a big fan of Iron Man.”Those last few words, spoken quietly, pierce through Tony’s awareness. Setting one of his blocks down, he half-turns and looks up at Daddy and the person he’s talking to. Up until now he hasn’t really been paying attention to them, because Daddy has lots of meetings and they’re all boring – when things are interesting and Daddy doesn’t want him to understand, he’ll switch to a language that Tony can’t speak. Surprisingly, Daddy doesn’t notice Tony’s focus and says, “A fan in what way?” with an edge to his voice. Something in Tony’s chest goes tight. He knows that Daddy doesn’t like it when people talk about Iron Man. “He’s a kid, not a threat. We would’ve eliminated him if we thought otherwise,” says Natasha. Her mask dangles from one slender finger as she talks. “Apparently Iron Man saved him at one point when he was little and it’s caused some hero worship. Nothing out of the ordinary, but something that you and Yasha could take advantage of if you play your cards right.”Daddy stares hard at her. He looks like he’s made of stone when he does that, eyes cold. Tony would be crying already if Daddy looked at him like that, but, although she shifts her weight slightly, Natasha gives no other indication of her fear or nerves. She knows better than to stare back at Daddy, instead choosing to look somewhere over Daddy’s left shoulder. He could choose to punish her for this – they all know that. The hair on Tony’s arms stands up at the thought of punishment and before he knows what he’s doing he whimpers.Both sets of eyes snap towards him. Daddy’s face softens, taking on that warm, concerned look he only gets with Tony or the Soldier. He moves over to Tony and kneels, wrapping his arms around Tony. The hug immediately makes Tony feel better because it means Daddy’s not mad at him. He leans into it, burying his face into Daddy’s shoulder; seconds later, Daddy stands up and hefts Tony into his arms.“I will think about it,” he says to Natasha. “I’m not convinced that Spider-Man would be a great enough addition to our cause to make it worth my while.”There’s a fraction of a pause, like Natasha wants to argue but values her life too much to do so, before she says, “Of course, Captain. Would you like me to continue monitoring the subject?”“Yes. Bring any new data to my attention as soon as you get it,” says Daddy. “If you can’t find me, bring it to Bucky.”“Yes sir,” Natasha says. Tony listens to the sound of her footsteps padding across the room, and then the door closes. He doesn’t fully relax until she’s gone. There’s something about the way that Natasha looks at him that makes his skin prickle. “Shh, baby boy,” Daddy murmurs, rubbing his hand up and down Tony’s back. “That was a conversation not meant for little ears. I should’ve known you’d be listening.” Fortunately, Tony realizes, he sounds fond instead of angry. It might be breaking the rules, but it’s breaking them in the way a real baby would – and Daddy never minds if Tony acts more like a baby. To that end, he tightens his grip on Daddy’s neck and whines a little, giving a dissatisfied wiggle. He’s hungry. His breakfast bottle seems like it was a long time ago.Daddy chuckles softly. “Hungry? I guess it’s almost lunch time. I was talking to Natasha longer than I expected.”“Dada,” Tony says, freeing one hand to point to the kitchen. Daddy laughs again and carries him into the kitchen; midway through Tony’s lunch the Soldier comes in to join them, and Tony quickly forgets about the puzzling conversation with Natasha in lieu of cuddling into the Soldier’s lap while Daddy feeds him bits of sandwich.But that conversation rears its head against before the week is out: Natasha comes flying into Daddy’s office without being asked. The Soldier is up and has her pinned against the far wall, arm across her throat, in the span of time it takes Daddy to turn around. Tony freezes, arms locked around his teddy, and feels his heart begin to pound at the sudden tension in the room.“I’m sorry,” Natasha says, her voice a thin rasp from the pressure on her neck. “But – if you want Spider-Man – we have an ideal opportunity.” She stands rigid in the Soldier’s grasp, not trying to fight him. Tony’s never seen them fight before, but he thinks that Natasha probably wouldn’t win.Daddy watches her as he finishes his conversation in clipped Swedish. Only when he hangs up the phone does he say, in English, “
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

freeform: 
non sexual age play
non sexual infantilism
Age Play
Infantilism
non-consensual age play
Non-Consensual Infantilism
Stockholm Syndrome
Baby!Tony
Daddy!Steve
Daddy!Coulson
Toddler!Clint
forced baby tony
forced toddler clint
forced age play
Forced Infantilism
Mutiny
Evil Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
BAMF Steve Rogers
BAMF Bucky Barnes
steve rogers runs hydra
Hydra Steve Rogers
Punishment
Self-Esteem Issues
Tony Stark Has Self-Esteem Issues
Twisted love
protect tony stark
steve is gonna kill some people
stupid hydra agents
OC Hydra Agents
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Crying
Pacifiers
Mild torture
Cribs
bottles
Diapers
crawling
thumb sucking
Carrying
Bathing
Hugs
Angst and Fluff
steve does not like it when people touch what belongs to him
that basically includes bucky and tony
some hydra agents are gonna die slow
steve rogers does not fuck around
when it comes to tony stark

fandom: 
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark

