Work Text:
It was easy to brush off at first, hardly noticeable at all. But soon, it turned into a pattern that Tony couldn’t ignore. The kid has a lot of weird habits, being a part spider mutant does that. So the first few times it happened, Tony brushed it off. Now, it was undeniable; Peter never ate around other people. Well, that wasn’t always true. It would be more accurate to say that Peter never ate with others. He would snack on random things in the lab with Tony, but the second that other people in the room started eating, he left.	Once, Peter had been hanging out with Tony in the lab all day when it happened. “Hey kid, do you want to order pizza?” Tony asked, his own hunger becoming too much.“Oh, uh, sure!” Peter said, hesitating slightly.“Okay, what do you want?” Tony asked, cleaning up his workspace.“Um, just get whatever you want, I don’t care.” Tony just shrugged and placed the order with FRIDAY.	“Boss, your pizza is here.” FRIDAY announced about 15 minutes later. Suddenly Peter, who had been twitchy the whole 15 minutes, got a phone call.He leapt out of his seat, “Sorry Mr. Stark, I really have to take this. I’ll see you later!” Peter yelled back, practically running out of the room. Tony was shocked for a second, before shrugging it off and grabbing his pizza. ‘Weird kid.’ Tony thought affectionately.	It happened again on team dinner night not a week later. Peter bounded into the room a couple minutes after Tony had asked FRIDAY to call him down.“Hey Mr. Stark, what do you need?” Peter asked, smiling as he usually did, but pausing when he saw the dinner that was spread out.“Team dinner, kid. You’re invited.” Tony responded, setting out plates and silverware. “Where do you want to sit?” the older man asked without looking at Peter.	“Oh. Uh, that’s super cool of you Mr. Stark, but I’m good. I wouldn’t want to intrude, and anyways I actually just ate a little bit ago.” Peter responded, shuffling awkwardly.Tony raised an eyebrow at him, “FRIDAY, is that true?”Friday responded instantly, “Mr. Parker ate two frozen pizzas and a bag of cherries less than an hour ago.” Peter just smiled uneasily.Tony sighed, “Okay, kid. You’re excused.”Peter brightened up, “Thanks, Mr. Stark!” He yelled as he left the room.Bucky entered a second later, a confused look on his face. “Kid was in a rush.” He stated. Tony just shrugged.	A week later, they had movie night. It was difficult to get so many people in one room and even harder to agree on a movie, but they managed.“Hercules is my favourite Disney movie!” Peter yelled excitedly when they finally came to a decision.“Is it? Who’s your favourite character?” Tony asked as he took his seat next to Peter.“Hades.” Peter answered without any hesitation. Tony just nodded his head approvingly.	A little bit through the movie, Clint got up to get snacks. He got back part of the way through ‘Go the Distance’. Not even a minute later Pater was out of his seat and scrambling to the door.“Sorry, I have to go. I totally forgot that Ned wanted to call me about our chemistry project tonight. You guys enjoy the movie!” He yelled as he left. Some paid no mind to him while others eyed Tony and the doorway that Peter had left out of suspiciously. Tony also didn’t know what had just happened, though. The movie distracted them and they mostly forgot about Peter’s strange behavior by the time it was finished.	“FRIDAY, does Peter eat enough?” Tony asked one day. He was in his lab, working on a few updated to his suit, when his worries got the better of him.“From behavioral scans and physical scans, it appears that Peter eats just as much as the Captain does. Though his diet isn’t as… healthy.”Tony rolled his eyes, relieved. “He’s a teenage boy with an enhanced metabolism, what do you expect?” FRIDAY made a humming noise and Tony, his worries having been soothed, got back to the updates he was making. ‘I guess we just make him uncomfortable or something.’ Tony thought.	The others quickly caught on to Peter’s strange habit. Once, Peter and Clint were playing Mario Kart in the common room when Peter randomly left the game and the room altogether. Clint just shrugged and continued to eat the chips that he had just grabbed. Another time, Peter and Steve were in the training room when Natasha had come in chewing gum. Peter had practically sprinted to the door a moment later. They were concerned, and when they were concerned about Peter, that meant confronting Tony.	“I don’t know what else to tell you guys. FRIDAY says that he eats enough and that he’s totally healthy. So what if he doesn’t like to eat around us? We all have weird habits.” Tony stated. The entire team had confronted him in his lab after Peter had left, all voicing their concerns for Peter’s health.“Maybe this is something else. Maybe you should call Peter’s aunt, she should know something about it, right?” Bruce said thoughtfully.Tony shrugged, “Sure thing, Brucie. I’ll do that in a bit, I still have some work to do.”	Later, onc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Misophonia
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
everyone is friends and they have movies nights and are happy
peter is not subtle
Peter Parker has Misophonia
Tony is a good dad
the team is worried that peter doesn't eat enough
he does though
Don't worry
the author is projecting
i literally just wrote this
Fluff

fandom: 
None
