Chapter 1: Part 1 In The Beginning
    




Chapter Text


Part 1

“Take him!” Was seared into his mind. That voice that had reared him from an infant now betraying him.He heard it over and over again as the boats set sail. Not in person, his so called mother had been felled almost immediately after the invaders decided to do as she wished. But he heard it all the same. The wind seemed to whisper it when he listened. The skies murmuring it as thunder crashed all around them.“Thor is angry,” A prisoner said.“Thor is always angry these days,” Loki whispered back.It had been thundering the moment the invaders boats had anchored. Loki had thought them visitors at first, come to see the new Jarl. They had certainly been welcomed as such, and dined with civility that spoke of peace.Yet here Loki was three days later tied up when he wasn’t forced to row.The visitors spoke much on their journey. They were happy, and why wouldn’t they be with the spoils they had accumulated. Among the scant prisoners were treasures that Loki’s own people had won in raids to the West. Yet sometimes the language they spoke wasn’t the Norse that Loki had grown up with. Nor was it any of the other accented dialects that surrounded Loki’s home. It wasn’t even Wessex, or whatever that strange land called their language. It seemed to be nonsense, or all of languages at once. Loki suspected magic of some kind, it had to be. Which meant these were people favoured by the Gods.Loki didn’t know if that was a good or bad thing yet. So far, the Gods hadn’t been exactly favourable with his lot in life, he wouldn’t put it past them to have his life planned to be just complete misery with worse and worse events one after another.“Jotun!” One of his captors called.Loki kept his head down, praying to whatever God might be listening that they might spare him dying on this boat. At least let him make it to land. Give him a fighting chance with a knife in his hand.He was roughly pulled up by his hair, that same man leaning close to say pointedly “Jotun.”Oh, they’d been calling him. “Loki,” he corrected, not sure whether his name would make any difference to these people.It didn’t, the man grinning back at his friends for some reason before saying pointedly again, “Jotun.” He was let go at least, the man doing his job in getting Loki’s attention. Crouching so they were of a height, the man asked, “Is it true?” The words coming fluidly in the tongue Loki spoke, no longer that of a jumbled mess.“Is what true?”The man didn’t wait for an invitation to grab Loki again, this time in a wholly uncomfortable place. Loki knocked the man with his fist before he thought better of it, his strength sending the man backwards, blood already beginning to drip from his nose.Instead of being angry, the man grinned, his face even more monstrous now the blood he’d wiped just hours before was replaced with his own. One of the others from the rowing pit demanding, “Well?”“Oh there’s something there,” The bloodied one chuckled. “Whether there’s a cunt too we’ll have to find out when we get back.”The smile he shot Loki was full of promises. Promises Loki was going to kill himself before he would allow them to be fulfilled.He tried not to think about why the man would just assume there was something else there the rest of their journey. It wasn’t hard, he was kept too busy to think most of the time. If it wasn’t the rowing, it was the blisters that came from the rowing. If it wasn’t the blisters it was Njord making the waves big and monstrous, threatening to overturn their small vessel any moment. If it wasn’t that, it was the people that were thrown overboard.Loki had been on raids before, he knew the casualty number that came with transporting slaves back home, the problem was, back then, he hadn’t been the slave. He’d known they felt fear, just as he did, he knew they were human like himself, but being a raider meant that if they were stupid enough to get captured then they deserved to spend their life serving him. Loki had always been able to overpower anyone that came his way, and gladly took what was his because it was his right to. He didn’t ask for much after all, not anymore. Yet here he was, the Gods deciding it wasn’t enough to paint him blue by birth, by stripping him of his manhood by giving him a woman’s opening along with his cock. No, they had to take his freedom too.  It was times like these where Loki seriously wondered if there were Gods at all. If there were, they really hated him.Five days they were on that boat, Loki growing tired of the waves in a way he hadn’t before. He was eager to get off, to start finding his way out of this mess, figuring he just needed to get a knife and he’d be fine from there.They docked, only one of the men getting out, scouting, Loki thought, just like his people did. If he wanted to move he would have to do it now while there was still the sense of uncertainty. They wouldn’t follow him, not without leaving the rest of their treasu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Slow Burn

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

