Chapter 1: The Mission
    




Chapter Text
You sigh softly and run your fingers through your hair one last time before giving yourself a final once over in your floor-length mirror. You smoothed out a minor wrinkle in your dress, hoping that your date wouldn’t notice it. It was stupid to be so nervous; this wasn’t even technically a real date! It was just a mission, an easy one at that. If you were being honest with yourself, it was more the circumstances and unpredictability of the assignment. That, and your partner for it seemed to thrive in those environments. You could understand the latter part. After all, Loki was a God of Mischief. What was worrying you was how unorthodox this really was.
“I blame Tony,” You mumble to yourself as your adjust your earrings for the thousandth time that night. The words felt hollow. You really had no one to blame but yourself. Well, you could blame that gorgeous woman who had caught your eye while you’d been walking with Tony down the hall. But you knew even that wasn’t true. Even a blind person would have been able to tell that you had found this stranger more than a little attractive. Tony couldn’t stop making jokes about how your jaw fell on the floor.
Apparently you being bi as hell meant that you were the perfect candidate to infiltrate a gay club. Someone had been leaking information about the Avengers and anyone associated with them. The mole hadn’t been found, but a code had been broken that indicated the meeting place for the pass-off of these secrets was to be tonight at the aforementioned club. Apparently they thought that would be one of the least likely place to check.
As for your partner… You weren’t entirely sure how that happened. You knew that the fact you’d need a female identifying partner for this, but the logical choice was right out. Natasha was currently away on another mission with Steve and Sam. That meant that you would most likely need to go to a SHIELD agent. Which, again, could cause problems because no one knew if the mole was a SHIELD agent or not. Tony had just begun starting a list of women who would be suitable, most of whom you had a feeling Tony just wanted to see if you’d sleep with, when Thor burst out laughing. Everyone turned to look at him.
“Brother,” The God of Thunder had boomed as he turned to face Loki, “I believe you have taken female form before?”
Loki’s eyes had narrowed slightly in response. “I have.” He stated coolly.
“Then it is settled!” Thor thumped the other on the back. “You shall take that form and go on this mission!” He paused for a second. “Assuming the lady is okay with it?”
“Sure.” You tried to play it off as casual. You had no reservations about working with Loki. As a matter of fact, the two of you had a fairly strong friendship. It was mostly based around the fact that you were a minor trickster, so you shared much of the same sense of humor. Where you didn’t share that, you shared in a love of putting people back into their place. In some ways, your relationship could be one of the strongest friendships Loki had. You had a feeling that you acknowledging he was far more powerful and better at it than you helped.
The problem was not with working with Loki. It was more with the fact that you found him incredibly attractive, and you knew that Lady Loki would be no exception. To be honest, you had a feeling that your attraction would strengthen. You had always had a thing for powerful women.
A knock at the door startles you, making you jump slightly. “Coming!” You call. As you walk towards the door, you smooth your dress again as a reflexive habit. You pause beside the door. This was it, this was the moment. You inhaled and opened the door.
“He-“ You stop, and all you can do is stare. Your brain seemed to short-circuit for a second. You weren’t sure what you had been expecting, but it certainly wasn’t this.
Lady Loki was fucking gorgeous. There was no other word for it. Her long black hair fell in perfect waves that went down past her shoulders, and her green eyes sparkled with a mischievous delight. A golden circlet pushed her hair away from her face, enabling the dark strands to perfectly frame her face. She had on a dark red lipstick that stood out against her pale skin. Her dress was a verdant green with accents of black, and she had an assortment of gold accessories.
You swallow reflexively.
“Holy shit, you…” You had to stop. “You look really fucking good.” Yup, your brain had definitely short-circuited. “Green really suits you.” You tack on, although you know your attempt to save it didn’t work at all. You look at her, waiting for a response. An quirked eyebrow, a smirk, anything. She does have one elegant eyebrow raised slightly and the corners of her lips are upturned. What surprises you, though, is the look in her eyes.
It makes your knees go weak.
She looks at you like she’s undressing you with her eyes, like she wants to devour you. It’s subtle, though. If you hadn’t known Loki for so long, you woul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Lady Loki/Reader
Loki/reader/lady loki
reader/OFC
Loki/Thor/Reader (Marvel)
Tony Stark/Reader
Stephen Strange/Reader

freeform: 
Reader-Insert
Slow Burn
Eventual Romance
BDSM
Threesomes
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)
Bisexual Female Character
bisexual reader
Implied abuse
abuse mention
Possessive Loki
Switch Reader
Domme Lady Loki
sub Reader
Loki thinks Tony is a dick
Dirty Talk
Jealousy
consent is fucking sexy and mandatory
Future Polyamory
thigh grinding
Grinding
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Tony starts off as a dick but eventually redeems himself
Angst
Boot Worship
Discussion of kinks
Hair Pulling
Masturbation
Nipple Play
Nipple Clamps
Sex Toys
Mirror Sex
domme reader
Sub Loki (Marvel)
switch Loki
Pegging
Smut
Shameless Smut
Breathplay
cum kink
Snowballing
Cunnilingus
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Kinky use of magic
Face-Sitting
Blow Jobs
Morning Sex
Dom/sub
Praise Kink
Blood Kink
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Bondage
Abusive Relationships
Implied/Referenced Abuse
it's not physical it's emotional abuse if that's worse for some people

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Lady Loki/Reader
Loki/reader/lady loki
reader/OFC
Loki/Thor/Reader (Marvel)
Tony Stark/Reader
Stephen Strange/Reader

