Work Text:
Title: Handling WantsPairing: Bucky Barnes/Steve RogersWord Count: 5000Rating: 18+Warnings: post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier, PTSD symptoms, fellatio, rimming, barebacking, bottom!SteveSpoilers: light Captain America: The Winter Soldier spoilers, particularly the post-post credits sceneDisclaimer: I don't own either of these characters.Summary: As the asset, desire was nonexistant. As Bucky Barnes, he's unsure how to deal with being  allowed to want.It was still so unusual, to want. When he…wasn’t himself, desire was nonexistent. The soldier had its directives and its sole purpose was to fulfill them, to complete the mission and return for stasis before enacting the process all over again. And again. And however long after until the soldier’s usefulness waned and disappeared along with the husk of the weapon.He’d been to the Smithsonian. He saw the Howling Commandos, side by side by side with Steve Rogers at the center and Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes to the Captain’s left, wearing his face. He did know the man on the bridge. Not from earlier in that hellacious week, but earlier. In a schoolyard in the 30s. On a stoop sipping cokes after then. At Stark’s expo. In European theater, bivouacked fifteen klicks from the nearest Hydra base, legs entangled and Steve’s pulse fluttering under the press of his mouth. That same man on the bridge in the soldier’s crosshairs, brows creased and a nickname he hadn’t been called for seventy years falling from his frowning mouth.The soldier couldn’t afford to want, but James Barnes could. He could want and not want. What he didn’t want was to encounter Steve as he was, dirty and confused, memories of Steve and his past life half-formed while the Winter Soldier’s wetwork frequently cropped up at the forefront of his mind.When Steve and Sam found him, Bucky had wanted to be found. Guilt overwhelmed him and pitting who he was against what he’d been turned into exhausted his body and shut him down. Thank fuck for Sam Wilson. The man had seen battle, flown into Afghanistan and Iraq in the midst of arty strikes to casevac fellow service members. He’d counseled countless veterans, helped them understand the validity of their PTSD and that the horrific things they’d done under the name of military duty didn’t confound their individual morality. They were remorseful over the people they’d killed while deployed; true killers bore no guilt.James—Bucky—wanted that reassurance; the people the Winter Soldier had murdered weren’t on James Buchanan Barnes’ conscience. Bucky Barnes had no agency while the Winter Soldier had its orders.Months of counseling propelled Bucky toward a more wholesome existence. He recognized the deployment of the Winter Soldier and his life (growing up with Steve, going to war, living in the 21st century) as two separate realities. In one, he was an absent observer, a victim of things outside of his control. In the other, he had a renewed autonomy.He could say no, or yes, or nothing at all, smirk and cant his shoulders or smile. His will was his way. Nobody dictated his actions besides himself.So when Steve tentatively asked him to move in, Bucky’d said yes because he wanted to. Steve was his only constant and had dealt with waking up in a new century. At first his body rejected the idea of cohabitation with Steve, but he wanted to be with Steve, his best friend and, if his intermittent memories served, more. He wanted nothing more than to be at Steve’s nine as Steve caught him up on every film the Avengers had insisted were vital cinematic viewing.He could want and not want. Not wanting to get out of bed when Steve asked him to join him and Sam on their morning run was allowed. Wanting to make bacon and omelets when Steve returned was acceptable and greatly appreciated if Steve’s grins and satisfied sighs were any indication.Wanting to keep his hair longer made Steve frown and slide his fingers through his own short hair, but when Steve left to pick up take-out for lunch he returned with their sandwiches and a packet of colorful elastics. They’d spent their lunch hour figuring out different ways to pull his hair back from his face while devouring their sandwiches and fries.Casual wants, things Bucky wanted for himself that had no effect on other people, were much easier to accept.Wanting Steve, though. And he did want Steve. Not the Bucky from the 40s, but this Bucky now. His fractured memories did right by Steve’s kindness and nobility, but experiencing his inherent goodness, the ease with which Steve carried himself while they were together, made him want Steve all the more. He wanted to tuck Steve in that space in his chest and keep him there, always.He noticed the way Steve noticed him, hard not to when Steve looked at him like he held all seven wonders in the palms of his hands. His memories of their time together, a time when Steve was a wisp of the stature he now was, a time when Steve wore a brown leather jacket and a stolen USO perfo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Rimming
Barebacking
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bottom Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

