Chapter 1





Chapter Text
   ✪ The War ✪ 
'Here stands a man...his body tense. His hands, they shake. 

Here stands a man with a bullet in his clenched, right hand.'
 — SYML 
       
  He doesn't know if they left the mask off and cut the Soldier's suppressants (because Steve knows that he'd been on them, his scent on the bridge had been harshly muted, practically nonexistent) on the assumption that — because Bucky was Omega — of course Steve would have already claimed him. (Steve hadn't known. He hadn't known Bucky was an Omega because Bucky'd never told him. His best friend had always professed himself to be Beta, and had never given off any scent suggesting otherwise. And he'd obviously lied on his military transcripts because he'd gotten in, hadn't been 4F'd countless times like Steve had. No, he'd been accepted with ease, and had then proceeded to rise to the rank of sergeant in an astonishingly short amount of time.)  
Or maybe Pierce's decision to keep the mask off had been a calculated attempt to elicit and exploit an emotional response.
 
A gamble that the painfully familiar visage of his best friend's face, coupled with the heady scent of his oncoming heat would hinder Steve's resolve to fight against the Winter Soldier.
 
Make him hesitate just enough between blows — instinctively reluctant to cause harm to a heat-addled Omega — that the Soldier would have a clear advantage.
 
And what had it mattered that such an abrupt cessation of suppressants would force the Soldier to endure a crippling, potentially lethal heat?
 
So long as the mission objective was successfully completed, the Soldier's welfare was evidently of little concern.
 
Heil Hydra.
 Whatever the reasoning behind it, the plan had worked. Though undoubtedly not in the way Hydra had anticipated. Steve Rogers — the force of pre-rut slamming through his body at the first hint of compatible Omega heat-scent emanating from the Soldier — had ceased fighting the moment it became no longer necessary to his mission parameters. 
But by then Captain America had accomplished his objective, bringing down the Helicarriers  
 The Soldier had gained the advantage, in the end. 
Only to pull Steve from the water, leaving him drenched and unconscious — but alive — on the shore of the Potomac. 
 
Since then, all of Steve's effort has gone into finding the Soldier.
      It takes him the better part of a week to finally be released from the hospital, and even then they only let him leave because he’s threatened to go whether they 'allow' it or not, and wouldn't they rather him do it under the guise of civility? An Alpha going into rut — especially one as strong as he is — is not someone they want to attempt keeping in their non-reinforced hospital room with its paper-thin walls and decidedly lacking array of serum-bypassing sedatives. So, of course they let him leave.      Sam helps him to get set up in the new residence which Tony‘d undoubtedly pulled multiple strings to get bought and paid for so quickly. Two-bedroom, 'in case you get any visitors' Tony had texted Steve along with the address, the implication impossible to miss even when presented in the sterile font of the typed message. There isn't much furniture in the new spaces of the home: He hadn't had a guest room in his former apartment, so this one is nearly empty save for a queen–sized bed and a small chest of drawers, each of which are pushed up against opposing walls. Whatever he'd previously owned, Tony'd had delivered, and is already tastefully arranged throughout the house. Steve is grateful because it means he doesn't have to waste time on anything other than preparing the space intended for the rogue Soldier he means to bring in. He pulls the guest room's sheet-encased mattress from its bed-frame and drags it to rest instead on the floor beneath the window where a compromised former wetwork operative will have to worry less about sight lines and defensibility. With Sam's help, Steve maneuvers the empty frame into the master bedroom where his own things have been put away, and leans it against a bare wall. He then grabs every sheet, pillow, and blanket he owns and takes them into the guest room, piling them near the lowered mattress, and setting aside the extra sheets for when the bedclothes will likely need changing in the future. Sam helps him to stock the refrigerator and pantries, enough for two super–soldiers who will be holed up in the residence for multiple days at least, and Steve is so grateful that Sam doesn't question the decision Steve’d come to over the last few days. When he'd initially learned from Steve about the suppressant cut that the Winter Soldier had been forced into — is still facing the consequences of alone — Sam had, in that careful way of his, tried to make sure that Steve was fully aware of what he was obviously planning to take on. "He doesn't know you," Sam had repeated, expression gentle but tone firm."Even if he's regained some memory of you — and man I
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Bucky Barnes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Rape/Non-con Elements
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Past Torture
Past Abuse
Past Violence
Psychological Trauma
Medical Trauma
Traumatized Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Remembering
Non-Consensual Touching
Touch-Starved
Touch-Averse
Seizures
BAMF Bucky Barnes
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Protective Steve Rogers
POV Steve Rogers
POV Bucky Barnes
Steve Rogers Feels
Pining
Fake Science
Medical Jargon
Medical Inaccuracies
Clint Barton Is a Good Bro
Omega Clint Barton
Omega Tony Stark
Beta Sam Wilson
Food Issues
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Asset Bucky Barnes
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Angst and Fluff and Smut
Blood and Violence
references to past torture under the guise of conditioning
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro
Sam Wilson is a Gift
and many more... - Freeform

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

