Work Text:
The summer between Peter’s Sophomore and Junior year was insane. The Tony Stark somehow convinced Aunt May to let him move in to Stark Tower. In return, Tony promised to make sure that Peter made it to school every day and even bought May a really nice apartment just a block away. Tony also promised that Peter would really learn how to use his powers and defend himself. So now, Peter split his time between his Aunt and living and working in Stark Towers, along with many of the other Avengers; people he could now call friends.The thought of ‘holy shit how is this my life’ went through his head often. There was only one problem now, and that was the fact that nobody at his school, or even the world at large, knew. Not that he wants them to know, of course. He already draws enough attention to himself just being nerdy Peter Parker, so this was another secret that he was planning on keeping such.	Peter has to admit that living, training, eating, and just being around the Avengers was amazing. One thing that wasn’t amazing was how much they were like parents and family to him. Don’t get him wrong, he loves them, but they’re all very… protective. The first time they heard about Flash, they threatened to go to the school themselves and teach the kid a lesson. He had to remind them multiple times that yes, killing people is illegal. No, it still counts if nobody finds out. No, injuring him won't help anyone. Peter was suddenly reminded of this exact problem bright and early, one Monday morning.	His science teacher announced one day that they had a field trip planned for the end of the week, causing everyone to perk up. The teacher, a younger man named Mr. Deek, drew out announcing where they would be going until the end of class. At that point the entire class was on the edge of their seats, even MJ looked slightly interested, which was saying quite a bit. With only a couple minutes left until the bell, Mr. Deek pulled out the permission forms.“This Friday, you guys will be taken out of class for the entire day to do a tour of… wait for it… Stark Towers!” he finished, grinning wildly.Peter could literally feel his heart skip a beat. “Oh no.” he said, putting his head into his hands as the cursed paper was placed on his desk. All of the possible negative situations that would and could come from this trip flashed through his mind, he could already feel his breathing quicken and his pulse elevating. “What’s wrong Penis Parker, scared that we’ll find out that your lame internship was fake?” Flash said quietly, so Mr. Deek wouldn’t hear, obviously noticing Peter's distress.“Back off Flash.” Ned said weakly. Peter really didn’t like hearing his friend sound like that, so he took a deep breath and quickly steeled his nerves.Turning to Flash with a face that he hoped was casual, he replied, “Not at all.” With that, the bell rang and the class exited, leaving Flash sputtering in confusion.“Dude, what are you gonna do?” Ned asked, “There’s no way you can just fly under the radar there, and there’s no way your skipping, May will kill you.” He was echoing the exact same thoughts going through Peter’s own head right now.“I don’t know, man. I’m going to have May sign this, and I guess I’ll just have to see how it goes. There’s not much I can really do about it.”A thought came through Peter’s mind and he groaned out loud. “What is it?” Ned asked, earnestly as ever.“I just realized that Tony’s not even going to be the worst of them. Steve is probably going to come out with his whole American Hero thing and clap me on the back or something and ask what I want for dinner. I know him really, he’s practically the devil. And Clint, Christ-”“You know,” a voice started behind them, cutting him off, “For people trying to have a private conversation, you sure do talk loud.” MJ said, rolling her eyes at them.When Peter asked May to sign his permission form, it probably took all the self-control she had not to laugh in his face. “Hey, at least that Flash kid’s gonna be in for a shock. Maybe he’ll finally leave you alone!”Peter was glad that was the only thing she said, other than promising that she wouldn’t tell Tony or the others. Peter knew that if any of them knew ahead of time, they were going to try their hardest to embarrass Peter as much as possible, but if they didn’t know ahead of time maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. Right?The bus ride over to Stark Towers was loud, loud enough that Flash could make fun of him without having to worry about teachers hearing him, not that most of them would care.“So, Parker, is your good friend Tony Stark going to show? Of course he isn’t, why would he bother with someone like you anyways?” Flash laughed along with some of his croans.Peter just ignored their taunts. A good thing about being a superhero and living with the Avengers, you learn to develop thick skin very quickly. Part of the greatness of the dynamic between the Avengers was how much of a family they really were. They loved to tea
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
peter goes on a field trip to stark towers
or avengers towers
Fluff
Embarrassment
Flash is a dick
peter ignores him
stuckony is implied
you gotta squint
may is not dead thank you very much
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
they are all pals living in the tower together
bc I said so
How Do I Tag
Peter is frustrated
steve tony and bucky are peter's dads

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

