Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Holly Lilliana Potter was  not  pleased.She’d only wanted to check in on the Dursleys. She didn’t love them or even like them, they were not  pack  but they were her blood. Her Aunt the only remaining link to her mother. Holly could  not  leave them vulnerable. For her own sake if nothing else. And Dudley had been getting better.So when she had finished seeing to the bodies of her (studentsfriends   onlychildren ) classmates she staggered out of Hogwarts without a word. She knew a good chunk of the surviving Death Eaters had run, fleeing the site of the battle.While there was no love lost between herself and the elder Dursleys, Dudley had been improving slowly. For the sake of him, for the glimmer of hope that they could be something like acknowledged family, maybe even  friends  of a sort, Holly would at least  warn  them. They needed to get out of the country with the Death Eaters running around looking for any link to herself to use as revenge. She would not sink to their level, nor would she leave them to face the tortures Death Eaters would visit upon them.Even if being near the Dursleys made her sick. Being a Guide, and therefore able to  sense  how much they had hated her when she was small, how much they  feared  her, how unnatural they viewed her to be…Batair, the Spirit Guide of her Sentinel who had followed her for as long as she could remember, brushed against her legs, leaning his weight into her and providing comfort. She buried her hand into his thick but bedraggled fur-  (it was a sign wherever her Sentinel was he was not in good health) - scratching at his ears absently.The Dursleys were the reason Holly had such good  Occlumency  shields. She’d had to learn block them out as much as she could. It was an instinctive response. One she no longer thought about- the moment any one of the relatives got within her natural sensing range, her shields went up. That she was an Omega Guide had only made it worse. Dudley and Vernon were both Alphas, and they had liked to trigger instinctive responses in her when she was a cub. It had lead to some very strong trust issues when it came to other Alphas which had intensified with Dumbledore. At least Snape had been a Beta, same as her Aunt. It would have been hell on her if he’d been able to use Command on her.(It was something she noticed during the last days of training her classmates. Those who were just a bit thinner, those with an edge of wary caution at enclosed spaces and those who looked at adults as if  waiting  for the moment they settled into patterns they  knew  …  Well, you could always tell which ones had good shields out of  necessity.  The main reason why Severus Snape’s Occlumency was  better  than Dumbledore’s. )It was a blessing Holly had grown into such a powerful Omega. Most Alphas were not strong enough to use Command on her, even when they  wanted  to, and her scent- interpreted differently by everyone she came across- tended to  intimidate  other Alphas. Vernon and Dudley had quickly lost their ability to use Command on her as she’d grown. Her instinctive ‘tuning out’ of the Dursleys had also gotten better.Which was most of the reason Holly didn’t pick up on the plan until it was too late. Batair had been pacing, unseen to the Dursleys, but he had always done so when in this house or close to the family, so it was not an odd reaction.  The rest of the reason being the aftermath of ending a war. She’d run off before her wounds had been looked at, taken off before the after effects of being on the run for  months  , going straight into a literal warzone, taking a  killing curse  to the chest and  coming back to life  had kicked in. On top of the magical exhaustion that came with that package deal? She was  not  at her best.She knew as soon as she sat still, as soon as she let the wizarding world get ahold of her she’d be stuck. Stuck cleaning up the mess, being the face of the wizarding world, the face and being herded into whatever job they thought suited her best. Maybe that would be an Auror, perhaps an Unspeakable, even a Ministry worker. And maybe, the wizarding world would remember she was a  Guide  and try to force her into the role of subservient puppet and baby maker to continue the Lines she had inherited now that they didn’t need a  good little soldier  . Especially seeing as she was an  Omega  Guide on top of everything else. Holly sneered.(On the run, she, Hermione and Ron entertained the idea that  they  would be in charge. After all, Voldemort overthrew the government.  He  was the Ministry and if  they  overthrew him, wouldn’t that mean that  they  would be in charge? Regardless, they were already tired by then and none of them wanted what would come with that much power. That much  responsibility.  ) Holly wasn’t planning on sitting still long enough to find out. She was going to round up the runaway Death Eaters, take c
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Pack/Family relationships
Eventual FemHarry/Winter Soldier
FemHarry/Bucky Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Female Harry Potter
Eventually - Relationship
Lots of Family relationships too

freeform: 
alpha-beta-omega dynamics
ABO dynamics
A-B-O
Omega Verse
Alternate Universe Alpha Beta Omega
Alternate Universe Sentinels and Guides
Alternate Universe Sentinels and Guides are Known
Sentinel and ABO Fusion
Self-Indulgence as its finest
Nontraditional Alpha-Beta-Omega Dynamics
Alpha Sentinel Bucky Barnes
Omega Guide Holly Potter
Pack Dynamics
Avengers Family
Avengers Pack
Avengers as family
Avenger Bucky Barnes
Avengers - Freeform
i will face canon and walk backwards into hell
What Canon?
I want a happy family damn it
and I WILL have it
touch starved
Child Abuse
PTSD
Kidnapping
War
death and torture
things that happen in war
Death
brainwashing and recovery
magic is a blessing
recovering to recovered Bucky Barnes
Eventual Avenger Loki
Holly gathers the broken and helps them
Instincts are sometimes a bitch
cuddle bugs
Omegas will FIGHT YOU
don’t test them
nobody touch the Pack
The pack will react as a whole on behalf of the wronged
Scent Marking
Myth Loki
Well not really
but kinda myth loki?
ehh
there’s a wolf
a horse and a snake
but no half dead children wandering the realm of the dead
Odin’s A+ Parenting
Odin AllFather has ISSUES
war trophies should never be children
you should never ride your grandchild into battle
what the absolute hell is wrong with you
looking at you ODIN
Captain America is a Warning Label not a Title
( WRR- I have never been so proud of a tag in my life)
Captain America - Freeform
no
not THAT America -modern america-
THIS America -all the founders committing treason-
(North added to it I’m laughing so hard I’m crying)
communication is key
damn it
Drug recovery- they pumped the Soldier up to keep him docile
no more
Holly is so pissed
Platonic Cuddling
Platonic Female/Male Relationships
Circe Damned Potter Luck
Holly is so done with her own luck
Bucky is so done with people attacking HIS people
he will FIGHT YOU
Like a Russian Death Machine.
Don't doubt him
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Pack/Family relationships
Eventual FemHarry/Winter Soldier
FemHarry/Bucky Barnes
James "Bucky" Barnes/Female Harry Potter
Eventually - Relationship
Lots of Family relationships too

