Work Text:
It is by pure miracle that Peter does not have aquaphobia. If anything, nearly drowning, tangled in a parachute and having Iron Man save you should make sure Peter stayed out of bodies of water, but no, the boy was psychologically unharmed. He did not have nightmares, Tony had asked, nor did he fear swimming. His training included water exercises such as deep water rescue and learning the suits capabilities in the element. He excelled and Tony was so proud. 
 
Peter’s evolvement was also obvious in P.E., although the boy tried his hardest to hide. His physique was better, he was hardly ever out of breath. His mentor had numerous times mentioned that doing better in P.E would not give out his secret: Peter was in an age where boy’s grew muscles and thus sometimes they learned to control their bodies better. No one would pay any attention if he suddenly became a sports all-star¨.
 
“Just try to avoid backflips,” Tony had told. “But in games and such, why not show off a bit.”
 
But Peter never did, he was too humble, too scared, too used to his role of never succeeding.
 
And really, nothing could have prevented the unexpected accident.
 
It was a Tuesday and the last lesson of the day was P.E. Midtown Tech had just been granted an indoor swimming pool. Previously they had visited the local center but the traffic was hell and it was difficult to get times for every class. So, with some donations, they extra wing had been built and everyone was excited.
 
Peter’s class was working on technique with Coach Wilson who, although not a swimmer, had very much theoretical knowledge and was able to help all the students in their problems.
 
“One two three, breath, one two three, breath, that’s it Betty!”
 
Peter slammed his hand on the edge of the pool and looked around. He was doing fantastic job of staying under the radar. No one suspected a thing, No one knew he had just had the same lesson a month previously and thus worked with the technique from time to time. When he had a free slot from all the other training he had.
 
Ned swam a little further away and edge his friend to follow. Peter grinned and kicked the wall to get a good start speed.
 
Ten minutes later, Coach blew the whistle.
 
“Alright, everyone, time  is up! Finish the lap if you started a new one and then to the showers.”
 
Only Ned and Peter plus Flash and his friend stayed. When they were alone, Peter jumped on Ned’s back and forced him under the water. His friend emerged a second later and Peter started to swim away.  Ned caught his foot and returned the favor. Peter came back up, laughing and spitting out water.
 
“Some game, huh?”
 
Peter turned to Flash and shrugged.
 
“We played this a lot when we were younger.”
 
Could this be considered a training exercise, Peter wondered in his mind? He would need to ask Mr Stark.
 
His thoughts were cut off when he was under the water again. The hands were different, there was not the gentle, soft hold but rather it forced him to stay down. Peter struggled to the surface and coughed. Ned swam to him and hit his back.
 
“What the hell was that?”
 
Flash merely shrugged.
 
“A game.”
 
“We don’t play like that?”
 
Flash grinned: “Oh, you want to know how big boys play?”
 
Peter had barely gotten his breath back when he was forced back under. Water filled his nose, bubbles danced around him. He tried to force Flash off him but there was no leverage. 
 
Flash let go. Peter took in a huge breath. His heart was rising. His lungs did not get full before Flash’s face disappeared from his view and someone attacked him from behind.
 
Ned was screaming, he couldn’t make sense of the words. It sounded off but loud.
 
He was let up.
 
“Stop it,” Ned shouted and tried to fight Flash but he was not strong enough. Peter’s head was swimming, his friend did not leave, Ned was too afraid for him.
 
He was dunked under, it was like a poem with rhythm and rhymes. Was this torture? 
 
His lungs were burning, he struggled to hold his mouth closed. He was nauseous, his head hurt. He was scared. There were hands over him, holding him down, forcing him under the water.
 
Peter tensed, he had to get out. He had to get air. 
 
It was like then.
 
A flash of memory. 
 
He was tangled in a sheet. He couldn’t get it off.
 
Those hands, he couldn’t get it off.
 
Noises from above. 
 
A thruster.
 
A voice, screaming.
 
Peter was let up and forced down again but it was no good. He was going into shock. His eyes were wide with fear, he was too deep in his memories.
 
Ned saw it, his friend was pale and not there.
 
Screaming intensified.
 
The plane, the Vulture, he had dropped.
 
Air burst out between his lips.
 
Fighting over him.
 
Iron Man, red, hands grabbing him.
 
A kick on his head.
 
Peter breathes in the water. Chlorine burns his windpipe and lungs. He is nauseous and gags, more water come in. His stomach contracts, trying to expel the liquid.Help, someone.
 
He needs help.
 
Peter realizes it as the hands loosen their ho
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Protective Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Bullying
Swimming
High School
Pretty much attempted murder
Drowning
CPR
Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation
Mouth-to-Mouth
Vomiting

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson

