Chapter 1: Oh Hell
    




Chapter Text
Iron Man fell.
“Get him!” Stephen Strange shouted at the Cloak of Levitation.  The Cloak spun off Stephen’s shoulders and rocketed after the falling hero, catching him before he hit the ground.
Stephen barely had time to spare Iron Man a glance as the witch they were fighting lunged at him again.  Lines of eldritch magic wrapped around her, throwing her to the ground.  She screeched at him.
“Oh, do shut up,” Stephen snapped.  He looked up as a portal formed and Wong stepped through.
“Good, you got her.”
Stephen let out a huff.  “Would you be so kind as to take her off my hands?  Stark intervened and he hasn’t gotten back up.”
“Man sticks his nose in everything,” Wong muttered, taking the witch and spiriting her through the portal.  They would deal with her later.
Stephen ran to the fallen Iron Man, kneeling next to him.
“Stark?  Tony?” Stephen asked, running his eyes over the pitted suit.  He had seen the witch throw something at him, and then he had fallen.
The suit started to go back into the housing unit on Stark’s chest.  As the arms and legs of the suit crawled back into the housing unit, Stephen stared in confusion.  There was nothing there.  The suit kept retracting and Stephen’s heart twisted as he and the Cloak stared in horrified silence at the sight before them.
A toddler lay on his back, a mop of dark hair on his head.  The far too large undersuit swamped the toddler.  The child’s eyes were closed, the housing unit massive on his tiny chest.
“Oh, shit,” Stephen whispered.  The toddler opened his eyes at Stephen’s voice.
He would recognize those whiskey brown eyes anywhere.  
Tony Fucking Stark was a fucking toddler.
“Tony?” Stephen whispered, reaching a trembling hand for the child.  The boy gave him a huge smile, reaching for his fingers.  Stephen let him grasp his fingers, the child’s grip not strong enough to hurt.
“Oh, hell,” Stephen muttered.  He pulled the undersuit around the boy, wrapping him up and pulling him into his arms.  His eyes drifted to the scars on the boy’s chest.  They hadn’t disappeared, and look horrible on a child.  They were bad enough on the man, seeing them on a two year old was unthinkable.  Tony clung to Stephen’s neck, chubby little legs going to either side of his waist.  Stephen held the housing unit for the nanoparticles in one hand.
“What am I supposed to do with this?”  He couldn’t leave it in the middle of the Manhattan.
Stephen frowned.  He thought he heard a female voice and he looked around.  His eyes landed on Tony’s sunglasses.  He made sure he had a good grip on Tony and leaned over, picking them off the ground and putting them on.
“Boss?  Boss?  What’s going on?” 
“FRIDAY, right?” Stephen asked quickly, blinking at the flow of information across the lenses.  Was this how Tony saw the world?
There was a beat of silence.  “Doctor Strange?  Why are you wearing Mr. Stark’s glasses?” FRIDAY asked warily.
“Uh…there was a mishap…” Stephen started, glancing at Tony.  The toddler stared at the glasses on Stephen’s face, completely enthralled.  He reached up, touching the frames with a smile.
“Holy fuck, is that the boss?” FRIDAY asked.
“You curse?” Stephen asked, unsure of why that surprised him.
“When the occasion calls for it, and I think this calls for it,” FRIDAY quipped back.  Stephen watched as Tony’s vitals popped up in his sight.  It was truly fascinating. 
“Agreed,” Stephen said, tilting his head slightly to ensure Tony didn’t pull the glasses off his face.
“I can’t get a full scan on him here,” FRIDAY said, “but from what I can tell, he seems healthy.  Just…younger.”
“He was hit with something during the fight.”
“I remember, Doc.  He blacked out and so did I,” FRIDAY said.
“I need to get him to Kamar-Taj to look over him magically.”
“He won’t like that.  He still hates magic, even after Thanos,” FRIDAY warned.
Stephen held one hand out, a blue butterfly sparking into existence in his palm.  Tony cooed, reaching for it.
“He’s a toddler, FRIDAY,” Stephen said quietly, “if it sparkles, he’ll like it.”
Tony giggled as the butterfly landed on his nose, wings flapping.
“Fine,” FRIDAY said.  “Take me with you.”
“Done,” Stephen said.  “First, what should I do with this?”  He held the housing unit up.
“I’m guessing you don’t have pockets in this get up?” FRIDAY asked.
“Not really,” Stephen said.
“Then attach it to your chest,” FRIDAY said.
“Is it going to turn into the suit?” Stephen asked warily.
“No, Doctor.  I have rendered the nanoparticles inert.”
“Okay then,” Stephen muttered, pressing the housing unit to his chest where the Eye of Agamotto had once sat. 
Tony gave him that sunny smile again and Stephen wasn’t sure if he managed to return it.  He shifted Tony in his arms and opened a portal with quick movements.  Tony reached for the sparking magic, but Stephen pulled him back, settling him on his hip.
He stepped through.  “Wong!” he yelled.
Tony shivered in the colder temperature of Kathmandu, snuggling closer to S
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Kid Tony
Stephen deserves a raise for this
De-Aged Tony Stark
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Everyone lives
Except Thanos
that purple bitch is dead
Slow Burn
this was fun to write
supposed to be a fun story
Tony is cursed and Stephen has to fix it
but not right away
super protective Stephen Strange
He will destroy anyone who looks at Tiny Tony wrong
and what do you know
plot happened

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

