Chapter 1: Rhodey
    




Chapter Text
Tony isn’t really the kind of guy who likes to deal with his own mistakes. In his experience, it’s easier (and a hell of a lot less painful) to throw around some cash, flash a few smiles, and let someone else make everything okay. 
But despite that, he’s never fucked up in a way that resulted in a pregnancy. Even in his early adulthood, which consisted of LSD hallucinations and blackout binge drinking, he’s never slipped up. Not once. Women have contacted his lawyers before, claiming they have his children, but the DNA tests always come back negative. Always.
“Why are you telling me this?” Rhodey asks. They’re leaning against the most subtle car Tony has, the one that screams, ‘I’m rich,’ instead of ‘I’m really, really rich.’ 
“No reason,” Tony says casually. He hands over an extra pair of sunglasses and checks his watch.
Rhodey gives Tony an unhappy look. “We’re standing in front of a high school, Tony. Just break the news to me already.”
Tony ignores Rhodey’s pointed comment. “Be cool, alright?” he asks. “Here he comes.”
Heads turn all from all around the campus, where students are trickling out into the warm sunlight. Tony has the kind of voice that carries, even over all the hustle and bustle of high school life.
“Tony,” Rhodey hisses, trying to slink back into the car.
“Relax,” Tony tells him. “We’re wearing sunglasses. No one knows who we are.”
A loud, carrying whisper comes from inside the mob of staring students. “Holy shit, is that Tony Stark?” and suddenly everyone’s looking, trying to get a peek at the car and the two men leaning against it.
Rhodey wants to die.
A brown haired, somewhat attractive kid makes eye contact with Rhodey and goes rigid. His eyes move from Rhodey to the car to Tony. His jaw goes slack, and he ducks his head and shoves his way through the mob of frozen students towards them.
“Parker,” Tony says coolly. “Excellent timing. We were just talking about you.”
Rhodey clenches his teeth, because like hell Tony is getting off that easily.
“Mr. Stark,” says the kid (Parker?) fiddling with the straps of his backpack. “Wow. This is, like, a huge surprise. What are you doing here? It’s Wednesday.”
“Nice to see you too, kid,” says Tony, adjusting his sunglasses. “We were in the neighborhood, and I wanted to make sure you met Rhodey here.”
No, Rhodey wants to say. They were not in the neighborhood, they spent fourty-five minutes driving into the middle of Queens to pick up a random high school student Rhodey has never heard of before.
Instead, he says, “It’s nice to meet you.”
The kid turns to face him, and his jaw drops. “You’re the Iron Patriot,” he says.
“War machine,” corrects Tony.
“Let’s talk about this in the car, Tony,” Rhodey says through gritted teeth. “Tony, children are staring at us. They’re staring at us, Tony.”
“Right, let’s go,” Tony says, gesturing the kid and Rhodey into the car with a dramatic flourish.
“Hey, Happy,” says Peter brightly as he gets in the car. “I like your haircut.”
Happy grunts unhappily from the driver’s seat.
“He’s not feeling particularly chatty, kid,” Tony says, pulling out his Starkphone. “He’s had a rough day. Did you hear about the hack?”
Peter’s eyes light up. “Oh my god, it was beautiful,” he says, and Rhodey swears if his voice gets any higher it will crack from prepubescent strain. “We studied some of the coding in Comp-sci, and it was magnificent. They’re saying it didn’t just get through Osicorp’s firewall, it completely destroyed it!”
“Don’t I know it, kid,” grunts Happy. “PR nightmare.”
Peter shoots a quick look at Tony and starts firing questions. “Why does it have anything to do with Stark Industries?”
“Everyone thinks we were the ones who created the hack. You know, to take our main competition out of the market, etcetera etcetera.” Tony snaps up his glasses and stares at Peter. “Mind you, Osicorp is crap, so it’s not like we needed to do anything. Their tech speaks for itself-,”
“But did you do it?” Peter asks excitedly.
“Tony,” Rhodey says quickly, because even though he’s had a little trouble following the conversation, it seems like this kid could get Tony in some legal trouble if he wanted to. “I strongly advise you not to answer.”
Tony waves him aside with a flick of his hand. “Quiet, Rhodes. I'm extremely proud of that coding, like hell I'm going to let someone else take credit.”
“Tony!” Rhodey exclaims. “Jesus Christ. It’s like you want to get your ass sued off.”
“First off,” says Tony, “Language.”
“I’m sorry, you heard him say ‘language’ to me too, right?” Rhodey asked Peter. “The word ‘language’ just came out of his mouth, directed at me.”
Peter’s jaw goes slack. “You’re the Iron Patriot,” he says again. 
"Yes, I’m . . .” says Rhodey. “I’m . . . ugh. Tony. Explain.”
“Here’s your stop, kid,” Tony says. Happy stops the car in front of some shitty apartment building that looks like it’s a light breeze away from keeling over. 
“Thanks for the ride, Mr. Stark,” says Peter happily. 
“Like I 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
BAMF Peter Parker
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Peter Parker Joins the Avengers
Ceiling Vent Clint Barton
Identity Reveal

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Peter Parker & James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Tony Stark

