Work Text:
Tony lets himself in to Steve's apartment, keeping quiet more out of the habit of the late hour than anything else; Steve may be laying in bed with his eyes closed, but the likelihood that he's actually asleep is low.It's been a while since they've been in the same city at the same time, longer since they've made time to meet. The SHIELD/HYDRA catastrophe was, well…catastrophic. Tony's been running himself ragged tracking down and destroying bits and pieces of his leaked tech (he refuses to admit to himself what a fools errand that is. Just... refuses.) in addition to all the Stark weapons still out there from the Stane days. When Steve's not caught up in endless hearings he's off burning out the last traces of HYDRA and backing up the splintered remains of SHIELD. And then there's Bucky, of course.Things have been going... well, with Bucky, all things considered. But there are a lot of things to consider and even if things are improving they're certainly not easy and they have a long, long way to go. Tony doesn't resent the time Steve has been devoting to his old friend – they're both whole adults with their own lives to take care of (and he's got his hands full with dealing with all his leaked tech and no, he's still not over it) – but seeing the exhaustion on Steve's face makes his heart ache. He needs a chance to unwind. They both do.When Tony reaches the bedroom he doesn't bother removing any more clothing than his suit jacket and shoes before climbing into bed behind Steve and wrapping him up in his arms.“Hey.”“Hey yourself,” Steve whispers back tiredly. He always sounds tired these days.Tony nibbles a bit on his ear, drawing a soft sigh. “Missed you,” he says, and Steve huffs out a low chuckle.“Yea, I can tell,” he replies, twisting his hips back against Tony's pointedly. Tony hums in approval and starts running his hands along Steve's body. It's more just to enjoy the touch than for any real purpose just yet, but that will change soon. Tony bites down at the juncture between neck and shoulder with a little more feeling than his earlier nibbling and grinds himself against Steve.Steve moans his name, low and needy, but his movements are still sluggish and his voice is a little thick with sleep. Tony wonders guiltily if he actually did wake Steve up.“Were you sleeping?”“Mmm, no.” Pause. “Kinda.”Tony gives him a squeeze. “It's late,” he says “We can sleep, if you're tired. We don't have to have sex.”“This is a hell of a time for you to start being a cocktease, Stark,” Steve grumbles, and Tony chuckles.“Well excuse me for looking out for your well-being,” he shoots back, grinning, and resumes his lazy exploration of Steve's body.“If you were really looking out for my well-being you'd be sucking my cock right now,”“Language Captain Rogers!” he gasps with faux shock, laughter in his voice. “What would the fans say if they heard you talking like that?”Steve rolls his eyes “I got way better things to think about than that.”“Oh?” says Tony slyly, rolling them both so that he's on top, pressing Steve face down on the bed and gripping his wrists. “What kind of things?”Steve shifts languidly under Tony, tugging gently against Tony's restricting hands and pressing his ass back against Tony's hardening cock. He can, of course, break his hold like a twig at any point, but that's not what this is about. “You,” he says. “Inside me.”“Mmm, I suppose that is a nice thought,” Tony muses, rolling his hips. “But what if I'm tired? Maybe I just want to cuddle, get some sleep before going out and punching more bad guys?” It's a ridiculous lie, and Steve knows it, but it doesn't keep his movements from getting more desperate.“Tease.”“Oh you bet.” Tony says letting his voice go low, silky. “You know how much I like to work you up, make you all flushed and desperate. And you make it so easy for me, don't you baby?” Tony nips him on the back of the neck, drawing a breathy gasp. “So easy to tie you down, take you apart, make you beg and scream before I – “ he freezes.Steve, who had been writhing mindlessly underneath him, freezes as well. “Tony?” he says, concerned.“There – ah,” Tony licks his lips nervously and lays very, very still. There's only one person who could get the drop on both him and Steve in this quiet apartment. “There seems to be a knife against my throat.”“What?” Steve gasps at the same time a voice growls “Get off of him.”“What the fuck – “ the knife presses tighter against his throat, “-- Yea, yea, okay, getting off. Getting off right now.”Before he can figure out how to climb off without tipping his weight right into the knife, Steve shifts to his back, careful not to upset Tony's balance. His eyes widen as they lock on the person over Tony's shoulder.“Bucky,” he says, sitting up to clasp the Winter Soldier's wrist and wrap a steadying arm around Tony's waist. Tony can feel his heart beating a hundred miles an hour and does his best to control his breathing and sit very, very still. “Bucky, no, put t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
D/s overtones
Gratuitous porn
Post CATWS
spoilers for the movie

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

