Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
                Coulson calls Bucky on a Thursday and says, “You need to come in.”                Bucky’s in the middle of a mission, playing sniper while Nat lures in the bait, and it’ll put Nat in danger, disappearing like that. “When?” Bucky asks, because Coulson wouldn’t risk any of them if he could avoid it.                He doesn’t ask what’s happened. He doesn’t ask if Tony’s been hurt, or Jason, or Clint. It’ll only clutter his head.                “Immediately,” Coulson says. “I’m sending you the rendezvous point. A car will pick you up in twenty minutes.”                “Twenty--” Bucky cuts himself off. His pulse damn near doubles, and he takes a deep, centering breath. Twenty minutes. That kind of expedited timeline screams emergency. Phil Coulson is a measured, deliberate man; he doesn’t move fast unless he has to.                “No one’s been hurt,” Coulson says. There’s an odd note to his voice. He’s excited, Bucky realizes. “Agent Barnes, you’ll want to be here for this.”                   They show him Steve, packed in ice. For a second, his heart stops in his chest.                “Stevie,” he says, soft, disbelieving. “Steve.”                “We think so,” Nick Fury says. His voice is edged with something like skepticism, and, under that, eagerness. “Either it’s him, or it’s a clone.”                “That’s him,” Bucky says, reflexively, and then he swallows, nods. He knows better. He’s learned better.                He takes several long, controlled steps forward and holds himself steady, just out of reaching distance. He wants to dig his fingers in the ice and rip it away from him. He wants to fight everyone in this room.                He studies Steve until he’s sure. “It’s him,” he says. He’d know him anywhere; he’d know him in a crowd of clones. “That’s Steve.”                He hadn’t thought about what it would mean, getting the body back. He didn’t know it would feel like this, some terrible combination of a weight lifted off his shoulders and a hand closing around his throat. It would be easier, probably, if he weren’t so perfectly preserved.                Bucky’s eyes trace down Steve’s face, to his hands, to the uniform they put him in when they made him Captain America, and he gets flashes of Brooklyn, and Germany, and childhood.                He’s not sure the world was worth this. He’s damn sure the world hadn’t earned Steve by the time it lost him.                “He’s not dead.” Coulson’s tone is careful, kept meticulously blank. Not an encouraging prognosis, then. But Bucky thinks, if death were certain, Coulson wouldn’t have brought him in until after it was over.                Coulson’s not weak; he never coddles them. But he’s merciful, when he can be.                Bucky takes a breath. He doesn’t think about Steve, frozen, underwater. He doesn’t think about himself, frozen, underground. He doesn’t think about anything.                He makes himself ask the question. “What are his odds of survival?”                “Unknown,” Coulson says. “We don’t know how he’s still alive. We can’t guarantee he’ll stay that way.”                Bucky nods. His right hand reaches out, and he lays his fingers against the ice, feels the bite of the cold set in almost immediately. Steve, he thinks. Steve, I left you down there.                 He left him down there for years.                Fury clears his throat. “When he wakes up--”                “If he wakes up, Director,” Coulson says, calm and polite but just a little sharp. There’s that mercy. Coulson, hedging bets, controlling expectations. Trying to protect Bucky, and, through that, the rest of the team.                “Yeah, fine, if he wakes up,” Fury says. “If he wakes up, we want you with him. A familiar face should help ease him into things.”                There is a chance that Steve will wake up. There’s a chance that Bucky will get him back.                Bucky feels the ice beneath his fingers start to melt. He wishes Tony were here, or Jason. He’s glad they aren’t.                “Alright,” he says. “Yes.”                “We’ve been thinking,” Coulson says, “that we should introduce him to the things slowly. We’re converting one of the exam rooms so it’ll imitate what he’s expecting. We could use your help with some of the details. We have very limited staff who were even alive in the 1940s, much less--”                “No,” Bucky says, immediately. He laughs, staring down at Steve’s face, imagining the catastrophe that would manifest if Steve woke up and thought he was being lied to, thought Hydra was trying to gaslight him. “No,” he says, “he’d bring the whole building down. Don’t lie to Steve. He doesn’t like it.”                There’s some hesitation behind him. He clocks it, but doesn’t pay much attention. They’ll do what he says. He’s not the only expert on Captain America, but he’s sure as hell the reigning authority on Steve Rogers.                “Okay,” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Jason Todd

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Timelines
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Canon-Typical Violence
Angst
Team as Family
Saving the World
Idiots in Love
References to Depression
Unhealthy Coping Mechanisms

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Tony Stark/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Jason Todd
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark/Jason Todd

