Chapter 1: Psycho Killer
    




Chapter Text
Like all good love stories, this one starts with an attempted murder. Peter receives the ominous text message not long after he has climbed into bed with the latest Stephen King novel, and his heart sinks as he reads the simple, brutal words which light up his phone from a number he doesn’t recognise:  People will die if you don’t get your spandex-clad ass to Warehouse 27 on the riverfront, Spidey.  Peter keeps two phones these days, both his normal phone and the phone he uses in his dealings as Spider-Man. He mostly uses the latter to send Tony and Steve photographs of him posing on top of increasingly tall buildings. Very occasionally, Tony will send him a text asking him to intervene with a local crime. But mostly the Spider-Man phone, a sleek iPhone, sits silently at the bottom of his bag. So who has the number? Peter considers calling Tony, but decides against it. He’s trying to prove that he can handle things like this by himself. Sighing to himself, he gets out of bed and slips into the Spider-Man suit, which was the first thing he hung up in his closet when he moved into this apartment a week ago. Stepping delicately over some of the unpacked cardboard boxes by the window, Peter inhales and leaps out. It is an easy journey down. The streets are unusually quiet, and a gentle drizzle makes the buildings slick. Peter has plenty of time to wonder who sent him that message as swings from glowing streetlight to glowing streetlight. This whole situation has him at a disadvantage. He has no idea what is waiting for him. Warehouse 27 is at the end of a row of enormous, quiet buildings. Peter climbs up the side and slides in through a window, landing quietly on the floor of a huge, empty room. The whole place is lit in harsh white light, and he looks around, searching for either victims of his apparent enemy or someone attempting to kill him. He feels his spidey senses prickle, and he shoots a web at the ceiling as the lights go out, plunging him into darkness. He swings himself up as the first shot rings out, narrowly missing him, and he cringes as he hears the bullet smash into the stone wall. He shoots another web from his wrist and swings across the room, hearing bullets chasing him as he moves. Tony built some impressive night vision technology into this version of the suit, and it activates automatically, allowing him a green-tinted view of the assassin below. “Hey!” he calls out, automatically. “Could you… could you not, please, bad guy?” The man is pointing the pistol at him, and Peter hears the satisfying click of the empty barrel. The assassin is a very strong looking man in a red-and-black spandex suit, clinging just a little too tightly to his body. A pair of katanas are strapped to his broad back, and a pair of night vision goggles are fastened over his masked face. Peter stares at him as he reaches the far wall, clinging to it and falling still. His heart is pounding in his chest. He recognises this man, but he can’t quite recall the name. Some sort of criminal? They’ve definitely never met. The assassin has no motivation to lure Peter out here and attempt to shoot him. The assassin is standing, silent, the gun still pointing at Peter. He makes no move to change the clip. “Um… hey?” Peter says. “Did you mean to try to shoot me?” The man cocks his head, as though he is listening intently, although nobody is speaking. Finally, he speaks in a surprisingly warm voice. “Absolutely ridiculous,” he says. Peter is absolutely baffled. “Sorry, what?” he asks. The man shakes his head. “Not you. Well, yes, you, but I wasn’t talking to you.” “Do you want to put the gun down, bad guy?” Peter asks, in what he hopes is a firm voice. He has to try to get control of this weird situation. “Not really, Spidey.” The man takes a step forward. Peter reacts automatically, shooting two jets of web which coat the man’s boots and stick him quite solidly to the floor. The man stills, shuffling experimentally. “I have super strength,” the man says, conversationally. “I could probably escape from this kinky fuckery, baby.” His words make Peter flush awkwardly. He’s glad his face is hidden. There is something very pleasing about this man’s voice. “We might be here a while if you’re planning on wiggling your way out of this sticky situation,” Peter quips automatically. To his surprise, the man in red bursts out laughing. “Did you text me?” Peter asks. “Baby, if I’d known you were this charming and fucking  lithe, I’d have been texting you for weeks. And far more  interesting  things than the bullshit I sent tonight.” Peter is sure his face must be crimson beneath the mask, and he is almost glad when the lights go on suddenly, blinding him for a second as the suit automatically adjusts. Another man walks into the room, a man in a smart business suit with a tidy black beard. Peter does recognise this man: Antonio Pharaoh, a local legitimate businessman whose wife asked Spider-Man to 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Superheroes
Bad Jokes
Tinder
Angst
playing fast and loose with canon
College Student Peter
barista peter
Coffee Shops
Secret Identity
Virgin Peter Parker
Smut
Fluff and Angst
Light Dom/sub

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

