Chapter 1





Chapter Text




“I am a poor, wayfaring stranger traveling through this world alone,
And there's no sickness, toil or danger in that bright land to which I go.
I'm goin' there to see my mother—
She said she'd meet me when I come.
So, I'm just goin' over Jordan.
I'm just goin' to find my home.”
—Wayfaring Stranger, American folk song





“Hyah!” Teddy called, leaning over the dusty saddlehorn. The tempo of Inigo’s canter changed, smoothing out into a long-legged gallop as they passed the tourist trails that dotted the foothills and headed down into the wide basin of the valley. The winding path spread out before him, scattered with wildflowers as it bottomed out into rolling grassland. The shadow of the mountain fell across his shoulders like a cloak—he could feel the moment they broke free of it, sunlight beating against worn plaid.And with a subtle fanfare that never ceased to amaze Teddy, Montana’s big sky opened wide and blue and impossibly huge above him.Just look at this place, Mom, Teddy thought, tipping his face up to the endless blue. Beneath him, Inigo moved with a steady, trusting grace, hooves pounding against hard-packed soil. Can you even believe it’s real?Shadows streamed across the colorful grasslands, cast by the huge white clouds twisting in a steady breeze. Teddy and Inigo were one of those shadows; it felt, Teddy thought, like they were racing the wind itself. Inigo’s black mane lifted in the air, twisting into elegant shapes as they thundered through the valley. Teddy curled his fingers in it, resting his weight on the balls of his feet and leaning so close he could hear the draw of Inigo’s breath, could smell the sweat rising on his withers.He had an hour before he had to be back to the stables. He had an hour to pay his respects.“Hyah!” he called, crouching lower as Inigo picked up speed. “Hyah! Hyah!” He would make it or be damned for trying.Teddy fell easily into the rhythm of Inigo’s gallop, muscles relaxed as they passed through the valley. Birds rose at their approach, startling from the brush with warning trills. A grazing deer lifted its head, then bolted away. Teddy pressed his right knee into Inigo’s flank and felt the way his horse responded to his command, veering left. They passed through the shallow trickle of the mountain’s mighty stream, water rising in a sudden rainbow cascade. It pattered harmlessly against worn boots and the tooled leather of Inigo’s saddle.A few miles away, nestled safely in the foothills at the base of a single improbable mountain miles away from the main range’s purple-blue ridge, the Lonely Mountain ranch housed dozens of staff and scores of guests. The hands put the horses and cattle through their paces for kids and their indulgent parents. Herding dogs panted in the hot sun; the crack of gunfire and clay pigeons shattering punctuated the hum of ranch life. A dinner bell would be ringing soon, he knew, calling the guests in to the huge, pseudo-rustic lodge, and while they ate, the hands would hurry to stable and feed the mounts tired from a long day of picking their way through winding trails. He could practically feel the angry hornet’s nest buzz of activity at his back; he could feel the creeping awareness of work that needed to be done.But in the distance, straight as the crow flies, Teddy could see the pile of grey rock that marked his mother’s grave—and for the moment, nothing else mattered.He pressed his knee against Inigo’s flank, but Inigo was already turning toward the familiar landmark. It rose up against the sky, perched on the crest of a rolling hill. Wild ghost juniper clung to the cracks and crags of the cairn, berries an unexpected burst of blue.Teddy waited until he could make out the sharp leaves before he wound his fingers through the black mane, his other hand dropping to touch his horses’s neck as he murmured, “Whoa, whoa.” Inigo settled into a canter, then a trot, then a steady walk before coming to a stop a few feet away from where Teddy’s mother had been buried.“Good boy,” Teddy murmured, rubbing his hand across the dark neck. “Good, good boy.” He untangled his fingers, gripping the saddlehorn as he swung a leg free, and dropped easily to the ground. The juniper bush spilled over the lip of the cairn and covered the grass in a low fog. Its branches crunched under his bootheels as Teddy stepped back, then paused to tug off his hat and toss it onto the horn.He dragged his fingers through the longish ends of his blond hair, shaking out the drops of sweat beading his brow. No longer pulled by the wind, his plaid shirt clung to his shoulders and the dip of his spine; Christ, but it was a hot one.Teddy squinted up at the sun, then moved across the blanket of juniper. He reached out to rest a broad, calloused palm against sun-warmed rock.“Hey, Mom,” he said. His voice sounded small to his own ears; he cleared his throat and tried for a smile, thumb brushing over the pits and crags in an absent caress. There was no 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

freeform: 
Cowboys
Teddy makes a hot cowboy
Banter
Summer Romance
Expanded from YARBB story

fandom: 
Teddy Altman/Billy Kaplan

