Work Text:
You need to get home. You need to get home. Oh god why did you go to that birthday party you should have just stayed home. You should have taken that offer for a ride home. You should have done fucking anything else except taking the chance of walking home. You’re so stupid to think it wouldn’t hit you today. There were too many alphas at that party and you were too stressed for it not to come early. Your home isn’t too much farther you can make it and spend the weekend on a fake knot and ignoring the rest of the world.The familiar wetness and burning cramps start to spread faster and your gait ever so slightly slows despite the panic. You just couldn’t let some strange alpha find you. Even if the darkened street was surrounded with people no one would save an omega whose scent is just asking for trouble. A rough hand grabs you forcing you into an alley by a sickeningly sweet-smelling alpha.“Come here little bitch, I’ve got a knot just calling for an omega, so why don’t you come with me?” His gaze makes you shiver and shrink.“I-I have a partner already. Just let me go.” You protested weakly. Alpha’s like him are annoying at best and downright frightening at worst.“Don’t lie to me like that I can smell that you haven’t been marked, come on we’ll have fun together.” His grip tightened.You look around hoping to find someone who would be somehow willing save you. A sudden familiar costume of red and black flashes above you swinging leisurely. Spider-man! He’s saved omega’s in heat before and has never seemed affected by their scents. He’s your only hope to get out of this mess unclaimed.“Spider-man! Save me!” You scream, stomping the stranger’s foot and yanking your hand from his disgusting grip.  Your attacker freezes for a moment before lunging. Falling to the ground to trying to clumsily avoid him, you close your eyes instinctively and hope. The sudden snarls and the sharp hiss of a blade enter your ears. You flinch and curl up as you hear clothing ripping and a scuffle. Your eyes open after the sick crack of a skull hitting the floor. You see Spider-man crouched down over your prone body in a protective stance, chest heaving. Your attacker was slumped over and bleeding from the head. You thought he was dead until hearing a pained groan. To your confusion, A new alpha scent quickly permeated your nose and the entire alleyway. The scent was heavenly and smelled like home and mate. It was just what you needed to send you into full blown heat. Spider-man turns to face you and you could vaguely see that his mask was slashed and torn at his lower jaw to his upper check, revealing his lips and a slightly bleeding cheek.Oh. It made sense that his suit was able to hide his secondary gender. You blush and rub your thighs together to try and relieve some of the tension. Spider-man lets out a hypnotic purr but stops short and shakes his head. He gentle grasps your arms and tries to pull you up.“There y-you go cutie. I’ll get you out of here. Don’t worry at all. I’ll take you somewhere sa-” His voice cracked. His nose was inches away from your uncovered neck. He shudders after inhaling and tries to step back.You stop him and shoved your nose directly where Spider-man’s scent gland would be. His heady scent engulfed your senses and all you wanted was to permanently mix your scents together. You wanted to mate this alpha. You wanted him to possess you and fill you and take care of you. Having him growling and moaning for you-just you. You sigh as his arms wrapped around you and he held you closer giving in to his own instincts.“My alpha,” You purr and delight in the way your bodies fit together. You felt the outline of his straining bulge in his suit and your hips buck to rub your core against him. The friction causing you to pant and moan into his ear.“Ah-oh shit, oh shit oh shit I don’t-I’m not supposed-We-We shouldn't-” He continues to babble and protest as you rubbed your nose tirelessly into his still covered neck. His suit slipping little by little from your eager motions. You don’t stop until you finally felt a sliver of his scent gland. He freezes and moans softly as you drink in his scent from the source. Footfalls echo in the alley and you feel more than hear his resounding growl. The musky scent of another aroused alpha wafts through your nose. Your omega mind registers it and immediately disregards. Your alpha would handle it. Spider-man picks you up and starts running to get you away from that place and away from other alphas.Time seemed to fly by, you were too drunk on his scent and lust to keep track of how long or even where you were going. You snapped out of it as climbs up a fire escape and gently helps you through a window and into a room. His room. You make your way to his bed and collapse squirming with need and want. Spider-man follows and slams the window shut behind him. He begins to coat the Window and door with webbing as he rushed to completely secure you.He mutters frantically as he w
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Reader

freeform: 
Smut
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Breeding Kink
Fluff
Minor Violence
Minor Injuries
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Mildly Dubious Consent
No Plot
just porn
Nicknames
No (Y/N)
I just don't like it
no beta we die like men
mate
Mating Bites
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Pet Names
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Creampie
Vaginal Sex
Knotting

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Reader

