Chapter 1: Step1: Don't be seen
    




Chapter Text
“Karen? What the hell just happened?” Peter said quietly beneath his new Iron-Spider mask. His memory was hazy as of waking up moments ago on the ceiling of an unknown building. His visor only showed his vitals and the fact that Karen was rebooting. Great… at least he was pretty well known for talking to himself. And the building was empty so that was good luck on his side. It took Peter a minute to examine his surrounding before Karen would break the silence.
 
It seemed to be some sort of lab that he vaguely recognized. It was messy and dark with scattered pieces of dismantled armour and glowing blue accents. Before his dazed brain registered anything of importance, his AI came back online. 
 
“I’m sorry Peter. I was forced to reboot my systems. It also took me a moment to connect to the internet and I found out that there were some significant differences in my databases.”
 
“Uh, changes like what?” He said nervously. 
 
“According to local news sources and my connection to FRIDAY, You died two years ago under mysterious circumstances.”    
 
“You said that really calmly… Well I’m not dead. Are there any other major differences? I mean this could be… I don’t know. Didn’t the wizard guy say something about alternate realities? Wait, What’s the date in this uh, alternate earth?” 
 
“April second, twenty eighteen. about two weeks before the last time I was online. As for the so-called wizard...I don’t know… I was offline once you were out of range of earth.” 
 
“Okay… Alternate reality and a little bit of time travel then… uh, so I’m dead apparently. I guess that means I should avoid Mr. Stark and everyone else… I don’t want to reopen any wounds.” 
 
“That might be hard as we are in Stark Tower. And FRIDAY has already sensed a disturbance.”
 
“Oh shit… are we in the view of any cameras? If Mr. Stark sees me I think he might freak out a little bit.” a little bit… That was a bit of an understatement. After the ferry incident he really knew that Mr. Stark was pretty emotionally involved in him. Even at that early point in their history. And if he was anything like his mentee, Mr. Stark would blame himself and bury himself in some unhealthy coping mechanisms that would end up being majorly self-destructive after this realities Peters death. 
 
Peter knew that running into Mr. Stark then immediately leaving him would unnecessarily cause him a lot of pain. But at the moment, Mr. Stark could totally already know with the most advanced AI connected to the towers surveillance system. 
 
“Mr. Starks tower lab is equipped with practically every type of surveillance technology on and off of the market. It is very unlikely that you will be able to leave the tower without any trace. However, your face is not currently visible so It’s likely that Mr. Stark will assume that you were just stealing the Iron-Spider suit. Your counterpart was never given the chance to wear it to my knowledge." 
 
“That isn’t much better Karen. We need to find a way out of here. Where is Mr. Stark Anyway? I won’t even have to worry too much if he’s out of state or at the Avengers Compound.” Peter began to crawl towards a stealthily hidden ventilation shaft. He was vaguely aware that Mr. Stark usually made the vents big enough for a grown man partially because apparently Hawkeye used to sneak around in them and spy on people. 
 
Well it doesn’t matter anymore as Clint was currently with (read as: on house arrest) his family in an undisclosed location. Peter thought that it was a pretty light sentence after joining the rouge avengers who were going against the law. Peter was still a little bitter. Apparently only those who had some sort of guilt complex wanted to follow the law. He had only figured out the accords after they were released to the public and he was glad that he was on the right side. He had been taught of the importance of taking responsibility and all that shit since he was little. Hell, his uncle's favorite catch-phrase was ‘With great power, comes great responsibility.’  Peter knew more than most people the weight of responsibility. 
 
His inner monologue was cut off by his AIs soft voice. 
 
“I have contacted FRIDAY and it appears that we have found a loophole. Apparently Mr. Stark used to let you in without having to alert him. He didn’t delete the protocall once your counterpart died so at least we know he won’t receive a call concerning a certain undead spider-boy. However I cannot disable any cameras or delete any footage. Sorry Peter but it was the best I could do.” 
 
“That’s fine Karen. It’s all I need. I mean there won’t be an Iron suit charging at me so I guess that’s cool.” Peter breathed a sigh of relief. At least no alarms would go off. He might not be completely off of the grid but hopefully he won’t run into Mr. Stark before he can find a way to get home. “Okay, Can you get me a map of the vents? I can probably at least get to the roof. Then I can find a more pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Gamora/Peter Quill
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
peter parker & everyone basically
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Peter Parker & Gamora
Peter Parker & Howard Stark
Peter Parker & Peggy Carter
Peter Parker & the Guardians of the Galaxy
Peter Parker & Doctor Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy
Cindy Moon & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
BAMF Peter Parker
POV Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Soul Stone (Marvel)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Time Travel
Alternate Universe
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Peter is a Little Shit
Peter Quill is a good dad
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Aunt Peggy Carter
BAMF Peggy Carter
Soul Gem (Marvel)
Plot
slight team iron man bias
but it's not important
Canon Temporary Character Death
Everybody loves Peter Parker
Alternate Realities
interdimensional shit
Genius Peter Parker
hes a smart boy
Secret Identity Fail
Canon-Typical Violence
canon until A4
Not Beta Read
Peter-centric
Genius Shuri (Marvel)
Post-X-Men: Days of Future Past
spoilers for every marvel movie ever
spider-children
iron lad - Freeform
Angst
Fluff
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
BAMF Tony Stark
whoop i added the young avengers

fandom: 
Gamora/Peter Quill
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
peter parker & everyone basically
Minor or Background Relationship(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers & Sam Wilson
Peter Parker & Peter Quill
Peter Parker & Gamora
Peter Parker & Howard Stark
Peter Parker & Peggy Carter
Peter Parker & the Guardians of the Galaxy
Peter Parker & Doctor Strange
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Pepper Potts
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Miles Morales & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Gwen Stacy
Cindy Moon & Peter Parker

