Work Text:
There’s a gunshot and Steve hears someone behind him drop. He spins quickly, shield up, and then relaxes. Steve knows it’s an illogical reaction to seeing the rogue assassin whose exploits SHIELD tells like ghost stories to new recruits, but there’s a pirate with a gun that might have killed Steve lying dead on the deck between them and the Winter Soldier’s eyes have always been surprisingly warm. “Thanks,” Steve says.The Winter Soldier nods. “Always, for you, дорогой.”Natasha makes a choking noise from beside the railing where she’s just landed and Steve wonders again what exactly дорогой means. He’s asked Natasha before but when he told her it was something the Winter Soldier said to him, she’d looked at him like he was crazy and told him he must have mistaken the pronunciation.“Want to help rescue some hostages?” Steve asks.The Winter Soldier tilts his head. Steve takes that for a yes and sends him aft toward the engine room.The mission is a success—the hostages clasp Steve’s arms and stare at him with grateful eyes as he herds them to the plane, leaving only a skeleton crew—but Steve feels strangely empty when the Winter Soldier never reappears.-Steve first met the Winter Soldier in Vienna. He and Natasha had just finished detonating an AIM safehouse when the Winter Solider came walking out of the smoke.Natasha reacted in a split second, tackling Steve to the ground so hard he’d broken a rib and firing both her clips empty. The Winter Soldier had ducked and dove and not fired back. He’d removed his cracked goggles as he came closer, looking at Natasha quizzically as if he didn’t understand why she’d shot at him. “Are you okay?” he asked Steve, voice slightly muffled by a mask. He extended a hand down to help Steve up and Steve had a visceral sense of déjà vu as he let himself be pulled to his feet and dusted off.“Yes,” Steve said warily. “Who are--”The Winter Soldier never got the chance to answer since Natasha’s thighs were tight around his throat and she was trying to seal the deal with her garrote wire.“Jesus,” Steve said after the Winter Soldier threw Natasha off no less than four times before conceding and running off down an alleyway. He gave Steve a salute right before he disappeared and Steve returned it automatically. “Jesus, Natasha, who the hell was that?” he said, checking that her wrist wasn’t broken. She was breathing in harsh gasps and hadn’t taken her eyes of the spot where the Winter Soldier had vanished.“Put your helmet back on,” she said. “Let’s get to the jet.”“That was the Winter Solider,” Natasha said, once they were surrounded by the 16-inch titanium hull of the Quinjet. Steve heard the pilot curse.“Who’s the Winter Solider?” he asked.The Winter Soldier was a ghost, Natasha told him. Credited with over two dozen assassinations in the past fifty years, one of which sent a bullet straight through her abdomen. She showed him the scar tissue and Steve tried to reconcile it with are you okay, the firm clasp of a hand helping him up. “He disappeared off the grid right around when you were found in the ice,” Natasha said. “There was some concern that you were his next mission.”Steve wanted to know who decided to keep him off the Need To Know list on that little gem of information. “Well,” he said, “He didn’t seem too interested in killing me today.”“No,” Natasha said, looking at him oddly. “No, he didn’t.”-Steve saw the Winter Soldier again in Nuremberg, in Minsk and Krakow. His bullets were always aimed at Steve’s enemies. “Take better care of yourself, дорогой,” he said.-There’s a stack of files on Steve’s kitchen table when he gets back from the Lumerian Star. He’s glad he sat down before he started reading them. HYDRA is alive and well, functioning inside SHIELD.Steve remembers the agony of putting Schmidt’s plane down into the ice, how it felt when Zola’s train pulled in at Zurich, the end of the line, and Bucky wasn’t with him. Was it really all for nothing?He leaves Fury and Natasha cryptic voicemails about needing their insight on a post-mission review and packs the files back up.Steve has some idea of leaving the files with Sam for safekeeping in case the whole thing goes south. Somehow that transitions into leaving the files in Sam’s freezer and bringing him into the fold. "Man," Sam said, looking at a picture of the Red Skull as he shoved the folders behind a wall of Lean Cuisines, "You're gonna need all the help you can get."When he gets back to his apartment with Sam in tow, Steve finds that Fury has brought a friend too.“Neighbor,” Steve greets Kate.She grimaces. “Sharon, actually. Carter.”"Really?" Steve asks, startled. "Like--" Sharon nods. Steve looks for Peggy in her. There might be some resemblance in the jawline. Sharon points a Glock 19 at him and Steve instinctively raises his shield. She fires twice. The window behind Steve shatters and the HYDRA agent on the fire escape gasps around a collapsed lung."Okay," Steve says.There's another gunshot and the HYDR
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Awkward Flirting
Secret Identity
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

