Work Text:
The apartment in Kiev is thick with dust, fridge empty, air in the faucets.  Steve touches the tiny dining room table and tries to imagine Bucky sitting on the couch, thumbing through the few books on the shelves."He probably didn't even live here," Sam says, crouching at the front door.  He picks up letters dated from five months ago, the Cyrillic script incomprehensible to Steve.  Sam drops them on the pile of magazines that Steve had stepped over in his eagerness to find any evidence of life inside.  "Unless his alias was Ivan Shevchenko and he liked to read Nature Genetics in his free time.""Does it look like there's anything useful in the letters?""It looks like the power company's not too happy with him if the number of bills he has is anything to go by," Sam says, offering a wry smile.  "Sorry Cap."Steve looks around the apartment one last time.  Six weeks of chasing down leads all culminating in this dead end."Let's move on," he says.

_____
Natasha meets them in St. Petersburg by knocking on their hotel room door at 3AM.  Her windswept hair is pulled back into a ponytail and she's wearing a long coat.  She says, "Look, I've got to take care of something else for a day, alright?" which confuses Steve in his half-asleep state before he realizes that she's talking on her earpiece.  "I'll call you back later," she concludes and shuts the door behind her.Sam opens up a bottle of water to pour into the Keurig tank.  "Coffee?"

"Dark roast if they have it," Natasha says and drops the slim duffel bag she's carrying onto one of the chairs.  Steve goes for the hardcopy files they've collected while Sam pushes buttons on the coffee machine."Thought you could do with a bit more ammunition than they'd let through on civilian planes," Natasha says, indicating the bag."Much appreciated," Sam says.  Steve doesn't like to think about their extremely close call in Moscow--Sam's left ear is still taped against his head."Is this it?" Natasha asks as Steve hands her the folder.  Sam rummages around in his bag as she starts to flip through the pages.  He produces a hard drive that she absently takes."I haven't seen this encryption in years," she says after a long moment of looking at the papers"But you know it," Steve insists."Sure," she says, not even looking up, "Just give me an hour."

_____
One hour stretches into four.  Steve accidentally falls asleep listening to Natasha and Sam bicker over the best method of programming the de-encryption code for the files they've pulled off one scientist's computer.  He wakes up to Natasha pushing gently at his shoulder."Breakfast?"  She points towards the desk where there's a plate of eggs and rye toast.  Natasha has a piece of sausage sandwiched between two slices of the rye toast and she's eating it as she takes a seat back on Sam's bed and looks at his laptop."Where's Sam?""Out for a run."Steve heads into the bathroom to take a piss and splash water on his face.  He pauses with his hand on the doorknob and takes a breath to steady himself before pushing it open."What did you find?" he asks.Natasha looks at him--really looks at him.  "You can't unlearn what you learn," she says."I want to know," Steve says.

_____
Steve sometimes remembers the worst years of the depression, when he was twelve and his ma was still alive.  When Bucky was the orphan boy who had a smart mouth, like he'd come out of the womb swinging his fists and aiming to hit.  He'd face down boys twice his size and come out on top with a black eye and a cocky grin.  What he lacked in strength, he made up for in speed--until he started high school and shot up four inches against all odds and malnutrition.Steve remembers being sick the winter of 1930 when every drugstore in Brooklyn was selling tonic at a whole week's salary.  It was hard enough feeding two (sometimes three) people on a nurse's wage so Steve spent half a month trying his best not to cough and let on that he was sick again.  He had half collapsed walking home and Bucky had grabbed him under the arms, his panicked voice lost in the violent force of Steve's sudden coughing, blood and phlegm collecting in the palm of his hand until he blacked out.Bucky had gotten him the medicine.  Steve had been too delirious to ask how and it wasn't until he'd recovered that he realized that maybe he didn't want to know.  Bucky was the one who came to his side when the bullies started circling, the one who showed him how to dig for clams and what restaurants gave out free food at the end of the day if they could look sad enough.  He couldn't add thief to the list of reasons why he idolized Bucky.Not even when his ma started to make soup with actual chicken meat instead of stock and bones, not even when there were apples in the kitchen when there hadn't been for months--not when Bucky was lying on the other end of the narrow bed with his head on Steve's leg, reading the latest Dick Tracy in an exaggerated villainous voice and grinning at Steve like he wasn
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pining
Period-Typical Homophobia
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

