Chapter 1





Chapter Text
All Tony is aware of is pain. The pain of the cold seeping into his suit, the pain of his barely hanging on chest the pain of the enormity of what Steve had done.But most of all the pain of spending decades blaming Howard for killing his mother. Decades of ignoring Howard's grave and even trying to get his mother's grave moved away from his. Howard hadn't been a particularly good parent, had berated Tony, bullied Tony, made him feel insignificant, and ignored him entirely, but Howard hadn't deserved that hadn't deserved Tony's hatred and nightmare filled curses upon his spirit for the accident.Tony doesn't know how to feel about Barnes. Yes it was his hands that punched Howard and choked his mother but it was HYDRA controlling the action. As a ex-weapons maker Tony knows that responsibility falls on the person with the trigger. He's sure he doesn't want to kill Barnes. If he had Barnes would be dead. After all his suits have missiles in them. He could have flown outside and blown the whole place to hell of he had wanted to.So, he's not as mad at Barnes. Torture and mental manipulation are things that Tony has experience with. Things he knows and can empathize with. He isn't sure how far that understanding reaches. Maybe enough to get him some medical help in Denmark or Finland or some other country with decent healthcare. But Tony isn't sure about much farther than that. The person he's most angry with is Rogers. Rogers knew his parents were killed. Sure he claims to not have known it was Bucky, and Tony is willing to overlook the unlikeliness of that, but Rogers knew it was murder. Tony is self-aware enough to know that had Rogers lied about who had done it that Tony would still be pissed. Maybe still deliver that punch. But after he's have been calmer. All Rogers had to do was tell him about it being murder, and this whole thing would have gone easier.Tony's also pissed that Zemo’s fucking unnecessarily complicated plan worked as well as it did. Come on, the man's plan was the equivalent of a cartoon villain coming up with some stupid way to kill the hero involving balls triggering axes to cut ropes to move blocks, to trigger a mouse trap to snap the hero's head off. Tony lays in his suit, the cold numbing the pain, cursing everything that led him to this point. He can see every manipulation he was put through, every tactic used against him. He wants to make them all pay. Pay for using him, for abusing his trust, and most of all for hurting him. He can see it. He could have Wilson dishonorably discharged maybe even court marshalled. He could get bug boy in so much trouble with someone. He could take Barton’s family away Laura is probably already pissed a few pieces of information and she'd probably drop kick him off the planet, he would lock up Romanov, remove Maximoff’s powers, and then he would help Bucky and ruin Steve's reputation. He can see himself doing all of it, deep down he knows that Pepper and Rhodey would help him. He knows that in his bones. But… That would put him on par with them. He'd be no better. Happier but no better, vindicated but no better. He won't destroy them. Not fully. Wilson never really made an effort to fully reach out. They were on okay terms before Ultron but after he stopped trying. And Tony doesn't even know who bug boy is. He'll leave those two alone completely. He'll get Laura and the kids to a safe house and give her information if she asks but he's willing to let her be the one to punish Barton. There's probably nothing he can do about Romanov, she signed and then betrayed the accords. He won't actively pursue her for trial but he won't stop others from doing it, or lending a hand if he's asked. He'll let America revoke Maximoff’s Visa if that's what they want. The one he wants to hurt most is Rogers. He wants to destroy him. Rogers but he'll settle for exposing some of his checkered past and present.He doesn't want to ruin them completely but he's been abandoned to die in a bunker in Siberia. He deserves to indulge in a little revenge and pettiness. The most important thing is that the public no longer treats them like infallable gods. Rogers will learn to be accountable for his deeds. Without Tony to guide him through it because Tony is done with coddling them like spoiled children. Hell Rogers is technically older than him anyway.Tony is snapped out of his fantasy of Rogers having to return to those dancing monkey days in order to help fund his team without Tony by the sounds of several jets landing. Hope surges in his chest at the idea of being rescued, but it quickly dies out when he realizes that there are too many sets of feet for it to be a rescue from his side or Roger's. Maybe it's the Russian police. Tony is here legally, so that's not a problem. They'll take him to a hospital and when he's good enough to go he'll head to the US.That hope lasts about as long a heartbeat before Tony realizes that the Russian police wouldn't arrive
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
BAMF Charles
Erik Has Feelings
Protective Erik
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team as Family
Dysfunctional Family
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Loki Posing as Odin
POV Alternating
Thanos (Marvel) Dies
Erik Lehnsherr Loves Charles Xavier
BAMF Tony Stark
Charles Xavier has a Ph.D in Adorable
Adorable Tony Stark
Beast Hank
Family Bonding
Temporary Character Death
Sharing a Bed
Sleepy Kisses
Awesome Phil Coulson
BAMF Phil Coulson
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

