Chapter 1: all my fault
    




Chapter Text
Peter Parker was Spider-Man. 
Nobody knew it. Every day after school, he put on his red sweatshirt with blue sleeves and pants and the red mask with black goggles, and went out to fight crime under another name, another identity. As soon as he put that mask on, he was a different person. A better person.

 

Maybe that’s why he loved it so much. To be someone else, to be someone cool, someone that people admired, even if it was just for a few hours every day, made Peter feel special. Made him feel like maybe he was more than just a high school nerd, more than just a kid who got picked on and loved LEGOs.

 

And whenever Peter saw the Avengers on the news... they inspired him. He wanted to be like that, to be one of the people whom everyone looked up to.

The Avengers? They had it made. Everyone loved them. Everyone would give anything to be like them. Especially Peter Parker. Lucky for him, he was one step closer than the rest. The spider that had bitten him six months prior had transferred its proportional abilities to Peter's body. Thanks to these powers and the web shooters he had engineered himself, he was like a little superhero. And he loved being a little superhero. But sometimes he wanted something a little bigger.

 

School was boring. Especially in comparison to flying around the city in a red and blue costume and helping people under a different name and a different face. So as soon as that faithful last bell rang and it’s shrill, hollow cry echoed through the halls, Peter sprinted out the door and ran into the alley, his alley, where he could change himself into something better.

 

Peter went into the alley, and sixty-five seconds later, Spider-Man ventured out, donned in his costume that may have looked cheesy but was the best Peter could do (and frankly, he thought it looked pretty cool).

 

And so Spider-Man scaled the building next to him, sat on the roof and waited for excitement.

 

The first thing he saw was smoke, about three miles away. He swung over and arrived within a minute. A building was on fire.

 

Spider-Man looked around. A few people had escaped the burning building, but the firefighters had not yet arrived. He went over to a woman who was coughing next to him, a burn on her shirt. "Are you OK?" he asked.

 

"Please, sir," the woman cried, grabbing onto Peter. "My son is in there! He's four! I tried to go get him but they wouldn't let me --"

 

Before she could finish, Spider-Man took off.

 

He scaled the building. It wasn't that tall, and he could feel its structural insecurity. Fear welled up within him. What if I don't make it? he thought. What if they die? What if I die before I make it to them?

 

He heard a scream coming from one of the rooms. He ran toward it. The door was locked. He was starting to have trouble breathing now, as the smoke began to fill his lungs. He coughed.

 

Spider-Man backed up and then ran at the door, using the force of his body weight against the crumbling wood. The door came down.

 

He looked around him and quickly saw a little boy hiding under a tall wood table. Peter knelt down next to the kid. "I'm gonna get you out of here, to your Mommy, but you're going to have to come out, OK?" The kid nodded and slowly crawled out from under the table. Peter picked him up gently and ran.

 

Spider-Man only barely made it out before the house crumbled down behind him, devoured by the hungry flame. He ran over to the woman, who was still crying hystarically, and gave the boy to her. "Thank you," she sobbed, as she held her son tight. Spider-Man ran over to a police officer who had just arrived with the firefighters, who had quickly gotten to work quenching the greedy flames. "Was anyone else in there?" Peter asked, afraid of the answer.

 

"No," the uniformed woman replied, sending a wave of relief through Peter's body. "Just the kid. Thank you."

 

He nodded, and before she could ask him who he was, he flew off on his webs.

 

While he was on his way back to the tall building where he did most of his watching, Spider-Man heard a noise. A gunshot. It was about a mile away. He raced toward it, hearinng more gunshots as he swung. A spark of fear was elicited within him when he noticed he was getting closer and closer to his own apartment.

 

He dropped from the sky next to his own building, where a man wearing a black mask and holding a gun ran out of the door. Spider-Man jumped on him, knocking him over, and grabbed his gun. "What are you doing, man?" the teen shouted. Just then a police officer rolled up in his car and jumped out. "Hey!" he shouted, pointing his gun. "Put your hands up!" Spider-Man then realized that the officer was pointing the gun at him. His heart started to beat way too fast as he realized that he was wearing a mask and carrying a gun and holding a person down, appearing to have just committed the crime. The real criminal had even taken off his mask, and now looked like 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Poor Peter Parker
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant
Pre-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Alternate Universe - Spider-Man Fusion
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Pre-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Parent Tony Stark
Protective Tony Stark
Domestic Avengers
Post-Avengers (2012)
Avengers Family
Post-Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie)
Avengers Tower
Protective Avengers
Avengers Feels
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Homeless Peter Parker
Major character death - Freeform
Major Character Injury

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker & Steve Rogers
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers

