Chapter 1: The Contract
    




Chapter Text
Author: StarLight Massacre Title: Iron-Bound Commitment Rating: M Warnings: M/M, Forced Marriage, dubious consent on both sides due to forced consummation, sort of Mpreg via surrogacy, violence, language. Pairing: Tony Stark/Harry Potter
 
Disclaimer: I do not own anything from Harry Potter or the Marvel universe; all rights go to J. K. Rowling, Marvel comics and Stan Lee. I make no money for this piece of fictional writing and never will. Summary: Appalled by the sudden emergence of a legal contract, Harry and Tony now risk losing everything they’ve built up if they don’t comply. On the one hand, a marriage with a complete stranger, and on the other, losing absolutely everything they own. When personalities clash and tempers run high, lives are left in tatters as CEO Potter takes on CEO Stark in a desperate struggle to negate the contract. Will either of them win, or will the contract end up being a blessing in disguise? Additional Notes: I have de-aged the Harry Potter timeline by ten years to make this plot work better, and additionally I have moved the events of Avengers Assemble forward by one year. So Loki attacked New York in 2011, not in 2012, but that is the only difference in both timelines. All canon events still happened, with a few added extras that are mentioned within the fic. This fic starts on July 31st 2011 and because of the de-aging, Harry is 21. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ X 
Iron-Bound Commitment
 
Chapter One – The Contract
 Anthony Edward ‘Tony’ Stark clenched a fist as he read through the contract in front of him, feeling his heartrate pick up further with each page that he turned over. He was outwardly calm and collected, but inside he was seething. “It’s fake.” He said as he reached the end of the last page, speaking in his calmest, ‘I’m not bothered by this’, tone. He was proud that his voice didn’t actually waver with how angry he was feeling. “I assure you, it’s not fake.” The severe woman who had brought this innocent looking contract to his desk insisted crisply. “This document has been with our offices for several decades now, waiting to be enforced. The terms were missed with your Father, but now the opportunity has finally arisen and this contract is now fully enforceable.” Tony looked at the names listed on the contract. His Father’s name was there, Howard Anthony Walter Stark. He was supposed to have been married to the first suitable child born of Fleamont and Euphemia Potter, but they hadn’t had children until they were really old. The contract had been written up in the nineteen-forties, but their first child had come twenty years after. They’d had a son named James Potter who was born in March nineteen-sixty, ten years before Tony was born himself.But Howard had avoided the terms of the contract, which stipulated that he had to marry a child of Fleamont Potter and his wife, by marrying Maria Collins Carbonell before James Potter had reached the age of twenty-one. So a proxy had been named on the contract. Anthony Edward Stark.This contract and its terms had been passed onto him. He was supposed to have married this James Potter, a man ten years older than himself. Only James Potter had avoided the terms of the contract when he had married a woman, Lily Evans, when they were both twenty, and again the contract, which stipulated that those marrying had to be a minimum age of twenty-one, was unenforceable. Until James Potter had had his own son in nineteen-ninety who had been added to the contract as a proxy. Harry James Potter. A boy who had turned twenty-one today, and with Tony being unmarried himself, as he hadn’t known about this stupid contract that had been written thirty years before he’d been born…they were now subject to the terms of this contract. Trapped into it without any foreknowledge and without a way to negate its terms. “We’re both men.” Tony hissed through his teeth. “Unfortunately the contract does not make limitations based on gender.” The woman told him simply. Tony wanted to pick her up and throw her from the room and spend the rest of his life pretending that none of this had happened. “I assume that your grandfather, Howard Sr, believed that at least one of his descendants would have a daughter, or that one of the Potters would have a daughter. But that said, with the current stance on same-sex marriage being legal and accepted in most states of this country, and in Great Britain too, it is not grounds to void the contract. And despite both you and Mister Potter being male, the contract is still legally enforceable as your grandfather never stipulated gender as a voidable reason for not fulfilling the contract.” Tony felt like his world was falling down around him, there was a faint buzzing in his ears, growing louder by the second, as he realised that he, a forty-one year old, would be forced to marry a twent
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

freeform: 
Mpreg via surrogacy
Violence
Explicit Language
Dubious Consent due to forced consummation
Forced Marriage
CEO Potter versus CEO Stark
Asexual Harry

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Happy Hogan/Pepper Potts
Hermione Granger/Ron Weasley

