Chapter 1: Six More Weeks of Winter
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
"Good morning, sir. It's seven a.m., Thursday fourteenth. The weather in New York City is thirty-five degrees and clear, with an expected high of fifty-four."It sure was. It always was."Hold all calls, cancel all reminders." Tony stared at the ceiling for three seconds then got out of bed. He brushed his teeth and got dressed. He went to the workshop.Okay. Morning. Time to start again.--Being stuck in a time-loop was a lot more boring than movies made it seem.In theory, the idea of being able to do anything you wanted with no consequences sounded like a lot of fun. When you were Tony Stark, however... you'd already done most of the things you wanted with no consequences. It turned out not to be particularly different to any other day that ended in -y.But there were no new movies. No new jokes. No new proposals from R&D to review.Tony had started a hundred, a thousand, probably hundreds of thousands of conversations and after long enough (a single day, again and again and again and...) they all repeated each other.There was one day, and only so many different ways he could spend it.--During one version, Tony decided he kind of missed the taste of... something. Having tried all the food he could think of, he didn't usually bother to eat anymore unless he just missed tasting things. His body never got around to hunger pangs. "Time," he said."The time is ten forty-six a.m., sir."That meant the path was clear. No one was in the lounge and the kitchen between 9:14 and 11:37 unless Tony himself did something to alter the course of the day. He put down his lightpen and went upstairs.Only, when he stepped into the kitchen, it wasn't empty.Tony cocked his head, surprised for the first time in… a long time. Thor was still in the kitchen. Thor left the kitchen at 9:14. Thor hadn't left the kitchen. What was even more surprising was that Thor was hugging some guy dressed like a cartoon villain. Actually, it was all the black leather that stirred Tony's memory. Long ago, before this one repeating day, when he'd first met aliens and Captain America, and nearly died in outer space.What was the wicked stepsister called?Loki, right. Loki… was new.Thor didn't change. Thor didn't ever change, acting out the same day over and over and over again. So the change could only mean that Loki…Loki... had changed it?Fortunately Tony's body could operate on autopilot. "So…" he drawled, waggling his eyebrows, "can anyone get in on this action?"Thor and Loki startled apart; Thor looked like he was about to offer an explanation, but Loki scowled and flung his hand out.Something thumped against Tony's chest. He stared down in shock at the knife protruding from his chest.And then he died.--There were a few things Tony had found to try out, once he came to terms with the fact that he was actually in a genuine time-loop. The sensation of getting tattooed (hello, endorphin rush), no lasting marks to regret. That was a good one. Sex with men was another one, no worries about anyone deciding to 'go public'. He'd managed to assassinate the leader of every single UN member state, plus the Pope. Cheesy pranks using foreknowledge of people's actions, that was just obvious.In one version he'd taken the opportunity to tell all the most important people in his life how much he appreciated them. Unfortunately, that had meant the rest of a day with Pepper afraid he was dying again. In retrospect, he could have planned that out better, but it got the urge out of his system.Another version, he'd set up a game of minigolf on the deck of the SHIELD helicarrier. It had seemed... wait. Had that been another version? Or had it been... before? Back in 'real time'.He wasn't entirely sure.Yeah. So. He'd already tried most of the things in life that he was interested in trying. Visited the places he wanted to go. Eventually, the only thing he could really do was sequester himself in his workshop and attempt to completely revolutionize modern science until he uncovered a way to stop this bullshit.--Loki throwing the knife at him wasn't the first time Tony had died. It was unsettling; left his mind panicked and shocky, left his body feeling profoundly wrong for the first few hours of the next version of the morning.Needless to say, in the next version, Tony did not decide to go looking for food. Let the god wannabes have their little family reunion uninterrupted. He recreated his time machine concept diagram (again, and again, and again...) and began laboriously poking at the equations, trying to make something work.Maybe he needed a different tack. He'd discarded a few dead ends already. This one had seemed like it really had potential. He could drop into CERN again to argue about the Wheeler-Feynman absorber theory with John Cramer...It was... already four in the afternoon there. More like five if he showered and shaved before suiting up a
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Groundhog Day
Temporary Character Death
Time Loop
Technobabble
thaumobabble
probably still better science than Marvel though
Post-Iron Man 3
Post-Thor: The Dark World
Pre-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Mental Instability
Implied/Referenced Suicide attempt
enemies to quantum entangled particles
it's a thing

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

