Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
There’d been an irritatingly familiar itching, restless sensation building in Clint for the last few weeks. He’d experienced it enough times by now that he ought to be used to it, but for some reason, this time it just wouldn’t go away. He’d tried going down to the range and absolutely obliterating some practice targets, both as mindless blank marks and with the imagined faces of his worst personal enemies on them. He’d tried sitting down and talking to Nat, but that got him nowhere; same with calling Laura, not that she was as willing to listen to him these days as she used to be, and it wasn’t like he could talk to his kids about the regrets of his professional career and the lives on his hands.At least, those were the things that used to bother him. And it was easier, then, to deal with them. He could find catharsis in archery, in honing himself into an even more precise and deadly weapon. That helped him deal with missed calls, with bad missions and deadly situations gone awry. It helped a bit after New York and Loki, too, working harder than ever to be sure he could control every aspect of his body. He’d taken a page out of Banner’s book and tried tea and meditation, too, which actually helped a bit—the patience of a sniper made him a decent candidate for quiet, still activities—and, as much as he might not have wanted to admit it at the time, talking to the therapist SHIELD had gotten him had helped too. So had talking to Nat, and Laura. But Nat was harder to talk to these days. With everything that had happened to them, between them, they’d been driven apart just a tiny bit. He’d still trust her with his life and he knew she’d do the same with him, but they just didn’t connect the way they used to. Part of it was his own problems with everything that had happened with the Avengers, and part of it was hers. They just couldn’t talk about the heavy subjects anymore without being weighed down by their own guilt and regrets.And Laura wasn’t as easy an option now, not since he’d walked out on them again after promising he was done. As he’d come to realize, he wasn’t done, even if he’d tried to hang it up and walk away. He went so readily at Cap’s call because he was desperate for action, because the decision to retire had been hasty and badly timed. It wasn’t that he loved Laura or the kids any less, but trying to just quit the life of an agent and Avenger cold turkey had been a mistake.Laura understood that, after some long talks and well-deserved anger. The kids did too, for the most part. They were pretty much back to where they had been before, with Clint working with the Avengers and visiting when he could. The kids treated him pretty much like before, Laura was a little frostier. She hadn’t divorced him, but it had been a near thing. In the end, they’d agreed that it was best for the kids that they stay together and make it work like before. He still loved her with everything he had and he knew she still loved him too, but it just… wasn’t the same. She didn’t hold the same playful spark around him, she didn’t greet him with quite as much enthusiasm, and she didn’t care to hear about the difficulties of his job, not when it was clear he’d chosen it over his family.That was what his life had come to now; a series of bad decisions and regrets. As much as it was nearly impossible to just put away his bow and retire completely, it was also harder than it should have been to integrate back into the Avengers. Part of it was their broken team dynamics and the gaping wounds they were all trying studiously to ignore, but part of it was just him. He’d spent the first part of his exile in Wakanda ranting and raving about Stark, convinced by both his own blindness and Steve and Wanda’s anger that Stark was responsible for breaking up the team and forcing them into hiding, keeping Clint from his family. But it hadn’t taken long for that to dissipate. It had only taken one pointed, pissed off letter from his wife, delivered reluctantly by one of T’Challa’s people via Tony Stark—making it clear that Stark knew exactly where they were and had just chosen to ignore them—for Clint to lock himself in his room for three days, reevaluating everything about himself.It wasn’t Stark’s—Tony’s—fault he was here. Maybe Steve felt that way, maybe Wanda too, and maybe they had a point, the two of them. But Clint hadn’t been involved at all. He’d gone with Steve not because he believed in his cause, but because he needed to be useful again, desperately wanted to be back in the field. If Tony had called first, Clint would have joined his side in a heartbeat, and then he might have been back at home, cursing Cap’s name for abandoning them—or maybe not. Despite his attitude to the press and the public, despite all their comments about his ego and his need to be at the top, Tony was never as quick to point out faults in any of them as th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Exactly Team Cap Friendly
Hurt Tony
character death is not of anyone on team iron man

fandom: 
None
