Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Loki despised the Avengers; pathetic, useless, boring mortals. He would rather serve his penance for the attack against Jotunheim on the frost giant’s own realm; throw him to the monsters, he would find it more invigorating than being stuck with the Midgardians.But no, he was forced to remain with these dismal creatures, forced to concede to their ridiculous whims and save their puny world. The latest suggestion--raised by his own traitorous, fool of a brother--was the newest disgusting insult.“I refuse,” Loki growled at the table of mortals, glaring at the one-eyed leader of SHIELD.“This is the best chance we’ve ever had to infiltrate his ranks,” Rogers implored. “He’s our greatest threat, Loki.”“You want me,” Loki hissed, “to turn into a cat and become his pet.”“We need a way in,” Romanov said quietly. “He doesn’t trust anyone new; this is the best way to get close to him.”Loki smiled sharply. “Yes, you know that from experience; do you not, Agent Romanov?”The woman didn’t flinch or react to his snipe, but Barton did glare at him for it. Loki just grinned wider, after all, reading about the Avengers numerous failures had always been the greatest source of Loki’s entertainment since arriving on the planet.And there was no adversary more dangerous to the Avengers than Anthony Stark.Stark was, by Loki’s estimation, the smartest mortal on the planet. Loki could also see a little of himself in the man, and that was perhaps the highest compliment Loki would ever give a Midgardian. Stark had also been wise enough to never once underestimate Loki. He was the one foe that the Avengers had never beaten and the one adversary who tended to distract the other heroes so that he could fight Loki one on one. The mortal was curious about him, and a small part of Loki was pleased by the attention. It didn’t mean he had any interest in becoming a spy inside the mortal’s heavily armed and guarded home. He might despise his living quarters on the SHIELD base, but not to the point of spending months inside his feline form just because the mortals had demanded it.“If you do this brother,” Thor implored, “I will speak with father about reducing your sentence.”Loki flicked his eyes to the thunderer, genuinely intrigued by that offer. He was forced to serve the mortals for half a century and any time removed from that punishment would be preferred. “Oh? And how much time would you petition?”Thor was thinking very carefully, his time among the Midgardians having made him annoyingly contemplative and less prone to rash decisions. “A year will be removed from your sentence.”“Five years,” Loki instantly countered.“Done,” Thor agreed and Loki blinked slightly at the unexpected agreement. When Thor just grinned triumphantly Loki felt as if he’d somehow been tricked although he couldn’t discern where.He settled instead for telling Thor with a dismissive tone, “Odin will not agree.”Which meant that Loki would not need to worry about the mortal’s degrading request. When Thor began to smile even wider, Loki got the sinking feeling of miscalculation.“Actually,” Fury drawled, “we had Thor speak to Odin first.”“He would have gone as high as ten years off your sentence,” Barton told him with a smug smirk. “You sold yourself low.”“But thank you,” Romanov told him with a smirk, “for your cooperation.”Loki could only stare at the mortals with a shock that soon turned to disgust and fury.Oh, how he loathed these people.
Loki continued to despise them as he sat in one of the animal shelters Stark was intending to visit to look for his new pet. The mortal was--according to SHIELD’s intelligence--‘shopping for a cat to complete the evil villain cliché’. Loki was meant to become that cat.Loki’s usual preference when in his feline form was a black cat with green eyes, but the mortals deemed it ‘too recognisable’ which was what found him as, what the mortals called, a ‘ blue-eyed siamese’. He was currently sitting in a stall, waiting impatiently for the famed adversary to enter the establishment. Loki was then meant to charm the man into choosing him, something Loki had little doubt he would manage, but it irritated him nonetheless to be forced to do the mortals bidding.It was as he was sitting in his cage, flicking his tail angrily that he heard Stark’s voice as he flirted and talked with the attendants. Stark, after all, was still only known to the public as the billionaire, genius, playboy, philanthropist; the public had no idea that behind his Malibu home and New York Tower laid the Iron Man armour that made him the Avengers greatest foe.Loki was both amused at Stark’s ability to manipulate the media and public, and appalled at the sheer idiocy of the Midgardian masses that they were unable to realise or believe the truth about Anthony Stark. But then, the Aesir had fawned similarly over Thor, his brother had just never had the brains nor inclination to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Wordcount: 5.000-10.000
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Villain Tony Stark
Shapeshifting
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Lokitty
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
BAMF Tony Stark
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
Developing Relationship
Loki (Marvel) is Not Amused
Cat Loki (Marvel)
Not Canon Compliant
Deception
Tony Being Tony
Fluff and Humor
Arc Reactor
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Feels
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Fluff
Feels
Happy

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

