Work Text:
“Mr. Stark?” Peter asks nervously. He doesn’t look up from the paper where he’s scribbling formulas.“Uh oh. Last week I thought we were almost at ‘dad’, and now we’re back to Mr. Stark? What gives, kid? Am I in trouble?”“That was an accident,” Peter mumbles, turning red at the reminder of the time he almost called Tony ‘dad’. “Forget it.”“No, Pete, it’s okay. I liked it. You can call me dad if you want.” Tony tries not to laugh, but it’s not mean laughter. He’s overjoyed that the kid sees him as a father figure. “C’mon, spit it out. You’re acting weird.”“No I’m not! I just...um. I have a favor to ask? Promise you won’t laugh?”“I won’t laugh. Whatever you want is yours, bud.”“Well, it’s not a material thing. And you don’t have to say yes! It’s just...well, my class is touring the tower this Friday. It’s cool if you’re busy, but I just thought it would be really cool for all the other kids if the Avengers could kinda...make an appearance?”“That’s all?” Tony asks, almost shocked at how anxious Peter was just to ask that. “Of course, buddy. Consider it done. I’ll even have Thor give all your classmates a chance to try lifting the hammer. They’ll go crazy for that. You’ll be the coolest kid in school.”“No, Tony, wait. That’s the other thing. I really need you guys to pretend that you don’t know me. I don’t want all that attention; I just want my friends to have fun.” Peter’s voice has the same pleading intensity that it had when he begged Tony not to tell May about Spider-Man. Once again, he’s floored by the pure goodness of this kid.“Peter, has anyone ever told you how damn selfless you are?” he asks.“Tony.”“Yes, I promise. We won’t say a thing. I’m really proud of you.”-When the day of the field trip comes, Peter is so excited that even Flash’s teasing can’t get to him. Sure, it almost makes him wish that the Avengers would acknowledge him today just to see the look on Flash’s face, but it’ll be enough just to be able to prove that he’s actually an intern at Stark Industries. That won’t draw any unwanted attention, and it’ll get Flash off his back. That’s all he needs.When they get to the tower, an intern named Leah hands out visitor badges. She waves shyly at Peter as she passes, and he blushes. Tony always teases him for his crush, but she’s just so sweet and pretty. He flashes his badge to show her that he has it, and she smiles before moving on. Flash watches the interaction with a sour look, and Peter fights off a smug grin. He’s not here to make Flash look dumb. He just wants him to lay off for a bit.Finally, everyone has a badge, and they start passing through the scanners. Peter panics slightly as FRIDAY recites ‘Visitor, Level 1’ when each student passes through. Even when Leah passes through, she just says ‘Intern, Level 4’. Peter is expecting to draw attention with the usual ‘Peter Parker, Level 10’, but he sighs his relief when FRI just repeats Leah’s credentials. Tony really does think of everything, and yet he thinks Peter is the considerate one.They only tour the first Research and Development level and the display rooms, but even Peter is still impressed by the stuff there. There are some really cool displays: Cap’s very first shield, the original arc reactor, a notebook of Dr. Banner’s research on gamma radiation. There’s even what Peter knows to be a very bare bones report on the Red Room and another on Hydra’s attempts to recreate Dr. Erskine’s work on Project Rebirth. It’s like an Avengers Museum.Peter stands and reads a report on Peggy Carter and her work alongside Howard Stark to found SHIELD while the rest of his classmates mill about.“Did you meet her?” Ned’s voice startles him, and he nearly jumps out of his skin.“Jesus, Ned!” he whisper-shouts. “No. I wish I could’ve, but she died right before I met To- Mr. Stark.”“She was a badass,” Ned says reverently.“Fuck yeah,” MJ agrees, and once again, Peter jumps.“Why is everyone sneaking up on me today?! I’m gonna have a heart attack.”“Okay, everyone!” Leah yells, and the students quiet and turn toward her. “That’s it for our tour, but if you’ll follow me, we have something very special for you!”The noise in the room rises once again as students talk to each other while following Leah to a large auditorium. She instructs everyone to sit in the first row, and a screen comes down as the lights dim. The sound of a projector clicking on can be heard from the back of the room, and the screen lights up with a video of Captain America. It’s a lot like the ones they show at school, except when it finishes, the room goes dark again. Everyone gasps collectively when the screen retracts and the lights come back up to reveal all the Avengers lined up on the stage. Peter laughs silently at the dramatic entrance so obviously coordinated by Tony.They’re all there - Tony, Steve, Rhodey, Sam, Thor, Nat, Clint, Wanda, Bruce, even Bucky - and Peter feels his heart swell. Tony is such a good dad.“Hi, everybody!” Tony says over the cheers of Peter’s cla
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Has a Family
Peter Parker is Worthy
Shy Peter Parker
Peter Parker Has Anxiety
Peter Parker Can Lift Mjolnir
Peter Parker Can Wield Mjolnir
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Natasha Romanov
Avengers Family
Not Canon Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Spider-Man: Homecoming Compliant

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark

