Chapter 1: A Mother's Return
    




Chapter Text
Hela stepped into the world of the living for the first time in years. The world seemed so bright compared to Hel but at the same time it was still dark. Her gaze washed over those before her upon her return from her banishment. She cared little about them as she reached out with her magic searching for the one she had left long ago when she had temporarily been able to escape her prison.
“You must be Hela, I’m Thor son of Odin.”
She spared him a glance completely uninterested in the second born child of Odin. Odin had banished her when she had grown up to be the war loving goddess he raised her to be. Her magic found what she was looking for and with her heart pounding with both excitement and anxiety she teleported from her younger brother and the other she hadn’t yet heard the name of.
When she arrived she stared uncertain what she was looking at. A trembling hand reached out to touch the far to pale man that lay in the medical room. The machines hooked up to him left her feeling terrified for his health. She could feel it on him; death was clinging to him desperately trying to claim him. He was her son though and he would fight even when he was weakened and should have been claimed if he were anyone else. She finally reached out to touch his cheek.
“My Anthony…my Tesoro.” She whispered to her son who couldn’t hear her.
In her rage at his current state her magic caused the machines attached to him to crash against the wall. Her magic engulfed the room to keep all others out but also to sink into his body mending all the damage she could find. Fearing Odin finding him she had been forced to hide away his heritage. With the limitations of his human nature he had aged at the normal human rate. She ran her fingers through his dark curls that had begun to grey with that aging. His face showed his age as a middle aged human male but he also bore the signs of a man stressed with his daily life.
“Oh my dear Mimmo, what has this world done to you?”
She lifted his still form as she cradled him close. Her magic took them from the sickly smelling room as she sought out his residence. It was fairly easy to find. Her precious child had always been so smart and talented. Even in his mortal state his magic found a way to escape and did so with his creations. Each one that was created with love and affection bearing a part of him in the form of his magic. It was how she found herself standing before a being unlike anything she’d seen before. She knew the gem within his forehead well; Odin had spoken of the infinity gems and their power on several occasions. If she had to guess she’d say it was the mind stone.
“Who are you and why do you have Mr. Stark?” The machine/person asked.
“I am Hela of Asgard, though I know it may not make sense to you I am his mother. I took him from that sickly place so he may wake healthy within his home.”
The red being studied her a moment before he gave a small nod.
“Did you heal him?”
“I did, I am as talented a mage as I am a warrior. And you are?”
“I am Vision; I was brought to life by Mr. Stark, Dr. Banner, and Thor Odinson.”
She would have to look into that later as she was uncertain how the three had produced such a being. His soul though was a result of her son; she could see his magic flowing through it. No one else could craft a soul in such a way.
“Very well, it is a pleasure to meet you Vision. Please lead me to my son’s chambers, I wish to put him to bed.”
Vision led her and watched as she tucked Tony into bed. She watched him for a few moments with a sorrowful gaze for how long she had been apart from him. When she left his room she looked at the being her child had created.
“You are his only family?”
Vision hesitated before he shook his head.
“He has others; would you like to meet them?”
She wanted to but not yet. She would seek his permission first before meeting the others his son had surrounded himself with.
“Later when he has awakened. For now I wish to know if he kept my piano.”
Asgard had no love of music other than for entertaining visiting royalty and nobles. During her years as the mortal woman Maria she had learned to play the musical instrument and had found it calmed some of the rage within her. She had taught her son to play in his youth when her husband had not been teaching him to craft as he did. To see her piano still well cared for she sat before it and let her fingers press into the familiar keys. She recalled the song she had sung the last time she saw her child. It passed from her lips with a familiarity that did not suggest it had been a few decades since she last sang it.
She played it a few times without argument from Vision. It was how her son found them when he woke. The healing process hadn’t taken long with her magic and once it had finished he’d awoken likely confused on how he had arrived in his home.
“Who are you?” Was his first question which hurt knowing he may not believe her next words.
“I am man
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Hela (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Hela & Vision
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Pepper Potts/Hela
Shuri & Tony Stark
Hercules (Marvel)/Logan (X-Men)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

freeform: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) Lives
Protective Jarvis (Iron Man movies)
Protective Hela
Protective James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Immortal Tony Stark
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
Rating May Change
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
BAMF Hela (Marvel)
Slow Build

fandom: 
Hela (Marvel) & Tony Stark
Howard Stark/Maria Stark
Hela & Vision
Tony Stark & Vision
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Tony Stark/T'Challa
Pepper Potts/Hela
Shuri & Tony Stark
Hercules (Marvel)/Logan (X-Men)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki

