Chapter 1: A Ghost at the Door
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
✪It was late in the afternoon when Steve placed the last box in the moving van. He had spent the better half of the morning helping Sharon – formerly neighbour, nurse,  Agent 13 and Kate – pack and move her belongings out of the apartment building. Sharon had gotten a job offer working for the CIA after the events that led to the dissolution of SHIELD. She was moving a bit closer to her new workplace and had said that she was happy that she’d get to work for a more forthcoming employer.Steve still chuckled about that every once in a while.Sharon didn’t have much, her apartment was practically Spartan, but packing and moving her furniture and things had still taken enough effort that Steve had broke out in a light sweat. The sun was glinting off his muscled form as he stepped out of the medium-sized moving van that was finally filled with boxes.“Nice,” came a voice to his left.Steve looked over to see Sharon leaning against the banister of the short staircase that led up to the apartment. She smiled at him, and he smiled back“No problem. Glad to be of service,” Steve said with a little salute, not even registering the fact that Sharon had been checking him out and not congratulating him on a job well done.Sharon put her hands on her hips and laughed. Steve might have been a super soldier, but he could be completely oblivious at times.Steve gave her a questioning look, but she just waved it off.“Never mind,” Sharon said. “Is that the last of them?”“Yeah, I think so, unless you’ve got more work for me hiding up there.” Steve rubbed his sore hands and looked back at the neatly stacked boxes in the moving van. He turned back to Sharon, smiling at his job well done, but his expression dropped when he saw Sharon standing awkwardly behind him.Her smile was gone. She was staring at her feet and had her arms crossed over her chest. Her hair was falling to obscure most of her face, but her upset frown was still clearly visible.“Look, Steve, I’m sorry for-”“I forgive you.” Steve replied with a pinched smile. He knew what she was going to say.“No, I need to-”“Sharon,” Steve cut her off again, this time raising a gentle hand between them. “The past is in the past. S.H.I.E.L.D., HYDRA, all of that, I’m trying to let things go.”Sharon pursed her lips, biting back a frown. “I know about the file you asked for. Most people wouldn’t define taking on the sort of reckless mission as: ‘letting things go’.” She gave the last part air quotes for emphasis.Steve cocked his head to one side and shrugged. “There are always exceptions,” he replied.Sharon looked up at Steve. She saw the cheeky grin on his face and couldn’t help smiling back.Sighing, she shook her head. “You’re a great guy, Steve. Try to stay out of trouble.”“Thanks, Sharon. I will.”There was a brief pause. Steve shuffled his feet and put his hands in his pockets. “And hey, that offer of coffee’s still open. If you ever, or, uh, whenever you feel like taking me up on it just knock on my door.”Sharon laughed. “Well, thanks. I might just hold you to that.”Steve joined her in laughing, rubbing the back of his neck as it heated slightly.“Yeah, please do.”★Steve watched Sharon drive away, waving to her briefly. It had been sunny only moments before, but dark clouds had rolled in to overcast the sky. The downpour started almost immediately forcing Steve to head back into the building. He had been looking forward to taking a run then dropping by Sam’s, but that didn’t seem like it was going to happen, especially not when the thunder started booming overhead.Steve entered his apartment, kicking the door shut behind him. With a heavy sigh he walked into the living room and turned on his record player, setting the volume a bit louder than he usually would since he didn’t have a neighbour on the other side of paper thin walls to worry about anymore.Steve opened the player’s plastic cover and dropped the pin as the record began to spin with the turntable. There was a moment of static, then the sound big band jazz music started to mixed with the soft pattering of rain outside.       Steve had just settled into his favourite chair with a copy of one of the president’s autobiography’s when there was a gentle rapping at his front door.Steve closed his book and looked at the clock. It hadn’t even been twenty minutes since he’d finished helping Sharon move. He hadn’t thought that she would take him up on his offer for coffee so soon, but he was pleasantly surprised.The knocking came again, this time a little louder and more insistent. Steve didn’t have a knocker, but it  sounded like whoever was on the other side of the door was knocking with a blunt object of some kind.Shaking his head, Steve chuckled a bit as he got up to answer the door. He called out to the person at the other side of the door, “I know I said, whenever you feel like it, Sharon, but this was a bit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Rehabilitation
Sexual Tension
Trust Issues
Slow Burn
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
TLC
Movie Spoilers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

