Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Seriously? Evil gnomes don’t have the decency to lay off of evil work during winter holidays?! I’m shocked,” Tony grumbles, inspecting the fancy written text on the ancient parchment.“We already dealt with…the evil gnomes,” Wong frowns at the ridiculous distinction and Stephen does the same.They’re not gnomes, they are tiny humanoid magical creatures that…dress like gardeners. Okay. Maybe they are gnomes. But they aren’t evil – they just have a seasonal proclivity for bad pranks.“It’s their magical traps we have to deal with now.”Tony looks at Wong, eyes narrowing with every second. “Sounds very magical to me. How can we – the simple mortal muggles – help you out?”“Magic isn’t an answer to everything,” Stephen sighs, snatching the parchment carefully away from Tony. “We can disable the traps, but we could use some good old fashioned muggle privileges to get to the places the traps are at,” he explains.“Let’s just say people might be more keen on letting the Avengers inside their supersecret military base in Alaska than…two hobo wizards,” Wong smirks.“Speak for yourself, hobo wizard,” he glares at his partner in magical crime.“Also, neutralizing this kind of magic is very taxing so in any case, we could use some back-up,” Wong turns to Tony.The engineer looks at them as if expecting more backstory to come pouring out of their mouth before raising his eyebrows. “That’s it? Okay then, let’s go,” he shrugs.“That was easy,” Stephen quips.“What…were you expecting me to say ‘no, fuck off and deal with your magical business on your own’? What would the whole point of having this Avengers – Order of the Phoenix alliance be then?”“Oh I expected you to lay down some completely unnecessary but completely you kind of conditions…like ‘okay, we will help you, but you must all attend the Christmas party at the Compound’ - ”“You are attending the Christmas party at the Compound, I don’t have to make that a condition to anything,” Tony glares at him.“ – and participate in the Secret Avengers Santa - ”“It’s a new tradition. New team, new traditions!”“ – and accept your absolutely ridiculous donation to the Order’s funds.”Tony slowly exhales, the glare intensifying. “If donations offend you, you can think of it as investment.”“An investment you know will have a zero return? That’s a donation and we are not a charity.”“Fine, think of it as a gift. It’s Christmas after all!” he grins, but the smile fades as he looks around the Sanctum. “Speaking of which, this place could use some decorations. Don’t worry!” he raises his hands. “I suck at decorating…but Vision loves it. I’ll send him in here while we go hunting for gnomes!”“The gnomes are not a problem anymore,” Stephen rolls his eyes, giving up the argument.“Yeah yeah yeah, the traps. Whatever.”“It’s settled then,” Wong decides, giving Stephen an unnervingly knowing expression. “Me and the kid will handle these three, you take the rest,” he points at the map on the table with the traps location highlighted.“Whoa now! Peter is helping May with baking! I promised her no Avengers business during the holidays. You wanna argue with May?”Wong smirks, raising his chin. “I don’t have to. Turns out he’s done with the baking and is allowed to go hang out with his sorcerer friends.”Tony doesn’t look persuaded. And Stephen doesn’t either. There’s definitely something fishy about that statement.“Did you lie to May? Because if you did, nobody can save your soul now,” Tony squints at the still smirking sorcerer.“Me? No,” is Wong’s reply that says it all.“I could call Rhodey.”“And break the kid’s heart three days before Christmas? Be my guest.”“Fine!” Tony also gives up. “I’ll go suit up and meet you at the first location,” he winks at them and turns to leave.He watches Tony jump down the stairs, the attention not escaping Wong in the least.“What?” he narrows his eyes at the sorcerer, daring him to speak his mind.“Nothing,” Wong replies with a perfect grin, holding Stephen’s stare. “Just wondering.”“About what?”“How much more obvious you’ll have to get for you to notice.”Stephen frowns, breaking the eye contact as he quickly goes over the events of the day to figure out what the hell does the cryptic sorcerer mean this time. “I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he bites back, eventually coming up empty.Wong chuckles, creating a portal to an all too familiar street in Queens. “Exactly. See you tomorrow,” he disappears into the portal before Stephen can even think up a comeback.“Obvious…,” he muses out loud. “The hell is that supposed to mean?” he glances down at the Cloak, who only curls up his hems in an apparent shrug. 
  By the time Tony touches down at the rendezvous point, Stephen has already traced the exact location of the first trap and set up a few protective wards – just in case.“Wow. You weren’t kidding about the military base part,” Tony says as the Iron Man helmet snaps open and disintegrates away in a manner Stephen’s never seen it do before. “Wh
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Hurt Stephen
Hurt Tony Stark
inaccurate depictions of magic
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
BAMF Tony Stark
Trapped
Magic sucks
Christmas
Mission Gone Wrong
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
and maybe gets one
oblivious Stephen
Supremefamily
If You Squint - Freeform
Mild Language
Fluff
Vision being Vision
Emotional Hurt
lots of softness
The Cloak is the best bro
Infinity Beer

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

