Work Text:

Being on good terms with the Avengers again-- that was great. It wasn't like old times, but it was starting to get closer to normal. The Accords were in shambles, being worked on by a new committee that didn't involve Ross. And they all could agree that Ross was an asshole above all assholes.  


However, being on good terms also meant they all hung out and we're like a family now. And everyone in this found family took an instant liking to Peter. 


The kid 

loved 

the attention, so he was adoring every minute when they visited the compound. May was on a weekend getaway with her girl friends, that Tony insisted she take, so Tony packed a bag for him and Peter and took them up to the tower with Happy. 


Peter loved seeing all of the Avengers and he loved the apace the compound offered. He could run around in the grass for hours without being in a public park and worrying about paparazzi. Tony liked to see him enjoying himself. 


What Tony didn't like about it? 

The Avengers adored Peter as much as he adored them. 


Which meant that if Tony let the kid out of his sight for longer than ten seconds, he would be snatched up by someone. Again-- something the kid loved. 


But Tony didn't. 


--


1


It started on Saturday morning. Tony was curled in his bed with Peter by his side. Even though the bed was king sized, Peter kept his little fist holding tightly to Tony's t-shirt throughout the night. 


It was early in the morning, well before Pete and Tony usually woke up, when Rhodey slipped into their room. A hand shook his shoulder, a hand he recognized even deep in sleep. Tony grumbled as he turned his head into his pillow. “Wha’?” 


“Peter wanted to work out with me this morning. I'm gonna take him to the training room.” 


Tony turned his head and saw Rhodey standing through his bleary vision. He was by the edge of his bed, holding Peter in his arms. “Time is it?” He mumbled, way too tired to be up without his coffee. 


“5:15,” he responded. 


Tony blinked a few more times. Five in the morning? “What the heck are you doing up before the sun? On a Saturday?” He was much better at censoring himself around the kid nowadays. 


“Not all of us sleep the day away, Tones. We want to get in a workout and shower before breakfast.” Rhodey bounced the toddler on his hip. 


Tony turned his gaze to the toddler. He was dressed in red and blue sweatpants with a bright orange t-shirt. The outfit was painful to look at-- it was obvious Peter had chosen it himself. “Why is he up?” 


“He wanted to join me,” Rhodey said patiently. “And he knows to be awake on time.” 


If Tony were actually awake, he'd realize Rhodey was poking a jab at him and he'd come back with something just as sharp. But all his sleep-muddled brain (Peter kept him up until almost two the previous night babbling about the car ride upstate, like Tony didn't drive up 

with him

) could think was: 

Peter is safe in Rhodey’s arm. 



“Can I play wi’f Rhodey, ‘ony?” Peter asked, keeping his voice soft. 


“Be a good boy for him, okay? I'll be up in a few hours.” 


“I promise!” He said and Tony smiled, letting his eyes close. Tony expected him and Rhodey to walk out, but a moment later, a pair of wet lips were kissing his forehead. “Goodnigh’, ‘ony.”


Tony smiled, opening his eyes to see those big brown ones staring back only inches away. “Goodnight, peanut. See you later, okay?” 


“Yes,” Peter said with a smile. He ran his fingers through Tony's hair and cooed, “Shhh, sleepy ‘ime. I play wi’f Rhodey.” 


Tony let his eyes fall shut again. “Have fun.” 


Peter promised his would, patting Tony's cheek and then they were gone, leaving Tony to fall back asleep. 


He stayed sleeping for a few more hours until his alarm went off at nine. Tony blinked open his eyes, ready to say good morning to Peter when he remembered Rhodey brought him to the training room. He still wasn't back yet, so he sat up to go pull the two from the room. 


He made the bed, fixing Benny against the pillow for Peter to find when he came back. He loved that dog and Tony did his best to make sure he was always being taken care of. 


Then, he headed downstairs to the training room and smiled when he walked inside. Rhodey was running laps around the room with Peter sitting high on his shoulders. He wasn't nearly as fast as he once was with those braces on his legs, but he was improving. 


Tony leaned against the doorway just watching for a few minutes. Peter was sitting proudly on his shoulders, screaming, “Fas’er! Fas’er!” 


“Hey, Cool Runnings, how about a break for showers and breakfast?” Tony said once they ran closer to him. 


Peter's head snapped up to stare at him and smiled so widely. “‘ony! I helpin’ Rhodey!” 


“I see that, buddy. You two running?” Tony walked in towards them. 


Rhodey gave him a small smile, his face covered in a sheen layer of sweat. “Yeah. Getting in my morning miles.”



Miles. 

As in plural. “You're a crazy son of a bitch.” He shoo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
5+1 Things
Kid Peter Parker
Fluff
Clingy Peter Parker
Platonic Cuddling

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

