Chapter 1





Chapter Text


If Steve had dreams while frozen in the ice, he doesn’t remember them.
Now his head is full of flashing lights and snatches of memories colored with the illogic of the subconscious: he’s in the trenches with the Howling Commandos, except it’s Sam and Natasha and Tony and Bruce wearing the Commando uniforms and a jumble of Nazis and Chitauri charging their position. Steve is snapping out orders, telling Tony to watch his six dammit, but something in his chest feels warm and alive like it hasn’t been since the ice thawed.
Then he looks up and the Winter Soldier closes his hand around Steve’s throat, lifts him bodily up out of the trench like a ragdoll.
After that the dreams get more fragmented. He’s back on the Charlie target and he doesn’t get the chip in place in time, and everyone he knows dies all over again. He’s in some kind of forest and everything hurts. He’s in New York after the Chitauri attack, the ground crumbling and exploding under him and he falls into a crack in the Earth that’s full of ice. He’s shivering. He’s on a bed. Snowflakes fall on his face and evaporate instantly, going from ice to gas. His left arm is frozen in place. He’s on a bed.
Well, more of a cot, really, the sort of thing that Sam would have found comfortable. The ceiling above him is white plaster, cracked and stained with water damage. Steve turns his head and feels the tug of stitches in his cheek, the grind of broken bones still knitting themselves back together.
Bucky’s crouched with his back against the far wall.
The uniform is gone—he wears jeans and the kind of olive-drab jacket that SHIELD mechanics sport—and he’s got the start of a beard. A plain, dark baseball hat covers his hair. It is, Steve realizes, Bucky’s version of Natasha’s civilian disguise for him, minus the eyeglasses.
When he sees Steve looking Bucky pushes up from the wall. If he’s still feeling his injuries from the carrier crash, he doesn’t show it. Crossing the room to Steve’s cot, he reaches out with the metal arm and grasps Steve’s right shoulder. The room goes spotty and dark and then Steve’s on his side at the edge of the cot.
His left arm hangs over the side. A manacle, similar to the one SHIELD—or Hydra, it’s hard to keep straight in his head right now—had slapped on him in the van, is firmly attached to his forearm. The manacle’s attached to the bed and the bed is attached to the floor.
Bucky’s watching his face. He nods once, wordlessly, then rises in that same smooth, deadly way and goes out the door. The world outside is bright, stabbing pain into Steve’s eyes, but it’s only a brief flash before Bucky closes the door firmly behind him.
Steve slips back under.
-o-
The next time he wakes up his ribs still ache but he can move his head, and Bucky is back. The baseball cap’s still jammed down and his hair sticks out in funny ways around his ears.
“Y’need a haircut,” Steve slurs at him.
Bucky doesn’t smile.
Instead he unlocks the manacle and makes Steve get up, which is hell. Blood throbs against his skull and he gets sick on the floor. Bucky’s grip is insistent, though, tugging him outside into warm air and then to a vehicle of some kind. A minivan, Steve thinks. It’s called a minivan.
Bucky shoves him in to lie on the minivan’s bare, dirty floor. Steve gratefully passes back out.
-o-
He’s naked and Bucky is running his hands over Steve’s skin. The throb in his head has faded along with the dizziness, but Steve finds himself disoriented all over again by the situation.
He must make some kind of movement as he wakes, because Bucky lifts his head. He’s ditched the ballcap and his hair hangs in his face.
“Where’s your tracker?” Bucky asks.
“What?” Steve tries to sit up but Bucky’s metal palm slams into his sternum. Pain rockets through him and Steve gasps for oxygen as his lungs seize up.
“Where is your tracker?” Bucky demands, biting out each word. “You can tell me or I can start cutting in the most likely places.”
Both of Steve’s hands are chained behind him. He twists to escape metal hand pinning him down, fighting for breath. The pressure eases up but he only gets one good breath in before he’s being flipped onto his front.
The white-hot pain of a knife blade traces across the back of his thigh, making him shout and kick out with his other leg. The metal hand is on his neck now, keeping his cheek pressed to the minivan’s dirty carpet.
“I don’t—have one,” he finally manages to get out.
The knife stops moving and after a moment he’s flipped over onto his back again. Steve moans, trying to curl up into a ball. Only the metal hand on his chest keeps him flat.
Above him, Bucky’s eyes are hard and narrow. “They never gave you a tracker?”
“Couldn’t,” Steve wheezes. “Bullets and trackers...my body pushes them out.”
Bucky studies his face. Steve half-expects to feel the knife again, but instead Bucky sits back, letting Steve curl in around his bruised chest the way he wants.
Something soft lands on him, covering his naked 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Dubious Consent
Dehumanization
Hostage Situations
Torture
Ableism
Suicidal Thoughts
Canon-Typical Violence
Post-Movie(s)
slightly AU
Suicide Attempt
Non-Consensual Body Modification
Body Horror
Panic Attacks
Mind Control
Period-Typical Homophobia
Bisexuality

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

