Chapter 1





Chapter Text
They called him the Asset.  No other name besides that.  For seventy years, Sergeant James Barnes had no name.  They called him “it.”  Whether they did it because he had no humanity left or because it subtly reminded him every time he woke from cryo that he was nobody, he never knew.  Whatever reason, it worked.  The Asset never fought back and the last vestiges of the man he used to be were swept under the rug.	To hear someone give him a name, any name, forced the Asset to feel, especially the name the man gave him.  “James Buchanan Barnes,” he said.  That name meant something to the Asset.  It floated in the corner of his peripheral vision but every time he turned toward it, it vanished.  It infuriated him and opened a chasm to a deep despair he hadn’t known he had.  Such feelings his handlers had beaten and electrocuted out of him.  Emotions were so foreign a concept to the Asset’s blank mind that when they did emerge, he feared them, feared what his handlers would do because he’d had them, and he reacted to that fear like a feral animal.  He lashed out, violent and desperate.  Getting away, stopping the man from saying anything else, that’s what he had to do.	But the man wouldn’t stop, would not die.  He kept talking, kept saying things.  No called the Asset a friend.  No one dropped their weapons and gave the Asset free reign to attack like he did.  A corner of his mind, a part long buried under torture and time, understood how wrong this was, which only fueled the hatred and frustration.  He pummeled the man to the verge of unconsciousness but still words left his mouth, drilled holes into the Asset.	“Then finish it,” the man gritted out, his face bloody and bruised, contorted in pain.  “Cuz I’m with you to the end of the line.”  	Memories stirred in that buried corner.  A solemn afternoon outside the shanty Steve called home.  Those were his words, handed back to him with a devotion only Steve could have.He stared down at the man.  No, no, God no.  His arm, pulled back for the final blow, froze.	What had he done?	Horror washed through him.  This man he was supposed to protect.  How had he done this?	The man, his target, finally lost consciousness when the Asset realized he needed the man awake.  But his target’s face relaxed; for him, the world was at peace.	When the world fell out from under them, the Asset latched on to a metal beam.  Hanging precariously above the river, he stared down at the hail of falling debris and the man falling amongst it.  The bottom of his stomach hollowed out, as if he was falling, not the man.  A voice, the barest glimpse of a memory called out for him.  No, the voice called out for Bucky.	He wasn’t Bucky.	But in that moment, if it meant he could save the man—Steve, he remembered the man’s name was Steve—he had to try.	The Potomac’s waters were cold but physical discomfort he tucked aside.  Only the urgency to reach his target remained.  That was all that mattered.  	Relief, sweet blessed relief, coursed in his veins when his metal fingers latched onto the blue uniform.  He dragged the man out of the water and deposited him on shore, none too gracefully.  Panic set in when the man, still breathing, shifted.  Saving him felt right in a way that nothing else he could remember did but the Asset couldn’t face him, not with the turbulent storm of emotions he’d unleashed.  	Hints of memories, more feelings than images, plagued him, begging to be remembered.  Before he could deal with anything, he had to remember.  With one last glance, he walked off through the shrubbery, feeling like he was leaving himself behind on the river’s shore.***	Steve woke up to music and sunlight.  His eyes flickered open but he shut them almost instantly again.  The light was a bit bright.  And the music was a little loud.  It wasn’t a song he recognized but when he turned his head to the right, he saw Sam and he smiled.  Sam’s face was riddled with cuts and bruises but it was nothing compared to what Steve knew his face looked like.  Bucky had punched the daylights out of him and now he felt well and truly tenderized.	Still, he managed to quip, “On your left,” loud enough to wake Sam up.  Sam saw his friend was awake and smiling and smiled back.  “Took you long enough.  Thought I was gonna have to turn the music up louder.”“Yeah, I came to just to tell you to turn it down.”  Steve leaned back against the pillows and groaned.  Everything hurt.  Multiple gun shot wounds and stab wounds tended to cause that.“You gotta take it easy, man.  You’re awful torn up.”Steve laughed and immediately regretted it.  A sharp pain lanced up his side from his gut.  Sam kept smiling but his brow wrinkled in concern.  “See?  I told ya.”The song eased into something slower, quieter, and Steve looked out the window, letting the music and warmth wash over him.  He closed his eyes and slowed his breathing but he couldn’t sleep.  The events on the helicarrier wouldn’t leave him alone.  He kept r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Angst
Eventual Happy Ending
Memories
Memory Loss
Brainwashing
Hydra's gone nowhere
Pepper's going to be awesome
Agent Hill is going to be awesome
Survivor Guilt
Suicidal Thoughts
Steve and Bucky angst
Alzheimer's Disease
Psychological Torture
Protective Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Emotional Hurt/Comfort

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

