Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Clint knew something was wrong before the Wakandan jet had finished landing at the Compound. While he’d never spent much time there, it was the somewhat… neglected look of the place that had his hackles standing on end. The lawn looked just a little shaggy and he couldn’t see any lights on in the building. It looked like no one was living there at all but he was sure T’Challa had mentioned that Tony and Rhodes and Vision were staying there. Then again, that had been months ago, just after everything had happened, so maybe that had changed.The uncharitable part of Clint’s brain said good. Said that it was about time Tony stopped interfering in their affairs and stayed away from their place, especially after what he’d done to Steve and Barnes in Siberia. But an older, more practised and trained, more disciplined part of his mind – the SHIELD part – had started ringing alarm bells and telling him something was very, very wrong. He knew Tony was still alive because he’d seen him on the TV just before they left Wakanda, talking about something to do with sentinels. Probably some new computer program he was working on, hopefully one that wouldn’t go rogue.That sense of wrongness increased however when no one came out of the building to greet them and it spiked when the doors to the Wakandan jet closed abruptly behind them and it took off, like the pilot couldn’t wait to be shot of them and was glad they were now no longer her problem. T’Challa had already begged off this trip, claiming he had urgent business in Wakanda that he couldn’t leave right now. Clint might have believed that except for the way his sister Shuri had been standing behind him, smirking smugly. Clint was starting to get a very bad feeling about this.When they walked over to the building, they found the door unlocked and Clint’s instincts now began screeching at him and the screech became a clamour when they walked in and found that the light switches didn’t work. It was only when they walked into the kitchen in the common area and saw the massive hole in the floor left by Wanda’s violent outburst towards Vision that Clint began to put the pieces together, something which from their ranting, his teammates hadn’t yet grasped.Tony had washed his hands of them.T’Challa had told them Tony had handed the Compound over to the entity known as the Avengers during the negotiations for their return but none of them had really understood what that meant until now. Clint was betting that if they took a look down in the basements, they’d find that the arc reactor that used to power the place was gone. Certainly any trace of Stark Industries tech was nowhere to be seen. If Tony, Rhodes and Vision had indeed lived here, it had only been temporarily in order to oversee the removal of anything Stark related.It was the click of heels against the floor that drew everyone out of their shock and their ranting and they all turned as one to see who was approaching. And when the woman walked in, they were all surprised.“Natasha,” Steve said with relief. “I’m glad you’re here. We need to talk to Tony about this so he can fix it.” He gestured to the ruined kitchen.Natasha didn’t answer at first, instead just arching a cool eyebrow at them all, and when he caught sight of the look in her eyes, Clint felt a shiver go down his spine. Natasha wasn’t here to help them, she was here to warn them off. If the look in her eyes wasn’t enough to tell him that, the way she was dressed was. She was dressed like Pepper Potts, in what could only be called ‘corporate power’. Her suit was immaculate, her hair and makeup perfect, her heels so high and sharp they were deadly weapons. Clint had no doubt she had at least half a dozen weapons on her but the greatest weapon she was carrying right now was undoubtedly the briefcase in her hands.“I wouldn’t recommend that, Steve,” she said, her voice brisk, cool and impersonal.“Why not?” Steve said with a frown.“You mean apart from the fact that Tony doesn’t own the building anymore?” Natasha said sweetly.“Who does then?” Steve demanded.Clint shivered at the look of cool amusement on Natasha’s face. That didn’t bode well. In fact, he knew that face. No matter what had happened during the ‘civil war’, Natasha had done something very rare for her – she’d chosen a side. And it wasn’t theirs.“You do, Steve,” she said, smirking slightly. “You and the rest of the Avengers.” She gestured to all of them. “Tony gave the building to you free of charge. The repairs and upkeep of the building and its contents are now your problem, not his.”“Tony is an Avenger,” Steve said and Clint thought that was the least of what had been implied in Natasha’s statement and probably not where they should have started.“Not anymore,” Natasha replied. “Not for months now.” She cocked her head slightly. “Don’t any of you watch the news? Tony, Colonel Rhodes and Colonel Danvers now co-lead the Sentinels, an official NGO operating under the auspices o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
Not Steve Friendly
Kinda Clint Friendly
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov Is a Good Bro
Black Widow in all her glory
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Author is salty
Civil War Team Iron Man

fandom: 
None
