Chapter 1





Chapter Text


U.S. Recruitment Office, Patient Medical History Assessment


DATE: 14th March, 1941

SURNAME: Rogers

FIRST NAME: Steve

HEIGHT: 5’4”

WEIGHT: 95 lbs.


SUMMARY OF PATIENT HEALTH ISSUES:


Asthma

Scarlet fever

Rheumatic fever

Sinusitis

Chronic or frequent colds

High blood pressure

Palpitation or pounding in heart

Easy fatigability

Heart trouble

Nervous trouble of any sort

Has had household contact with tuberculosis

Parent/sibling with diabetes, cancer

…
[   ] 1. Found fully acceptable for induction into active military services.[X] 2. Found not acceptable for induction into active military services. 

FOR STAMP 1A/4F: 

            [ 4F ] 
 “Where is he? What have you done to him?”Bruce decided right then and there that he hadn’t previously had a full understanding of just how terrifying Thor could be when he wanted to be terrifying. Thor’s sometimes almost cheerful battle cry was nothing compared to the weight of threat he could layer into a seething, low-voiced command. Gone was the good-humored man with the laughing eyes and a boyish smile; present was the God of Thunder, Mjolnir gripped in one hand like an extension of his arm.Listening to Thor, and watching the object of Thor’s wrath shrink back, stirred Bruce’s own suppressed rage. Bruce wouldn’t let himself go there. Not yet. Not unless Hulk was actually needed. The whole team was here, spread out through the labyrinth of a mad scientist’s basement lab, all of them acting like a single unified body: in sync, unanimous in purpose—angry. Over the comm system they were all equipped with Bruce could hear Natasha, Clint, and Tony calling clipped information, like echolocation for one another: “Clear,” or “No signs of life,” or “This place is a dive.”                                     Bruce wanted desperately to be a part of the rampage, not as himself, but as The Other Guy. The one who could do more than act as Thor’s voice of reason. He was wasted in the role, anyway. He wasn’t about to stop Thor from shaking the scientist until his teeth rattled. Even assuming he’d wanted to, success would’ve been debatable. Definitely inadvisable as Bruce.  But he knew The Other Guy could easily smash this place to bits, bringing it down around their ears. And, in any case, the place was deserted. At the door, taking care of Grunt One and Grunt Two had been child’s play, Tony and Natasha doing so with relish before Thor could charge ahead or Clint could nock an arrow. This room, with its skeleton crew of patchwork equipment on rickety tables, was as furnished as any of the rooms that Bruce had seen on their way in.It would’ve been a laughably amateurish operation—if it weren’t for the fact that the guy had developed some kind of knockout gas strong enough to take down Captain America.  It would have been laughable, had he not kidnapped their teammate for God-knew-what purposes. As Thor had put it, “The coward had not even the decency to issue a challenge in open combat.” Which was far more delicately put than Natasha’s response to the news that Steve had been grabbed while out on his motorcycle three days ago. Bruce didn’t speak Russian, but he’d gotten the gist of it regardless. SHIELD had of course immediately been on the case, securing every piece of crime scene evidence down to the last dust mote that might’ve come in contact with Steve or his kidnapper. But it was a sleep-deprived Tony who crowed in triumph first—a little hoarsely, from yelling a steady stream of orders alternately at JARVIS, Pepper, and occasionally Bruce, who’d done what he could to expedite the search (which had mostly comprised of standing in as a Watson to Tony’s Sherlockian leaps of techno-forensic deductions).And here they were, not feeling so triumphant at the moment, because there was no sign of Steve, after all. “You took too long. He’s dead,” the scientist sneered in Thor’s face, the most convincing proof yet that the man was certifiably insane. “Or as good as dead. He probably wishes he was.”Bruce instinctively reached out as Thor grabbed the man by the front of his shirt, bashing him against the bare cinderblock wall. Bruce met Thor’s dark gaze and couldn’t hold his actions against him, but he did crouch to check the scientist for a pulse. He was alive, which was only a good thing because they might still need answers from him.They’d just finished trussing the man with some handy electrical wire when a shout from Clint came across the comm: “Found him! West wing, third door down.” The Avengers converged.It was anti-climactic, really, rushing through the mauled and crushed door to find… Steve. Alive, thank God. Definitely alive, if bruised and grimy. That was the sort of anti-climax they could all handle.But relief started and ended there. Steve was curled up on a cot, and the face turned towards the flickering light of a florescent bulb…well, it wasn’t unrecognizable, exactly. Clint had recognized him enough to call them all as soon as he’d 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Avengers
Domestic Avengers
Team Feels
Team Dynamics
Steve Rogers Feels
Hurt Steve Rogers
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Steve Needs a Hug
Sickfic
Hulk Smash
Protective Hulk
Avengers Family
Avengers Feels
Steve Angst
Artist Steve Rogers
Scrawny!Steve
Because of Reasons
Angst and Feels
Friendship
Epic Friendship
Epic Bromance
Bromance
Male Friendship
Male-Female Friendship
Thor Is a Good Bro
Protective Thor
Protectiveness
And Did I Mention Team Feels?
Dubious Science
Thor Is Not Stupid
Eventual Happy Ending
Happy Ending
Freeform
Avengers - Freeform
Super Soldier Serum
Powerlessness
Loss of Powers

fandom: 
None
