Chapter 1: The Meeting
    


Notes:
Updated: 6/5/2019




Chapter Text

Leaning his head back against the rough rock of the cave, Tony let out a deep breath through his nose. His eyes slipped shut as he tried to block out the light and silence the constant hum of his pack in his thoughts. It was times like this that Tony wished he had stayed in his mini pack of just friends instead of accidentally creating this much larger one.
 
It used to just be him, Pepper, and Rhodey. Carol came a bit later when they stumbled upon her mid-fight with an oddly large doe that seemed to be one of the few that would actually fight instead of run away. Rhodey fell hard for the obviously headstrong beta, so of course, she had been incorporated into the pack without so much of a blink of the eye. But even with Carol, it had only been the four of them, and the constant hum of their pack was always a gentle and warm reminder of the family they had. 
 
Now though, living in a pack of over twenty, the noise was never truly just a soft hum.
 
Yet, even though they could be noisy and a bit obnoxious at times, Tony knew he wouldn’t trade his pack for anything. Even still though, it was funny to him how clear the memory of the day he joined his large, loveable, and, occasionally, insufferable pack.
 
When their pack had been approached by a rugged alpha, who clearly had been in a fight or two - truthfully, 

several

 - though, it was admittedly hard to forget. Nick had been very different than Tony originally anticipated, however. With matted black fur and scars littering his muzzle and ears, Tony had been expecting a fight, but when the fur receded and disappeared to reveal dark chocolate skin, and the human form of the wolf offered them the option of more protection in a larger pack, it was clear that looks weren’t everything.
 
Nick, while missing his left eye and having scars littering most of the left side of his face, was not actually the leader of the pack he was offering, but he was the one that was known for having the best judge of character and constantly brought new people into their pack. Nick and his mate, Maria, weren’t necessarily considered 

constant 

pack members, but their Chief was very open to new members if it meant helping other people.
 
Tony chose not to ask how Nick knew about their pack’s trouble. He did, however, show caution towards trusting any unknown wolves. When Nick and Maria had offered a meeting with their pack, some of the hesitancy had ebbed.
 
Being in a massive pack wasn’t something Tony thought he would ever do again, not after the disaster of the last one, but when he had met the giant pack of misfits (truthfully, it didn’t appear as if more than two wolves were even from the same area), it was clear that this was the best option for all of them. Tony’s pack had skills that the other had needed, and the protection and strength that came with a larger pack could help them all. Now, Tony wouldn’t trade his pack for anything, even though sometimes they made him want to scream.
 
A movement next to him broke him from his thoughtful ravine and alerted him to the presence of one of his pack members. His nose was the one that told him who it was though. The earthy scent of grass coupled with the smoke of a smoldering fire and tainted with the faintest smell of lilies filled his nose. Steve.
 
Tony slowly opened his eyes and turned his head to regard the other alpha, the Chief of their pack. Steve was in his human form: all bulging muscles barely contained in his pale skin, short dirty blonde hair, bright blue eyes that always held a kindness in them. That kindness was usually appreciated, but right now, directed at him, Tony found it annoying.
 
“I take it you heard,” is what he said by greeting, turning away from the Chief and looking out into the forest.
 
“Hard to keep secrets in the pack,” Steve said gently, leaning himself up against the same wall as Tony. It was quiet for a moment, and Tony wished the man would just hurry up and say what he was going to say and save them both from the growing awkward silence. “You know…” 

Finally.

 “You guys have been fighting a lot recently. Do you want to talk about it?”
 
“No,” was Tony’s automatic answer. He and Steve had an odd friendship. They worked best on the field when they were hunting or fighting together, but at home, Steve was a lot more tender and wanted to talk about 

feelings 

and things like that while Tony preferred to, truthfully, lock them in a box and throw the key away. Their friendship survived mostly because Steve somehow managed to be able to tell when Tony actually felt like talking and when he’d rather be silent for the next ten years. Maybe that was Bucky’s expertise though, and maybe 

that 

was why Steve was here now when he’d much rather do anything but talk about it.
 
“You sure?” Steve pressed slightly, looking at the smaller alpha. “I mean, it’s perfectly understandable. I mean, I don’t… fully understand why you don’t 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Riley/Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Loki/Thor
Bruce Banner/Helen Cho
Gamora/Peter Quill
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Alpha/Beta
Non-Traditional Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Chief Steve Rogers
Alpha Tony Stark
Omega Peter Parker
Omega Bucky Barnes
Alpha Clint Barton
Beta Natasha Romanov
Beta Scott Lang
Alpha Hope Van Dyne
Omega Riley
Alpha Sam Wilson
Beta Helen Cho
Beta Bruce Banner
Beta/Beta
Omega Loki (Marvel)
Alpha Thor (Marvel)
Beta Pietro Maximoff
Pietro Maximoff Lives
Alpha Vision
Omega Wanda Maximoff
Alpha James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Beta Pepper Potts
Alpha Stephen Strange
Alpha Nick Fury
Beta Maria Hill
Nick and Maria are mostly just mentioned
OCs are just kids for the most part
lots of kids
Werewolves
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Werewolf Mates
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Claiming Bites
Pack Dynamics
True Mates
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Rituals
Knotting
References to Knotting
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
A/B/O
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Alternate Universe - No Powers
POV Alternating
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Scenting
Scent Marking
Romance
Happy Ending
Eventual Smut
Eventual Sex
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Pepper Potts is Not A Good Guy
Sadly
Soul Bond
Mpreg
Implied Mpreg
Post Mpreg
Implied Sexual Content
Implied Relationships
Implied/Referenced Underage Sex
Underage Sex
Consensual Underage Sex
Underage Kissing
Underage Relationship(s)
Implied/Referenced Underage Relationship(s)
Hurt Peter Parker
Hurt Tony Stark
Hurt/Comfort
True Omegas
Teen Pregnancy
Age Difference

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Natasha Romanov
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Riley/Sam Wilson
Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Loki/Thor
Bruce Banner/Helen Cho
Gamora/Peter Quill
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes

