Work Text:
Tony shifted on his feet, chewing on his lower lip in indecision, as he stood in the stopped elevator. He swallowed and hoped he hadn’t read Loki wrong. There was always that possibility but Tony was pretty sure, despite everything, he hadn’t. They had been friends for awhile now, somehow naturally gravitating to each other in a way they hadn’t with anyone else, and Tony was potentially risking a friendship he truly treasured if he had read Loki wrong.He was pretty sure Loki didn’t even know what he was but Tony had been thinking about saying something for a few months now. The secret, one of many, burned every time he let an opportunity to come clean pass by.A flare of green and gold had him snapping out of his thoughts. He watched as the doors opened without his command. “Did you plan on spending the day in the elevator, Anthony?”Tony swallowed at the heavy scent of an on-coming Rut.There was something crisp and almost minty about it. The scent had Tony’s head spinning. He took a few unsteady steps out of the elevator, the doors shut behind him as the elevator whisked away, while he looked over at Loki.The God of Mischief was looking out of the windows that spanned the length of one wall. Tony could see the tense line of Loki’s shoulders, the way he was doing everything in his power to control the instincts that were churning inside of him, as Tony stepped further and further into Loki’s floor.“It isn’t wise to be here, Anthony.” Loki turned now, leaning back, as he watched Tony with an almost predatory gaze. “My control is superior to a mortal Alpha but it is not perfect.”Tony could see the fine tremble in Loki’s muscles as the god watched him. He opened his mouth to say something, to admit one of his secrets, but Loki continuing had him stopping to see what else Loki had to say.“Your scent is not helping my control in the least.” It looked like it had cost him something to admit it.Tony blinked. “What?”“An Omega, Anthony. Surely you’re aware of what your orientation does to an Alpha entering their Rut.” Loki’s lips quirked, amusement and fondness in his gaze. “Did you think your Midgardian tricks could trick a god?”
No…I thought my fucking magic could. How powerful are you?
“I was going to offer to help you through it.” He figured there was no point in dancing around his reasons for coming there. “I’ve heard Ruts can be painful if an Alpha doesn’t have someone to spend it with and I wasn’t sure—”Loki shook his head, “Thank you for the…very tempting offer, Anthony. Unfortunately I will have to decline.”That…that was a first. Tony had never heard of an Alpha turning down an Omega’s offer to spend a Rut with them. In fact a lot of Omegas found themselves pressed into helping an Alpha with their Rut. Tony was freely offering.“I’ll admit to thinking about you more times than I would care to voice but I’m afraid your body could not handle a god in the midst of a full-blown Rut.” He frowned, “My control would be long gone by that point.”Tony’s tongue darted out and wetted his lips. “Ummm…about that.” He had the good grace to look a bit sheepish. Loki arched an eyebrow at him and, even as they stood there, Tony could smell how Loki’s Rut scent was starting to deepen. “I might…possibly…not be quite as mortal as everyone has been led to believe.”Loki stared at him.“What?”He shifted under the sharp green eyes, threaded with Alpha red that watched him with interest and curiosity. It was rare that someone caught Loki off-guard and the fact that he’d managed to hide his actual race, the thing he was sure Loki would figure out, was practically unheard of.There had been several slip ups but, somehow, Loki had overlooked them.“I…wasn’t…born here?”That predatory gaze made him want to run, to invite Loki to chase, but he remained rooted to the spot. How was this worse than hiding his orientation?“What Realm?”“Vanaheim.”It was silent as Loki kept staring at him and Tony, never one to quite back down even though his instincts practically screamed at him to do just that, tilted his chin in a sign of defiance. He wasn’t ashamed of his Realm. He wasn’t.He just hadn’t been there in a long time. Traveling the Nine, learning magic and mastering the art of creation, before settling on Midgard with a hope of not being forced into a mating he didn’t want. It wasn’t as though he’d stuck around when it had been announced his parents had found a worthy Alpha to claim him. An advantageous match that they were very pleased about.Tony had never been interested in being pinned down unless he chose to be and a mating wasn’t going to be any different.Until…possibly now.Of all the Alphas Tony had come across, the ones on other worlds who knew and those on Midgard who didn’t, Loki was the only one that Tony had allowed himself to actually want in a way he never had before. It had started with friendship and, at least for Tony, it had started to shift to where he actually wanted more.If he decided to offer during Loki’s Rut, hoping to
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Rut Sex
Omega Tony Stark
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Loki (Marvel)
Alpha Loki (Marvel)
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Alternate Universe
Vanir Tony Stark
God Tony Stark
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha/Omega
Mating Bites
Mating Bond
Biting
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Knotting
Smut
Secrets
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Magic
Mates
Marathon Sex
Tony Stark Does What He Wants
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Developing Relationship
Possessive Loki
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

