Chapter 1: Sleep (Art by lokiofasgaaard and maniploki)
    




Chapter Text

 





(Art by lokiofasgaaaard on tumblr)
Loki woke. There was a cold, empty space next to him where his little girl had curled up to sleep with him. She had a gift for finding him in the vast fortress of Utgard, no matter where he was. On the very first night after Loki had been given to the Midgardian Antony Stark, she had crept into the guest quarters after sundown and cuddled next to Loki. She had certainly found him in worse situations that this, laying unmolested on the chill floor, next to his owner's bed. Loki’s mind had already started working over how he could bring her to Midgard when Stark left. He had first assumed Stark would have a large entourage and he could hide Syla among them, but he had found that he had come with only Thor and a light escort. He would have to find some other way to sneak her out of Jotunheim and keep her with him.
It was unlike Syla to leave before dawn. She was only three years old but she was well used to sneaking around, making herself unnoticed. Loki had taught her as much. It was the only way he knew for her to survive in this place. The door from the bedroom to the living area was open, and light showed through the opening. Loki sat up, slow and silent. The bed he slept next to was empty, and Loki's alarm grew. His new master was gone, his daughter was gone. Surely Stark had not taken her? If he had seen her there, curled up like a puppy in his arms, would he not have woken Loki, demanded an explanation of him? He would not have just taken her away…would he? Loki had very little idea of what his new owner would and would not do. It had been years since he faced him during the battle of New York, and the years had not been kind to him, as they had not been kind to Loki. Stark was older now, noticeably. The spark lessened in his eyes, his shoulders tense, his eyes darting to every corner, a tremble in his left arm that he tried to hide. Loki did not know if the years had mellowed him, or hardened his heart.
Loki stepped to the door of the sleeping chamber, keeping to the walls so as not to cast a shadow. He crouched by the door and peeked around, low down to avoid catching the eye of anyone who may be looking that way. He bit his wrist to keep silent at what he saw. Stark reclined on the overlarge chair, his feet up on the low table. He was awake, squinting at one of his ever-present electronic devices. In his lap, Syla slept. In her fist, a half eaten fruit. Stark was eating a similar fruit, juice staining his fingers. What was this? Had he tempted her with fruit to leave his side? Why would he feed her? She was nothing to him, Stark should not even know of her existence, and here she was asleep on his lap.



(Art by maniploki on tumblr)
Loki felt as though his very heart was plucked from his chest, and held in his enemy’s hands. He could not breathe. He had known, when he was given to Stark, that he was most likely going from one torment to another, but at least on Jotunheim the torment was familiar. He had learned what was expected of him and he had managed to carve out a small place for himself and his daughter. Not safety, but predictability, at least. Loki did enough favors for enough servants that Syla usually had enough to eat, clothes to wear, and places to go if she should seek Loki in the falling night and find him  occupied. She did not yet understand such things, but he had told her over and over, that when Loki was being put to use, she should not linger. She did not need to see such things. She had seen enough, in her short life. She knew well enough the few to trust, those to give only the pretense of trust to, and those to run from. How then, had Stark done this thing, to have her sleeping peaceful on his lap?
“You can come out, Loki.” Stark’s voice was quiet, but certain. He did not even look up from his reading. There was no option to pretend that he was sleeping, and not show himself. He knew better than to try and deceive his master.
Loki stood and entered the room. He walked to the center of the dark room. There was no fire, there was nothing to burn on Jotunheim. The room was warm enough for mortal comfort through the technology Stark had bought with him. Loki fought the urge to kneel. Stark had told him to  cut out that bullshit  when he had first been alone with him, and so ordered, Loki obeyed. He did not know the correct behavior otherwise, for a slave discovered to be harboring his secret child. Kneeling would be appropriate, in this situation. He did not. He could not. Stark did not yet know the power he had over him, the bond between them sealed by magic, requiring Loki’s obedience. If he had known, surely Stark would not have given him such casual orders.  Don’t lie to me  being the worst, so full of loopholes that Loki hardly felt troubled by it. His name may be  Liesmith but it was far easier to tell the truth, half of the truth, irrelevant truths, or to r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Slavery
Sexual Slavery (past)
magical slavery
Loki's Children - Freeform
Loki's Punishments
Loki (Marvel) Angst
Hurt/Comfort
child at risk
Food Issues
Fanart
Mild Self Harm
Past Rape/Non-con
Collars
Leashes
Begging
Death Threats
Guns
Canon-Typical Violence
Fluff and Angst
Parent Loki (Marvel)
Parent-Child Relationship
cuteness
It's not as dark as it seems!
Art
So much art!
Blood
Injury
Manhandling
Threats of Rape/Non-Con
Sexual Assault
Assault
Death
Angst with a Happy Ending
Slave Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

