Chapter 1



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
 As soon as he was absolutely positive he wasn’t dead, Tony Stark put his faceplate up and took a long, deep breath. He looked around himself and saw absolutely no movement that wasn’t also red, white, and blue; only confirming JARVIS’ diagnosis that the coast appears to be clear, Sir; casualties estimated at sixty-five.He broke into a grin. “Wooooooohoooo! Yeah!” He clapped. “Eat it, aliens! Did we just win, or did we just totally win?” He laughed, moonwalking through the dark silence of the underground hall. “I bet you thought he had me there, with his-“ JARVIS was telling him to stop dancing, he had a greenstick fracture in his tibia, but he couldn’t even feel it. “With that giant alien spear thing and his-“Steve was storming towards him in an even darker silence and for a second Tony panicked that JARVIS had been on speaker phone or something, but then Steve pushed him back against the wall and ripped off his own mask.Tony didn’t even get a chance to open his mouth before he kissed him.
Kissed him.

 Steve.

 When exactly -

 Okay.
Alien attacks and broken legs, he could handle…Tony suddenly realized his hands were hovering in mid-air like he was frozen. He definitely wasn’t, though – if anything, he was already overheating in his suit, and with Steve right there, right up against him, one hand flat on the wall behind him and the other around the back of his neck, kissing Tony – well, alright, maybe Tony was kissing him back, but that was only because he was too shocked to have thought this through yet, and it would have been rude not to – well, it wasn’t exactly cooling him down.
So Steve.

 Kissing him.
And inhaling him, and exhaling Tony’s name against his lips, and stroking all over his neck – Tony couldn’t feel it through the suit, but he could still feel it.He probably shouldn’t have kissed back, so that he could think about it before he knew his face was red and his palms were sweating and his whole body felt like it was vibrating with warmth, but he was still a genius who could figure out what to do within the next three seconds, and the next three seconds shouldn’t get too dangerous.
So Steve.
He flirted with him a lot, obviously, because Tony flirted with anyone and everyone who got within earshot – which Steve did a lot, obviously.He never really thought it meant anything. Maybe he flirted more with Steve than the others, but he was just such an easy target, with the way his ears always went bright pink and he sometimes even stammered (almost imperceptibly). Tony did have the ace up his sleeve that Steve wasn’t as used to hearing about Tony’s favorite words as anything other than “fondue”. Besides, Natasha would kill him, Clint would kill him, Maria would kill him, Thor might take him up on it (but Tony wasn’t entirely sure yet what he could do with a literal God), Pepper would certainly kill him for overstepping the boundaries she stipulated three months ago, and Bruce could kill him without meaning to (though that made it all the more fun).Three seconds shouldn’t get too dangerous, but they did. Something about Steve – just his presence – slowed Tony’s thoughts down until they ground to a halt, and the way he was kissing him…well, if ever a kiss screamed “I want to suck your cock”, it was this one.And that was dangerous. Tony put his hands up against Steve’s chest, because he was enjoying the things Steve’s tongue was doing to his own just a bit too much, and when there was finally an inch of space between them again, Tony said, “Well, Cap. I didn’t know you cared.” And his voice definitely didn’t shake; nor was it hoarse, as if Steve had sucked the strength of it straight out of his mouth.Steve really was all up on him. “I thought you were dead, you stupid asshole,” he muttered, moving onto kissing his jaw and his neck. All Tony could do was blink while the rest of his brain shrugged – until it felt like Steve was about to snap off a chunk of the suit.Tony signalled it to fold back off his shoulders. “Easy, tiger…”“Don’t you ever do that again.” He bit the crook of his neck, and – well, Tony had to get a bit more of the suit off, before something ended up broken. Then Steve started to kiss ever lower; slowly, thoroughly, wetly, with a hint of nipping, leaving a damp red trail, agonizingly slow.“I handled it fine,” he argued pointlessly. Somebody needed to pinch him – this was eerily similar to many of his other post-battle conversations with Steve, only Steve wasn’t normally shaking or kissing him like a goddamn expert. When exactly did he get the time to practise this? Cap’s virginity was just about the only thing they all agreed on. No, don’t think about it.Steve only dug his nails into his chest as more of his body was revealed, tracing his muscles with his lips. “Shut up. Just shut up.”“Okay,” he agreed in a high voice, but then Steve dropped to his knees and he was sure his face must hav
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Here we go...
Stony - Freeform
Light Dom/sub
Steve is a sub who knows what he wants
Aliens
Cockblocking
cockblocking aliens
Oral Sex
Blow Jobs
Public Sex
Public Blow Jobs
sort of? Does an underground hall-come-lair count as public?
hang on let me re-read this thing I'm sure there's more to it than aliens and cocksucking
oh yeah
Dirty Talk
First Kiss
Getting Together
Internalized Homophobia
Biphobia
Bisexuality
Face-Fucking
Facials
Deepthroating

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

