Chapter 1: The Call
    




Chapter Text
Metallica blaring on the sound system, Tony bent his head as he finished soldering the casing for the modified arc reactor sitting next to his elbow. He'd gotten the idea to create a portable generator for third-world countries from a documentary Pepper had made him sit through the night before. Ideally, he'd have the prototype finished by the time she made it home for dinner.Okay, so maybe he'd been more focused on distracting Pepper than actually watching the documentary. But he'd gotten the gist of it, and with the press still trying to harass him for follow-up stories from the SHIELD data dump more than a month ago he needed something to do with his hands.Suddenly, the music got quieter. "Call for you, sir."Tony didn't bother looking up. JARVIS would have told him if it had been Pepper or Rhodey on the phone. "Tell whoever it is that I'm busy plotting the death of the next reporter who asks me about my father, his death, or how I feel about the organization he helped create secretly being evil the whole time. Get creative with the details.""I stopped taking calls from news outlets a week ago, sir. But you asked to be informed immediately if Agent Romanoff, Agent Barton or Captain Rogers attempted to contact you."Tony lifted his head at that, interested enough now to actually turn off the soldering iron. He hadn't expected any of them to follow the route Hill had and come looking for a desk job – he was pretty sure Romanoff and Barton only wore business formal when they were about to kill someone, and he couldn't imagine Rogers had made it much past Google in his attempt to shed some of his dinosaur-ness.The thing was ... they weren't what you'd call friends. But you never forgot the people you saved the world with, and three of them had just become jobless, possibly homeless and high on the government's "pain in our ass" list. If any of them needed help, he wanted to be ready."Who is it?" he asked, pulling off his safety goggles and stretching his shoulders. His best guess was Natasha, even if she was calling for one of the other two. He had seen firsthand that she could take care of herself, but she was also smart enough to take advantage of whatever resources she could get her hands on."Captain Rogers."Well now, that was a surprise. Rogers hadn't even asked him for help during that whole manhunt thing he'd been on just after SHIELD went kablooey. He'd caught Hill "borrowing" a satellite or two and had graciously let her, after of course tracking everything she did and making note of every scrap of potentially useful information.Now that he thought about it, he was kind of offended Rogers hadn't asked him."Put him through." He smirked, knowing the man on the other end of the phone could hear it in his voice. "Decided you finally want some help from the big boss on your little manhunt?"There was a moment of silence on the other end of the line, and Tony allowed himself a moment of triumph over the fact that he had discombobulated the Capsicle. Then he heard Rogers clear his throat, very carefully. "Actually, the person I was looking for found me a long time ago. That's kind of why I need your help."Tony blinked. This is not how he expected the conversation to go. "Okay, that's terrifyingly vague. You're not in some supervillain prison, are you?" He stood without meaning to, the command to get his one remaining Iron Man suit out of storage already at the back of his throat."No! Geez, Stark, it's nothing like that." Okay, that actually sounded embarrassed. Tony slowly sat down as Rogers continued. "It's my ... friend, the one who found me. He needs your help."Tony scrubbed a hand across his face, trying to figure out what exactly was going on. "Still a little too vague, Rogers. Like 'I need bail money' help? Or 'I need to be smuggled out of the country' help?"Rogers sighed. "More like 'his cybernetic arm got electrocuted and now there's something wrong with it' help." There was a pause. "And ... friend was the wrong word."Tony's brain was still too caught up in the phrase "cybernetic arm" – he'd nearly swooned when he'd heard those fabulous little words – to really be paying attention to the last bit. "I think the term you're looking for is 'frenemy,' Captain," he tossed out, already digging through his tools for everything he might need.There was a hesitation on the other end of the line. "Actually," he said finally, "I think the word I was looking for was 'sweetheart.'"Tony froze, his head slowly lifting. "When you say 'sweetheart,'" he said carefully. "You mean old person for 'boyfriend,' right?""No." Rogers' voice got soft, and way dopier than Tony had imagined was even possible. "I mean like you and Pepper."Tony fell hard on his ass at that little revelation, catching the edge of his rolling stool and sending it skittering sideways. With a crashing noise, both it and Tony were tipped onto the floor."Stark? You okay?""I'm fine, fine." Tony scrambled to his feet
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Team as Family
Schmoop
Fluff
Angst
Humor
Bonding
Feels
Established Relationship
Slash

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

