Work Text:
Once the city’s scouts saw the Captain’s sails approaching over the horizon, Tony knew his fate was sealed.He took the news with every outward appearance of calm. When the city bells had first rung to sound the alarm, Tony had used a spyglass of his own design, more powerful by a factor of ten than the ones used by the city scouts, to survey the incoming threat. By the time a white-faced servant knocked at his door, Tony had already taken the measure of the Captain’s forces. The Captain’s recent battles against Hydra had doubled the size of his fleet. Some of the captured Hydra vessels still showed traces of red paint where Hydra’s tentacled sigil had been hastily scraped off the sides of the ships by the Captain’s troops. With a weary lack of surprise, Tony recognized that the cannons affixed to those ships matched the city’s own most recent designs. Stane had been busy.Their city had repelled raiders from the north before, with Howard’s cannons picking off ships at long range until the raiders simply turned and sailed for easier targets. That wouldn’t work against the Captain. Even if the cannons had been properly maintained since Howard’s death, which Tony knew for a fact hadn’t happened, the Captain’s ships were staying too far offshore for the cannons to reach. His own fleet’s cannons were in better shape, and although he didn’t have the advantage of the high ground, he could no doubt find a way to compensate. The Captain’s tactics were legendary. If he decided to target the city, he’d find a way in sooner or later.The ships were flying the Captain’s colors, red and blue rings with a white star in the middle, but below the Captain’s standard was a yellow flag, not the black flag Tony had expected. A black flag would have meant an assault was imminent. A yellow flag meant the Captain was willing to parlay, and if he was willing to negotiate, Tony knew exactly what Stane was going to offer him. There was only one bargaining chip in the city valuable enough to buy off the most feared barbarian of the north.Tony was glad to have made his own evaluation before the servant showed him to Stane’s office. It made it easier to stand there and be talked over like he wasn’t in the room while Stane and his advisors made frantic plans to convene a peace summit on an hour’s notice, like being there was his own idea. Like he had some measure of control over what was going to happen next. He didn’t usually allow himself the comfort of illusions, but lying to himself was better than falling into blind panic.Stane addressed him directly only once before the summit started. He stopped Tony outside the banquet hall where the Captain’s men were waiting, took his wrist in a punishingly hard grip, and spoke quietly enough that nobody else in the delegation heard. “I hope I can count on you to do what needs to be done.”“Oh, of course, Uncle Obie. I’ve always known my duty,” Tony said, stressing the  I’ve  just enough to make his point. Stane’s eyes narrowed. He wasn’t stupid, unfortunately--stupidity would have been easier to forgive--but he couldn’t do anything more forceful than glare to show his displeasure, not when he needed Tony to be as pristine as possible. It wouldn’t do to offer the Captain damaged goods.It gave Tony a sick little thrill to snark at Stane now, when he was protected from the casual backhand the words might have gotten him in other circumstances, but only because bruising him would be an insult to the Captain.Talk about mixed fucking blessings. “At least he doesn’t actually have horns.” Tony shifted his weight to his heels, trying to ease the pressure on his knees. It was hard to believe that this time yesterday evening he'd been getting ready to go to bed at the end of a normal, boring day. Every time he closed his eyes, he half-expected to wake up and find out this had all been an unusually vivid dream, except that his dreams involving nudity and rope had never been this damn  drafty. “Based on that bard’s tale from last midwinter, I’d wondered how closely he would match a literal devil, but he seems human enough.”Jarvis hummed and indicated that Tony should hold still with a fingertip on his shoulder. The ropes encasing his legs and everything in between them were all in place now, thank God, and they were onto the safer territory above Tony’s waist, Jarvis’ hands heartbreakingly gentle as he finished the bindings. Stane had sent one of his personal servants to do the work of getting Tony ready, but Jarvis had blocked the tent’s opening and said “I shall attend to Master Stark,” with such icy civility that the servant had bowed out without a word of argument. The servant had left a book instead, the page open to the rope design Jarvis was faithfully replicating. As embarrassing as it was, Tony was glad it was Jarvis and not a stranger applying the ritual bindings. Jarvis’ hands had never hurt him.“I’ve heard different tales about him in the servant halls.” Jarvis moved behind Tony and wait
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alpha Steve Rogers
Omega Tony Stark
Dubious Consent
Power Imbalance
Tribute Tony
Language Barrier
Non-verbal negotiation
Mutual Masturbation
Rope Bondage
Dubiously Consensual Bondage
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Scenting
Happy Ending

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

