Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Harry wearily paced the length of the cell, staring at the door from time to time. It was as always warded against him; the petty ministry had made sure to include that in the deal.“Harry, you'll wear yourself out,” Yinsen remarked then glanced at the door too. “You don't want them to drug you again, do you?”Harry sighed and went to sit on his cot, turning to look at Yinsen who had become his friend in the first day.“No, I don't,” Harry replied quietly, scratching softly at his curved ear. “Just... I have a strange feeling.”Yinsen raised an eyebrow at him then glanced at the door too. “What kind of strange feeling?”“Like we're about to have company,” Harry answered.“Our captors?” Yinsen questioned, getting to his feet.“No, well, yes. But like there will be a third person sharing our cozy living space as well,” Harry drawled.Yinsen rolled his eyes and they lapsed into comfortable, if a little wary, silence.   The minute that the door to their cell opened, Harry and Yinsen moved back to the rock wall and held their hands up.Harry watched as their captors stalked in, bringing in someone on a stretcher. The leader of the Ten Ring's terrorist group walked in behind them with the customary guards waiting by the door, pointing rifles at Harry and Yinsen both. The dark wizard that had kept Harry in line was also at the door, smirking at him. Harry glared at him then recoiled as one of the other guards raised a rifle and shot him. It was as always a dart gun with a mix of drugs in it, designed to keep Harry obedient and to keep him from using his magic or any of the elements to escape.Harry winced and swayed a minute, feeling sweat start to pool on his body. He glared at the guards and the wizard.The leader started to shout something at Yinsen then pointed at a few of the guards then at the guy on the stretcher. The guy on the stretcher was whimpering in pain and writhing. There was blood leaking out from a spot on his chest, along with cuts and bruises all over his body. There were rudimentary bandages on his chest but there was blood leaking through them.“Yinsen, what's he saying?” Harry murmured.Yinsen stared at the leader then turned to Harry. “He wants us to fix the man up.”“Like heal him?” Harry asked.Yinsen nodded, watching as the guards wheeled the stretcher into the middle of the cell. He started to ask about supplies, ordering the guards to bring hot water, bandages, and the few medical supplies that they had. Harry cautiously followed Yinsen over to the stretcher and glanced down at the man.“Yinsen, where do you want me? I can't heal but I can help in other ways,” Harry murmured, staring at the man on the stretcher. He seemed familiar in some way but Harry couldn't place him.“Keep him calm,” Yinsen replied distractedly. “They won't let him be knocked out. Either that or they don't have anything to knock him out with. I wasn't quite sure.”Harry's eyes narrowed. “They're not... Oh merlin. This won't end well.”Yinsen glanced at him before going to wash his hands in a bowl of water. “Just do your best. I can't operate on him if he's writhing or fighting me.”“Okay,” Harry replied, padding over to where the guy's head was. The guy stared at him, fear in his eyes and breathing quickly. His skin was ashen and there was sweat dripping down from his forehead. There was a thin layering of scruff below his mouth, almost forming a beard but not quite. The guy's eyes were wide and as soon as Harry came closer, he tried to hold up a shaky arm. Harry slowly reached out, keeping eye contact with the guy's dark brown eyes and slowly, gently grasped his hand.“Easy,” Harry whispered. “I'm not going to hurt you.”“Okay, Harry, I'm starting,” Yinsen said with a grim tone. “Guards are coming to hold him down. Keep him distracted. Well, at least until he passes out.”Harry frowned then turned back to the guy. “What's your name?”The man stared right back at him then at their entwined hands then back at his face, gritting out a quiet, “Tony Stark.”Harry heard Yinsen gasp then he watched as Yinsen picked up an instrument. Tony's eyes followed Yinsen's movements and his breathing picked up even more. Harry winced and reached out with his other hand to cup Tony's face. Stark turned to focus on Harry as he had wanted, eyes still wide with fear.“Tony, if I may call you that,” Harry started. “Focus on me. You're going to be okay. Just listen to my voice. Don't look at anything but me. Shh. You're going to be okay.”The first scream was not surprising at all. Harry winced inwardly, feeling Tony tighten his grip on his hand. Harry kept on whispering reassurances throughout the procedure, even after Tony passed out.   Harry breathed a sigh of relief as Yinsen pronounced that he was done, only now attaching a feeding tube. Tony had long since passed out more than forty minutes ago. His screams had been heart wrenching even though Harry didn't know the guy at all. He watched as Yinsen walked over to the bowl of water 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Hermione Granger/Draco Malfoy
Harry Potter/Tony Stark/Loki
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Implied/Referenced Torture
Threesome - M/M/M
Original Character(s)
Minor Character Death
dark themes
Bad Dumbledore
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Hand Jobs
Slow Build
Creature Harry
Loki's Kids
References to Norse Religion & Lore
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Harry Potter/Tony Stark
Hermione Granger/Draco Malfoy
Harry Potter/Tony Stark/Loki
Loki (Marvel)/Harry Potter
Loki/Tony Stark

