Work Text:

Tony Stark didn't consider himself to be a good man, his list of vices was a mile long, and the boy sitting at the front of the class, pretty, pink lips sucking on the back of a pen, only confirmed that for him. It was like the devil had placed him in his life just to be a temptation, whispering to him and encouraging him to sin once more and sink his teeth into the forbidden fruit. And a sinner Tony was.

There was something about him, something so pure and innocent and sweet, that made Tony want to tear off those ill-fitting clothes and absolutely ruin him. Spread those pale thighs and make him scream and beg for more. There had been more than one night where Tony found himself jerking off to the thought of fucking into Peter's tight heat, wondering if he was a virgin.

Teaching Peter's class was an exercise in self control and patience. It was like the boy knew what he was doing, always giving Tony those wide eyed looks, his cheeks flushed whenever Tony called on him to answer a question. There was no way he didn't realize exactly how he was affecting Tony, those soft smiles were in no way as innocent as they looked. Peter was a damn tease, plain and simple, and there was only one thing holding Tony back from taking what he wanted: Peter was 17, technically legal, yet still not an adult. His self control was wearing thin, though, and the urge to bend Peter over his desk and make him pay for all the times he left him with awkward erections, grew every day.

So, Tony pushed through, tried not to let temptation get the best of him, but never in his life had he wanted anyone as much as the skinny, wide eyed teenager that stared at him like he personally hung the sun in the sky every morning. Needless to say he was making things very difficult for Tony.

He had never been particularly good at ignoring his wants and desires, and right now the thing he wanted the most was to see those pretty brown eyes filled with tears, his lip quivering from barely held back sobs.

Tony didn't know exactly when he stopped caring about Peter being 17, but it all came to a head when Peter fell asleep in class. His friend Ned had woken him up after Tony asked him a question and the boy didn't respond, the look on his face as he realized what was going on made him throw all of his morals out the window. The sleepiness that clung to him made him look so soft and small, his brown hair messy and his face slightly flushed. That blush deepened immediately when he noticed Tony was staring at him expectantly and the way his eyes widened and he started stuttering out apologies really sealed the deal for Tony.

"Please stay behind after class, mister Parker." The words had left his mouth before he had the time to think about them, but it was hard to regret them when Peter forced out a quiet 

"Yes, sir."

 before bowing his head and focusing on his text book. Oh, this was going to be so incredibly satisfying.

Time seemed to trickle by like thick syrup, and the remaining 25 minutes of class couldn't pass fast enough. He did his best to stay professional and pretend Peter didn't exist for the rest of those torturous minutes, focusing on teaching instead of all the filthy things he wanted to do to sweet, innocent Peter Parker.

The grating sound of the bell ringing had never sounded more like music to his ears, and as everyone packed up their stuff and left, Peter remained seated, fingers rhythmically tapping on his desk until the room was completely empty except for the two of them. Only then did he get up, slowly making his way towards Tony's desk like he was walking towards his doom.

Tony leaned back in his chair and looked up at the boy in front of him, assessing every inch of him just to watch him squirm slightly. "Not getting enough sleep, mister Parker?"

"I- uh... I'm so sorry, sir, I didn't mean... I just had to study for this really big test, and I had a bunch of other homework to do as well and I hadn't realized how late it had gotten last night... I'm really sorry." The words came out in a rush, accompanied by jerky hand gestures that betrayed exactly how nervous he was feeling. Tony almost felt sorry for him. Almost.

"I'm not sure you are," Tony replied, voice low and Peter faltered for a moment, Tony could practically hear his heart rate speed up tenfold.

"W-what-" Peter's voice cracked adorably and he coughed nervously before trying again, his face bright red. "What do you mean?"

"What I mean-" Tony got up from his chair, standing right in front of the much shorter teenager who swallowed thickly at their proximity. "-is that I don't think I can let you get out of this without punishment. You're a smart kid and I don't want this to happen again,"

"It won't happen again, sir," Peter promised, eyes wide, his lower lip trapped between white teeth.

"I believe you." Tony put a hand on Peter's shoulder just to see how he'd react to his touch, his thumb stroking along the bare skin above the collar of his cheesy scie
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher
Dubious Consent
Spanking
Dom/sub Undertones
Blow Jobs
inappropriate use of rulers
Power Dynamics
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Power Imbalance
Under-negotiated Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

