Work Text:
Steve keeps rubbing his thighs together.He’s naked, spread out on his and Bucky’s bed, eagerly waiting for the other man’s return. Bucky’s never gone long, on days like this, when he tells Steve how much he wants to come home and find him just as he is now—bare as can be, all hard muscles and soft skin on display, waiting for Bucky to continue what they started. Steve knows Bucky breaks their time up in order to build the anticipation for them both, and he loves it, loves the expectation deep in his belly, an undercurrent that keeps him keyed up the entire time.Bucky went grocery shopping, or to the bank, or whatever else he needed to do on a Saturday morning—out doing something mundane while Steve waits, naked, wanting, for Bucky to return. Steve can still feel the lingering touch of Bucky’s fingers—flesh and metal—and the ghost of his kisses on his too-hot skin.Steve rubs his thighs together once more, unsure, yet again, if he likes or loathes the feeling of stubble burn between his legs. He can’t recall if it was a pleasure or a torture when he stood up from the bed earlier, heading to their shared en-suite bathroom, his stubble burned thighs and ass cheeks raw from having Bucky’s face between them. Not to mention the exquisite agony of his balls softly swaying against his irritated skin. He thinks he probably likes it, likes having something tangible, a reminder of what Bucky can do to him, at least for while it lasts. And god—what Bucky does to him.In another life, he thinks he’d be embarrassed by how much he craves it, how easy it is to give in to this, how much pleasure it brings him to fall apart under Bucky. Steve shifts on the sheets, spreads his thighs to get some relief from his irritated skin—and throws his head back when the plug inside of him shifts along with his body, pressing a little deeper, harder, grazing over his prostate.And it shouldn’t be so hot, shouldn’t make Steve feel flushed anew all over at the mere memory of what Bucky did to him. But it gets him riled up, gets his cock harder between his legs, the ring at its base keeping him wanting and ready. The plug in his ass is a poor substitute for Bucky’s cock, but it’s all he has until the other man gets back. Steve will never admit it, but there’s something about having his ass full that does it for him. He thinks it doesn’t even have to be sexual, necessarily, wonders sometimes what it would be like to let Bucky go soft in him after, and to just hold him, keep him there until Bucky goes hard again, and Steve would still be so wet and open that Bucky could start fucking him again and again, and Steve could keep him like that forever.He shifts his ass back onto the sheets, the plug grinding into his body, and god, he fucking loves it, loves that Bucky plugged him up like this before he left, come and lube and saliva kept inside of him, keeping him wet for the next round. It should be gross, and maybe it will be later, but god, Steve really fucking loves it.Keys jingle. Steve’s anticipation rises. The door opens, closes. Feet shuffle over hardwood floors. Steve moves on the bed, kneeling, with his arms behind his back, a hand clasping each elbow, waiting. He thinks he hears the sound of paper bags, of cupboard doors opening and closing, the clinking of something Steve thinks might be the coffee canister being refilled—and then silence.Steve doesn’t even realize he’s holding his breath until the bedroom door creaks open and he sees Bucky, silhouetted in the mid-morning sunlight streaming in through the bedroom window. Steve’s hands itch to trace the outline of his form, but he curls his fingers into his skin, knowing that now isn’t Steve’s time to touch.Bucky’s eyes scan over him, darkening, and he bites his lip, throwing something toward Steve. Steve doesn’t bring his hands up to catch the silky slip of fabric, just lets it hit his chest and fall to the bed. He gives Bucky a questioning look and the other man nods a little. He unclasps his arms and touches it slowly, reverently. He recognizes a blindfold when he sees one, fingers at the soft, navy silk, then looks up to Bucky, his mouth dropping open a little in surprise and appreciation.“What do you think?” Bucky asks.Steve’s mouth feels a little dry when he tries to talk. He’s been wanting to try this for a long time, but Bucky’s been hesitant about it. Steve hadn’t pushed, nor was he going to ask Bucky if he was sure, not wanting to look a gift horse in the mouth. “Can—can I, Sir?”Bucky licks his lips, “Yeah. Pull it tight. I don’t want you to see what I’m gonna do to you.”Steve shivers at that and lifts his hands up, swiftly placing the dark material over his eyes and tying it taut behind his head. He takes a moment to appreciate how the blindfold does a great job of blocking out the light; he can still see the suggestion of light and shapes, but when he closes his eyes beneath it, everything disappears and falls away into a quiet darkness.“Good boy,” Bucky mumbles befo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Established Relationship
pre-negotiated kinks
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Praise Kink
Begging
Deepthroating
Sex Toys
Rimming
Felching
Fingerfucking
Fisting
Blindfolds
Anal Plug
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Sensation Play
Edgeplay
Overstimulation
Barebacking
BDSM
Light Bondage
Rough Sex
Painplay
Unsafe Sex
Come Sharing
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Biting
Breathplay
idk i hope i got them all
Smut
like so much smut seriously
Multiple Orgasms
Bottom Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

