Chapter 1: Flash
    




Chapter Text





Chapter 1: Flash

It all started with a haircut.  Well...no.  It had actually started back in seventh grade.  That was when Flash Thompson had transferred to their school in the middle of the year.  Penny had felt bad for him at first...it was scary to transfer to a new school in the middle of the year, and he was obviously smart.  A nerd just like her.  He’d showed up to the chess club meeting that week, proving that her first assessment had been right, so she had wondered if he would join her little friend group.  Well, friend duo.  She’d known Ned since third grade when they’d become best friends, bonding over a mean girl in class who’d made fun of them both.  Then, Flash had opened his mouth, all cool and self assured, everything Penny wasn’t, and then he’d beaten her twice in a row, made some joke about her, which a handful of people at chess club had laughed at, and that had been it.  He’d gotten into Midtown Tech, along with her and Ned, and after that, the bullying had only escalated.  Once, in eighth grade, she’d mentioned it to May.  Just the basics.  “He knocks into me in the hallways sometimes.”  She’d told her aunt when Ben had been at work.  She hadn’t wanted to get her uncle angry...any hint of boys being mean to her, and she had had a feeling that Uncle Ben would have his retribution.  So she’d waited until she and May had been alone.  “Knocks my books out of my hands.  Pulls my hair…”  Penny had left it at that.  May had given her a little smile, tugging gently on the end of Penny’s braid.  “He’s just being mean because he likes you.”  Her aunt had broken it to her gently, like this was some kind of big revelation.  But of course, Penny had known that wasn’t true.  Why would someone that liked her slam her into lockers and call her mean names, ‘Penis Parker’ being his favorite?  She could never bring herself to say that particular nickname out loud to Aunt May.  Still, Ned liked her.  Okay, he didn’t like her like her, but he was her best friend, and he was never mean to her.  Still, she never mentioned anything to May about Flash bullying her ever again.Logically, she knew he hated that she was smarter than her.  She was better at robotics, better at programming (even though Ned was even better than she was at that) and better at Academic Decathlon where he was always an alternate.  Sure, he had more friends and was more popular, but she had Ned and, later, Michelle, so she wasn’t upset about it.  Her and MJ had met in art class, which was, unfortunately, mandatory.  Something about a balanced education.  Anyway, Michelle had been doing a sketch of Penny titled ‘honors chemistry student in distress’ and ever since, the two had been pretty good friends.  Of course, Michelle didn’t love Star Wars or superhero comics like Penny and Ned, but she and Penny did have the occasional girl’s night.  When Mr. Stark had shown up at her apartment one day after school, whisking her into a life of superheros and pretend internships, she’d dropped most of her extracurriculars, including robotics club and band, but she’d stuck with Academic Decathlon even if it meant less time as Spidergirl.  (She’d wanted to be Spider-Woman but apparently it had too many syllables or something...besides, Youtube commenters had been the ones to come up with her superhero name.)  And while she’d been busy stealing Captain America’s shield and fighting some guy called the Vulture who just happened to be a cool, beautiful senior’s father and taking down a plane full of really important weapons and technology, Flash had somehow been getting more and more popular, and, apparently, more and more resentful of the tiny space she’d carved out for herself at Midtown Tech.  After the spider bite, and after getting her new powers, there had been times when she’d been tempted to use that new super strength to shove that asshole into a locker once or twice.  Maybe web him to the side of a building and leave him there.  But if there was anything her Uncle Ben had taught her, it was that her new powers came with serious responsibility.  People who had a lot of power had to be responsible with it!  She could use her powers to help people.  She could use them to goof around and swing across the city and have some fun.  But using them to get petty revenge on a bully...that wouldn’t be right.So she ignored him for the most part.  Let him throw spitballs at her head and knock her stuff out of her hands and slam his shoulder into hers while they walked down the hallway.  It rarely hurt anymore, even if she did sometimes find bruises when he’d trip her push her down the stairs.  She told herself it was all no big deal.  Everyone dealt with bullies at some time or another, and honestly, how could she complain when her life was so freaking amazing?  After her disastrous homecoming, Mr. Stark had invited her to join the Avengers!  To be an actual member of a superhero team!  With Iron Man!  And he hadn’t b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Female Spiderman
Irondad
5+1
Peter is Penny because Peter is a girl
And Tony Stark is kind of her dad
Tony Stark Has A Heart

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

