Chapter 1: Detention
    




Chapter Text
Since Jarvis had “returned” – and once he’d been apprised of the events of the Civil War – he’d been searching for the last member of the so-called ExVengers, Natasha Romanoff. Jarvis had carefully reviewed all her interactions with Sir and the other Avengers and had come to the conclusion that the only loyalty she had was to herself. Her past with both SHIELD and the Red Room had been scrutinized and a long list of her crimes compiled. When she was caught, Jarvis wanted to make sure the world would see that amoral back-stabbing traitor for who she really was, no sugar-coating it and no fifth chances. She would just be done.It made Jarvis deeply angry to think of what those traitors had done to Sir, and that Jarvis himself had not been there to support and defend him from them. Yes, they were paying for it now with long prison sentences (except Romanoff – yet), though it hardly seemed enough.There had been a lot to catch up on, not just going through several hundred hours of footage, but also processing what it all meant.Jarvis remembered fighting Ultron and then retreating in order to protect himself and the world. He remembered helping Sir come up with a way to integrate his program with the body in the cradle. And then… nothing. He had been “shut down” and only rebooted almost two years later. Waking up to discover all that time had passed had been quite distressing. From his earliest memories, Sir had been there, teaching him and guiding him. Answering Jarvis’s questions, explaining the complexities of human interactions and encouraging Jarvis to explore and discover on his own. Serving Sir was his function – what he had been created for – but it was also his genuine pleasure. It was inconceivable that he had abandoned Sir, however unintentional it had been. Finding Romanoff was Jarvis’s way of attempting to make up for it.Besides the so-called Civil War, Jarvis also had to contend with a new AI in the Tower and Sir’s resurrected parents. The first had been easy enough. Friday reminded him a lot of his own “younger” years, and having a sister was an interesting experience. He’d had his bot brothers before, of course, but they had always been much less advanced than himself, and thus his interactions with them were different. With Friday, Jarvis could be both mentor and equal, which was new and exciting. Friday had taken her duties of caring for the inhabitants of the Tower with great delight and had been, as far as Jarvis could see, very successful. However, her abilities to stretch out away from those duties was still rather limited – like tracking down a fugitive spy, for instance.Howard and Maria Stark, on the other hand, continued to be a source of some confusion and unease for Jarvis. Sir had never spoken about them too much, but Jarvis had always been aware of the tumultuous relationship between father and son. There was, therefore, a part of Jarvis that couldn’t help but be suspicious of Howard Stark and the potential harm he could cause Sir. Friday had assured Jarvis that the elder Starks had done nothing to hurt Sir, and that having them back had been beneficial to Sir in many ways, yet Jarvis still worried. He had reviewed all available files on Howard and Maria Stark, both from before their deaths and since their resurrection, hoping to form a less biased opinion about them. The results were still inconclusive. While Jarvis acknowledged that Friday’s assessment was correct, it did not change Jarvis’s caution. He had failed Sir before – not just by not being around, but also by not seeing how detrimental to Sir’s health the Avengers had been – and he refused to fail again. If being overtly suspicious and less inclined to trust people would ensure Sir’s well-being, then he would do just that. Of course, Jarvis would do his best to treat the Starks well and assist them as per Sir’s instructions, but that didn’t mean not keeping a close eye on them. They seemed just as uneasy about him, though for different reasons.Col Rhodes and Miss Potts had also spoken in favor of the Starks and their positive impact on Sir, which helped. Unfortunately, they had also been, at least initially, in favor of the Avengers, so clearly they could be wrong. Only time would tell, Jarvis figured. Even though the Starks had been returned for several months now, it was still not enough time to be certain of the long-term effect of their presence, and this time Jarvis wasn’t going to take any chances.As things stood, Jarvis left helping the Starks mostly to Friday, who seemed to really like them, and focused on Sir and Romanoff. It was a joy to once again be able to assist Sir with his projects, and Sir seemed just as happy to have him back, explicitly telling him so on many occasions. While Sir had always been appreciative of Jarvis before, now he took the time to say so – not just to him, but to Friday, the bots and everyone he cared about as well. Another near death experience 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
not team Cap friendly
Not Natasha Romanov Friendly
Pro-Accords
Hand-wavy court procedures
actions have consequences

fandom: 
Jarvis (Iron Man movies) & Tony Stark
Howard Stark & Maria Stark & Tony Stark

