Chapter 1





Chapter Text
The first time Peter fought along side the Avengers (not with half and against half), he had a blast. Tony had nearly had a heart attack at the ‘unnecessary danger’ Peter put himself through, but to Peter it was always necessary. And as long as he didn’t die, how dangerous could it really be? He was still alive and kicking, that’s all that mattered.

After a few more times, Tony seemed to begin to trust Peter to make his own calls. While Tony didn’t yell at him anymore, Peter could still sense the disapproving looks he sent his way. Even through the mask. Maybe it was his spidey senses.

He was an adult now, and it bothered him that everyone still treated him like a child. Tony, Aunt May. Of course he loved that he had so many people who cared about him, it was upsetting that no one seemed to trust him. No one until Loki that is.

When Thor and Bruce showed up in a ship full of the remaining members of the Asgardian society, they brought a stow away also. Tony forbid Peter from stepping within a thirty foot radius of Loki, while they sorted things out. He heard a lot of screaming and arguing. But with Thor AND Bruce arguing in favor of Loki and his actions, there wasn’t much the Avengers really wanted to do about it afterwards. Not when they had all the information about what Thanos had really done to Loki.

Of course, no one would share that information with Peter. He was too ‘young’ to hear about it. It didn’t matter that he had seen things not even adults should see at a much younger age than he was now. He was determined to find out what all the fuss was about.

Eventually Thor worked things out with the Asgardians. A handful of them stayed, but many of them traveled with Heimdall to other realms to seek shelter in more comfortable and accepting environments. There was a beautiful woman, named Brunnhilde. She was a Valkyrie, and a badass. Peter even managed to sneak past the bots Tony kept outside his room for ‘protection’ to see her.

They talked about swords and Asgard and the fallen Valkyrie. She was leaving, but Peter desperately wished she’d stay. Right after he got her to promise to visit again, Tony found them and dragged him back to his room, spouting about dangerous Asgardians. It wasn’t fair.

Sadly, Valkyrie had left, intent on going back to a life of solitude and bar fights that she was so fond of. However Tony had let Bruce, Thor, and Loki stay. He gave it a fair amount of cool down time before trying his luck with them. He had never met Bruce, but there was a certain appeal to such a brilliant mind trapped inside a big green beast. And while he knew it was incredibly dangerous, he also wanted to poke and prod Bruce into unleashing the Hulk. For purely scientific reasons.

As weeks went by, Peter was still forbidden to be near Loki. Tony even went as far as threatening to tell Aunt May if Peter didn’t stop trying. Peter wasn’t happy. Thor wasn’t happy either, claiming there was no reason to ban his brother from meeting a child. Being called a child wasn’t ideal, but he wouldn’t argue with it considering they were fighting for the same goal. Tony wouldn’t budge.

Loki wasn’t confined to a room. He had almost free range, with the exception of disappearing immediately if Peter entered the same room. It was maddening. Just the idea that something was there beyond his grasp made everything so much more mysterious. Peter loved a mystery.

As far as he could tell, no one was friendly with Loki. They played nice for Thor, but they didn’t exactly want to sit around and share stories over a glass of wine, or whatever old people liked to do. It just didn’t seem fair. They were letting him stay there, they had all forgiven him. So how bad could he be?

From time to time he would catch Loki leaving a room as Peter entered. It was infuriating that Loki just poofed in and out of existence with ease. It made it impossible for him to stop Loki and force him to talk. But as time went on, he realized it was a game. It was as if Loki knew what rooms he would be in at what times. He would stay for a split second longer than he reasonably needed to before disappearing.

The one time Loki didn’t leave right away, Peter was so shocked that he froze. Loki had been relaxed on the couch, watching a documentary on TV. Their eyes locked, and time ticked by at a fraction of the pace it usually did. Loki just smirked, winked, stood up and walked out of the room. Peter nearly fell over out of pure shock.

Loki had only been inches away when he walked out of the room. Close enough to smell. Peter was confused to realize he had enjoyed the scent. It was strange and new. That on top of the wink, Peter’s heart raced. How had he not noticed before? Loki was sexy. Peter knew he stood no chance with a literal God, but he couldn’t smother the yearning that started building in his chest.

He got through it with a lot of fighting and even more masturbation. Loki wasn’t allowed to go on missions with them,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Peter Parker

freeform: 
Aged-Up Peter Parker
seductive loki
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Kinky Loki (Marvel)
Sneaking Around
Dom Loki (Marvel)
Sub Peter
Clones
Lady Loki

fandom: 
Loki/Peter Parker

