Work Text:
The look on Steve’s face was pained, perfectly mirroring the pain in Tony’s heart.“I’m sorry,” he apologized, and he sounded like he meant it. “I didn’t know where else to go.”It wasn’t the apology Tony wanted.But that was only to be expected. It’d been just over a week since Iron Man and Captain America’s fight in that Siberian bunker over the Winter Soldier, and all of Tony’s injuries were safely hidden beneath long sleeves and jeans. He supposed he should be grateful Steve didn’t hit Iron Man in the face too much or they would’ve been having a very different conversation right now.He wanted to tell Steve to shove it, to take his sanctimonious ass and the rest of the ex-Avengers and get the fuck away from him. If they’d shown up any sooner, he probably would have. But… Tony could have reacted better in that bunker. And Steve didn’t know he and Iron Man were the same person. Maybe… Maybe Steve would tell him about his parents. Maybe Steve would make that choice. This time.“Why me?” he asked, looking around at the ex-Avengers, the people who had betrayed him, but now filled the living room of his mansion. He carefully did not let his eyes linger on the man he now knew killed his parents. “Why was I even an option in the first place?”Because Tony Stark had nothing to do with the Avengers Initiative. He wasn’t affiliated with Iron Man. He’d been very careful about that. He’d already been targeted once for his weapons. He didn’t have any interest in it happening again. As far as anyone was concerned, Iron Man was a robot that’d just sort of shown up one day. No one knew who made him, not for certain, though he was considered the single most advanced artificial intelligence in the world. The popular theory, one pushed forth by Tony himself when he’d been called upon by multiple sources to consult, was that Iron Man was a learning AI created many years ago who had since developed far beyond his original programming. Tony had also taken the necessary steps to leave a trail indicating that Howard had very likely been his creator. That might make all the difference if he needed to stake a claim on the technology at some point.Tony Stark was just the eccentric ex-CEO, still-owner of Stark Industries, who’d taken a step back from the business and his wild social life after a three-month kidnapping incident. He’d gone to great lengths to make sure that the arc reactor wasn’t discovered and had, thanks to a reunion with his old flame Maya Hansen, since removed the reactor completely. There was nothing left to tie him to Iron Man. Not when the lab where he worked on the suit was buried far beneath the city, accessible through New York’s subway system or a hidden passage in his garage. The armor was down there now, actually, patiently awaiting the moment when Tony would finally be able to stand to work on it again.“Actually,” Sam said, stepping forward after a brief but awkward moment of silence, “I was the one who suggested it.”Tony frowned at him.“You’re Falcon, right? Fuck, you guys are all wanted fugitives, aren’t you?”He let a tone of panic creep into his voice, acting like the realization was only just hitting him. It was easier than he cared to admit, helped along by Clint shifting uneasily in his peripheral vision. His skin crawled under Natasha’s gaze.“It’s okay,” Steve tried to tell him, which was so absurd Tony wanted to laugh. Steve had no idea just how not okay this was. “Sam suggested it, but I was the one who made the call. We met at Peggy’s funeral, do you remember?”Like it hadn’t been just a week and a half before. Like Tony hadn’t given the Iron Man armor over to JARVIS’ control so he could attend the funeral of his godmother while Iron Man attended the Accords signing. Some things were just more important.“Of course.”“You said she always told you stories about me when you were growing up, stories about the adventures she and I would get up to. About the Howling Commandoes and Bucky Barnes.”Tony’s eyes stung. He’d had no idea at the time that Steve would soon betray him. He would never have revealed something so intimate if he’d known. He hadn’t known Barnes had killed his parents, or that the assassin was about to be framed for bombing the UN. He’d… He’d hoped Steve might turn to Tony Stark for help finding his long-lost friend. He wanted to know if he and Steve could be friends, or at least friendly, not just as Captain America and Iron Man.“Lots of kids were raised on bedtime stories of Captain America,” he hedged.He had a feeling where this was going, and he didn’t much like it. Still, knowing something was a bad idea had never stopped him before.”None of them were Howard’s son.”This was it. Maybe this was the moment Steve told him the truth. Maybe Steve would tell Howard’s son what he’d deemed beneath the notice of Howard’s creation. (Not that there was a difference.)“My old man spoke well of you, too. But I’m pretty sure you weren’t an international criminal when he knew you.”Because Ton
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Secret Identity
Secrets
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Being Tony
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Angst
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Bucky Barnes Remembers
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Protective Steve Rogers
No character bashing
Unresolved Emotional Tension
Ambiguous/Open Ending
First Kiss
Talking
Communication
Tony rambling
Mental Health Issues

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers

