Work Text:

The small village of Vimur of Jotunheim was alive and festive with the wedding of two of their own. 

Thor and Loki had been engaged for a full year before the wedding as was customary amongst the frost giants, and they had had a hard time abiding by the rules.
 
The hardest for Thor of course, having been unable to touch his small, little Loki in the way he so desperately wanted. But he had refrained, as had Loki, from much more than a kiss or held hands, and both were rather proud of each other. 

But all that would change tonight. Their union was official in the eyes of their home, sanctioned by the priest, and now, they were sat at a huge feasting hall. The tables had been lined with foods of all sorts, with the scent of smoked meats and steamed roots wafting through the snow that fluttered down on their celebration. 
 
Thor couldn't help but constantly stare at Loki. He looked beautiful with his jet black hair plaited in ornate braids, woven with shining thread for embellishments. The painted gold bands around his blue skin could only ever compliment the smaller Jotun in ways Thor could not express through words. 
 
His 

husband

 was beautiful. 
 
Loki smiled and rubbed the back of his husband's hand gently with his thumb. Even before they had been engaged, Loki had long admired the bigger giant. He was strong and powerful and while his height was not as tall as some of their kind, he still dwarfed Loki, and was twice his height and of course his muscular width. 
 
“And now, I, Balder, speaking on behalf of mine brother, Thor, will present his gifts to the marriage!” Shouted a giant suddenly, making his way to the cleared area in front of the feasters. “A bolt of spider silk from Alfheim- never has there been a finer and more costly fabric produced! Daggers for the bride, made from the bones of a dragon. Thor felled this beast the night he was engaged to Loki. A traveling cloak made from the skin-!” 
 
Each item was presented and Loki felt his chest swell with pride. Ha! Loki, a runtling, was married to the strongest man in the village. His husband's hunting prowess was shown in his gifts to Loki. They were a symbol of strength and devotion and love. Ha! Anyone who had dared to mock his size could now see how their most accomplished warrior was his. 
 
Thor smiled with each gift his brother had presented to his new bride, made even happier by the way smile on Loki's face and they way his eyes lit up brightly. 






Once Balder had finished, the crowd cheered and clapped, and a giantess stepped forward from Loki's side.






"Now, I, Hela, will speak and present on behalf if my little brother, Loki." The female frost giant had hair just as dark as Loki's but she was nearly twice his height. But still, she stuck her tongue out at Loki subtly as the gifts were brought to her side to present. 






"A drinking horn, cut and carved from a bull bilgesnipe and inlaid with silver! Bracers of forged black steel from the northern mountains, enchanted with runes of protection! Dried slices of Idun's golden apples! A single bite could bring you from the brink of death-!"






Thor's eyes widened at the gifts, though he shouldn't have been as surprised for his husband had always had ways to find the most uniquely practical things, and his talents for magic were unmatched in the land, and if Thor were being utterly honest, probably the entire kingdom.






Perhaps he was bias. But nonetheless Loki's items of magic astounded the warrior and he looked back to his bride. He squeezed Loki's hand, but the look in his ruby eyes told the smaller he would 

really

 see how much Thor appreciated his gifts tonight.
 
“Is the bride satisfied with his husband's gifts?” Balder boomed the question to which Loki roared back that he was. When Hela asked the question to Thor, the man’s growl sent vibrations through Loki's entire being. 
 
The village clapped and the feast continued on. 
 
Finally, the last torch was burning down. Loki stood with Thor and they walked side by side to Thor’s hut. It was large- allowed to be so due to his strength and supposed virility. For one of Thor's power would certainly sire many big, strong children. For that reason, he was allowed to expand his dwellings and attach a private addition for his bride. 
 
As they entered the home, Loki was taken to the bedroom by a few of the married dames from the village. He was stripped and his body had a few additional gold markings painted onto it- a series of runes for fertility on his stomach, and a few on the inner parts of his thighs that prayed he might grasp his husband tightly between them. His hair was unplaited mostly and spread around his shoulders, framing his wonderfully beautiful face. 
 
“Your husband is coming, Loki.” Said Sif, who laid a blanket over his lower extremities. Thor was pushed into the room, nude as well. His long blond hair contrasted so wonderfully with his dark blue skin, and he stood tall, displaying his full s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Jotun Thor
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Intersex Loki (Marvel)
Breeding
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Marriage
Mating Rituals
Mating Bites
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Size Kink
Size Difference
Loki is the biggest size queen with his Jotun husband
i am not joking the size kink is real here
Loki and Thor Are Not Related
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Anal Fingering
licking private parts
Dominance
Jotun haka
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Knotting
Squirting
lokis jussy is squelch-y

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)

