Work Text:
Peter didn’t want to be alone when they got back.
It wasn’t a childish request; neither did Tony. Or Rhodey. Pepper, Bruce, Nat, Wanda, Sam… Steve… none of them.
Thor had lost everything and a half. If a whole-ass demi-god wants some company after this, kiddo, Tony had whispered to Peter as he drifted off on the couch, then you’ve got nothing to be embarrassed for.
May had come and gone. She had been with Peter - who valiantly stayed awake the entire time – for a couple hours, but had to get back off to the hospital. Those who hadn’t turned to… you-know-what… after the… you-know-what… had ended up in some really sticky situations. Car, plane, helicopter crashes, abandoned surgeries, construction site accidents… Tony really didn’t envy May Parker right now.
And so, finally, with a last glance around him to secure in his mind that he was definitely safe, an exhausted Peter was out like a light.
Dropping back down to sit beside his head, Tony draped a thin blanket over him. He curled into it reflexively, sleeve-grasping hands hugging it to his body.
Before she’d left, May had murmured in his ear that he was running a low-grade fever. It was probably nothing, but best to keep an eye on him all the same.
He had to admit that he’d noticed it too; Peter was pale, kinda grey, almost.
He was less talkative, and he had no appetite. He guessed the latter wasn’t completely bizarre – Tony wasn’t gonna be stomaching anything for a good long while yet – but for an enhanced, it meant they’d have to get something down him soon. Tony smiled down at the stubborn kid affectionately - he expected resistance on that.
Either way, he’d do as he was told. He’d keep an eye on him.
Not as though he wanted to be any further than 20 metres from Peter at any given point for the next few decades anyway.
Running a gentle hand through the kid’s hair, he kicked his feet up to rest beside Rhodey’s on the ottoman.
Before they’d arrived, Peter had also mentioned how his Spider-Man-ness wasn’t back up to scratch yet. His senses were dulled, his strength not quite there. But he didn’t seem that bothered by it, so neither was Tony. He was just exhausted. Coming back to life was probably a gradual thing.
He snorted to himself. Coming back to life. Resurrection-style. Half the goddamn universe has just pulled a full-blown Jesus Christ.
Rhodey patted his thigh and the two shared a look. “You good, dude?”
Tony gave him a weary smile and let his eyes wander across the others, who milled about in small groups. Barton, to Tony’s sadness, had gone back to his family soon after returning, but the rest were here.
Steve and Sam were cooking en masse. Thor watched, giving well-meaning and amusing directions. The girls were grouped close together on the couch opposite, quietly talking and catching up. Bruce was flat-out on his back, hands steepled on his stomach, snoring softly.
If he closed his eyes, he could almost pretend it was the good old days.
… almost.
Well, plus Peter, of course. Out of protective instinct, he let his index and middle finger slip to press Peter’s over-warm pulse point. The rapid fluttering under the pads of his fingers made him frown.
“Hm.” He voiced to Rhodey. “Kid’s heart’s galloping.”
Rhodey leaned round him to get a look, mirroring his expression. “That not normal?”
He shook his head absently. “Nah.” He flattened his palm against Peter’s neck, stroking his thumb up and down in a fruitless but calming gesture.
Peter’s face scrunched up then flattened again, exhaling into his hand, lips parted.
“He does look tense. I don’t know, he’s probably just overdone it. It is a lot of overexcitement for a 16 year old, Tones.” Rhodey said, the tone of his voice the exact one he uses on Tony when he’s on the verge of an anxiety attack.
Tony smirked a little despite himself. Was it that obvious how much he was attached to this kid?
“Yeah. You’re probably right. As usual.” Rhodey laughed under his breath and sat back.
They sat that way for a while, Peter unconsciously moving so that the crown of his head was pushing against Tony’s leg.
He only (reluctantly) left the couch when Pepper insisted he eat something. A huge meal had been made, 2 deep bowls each of pasta and Bolognese laid out on the table. Grabbing a plate, he shot Steve a small, grateful smile.
Steve returned it openly, giving a reserved squeeze to his shoulder as he passed behind him to get the garlic bread.
Tony dropped his gaze to the ground and coughed. There was a lot to unpack between him and Steve.
He had to admit, though, he was quietly excited to have him back.
They spread out again to eat, some of them sitting at the kitchen counter, some on the couch, some at the table. He sat between Pepper and Thor on the side of the table that faced Peter.
It was funny; he caught everyone sneaking almost-parental glances at Peter every so often.
But, he guessed he couldn’t laugh at them. He could hardly stop himself from staring at Peter with thinly veiled worry. It was clear t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Team as Family
Vomiting
i put peter through some real pain
sorry peter
I Love You
I Do
I promise
some - Freeform
Fluff
Too i swear
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Infinity War spoilers
post IW
Hurt Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
Whump

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

