Work Text:
“Mr Stark!”
Tony started, banged his knee on the table and cursed.
“Mr Stark I just heard from Miss Potts oh man I’m so excited if it’s true!” Peter skidded to a halt in front of him and started bouncing from foot to foot. “It is true right? She wasn’t just messing with me?”
“Pepper is a big fat dirty liar who revels in other people’s disappointment,” Tony deadpanned. Peter’s excitement morphed into such a horrified look of betrayal that Tony felt both amused and bad, and decided to put him out his misery. “Nah, it’s all true, except for the part about the monkey and camel, I told Bruce to stay away from those kinds of experiments, but did he listen?” he sighed dramatically and shook his head in disappointment. “No one ever listens, kid.”
His amusement grew when Peter stared at him, clearly uncertain how to respond. He could almost see the debate going on in the teenager’s brain (and a small part of him wondered how and when he’d come to know Peter so well he could tell something like that, which he firmly ignored).
“I listen to you?” When Tony raised his eyebrows, Peter said, “Like, you told me not to touch that?” he gestured to the table at the back of the lab where the more dangerous materials and experiments were conducted.
“I told you not to do anything stupid.”
“Right, and touching that would be stupid, so…”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest. “You realise that rule applies outside the lab too? For example, when little Spiderlings go out on patrol and get injured badly enough to bleed through their clothes.” He nodded to the slowly-growing red stain on the side of the kid’s t-shirt. Peter looked down, blanched, then tried to pretend he wasn’t panicking.
“It’s ketchup?”
This damn kid.
“Sit and lift your shirt,” he ordered and fetched the first aid kit (for emergencies, a rule enforced by Pepper after a few… incidents), ignoring the it’s not that bad and it’ll heal babble in preference of manhandling the kid into a chair. One gesture later and Peter was scowling while holding up his shirt. The wound was weeping, but the edges had already started to scab over thanks to the kid’s enhanced healing.
Tony tried to ignore his shaking hands as he knelt and started to apply some antiseptic cream. When the kid flinched, he scrambled for a distraction.
“What were you and Pepper talking about that got you so excited anyway?” The question sunk in and then he said, “Hold up, since when do you talk to Pep before seeing me?”
"Since I'm going to be flower-girl at your wedding?" Peter gave him a look that said it should be obvious. Tony chuckled, but when the kid didn't join in he realised it wasn't a joke.
"So what's the story behind that?" he asked. He was well-aware it had come out of the WIRED video, but clearly he'd missed the part where joke turned to reality. "You got some unfulfilled dreams as a kid you want realised or -?"
Peter shrugged and winced, prompting Tony to speed up a little. "We're not thinking I'd follow Miss Potts down the aisle or anything, just like maybe I'd hang above throwing flowers out or whatever, but people would have to know about me being Spider-Man so... actually we've been talking more about decorations 'cause I could get to all the hard to reach places, you know? Sticky sticky," he waggled his fingers at Tony. "Oh! We were looking at some napkin designs - Mr Stark, you grew up fancy, why are there so many folds?" Now the kid just looked bewildered.
"I'm stopping you there bud," Tony held up a hand and Peter quietened. "For my sanity, we're just gonna skip over how weirdly involved you are in this wedding -"
"But Miss Potts asked -!"
"- and jump straight to what it was she said that you got so worked up about." He finished applying the cream and pressed a dressing against the wound.
Peter sucked in a breath, before saying through gritted teeth, "I'm not worked up."
"You came in like an excited puppy - this barging into my lab's getting to be a habit, you realise?"
"I did it like one time! And - and she said you were doing the Stark Expo again in a couple of months."
Finally done treating the wound, Tony got to his feet and had to suppress his own wince when his back protested and his knee cracked. He got a disinfectant wipe for his own hands and marvelled at the things he put up with for this kid, before saying, "That's what got you so excited?"
"Yeah!" Peter lit up. He leapt out of the seat as if he didn't have a gaping wound in his side. "I haven't been since I was uh - nine? Ten? My aunt and uncle didn't want to risk it after -" he broke off suddenly. Tony prepared himself; this had happened often enough he'd learnt he usually didn't like what followed.
"After what?"
"After we... had the best time ever?" Tony gave him a look and Peter wilted. "It's nothing, honest, they're just over-protective -"
"Pro tip: saying it's nothing only makes someone more curious," he leant his hip against the nearby table, mind already doing the math and coming to an unsettling conclusion. "K
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Social Media
hero - Freeform
Injury
Fluff
Humor
Fluff and Humor
Light Angst
Bonding
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has Issues
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
Infinity War has no place here
Self-Esteem Issues
Heart-to-Heart
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Awesome Pepper Potts
Honesty
Tony is a hero to all nerds
Banter
Protective Tony Stark
Iron-Dad
Spidey-Son
Father-Son Relationship

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

