Chapter 1: Introduction and Proceedings
    




Chapter Text
Odin wanted Midgard. He wanted the land  terribly so. Odin wanted the unclaimed territory of Midgard enough to  almost  agree to the outrageous proposition made to him by the leader of Vanaheim; Njörd. It was a ridiculous proposal, to sully his purebred line, and curse his descendants with what he believed would be unsavory genetics, but… breeding with Jötunheim… and allowing one of his sons and some of his alphas to mate with their wolves… it was definitely risky. “I can’t think of an easier way for Midgard to fall into your hands, Odin.  Think  about it. A line of your descendants will be directly connected to those of Jötunheim, and will inherit their fearsome intellect, immense height, and strength, and ice cold hearts. Coupled with the brute strength and conquering nature of Asgardians… these descendants would be unstoppable. In theory, they could even become supreme wolves, a perfect blend of the premier traits from both cultures.” “...Hm.” Odin closed his eye and exhaled slowly, considering what his close friend and ally suggested. The more he thought about it, the more and more the idea grew on him. Suggesting that Odin marry one of his sons and a few of his alphas to those of Jötunheim, all so that the unclaimed land of Midgard could fall into his hands… it was a gamble. A gamble that he was willing to take. Out of all the Nine Realms, Midgard was the only land that remained free of a pack or a leader. Once populated by humans, Midgard’s inhabitants had been exterminated when they began to abuse certain technological advancements, and made an attempt to eradicate the werewolves. The land had been clear of humans for a little over a century, and was now the place where any and all meetings between the realms were held. It was an absolute zero tolerance, demilitarized, no war zone. In fact, the land of Midgard was so peaceful, it had been developed into the land where many young wolves received their degrees, and learned how to interact with each other, and accept cultures that differed from their own. It was full of young adults, and was beginning to become the perfect example of what true peace and integration between the realms and all of their packs could be. Some wolves -who married outside their realm packs- even lived here with their families; of course, only after receiving permission from their pack leader. The one,  singular  thing that bothered every ruling wolf from every realm about Midgard though was that Midgard had no leader. And like Odin, every wolf leader wanted the land of Midgard for themselves. All four of Odin’s sons were currently being educated at one of the top universities in Midgard, and it was to his understanding that every leader of every realm had their children attending one of the numerous universities scattered throughout the realm as well. Odin narrowed his eyes at Njörd then. “Why tell me of this plan? What stops you from carrying out this plan yourself?” Njörd chuckled softly, his ming colored eyes gazing at the Asgardian leader softly. “Because you ruling Midgard will be enough for me. You know that you have my allegiance, Odin. Vanaheim has, and always will, support what Asgard plans to do.” Odin studied his close friend for a few seconds before relaxing. He knew the wolf told no lies. Taking in a deep breath, Odin exhaled again, nodding his head. “I will speak to my pack, and determine who is to follow my son Hermod to this land of frost, and mate.” Njörd nodded, standing up as well. Odin ruling Midgard would only benefit him. And as long as he remained as Odin’s close friend, ally, and confidant, his people would be safe and free to continue doing as they pleased.   Speaking to his pack didn’t change Odin’s mind. After explaining to them how this would be beneficial to everyone, the pack leaders of Asgard finally came to an agreement. It had taken a few weeks for every  single  pack leader in Asgard to come to the central pack compound, and it had taken even  longer  to persuade them that ruling Midgard was something they could do. It took double this time to determine who would be sent over to bond with the Jötnar, and return home with their new mates. After deliberating about it for a few months, it was decided that each pack family in Asgard would offer up a single alpha, and send them to Jötunheim with Odin’s son Hermod to mate with the frostwolves, thus sealing their alliance with them. Odin knew that if he proposed this to Jötunheim, the realms allied with Jotunheim would now be allied with  him . All so that he could eventually rule over the land of Midgard, and gain control of all the realms. After everything had been decided, Odin wrote a formal letter to the rulers of Jötunheim, Laufey and Farbauti. Of course, in the age of technology, a simple video call would do, but… Odin wanted to stress the importance of this idea. He wanted everything to go according to plan, and made his offerings t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor
Frigg | Frigga/Óðinn | Odin (Norse Religion & Lore)
Fárbauti/Laufey (Norse Religion & Lore)
Freyr | Frey/Gerðr | Gerd (Norse Religion & Lore)

freeform: 
Mpreg
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Alternate Universe - Werewolf
Pack Dynamics
Alpha! Thor
Omega! Loki
Arranged Marriage
Bonding
Alpha/Omega
Graphic Birth Scenes
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Smut
Angst
Explicit Language
Pregnancy
Marriage of Convenience
Moderate Violence
War
Alternate Universe - Norse Religion & Lore
Werewolves
BDSM
Aftercare
Consensual Kink
Consensual Rough Sex
Aftercare Is a Huge Part of Their Relationship
Thor Loves Loki and Would Never Truly Hurt Him
talks of suicide
Suicide Attempt
Miscarriage In Later Chapters
this story will end happy
I promise
Expect More Fluff in Later Chapters
My Writing Style Has Evolved Over The Year

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)
Loki & Thor
Frigg | Frigga/Óðinn | Odin (Norse Religion & Lore)
Fárbauti/Laufey (Norse Religion & Lore)
Freyr | Frey/Gerðr | Gerd (Norse Religion & Lore)

