Chapter 1: Why Don't We Move This to the Bedroom?
    


Summary:

1940s Bucky saves you from your best friend’s drunk brother. You patch up his wounds and one thing leads to another.





Chapter Text
Your first memory was of your mother telling you that one day you were going to meet the man of your dreams and have dinner on the table every night for him and your kids. She had been relaying the same message her mother had told her. Ever since then you’ve been rebelling against her; refusing to allow yourself to be in any relationship that wasn’t platonic.
You constantly found yourself having to avoid bars on the weekends. As much as you enjoyed going out and relaxing with your friends, you weren’t a fan of drunkards groping you. Your friends understood but always pushed you to go out with them, especially if it was for a special occasion.
You had no choice when your best friend, Sophia, invited you out for her birthday party. She had the whole evening planned- dinner at her favorite restaurant, drinks at your cousin’s bar, and then hook up with whatever man she could sink her claws into. Sophia was, uh, quite a character.
You slipped your feet into your “new,” black heels. You couldn’t afford anything topnotch; you bought all your clothes at secondhand stores. You had gone out looking for a new pair of stockings, but instead, you found a new dress and matching heels.
It was a raven-colored halter dress that draped over your body perfectly. It hugged your curves in all the right places. You worried that you’d upstage Sophia, but she was always pushing you to wear tighter, sexier, articles of clothing. You were taking her advice.
You gave yourself a once-over in the mirror before heading out the door. You had to be at the restaurant in twenty minutes. Without money to pay for a cab or to afford a car, you had to walk the fifteen blocks. Fifteen blocks in heels you’d never worn before. Oh, how excited you were. Just so excited.
“Come on, (Y/N)! Can’t you see the way he’s looking at you! He’s undressing you with his eyes!” Sophia pushed a shot towards you, and you sighed.
“I know, I know. That doesn’t mean I want anything to do with him! He can undress me with his eyes all he wants but it ain’t going to happy for real.” You ignored the shot and took a sip of your water.
“Yeah, you’re saving yourself for me, right (Y/N)?” Robert, Sophia’s brother, winked at you.
“Mmmhmm, you got me, Rob. Saving myself for you.” You rolled your eyes and smiled.
“Can I get you guys anything else? Dessert?” The waiter stood with his notepad ready.
“No, thank you! Our dessert will be drinking at Lou’s bar! Let’s go, (Y/N)!” Sophia threw her arms up and pointed towards the door.
You paid for your meal. You had split one with Sophia’s co-worker, Sally. You were both broke and couldn’t afford to pay for your own meals. Sophia worked at the hospital with Sally; nurses in training. They were paid next to nothing. Robert was paying for Sophia and the drinks at the bar.
As you walked down the street together, you watched as Sophia twirled and laughed. How she winked at all the men, she passed, hoping to pull them into her trap. Sophia had just gotten out of a relationship and needed to get laid. You didn’t understand why you’d only been with a man once in your life and it wasn’t that pleasurable.
You had hooked up with an old friend of yours before they moved down to North Carolina. You were both tipsy and needed some release. Kissing turned into foreplay and foreplay turned into you two fucking in the back of his car. Such a romantic way to lose your virginity; you didn’t spend the next two weeks after trying to forget about it. Nope, you loved thinking back to that.
“WOOHOO HEY LOU! IT’S MY BIRTHDAY!” Sophia threw herself through the front door of the bar.
“I heard, happy birthday.” Lou shot her a soft smile.
“LET’S GET THIS PARTY STARTED! POUR US SOME MOTHERFUCKING SHOTS! WOOHOO!” Sophia started dancing and singing along to the music playing.
“Hey, Lou, thanks for letting us come here.” You smiled at your cousin.
“As a way to repay me, can you tend bar for like, five minutes? I have to run upstairs real quick.” Lou gestured to a door located behind the bar with his thumb.
“Yeah, I don’t know how many men will take kindly to a woman serving them, but it’s the least I can do for allowing Sophia in here after she broke your window last time.” You rubbed the back of your neck, embarrassed with yourself.
Lou laughed and said it was his pleasure. He opened the bar door and let you in. You told him to go upstairs; you knew how to make drinks. You stared up at your friends. They hadn’t even noticed that you were behind the bar. They were too busy exclaiming over something in the other room. You called Sophia over.
“What’re you doing behind the bar?!”
“What’re you gawking at in the other room?” You cocked an eyebrow.
“Captain America is over there! He’s sitting at a table with a bunch of guys and drinking! I’m thinking of going over and introdu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
bucky x reader - Relationship

freeform: 
Marvel - Freeform
Smut
bucky x reader smut
bucky barnes x reader smut
Bucky Barnes NSFW
Bucky Barnes x Reader NSFW
Getting your back absolutely destroyed by Bucky Barnes

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
bucky x reader - Relationship

