Work Text:
“I think you need to work on your aim, dude!”OK, it wasn’t Spider-Man’s best quip, but he deserved a participation point for mocking the people trying to kill him… right?He swung to the left as another electricity-infused orb flew past him.  “Ha!”  Spider-Man swung to the next building, getting closer and closer to the masked gunmen’s car.Another orb sailed his way, and Peter swung out of the way.  The orb crashed through a window, and someone inside began cursing about Spider-Man.Couldn’t win ‘em all.“How about we stop the car and just talk about this?” Spider-Man called out, still swinging in pursuit of the speeding vehicle.  “Just a quick chat on why stealing money is bad?”In response, another electric orb came hurtling his way.  He dove out of the way, landing on the side of a building.  As the orb tumbled to the concrete below, Peter looked up to continue the chase—but the car was gone.“Shit,” Peter muttered, swinging in the direction he thought it’d gone. No speeding car.Spotting a skyscraper, Spider-Man swung over and landed on the windows.  Quickly, he climbed up the side, eyes scanning the roads as he moved.  No car…  No car…Bingo.  Heading to 6th and 81st—right in his direction.He timed it in his head.  If he swung down in five seconds, he could be right on the path of the car.  He could throw out a web to take his trajectory up and into the car’s back window.Five.Assuming, of course, that the car didn’t make a turn before reaching his street.Four.Or, you know, him missing the car entirely.Three.Or missing the building.Two.Or somehow finding another way to screw this up.One.Screw it; Peter dropped from the building.  He flew through the air, gaining speed as he fell.  His eyes were right on the car.  A little closer, and he’d throw out a web to his right, swing up, soar through the window.Flying quickly now, Peter took his eyes off the car for a moment to shoot out his arm, ready to fire the web.  He didn’t see the electric orb shoot out of the car—and straight into his abdomen.  Every single one of Peter’s muscles burned and seized.  He couldn’t move his rigid hand to fire the web; he couldn’t move his locked arms to cling to the wall.  He was falling like a flash-frozen brick.  He focused on his wrist, trying, trying, trying to deploy a web.  His wrist moved.And then he was crashing into a rooftop.  His back skidded across the concrete, a loud, sickening crunch filling his ears.  Peter was rolling, tumbling across the rooftop, each twist digging knives deeper into his back.  He didn’t even realize he was screaming until his body limply rolled to an excruciating halt.Peter whimpered through ragged breaths, the cool pavement digging into the agony of his back.  The night sky filled his vision as he tried to take stock, tried to reorient himself.  He just needed to catch his breath and then, and then he could make the move to stand up.The thought of those thieves driving away drove Spider-Man to take a deep breath and reach to sit up.No.  Peter hissed and tears sprung to his eyes at the slight movement.  He let his head smack back against the cement, his brain frantically trying to form a new plan.New plan, new plan, new plan…  Peter blew a long breath out of his mouth, trying to calm himself back down.  He could do this.  He’d tweaked his back, but he could… he could move.  If he tried.On the count of three.One.  He took a deep breath in.Two.  He let the breath back out.Three—Peter threw himself to his feet in one motion, and a scream bolted from his lips.  Knifing pain radiated from the small of his back, flooding all of his senses with a white heat.  He stumbled, nearly overwhelmed by the pain, the pain hitting his back and his brain, making his legs tingle in a way they definitely shouldn’t be.After a rigid moment, Peter felt the blinding pain recede enough to let coherency slip through.  He had to give up on the alien tech criminals.  There was no way…  Peter just had to make it home.  Make it home, sleep this off, catch the criminals tomorrow.Peter forced his right foot out and stepped onto it.  He groaned out a cry, but he managed to put the weight on it.  Next came the left.  Peter managed with a quieter cry.  Then the right.  Then the left.  Then the right, all the way down the stairs of the building, across the street, down the block, the next, the next…Peter was barely coherent by the time he was forcing his legs to climb the stairs of his fire escape.  With the energy he had left, he shoved his window open, threw his leg through the opening, screamed as he pulled his body through, and stumbled into his room with tears covering his cheeks.He thought he’d managed to shut his window; he thought he’d taken off his mask.  But everything was too blurred with pain to know for sure.  He collapsed back onto his bed, crying out as his back exuded a stiff agony at the change.Eventually, the pain drew back its covers far enough to let Peter tumble into unconsciousness.    Peter didn’t kno
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Irondad
spiderson
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Hurt/Comfort
Fluff
Precious Peter Parker
drugged up peter
pained up peter
Tony Stark Feels
Tony just wants to be a dad
why do we rely on bruce banner always
Embarrassed Peter Parker
Bruce Banner Is a Good Bro
Iron Man ambulance

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

