Work Text:
The acrid fluid spilled between them, coating both of their shirts and spilling to their pants. Fuck, they should be wearing actual coats. God, Tony would never hear the end of this.He bounced into action as quickly as possible. “Get your clothes off, quick!” He shouted as he flung off his googles and ran toward the safety shower, flicking it on. Peter hesitated, his face dark pink as he held the shirt away from his torso. “Peter! Unless you want to literally cook your skin off, I suggest you hop in the shower!”Toy ripped his own shirt off as quickly as possible, unbuttoning his pants and ignoring the teen in front of him. They couldn’t afford to be modest right now, not when working with such hazardous materials. And Jesus fucking Christ, he should have known better. He was the elder in this situation, they shouldn’t have even been messing with the stuff and they should have worn coats and not just goggles but at least they had gloves, which he stripped off carefully.He took the last step out of his boxers and stepped into the shower, wincing as the top cold water splash over his skin. He clenched his eyes shut as he registered the vague burn of the chemicals on his arms and didn’t open them until he felt another presence step in front of him.Peters brown eyes were big, like saucers set into his face and full of fear. The water encapsulated them both, drenching the boys hair onto his scalp and making him look even more innocent.  This was not the awkward situation he wanted to be part of today. The poor kid looked stunned but kept his eyes studiously on Tony’s own.Tony reached behind him and grabbed the strong smelling heavy antiseptic soap that they left in here, pumping some into his hand.He handed the bottle to Peter as he stunned at his own forearms.“T-thanks.” Peter said, shivering lightly and squirting the soap into his hand before leaning forward and placing it back of the shelf. The movement brought them chest to chest but Peter studiously kept their lower halves apart.It was then that Tony’s eyes began to wander, as Peter started to scrub his chest with the soap, suds appearing and disappearing on his pale frame. The boys eyes were clenched shut and suddenly Tony couldn’t stop himself.Tony’s eyes darted downward, to the path of his bellybutton, down the unmarked skin beneath..Huh.Tony was....he was confused, actually. Very confused.Where Peter should have had a penis, was....well, it looked like a penis. It was very small and....there were no testicles and the skin was free of hair. The path behind his penis was....Tony could see the small folds of a labia, hidden between the boys legs and.....Tony wasn’t an idiot, he could connect the dots. Peter was intersex.Tony heard a sharp gasp and his eyes darted up to see Peter gaping at him, face flushed bright red.“Don’t look at it!” He said hoarsely, his brown eyes suddenly gleaming as his hand darted down to cover himself.Tony’s eyebrows furrowed as he stared at boy. The fear in his eyes was unprecedented and it made Tony feel weirdly protective, like he could somehow tell that this wasn’t a secret Peter liked to give out. He was terrified.Tony gripped his forearms softly, grounding the boys shaking frame.“Peter, you’re fine.” He said in his best impression of a responsible adult. He was having an incredibly Ah....hard time not thinking about what he had just been witness to.
“You’re alright, I promise.”He reached to his side and the water off before he did decided to do anything stupid. Peter took a shaky breath and nodded his head.“Come on, lets get you dry.” He said and instant regretted the way his voice came out gravelly. Think pure thoughts, Tony. Think about literally anything else. He grabbed two towels to the side of the shower, handing one off to Peter who still looked as if he might cry.They scrubbed at their hair and bodies in silence as Tony contemplated his next moves. Friday had already carefully moved their soiled clothing to a safe deposit area, he could see. So he asked the bot to send them more clothing down to the workshop, intent on getting Peter fully clothed as soon as possible.The silence was awkward as they pulled on mismatched clothing. Peter’s frame still shook, from nerves of from the cold, Tony wasn’t sure.“It’s, you know...this is fine, Peter.” He whispered as he buckled his jeans. Peter made an agonized noise, refusing to meet his eye. “Really, it is.”The boy looked at him with bright eyes, tears ready to shed any second. Tony couldn’t bear it so he stepped forward and brushed a thumb over his cheek, swiping away the tear that rolled down.“Hey, kid.” He whispered, the air suddenly thick with tension. He stared at the way his brown hair curled, wet and dripping down his neck and onto the white shirt he wore. It was big on his shoulders, longer on his smaller body and Tony felt heat flare in him as he took in the boy wearing his clothing.He let out a sigh and pushed the curls back from his forehead. Peter’s eyes f
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Smut
PWP
boy pussy
Peter is 18
Oral Sex
Cunnilingus
Fingering
Rough Sex
Dirty Talk
Squirting

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

