Work Text:

Peter was wrapped in a blanket, late at night. Technically he was supposed to go to bed after patrol, but Peter was wide awake for some reason, and he was spending his extra time browsing YouTube.

Somehow, a conspiracy video about Spider-Man was in his recommended feed, and that sent Peter down a spiral that brought him into the early hours of the morning. Most of the videos were hilariously wrong. Some said Spider-Man was a robot built by Tony Stark to have the Avengers look like they had extra members. Another said that Spider-Man was really evil and trying to turn the general public against the police. 

They were all hilariously incorrect, but they were still interesting to watch either way. It was cool to see what the world thought of his secret identity, and it was good to know it was still safe. 

After a few hours of watching videos, one caught Peter’s eyes that literally made him drop his laptop. It was a BuzzFeed Unsolved video, one of the most popular True Crime and Supernatural mystery shows. They had done a special just a day ago, and it was on Spider-Man. 

Peter had never clicked on a video so fast. To have a special dedicated to his own persona? It was a dream. Peter knew that they would be hilariously off, but he didn’t care either way. He just wanted to watch it. 

Peter watched Ryan Bergara’s typical intro with excitement coursing through him. He wished he could pop some popcorn without waking May up, but he knew he would be in trouble for being up so late. So he stayed in his bed, watching the video. 

Ryan first went through all of the background of Spider-man. He spoke of how Spider-man at first was in a home-made suit, and he was given an upgrade by Tony Stark, though that had never been confirmed. Ryan talked of how Spider-Man had been in Washington D.C. and was in space when Thanos came. Shane piped in every now and then for commentary, and Peter was surprised at how thoroughly everything was researched. This was definitely the best video he had seen so far. 

“So now that we know the background of Spider-man,” Ryan said, “Let’s get into the theories on who his secret identity is.” 

“Oh, exposing a hero?” Shane said, “That’s a first on this show.” 

“Well, of course it’s all going to be speculation, because there’s no way to tell for sure who this guy is, but we can probably narrow it down to one of these people.” 

“Hit me, Ryan.” Shane said. 

“Okay, so theory number one, Spider-man is really Tony Stark’s son.” Ryan said. 

“Wait, wait, wait. Since when does Tony Stark have a kid?” Shane said, his voice disbelieving. Peter had admit, that theory was new. 

“Well, it’s never been announced that Tony Stark has a kid.” Ryan said. “But then again, why would he announce it? It’s no secret he’s got a lot of enemies, so he could have kept his son a secret from the world to … protect him, you know?” 

“Seems a little far fetched, but then again, I wouldn’t put it past him.” 

“So, basically, the theory is that Tony’s son would obviously be as smart as his father, so he would want to moonlight as a superhero, but not be so close to home that his dad would figure it out, which would be why he would be in Queens. And that would also explain the change in costume, because inevitably, Tony would find out and want to protect his kid.” 

“But why would he stay in Queens?” 

Ryan shrugged. “No idea. The theory isn’t perfect. If his kid was just as smart as Tony, he may have made his new suit himself, but if that’s the case, Tony still wouldn’t know, which … let’s be real, Tony Stark has to have eyes 

everywhere.” 


“Yeah, this one seems unlikely… But If it is true, then, uh, sorry to Tony Stark for revealing your kid’s secret identity.” 

Ryan wheezed. “Yeah, we may have just grounded that kid for life.” 

“So, what else you got, Ryan?” Shane said. 

“Okay, theory number two, and you’re really going to like this one, Shane.” Ryan said, a smile on his face. 

“Please don’t tell me aliens.” 

“Aliens.” Ryan said, laughing. 

“God, Ryan! I knew you were going to go there. I know the attack on New York validated aliens for you and everything, but not every single mystery these days can be aliens.” 

“Hey, aliens are a real thing and we all know it!” 

“That doesn’t mean Spider-man is one!” 

“But, hear me out. We know most of the identities of all of the Avengers, even down to their middle names. Spider-man is one of the only people we don’t know the identity of. Why? Because he’s an alien.” 

“You’re clinging onto threads, Ryan.” 

“Maybe I am, but you have to admit, people would be a little hesitant if the Avengers had an alien.” 

“Isn’t Thor an alien?” 

“But Thor’s good looking! And as sad as it is, people trust him because of that. What if Spider-Man looks like an eel or something? People aren’t going to trust him in the same way.” 

Shane still didn’t look like he believed it, but he said, “Society 

is

 disgusting.” 

“And piggy-backing off of that, Spider-man could be Loki hi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

freeform: 
dad tony stark
Robbery
By a dumbass
Iron Man - Freeform
Peter Parker is terrible at keeping his identity a secret
BuzzFeed Figures it out
Tony is a good dad
May is a good aunt
Tony and Peter get yelled at by Pepper
Buzzfeed Unsolved References
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Post Infinity War
Where everyone survived
and everything is okay

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker

