Work Text:
Clint opened his mouth to speak, his index finger held out in front of him. 
His jaw hung open in anticipation of the words that wouldn’t seem to come for about 10 seconds before he closed it, exasperated, and let his hand flop down. “God’s sake.” 
Tony and the Spider-Kid had turned to stare at him - Peter’s expression a softer, more confused one, Tony’s of frowning suspicion - before shrugging at one another and returning to their food. 
Nat kicked him under the table. “What?” He mouthed belligerently. She shook her head slowly. 
He rolled his eyes at her and leant back over his plate. 
“Whatever.” He muttered.
It was just as he was tilting his head back - mouth agape, pizza slice held aloft above it - that Tony tinged his cutlery against Peter’s full glass of Coke.
“Drink it, Peter, it’s not a modern art installation. You know you get dehydrated after being in the suit, c’mon.”
Clint froze. His eyes darted to the pair.  
Peter was chuckling into his pint glass as Tony teased him, pushing the bottom of it higher into the air and sing-songing, “Ooooh no, oooh no it’s gonna go! It’s gonna go!” till some of the Coke spilt over the edge and Peter sputtered. 
Clint squinted. 

Alright then.

“Peter, status.”
He spied Tony flying up and out of the fray so far that he went above Clint’s rooftop lookout point. 
He afforded the man a glance, but, knowing better than to get distracted, he refocused on the battle below him.
He became vaguely aware of the Iron Man suit circling the huge city area in his peripheries after a couple minutes. “Peter, report.”
Nothing but battle buzz played into Clint’s hearing aid comm. He shot a deft arrow into the final alien’s brain, then rose to his full height (and no, his knees definitely did not just click) and pressed a couple fingers to his earpiece. “Can you see him, Tony?”
“No, otherwise I wouldn’t be calling him, Clint.” The duh would have been almost audible if it weren’t for the laid-thick concern in Tony’s voice. “Spider-Man. Report.”
“Maybe he can’t hear you?” Steve suggested.
“He’s enhanced, Cap, he hears everything.” Tony retorted. “Peter! FRIDAY, get me Karen.”
“Who the hell is Karen?” Clint scrunched up his face.
“His AI, are we done with the questions now?” 
“We’re almost done here, Tony, then we can help find him. I’m sure his comms are just fried or something.” Steve placated calmly.
“He’ll be fine.” Natasha tacked on.
“No need. I’ve got his location.“ Urgency colouring his tone, Tony swept down past the skyline towards Clint’s building at high speed, flying overhead and suddenly dipping into the street below like an airshow jet.
Clint threw Cap a thumbs up to confirm a mission well-done, then jogged down the fire escape steps in search of Tony.
Although they had spats sometimes, and yeah - maybe he took the piss out of the guy a little - Clint couldn’t deny that Tony Stark wasn’t a caring and compassionate man. He was hyper-aware of his teammates, forever making improvements to their armour and weapons and housing them all for free. 
In battle, too, Tony was always taking recon on his teammates health, was the first to get to you and get you patched up - and, hey, they all cared about one another a whole bunch – 
but come on.
There’s looking out for a team member, a quick; “Nat, you good?”, having each other’s backs in a fight, throwing an arm round your shoulders to help you Walk It Off.
Then there’s the alien (ha ha, alien) quality to Tony’s voice when he’s talking to Peter.
If Clint wasn’t entirely mistaken (and he rarely was), he could have sworn it was… parental? Dear God.
His hypothesis was confirmed to him as he reached the ground, letting the heavy fire door swing shut behind him. The bang made Peter, who was sitting on the ground of the alley and pushed up against a wall, flinch.
Tony hissed in sympathy and shot Clint a quick glare.
Clint cringed. He took a hesitant step towards them. 
Tony was out of the suit. It hovered to Clint’s right, a soft beeping that he could only imagine was Peter’s heartbeat playing into Tony’s comms. The man was crouched in front of Peter, who was giving him a brave smile.
Tony’s hands were on one each of Peter’s drawn-up knees, a thumb rubbing absently over the right kneecap. 
He murmured something to the kid that Clint couldn’t hear without his proper hearing aids, and Peter breathed into a pained smile, already almost-shut eyes falling closed. His head fell back onto the red brick behind him. 
The moment his eyes were shut, Tony’s expression fell headfirst into bleeding concern. His eyelids flickered up and down the kid and he swallowed hard. Clint couldn’t help but let the worry wash over him too. The fact that the kid looked very much like a cornered and frightened animal, small and shivering a little bit, made him want to give him a hug. 
He thought of Cooper and Lila and Nath as Tony swept the Spider-Man ask off the ground and placed a gentle hand on Peter’s cheek, saying something to him slowly. His mouth was 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Father-Son Relationship
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Sensory Overload
Hurt/Comfort
soft dad tony stark tbh
observant clint can see right through tony's BULLSHIT
Team as Family
Deaf Clint Barton

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

