Work Text:
Steve comes to him that night, knocking on Tony’s door the same way he did the first time he saw his daughter. Unassuming, docile.  “Are you sure about this?” he asks, so quietly it’s almost inaudible.“It’s hurting.”“It always hurt.”A wilting bond constantly at the back of your mind, not quite dead but not really alive either—a wound that doesn’t bleed but never heals, like having a shard of glass constantly lodged in the skin between your ribs. You can’t pull it out.It’s been hard to breathe for ten years.“Her.”That changes things. Because she didn’t choose this and doesn’t deserve it. They’re fathers, and they’ve let their kid reek of hurt and loss her whole life. It’s not right.“We don’t have to get back together… like that—”“No, I know—”“We just need to nurture the bond and—”“I know that. I know that.”Tony doesn’t need to poke the bond to know that Steve feels awkward. He looks so nervous, sort of jittery. Almost as if he’s trying to make himself look smaller, which is counterintuitive at best for an Alpha.They sit on the couch.“So… how do we—”“Just reach for it, Steve.”Steve closes his eyes and Tony feels him in his mind a moment later. He closes his eyes too.Steve’s presence isn’t foreign. It feels like an old friend coming back from a long trip, and you think, I almost forgot what you look like, and the way your voice sounds. They pass reassurance and affection to each other. It’s familiar. Good. Easy, even.Until it’s not.Tony feels it first, he thinks. A trembling, like an earthquake of the mind. Something snaps, something rips apart into Tony, into Steve—he doesn’t know where he finishes and where Steve starts anymore. It’s all fragments.Something rends every thought Tony has ever had, every thought Steve has ever had.Tony tries to open his eyes, run away from it, but he can’t; his eyes are sewn shut. He’s forced to witness it all, to feel it through until the end.It splits Tony’s mind in two—Steve’s guilt.It splits Steve’s mind in two—Tony’s betrayed trust.Ten years’ worth of it.The pain is unbearable. Worse than having a piece of metal shoved into your chest; worse than the serum changing you from the inside out.Tony is himself and Steve all at once; he knows that Steve is himself and Tony all at once too.He can’t. He can’t.He feels Steve reach for him in his mind and he responds, desperate for something to hold onto.It’s a whirlwind. They’re undone by it, piece by piece, until there’s only a darkness they can sink into together, and it seems welcoming and inviting—anything to stop feeling like this, to stop feeling heartbroken and guilty all at once, to make Steve stop feeling like that too.The sensation isn’t utterly novel. Tony’s always felt bad about himself, but it was something private, that he kept for himself. He never shared it with anyone, always shielded that part of his mind even from Steve when they first created the bond. But now it’s all exposed, all out in the open—there are all his mistakes, there, lined up in an orderly fashion so they can be examined and scrutinized; he can gauge how much they weigh on his heart, how much they’ve hurt Steve and Sarah. He never thought that calculating an exact quantity could disrupt him so intimately.  On the other side of the bond—but it’s not really a side anymore, it’s all so confusing—there are Steve’s thoughts, mirroring Tony’s in many aspects, but without making an exact copy. Steve is more forgiving of himself, of his own reasons. He’s made some sort of peace with having been forced into an awful situation all those years ago, with having kept a secret out of fear, and he doesn’t hate himself for it, not anymore, at least, but the regret still burns deep into every recess of his mind.  Then, like a wave that crashes against the rocks, it loses its momentum and quiets down.Steve’s guilt and Tony’s grief mix together at the center of the bond. They transform into something else. The one soothes the other and vice versa; each of them acting as the cure for the other.For a minute—but it could be an hour, a day, a year—the most baseline elements of their biology are amplified by the social stereotypes ingrained in them. Steve’s guilt slides away to reveal bitterness, because he could never get his Omega to forgive him, could never get him back, and what kind of Alpha can’t discipline his Omega into submission? Tony’s betrayed trust becomes doubt; it becomes shame and self-loathing at having rejected his Alpha for so long, because what kind of Omega doesn’t want to please their Alpha?They get it under control, in the end. Smooth over the mess of confusing and contradicting emotions, everything they’ve been feeling in the last decade, even what’s most embarrassing and unlike them. Their love for their daughter shines at the end of the tunnel—a constant, a guiding light, the only thing that never stops making sense.They reach some form of equilibrium.Tony searches Steve’s body next to him on the couch. He folds to the side, against Ste
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Omega Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Depression
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
Subdrop
omega drop
Mental Health Issues
Rut Sex
Mating Cycles/In Heat
Anal Sex
Blow Jobs
Rimming
Anal Fingering
Wall Sex
Rough Sex
Crying During Sex
Somnophilia
Objectification
Bad Sex
Humiliation
Body Image
Fuck Or Die
(technically) - Freeform
Face-Fucking
Empathic Bond
Mating Bond
Pregnancy Kink
Come Inflation
Mpreg
Unhealthy Relationships
Manipulation
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Getting Back Together
Post-Break Up
Angst
Happy Ending
Parenthood
parenting issues
Kidfic
Guilt
Healing

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

