Work Text:
Tony would absolutely never tire of having Peter bent over his lap, his perfect ass up in the air, face down and his cute, little cock grinding against his thigh. The way Peter submitted to Tony was almost beautiful, and in the few weeks they’ve been playing this little game it had only gotten better. Peter was still a shaking, whimpering mess most of the time, just how Tony liked him, but he was quickly catching on to exactly what Tony wanted from him, letting Tony bend him until he was so close to breaking. Always so eager to please. It was adorable.Currently he had three slick fingers in Peter’s ass, twisting them around and opening him up, purposefully avoiding the kid’s prostate, much to his dismay. The quiet whines were muffled by Peter’s own hand, his face flushed bright red as he tried to push his hips back against the fingers, but Tony had his free arm wrapped around Peter’s waist and kept him firmly in place.“Stop squirming, doll, I’m almost done,” Tony said, finally nudging against Peter’s prostate just once, only to watch him go completely rigid, a loud moan on the tip of his tongue. It was intoxicating to see Peter like that, such a sweet little thing for Tony to play with, he really couldn’t have gotten luckier.“Sir, i-it’s almo-ah!” Another press in just the right direction and Tony knew that Peter was close to cumming all over his thigh. “C-class starts soon,” Peter whispered, squirming slightly in an attempt to grind against Tony’s thigh, desperate to get off.“Better hurry up then.” Tony removed his fingers from Peter’s ass, ignoring the desperate whimper, and reached into the bag that was positioned next to him. From the bag he grabbed a buttplug, small enough to not be too painful, but large enough to constantly tease against Peter’s prostate. He slicked the toy up with lube and dragged the tip of it over Peter’s hole.Peter tensed up again, he knew this game, they’d played it before, but every other time it had been when Tony’s class was his last class of the day, this time he knew that Peter had one more class after that.“Which class is your last today?” He asked, slowly pushing the plug into Peter’s wet heat. It went in without too much of an issue after Peter had already taken three fingers with ease and before he knew it it was in completely, Peter’s rim tightening around the base.“H-history, sir.” Peter was panting softly, eyes closed and hair all messy, he looked absolutely gorgeous.“You have history from Rogers, don’t you?”“Yes, sir.” Oh, he couldn’t have planned it more perfectly himself. He knew how Steve looked at Peter, could see the conflicted emotions in his eyes and it was just far too tempting to toy with him a little, to see how far he could push.“Come see me after that, I’ll take this-” He nudged against the plug, pushing it right against his sweet spot. “-out for you, and maybe if you’re good you’ll get a reward.” Peter was forced to bite back another loud moan, hips jerking slightly. Tony just smacked his ass and told him to get dressed again.“Class starts in less than 5 minutes, so I suggest you hurry.” 
 10 minutes after the class started Peter already knew he wasn’t going to remember a single thing of what Mr. Stark was saying, the plug inside of him filling him up so good, pressing against all the wrong, or right, places, and every time he shifted it only got worse.He was still hard in his pants, doubted that would go away at all, and Ned was shooting him concerned looks. Peter had to brush it off, he couldn’t just tell his best friends that he had a buttplug in his ass that his  teacher  put there, he didn’t think that’d go over well.It got unbearable 5 minutes later, when he saw Mr. Stark casually slip his hand into his pocket and time seemed to move in slow motion. He knew what that motion meant and it meant nothing good for him. He barely had half a second to panic about it before the plug started vibrating intensely and Peter couldn’t hold back a high pitched whimper, his dick leaking precum in his underwear. He managed to sort of disguise it as a cough, his face heating up with embarrassment as he tried to ignore the strange looks he got.It was too much, the sensation was overwhelming and he had no way to let it out, all he could do was sit there and  take it and that really shouldn’t have made him even more aroused. He was certain there were some wires crossed in his brain.He tried to shift, move to a position that was less intense, but it only made it worse, his hands shaking too much to continue taking notes.“Mr. S-stark?” Peter asked, raising his hand “I don’t f-feel so good, can I please go to the bathroom?” Mr. Stark just looked at him, one eyebrow raised and his hand still in his pocket. Clearly asking for a bit of relief was the wrong thing to do, because the vibrations became even more intense and Peter let out a pained noise.“You’ll have to wait until after class, Peter, this is important information and I wouldn’t want you to get behind.” 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Student/Teacher
Butt Plugs
Rimming
Hand Jobs
Barebacking
Anal Sex
Mild Humiliation
Dom/sub
Power Imbalance
Under-negotiated Kink

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers
Peter Parker/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

