Chapter 1: Nothing
    


Summary:

"Bring me your love, tonightLost at seaMy heartbeat is growing weakHoping you'd hear my pleaAnd come save my lifeAs the storm grew fierceAn angel was certainly nearI knew there was nothing to fear."~As Much As I Ever Could-City and Colour Russian is all Google!This is gonna be a long fic with a slow build!Constantly revising!



Notes:
Re-edited 3/26/2019 Thanks for stopping by!




Chapter Text
 
The Avengers headquarters was huge; it was five buildings in total and was nestled comfortably in two hundred acres of deep woods. Bucky Barnes had only been officially living and a member of the Avengers for six months and he was still learning the layout. It was a semi-difficult transition, but after being on Wakanda for over a year he had desensitized enough for him to integrate back into normal life. Or well as normal as a super soldier can get. He still got lost when he was trying to find new places or when he was trying to find Steve who was currently hiding from him.

Saying Steve was overprotective would be a gross under exaggeration. He hovered constantly, always doing everything for Bucky... Even when Bucky didn't need him too, but Bucky never stopped him,  if it made Steve feel better than why stop him? The only time Bucky got frustrated at his best friend was when he tried to keep him from missions. Steve had all good intentions. Hydra was growing once more and Bucky wanted to help. No, Bucky wanted revenge, he wanted to destroy Hydra and Bucky wanted them to know it was him who did it. Steve, of course, didn't want Bucky on any mission having to do with Hydra, afraid to expose him to his past trauma. The first time any of the other Avengers had seen Bucky be anything other than kind to his best friend was when they go into an all-out war over the topic. Bucky had dragged his therapist from a meeting and had him tell everyone in the conference room that Bucky was cleared for all Hydra related duty. This silenced Steve for a few days straight, until the boys had a heart to heart and hug it out; where Tony pointed out that it would make a good chick flick movie resolution. Bucky and Steve charged at Tony calling a pig pile, where Clint, Sam, Bruce, Thor, and even Loki joined in crushing Tony.

So when Nat found out a whole new and secret sector of Hydra Bucky was the first to jump on the quinjet, bag packed and his face set in an emotionless expression ready to rain down hell. The mission lasted two weeks and it took the whole team. Bucky didn't sleep and barely ate until he saw the building go up in flames, even then he stood and watched the damned building turn to nothing but a pile of ash and rubble.

When Nat and Steve were on the lower levels when they found something that she had only heard in whispers but in her time in Russia. Hydra best-kept secret, their true pride, and joy. Fearing Bucky's reaction to the news, Steve had Bucky take the first jet home as in order to keep him from what they found.

Hydra’s pride was a no more than a five foot two, blonde who was heart-stopping beautiful. She looked like she couldn't have been any older than twenty. She was locked behind five different vibranium doors and was tied down to a chair, along with being secured under a straight jacket and a muzzle. She didn't even blink when Natasha blew the door down, nor did she fight when they hauled her out; Not before cuffing her legs and slinging her over Steve large shoulders. Careful not to cross paths with Bucky who was planting explosives.

Nat and Steve had her flow under the radar back to the compound. It was Nat who figured out who she was but couldn't speak until they were away from prying ears. No one could hear what they found, this was what built Hydra.

“ ‘Ничего’. Meaning Nothing .” Nat finally said to Steve as they flew over the US border.

“Nothing? What the hell is that?” Steve asked rubbing his scruff exasperatedly.

“Not what Steve who.” Nat said eyeing the girl who was locked behind an impenetrable cell. She sat on the floor staring vacantly at them.

“Who? Who is she? What is she?” Steve questioned and Nat shrugged.

“I only know rumors. Ничего was what created Hydra, Doctor Arnim Zola, as you know, was the head scientist, but they didn't just find him from nowhere.” Steve's eyes narrowed at the name. “He created the original serum.” Nat said eyeing the imprisoned girl.

“What does this have to do with the girl?” Steve question and Nat eyed Steve.

“They had to practice on someone before turning it to mass produce.” Nat said slow and Steve's brows knitted together. “They said he experimented on his daughter.” Nat said helping Steve connect the dots. Steve took in a sharp breath, before standing up.

“That's...” Steve said and looked over the girl who hadn't moved the entire flight.

“Fucked?” Nat said making Steve frown and she just rolled her eyes.

“So he mutilated his own daughter?” Steve's voice was full of disgust.

“They created the perfect hidden weapo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers & Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Protective Bucky Barnes
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Protective Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Loki (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Bucky Barnes Has PTSD
Muteness
Fluff
Fluff and Angst
Fluff and Smut
Eventual Smut
Love at First Sight
Falling In Love
Slow Build
Blood and Violence
Blood and Gore
Cuddling & Snuggling
Domestic Fluff
Domestic Avengers
Panic Attacks
Dissociative Identity Disorder
Dissociation
Bucky Barnes Has Issues
Hurt Bucky Barnes
Precious Peter Parker
First Kiss
First Time
Torture
Blood and Torture
hydra takes everything good
Flashbacks
Lost Love
love after love
The bad guys die
and they deserve it
Steve Feels
Grief/Mourning
Moving On
There will be a happy ending
no beta we die like men
Slow Burn
But its worth it

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes & Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers & Original Female Character(s)

