Chapter 1: Lightnin' and Hammers
    




Chapter Text
Ever since the Avengers had formed, their lives had been what most people might call  insane .But  this ?This took the cake.Thor stared down in shock at the damaged Iron Man suit standing in the rubble in front of him, unsure of what exactly he was seeing.A tiny toddler with his hands on his hips, a riot of messy brunette curls, with a faded Black Sabbath t-shirt swimming on his petite frame was glaring up at the Avenger’s from the open torso of the Iron Man armour. “Stark’s don’ pay no ransom!”“What the shit!  Is that fuckin’  Stark ?”“Language, Barton!”“Sorry Cap.”“It would appear that whatever spell Amora threw out has struck the Man of Iron.”“Yeah no  shit, Thor!”“Barton! Language!”“If I may interject,  ” JARVIS’ smooth voice broke through the noise, and the toddler in the armour started, “  perhaps this would be better dealt with when the young sir has been taken care of first? He cannot be comfortable in his current state.”“J-Ja’vis? Where you? Can’t see you…” The little voice that not a few moments ago had been so full of assertion and confidence had dropped to a volume and tone that sounded more like a child in this situation should. It wobbled a little and Thor felt it tug at his heart.
 “I am always here for you, young sir. But for now, you must listen to the adults around you. You can trust them, you have my word.” 
The child made a noise of agreement and nodded his head, seeming to accept that for now as he looked back up at the Avengers, his big brown eyes tracking over each of their faces steadily, until he gave a soft little gasp, and leant so far forward he nearly fell out of the suit.“Cap’n America? ‘s that you?”Steve couldn’t help the little double take as he looked down at his suddenly pint-sized teammate. A pointy elbow dug into his side from Natasha’s direction, and after a moment’s hesitation - and another elbow dig - he crouched down to the toddler’s eye level. He drew a deep breath, and did his best to keep his voice calm and steady, and his smile friendly as he spoke. “It sure is, bud. I’m here to help you. Can you tell me your name?”Those already huge brown eyes grew even bigger and the most adorable toothy grin broke out over his face. “Yeah! My name’s Tony Stark, an’ I’m three, sir!”Clint’s face scrunched up in confusion as he turned to Natasha to ask, “What’re we supposed to do with a kid? Even one as smart as he obviously is. We can’t take him, right?”The Black Widow shrugged delicately, and turned away to face their teeny teammate. “Turn him over to SHIELD, clearly. We’re not exactly equipped to care for him, and he lives alone in that tower.” She watched with a carefully blank expression on her face as Steve gently picked Tony up and settled him on his hip. Outside of the armour he was tiny, the jeans and boxers that his adult self had been wearing falling away to land on the ground. “Where else would he go?”Thor glanced over at Natasha briefly, a frown creasing his brows, before turning his gaze back to the small child who was wiggling around and trying to climb Steve. “I will return to Asgard immediately, and see if Loki can help to undo the curse our teammate finds himself under. He has been pardoned of all his crimes, and has been much more amenable of late. It is possible he will know how to release Amora’s magic.”Clint snorted. “Amenable, sure pal. Dudes as mad as a hatter. Bruce was right - you can smell the crazy on -”“I would ask you do not finish that sentence, Hawkeye. He is my brother, and he was not under his own control. A feeling I am sure you remember quite well,” Thor interrupted in a quiet voice, his bright blue eyes not moving from where Tony was now climbing up to sit on Steve’s shoulders, as the super soldier tried – and failed – to keep the t-shirt down over Tony’s bare bottom.There was a slightly awkward silence for a few moments, before the sound of Tony’s little voice broke it. “Mis’r Fury! Mis’r Fury!”All eyes turned to Tony as he waved furiously from his new perch on Steve’s shoulders, before turning in the direction he was waving. Director Fury was walking slowly their way from a nondescript black SUV that had SHIELD written all over it. “Lookit Mis’r Fury! I foun’ Cap’n America! Howard is gonna be happy! Is he here? Is Auntie Peggy?”Everyone watched as Steve’s shoulders tensed up, and his whole body went deathly still. “Is she here? I wanna see Peggy! An’ mama! An’ I’m thirsty. ‘s Jarvis here now? Ana? You got juice? Can I has it?”Fury approached slowly and looked around at all of them, his eye eventually focusing on the kid sitting on Steve. The friendly smile that was now on his scarred face looked very out of place as he gave the kid a little wave. “Tony! You’re taller than me, now kiddo. How’s the view?” he smiled up at the toddler. Clint and Natasha both turned stunned expressions on the director, as he smiled up at Tony.“’s awesome! I found Cap’n America, an’ now I wanna see Peggy an' Mam
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

freeform: 
Age Regression/De-Aging
De-Aged Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Magic
Fluff
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
Family
Family Bonding
Thor (Marvel) is a Good Bro
Loki Has Issues
James Barnes has issues
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Cuddling & Snuggling
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Not Captain America: The Winter Soldier Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Protective Thor (Marvel)
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Protective Bucky Barnes
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
Awesome Frigga (Marvel)
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Kidnapping
Captain America - Freeform
Sneaky Natasha Romanov
Sneaky Clint Barton
Boop the Kitten
Other Additional Tags to Be Added
some foul language
Minor Original Character(s)
Heimdall (Marvel) Lives
lady sif - Freeform
tea on tuesdays
Bucky Barnes's Metal Arm
Murder Kitten Bucky Barnes
Not Thor: The Dark World Compliant
Not Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Compliant
Marvel Norse Lore
Hel - Freeform
Fenris - Freeform
Jormungand - Freeform
Nick Fury is Not Amused
SHIELD
Vanaheimr | Vanaheim
Revenge
taking the scenic route to any romance
WinterFrost eventually

fandom: 
Loki & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Thor
Loki & Thor (Marvel)

