Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Peter Parker doesn’t remember his last full meal. 	He thinks it was three days ago, on a sidewalk outside a Taco Bell on 8th Ave in the middle of a rainstorm. Some kid dropped their bag in the water lining the curb and Peter had about -25% shame and just went for it. It had sucked. But Taco Bell sucks when it’s not covered in sewer water so. Barely a difference really. 	He doesn’t know why he’s thinking about shit stained Taco Bell and Monday as he wedges himself into the small elevator at the Daily Bugle. It’s still raining; it started earlier this week and never let up, and Peter knows there’s this big Gala Jameson is sending the new girl Tammy to. He hopes the rain stops, for her and all the women in white dresses’ sake. 	The elevator lurches at every stop, the gears turning loud, and Peter’s already made his peace with dying in this death trap years ago. When it reaches his floor, he’s the last one out, and he shoulders his book bag and braces himself for Jameson’s newest frustration. 	Betty is seated at her desk in front of his office, and she gives Peter a little smile as he dumps his soaked belongings on his meager desk. 	“Hey,” she whispers, beckoning him to come over, which he does, after wiping his glasses on his shirt, “have you eaten today?” 	Peter gives her a tired smile. 	He hopes it can hide the growling of his stomach. 	“Define eaten,” he jokes and she rolls her eyes and reaches into her purse, pulling out a crinkled Starbucks bag. 	She offers it to him. 	“Wait, really? I can’t take this, this–”	“Is a sausage sandwich muffin,” Betty interrupts with a teasing grin, “take it, Pete, you’re practically swaying on your feet.” 	Peter takes the bag from her. 	“Thank you,” he says, sincere, before turning to his desk and sitting down to eat. 	He has the muffin halfway to his mouth before Jameson’s office door is slamming open and Peter wants to sink into the horrible blue carpet. 	Maybe, just maybe, Jameson won’t need him right this very inconvenient second. 	“Parker!” Jameson screams, “My office, five minutes, or you're fired!” 	Peter looks down at the sandwich, takes one meek bite, and stands to go see what Jameson wants. 	“Parker you look like shit,” is the first actual thing Jameson says to him and Peter can’t really argue that, doesn’t have the energy to argue that. 	“Thanks,” he grumbles, adjusting his glasses. 	“Wasn’t a compliment,” Jameson says, his cigar hanging unlit from between his teeth, “now, there’s that fancy ass Gala tonight. I was just going to send that new twiggy girl with the bad teeth–”	“Sophie,” Peter tells him. 	“Yeah, Sarah, but I got one of my sources tellin’ me Wade Wilson, fucking Deadpool, is going to make an appearance. You know how big that is kid? That’s recluse coming out of billion dollar hiding hole big. I want you on the ground floor, I want you taking the first goddamn picture of that pompous, scarred sonofabitch and coming back here to print first thing, you got that?” 	Peter’s head hurts. 	“I thought Sophie was taking the pictures,” Peter says. 	“She’s covering the event, you’re covering Wilson. Anymore stupid ass questions, Parker?” 	“I don’t have a suit.” 	“Make one! Dig one out of your favorite dumpster, that’s not my problem! Oh, and if you get me that photo I’ll give you an extra $650, how’s that sound?” 	Peter stands up straighter. 	“That…that would be so great, sir, I need a new camera so that would really help–”	“I don’t care about your sob story Parker, out of my office. And pick up your pass from Beth.” 	Peter bites his tongue from correcting Jameson again. 	“Yes sir,” Peter nods and leaves immediately, before Jameson redacts the generous added bonus. 	He’s done it before. 	Peter feels a little happier, a little more optimistic, as he sits at his desk and eats his lukewarm (free) Starbucks breakfast sandwich.  /// 	Peter has about five hours before the Gala starts. 	Honestly, he doesn’t understand fashion events. There is a cocktail hour that begins at nine and then the main event begins at eleven. Peter’s tired just thinking about it. It does, however, give him time to rummage around New York’s thrift stores during the day to try to find a suit that could pass for an extravagant Gala. 	He resolves just going into the fabric store down the street from the Bugle, and he’s suddenly thankful that aunt May made him join her sewing club with her friends from ages six to fourteen. If there’s one thing he knows how to do, it’s sew. Which…yeah, fuck toxic masculinity; he’s fucking great at sewing. 	There’s a short woman with a tight ponytail behind the counter, and she helps Peter pick out good fabrics, ones that don’t look cheap, that hold their shape, that aren’t made from gross synthetics. Peter arrives back at work with rolls of fabric swathed in trash bags to protect them from the rain and he’s sure he can hear Jameson getting an ulcer just watching him sew the pattern at his desk. 	At one point Tammy comes up to him, lips pur
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Past! Vanessa Carlysle/Wade Wilson
Past! Peter Parker/Harry Osborn

freeform: 
Wade is the world's most talked about fashion designer
fashion - Freeform
Slow Burn
Mutual Pining
Travel
Drama & Romance
slight angst
Minor Self Harm
Implied suicidal tendencies/thoughts
Implied/Referenced Drug Use
Food Issues
'cause Peter can't always afford food
but Wade helps him out
this is happy I swear
Happy Ending
Cool clothes
FAASSHIOONNN
Spideypool Big Bang 2018
prompt #56
except I expanded on it a lot
Wade Wilson Needs A Hug
So does Peter
they hug each other
Language
Paparazzi
Wade Is Insecure
Kissing
Romance
Paranoia
Wade wears heels
Wade wears a lot of things
Fuck Toxic Masculinity
Feminization
cross dressing
MAKE UP!!!
SO MUCH MAKE UP
and clothes
Drinking
Implied Drug Use
Broke Peter
Sugar Daddy Wade
Protective Wade
Protective Peter
Toxic Media
Anxiety Attacks
Peter and Wade both have them
Hurt/Comfort
Mental Illness
Eccentric Billionaire Wade
no powers
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Masturbation
Dirty Thoughts
Teasing
Size Kink
Height Differences
Maybe Peter has a Daddy Kink?
We'll discover it with him if he does
Miscommunication
That turns into communication
Jealousy
Jealous! Peter
Kind of Possessive Wade
not in a toxic way
Depressive Thoughts
Dirty Talk
Blowjobs
Dom/sub Undertones
Daddy Kink
Dom Wade
Sub Peter
Talks of homelessness
Dealing with relationships
and exes
Healthy Communication
Kink Negotiation
EVERYTHING IS CONSENSUAL AND DISCUSSED
Always
AS ALL tHINGS SHOULD BE
Crossdressing Kink
Light Dom/sub

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Past! Vanessa Carlysle/Wade Wilson
Past! Peter Parker/Harry Osborn

