Chapter 1: Caught
    




Chapter Text
Peter stood frozen in place, his heart ready to thrum out of his chest.He stood in the very corner of the lecture hall, blanketed in the darkness at the highest raised pew. He crouched down on his haunches, so as not to be seen.
The only light in the room shone over the Professors desk and, and- Peter hadn’t meant to fall asleep, he was just so busy with school and the whole Spider-Man thing, plus trying to maintain a social life but-Jesus Christ, he did not expect to be stuck in lecture hall A3 while his professor got head from the pretty brunette that sat front row every day.They’d only been in the class for five days, tops. Apparently the man moved fast, judging by his soft moans and the- oh god, the actual slurping noises. Peter could feel his ears burning, his eyes burning a bit too, to be honest. He was kind of horrified and a little....turned on?Okay, there was no denying how hard he was getting, just watching the way Mr. Stark uncaringly thrusted into the girls mouth. It was kinda....hot? Mean? Hm. Well, she seemed like she was enjoying it. Peter just hoped she wasn’t doing it for the grade, that’d be really sad.But he wouldn’t be shocked if she was just doing it to do it. Mr Stark wasn’t exactly ugly. He was literally Iron Man. He was Tony Stark, a literal actual sex symbol. Hell, Peter would probably- he cut off that thought before it could even fully form. Nope. Not going there.God, her head probably hurt from how hard Stark was pulling her hair. Peter wondered if that felt good. He reached a hand up into his own unruly curls and tugged a little harder than intended. He almost gasped at the feeling. It was....it wasn’t bad, okay?He had to get a hold of himself and figure out how the fuck he was supposed to get out of this room without getting caught. He’d just have to wait it out. The doors were super creaky and the light from outside would stream in.He tried to block out all the err....moaning, wondering just how good the mans stamina was because Jesus, he’d been here for way too long already. He just wanted to go to his dorm and take a nap already.At long last, he heard Stark release a grunt that carried over to his side of the room. He refused to look at the girl wiping the back of her mouth.She left first and some minutes later, Mr. Stark exited too.Peter waited all of five minutes before he stood and cracked his back, groaning at the feeling and made his way down the aisle toward the exit.He stopped short of the door when he realized that he was alone. In Tony Stark’s classroom. The nerd inside him couldn’t resist looking around a bit. What would it hurt?He glanced around at the contents of the mans desk, infinitely curious about what exactly Tony Stark would even bring to class with him. He could leave in a minute, right before the cleaning staff got here but....he kind of wanted to snoop a little.He shifted some papers around and all of a sudden, he felt his nerves tingle. Oh god, someone was coming! He tried to rearrange the papers and-“Why are you snooping around in my classroom?”Peter spun around a little too gracefully for someone who just got caught red handed. His heart felt like it might beat of his chest as he was confronted with the sight of his professor standing in the doorway, hip cocked to one side and arms crossed. His eyes were narrowed in suspicion.Oh no no no, he knew. He had to know that Peter was in here...when he...“I uh- I just, I thought I’d-“ He gulped nervously as the man shut the door behind him and clicked the lock. “I just wanted to see if you graded my paper.”Great, solid lie. This would be fine.Mr. Stark only snorted without humor. “Yes, I did. You got a 72%, since you couldn’t wait to find out next week.” Whew. He believed him. Maybe but- wait.It was Peter’s turn to narrow his eyes, a low C? How dare he?“Um, Mr. Stark, sir. No offense but.” He gulped again as his professors eyebrows shot up and Peter stood with his shoulders squared. Aunt May always told him to stand tall in the face of adversity, even if he was really bad at doing so. “I think I deserve a higher grade than that. I did so much research and-“He was cut off by the older man chuckling rudely. Well now Peter was just getting pissed off.“That’s cute, kid. But I don’t care how much you researched, the paper wasn’t good.” He spoke down to him in a way that made Peter’s face turn bright red and he hoped he didn’t look like a kicked puppy. He felt like one. “So....write a better one next time, maybe you’ll get a B. If you’re lucky.”He was simmering with rage but couldn’t get his feet to move to leave the classroom.“Do you usually sleep with your students?”Oh crap. Oh god no. Starks face now looked slightly angry and Peter had not meant to blurt that out. He was ready to keep pretending that he was just skulking around, not that he had actually seen anything.“Excuse me?” Mr. Stark asked in a dangerous tone.If it was already out there, Peter saw no reason to back do
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - College/University
Tony is a Professor
but also still iron man
he doesn’t know peter is Spider-Man
Power Imbalance
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Oral Sex
Blowjobs
Rimming
Dom/sub
Sub Peter
Dom Tony
Bottom Peter
Top Tony
Painplay
BDSM
Peter is 18 or 19 idk

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

