Work Text:

Of all the rotten luck. Peter just 

had

 to forget his supplements that helped during his heating cycle. As if being two hours from home wasn't bad enough, but he was stuck in a building 

full

 of alphas, and as far as he knew, he was the only omega. Deep down, he knew that none of the others would take advantage of him knowingly, however the pheromones that plagued omegas during mating season made alphas act out, and 

they 

were surely no different. He just had to lie low and play it safe. 
 
Only leaving his room for food when he was sure that there was no one between his room and the kitchen. Luckily, he had his own bathroom attached to his room, and his own personal locking system that Tony gratefully installed. 
 
Aside from Ned and May, Tony was the only other one who knew of Peter being an omega, and the man went to great lengths to make sure that he was safe during his cycles. The air of protective intent that emanated from Tony gave Peter chills, and a warm feeling inside. They weren’t “together,” much less bonded, but Peter couldn’t help but imagine himself wrapped in Tony’s strong embrace. He’d hide his face in the crook of Tony’s neck, and revel in the feeling of safety while Tony buried his face into Peter’s hair, inhaling his scent. 
 
A small gasp escaped Peter’s lips as he dug into his pants and grabbed at his aching cock. Beginning with long and even strokes, Peter buried the side of his face into his pillow as he whispered Tony’s name. Ejaculation was never an issue for Peter, especially when he was in heat. It did, however take a lot of energy out of him, because he’d have to fuck himself constantly throughout the day to be able to function normally.
 
After taking the time to catch his breath, he brought up the hand he came on and just stared at his sticky mess. Face red and full of shame, he brought it closer and began licking it clean. He then flipped himself over on his stomach, propping himself up on his knees while his face lay on his pillow. He then pulled his sweats down to his knees, and stuck his ass up in the air. Using his cleaner hand, he reached behind, and prodded himself open with two fingers. The contact made him moan aloud, and the sloshiness of his natural lubricant turned him on even more.   
 
Peter closed his eyes, and imagined his fingers as Tony’s cock, which motivated him to move faster. Rubbing his walls gave all the drive he needed to thrust into the mattress beneath him. He bit down on his hand to stray from touching himself, as he wanted to achieve orgasm by humping his bed. 
 
The squeaking of the bed, and rapid stench of his own scent was enough to drive him over the edge. 
 
Peter collapsed onto his side, and allowed himself to fall into a deep sleep. Questions of how he was going to survive the week hovered in his thoughts beforehand. 

Peter woke up in the same position he left himself in hours later. Both of his hands felt sticky, and so did his ass and legs, and just about every part of him below his waist did. Shrugging it aside, he trudged into the bathroom to clean himself up. 
 
Afterwards, he exited with a towel over his head and rubbed it through hastily in a half-assed attempt to dry himself off. 
 
“FRIDAY, is there anyone out in the common area, or the kitchen?” Peter stared at the door hopefully. 
 
“Yes, Peter.” The AI answered, ignoring the disdainful groan the teenager provided, and instead asked, “Would you like to know who?” 
 
“Uh, is Mr. Stark here?” Peter asked hopefully. 
 
“Mr. Stark is still out of town, you know this, Peter.”
 
Peter tightened his lips and debated with himself whether or not he should chance it. He sighed exasperatedly, finally reasoning that he couldn’t hold himself in his room the entire time. Thanking FRIDAY for her input, he opened the door, and crept out into the hallway. 
 
Even without his enhanced hearing, he would have been able to identify the unmistakable voices of the other Avengers. All male, he noted. Unless the women were just being silent, though he doubted it. 
 
As he reached the end of the hallway that opened up into the living room, Peter noticed that the voices quieted down almost instantly. A prickling sensation drove up his spine, and he wondered if he should just turn tail, and head back. His rumbling stomach protested against this idea, and reminded Peter that he had not eaten the entire day, and evening was approaching soon. 
 
Going against his instinct, and conscience, Peter stepped out into the open, and almost immediately regretted doing so. Just about all of the stronger Avengers were there and they were staring at him. He noticed some of their gazes trail up and down his body, and it was like all of his clothing had just disappeared. 
 
His gut tightened, and he could hear his own heartbeat throbbing in his ears. Peter gulped, and he could swear the rest of them heard it. No one said anything, except for Steve who (bless him) was trying to keep his composure. 
 
“Hel
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Omega
Alpha Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Alpha Thor (Marvel)
Omega Peter Parker
Possessive Tony Stark
Mating Cycles/In Heat
First Time
Virgin Peter Parker
Bottom Peter Parker
Top Tony Stark
Mentor/Protégé
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Attempted Rape/Non-Con
Starker
Mating Bond
Mating Bites
Scent Kink
Daddy Kink
Mildly Dubious Consent
Knotting
Size Difference
Masturbation

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

