Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"That kind of day?"Steve had been leaning against the elevator wall with his eyes closed, but opened them at the words, then stood up straight at the speaker because, even out of uniform and even with Steve retired from the service, Colonel Rhodes was a senior officer and it was still instinct to respect the rank.Said senior officer gave him a dirty look until Steve resumed his slouch against the wall."That kind of day is all I seem to have here," Steve replied, forcing himself to swallow the 'sir' before it passed his lips. They'd had that discussion already.The Triskelion was gone, but there were still other SHIELD towers to elevate the powerful over the rest of them. With Pierce dead, Fury "dead," and most of the WSC chairs still empty, Councilwoman Hawley was the de facto head of the agency until some order could be made out of the chaos -- or at least until they could figure out who was HYDRA and not promote them to the Director's chair. Hawley was tough edging toward ruthless, which under the circumstances was understandable, but it didn't make Steve's life any easier or less complicated."You tried to quit again, didn't you," Rhodes asked with a chuckle as the doors closed. He didn't hit a button, so he was going down to the lobby same as Steve. "Third time wasn't the charm?""More like fifth and no," Steve confirmed sourly. He understood why Hawley wasn't interested in accepting his resignation -- he wasn't oblivious to the chatter that he should be the next Director, which was unwanted and ridiculous from every perspective but the PR optics of an intelligence organization that had been corrupted to its core -- but he didn't quite understand why that mattered. He wasn't a slave of SHIELD, wasn't indentured in any way... except he was, for all intents and purposes. Hawley had made it clear that there would be repercussions beyond stopping his pay if he refused to show up to work when requested and when he'd tried other avenues, there'd been an apologetic but firm phone call from the President more or less confirming the threat. He wasn't sure how they'd actually make it work, although he suspected it would be through the Army, and he'd been convinced by the people he actually wanted to work with that there were worthwhile reasons not to find out. Hill and Fury both wanted him at SHIELD, which didn't not matter, and both Natasha and Tony had put forward cases for why it was better to play along than not. But that didn't mean he had to like it or to go along with it docilely and today's meeting, in part, had been about reinforcing that."You heading back up to New York?" Rhodes asked when they got to the lobby. Steve nodded. "Want a lift?" Rhodes gestured upward, a smile playing at one corner of his mouth. "I'm heading that way."With Tony both unready and, to a degree, unwilling to jump back into the Iron Man armor -- major thoracic surgery, repairs to his professional and personal lives, rebuilding the suits and their accouterments -- the Avengers had needed a flyer and War Machine had filled the void. Tony was much closer to a return, but Steve hoped that Rhodes would stick around. He was good for the team and good for Tony and, Steve thought, the good went both ways. The purging of HYDRA from the uniformed ranks had been an ugly spectacle, however necessary, and everyone who'd served, past and present, had felt it to a degree. The Avengers were still finding their footing and their identity as an independent entity, but they were a decent sanctuary for battered idealists. Steve should know."I drove down," Steve replied with a slight shrug to admit that it wasn't necessarily an obstacle but one he was choosing to allow to be one. He needed the time to think and clear his head before returning to Avengers Tower and, as much as he loved getting a lift through the air -- and make no mistake about it, he loved it -- feeding his adrenaline habit wasn't conducive to organizing his thoughts. Getting stuck on 95 in bumper to bumper traffic between Philly and Trenton was higher stress, but also more effective."I'll make sure they save you some pizza," Rhodes said with a nod and they parted.The drive up from Wilmington did its thing, more or less. He rehashed the discussion with Hawley, parsing out the meanings of what she was and wasn't saying to try to get a little bit of a glimpse of her bigger picture. They'd explicitly disagreed about the profile of Steve's missions; he'd accused her of turning him into a trick pony and tipping off the local media when he'd gone in to take down a HYDRA-infested SHIELD sub-base in Minneapolis. She hadn't denied it exactly, just shifted the topic slightly and he'd been dogged in his refusal to drop it. She got the benefit of his good name by his continued participation in the organization; there didn't need to be photo-ops and press releases. "I'm not running for office and you're not my campaign manager," he'd said, which in turn had brought up anot
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Am I mad in a coma or back in time?
Time Travel
World War II
War
Captain America: The First Avenger
Prisoner of War
PTSD
Aftermath of Torture
Torture
Rescue Missions
Infinity Gems

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers

