Chapter 1: Well If You Wanted Honesty
    




Chapter Text
The thing is Bucky hadn’t the slightest clue when it first began.
Maybe it was when he was old enough to understand what the meaning of the word desire was. Maybe it was when he saw that crooked smile for the first time and noticed the brightness that was barely contained behind blue eyes. Maybe it was when they had to start sharing a bed together in the winter because their apartment got far too drafty.
Or maybe it all started when they were both young and their biggest concern was how they were going to get out of taking their next bath (no matter what Sister Agnes said the water was always lukewarm at best and they were going to go back outside and dirty themselves up again anyway); when, at the wise age of eight, Bucky decided it was his responsibility to look out for Steve. Even as a child Steve had strong opinions.
Bucky remembered seeing Steve for the first time on the orphanage grounds, helping up a crying girl who had been pushed into the muddy ground. He had looked fearless as he stared up at the bully before him. Bucky can’t remember exactly how the situation had devolved from there but before he knew it that tiny blonde boy was on the ground and Bucky was running over because he was getting back up again and didn’t that kid know the smart thing to do was just to stay down?
He remembered pulling him up off the ground. After landing a solid kick to that other boy’s shins he said, “Ain’t anybody ever told you not to pick fights with boys bigger than you?” his Brooklyn accent thick.
Steve had stared back at him and said, “He ought to have said sorry to that girl. He was bein' a bully and somebody had to stop him,” as if it was the simplest thing in the world. To Steve it probably was.
“That doesn’t mean you should be the one stoppin’ him, ‘specially you. You look like a breeze could knock you right over” He gestured to Steve’s unimpressive frame. Steve brushed some dirt off his trousers and then stood up straight, pointed a finger back at Bucky and replied. “Anybody ever tell you you’re a jerk?”
And in typical eight year old fashion Bucky had grinned and said back,” I dunno, anybody ever tell you you’re a punk?”
Both boys were smiling at each other and then Bucky was shoving his hand into Steve’s, introducing himself. “My name’s James Buchanan Barnes but you can call me Bucky.” And that had been that.
They became inseparable and really, that probably was when it began. From the moment Steve had entered Bucky’s life it was like a pull, something drawing them together, something urging him to protect and care. Something that grew and grew into a strong and unbreakable bond that ran so deep between them that by the time Bucky noticed it, it had been too late. Because what he didn’t realize before was how warm his chest felt when he was near Steve; that the highlight of his day was trudging up the stairs after work and finding Steve looking up from his drawing to offer him a sympathetic smile and ask “what do you want to eat tonight Buck?” and letting their simple domesticity erase the days’ aches. That, the electricity he felt in his bones when he looked Steve in the eyes and admired how blue they were had meant more than a close friendship.
Now it was hard to pass off his feelings as friendly when he looked at Steve and saw the sharp points of a collarbone peeking out from too loose clothing. When he found himself looking at the curve of Steve’s lips and wanted. It was a visceral and heated feeling, snaking through his veins, making his pulse jump and his cock ache.
The bitch of it all was that if it had just been sexual, nothing but physical attraction, Bucky would have been able to deal with it. Might have been able to cause the attraction to fade by finding someone similar enough and fucking it out of his system. He certainly made the effort at least, going out and dancing with dames a few nights a week. Unfortunately his life was hardly ever that easy.
No, Bucky had to go and do the worst imaginable and fall in love. He didn’t want to fuck Steve he wanted to, god help him, make love to him. He wanted to memorize and map out instead of quick groping, wanted to go slow and explore instead of dirty and fast.
Hell, it was possible he had no clue what love was. It seemed to be an awful lot like this though, like he could take the whole damn world on if Steve looked at him the right way, like he had found his home and happiness, everything he could have ever wanted in the form a 95 pound, too stubborn and too brave for his own good man called Steve Rogers.
Sometimes it overwhelmed him how much he felt. There was no outlet for this; well there was no acceptable outlet. Sure, he could risk telling his closest friend that he had been wired wrong and somehow had ended up falling in love with him and could they still be friends even though he thought about getting on his knees for Steve at least twice a week? And then Steve being the pure hearted per
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Pining
Pre-Serum Steve Rogers
First Time
Romance
Fluff
Angst
Protectiveness
Protective Bucky Barnes
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Friends to Lovers
Slow Dancing
Love Letters

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

