Work Text:
The dragon who had easily taken Tony from his Kingdom was truly a sight to behold. It was impossible not to admire Thor in his dragon form. Thor’s scales were golden, like the piles of gold that filled his hoard, and they glittered in the low torch light with every flicker of flame. The red of his spikes and the pattern on his back often reminded Tony of the blood Thor had split of knights foolish enough to attempt to rescue him. Those knights couldn’t be blamed. Tony was the only heir to the throne, the only one Howard had produced in the twenty-two years Tony had been alive, and beloved by his people. Constantly sending knights along in vain attempts to rescue him was practically expected no matter how many months he’d been gone.Weapons, countless weapons, littered the floor of Thor’s hoard. Armor was discarded in a heap, a pile of trophies from Thor’s enemies. The newest pile in the huge room that made up the main chamber of Thor’s territory held the selected items the dragon had gifted to him.A new piece was added near constantly.Tony watched the dragon that had happily brought him back to his hoard, to an abandoned castle located on Mount Asgard, as though Tony were a precious gem all on his own instead of a Prince from a nearby Kingdom return from wherever he had gone hours earlier. There was a hum of pleased success buzzing at Thor’s end of the mate bond the dragon’s magic had forged between them three months prior.As Thor moved closer and closer his body started to shrink, magic flaring out with each step, until the gigantic dragon had taken on his human form. Thor was grinning brightly, something gold and glittering in one of his large hands, as Tony shifted back onto the large plush bed he spent most of his time sprawled on when Thor was gone from the castle. The happiness seemed to swell as Thor’s eyes fixated on him. “Anthony!”He shifted on the bed, a gold chain locked around his ankle, to move closer to the end of the bed. “Firebreath.” Tony watched Thor coming closer, pausing at the pile of gold containing Tony’s gifts to collect several pieces, before resuming his walk. “Kill any knights or would-be rescuers?”“No, my precious treasure, not on this morning. Perhaps I’ll find a challenge tomorrow.”Thor grinned at him, hands full of gold and precious gems. Tony knew exactly what the dragon wanted and sighed, lips tugging in an amused quirk. It had taken months of living with the dragon, earnestly offering Tony gifts and easy praises, before Tony had given in. He settled himself at the end of the bed, legs hanging over the edge, as the rich cloak he wore slid from his shoulders to reveal his naked body.There were bruises on his hips and thighs from strong, possessive hands and others littered his body from an enthusiastic dragon during their couplings. Tony looked at the pieces in Thor’s hands and recognized several he had removed earlier.He watched as Thor settled the gold on the bed next to him before slowly selecting pieces. The first was a gorgeous collar of gold with rubies and diamonds glinting in the torch light. It fit snug around his throat and Tony knew it was one of Thor’s favorite pieces for him to wear. Golden cuffs encircled both of his wrists with pretty intricate designs etched into them as they locked into place. Short three inch chains hung from each, waiting to attach to their counterparts, as Thor selected the next piece.Gold in hand Thor knelt before him, carefully picking up his chained leg, freeing him and replacing the gold chain with multiple anklets of gold and diamonds. Golden rings were placed on several of his toes before Thor gained his feet once more.There was still a pile of gold waiting to be added to his naked body. Thor loved him covered in glitter and gold. Shining brightly in the low light and clearly draped in pieces of Thor’s hoard.A golden snake lined with countless diamonds and rubies for eyes was placed around his right upper arm. The left arm received a simple golden band. With each addition of gold to his naked body Thor’s eyes seemed to glow, his cheeks flushed and his cock noticeably hardened.He had quickly come to learn that a dragon loved nothing more than to see a mate or a bedmate covered in their gold and precious gems. Thor was no exception. It was certainly more gold than what he’d worn in the palace.
If they saw me now…
Tony whined lowly when Thor added the nipple rings, a golden chain trailing between them, as a soft kind of rumbling sound of pleasure built in the dragon’s chest. Diamonds were hung from his belly button. Rings adorned his fingers.When Thor reached out to grasp his cock Tony swayed forward, eyes hooding and lips parting, while Thor carefully placed a golden band just behind the head of his cock where a sparkling diamond dangled on the underside. His ears were next. A series of bands followed the left shell of his ear and a longer ear cuff was on the right.“Thor.”He could feel heat building in his veins, surging throu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Thor

freeform: 
Dragon Thor
Prince Tony Stark
Captive Prince Tony
Alternate Universe - Dragons
Dragon Hoard
Jewelry
gold - Freeform
hinted stockholm syndrome
Chains
Creature Thor
treasure
Possessive Thor
Body Worship
Size Difference
Magic
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Fantasy
Top Thor
Bottom Tony
Mates
Praise Kink
Fluff and Smut
Bonding
Butt Plugs
Collars
Collared Tony
Piercings
Mating Bond
dragon instincts
Barebacking
Restraints
Bondage
Size Kink
Dragon Loki (Marvel)
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Age Difference
Dragons instead of Norse Gods
Manhandling
Enthusiastic Consent
Don’t copy to another site

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Thor

