Work Text:
The Soldier dies uncountable times, and is reborn uncountably more. And when he dies, he sleeps, and when he sleeps, a stranger dreams. Across his cold, somber mental clime, purple clouds gather in the bitter blue-black sky, then settling, with swirling mists they overwhelm the void of clarity. Indistinct, shapes rise and stretch, memories bound by wakefulness are loosed, and in his tomb the Soldier falls into uneasy rest.
"Licorice laces, and Mary Janes, and ... and, honey chews, and chocolate buttons!" His friend stretches up on his toes, desperate to see, with eyes wide and voice hoarse, barely more than a whisper. Another summer cold. 

"Whatever you want, buddy," he says, confident, and stands tall, a head above his friend, to peer into the long, glass case at sugared fruit and caramel creams and peanut taffy. "Whatever you want."
The Soldier is woken, and for a moment his eyes roll and his mind trembles, and there's nothing for him but wildness, turmoil. "Good morning, Soldier. We have a mission for you."The Soldier blinks and stares and watches the thin-faced man, sharp edges, cruel mouth, shrewd eyes. Behind him, two men in white; they wring and twist and wash their hands together. They are nothing, the Soldier leaves them, examines instead the first man, as confusion fights against clarity. The Soldier could break the man's narrow neck, crush the bones and tear the flesh, give him one last moment of wet, gasping life. The man frowns. "Has he been wiped?""Yes, sir." The man steps back a pace from the Soldier and tries to be powerful, tries to command, he arcs his head up, all arrogance, his cruel mouth firms, and still the Soldier watches him."You have a mission, Soldier," he says unflinching, but there is, in the back, in the low, a tremor. The Soldier stares until clarity is the whole of him, confusion drowned in hallowed silence. In the sweet, bright air, in the warmth of the sun, in the kiss of breezes on his cheek, there is no freedom, there is no light, there is only the Soldier's ever-winter. Once screams and fire fade to smears across the land and sky, the Soldier sleeps again. Back in the deep, deep gray, where shadows hide until bolstering clarity crumbles. 
Men in strange, white uniforms on a green, jade field, a murmuring audience, and then a roar, a crashing wave, a shout of triumph, exultation to the skies.

"Did you see that, pal? Did you see that?" His friend pounds on his arm with small, frail hands, fingers so often tripped and frustrated by tremors. Still, they flutter now in elation, in life and clear, unburdened joy. 

"Hot damn! A walk off! I saw it." Swinging an arm across his friend's narrow shoulders, he tilts his head back and laughs, offering up his own exuberance to the bright blue day.
"He's awake!"Thick fog recedes, dragging, heavy, stealing him as it fades. "Welcome back, Soldier. Are you ready for your next task?"The Soldier stares down at his hands -- one silver, one flesh. One is a stranger; he doesn't know which. "Soldier."Looking up, he frowns. The walls are gray. So, too, are the men around him. Bloodless with fear, bloodless with savagery. They stand back from him, and his bound stranger-hands. "Will he always be this hard to wake?""It takes a few minutes for the process to settle.""Does he remember?""No.""Good." Bloodless men shift warily on their feet. They tremble in his cold. "Soldier, are you ready for your next task?"Blinking, he looks once more at his hands, and nods, giving up a dream, already lost, for the sting of wicked lucidity. This time there are shrieks, the next choking silence. This time a knife in his hand, the next a rifle. He stands close, he watches from afar. Blood pools, flames consume, explosions thunder across still skies. The Soldier has done well, the Soldier may return, the Soldier may sleep. Again and again he embraces the quiet, merciful ice of his tomb, discovering, each time anew, the ghost, the stranger who stirs in those not-dreams, the not-memories. And each time it will rake its claws across his mind when he wakes, reluctant to give him up, but forever driven back by razor-edged agony and the unforgiving focus of the Soldier's purpose. 
"Damn it, pal. You couldn't wait for me?" He bends down and picks his friend up from the filth and fetid rubble of a narrow, brick alley. Grabbing his friend's chin, he frowns at bloody nostrils and swelling flesh. "Is it broken?"

His friend scowls and backs up, wiping a filthy arm across his upper lip, spreading blood and snot over his hollow cheek. "No, and I was fine."

His temper rises. He drove off the bullies with clumps of scummy garbage and a couple punches, but now he wishes they were back. Back, so he could beat them again, so he could drive them down into the rotting, wretched dust. He can't beat sense into his friend, but God damn it, he could break the sons of bitches who left his brother bloody.

"There were three of them," and his voice rises to a shout of frustration,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Sleep-Deprivation Fueled
Implied violence and torture

fandom: 
None
