Chapter 1: Anthony Stark
    




Chapter Text
When Anthony Stark was four years old, his father taught him the meaning of disappointment. The man had clearly explained the word, before claiming that if someone were to look it up in the dictionary; Anthony would be used as an example. At the age of six, Anthony had learned that Stark men were made of iron after he fell and broke his arm during a press conference. In front of the press, Howard Stark had acted as a parent should. Concerned, he’d lifted the child and all but disappeared from the stage with Maria Stark at his heels. Off camera, his gentle grip had tightened and he had blown up on the child. At the age of eight, Anthony Stark relied solely on his butler as family. The man that had provided his seed to give him life was no longer referred to as his father, only by first name. His mother did what she could, but had always stepped back in light of the rich man that the public adored. At the age of fourteen, Anthony began his studies at MIT. And while Howard wasn’t impressed, he’d made his first friend in James Rupert Rhodes.  It was also the first time someone other than Jarvis had called him Tony. At sixteen, he graduated. At seventeen, Howard and Maria Stark died in a car accident. At eighteen, Tony was asked to represent Stark Industries on the presentation of the Jericho missile in Afghanistan. James had accompanied him as liaison for the army, and had been helpless to stop the kidnapping of the young CEO. Three months later, Tony flew out of a cave with a light in his chest and a new perspective on the world. Stark Industries stopped producing weapons, and Pepper Potts, a previously unknown employee of the company, took over PR events. At twenty, Tony Stark almost completely disappeared from the spotlight. And while it was common knowledge that he was the creator of all Stark Technology, the young man was no longer interesting to the public. He didn’t party, he didn’t drink, and he rarely did anything of interest. While he had made some public appearances for fundraisers, he was always quiet and observant. At twenty-two, people realized that the hero that had appeared several times, only known as Iron Man, was Tony Stark. His persona outside of the uniform did not change. At twenty-five, Steve Rogers was no longer a lost icon in history. And the Avengers Initiative had begun. Tony refused to get involved, but when the world had been endangered, used the suit to fly a missile into the sky. The team had tried to thank him, but his AI, adequately named Jarvis, had flown him from the scene. And thus, Iron Man started to fly on severe missions with the team. Tony was never truly in the suit, operating from afar, and only interacting when he needed to. Thus, they wrote the man off as arrogant, a young billionaire whom had no business fighting beside them. None of the team ever having seen his face.At twenty-seven, Tony Stark watched as the group of heroes turned against the government. He watched as they teamed up with a man formally known as James Buchanan Barnes, and destroyed the system. Steve Rogers had come to the conclusion that if the world he’d woken up in was no longer running as his original team had intended, then they would force it to run as they wanted. Systematically, the group started to take over government by government, country by country, until the last remaining hope was America itself. On the persistence of Rhodey, Pepper, and his friend Happy, Anthony Stark had gone into hiding. Of course, he’d brought them along. And soon, the group of vengeful heroes basically ran the planet. Rules and regulations were set, harsh punishments were set forth. Anyone with powers was required to step forward and work with the team of former heroes, or risk dying. One vigilante, whom had been running from the group, was young. Too young. Tony had been watching the happenings and had refused to roll over when it came to the young man. Using technology in the underground bunker developed to keep them set for several years, the genius figured out the kid’s identity. At twenty-eight, Iron Man had flown again. Ironically, Tony had flown out in the dead of night on his birthday. With the help of Rhodey, he had safely secured Peter and May Parker a ride to his bunker. They had not expected company. Rhodey had reluctantly taken the two family members away while Iron Man fought against the group of former heroes. JARVIS had deployed another suit when the one he wore started to get too damaged, started to stagger under the attacks. But he was still holding his own.There was a pause in the fight, as Hawkeye and Black Widow stepped back almost as if they were given orders. Tony had taken it as a moment to stumble from his breaking suit into the new one, freezing when he stepped out to come face to face with Steve Rogers himself. “Stark, I’ve been looking for you,” the man’s grin was anything but kind. Feral. With a curse that would have made his mother blush,
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Tony Feels
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Hurt Tony Stark
Top Steve Rogers
Top Bucky Barnes
Bottom Tony Stark
Insecure Tony
Protective Tony Stark
Dark Steve Rogers
Dark Avengers - Freeform
Evil Steve Rogers
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Alternate Universe
On the Run
Not Beta Read
Not Canon Compliant
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Tony Angst
Hurt Peter Parker
Precious Peter Parker
Protective Peter Parker
Tony is Younger
Stockholm Syndrome
Psychological Trauma
Psychological Torture
dubcon

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team

