Work Text:
He wasn’t even Spider-Man when they took him.He was just Peter Parker. Hell, he was walking home from school. He’d just shoved in his dollar store earbuds and set his entire playlist on shuffle, fading into the background as hundreds of other people swarmed through the New York streets. Every once in a while, he’d take a bouncier step in time with a song’s beat. Otherwise, he was just a teenage kid lost in the crowd.He should’ve been paying more attention. He should’ve been watching.But, like he said, he was just Peter Parker. Danger didn’t register in his universe. No, that kind of stuff belonged to Spider-Man. That belonged to the heroes.He was passing by a hole-in-the-wall bodega when something snagged the hood of his jacket. He didn’t even process what was happening until his back hit the cold brick of the side alley and a wet cloth was pressed over his face.The first two breaths were instinctual, and they cost him. If he’d been more in the moment, he might have had the awareness to hold his breath. But, because Parker luck is the worst luck, he gasped in two lungfuls of the sickly-sweet chemical and instantly felt his head spin. By the time he got his rapidly weakening muscles into fight mode, he was already on his knees.He was distantly aware of someone catching his unresponsive body as his vision flickered and blipped. As the fear faded along with his consciousness, he tried to imagine that the hands carefully lowering his head to the ground belonged to May, or Mister Stark, and not to some nebulous villain that his vision was too wobbly to even focus on.The last thing that registered before the darkness claimed him was a brief surge of it’ll be okay, Mister Stark’ll find me.And then there was nothing.--He was in a meeting when the first call came in.He ignored it. And then he ignored the second, and the third, and the fourth.It was when the fifth set of vibrations started that he politely excused himself into the hall, slamming his thumb down on the receiving button with no small amount of exasperation.“This is Stark.”A breath chuckled across the line. “I have something that belongs to you.”Tony had to physically force himself not to roll his eyes. Nobody was ever original. He prepared to hang up but decided to humor the caller for another few seconds. The meeting had been boring as hell, anyway. “Oh?”“He’s very pretty when he’s sleeping.”That stilled Tony’s hand. He. As in, this person had… another person? Please let him be bluffing. “Who is?”There was a rustle on the line, the sound of creaking wood, and then a chuckle. “Peter Parker, isn’t it? At least, that’s what his student ID says. Midtown School of Science and Technology. Very selective, are they not? He must be an exceptionally clever boy. No wonder you like him.”Time froze. For a moment, he hovered in denial. No. Peter was home. Eating dinner, getting ready to go out on patrol so that Tony and May could spend their nights watching his vitals and worrying. The kid was off limits. Peter didn’t get hurt, Peter didn’t get kidnapped, Peter didn’t do anything other than just… be Peter.After the suspension came the fury. Peter was under his protection, and somebody had touched him. Somebody had touched him and hurt him and taken him.If there was something that Tony Stark hated more than anything else, it was people taking the things that belonged to him.And Peter Parker was his.(He’d talk about the broad-sweeping implications of that particular thought with his therapist later.)“I swear to God,” he hissed, grip tightening around the StarkPhone pressed into his palm, “if even a single one of that kid’s curls are out of place, I will tear you to fucking pieces. Are we understood?”“Oh, I haven’t hurt him.” There was a sick sort of glee shining through the line, as if the man on the other end was having the time of his life. “He’s just taking a little nap. I even gave him a comfortable place to rest. So comfortable that I imagine it could even act as his final resting place.”
Final resting place. Final resting place. Finalrestingplace. 

No. No, no, no, no, no.
If Peter died, Tony would… Tony would die, too. He knew it. He knew it deep in his bones. “What do you want?”“A game.”“A-A what?”“A game, Mister Stark. I quite enjoy games, don’t you?”He grit his teeth. “Obviously not the same games as you.”“Oh, but isn’t it all so thrilling?” Tony could practically see the other man rubbing his hands together. He was enjoying this. He knew that he had caught the great Iron Man on a string. “The best games are the ones with the highest stakes. And in this, Mister Stark, the stakes are truly the highest they can ever be. Is there nothing more thrilling than the wager of your child? Tell me,” there was a pause, and another creak of wood, “what will you do to save him?”Tony had already sent out distress signals to Rhodey, Happy, and Pepper. F.R.I.D.A.Y. was scrambling to track the signal, but it wasn’t going well. Terror, true and vivid, pooled in his g
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
yo lets all get together and celebrate my babe parkrstark
Buried Alive
suffocation
Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Fluff and Angst
Sleepy Peter Parker
I mean come on
IT'S ME
mention of interwebs
Kidnapping
basically Peter gets buried alive
he doesn't have a lot of fun tbh

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark

