Chapter 1: School
    




Chapter Text

School

Peter didn’t like going home.

 

After today’s session with Lila, he’d felt a little better. More confident that he could repair things with MJ. He felt lighter.

 

But the closer he got to the apartment in Queens, the more heavier he felt. It was always like this now, no matter his mood, the thought of buzzing in and not getting an answer, or when he did get an answer the door was locked and he’d have to go around into the bar next door to get to the alley through the back to sneak through the fire escape into his room. He’d given up buzzing a while ago and just always kept the door to his room locked now and didn’t waste any time trying to get in normally.

 

He still had some Physics notes he needed to study and a whole analysis of act 3 in Macbeth to finish. God he hated those things, he’d gotten some done with Lila, but then their study session had turned into a baking session and he didn’t get as much as he needed to done. 

 

He’d start with Macbeth, since that was the class he had with MJ tomorrow, and he 

would

 be prepared if she called him out again. Something tightened in his chest at the thought of her doing it again. It hurt.

 

He was an hour into his work, nearly done with the analysis, just a few more lines and he’d be good. But there was a heavy knocking on his door, it seemed more like pounding. He looked at his alarm clock, it read 11:48pm. 

 

Not even midnight and he’s drunk.

 

“Hey you little shit!” he heard on the other end. Peter ran through things he did in his mind. Something he forgot? He’d paid the bills, and stocked the home with food just four days ago. Well stocked was a bit of a stretch, more like bought some fruit and granola bars and milk from the store, but that was enough for him. He never really ate at home anyway. Ben too, he was always out. “You forgot to do the dishes!”

 


Shit

.

 

Ben only ever asked him to clean up if he was gonna have guests over. And he’d make Peter clean even 

while

 the guests were over, if he wasn’t finished. He didn’t like Ben’s new friends. They drunk and played poker and called him names if he walked by. Sometimes slapped his butt as he passed and laughed. It made Peter really uncomfortable, but the worst part was, Ben would usually be the worst of the name calling. Harshest and he encouraged them to do so. 

 

“Get your ass out of your room and do something 

useful

 with your senseless life.” Ben banged the door one last time and Peter sighed and got up. Peter liked to finish cleaning 

before

 they came anyway, but he estimated he had about 30 minutes before they did.

 
Plenty of time. Right?
 

Wrong.

 

He ended up needing to pick up Ben’s beer bottles and it was a while before he got them all into a trash bag and the poker set up and the dishes- didn’t they use paper plates why were they so many? But then literally a minute before they arrived Ben smashed a bottle of beer he was drinking on the ground, cursing Peter to clean up the fucking mess. It was near the kitchen table where about 4 other equally drunk men were now situating themselves.

 


Stupid Parker Luck.


 

Peter ducked his head as he quietly swept up the pieces.

 

“God could he go any slower?” a man in a red shirt asked in a slur.

 

“’s probably too dumb to go ‘ny faster.” another said and that brought up a laugh from the first dude.

 

“Probably too dumb to drink any slower.” Peter mumbled and he’d hoped Ben didn’t hear. Of course he heard. He picked Peter up by the back of his T-shirt, making him spill the glass back on the floor.

 

“Little retarded 

freak

.” he said in his face, breath heavy with alcohol “Jus’ don’ know when to 

shut up

.” 

 

“Doesn’t know when’ta close his trap.” said another guy leaning in the back of his chair taking a gulp of his beer bottle.

 

“Nah, Gary. He jus’ talks and talks and it’s 

so

 annoying.” they kept at it a little longer, and Peter couldn’t help but feel his self-esteem diminish. Why’d they have to pick on him? He wasn’t doing anything wrong. Except maybe talk out, but honestly he mumbled it to himself.

 


“I can make your life hell.”


 

He wondered how Mr.Stark could ever make 

this

 worse.

 


“Loser!” a kid taunted a 7 year-old Peter Parker at the playground at after school pick up“Can’t even get up the monkey bars.” Peter was a skinny kid, with skinny arms. He was smart not athletic. He thought fast, but moved slow. He looked down at his shoes.


 


“Well son, I don’t think you can get as high a grade as Peter.” Peter snapped up to look at his Uncle Ben, who was standing at the gates smiling and leaning against the wall. “Come on Pete.” he called and Peter jogged over. 


 


They walked home and that’s when Peter let out a whimper.


 


“Why does he have to be so mean? I didn’t do anything wrong.” Peter asked quietly and his uncle put a hand on his shoulder as they kept walking.


 


“Sometime  Pete, people pick on others because 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Avenger team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Some Comfort
Angst
Peter Parker Has Issues
he really needs help
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Domestic Avengers
parental figures
They try to help
Starvation
Food Issues
Insomnia
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Parties
Peter being a good child
Bullies
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
5+1 Things
Poverty

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Avenger team
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

