Chapter 1: Timshel | The Wedding
    


Summary:

Cold is the water, it freezes your already cold mindDeath is at your doorstep, and it will steal your innocenceBut it will not steal your substance



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
  A vulgar, sharp knock at your bedchamber door distracts you from the simple, three syllable mantra repeating in your head: Do not cry.  You simply refuse to cry on your wedding day. And as the door opens to reveal an aged nurse, you swallow the tears back. “M’lady,” she formally curtsies and greets you with a warm smile on her face.  You acknowledge the woman with a slight nod and even smaller frown. The type of frown that is typical of your home: empty and cold, like the ruined castles and Old Gods themselves. Sitting in front of the vanity, you fidget stiffly in your gown, ignoring the way the corset pulls tightly on your ribs.  As the woman tepidly makes her way over, delight surges through your veins when she ungracefully steps on the hearth. Clearly, she’s not a true Æsir. She’s probably nothing more than a well-bred Asgardian, plucked right from the streets. After all, a traitor’s daughter is not worthy of a proper handmaiden, regardless of her betrothed. And soon your harsh judgement against the woman, your glee for her limitations, your vapid hate, retreats. It’s not her fault you’re here. She is probably in a situation much like yours, forced and coerced into a position that persuades her to serve. Why would she want to care for you? There is nothing to be gained by being your nurse. They all know the truth. You are the daughter of the most hated person in Asgard. And regardless of your royal blood, you are solely a pawn.  The woman stands behind you, lightly resting her wrinkled hands on your shoulders. “Are you nervous, M’lady?” Her aged, raspy voice asks, oblivious to the emptiness within your eyes. “Of course not, I love the Prince,” You lie with a dry mouth, praying that the woman cannot hear the emptiness that seeps out. A similar lie spews from her mouth, “And that Asgardian loves you.” “Asgardian… or Jötunn?” You implicate defiantly, staring at the woman through the foggy mirror with a spiteful smirk on your face. This sneer isn’t like Vanaheim or the cold, this is laced with stubbornness and resistance that sprouts from deep within your soul. The nurse’s smile falters, the corners of her grin falling ever so slightly as her hands move to your hair. Pulling roughly on the ends, she changes the subject. “You have such beautiful hair. I am tempted to style it in the Asgardian fashion.” Your heart plummets as the woman begins to pile the strands in a foreign way; being stripped of your dignity, heritage, and family all over again. Then the woman sighs, letting your hair drop. “But the Vanaheim braids look so proper on you. After all, you look exactly like your father.” And with that small statement, your calm and collected demeanor shatters like the remnants of the heart that once resided in your chest. How dare she talk about him. He is yours, the last remnant of your past that meant something. You both sit in silence as the woman deftly braids your hair in the formal Vanir style and hums a faintly familiar tune. And you wish. Wish that the song wasn't familiar. Wish that you aren’t becoming like them. You wish the past could envelope you and shield you from this... satire. You wish your mother was here. Stop. Wipe the thoughts of them from your memory. It’ll be easier that way. “Please stop,” You whisper, letting your eyelids flutter shut as a last defense to keep tears away. The woman quiets, finishing your hair. “Did your mother tell you what to expect for tonight?” Something changes inside you. It makes you snap, “I do not have a mother.” “Not anymore,” she says, taking a pin from the apron tied around her waist. “Do not expect too much. Even if his rumored reputation is true. A woman’s first time is never pleasant.” “What makes you think it will be my first time?” You challenge, holding your chin high. When putting the pin in your hair, the woman pricks your scalp, making you wince slightly. “You have a sharp tongue, M’lady. One that is best to be dulled,” she warns. The nurse reaches for your hand and pulls you to your feet, flaming the fires within you. Touching you as if it is allowed, as if she’s there to be your confidant. Your second mother. The truth is simple though, you’re alone and she cannot make you feel otherwise. Alone and, yet, formidable. The lady goes back to humming the dreadful tune from earlier, only making your resolve stronger. You clench your fists to fight the temper that is sure to exude from your being. The woman pulls a golden veil over your head then grabs your clamped hands, “Remember who the real enemy is, my dear.” Your gaze snaps to the woman’s eyes, shocked to find her creased eyes are colored like your own. Before compassion could take hold, you pull away, pivoting to lo
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

freeform: 
Marriage of Convenience
Female Reader
Debauchery
Angst
Smut
Eventual Feelings
Reader Instert
Blow Jobs
Loss of Virginity
Loki Feels
Infidelity
Drama
Reader is Aesir
Vanaheim
hostage
Reader is Royalty
Loki is a shit
And at times abusive
But he feeeeeels
Forced Marriage
Non Con if you squint for a bit
Vaginal Sex
Fingering
Enemies to Lovers
no y/n
or any personals
NO rape
Minor Character Death
Jötunn Loki
Slow Burn
Political Alliances

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Reader

