Chapter 1: A Situation to Address
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Steve couldn’t understand why he seemed to be the only person that saw it. Granted, Tony was good at hiding it, but if you paid even a little attention it became obvious that Tony wasn’t doing well tonight.Steve might also have the benefit of being the only person who wasn’t constantly occupied with schmoozing elite donors at this event, which gave him more than enough time to track the movements of his teammates. If he spent a little more time watching Tony than everyone else? Well, Steve didn’t see why that was anyone else’s business.At the moment, Steve’s analysis of Tony’s body language told him trouble was brewing. He didn’t have any first-hand knowledge of Tony to convince himself he was right without beyond all doubts, but he had a hunch.Tony was speaking to two men. One of whom Steve recognized as an army general who made it a point to seek Tony out at every event they both attended. As a general, held himself with the rigid discipline of a career military man; even if Steve didn’t recognize him, it would have been easy to tell he was in the service.His counterpart, on the other hand, Steve did not recognize. That in itself was odd. Steve made it a point to catalog as many faces and names as possible at these events. He’d been to three of these fundraisers since the Battle of New York, and he recognized most of the guests in some respect by now. Especially those who frequently spoke to Tony because, well. He had his reasons.Not recognizing someone was strange enough, but the longer the two men spoke with — or, more accurately at — Tony, the more convinced Steve was that the conversation was unwanted, at least on Tony’s part.The first clue was that Tony was actively leaning away from the men he was talking to. Steve had learned firsthand that Tony was an incredibly tactile person. When he wanted to talk to you, Tony engaged completely; he’d sling his arm around your shoulders, squeeze your arm, or drag you around as he talked, walked, and usually did at least two other things.Even when he argued, Tony was often immediate and in his opponent's space. Steve knew that from experience, too.Right now? Tony was scanning the outskirts of the room rather than making eye contact with the men near him. If Steve had to guess, Tony was looking for the nearest exit. That was cause enough for concern.Out of all the Avengers, Tony was the most comfortable in these social settings. If he was looking for an exit, that meant things were bad.More than that, though, Tony’s jaw was clenched tighter than could be considered healthy or normal. He had one hand wrapped around an almost empty glass, but the other was clenched in a fist.As Steve watched, Tony held up his glass and made a motion toward the bar, clearly indicating he wanted to slip away. Unfortunately, the men didn’t seem to get the message that he wanted them to let him go alone and trailed behind him.Steve was hesitant to step in. Not only would it expose the fact that Steve had been watching Tony, closely, but it would also expose Tony in a way he might not want.Steve watched Tony walk without his usual confidence and swagger toward the bar and saw the way Tony was breathing: jagged and disjointed. When he reached the bar, Tony squeezed the countertop as if it could ground him.Even when Steve could only see the back of Tony’s head, he knew Tony wasn’t okay. Steve was three steps closer to Tony before he even realized he was moving. He wasn’t entirely certain what his plan was when he reached the group standing next to the bar.Tony turned away from the bar to face the other two men again. He had a fake smile plastered on his face. He still hadn’t noticed Steve was on his way over.Steve saw the exact moment when Tony spotted him. His eyes widened and his smile became somehow more panicked, the tension stretching up from the tightness of his jaw to the lines around eyes. Steve wasn’t sure what to make of that, but he wasn’t about to change course.When Steve finally reached the group, Tony’s mouth snapped shut. Apparently whatever he’d been about to say wasn’t going to work anymore. Steve tried not to think about that much. Instead, he addressed the two gentlemen, aiming for a tone he hoped was professional and slightly apologetic.“Excuse me, gentlemen,” Steve said, tipping his head at them both. Then he focused his gaze on Tony. “Sorry to interrupt, but I need to speak with Mr. Stark.”Steve knew how to make people listen and how to convey a sense of urgency, even when there might not be one. It was one of the few things that came with his assumed rank that he’d adjusted to quickly. Tony’s eyes held questions Steve didn’t have answers to. He seemed more… not relaxed, but focused.“Is everything alright?”“Yes, fine,” Steve replied evenly. “There’s just a situation we need to address. If you can step away?”Steve really hoped Tony saw what he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Past Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Anxiety
Panic Attacks
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Post-Serum Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark Friendship
Friends to Lovers
Getting Together
Major Character Injury
Blood and Injury
Serious Injuries
Happy Ending
First Kiss
The Avengers (2012) Compliant
Post-Iron Man 3
Pre-Thor: The Dark World
Avengers Tower
Domestic Avengers
Avengers Movie Night
Team as Family
Team Dynamics
Avengers Family
Steve Rogers is a tactical genius
Tony will fight anyone who says otherwise
thank you very much

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

