Work Text:
Steve spends months tracking Bucky down, and when he eventually finds him, it's in a nightclub in Europe.Bucky is completely wasted, having apparently spiraled into drinking and debauchery once freed from Hydra. The thing is, Bucky has never seemed more like himself than when he's totally sloshed. He's flirty and snarky and biting his lips 'til they're red as communism. A sour taste fills Steve's mouth at the sight of Bucky flirting with every passing stranger. 
 And then Bucky starts dancing. 
Jason Derulo's "Talk Dirty" booms over the speakers, and the light is dim and smoky in the nightclub, but Steve can see Bucky dancing clear as day-- the twist of his hips, the roll of his body, the sharp line of his throat. Watching Bucky dance is torture of the sweetest kind.He starts grinding on people, men and women alike, hair falling in his eyes as he practically gets fucked on the dance floor. Bucky's shirt is much too thin to even be considered a shirt, and really it's just indecent, riding up with each thrust, and Steve can't take any more of it, because there are hands all over Bucky's body that don't belong there, and Steve feels the desire-- the need-- to protect Bucky, to claim Bucky as his own.He pushes roughly through the crowd, and suddenly Bucky and Steve are face to face. He knows Bucky recognizes him, at least as the "man on the bridge" if not as "Captain America."But Bucky doesn't run-- he doesn't falter for a second-- just keeps on dancing, and grinding his filthy hips to the sound of a saxophone warbling from the speakers. Steve all but body throws away the man Bucky is currently grinding on, and immediately takes his place, crowding close behind Bucky, as they both move in rhythm to the pounding music. Steve digs his fingers into Bucky's hips, possessive and just on the edge of painful, and buries his face is in Bucky's neck, desperately breathing in his scent and cataloguing every detail, lips barely grazing Bucky's skin. Bucky winds one hand around, burrowing his fingers in Steve's hair to drag him closer, urging Steve to lick, to taste, to touch his skin. Steve can barely breathe, completely engulfed in everything Bucky. He glances up to see Bucky's spit-slicked lips parted in a sinful "O" as he gasps raggedly, eyes fluttered shut, Adam's apple bobbing with a shaky swallow. Steve watches everything greedily. By now, Steve is more than hard, his pants ridiculously confining and slightly painful. He wants to fuck Bucky, or have Bucky fuck him, he's not really sure-- just knows that he wants everything Bucky will give him.In a stroke of boldness, Steve mouths at Bucky's neck, tongue swiping out to hotly trace his thundering pulse, before scraping the tender skin gently with his teeth. He can feel Bucky gasp at the sensation-- feel, not hear, as the music is much too loud-- and Bucky's fingers tighten in Steve's hair. Steve notices vaguely that Bucky isn't touching him with his left-- metal-- arm, which is currently clothed in a long-sleeved shirt and glove, so as to remain less conspicuous. Steve smirks into Bucky's neck. As if Bucky could ever be inconspicuous, with his cherry-bitten porn star lips and fuck-me-now bedroom eyes. And then, Bucky rolls his hips in the most filthy way, and yeah, they need to take this somewhere else immediately because Steve might just throw caution to the wind and fuck Bucky right on the dance floor. Bucky appears to feel the same way, as he quickly drags Steve out of the crowd, fingers pulling at Steve’s belt-loops.“Where are we going?” Steve manages to say, his voice low and gritty with arousal. Bucky just smirks, leading them to a bathroom door labeled “Handicapped.” Any other day, Steve would be appalled at the thought of fucking in a bathroom, especially one that might be really needed by those with physical handicaps—but at this current moment, a dirty nightclub bathroom sounded like the sexiest place ever because of who he’d be fucking—Bucky.No sooner had Steve locked the door, did Bucky crowd him against the wall, and drop to his knees, fingers making quick work of Steve’s belt buckle and zipper, pulling down his pants just enough to free Steve’s cock from the confines of his jeans.The look on Bucky’s face is primal and hungry, eyes nearly black with lust, as he surveys Steve’s cock, mouth practically watering at the sight.“Jesus fuck,” Steve chokes out, because Bucky leans forward and promptly swallows his cock in one go, nose brushing against the wiry hairs on Steve’s pelvis. Steve grits his teeth, hands burrowing into Bucky’s hair—Bucky’s mouth is hot and warm and depraved and engulfing and Steve can’t even remember his own fucking name. With a jealous roll in his stomach, Steve realizes that Bucky could only get this good from experience.Bucky bobs his head, licking and sucking at Steve’s dick like it’s a goddamn lollipop, his lips stretched and obscenely red and oh so fuckable.“Fuck, you’re pretty,” Steve breathes, intently worshipping Bucky
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Wall Sex
Anal Sex
Shameless Smut
Fingerfucking

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

