Work Text:

Watching Tony in action always reminded Steve of watching a perfectly choreographed and performed ballet at the most prestigious theater in the world.


It never failed to take his breath away.


Of course, Tony Stark was used to performing, and in many different ways; he was a businessman, which meant sweeping around ballrooms and charity events and boardrooms and dazzling everyone important or rich in sight until they forgot what they had been arguing for and just decided to give him whatever he wanted. He was an Avenger, which meant flying through the sky and sweeping villains of their feet and shooting jets of pure destruction from his palms as quickly as he was able to scoop up a crying child with hands more gentle than anything else in the chaotic world they lived in and fly them to safety. He was an engineer, and lord knew that Steven Grant Rogers could, would, and has spent countless hours simply sitting and watching him work, content with or without a sketchbook in his hands, watching sparks fly and metal come to life and creation in its diluted form. It was amazing.


And of course, there was the way he performed in the bedroom, but even excluding that he left Steve breathless.


Tony Stark was a performer (point in fact, he’d once confessed that his mother had actually made him take a ballet class for several years, but Steve had yet to convince him to do a private show) and Steve loved watching it.


“He’s such a sight, isn’t he?” Bucky sighed, taking a drink from his glass in a motion that he somehow made seem both rugged and elegant at the same time. Metal fingers glimmered and shined from the reflection of shimmering alcohol. “Give me our doll dancing over the sunrise on Everest any day of the week.”


Steve smiled - Bucky liked to insist that he wasn't a good speaker but Bucky was a liar - and hummed his agreement, eyes turning back to the dance floor just as Tony’s delighted laughter floated above the delicate string music and reached them.


Currently, Tony was dancing with a woman in a sweeping azure blue dress who Steve knew was very powerful - he couldn't remember if she was the CEO with total economic control over half of South East Asia or the president of a European nation - and looking completely entranced by Tony. His hand was resting appropriately high on her waist, her hand was curled around his shoulder, and they were sweeping elegantly across the floor together, the rapid movements of their lips suggesting an engaging conversation to go along with their dancing expertise.


“The best part, though,” Bucky continued, his voice now steeped much lower, and much quieter - the kind of quiet that gave away that he was speaking so that only another person with super-solider enhanced hearing could make out - as he took another sip from his drink, “is knowing that he’s coming home with us.”


Steve’s smile grew into a beam that was a little sharper than most people would bother to notice on Captain America’s face and he turned to clink his glass against Bucky’s in a toast to that.


***


And oh, how right Bucky was.


“So good, doll,” the other soldier is moaning exuberantly a little more than an hour and a half later as they ascended story after story in the Avengers Tower elevator to Tony’s penthouse - their penthouse now, actually. Steve calmly keeps his hands in his trouser pockets, his posture relaxed and unconcerned, but his seemingly innocent stance is sold out by how focused he kept his eyesight on the mirror-doors of the elevator.


If there is anything better than watching Tony, Steve decides to himself, it’s watching Tony and Bucky perform together.


Currently, Bucky looks quite like he was trying to audition for the role of the bear in the Revenant 2 by the way he was utterly mauling Tony. Not, of course, that the smaller man isn’t quite clearly going out of his mind with enjoyment at the treatment from the way his own moans and squeals are echoing and bouncing around the small, enclosed space.


This is why Avengers Tower has two private elevators, and this is why the others always, without fail, pile into the other while Steve, Bucky, and Tony got one all to themselves.


“You were so fucking good, my perfect little doll,” Bucky continues, hips fluxing fluidly as he tries to push Tony even further against the wall - Tony, who is already off the ground from Bucky’s closeness, held up by the hands gripping his ass and not by any actual contact with the ground. “Didn’t see you falter a single fucking step, not all night, baby,” Bucky groans heavily, and Tony moans in response, and Steve can hardly see any PART of the billionaire by how well he’s hidden by Bucky’s imposing form. “So fucking good for me and Stevie, baby, aren’t you? Aren’t you fucking perfect, doll? So fucking perfect.”


Tony’s legs fly up and wrap around Bucky’s waist, heels digging into the small of his back. Another groan is pulled from his lips - definitely from the new angle, Steve thinks, and
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Threesome - M/M/M
Polyamory
Anal Gaping
Sex Toys
Anal Plug
Exhibitionism
Voyeurism
Voyeur Steve Rogers
Sex Toys Under Clothing
Anal Sex
Dirty Talk
Pet Names
Strength Kink
Bottom Tony Stark
Top Bucky Barnes
Top Steve Rogers
Large Cock
Light Dom/sub

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

