Work Text:
The only word that comes to Peter’s mind as Mr. Stark starts to walk towards him with a very pissed off look on his face and his Angry Alpha ™️ pheromones swarming the air all around them was 'fuck'.He wasn’t afraid of the man, per see. He trusted Tony with his life, and he knew that the billionaire would never lay a finger on him regardless of the situation. No, he wasn’t scared, but he was fucking dying to get down on his knees and beg for forgiveness. Now that was, indeed, a problem. His inner omega had no reason whatsoever to act like Mr. Stark was his alpha and urge him to bare his neck to the man, but apparently, logic wasn’t on his side this time (and his obvious crush on a man thirty years older than him and his mentor didn’t help the situation much either). He instinctively took a step backwards for every step forwards that Tony took, and a whine escaped from between his lips before he could hold it back. Tony’s eyes were narrowed and his gaze was burning with fury as he kept walking, ignoring him. “I did listen kid. Who do you think called the FBI, huh? Did you know that i’m the only one who believed in you? Everyone else said i was crazy to recruit a fourteen year old kid.” Peter tried to fight his stupid omega instincts back and forced himself to speak. “I’m fifteen.” He whispered, and yeah, so much for standing up for himself. “No, this is where you zip it, okay!? The adult is talking. What if somebody had died tonight? Different story, right? Cause that’s on you.” Mr. Stark’s tone had been severe and extremely pissed off up until then, but it changed to a more soft and almost broken one when he continued. “And if you died, I feel like that’s on me. I don’t need that on my conscience.” Peter felt like the worst human alive. His skin was tight and uncomfortable around him and he could hear his heartbeat in his ears. He tried to swallow the huge lump that had settled itself inside his throat to try and apologize, at least. “Yes, sir.” It came out as like a whimper, and Peter found himself lowering his gaze and baring his neck to the alpha at the same time, he couldn’t help it. “Yes.” He said in a low growl, making Peter’s stomach turn with something he recognized as arousal. No, please. Not now. “I’m sorry.” Peter was so close to bursting into tears he felt sick. And the arousal he was feeling only grew, because Mr. Stark looked so good while mad, and Peter’s omega was almost crying with the need to be claimed by him. “Sorry doesn’t cut it.” Tony was closer to him now, so much closer, and his eyes had taken a different glint to them. He seemed almost… predatory. Peter lost it. “I’m sorry, Alpha. Please. I’m sorry.” Tears slid down his cheeks, and he shut them, screwing up his whole face as he sobbed. He’s disappointed. He’s not pleased with you. You made him mad, and now he hates you. You’re worthless. “Hey. Peter, hey. It’s alright. I’m no longer mad. It’s alright, sweetheart, don’t cry.” Mr. Stark reached out to him before wrapping him up in his arms, his inner alpha clearly reacting to an omega in distress. Peter hid his face in the alpha’s strong chest, still too upset to react properly. “Shhh. You’re okay. I’m proud of you, sweetheart. I shouldn’t have yelled at you like that. You did good today. I’m sorry.” Tony run his hand up and down the omega’s back in a soothing motion. “R-really? You’re not mad?” Peter was preening at the praise, but he also had to make sure Mr. Stark really wasn’t mad anymore. “No, Peter. The only reason i got mad in the first place was because i was worried sick about you. You can’t go around putting yourself in dangerous situations like that. I tried to keep calm by telling myself that you’ve got superpowers and could take care of yourself but I’ve never been good at controlling my inner alpha at all.” And yeah, Tony’s explanation made a lot of sense, but did that meant he returned Peter’s feelings? If his instincts reacted that way about Peter’s well-being, it could only mean one thing. “Your inner alpha, sir? Does that mean…” “Yes, Peter.” He interrumpted the kid before he could finish that thought. “I guess there’s no denying it now, huh? But don’t worry, i won’t try anything. I know this is probably creeping you out, so. I’ll see you around, I guess. You can swing by the Tower anytime, if you still want to, that is. Sorry.” The man laughed self deprecatingly and turned around to return to his waiting Iron Man suit. Peter stood there in complete shock for approximately five seconds, and then his mind registered what he’d been told and he began to run after the alpha. If Mr. Stark really returned his feelings, then nothing was gonna stop Peter from getting the man he’s been wanting since he first knew what it was to want someone. “Mr. Stark, wait!” He called out, watching as the man turned around with an inquisitive look. “Don’t leave! I’m not creeped out, i mean, i don’t know why should i, i think you’re pretty great and i hmm, i like you?” How he mana
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Mating
Alpha Tony
Omega Peter
Plot What Plot/Porn Without Plot
Possessive Behavior
Anal Sex
Rimming
just porn basically
you know me

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

