Chapter 1





Chapter Text

Stephen watched Tony work over the top of his book. He was comfortably positioned on a sofa in the main lab in the Avengers Compound. As per usual Tony was working his ass off at a table nearby. Since Stephen had joined the New Avengers, kind of after all he still had his duties as sorcerer supreme but he helped out and joined in for the exercises, but he wasn’t really a member, Tony and he had become close friends. It had started with just the occasional meeting at the compound, then joining in on game nights, then hanging out together outside of the exercises, then, little by little, they had opened up to each other. It was refreshing to have someone to talk to about science considering that wasn’t exactly Wong’s forte. To talk to someone who had also experienced pain the way Stephen had. Chronic pain wasn’t exactly a common talking point among many. But Tony understood Stephen and Stephen understood Tony. When the magic world was having a quiet day Stephen would portal to the lab and he and Tony would just enjoy one another’s company. Maybe Stephen was enjoying it a little more than he should but that didn’t matter. Stephen checked the time. The Rogue Avengers would be arriving in 30 minutes, fully pardoned in all their assholey glory, Stephen was fantasising about giving Rogers the shit he deserved. But alas, he couldn’t, not in the way he wanted to anyway. 


“It’s almost time Tony.” Said Stephen softly. Tony froze at the words for a full second before continuing his work.


“Well, it isn’t required that any of us meet them so I guess everything is fine.” Tony’s voice was strained and Stephen could sense the panic building in the man. 


“I guess so.” Several more minutes passed in silence before Tony spoke.


“Are you sure the implant will work?” He turned to face Stephen, fingers gently tapping the Arc Reactor. “I’ve had enough of that witch in my mind, and having that out of the way will be a relief.” Stephen stood up, placed his book down on the cushion and moved over to the brunet. He narrowed his eyes slightly as a slightly shaky finger gently ran itself along the small, healing incision on Tony’s head. At the contact, Tony stiffened but slowly relaxed into the touch, as he normally did. 


“It should be fine, I did enchant it myself you know.” Stephen smiled, sliding his hands into the pockets of his jacket. “Besides as manager of all magic on Earth, I do have the option to limit her powers.” At the mention of magic, Tony rolled his eyes fondly, lip twitching slightly. This was their relationship, teasing, banter, silence, teasing, bragging, music, more teasing, and talking. There were soft footsteps down the flight of stairs leading to the lab, Tony turned startled at the sound, he then relaxed though at the sight of Hope entering the lab. 


“Hey Tony, Stephen.” She walked to where they were now standing. Leaning on the table littered with tools she continued. “Sadly, the 

others 

will be arriving shortly. The council thought at least one of us should meet with them as a show of good faith.” She snorted sceptically. “As if any 

good faith 

existed at this point. But since none of us is stupid I thought I should meet with them considering Carol is out with Rhodes doing god knows what, we don’t exactly want the kids near them alone, Thor, Bruce, and Loki are dealing with Asgardians which is understandable considering their recent arrival, and sorry Stephen but I’m probably the least likely to tear them limb from limb out of the two of us.” She sighed adding “I haven’t ruled it out though” under her breath. Tony nodded along, obviously grateful at the kindness.


“Will Vision be meeting them with you?” Tony asked, failing miserably at any attempt he was making to keep his voice calm. 


“He was indifferent so I guess he may or may not show up.” Hope shrugged. “Honestly, I think they should be grateful anyone is greeting them at all.” Tony smiled slightly at that.


‘Boss, they are here.’ 
FRIDAY said bitterly. Tony made an odd choking noise but Stephen took his hand and smiled comfortingly at him, which luckily seemed to calm Tony down slightly. Hope stood sighing,


“I’ll go meet them then.”


—


Hope walked stiffly up the stairs to the elevator, she really didn’t want to do this but no way was she making Tony greet those ungrateful bastards and Scott. To be honest, Hope had no idea how she felt about Scott, but that didn’t matter, there were more important Captain America shaped issues to deal with. Hope stood in front of the closed door to the main common area, she could already hear the voices on the other side, muffled by the walls. Hope sighed and put on an indifferent mask that she had gotten from being the daughter of Hank Pym and nodded to FRIDAY to open the door. 


Entering, all the conversation stopped, and she ignored the shocked look Scott was giving her, wide eyes, jaw hanging open, the whole lot, and stared icily at the group.


“Hello, we were exp
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

freeform: 
Reunion
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Cap bashing
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Not Ant-Man (2015) Compliant
Panic Attacks
Not A Fix-It
Nightmares
Not Steve Rogers Friendly
not wanda maximoff friendly
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Stephen is gonna give him one
Tony Stark Has Issues
Bisexual Tony Stark
Tony Stark favouritism
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Iron Man Mark 50
One-Sided Relationship
Which is the Wanda/Vision btw

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Scott Lang/Hope Van Dyne
Tony Stark & Hope Van Dyne
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Wanda Maximoff/Vision

