Chapter 1





Chapter Text
"Everyone, I have a very exciting announcement to make!" Called Mr. Payne. "The administration and I managed to get us a Field Trip to Stark Industries!"Peters heart plummeted even as the class the erupted into cheers. MJ didn't of course but there was slight look of interest on her face if you studied it hard enough. Ned was slapping his arm frantically."Dude, it sucks to be you, but I'm so excited!" He said ecstatically. Peter just groaned. The avengers were going to embarrass him so bad. "What's wrong Penis? Scared Stark won't recognize you?" Flash snarked, standing to grab a permission slip from Mr. Payne's desk."No, I'm scared he will." Peter complained to Ned as they walked over to the desk. Ned just clapped him on the shoulder. "Flash can't say you're lying anymore.""You think I could just not go?" Peter asked, staring down at the slip. Ned laughed. "Good luck with that. What? Are you gonna try to trick two genius (one of which is a doctor), two super soldiers, an android, two spy/assassins, an air force and national guard veteran, a witch, and a woman who has mother instincts?""I could try." "C'mon man. Just go. You don't know they're going to embarrass you.""Yes I do."Peter swung through the window and took off his mask. He sighed audibly as he stepped over to his desk and set down the identity concealer. Crime fighting was slow- which was good!- but Peter needed to blow off steam. The field trip was making him stressed and anxious. He deflated his suit and peeled out of it, pulling on pants and a shirt so he wouldn't just be in boxers. He guessed he could go down to the training room, but if Nat found out he was down there, she would come down too and suggest they spar and in Peter's book, blowing off steam was not getting your ass kicked by your aunt.Instead, Peter settled to start homework. He flopped down on his bed with a calculus book and set to work."Mr. Parker, Captain Rogers has requested you join them for dinner." FRIDAY chimed from the ceiling. "What are we having?" Peter asked."From the looks of it, spaghetti, Mr. Parker." She informed."Peter." He told her, looking at the ceiling. "Of course. Peter." The A.I said softly. If an A.I could sound soft. The neighborhood crime fighter liked to think she had a soft spot for him."Pete, catch!" A voice shouted out of nowhere. The teenager quickly reached out to where the voice was coming from -and where his spidey-sense was directing him- just in time to catch a mug."What was that for?!" Peter asked frantically.Clint just shrugged his shoulders from where he was perched on the back on the couch."What if I didn't catch it?" He questioned, an exasperated tone in his words."It would have broken." The archer answered simply. Natasha swatted Clint- "Ow!" He complained unnecessarily- "Clint, stop messing with him. Come on маленький паук ." The master assassin unfolded herself from where she was sitting with her legs bent beside her, an arm draped over the back of the couch.The trio made their way over to the kitchen where Steve was setting a large pot on the island dining table. Peter slipped into his seat and watched as Sam, Bruce, and Bucky walked into the room. There was chatter going around but all Peter could think about was if they found out about the field trip and all the ways it could go wrong and-"Peter? Hey, kid!" He snapped his head up with wide eyes, inhaling sharply though his nose. "You alright there kid? You spaced out." Tony. That was Tony. "Oh, Y-yeah. I'm- I'm fine." Peter could feel his face heating up. All of the avengers were staring at him with concerned looks."Ok, chatter box. You weren't being very chatty. Are you broken?" Clint teased, poking Peter in the side. "Tony!" He called over his shoulder. "Come fix him!"Peter slapped his hand away. "No. No, I think you just have to-" Sam tickled his sides quickly before escaping again. "There we go! He's fixed."Wanda was smiling at him in amusement, to which he just offered a sheepish smile back. Natasha grabbed a plate and piled it with spaghetti, and the teenager gave her a grateful smile she just had on her signature smirk. Dinner went by without any mishaps. No one knew about the field trip, thank god. Bruce and Tony were talking about some science stuff, while Sam and Clint, Natasha and Wanda, and Steve and Bucky sat in their own little conversations. Vision had been conversing with him and Vision was weird but Peter liked him, when he excused himself to finish homework.It was almost finished, just a bit more tweaking. When Peter had been walking to his room, he came up with the idea to build something that could copy someone's signature. It wasn't hard for him to build it, in fact the hardest part was finding something with Pepper's signature on it. Yeah, she was the Pepper Potts but Peter figured she'd have the most overlooked name.The teens heart rate picked up when he heard a throat clear behind him. Swiftly, Peter slipped the signature copier into
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
It’s cringy
the last chapter specifically
its soooo bad
So Much Cringe

fandom: 
None
