Chapter 1: Raven's Aborted Dive
    


Summary:

In which Tony finds a curious Raven



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
If there was one thing Tony Stark hated it was seeing something broken but being unable to fix it. It was the closest thing to OCD he had. Just staring at something broken made his fingers twitch for a tool and his mind whirl with possibilities to fix it, to make it better. Honestly, it was annoying sometimes. The longest he had ever held out on trying to fix something was a day, by the time he had started his hands were shaking and he was sweating like a sinner in church. It was ridiculous. It also didn't stop at inanimate objects. No, Tony, despite what his degrees said, had a special flair for fixing people. For taking someone broken and putting them back together. Sure sometimes it backfired (a certain team of ungrateful superheroes turned terrorists comes to mind) but a lot of the time it was rewarding for both him and the person involved. A small but noticeable percentage of his company was made up of individuals like this, individuals who were fixed and bettered by Tony Stark. So it is no surprise to Tony that he veered off course during his patrol of the city when FRIDAY alerted him to a jumper on the Brooklyn Bridge. Sure any hero worth their salt would go to stop the jumper but the second the person was identified as an individual Tony was likely going to attempt to fix, Tony ordered, "Initiate Protocol: Stray Cat." The protocol would identify the person in question and create Tony a report on them before obtaining clothes, hygiene products, standard tech, and readying the guest room in the penthouse. As the Brooklyn Bridge came into sight the very first of the information FRIDAY had found popped up on Tony's HUD. His eyebrows rose as he read but he didn't stop.  After all, a person was a person...no matter how many government watch lists they were on. Tony came to a hover just off to the side of the raven-haired, pale-skinned woman who was edging toward the drop in front of her. Her face was a potent mixture of grief and anger and pain and honestly, Tony could already feel his tendencies kicking in. "Now what is a pretty lady like you doing in a place like this?" Tony asked, his helmet relaying the words with a slight mechanical edge. Instantly the woman jumped backward and pressed herself against the metal behind her, "Stay back!" "Whoah there. It's alright." Tony said, trying to be soothing. He retracted his helmet so the woman could see him, "You know bungee jumping off bridges usually requires the bungee to be fun." The woman frowned, "What?" Tony waved his hand at the drop, "You've not seen those crazy videos online? Of people bungee jumping off bridges and then just dangling? I'll be honest, I never really saw the appeal." The woman blinked several times before a scowl settled on her face, "I know what you're doing. I'm still jumping Stark." She snarled. "Now why would you want to do that?" Tony asked, not responding to the hostile tone. The woman took a shaky breath as she eyed the edge again, "I...I used to be something amazing. Something great. They took it from me! Left me like this! Worthless! I'm nothing now! Nothing!" She drew in in herself, "And he left me. Now that I'm not special he left me, let me be taken. I'm no good to anyone. When they took what made me me I lost my cause, lost the one I loved, the one who I had chosen over my own brother." Her voice was getting tighter, "I just...I'm done." She stepped closer to the edge, "I just want to be done." "You don't have to be blue to be amazing Raven," Tony said gently. Her head whipped around to look at him, fear showing in her face now, "You know who I am?" "You are Raven or Mystique depending on the current company." Tony tilted his head, "Which do you prefer?" "Is that why you’re here?" She asked, "To take me in? Can't you just leave me alone? I won't take up a prison cell like this!" She cried almost hysterically. "Easy, I'm not taking you to the police. I was actually thinking about the tower." Tony said. "Why?" She asked, her eyes hardened, "To study me?" She snarled. Tony lifted his hands as much as he was able without veering in the air, "Whoa there, I don't know if you've noticed but I'm an engineer. I don't do squishy sciences. Not if I can avoid it. So studying you is off the table." He gave her an open smile, "I was planning to just get some pizza." She blinked, "Pizza." She deadpanned.  Tony nodded seriously, "Pizza after Wednesday patrol is a tradition. Want to join me for some?" She looked at him as if he was insane before steeling herself and looking back at the edge, "No, I'm still jumping." Tony flew in front of her, "Come on. For me. I need a buddy." He extended a hand to her, she eyed it distrustfully, clenching and unclenching her hands at her sides, "Just pizza. And if you still want to jump after pizza...well...the tower is higher than t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Raven | Mystique & Tony Stark
Venom Symbiote & Tony Stark
Hela (Marvel) & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Fixes things
and people
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
not team Cap friendly
Civil War Team Iron Man
they'll show up a eventually so keep that in mind
still kinda salty over CW
Extremis Tony Stark
but its not a focus

fandom: 
Raven | Mystique & Tony Stark
Venom Symbiote & Tony Stark
Hela (Marvel) & Tony Stark

