Chapter 1: In Living Memory
    


Notes:
So we've been obsessed with this AU for the past four months, enjoy! <3

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
They never ask Lup about her brother. They ask “How are you liking the future?” and “What was it like during the war?” and she smiles her widest grin and says “I think it’s fuckin’ excellent” or “Pretty shit, honestly” because even when she’s lying through her teeth, she’s never been one for self-censorship.
But nobody asks her about Taako.
Captain America was always two people, she wants to scream. They’ve only got half her heart here in the future. The other half is frozen, his corpse somewhere at the bottom of a crevasse in the Alps.
They’re probably trying to be considerate. She has good hearing — she’s heard SHIELD agents and secretaries whispering about only a few months from the war, for her, and the poor dear, and she hates it. She’s a few months from the front, sure. A few months and she’s spitting mad. She gambled everything she had for everything she ever cared about (except for her brother) and the cost was the rest of her life. Loss of control over the story that got told after she was gone. Nobody expected her to be back. Neither did she.
Now she’s the face of Captain America and her brother is a sidekick. It doesn’t sit right with her.
Kravitz, of all people, is the first to ask. They’re at the Smithsonian a week before the Captain America exhibit opens. It’s sort of embarrassing. The curators came to her, hat in hand, and said they’d been planning the exhibit for nearly a year, now, but since she’s back back it seems rather gauche, and if she wants, they’ll tear the whole thing down. But, they said sheepishly, if she wouldn’t mind, they could switch out “CAPTAIN AMERICA’S HEROIC DEATH” for “REBIRTH, AND THE BATTLE OF NEW YORK.”
The curators had looked so sad. so she gave them the green-light. Honestly, her new team needed all the good press it could get. But she still wanted a chance to give the last sign-off before the exhibit opened. So, here she is, a week before the CAPTAIN AMERICA: REBIRTH exhibit opens at the Air and Space Museum, Kravitz trailing her like a shadow.
He’d shown up out of nowhere while she was killing her bike’s ignition. “Protection detail,” he’d said, and the set of his mouth looked maybe like he was joking. Maybe he just wanted her to have some company.
Kravitz is hard to read. Lup thinks maybe spies are just like that — she remembers talking with members of the S.S.R. during the war, thinks about the way she can’t read the Director’s expressions half the time, the way the SHIELD agents talk through hushed tones and meaningful glances around her. She’s getting awfully tired of the slippery bastards after the last couple years. Kravitz is okay, though. His sense of humor reminds her of Taako’s — and that’s a train of thought she doesn’t want to examine too closely.
Taako has been dead for two years. Taako has been dead for seven decades. It really depends how you count it.
Her brother is dead and Lup’s a whole lifetime into the future. It’s a brave new world out there and she’s trying not to think about it too hard. She gets the feeling that if she starts thinking, she won’t ever stop, and she’s the only Captain America the new century’s got so she can’t afford to be out of commission.
Lup and Kravitz wander through the exhibition. It’s really tasteful, all nicely spot-lit with little blurbs pasted on next to the stuff on display. She’s gotta hand it to the Smithsonian folks, but it’s still weird seeing her history dissected. She stares at the ephemera of her life, laid out on display, and it makes her feel some sort of something. They’ve got all the stuff from when the brass had her working as a showgirl, selling war bonds with the USO. And that’s the jacket she thought she lost in England. She wonders where they got it from — maybe Sildar found it. Wonders if they’ll mind her stealing it back. It was a nice jacket.
Kravitz is quiet. He stays a few steps behind her as they move through exhibit after exhibit — past neatly detailing the serum and the war and the fight to end it. As if her life was linear.
There’s a dark room set up with rows of benches and a projector. Kravitz sits next to her to watch a five-minute film reel, played on loop. One of the short films the army’s propaganda machine made about her and the Howlies for the folks back home. The footage is jittery black-and-white — converted from the original reels to digital because stuff that was high tech six months ago for Lup is a delicate archival record now.
In this film, Taako and her are cheesing for the camera, as pre-written lines that flash at the bottom of the screen, something about “freedom!” and “justice!” and “we’re gonna beat those Nazi bastards!” The movie itself is silent, but Lup remembers what they were talking about — it was the first film reel they did. On screen, Lup points down the camera
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Kravitz/Taako (The Adventure Zone)
Barry Bluejeans/Lup

freeform: 
Action/Adventure
Hurt/Comfort
Romance
Enemies to Friends to Lovers
Enemies to Lovers
Alternate Universe - Superheroes/Superpowers
Alternate Universe - Marvel Cinematic Universe Fusion
Brainwashing
Torture
Recovery
Angst with a Happy Ending
Slow Burn
Violence
lup is cap
taako is bucky
everyone else is a surprise
every story is a love story
dramatic spy assassin romance
less dramatic superhero romance
superheroes as a shorthand for soap opera
updates wrong thursdays

fandom: 
Kravitz/Taako (The Adventure Zone)
Barry Bluejeans/Lup

