Chapter 1: That Spidey Life
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

"Just breaking now - it appears Spider-Man has collapsed! After seemingly walking away from that crash with no injuries, Spider-Man is now unconscious on the ground! NYPD are assisting and we've no details yet but - wait, what's that in the distance... is that Iron-Man?"


"Make some noise for me Karen."Peter dangled his feet off the edge of the roof as he looked down on the city."What noise would you like me to make?""Wait, you can do actual noises? I just meant tell me where some crime had to be fought, but this is definitely more important!" He thought about it. "Can you be a cat?""Meow.""Woah, nice! What about a dog?""Grrrrr."He laughed. "Robot dog! Okay, uh, let's make it a really hard one. A giraffe." After a pause, Karen started humming low. It was a strange sound he'd never heard before. "What're you doing?""Recent research suggest giraffes actually hum, but only during the night and not frequently.""Oh, cool!" he grinned. "Hey, is it only animal noises or can you make any noise?""I can certainly try any noise, though whether my programming allows me to imitate it is another question.""Okay okay, um..." he tried to think of a really difficult sound. The problem was solved for him when his stomach rumbled. "Can you imitate that?""It appears not. However, it is my understanding noises like that mean you should go eat. There is a Chinese restaurant nearby with many good reviews." The information for the restaurant popped up on his screen. The food did look pretty good in the pictures and his mouth watered. He retrieved his backpack and hunted, finding some change from his earlier supermarket shopping. He counted it aloud and, without any prompting, Karen said, "With the amount you have, I recommend you stop by a convenience store instead and pick up some snacks."Peter sighed. "Yeah, that's what I thought. Man, Spider-Man buying stuff like a normal person is so lame...""I believe Spider-Man fainting from hunger is equally lame," she replied."... Karen, what have I told you about taking sass lessons from F.R.I.D.A.Y?"
"Peter!" May banged on his door. The teenager in question bolted upright, ripped straight out of sleep, and blinked blearily around him. "Peter, you're going to be late!"The urgency in his aunt's tone woke him up better than anything else and he cursed when he realised the time."I'm up!" he shouted as he leapt out of bed, detangling himself from the duvet. He hastily got dressed, wound up wearing odd socks because he didn't have time to find the pairs and got half way out the door before realising his t-shirt was inside out. He fixed it as he went, bounding down the hallway to the front door where May was waiting with an apple and his rucksack."Did you stay out late last night?" she frowned as he took the apple. It was a fair question because he didn't normally oversleep, but it still annoyed him she even asked."I studied a little after patrolling," he said and rolled his eyes when she started fussing with his hair. "Finals are soon and I wasn't tired and I thought studying would be better than just wasting my time lying in bed trying to sleep, you know?""Hmm. Well, don't make a habit of it. Sleep's important," she stepped back. "Make sure you have a big lunch, okay? Now get going before you miss the bus!""Larb you," Peter said, swinging his rucksack over his shoulder and bounding out the door."Larb you too!"He took a bite of the apple as he dashed down the stairs, then gagged. Way too sour. He chucked it in the bin on the street and started running to catch the bus, lamenting once more that he couldn't just swing to school. It would be so much quicker.
"Hey losers," MJ greeted as she joined them at lunch and then peered over the table. "Whatcha working on Parker?""Spanish essay," he said as he looked up a word in his dictionary."The one due next week?" Ned's head snapped up from his phone. "Dude, we've got the weekend.""I don't," Peter sighed and, accepting for the moment he wouldn't be able to concentrate, put his pen down and rested his chin on his palm. "I'm with Mr Stark." To their credit, neither of them pointed out Mr Stark would let him do his homework at the compound if he needed. They knew his time with his mentor was already limited, so he couldn't afford to waste some of it on something he could easily fit in another time."What about the evenings?""Decathlon and patrol today, tomorrow at the compound, next Monday is patrol and hospital, and I want to get in a little extra studying because I won't at the weekend anyway - oh and Miss Potts keeps asking me to do things for her and May's taking a few extra shifts so she wants me to do some chores." He ticked off each of them on his fingers and, when finished, exhaled and slumped down on the seat.MJ frowned. "Maybe you could ask Miss Potts to ease off, just till after finals?""Uh, no he can't," Ned cut in. "If he 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker

freeform: 
Overworking
Father-Son Relationship
Iron Dad
Protective Tony Stark
Protective Pepper Potts
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Pepper Potts
Friendship
Fluff
Angst
Fluff and Angst
Domestic Fluff
Social Media
Hurt/Comfort
News reports
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Whump
Post-Civil War (Marvel)
No Infinity War
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & May Parker

