Work Text:
Steve's not jealous.Steve doesn't get jealous, okay? Not since the fondue thing with Peggy, and that was what, like seventy years ago, now? Steve's too old to get jealous anymore.So what if Bucky is secretly sleeping with Clint?"Hey," Bucky says, shuffling into the room and slouching down on the couch next to Steve. "Can't sleep?""Nah," Steve says, eyes glued to the TV and absolutely not admitting to having waited up for Bucky. He tries to resist the temptation to ask, because he knows, after all, but it slips out anyway. "Where have you been?""I was over at Clint's," Bucky says, frowning at the TV. "What are we watching?"Steve blinks. He doesn't actually know. The last time he can recall having actually paid any attention to the TV rather than to the clock, Kitchen Nightmares was on. Now, it's past two a.m. and apparently there's--something with seals? Steve frowns. What channel is this? "Nature show," Steve says, because that seems like a safe answer.Bucky just grunts in response, and doesn't make any indication that he's planning on leaving the couch anytime soon. They sit in silence for a while, and Steve tries to stealthily look at Bucky out of the corner of his eye. He doesn't look any different than when he left. He doesn't smell like sex, or freshly showered. There are no hickeys that Steve can see, though Bucky's hair is concealing most of his neck still. There could be hickeys.Steve grits his teeth. He hopes there are no hickeys."You've been over at Clint's a lot lately," Steve says, going for innocent and only half succeeding."I'm going to bed," Bucky says, abruptly standing up as he clearly changes his mind about staying. He doesn't sound angry, at least. "Night, Steve."Steve waits until the door to Bucky's room is closed behind him, before sighing. "Night, buddy."*The next week, Bucky doesn't come home at all, one night. Steve lies in bed and stares at the ceiling and pretends he's not worried. Pretends he's not jealous. He doesn't sleep one wink that night, and when Bucky comes home in the early morning hours, something tentatively happy on his face, Steve just smiles and thinks, At least he looks happy. That's all he wants for Bucky, really.*"You know, you could just tell him how you feel," Sam says helpfully, two days later, when he's lazily passing a football back and forth with Steve."What good will that do?" Steve says, shaking his head. "He's with Clint. That would just be kind of...""You never know," says Sam. He shrugs. "Could be just sex. Crazy hot, athletic superhero sex, but still." A jogger stumbles as he goes by, and Sam side-eyes him. "What?""Even if it is just," Steve lowers his voice a little for a moment, "sex, I don't have any claim to him," he says. "He's not a--prize for me to win, Sam, he's a human being.""Okay," Sam says, holding onto the ball for a moment, "first of all, let's pretend you didn't actually suggest that I, of all people, would forget that. And secondly, confession is good for the soul.""Why do you think I'm talking to you?" Steve says, smirking.Sam rolls his eyes so hard the white in his eyes are visible even to where Steve is standing. "Because your little superfriends would rat you out so fast your head would spin."Steve chuckles. "They're a nosy bunch, what can I say?""And you wonder why I won't move into the Tower," Sam chides."It's a nice place," Steve says.Sam points at Steve. "Tell you what, I'll make you a deal, okay? I'll move into the Tower when you and Bucky do."Steve resists the urge to make a face, because he likes living with only Bucky. He likes having that, their little apartment, for just them. But Bucky already spends a lot of time at Clint's place in the Tower, and Steve gets a vague sense of inevitability. So he smiles at Sam and nods. "Deal."*"Please tell me you're almost here," are the first words out of Tony's mouth when Steve picks up the phone."I am," Steve confirms, frowning as he approaches the main Tower entrance. "Why?""Because you gotta see this!" Tony says, giddy like a child. "We're at the range!" And then he promptly hangs up on Steve.Puzzled, Steve takes the elevator to the shooting range Tony's set up in the basement, and finds almost everyone already there, lined up on the viewing balcony. "Hey," Steve says. "What's going on?""Your boy is about to break Clint's record, is what!" Tony blurts out, practically vibrating with excitement."My--?" Steve's eyebrows go up. "Bucky?"Two long strides takes him to the window, and he looks down at the range. Sure enough, there's Bucky, making his way through one of the many obstacle course scenarios Tony's set up, metal arm gleaming under the spotlights. He's carrying one of Tony's training guns in each hand, and disposing of targets left and right with a terrifying speed and deadly accuracy.Steve's jaw drops, he can't help it. "How--?" he starts, then has to try again. "How did you guys--how did this happen?"He's been trying to get Bucky on the shooting range--any shooting r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Captain America: The Winter Soldier Spoilers
Steve needs to use his words
Sam Wilson Is a Good Bro

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

