Work Text:
Carolyn was having one of those days. With the clean-up still going on, the metro was under even more construction than usual, and it wasn't just the red line running late this time, either.  It shouldn't have mattered - no one got to work on time these days - except her supervisor had gone fucking nuclear about it, which wasn't like him. Turned out his shitty mood wasn't just the general funk the whole city had been caught up in for the last three weeks, either. The whole HYDRA clusterfuck had shaken up more government agencies than just SHIELD, and their funding was almost certainly getting cut. None of them had been in the greatest state of mind after that announcement, and they'd collectively fucked up an experiment they'd been working on for a week.And now the bank had sent her yet another letter about fucking Dave's goddamn truck. She didn't even need to open it to know what it said. Overdue. Collections. Monthly payment, which she couldn't fucking pay on her PHD stipend, especially now that she'd also have to scrape up enough money for a beater, because the goddamn truck had gotten stolen from the goddamn mall parking lot. You won't have to pay a cent, Dave had said. We just need to put the loan in your name, because your credit's better than mine. Fucking Dave. What an idiot she'd been. She bit her lip, hard. If she broke into tears in the stairwell, Mrs. Pierce was going to make her answer concerned questions, and she just couldn't, right now. It was the kind of day where you kept thinking 'It can't get any worse,' knowing perfectly well it always can. She opened her door, slowly, halfway expecting to find cat puke on the floor, or possibly the washer flooding the kitchen. She wasn't expecting to find a man with a gun sitting in her armchair. "Oh God," she said. Don't scream, she thought. Screaming's gonna get you killed. Anything might get her killed. It was the guy from the news, the Winter Soldier guy, the one who'd shot up all those cars on the highway overpass. He wasn't wearing the mask or the combat gear now, but he had that unmistakable metal hand sticking out of the sleeve of his hoodie. He was pointing the gun straight at her chest. "Close the door. Lock it," he said. He was surprisingly soft-spoken for a cybernetically enhanced killer, but then you probably didn't need to yell at people much when you were holding a giant gun in their face."Oh God," she said again. She fumbled the door shut behind herself. "Please, you can take whatever you want, I won't.… Please don't shoot me." She was crying now, she couldn't help it. She tried to keep it down, tried not to set him off. "Sit down," the Winter Soldier said, gesturing towards one of her kitchen chairs with the hand holding the gun. She flinched. "I'm not going to hurt you," he said. Well. That was good, wasn't it? Fuck, he probably said that to all of his victims. She sat down, very slowly, trying not to make any sudden moves. She could have tried running, she thought belatedly. Except where would she have run to? He'd be faster going down the stairs than she'd be, and while she could maybe barricade herself in the bathroom, he could probably shoot her through the door with that gun. He could probably shoot her through the walls. It was a big gun. "What do you want?" she asked. "I'm waiting for someone," he said. She waited, but he didn't say anything more. He just sat there, watching her. His eyes were cold and hard as glass. Carolyn was silent for a minute afterwards, because you didn't argue with a crazy killer pointing a gun at you, right? But still.… "I think... um, maybe you've got the wrong apartment?" She flinched, squeezing her eyes shut when his gun hand moved. He was just switching his grip, though. He had the gun pointed at her stomach now, and his elbow braced on the armchair as if he intended to stay that way for a while. Waiting for someone. In her goddamn apartment. What the hell. She really didn't want to upset him, but…."I'm not working for SHIELD or anything. I'm, um, doing a PHD in biochem, I live alone, no one interesting ever comes here. I mean, I don't get visitors, really. Mrs. Pierce brings over cookies sometimes?" Her voice was rising with her growing nervousness. Wait, oh God, was this about fucking Dave again? If one of his coke dealer friends had gotten him involved in something…. "Dave, he… my ex-boyfriend, he moved out weeks ago, he's not gonna be back.…"The Winter Soldier was shaking his head. "I'm waiting for Captain America," he said. "I, uh, I don't know him? He's not –""He'll be here," the Winter Soldier said, in a tone of total certainty, and that was that, apparently. She shut her mouth. He was going to have to realize at some point that Captain America wouldn't be coming. And when he got tired of waiting, he'd probably shoot her. Every three-letter agency in the country was looking for him, he couldn't afford to leave witnesses behind. Oh great. Now she was crying again. She pressed her ha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
outsider pov
Hostage Situations
Misunderstandings
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese

fandom: 
None
