Chapter 1: The Heroes of Bucharest.
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
The tunnel collapsed behind them.
Steve was barely aware of it. He was more concerned with the man that suddenly leapt at Bucky on the bike his friend had just appropriated. The man grabbed Bucky and tore him from the motorbike. They hit the ground and Bucky fell limp. Steve pulled his shield back to throw it but he suddenly felt pain rip right through him. The next thing he knew he was on the ground, his entire body aching.
There were lines of red liquid circling his arms in front of him. When he tried to move, he found they were just like cuffs – except they didn’t give when he pulled against them. No matter how hard he yanked, they did not yield to his strength. Steve looked around, frantically seeking out Bucky.
He found him, exactly where he’d been knocked out. He was sitting up now, a sizeable bruise on the side of his face. But he was cuffed with the same red stuff that they’d caught Steve in. There didn’t seem to be as much on him though. Steve looked around for his shield. Sam was down too, his wings removed from him and being held by the same bonds.
Steve vaguely noticed that he looked kind of unfocused.
There was also a guy in a black suit that was struggling against his own bonds. The man seemed deranged and violent.
There were people milling around too, all in uniform. One of them stood over Steve, a gun in hand.
‘Hey, what’s going on?’ Steve demanded.
The man just glanced at him. Otherwise, he didn’t move and he didn’t acknowledge him.
‘Don’t ignore me! What’d you do to Bucky?!’
Still nothing.
‘Hey, don’t ignore me!’ Steve started struggling again.
‘Did it occur to you that he might not speak English?’ An accented voice asked from behind him.
Steve twisted his head again. A man with sharp features, deep-set brown eyes, and shoulder-length dark brown hair was approaching. He was dressed in much the same way Tony was during special occasions – in a pressed three-piece suit. Steve was shocked when the man standing over him immediately stood at attention and then bowed. He looked awestruck at this new arrival. It was the same look people got in America when they recognised just who Steve was.
The guard began speaking in a language – Steve presumed it was the local one. The man, who deeply unsettled Steve, responded in kind. He completely ignored Steve’s demands and conversed only with the guard. As he finished up the conversation and went to walk past them, the guard suddenly called out, ‘Voivode?’ and quickly asked something, pulling something out of his pocket.
The man asked something. The man he’d called “voivode” smiled and took it. Steve saw it was a card of some kind. “Voivode” pulled a marker out of somewhere and signed the card before handing it back. The guard looked almost beside himself with happiness as he seemed to thank the other man and allow him on his way.
“Voivode” walked over and joined a man and girl who both seemed to be about half his age. They were both dark-haired and dark-eyed but lacked the severe sharpness of his features. Certainly, both had long, straight noses and seemed equal to him in physical height. But they weren’t as imposing as this “voivode”. They seemed to talk amongst themselves. Steve studied them, trying to get some kind of cues from them but he got nothing.
Then Rhodey arrived.
Rhodey glared at Rogers before he walked over to the group where Steve heard the introductions. ‘These are our local superheroes, colonel,’ one of the uniformed men said. He introduced first the young man. ‘Printul de multe daruri.’
‘Call me Radu,’ the man said. Steve realised it was the same one who’d attacked Bucky!
Then came the girl. ‘Pazboinicul printesa de sange.’
‘Crina,’ she said.
‘And their father, Printul Intuneicului.’
“Voivode” nodded his head. ‘Vlad.’
***
It wasn’t surprising for Tony to hear that Romania had its own team of superheroes.
Rogers, on the other hand, seemed shocked that such a thing should occur. As Tony tried to reason with Rogers, he found that he had allies in the form of both Crina and Radu.
Apparently, Steve didn’t like Radu on principle. ‘You attacked Bucky,’ he said with disapproval.
Unlike every other person Steve had used that look on, though, Radu was unaffected. ‘Bucky had just torn a civilian off of his motorcycle and threw him into oncoming traffic in order to acquire the vehicle. Would you like to justify that to the man’s family?’ He checked his watch. ‘The authorities should be notifying them of his death right about now.’
Rogers did a rather artful impression of a landed fish for a moment. ‘Bucky didn’t mean for him to die! He was scared! They were going to kill him!’
‘And yet,’ Crina leaned on the table, ‘he’s still alive. He’s been pulled into custody and he’s not been killed. On the other hand, do you know where all that blood I got to tie you down with came from? It came from the bodies of the people you, Ba
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Original Character(s)

freeform: 
Civil War Team Iron Man
Team Tony
Not Steve Friendly
Not Natasha Friendly
Not Wanda Friendly
not team Cap friendly
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Not Captain America: Civil War (Movie) Compliant
Mutant characters - Freeform
mentioned child death

fandom: 
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Tony Stark & Original Character(s)

