Work Text:
 “What is wrong with this picture?” Tony asked, striding into the large office. “You are actually at work?” Pepper smirked, lifting her eyes from the computer for a brief moment to look at her fiancé before giving her attention back to the device. “Funny,” Tony winked. “No, see usually it’s you dragging me away from work, not the other way around.” He looked at her thoughtfully. “I’m not sure how I feel about this change in routine.” “I’m nearly done,” Pepper said. “Actually, while you are here I want to talk to you about something.” “Is it about me taking you out for a romantic dinner?” Tony asked, plopping himself down in a chair. “And then taking you home?” Pepper cheeks flushed with pleasure. “No,” she said slowly. “Though I do want to hear more about that later. I want to talk to you about school.” “Hmmm pass,” Tony said. “Specifically,” Pepper said pointedly. “Peter’s school.” This held Tony’s attention. “What about his school.” “They’re coming here for a field trip on Friday,” Pepper said. A smirk filled Tony’s face. “Really?” “Get that smirk off your face,” Pepper warned. “I know what you are thinking and no, you cannot embarrass Peter.” “You, are no fun,” Tony pouted. “This is a big trip for him,” Pepper said. “I don’t want us to embarrass him.” Tony’s eyes narrowed. “You said us.” “I did.” “I know I would embarrass him but why do you think you would?” Tony asked, leaning forward. “Well, you would obviously,” Pepper agreed. “Pepper,” Tony said. “You’re avoiding the question.” “He calls me mum,” Pepper said, biting her lip to stop from smiling so wide. Her smile disappeared into a stern frown at Tony as she regained her trail of thought. “You will not ruin this for me.” “Uh, Pep, the kid adores you,” Tony said. “Nothing I do will stop him from calling you mum.” “Just, no embarrassing him, please,” Pepper sighed. “Let him get through at least one field trip unscathed.” A chill rolled down Tony’s spine as her words and he found himself nodding. “I will behave.” Pepper pursed her lips but nodded. 
  “Miss Potts,” Amelia stuck her head through the door. “The Midtown School of Science and Technology have arrived.” “Thank you, Amelia,” Pepper said. She stood and collected her clipboard, striding to the door. “Any sign of Mr. Stark?” “No,” Amelia said hesitantly. “I will keep an eye out for him, Miss Potts.” “Don’t strain yourself,” Pepper chuckled. They made their way swiftly through Stark Industries and as they approached the lobby and Pepper felt a nervous flutter in her stomach for the first time in a long time. She ignored them, planted a smile on her face and went to greet Peter’s class.
“Good Morning,” Pepper said loudly, earning the attention of the class. She surveyed them and tried not to grin too wide when she spotted Peter, Ned and MJ at the back of the group. “I’m the CEO of Stark Industries, Miss Potts and welcome. We a thrilled to have you tour our facility and hope that it gives you some inspiration for your future.” Pepper turned and smiled at Emily and turned to the group again. “This is Emily and she will be handling the tour today. Each of you will receive a visitor pass that you will keep on you at all times. So, one by one if you could please collect one from Emily and head through, that would be great.” She stepped aside as the class surged forward, eager to collect a badge and get through the first security point. She watched them for a moment before looking for Peter. He caught her eye and smiled, edging closer to her until he was by her side. “Hey, mum,” Peter said quietly. “Hey,” Pepper said. “Have you got your pass?” “Yeah,” Peter rummaged through his pocket and pulled out his pass, looping the lanyard around his neck. “Excellent.” “Is dad here?” Peter asked. “I don’t know,” Pepper hummed. “I’ve tried to schedule meetings for him but you know how he is.” “I don’t mind,” Peter said. He fiddled with his badge, not looking at Pepper. “You know – if dad, you know, came by – that wouldn’t, I mean it would be okay.” Pepper rose her eyebrows in surprise. Before she could question Peter more the group had moved through and it was Peter’s turn. He swiped his badge in a familiar motion, the gates allowing him to pass through. “Welcome back, Peter,” FRIDAY said as he passed through. “Thanks FRIDAY,” Peter said, his cheeks flushing red. Pepper saw the surprised looks on his classmates faces, including the teachers, and frowned. Tony had told her about the ruse he had come up with to explain why he and Peter were spending time together so that nobody would connect him to being Spiderman. She was sure that his classmates knew. “I don’t know how you pulled that off, Penis Parker, but don’t think that it will convince us that you are an actual intern here.” “Why would Peter lie about being an intern here,” MJ rolled her eyes. “You already know that he hangs with Tony Stark or did you forget about the Decathlon?” Flash flushed and scowled. “To become an intern here is a rigorous proces
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Pepper Potts Is a Good Bro
Pepper Potts Feels
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Bullying
BAMF Pepper Potts
Field Trip
Stark Industries

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

