Work Text:
Peter’s first mistake was getting drunk enough at Tony’s party to take off his shirt and dance on the table. He can’t even remember which table it was exactly, but he has his suspicion that it was the long one with all the food on it. The guacamole he finds on his socks the next morning is sort of a dead giveaway.His memories from the night are fuzzy, but he’s pretty sure he saw Jessica filming it. He’s going to have to have a talk with her later, spider to spider.His second mistake had been refusing to stay over in one of the swanky rooms Tony had prepared for anyone who, like Peter, had consumed a little too much tequila.To be fair, he had only left because walking around a corner and seeing Tony on his knees in front of Steve had made getting some fresh air very necessary. He’s surprised he hadn’t puked honestly, and he still can’t remember it without a shudder. It was like walking in on your parents getting it on.Walking home had seemed easier than having to look either of them in the eye if they decided to rejoin the party. Besides, the weather was nice and Peter loved New York at night.His third mistake was trying to fight Deadpool when he had suddenly appeared (the man has a talent for showing up at the worst times), especially when he kept making him laugh by narrating their actions like they were in a Pokemon battle.“Spidey uses web. It’s super effective!”Laughing and stumbling and punching had turned into a ridiculous slap fight which seemed to please Wade to no end. He’d threatened to pull Peter’s hair and bite him if he tried playing dirty, and had howled at whatever garbled reply Peter had managed. At least he thinks he responded, it’s all a bit hazy. They had twirled, locked in their epic battle until Peter had felt they were getting too close to the busy street for comfort.When he had shoved him against an alley wall, and had found the other man surprisingly hard beneath him his brain was too busy drowning in alcohol to stop him from pressing their lips together hard through Deadpool’s mask.And that had led to his fourth and biggest mistake. He could now officially cross enthusiastically making out with a mercenary in a dirty alley off of his Top Twenty Most Shameful Moments list.No, he didn’t have sex with him, as tempting as the idea had suddenly seemed. He blamed it on beer-goggles and the fact that Tequila is very very evil that their sloppy make out had lasted as long as it did, and that he hadn’t been too repulsed by the scar tissue he could feel beneath the thin spandex.The fact that he had enough presence of mind to roll up the mask for better access and had proceeded to rut against him like a horny teenager was a bit harder to excuse, but he was really very drunk and hadn’t had sex in way too long.Thankfully he hadn’t been quite drunk enough to do too much more than kissing. He had pushed himself away desperately before anything else could happen, mumbled something vague and stumbled drunkenly home to take care of the weirdest boner he had ever had in his life. Thankfully Deadpool hadn’t followed. He’s not sure what might have happened if he had.The whole thing seems like a dream in the morning as he stumbles from the bathroom to the kitchen and pours himself a glass of water. His head is pounding, he smells like a brewery and his shirt is on backwards, but none of that matters in the face of the memory of Deadpool’s hands roaming up under said shirt and his mouth sliding slick against his own.He takes two Advil and stumbles back to bed with an agonized groan. Alcohol is clearly the devil and must be avoided at all costs. Tequila must be extra strong he thinks dreamily in the shadowed space between sleeping and awake, because he falls asleep still imagining the feeling of Deadpool’s body pressed against his own.…….Peter manages to avoid the merc for a month after that little disaster.At first he had been worried that the news of their encounter would spread like wildfire, fuelled by Deadpool’s inability to shut up, but he was pleasantly surprised that the man hadn’t run his mouth off about it to anyone. Which was sort of sad come to think of it, considering the table dancing video had already made its rounds through every superhero he knew.Running into the mercenary again had been awkward to say the least.It probably wouldn’t have been so bad if they had been fighting a common enemy, or even fighting each other, but running into him at a grocery store is the height of uncomfortable.It was odd seeing the man in full red and black spandex piling a cart full of Oreos and Doritos. He had never really considered the fact that he, like everyone else, had to buy his food somewhere.“Hey, Petey! How’s it hangin’?” Wade yelled excitedly, scandalizing an elderly lady who had shuffled away muttering angrily about costumed menaces. It’s people like Wade who give him his all that bad press he thinks, a tad unfairly. He blames his typical Parker luck that Deadpool had caught him before he
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

freeform: 
Friends With Benefits To Lovers
Gore
But not much gore
Lots of sexy times
Boys being oblivious
a tiny bit of angst
But Fluffy Fluff Also
Emetophobia

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson

