Work Text:
Maybe he should actually go to more Decathlon meetings, wait an extra hour before going out on patrol. Maybe then he wouldn't be stuck in this situation.Apparently, since the team won a major national competition, the school was going to reward the team’s success with a field trip to a destination of their choice.As luck would have it, Peter needed to leave early, telling Ned he couldn't make it to the team meeting before he rushed out of the school to change into his costume and head downtown to help out.He wasn't even aware of what was going to happen until some messages pinged in from Ned.Chair Dude: I have some good news and some bad newsChair Dude: good news is you didn't miss any training for decathlonChair Dude: bad news is that they decided the field trip without you ://Man of Spiders: why is it bad news??Chair Dude: because Flash decided to pick the compound and no one said no so…Man of Spiders: Dude why didn't you say no???Chair Dude: I would have been out voted Dude!Chair Dude: I also wanna see the compound as well so yeetMan of Spiders: honey,,,, I trusted you,,,Man of Spiders: betrayal.gifChair Dude: that's so sad Karen play despacitoChair Dude: they’re gonna get the forms out tomorrow and the trips FridayMan of Spiders: shit like no time to tell the avengers to like, not speak to me during this tripChair Dude: what do u mean? U have like 2 days???Man of Spiders: have you tried getting a hold of half of them???Man of Spiders: I'm screwedChair Dude: rip 
  Two days later
7:16am
AcaDec Squad

Fastest Man Alive: hey penis @parkour are you ready to fukin die of embarrassmentParkour: how??Fastest Man Alive: that ur lie of being Stark’s intern will be found out obviously duhMoonMoon: flash have u ever considered that Peter was telling the truth? Like, at all?Bon Jovi: I mean,,, I don't even remember there being applications for a stark internship so...Fastest Man Alive: get ready PenisMmm Whatcha J: sounds like a euphemismParkour: wow I am soo excited•••The trip over to the compound felt like hell to Peter. He had Ned beside him, eagerly chatting away about the compound and MJ sitting in front of them, clearly trying to be uninterested in the talk, reading her book. Key word being trying since she smiled every so often at Ned’s remarks.Peter was really just hoping he wouldn't be outed as Spider-Man by the Avengers. That would just make a bad day worse.The minibus for the Decathlon team pulled out by the front of the compound, Peter, thankfully, not seeing anyone super outside. The others, sans him and MJ, all rushed off the bus, eager for the trip.“Shut up.” MJ said abruptly, not even looking up from her book, shocking Peter.“I didn't even speak?”“I can hear your thoughts going a million miles per hour. Any louder and I'm sure everyone would hear your secrets Spides.”“Shhh! What if-” Peter hushed, frantically looking to the front of the bus to make sure no one else was there.“They can't hear us. Calm down. For that and the trip. You’re not gonna die Parker.”“Are you trying to comfort me?”“No, your thoughts are loud and distracting me.” MJ refuted before she paused. “Though it might be slightly that.”“If Ned was still on the bus, he’d be like-”“Jones, Parker, off the bus.” Mr Harrington called, popping his head through the door.“Coming!”Peter clambered off the bus, MJ somewhat close behind, taking her sweet time as she put her book away and followed him.“Alright team, this is Miss Hill, she will be guiding our tour today.” Mr Harrington explained, gesturing to the woman.“Hello, welcome to the Avengers Compound.” Maria started. “When we enter, you’ll all be given passes that will allow you access throughout various areas of the building; a security measure. After that, the tour will properly commence. If you will please follow the path up to the doors.”The group started to move forwards, Peter following, before Maria put a hand on his shoulder.“M-Miss Hill? What's up?”“I know you’re worried about this trip but rest assured, while we have told the Avengers that you are part of this trip, they have been reminded, a lot, that your class is unaware of your… internship details.”“Oh thank god.”“They might slip up occasionally but they should be able to keep from saying anything too revealing. I'll also try my best to make sure nothing too much pertaining to your ‘internship’ comes up.”“Thank you so much Miss Hill.”“No problem Peter, now let's catch up to your peers.”The duo went up the path and entered the reception area, the students waiting for Maria to go to the desk and sign them in.“Hill, signing in students and a teacher from the Midtown High Academic Decathlon team. I need eight level one passes.”“I would ask why eight passes when there are nine people behind you but I understand. Hello Mr. Parker. it's nice to see you again, though it's strange not seeing Mr. Hogan or Mr. Stark accompanying you.” The receptionist remarked as she typed at the computer, creating the passes.Flash gave a look o
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

freeform: 
All the team are mentioned at least once
but just aren't in it as much
Field Trip
School Trip
but with some twists
LMAO
vine references
they all somewhat embarrass Peter but they don't mean to
Except Tony
he is totally meaning to
Fluff
Humour
minor angst but nothing major
peter sucks at keeping secrets
Identity Reveal
no beta readers we die like men
Post canon
Post Infinity War
Every single person's favourite avenger is thor
You can't change my mind

fandom: 
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Academic Decathlon Team
Peter Parker & Flash Thompson
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Minor or Background Relationship(s)

