Chapter 1: In which there is a beginning and Bucky's temper is introduced
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
It just wasn't fair, Bucky grumbled to himself as he finally slammed the door of his house behind his back and kicked off his shoes. He was perfectly happy living the life of a hermit; it was something he had chosen for himself a long time ago, and it had nothing to do with being one of the last of his kind and chased by a gaggle of teenage virgin girls besotted with his good looks and mysterious air, courtesy of his personal mythology. He was not interested in being tamed by anyone - and anyway, the legend said 'a pure soul', which did not necessarily mean a pure body, untouched by another, or whatever shit the Magical Red Council was publicising now. Just because he was a unicorn did not mean he had to fall in love and mate for life, and those assholes could suck it because Bucky Barnes was not going to let himself be paraded before the screaming public just to raise some cash for the forest, no matter how good the cause. His dating life was complicated enough as it was.Shit, was this how Tony Stark felt all the time?"I know that look," Natasha said from her seat curled up on his sofa. "What'd they do this time?"Natasha, as the only zhar-ptitsa* around those parts, knew exactly what it was like to be coveted for her species, and was therefore Bucky's only true friend."They wanna auction me off. 'Win a date with a unicorn! Who knows, you might be his one true love!' I'm gonna throw up. This is such bullshit."Natasha hummed sympathetically. "Well, if they knew of your foul temper and dirtier mouth, I'm sure there would be far fewer volunteers," she mused.Bucky gave her the stink-eye. "Shockingly, you are not actually helping," he growled. "What do you suggest, that I shift and go on a rampage? That'll get me locked up faster than you could say 'blood of virgins'."Natasha, because she was actually a far better friend than Bucky deserved, got off the sofa, prowled to his booze cupboard and poured him a stiff vodka blackcurrant with plenty of ice. Bucky took it gratefully, downing half before collapsing into the armchair in front of the fireplace. "How come they always pick on us when it comes to personal space sacrifices?" he grouched, closing his eyes and letting his head fall against the squishy back of the chair. Natasha looked thoughtful. "Well," she said, in that 'be reasonable' tone that always got Bucky's hackles rising, "Clint and Coulson are a mated Centaur pair. Sam Wilson is impossible to catch up to most of the time, unless he wants you to, and then there's the riddles and running that mouth of his. Bruce - they've still got antiquated notions about trolls around these parts, you know that, no matter how smart they actually are."Bucky thought about this. "What about Thor and Loki?" he muttered. Natasha gave him a glare he shrank away from - he did know he was being childish, all right, just. "You wanna set the sidhe off on innocent people?" she demanded. She wasn't letting him off the hook. Aw, hell."No," he pouted. Ugh. "Nor the wolves, either, so you can stop looking at me like that. Also, don't think I didn't notice your conspicuous exclusion of Stark from your little tirade, as well.""Oh, you mean Tony Stark, the Dragon King? Auctioned off on a date to raise cash. Worse, he'll go for it, too, and then you'll have Pepper on your back. Quit while you're ahead, boyo, a Dragon Queen you cannot handle."Bucky sighed deeply, giving up. He got her point, just like she knew he would. When he opened his eyes again, her smile was softer than Bucky expected to get. She really was his best friend, and he was so grateful for her. His shoulders lost some of their rigidity as the warmth of it sank in, and he slumped deeper into the cushions, letting go of the fight-or-flight mode he'd been in ever since the Red Council called. "Who knows?" Natasha said placatingly. "You might actually find your mate in one of those people."Bucky rubbed at his forehead, heart heavy. Not her, too. "It's been ninety-five years, Tasha. He, or she, is just not out there. I'm one of the last of our kind. We're dwindling more and more each year - there aren't enough fertile new foals born, not to mention that 'pure souls' just aren't all that easy to find anymore. Maybe I'm meant to die alone."Natasha rolled her eyes. "Drama queen," she said disapprovingly, but she pushed away from her perch on a bar stool and came over anyway, sliding to curl up in Bucky's lap and lay her head on his shoulder like a very content cat. Zhar-ptitsi were much more feline than anyone knew, Bucky thought fondly, warmed by the thought that he was one of the very few people allowed to see that side of her. He carded his fingers through long, fine head feathers the colour of flame, and let the solid, simmering heat of her soothe his weary heart.Maybe she was right. But he'd had too much hope d
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Magical creatures
Alternate Universe - Fairytale
grumpy grouchy Bucky is my favourite
Bucky & Natasha bffs
Fluff
Angst
unicorn Bucky
Sam is the god of puns
or the devil if you ask Steve
so this has a plot now huh
clint sees better from a distance
Protectiveness
Tony Stark is still a genius
Team Feels
Phil & Pepper: planning bffs
putting one's foot in one's mouth: an Olympic sport
let's have dinner
Bonding
Bucky finds a mate
sweet Merlin SO much fluff
and sex
let's not forget the sex
Barebacking
but they're magic so it's okay
Steve has a dirty filthy mouth for Bucky
discussion of unhappy mating but not for our boys
surprise procreation
all the happy fluff
happy endings

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Clint Barton/Phil Coulson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

