Chapter 1: The New Mark
    




Chapter Text
Bucky watches with fascination as a new mark becomes present on his skin, the blue and gold squiggly line deepening in color as time progressed, wrapping itself around his left nipple, glistening with the sweat from his workout. It was his first one that he’s seen come in since Steve’s back in the thirties and during his time as Hydra’s Fist he hadn’t cared to pay attention for more, or really known to care, or really anything since he had no remembrance of that time, except now sometimes certain sounds and smells would break through the fog for barely a millisecond before being out of his reach once again. So, he had been pleasantly surprised when he finally came out of the fog that he had gained a lot more marks. But Steve had been the one to find them, this one would be the first that he could meet at the same time, maybe he could even be the one to find the person first. Pulling his tank down he heads out of the gym, getting to the door only to almost be run over by Steve, who has a giant smile plastered on his face, “You think it could be our omega?” “Don’t know, hope it is,” his alpha was practically purring at the idea. “Well I hope that this one is at least a girl,” Natasha comments looking down at the mark that also encircles her left nipple. “Well they can’t be that hard to find, we know relatively the time of birth, and you told me everything can be found on the internet these days,” Steve replies to Natasha. “Let’s ask Tony. He should be able to find them a lot faster than us, or at least narrow it down for us.”And the beta did, within two hours they had a list of fifteen thousand people that were born within the hour of ten and eleven in the morning of the first of October, eighteen years ago. “You do know that he or she might not be easily found, and it’s unrealistic to go to every person on this list to see if you can see our soul marks on them,” Tony informs as he sends the file of names and addresses to them.“Well they can’t look, they were born with our marks,” Steve answers, scrolling through the list of names that were just in New York, three thousand four hundred and ten in total. Tony just shakes his head, “Just be careful our pack is a little intimidating.” Steve nods, before turning to the other two alphas of the pack, “You ready to start looking?” In the end, they had decided to look into the people, instead of going door to door, trying to find some correlation between the person and the mark, sometimes it could be easily identifiable like the arc reactor symbol that is plastered between each of the mates chest’s that symbolizes Tony or more obscure like the ballerina figure that represents Natasha. The blue and gold squiggly ring was leaning towards the obscure. *************Dancing around the bar, Morgan lets the pounding of the music guide her around the tables, it was past closing, so she had the front end of the bar to herself, as she wipes down tables and clears empty glasses. The bar was co-owned by her and her Uncle, who had left just after last call and the rest of the two person staff were too busy with unloading the new shipments of liquor and taking inventory, to help with the bussing. Locking up at six in the morning, she yawns to herself, as she starts walking towards her apartment three miles away, music blasting steadily into her ears as she does. After having showered to get the smell of alcohol off herself she heads to the room beside hers, “Pete school time,” shaking the twelve-year-old awake, when he growls slightly at the intrusion of his sleep, she hisses back “Don’t do the alpha posturing get up.”“Sorry,” Peter groans out as his dark puppy brown eyes look up at her sea foam green ones, “You can go to bed now, I’m up.”Morgan smirks at him, “You just don’t want me to see you in boxers,” messing his already bedridden curls up more before she leaves, closing the door behind her. Peter huffs as he stretches, fumbling for his glasses that were on his nightstand, as he grumbles about the fact that he still had school on Halloween of all days. At least it was Friday, Ned was going to sleep over and they were going to build his new Lego set he got as an early birthday present, since his birthday was still three days away. *************“Why are we here again?” Natasha yells over the pounding music. Bucky grins, “I like dancing.”“It’s Halloween, it’s crazy town.”“It’s also the only time my metal arm doesn’t freak people out.”Natasha nods at that, pulling Bucky towards the bar, while ignoring the withering of bodies that surround them. The bartenders were all wearing costumes that showed off a lot of skin, the men were only in pants and a bowtie and the women in corsets with ruffled miniskirts; each with an apron wrapped around their waist. Natasha easily gets the attention of one of the men, by pressing her chest into the counter and waving a fifty-dollar bill at him, the man then nudges the barista on the other side of him t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony/Steve/Natasha/Bruce/Clint/Bucky/OFC
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

freeform: 
Alpha/Beta/Omega Dynamics
Spanking
Domestic Avengers
Domestic Discipline
Beta Tony Stark
Alpha Steve Rogers
Alpha Natasha Romanov
Beta Bruce Banner | Alpha Hulk
Beta Clint Barton
Alpha Bucky Barnes
Omega OFC
'Beta' OFC
Alpha Peter Parker
beta aunt may
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Romantic Soulmates
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Possessive Behavior
Controlling Behavior
Power Imbalance
Age Difference
Dom/sub
Group Sex
Sex
Not Avengers: Age of Ultron (Movie) Compliant
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
BDSM
Switch Tony Stark
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Natasha Romanov
Dom Bruce Banner
Switch Clint Barton
Dom Bucky Barnes
Sub OFC
Breaking Up & Making Up
Canon-Typical Violence
Developing Relationship
Established Relationship
Pack Dynamics
Team as Family
Alternate Universe - BDSM

fandom: 
Tony/Steve/Natasha/Bruce/Clint/Bucky/OFC
Tony Stark/Original Female Character(s)
Steve Rogers/Original Female Character(s)
Natasha Romanov/Original Female Character(s)
Bruce Banner/Original Female Character(s)
Clint Barton/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Original Female Character(s)

