Work Text:
Tony felt hot and smooth inside, slick and dripping with all the lube Steve had pushed into him, as he drove yet more lube in with his two fingers, sliding them back inside the softly yielding clench of Tony’s dusky, puckered hole, puffy but still tight around him as he petted the pads of his fingers along Tony’s lube-wet inner walls. Tony moaned on the bed, whining, really, and his thighs trembled, head rocking back and forth as he clenched his fists on the coverlet, one fisting tight in the blankets by his hip, the other clutching at the pillow. His eyes were glassy, his mouth open, his body loose and sweaty over the bed, legs splayed slightly, lax and open. His lashes fluttered as Steve pumped his fingers gently, once, twice, then sought out that soft, sensitive sweet spot inside of Tony and rubbed them into it in a firm, circling motion.Tony cried out, arched his back, his hips leaving the pillows supporting them and making sure Steve got a good angle, and then he subsided, drawing in long gasps of air like he’d been running a marathon. “S-Steve,” he moaned, the word faint, breathy. “That’s me,” Steve murmured, with a smile. “I’m right here.” He pressed his fingers in a little more firmly against that sensitive spot and Tony shuddered all over, mouth working and eyes staring unseeing at the ceiling, half-lidded, before he let his fingers swirl away, stroking them inside him in long, slow figure-eights. “That still feeling good, fella?”Tony’s cock was hard and insistent, flushed a dark red like sweet dark cherries, and glistening at the tip, smearing his belly with wetness that caught the light, caught in the carefully trimmed trail of hair that led up to his navel. It had taken some time for Tony to get fully hard from this, but he was definitely there now, hard and aching, balls drawn firmly up against his body. Tony hadn’t mentioned it, or begged to come, but ever since he’d hardened fully he’d been fidgeting more, rubbing the heels of his feet or his hands against the bed, lifting his hips, or fisting his fingers convulsively in the coverlet.Steve felt plenty of sympathy for how desperate he had to feel—he’d been hard in his sweatpants practically since they’d started this, lightheaded with desire just at seeing Tony like this. His cock was throbbing even now, and it was an effort of will to focus on Tony, on watching him, instead of letting his attention turn to his own need, his desire to rub off and watch his own come spatter Tony’s body, as flushed and hot with desire as he was. Steve loved watching him like this, seeing every little twitch, every reaction, even the smallest. He leaned down, thrusting his fingers gently, and mouthed at the sweaty, velvety skin of Tony’s hip, trailing his mouth downward and relishing the feeling of Tony’s salty, sweaty skin under his lips, the lush trembling muscles of his thigh, the taste of him, the way Tony moaned and his body rippled and clenched down around Steve’s fingers inside, the heat of his skin. Tony had wanted this, to be pushed to the edge and not given any help to tip over, and well, Steve was totally on board with that. Steve had mentioned his desire to help Tony come from his rear, his sweet spot, more than once, and apparently Tony had taken that to heart, because he’d demanded that Steve help train his body to come from his prostate, a determined look on his face and his jaw set, until Steve had agreed (not that he’d been hesitant—are you kidding? He’d been dreaming of exactly this ever since Tony had come harder than a freight train when Steve massaged his prostate while he sucked him off that one time).Tony nodded, his eyes glazed and his head loose on his neck. He didn’t look like he was tracking on what Steve was talking about at all.“Yeah?” Steve asked softly. He let his fingers slip away from Tony’s sweet spot for a moment, and Tony whined, arched his hips up. “Hey, easy,” Steve murmured, feeling a warm glow of satisfaction that Tony was so into it, wanted the stimulation from his fingers so much that he’d chase it when it was gone. “You sure? Still feeling good? Still doing all right?” He knew if Tony had been doing this to him, he’d have been making way more of a fuss, but that was him. Tony was a hell of a lot more patient about his own pleasure than Steve was about his. Tony liked being teased, made to wait, denied.“’m good, Steve,” Tony mumbled. His mouth was loose, wet with saliva. “Mmm. Yeah. Feelin’ good.” He smiled a little up at him, loosened his hand from the blankets to slid it up and pat at Steve’s arm reassuringly. “It’s, ‘s really good, slugger.”“Yeah, you look like you’re feeling good,” Steve murmured, instead of asking are you sure?, because that wouldn’t be trusting Tony, even if it would be driving Steve crazy to be teased for so long without even getting close to relief, and Tony’s slick, bare cockhead looked angry and hot and flushed burgundy with blood and need. He slid his hand up, pressed Tony’s cock gentl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Explicit Sexual Content
Established Relationship
Fisting
Anal Fisting
Anal Fingering
Anal Play
Anal Gaping
anal stretching
Stretching
Bottom Tony Stark
Bottom Tony
Top Steve Rogers
Top Steve
Multiple Orgasms
Subspace
Sub Tony Stark
Sub Tony
Dom Steve Rogers
Dom Steve
gentle dom Steve Rogers
Gentle Dom Steve
Kink
Sexual Training
Training
Prostate Massage
Prostate Orgasms
Orgasm Delay
Orgasm Delay/Denial
Praise Kink
Loving Gentle Sex
loving gentle kink
Service Top
Service Top Steve
Intercrural Sex

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

