Work Text:
“He looks normal.” Steve narrows his eyebrows and squints through the one-way glass, pursing his lips as he thinks. “Not like the type they’d send to murder me.”“He looks  pissed.”  Sam raises an eyebrow. “He looks like he’d murder  anyone  right now. What’d you say this guy’s name was again?”“James Buchanan Barnes, goes by Bucky.” Natasha’s said the words so much within the last two hours that she briefly considers tattooing them onto her forehead. “He works here at SHIELD, clearance level three; a pencil-pusher. We didn’t have him pegged as a security issue until last night.”“Oh, then yeah, definitely a planted assassin.” The folding chair squeaks across the floor as Sam throws himself onto it, rolling his eyes. “No real person goes by ‘Bucky.’ Not if they survive into adulthood.”“I feel kinda bad, how he got dragged in like this.” Steve worries his bottom lip, leaning so close to the glass that his nose is touching it. “Y’know, I  really  don’t think this guy’s trying to kill me.”“Of course  you  don’t, you wouldn’t recognize the threat of imminent death if it came barreling toward you with the exact size and shape of the Atlantic Ocean.”“That was one time, so I really wish people would stop holding it over my head.” Steve replies evenly, but he angles his foot back sneakily and kicks at the leg of Sam’s chair. “Remind me what he’s in for again, Natasha?”Natasha barely holds in a groan, instead tilting her head as far over the back of her chair as she can as she counts to ten slowly and calmly in her head, because she is the  best goddamn spy in the world  and she is not going to go complaining about her job to  Captain America,  even though  as  the  best goddamn spy in the world  she is being  seriously  underutilized here. “JARVIS?”“Ever since the Chitauri attack, there has been an influx of activity on social media surrounding the Avengers and their whereabouts.” Jarvis’s voice comes on over the speakers, soothing and calmly emotionless. It lies in sharp contrast to the other side of the wall, where James Buchanan ‘Bucky’ Barnes is staring very hard at the one-way mirror like if he tries hard enough, he can melt through it right into their collective brains. “Sir asked me to set up an alert on your names, and Mr. Barnes posted on Twitter late last night with threatening language indicative of a potential assassination attempt on Captain America. Director Fury was alerted, and Mr. Barnes was apprehended when he came in for work this morning. He’s been here ever since.”“Back in my day, the whole point of an assassination attempt was that you didn’t advertise it.” Natasha crosses her arms, because if she’s not even going to be interrogating the suspect (who, frankly, she has her doubts about) then she’s not entirely sure what she’s doing here. “All these new amateurs coming out of the woodwork are really cramping my style.”“I mean, I’m not  complaining,  but it does seems like a weird choice.” Sam checks his watch before reaching out and nudging Steve in the elbow. “Hey, Cap, Coulson’s gonna be in any minute now. Why don’t you sit down? It’s not like ‘Bucky’ there is  going  anywhere or anything.”“I know, I just...” Steve sighs, casting one last forlorn look towards where his would-be murderer looks ready to dig through the wall and strangle the first living thing that dares cross his path. Natasha feels a brief stir of sympathy. “I don’t like to think  anyone  would murder me, obviously, but he honestly doesn’t seem like it and we’ve been waiting here for hours. At this point, I feel like we should just let him go.”Sam gives Natasha the look, the one that says  ‘this bitch’,  so Natasha sighs and crosses one leg over the other as she reluctantly sits forward. She’s just ready to pull out her stock speech about the evils of humanity and the blackness of people’s souls or whatever, complete with a healthy sprinkling of quotes from Hobbes and 'Leviathan', when the door on the other side of the wall clicks open and Phil Coulson decides to grace them with his presence.  Finally.  She sits back again, more than a little annoyed as she waits to see if whatever desk jockey kept her from catching lunch with Clint ends up being worth her time.“James Buchanan Barnes.” He pulls out the chair on his side of the table and sits, looking remarkably calm considering he’s being flashed with what Natasha has to admit is a remarkably intimidating pair of murder eyes. Maybe he really  is  an assassin, after all. “Can I call you Bucky?”“As you can probably  tell,  seeing as I’m sitting in a  sub-basement interrogation room  instead of my regular morning meeting, you can  do  whatever the hell you damn well please.” Clearly, the man’s been preparing this speech for the last thirty minutes minimum, because he says the words with such palpable vitriol that Coulson leans back in his chair and blinks with what Natasha recognizes is mild admiration. “What you’re  gonna  wanna do, however, is tell me what the  fuck  I’m 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Shrunkyclunks
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Crack
Humor
Misunderstandings
Thirst Tweets
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
i guess? like shield is still here or whatever
don't think too hard about it honestly
when your thirst is so extreme people think it's an assassination attempt

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

