Chapter 1



Notes:
this is a little thing i thought of one evening and have finally developed it into a story x3 hope you like!! this is also my first marvel fanfic , so i’m really sorry if everyone is out of character. i’m gradually editing it and changing a lot of things so it is at least enjoyable to read. i don’t claim to be a good writer and never will. i just did this for fun :)

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

Tony blames Steve for this venture. Only the night before had the blonde made one of his infamous “Good and Bad” speeches. Bless his heart—Tony couldn’t help but feel smug throughout the whole ‘meeting’, if that’s what you or anyone else would like to call it.


Steve suggested they get out more. And the supersoldier made sure to point his burning gaze towards Tony. They all agreed it would be best to enjoy the fresh air of New York’s polluted atmosphere, but Tony could not be bothered to explain to the old man—even though he has stated time and time again—that he is, by no means, an outdoor person. Leave him with a screwdriver, hammer, some form of wires and a connection purely to technology, he is in, what he calls, his, “Happy Zone.”


That wasn’t going to happen. Not while Steve was around. Even his old friend Bucky murmured off to the side that perhaps—just a little—Steve was being ... pessimistic about what the Avengers enjoyed most of what they were doing. Sam had heard, agreeing with the white wolf himself, which earned a disapproving glance from Steve.


All in all, Steve just wanted what is best for them. He hadn’t exactly forced Tony to go out the very next day. In fact, Tony hadn’t seen Steve all morning. (He didn’t have to wonder whether he was in the gym or just taking a jog—

run

—around the blocks of Brooklyn). But Tony believed there is some truth to Steve’s words. Maybe apart of the reason why Tony liked spending so much time inside is so he can avoid the media and public-eye. Being cooped up in a lab all day with two interactive robots, an A.I. and constant noise of fire around someone can depress anyone to some extent.


In other words, he needed to get out.


He decided on his little adventure; he would make a trip to the shops to do some food shopping. Very unlike Tony; even he was dumbfounded by his decision. But they needed more food because Thor required a lot of food as it was. And Tony was also running low on his coffee supply, so desperate times calls for desperate measures.


He didn’t think anything exciting would come from buying some foods and drinks for the Avengers Facility. A few people recognised him, even asked for a photo and then left him in peace. He was fine with that. It was the paparazzi he couldn’t stand.


When he walked from the little shopping centre, he was not expecting to be bombarded with flashing lights and many people giving him an avalanche of already answered questions.


“Mr. Stark! Over here, please!”


“Hello, Mr. Stark! I have a few questions...”


“Mr. Stark, this is live and we have questions that need answering—”


Tony comically pulled up the bags he was holding, trying to cover his face. He did this whilst shouting, “Tony Stark has nothing to say!” And he tried pushing his way through the crowd.


Who the hell decided it would a good idea to get out more? Oh yes. Tony was going to murder Steve.


With a push, he managed to squeeze his body through the sea of people and when he saw the opportunity, he ran.


Exercise was never his strong point. As a kid, he preferred spending his time in the science labs, cooking up new, wanted and needed experiments just for his own benefit. He never joined in with the boys football or any of the hard rugby teams. He needed to make his peace by expanding his mind.


In other words (or in Pepper’s words) it was a funny sight seeing Tony Stark running from a barrel of thundering feet and lightning bolts of the camera’s. Oh, Pepper would be rolling around on the floor right now.



All Tony kept on doing was cursing Steve; swearing that later—he didn’t give a jack’s-ass whether Bucky was balls deep inside of Steve—he was going to actually have to toss Steve out of the window. Not that Tony is assuming that Steve and Bucky are together but ... they definitely are.
Tony kept up his pace, shopping bags nearly flying from his fingers until he caught sight of an alleyway. Not Tony’s best shot, but right now, God isn’t answering any of his prayers.With one more swift dash, he made his entry to the mouth of the alley.
He pressed his back against the rugged brick wall, wheezing breath putting Steve’s asthma to shame as the people 
walked
 ran passed.


He waited solidly for a good five minutes before his heart diminished to a normal, functioning rate again. Only then did he notice he wasn’t alone.


A few metres away, a small, huddled figure slept on the ground.


Tony turned more to get a better view of the figure.


When he stepped aside, he found th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt Peter Parker
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Iron Dad & Spidey Son
Homeless Peter Parker
Out of Character

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

