Chapter 1: Cliche Beginning Title Here
    


Notes:
cat form: https://www.pinterest.com/pin/74450200068844006/Or google Millie the Norwegian forest cat

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text

This was rotten. 

This was awful.

This was fffuuuccKKKING AWESOME!

Ok, it was a bit disconcerting, but honestly, waking up as a cat was kind of one of those things you wonder about every now and then and she was just along for the ride. Corvin did panic quite a bit at first, waking up in an ally screaming and hyperventilating, which came out as meowing and hissing. But after a few minutes (read: hours) of it, she sat her ass down and thought about it. 

Somewhere deep in her bring she could say that she was upset and overall shaken, truth to it, but on the surface she was intrigued. How many people would give their left foot to be in her shoes -paws?- right now? She had speculated before what it would be like, to be a fat, lazy cat without a care in the world, loved by all because she had toe beans and could turn into a bread loaf when lying down. To sleep all day and see in the dark, to get pet by egear people who cooed at her for doing ab-so-fucking-lutly nothing. 

The introvert in her cackling madly in wicked glee while the rational part of her was optimistically hoping she would change back shortly. She didn’t know how this came about either, she was just sitting on her couch, minding her business. Had a coffee in hand and was reading some long, well written fanfiction about Lord of the Rings. She was totally immersed in the story when suddenly it felt like all the air had been sucked out of the room and everything went fuzzy. Like that feeling when your foot goes asleep and you try and walk on it after. Pins and needles, but all over her body. Next thing she knew, she was pint-sized and furry in an ally.

It was actually really frustrating now that she thought about it. How did she get here? Why was she here? Where the hell even 

was

 here?

Ok. Damn. What should she do? She could sit there, in the ally way for another few hours, or hell, days even, contemplating her sudden feline reality, or she could get moving before it got dark. As a cat, she probably had a million new things to worry about now. Like dogs or a misplaced placed boot. 

Setting off for the end of the ally, Corvin trotted on her tiny paws, wobbling on her legs for a moment. She was used to two legs, not four, and she had to think about her steps so she wouldn't trip on the back of her own foot like an ameture. Took her a moment to figure it out, but soon enough she was on the move.

‘Ok, im in a town of some sort, hopefully somewhere close to where I live.’ Corvin thought, contemplating on how she was going to get home, or get help. As much as she wanted to explore the world from the perspective of a cat, she knew the necessity of getting back. She couldn’t realistically spend the rest of her life like this. She had a job, responsibilities, two lizards to feed and a date with her couch and Criminal Minds. And possibly the nearest hospital. 

Or vet. 

Snorting at her own dumb joke, which came out like one of those cute cat sneezes you see that break the internet, Corvin reached the end of the ally and peaked out. 

Shit ton of people. God. Ok, she could do this. 

Corvin looked around, trying to look for an identifiable landmark but finding none.

‘Where is The Bean when you actually want to see it, damnit.’ she huffed and darted out of the ally, staying close to the edge of the building to avoid the feet of the pedestrians. Her tail (she had a fuckin 

tail

) high in the air and flicking in slight agitation as she made her way down the street. 

It was so damn loud, holy crap. It was like someone had turned up the 1-10 dial on the radio to 11. Everything smelled so strongly, the good smelled fucking amazing, and the bad smelled so putrid she had to bite her tongue to keep the bile down. And her sight was better than ever! She had been slightly nearsighted before, not too bad, just had to wear glasses while she was driving to read the road signs, but now she could see everything! Dust mites in the air, the fly-away hairs on a person four blocks down, the plumage of a bird 6 down. It was awesome. 

She could get used to the eyesight if anything. 


It didn’t take Corvin long to realize she wasn’t in Kansas anymore. Two major things happened:

Number 1, the buildings looked all wrong, too expensive and large. The urban area was crowded and loud, people wearing little to almost no clothing (not that she’s shaming), and it was fucking HOT as fuck. Corvin was sure she was sweating under her fur, even though she was also sure cats can’t sweat. And it extra sucked because she was some type of long-haired cat.

 Another thing was the salt in the air, the distinct seaweed taste on the tongue that only the ocean can give. This brought a sense of hopelessness and anger to Corvin, who was a stone-cold 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Original Character(s)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Platonic OC/Tony Stark - Relationship

freeform: 
Other character tags will be added later
BAMF Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Gets a Hug
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Trauma
grandiose use of innuendos
Puns and References
Therapy cat
T.S.D.S (Tony Stark Defense Squad)
BAMF Pepper Potts
BAMF James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Overprotective OC
Oc will do everything and anything for Tony Stark
Hero Worship
Alternate Universe
Iron Man 1
shameless self-insert
Shameless
Girl falls into another universe trope
Platonic oc/Tony Stark
Probably gonna bash the avengers
Profanity
Digital Art
I cant draw cats
but i try

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Original Character(s)
Pepper Potts & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Platonic OC/Tony Stark - Relationship

