Work Text:
"Steve, this is the seventh time you've sent in a care package," Moria says as she stamps it for priority class, because there are cookies in there and Steve does not want them to go stale before they get over seas. He smiles at her a bit bashfully and she takes a pamphlet from behind the counter, "Have you considered the pen pal program?""Pen pals?" Steve takes the pamphlet from her, opening it up."You fill out the form, send it to that address," She points it out to him, "and you get assigned a soldier. You'll send letters back and forth, things like that. You can make a new friend."Steve fills it all out right there.Two weeks later he's got one official letter telling him he's been approved, and he'll be communicating with Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes. Steve doesn't really know where to start, so he writes a letter just introducing himself.
Dear Sergeant Barnes,

My name is Steve Rogers, and I'm your new pen pal. I'm not entirely sure what I should say. Maybe I'll just introduce myself? That should be good. I'm twenty-one and I live in Brooklyn, New York. I've lived here my whole life. It's snowing right now, up to my knees. Is it okay if I ask where you lived, before you were deployed? I can check the weather for you, if you want.

I like to draw, I've done a few jobs as an illustrator from comics and things like that. Do you have any hobbies, or just things you enjoy? Music is nice, too. I wish I could play an instrument. Can you?

Your name sounds so official. That's not a bad thing, though! Do people call you Jimmy? Most people call me Rogers, but that's because they usually don't remember my first name.

I think it's really amazing that you joined up. I would have if I could, but I have too many medical problems for them to let me in. So, I send in care packages all the time instead, finding my way to help, you know? I love doing it. Even if it's just a little bit of help I'm providing... Do you need anything? I could send you something, if you want. Make me a list, I'll do it.

Thanks for reading this, and I really hope to hear from you soon.

-Steve
Steve sends it out the next day, on his walk home from a comic job. The snow soaks his jeans and gets into his boots, and he's shivering violently by the time he's closing the door of his apartment. He turns up the heat and puts the kettle on, struggling out of his boots and jeans as he does. He shoves a rice bag in the microwave and turns it on, then moves into his room to change. He really wants to curl up in bed and hide there, it's so cold.But the kettle starts to whistle so he puts on two pairs of socks and fixes himself a cup of hot chocolate, then curls in on the couch with his rice bag over his stomach and plenty of blankets.--He gets a letter about a week later. He opens it in a diner over his lunch, stomach flipping excitedly. He's been waiting for this letter.
Hey Steve,

Not too sure what I should say, either. I'm damn glad you gave me questions. I live in Brooklyn, too. On the edge of the city. Miss it there, sometimes. Snow is hell sometimes, isn't it? Spent last Christmas here though, and gonna spend the next, so maybe I'm even missing that, too.

I can't draw worth shit. I'll show you, I'll draw something at the bottom. I play the piano. Well, I used to. Not much use for it over here.

And hey, just call me Bucky, okay? I hate Jimmy. And I'll call you Steve, 'cause I'll remember it.

...I haven't had chocolate in months. Don't go out of your way, but if you could chuck a candy bar in with your letter, that would be great.

It's good to meet you, Steve. Thanks.

-Bucky
Steve laughs at the little drawing down next to Bucky's signature, what he supposes is an elephant. It's horrible - so horrible, jesus - but it's also fucking adorable. Steve eats some more while he sketches out an elephant to send back.He heads to the store and picks up two bags of chocolate chips, and the next morning he makes his famous double chocolate cookies - with chips and chunks of chocolate. He waits for them to cool by putting together the rest of the package. It's not as big as the ones he usually makes, because this one's special for Bucky.He takes his time like he does with each and every one, laying in a soft throw blanket although he doesn't think Bucky needs it, puts in toothpaste and socks and various other things. He puts the cookies in Tupperware with tissue paper, sets it snug in between everything else in the box, and lays his enveloped letter and drawing over it.
Dear Bucky,

The snow is hell. Peggy insists that she come over and take care of me sometimes. She's afraid I'll freeze to death, or something. I wouldn't put it past my body to betray me like that though, so. Hey, don't be bummed about Christmas. I'll send you a picture of my tree when I get it up.

Your drawing wasn't bad. Really! It wasn't. It was... cute. A small, little, deformed elephant. It's nice. And I'm so jealous that you can play the piano. I bet you play beautifully.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Civillian Steve
Soldier Bucky
Skinny Steve Rogers
Pen Pals
Long Distance Relationship
Major Character Injury
Pining
Sexual Content
Hospitalization
Falling In Love

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

