Work Text:
It all started with Tony being his usual, overly paranoid self.
Earlier in the day, he, Rhodey, and Peter had gone head to head with some rogue sorcerer. It had been a pretty easy fight, really. The guy wasn’t a particularly good sorcerer, just a crazy one. Peter had gotten tossed around a little bit more than Tony would’ve considered ideal (aka: Peter got tossed around period), but he hadn’t actually gotten hurt outside of a few minor bumps and scrapes.
For once, it had been a nice and easy mission. Nothing went wrong, and the bad guy was defeated and locked up in time for dinner.
But right as Tony had landed beside the kid, offering him a hand to pull him up from where he’d slumped down on the concrete in exhaustion, F.R.I.D.A.Y. mentioned that the sorcerer’s magic may have had the capability to alter brainwaves. So, Tony formed a hasty plan of action.
One: get Peter back to the Tower, make Peter get checked out in the MedBay, send Peter to bed.
Two: have F.R.I.D.A.Y. run every brain scan imaginable to make sure that the bastard had kept his freaky powers to himself.
He’d had his head messed with before, and he was not eager to repeat the experience.
Step one was simple. Peter loved flying with the Iron Man suit, so it was ridiculously easy to convince him to let Tony give him a lift back to the Tower. Then, he’d just unceremoniously dumped him on a MedBay cot, siccing a couple of doctors on him and talking over the kid’s whines of I’m fine, Mister Stark, seriously. As soon as he was convinced the teenager had given in and would cooperate, he had wandered into the hallway to give May a call. Once the doctors confirmed Karen’s report of No Serious Injuries Detected, Tony shoved a water bottle and granola bar into the teenager’s hands and pushed him into his bedroom with a terse order to get some damn sleep, Pete.
And with the most important step of his plan completed, he went straight down to the lab and got to work.
He plopped into a desk chair and rolled it across the room until he was in front of a monitor. “Alright, FRI. Is Pete asleep yet?”
“Yes, Boss.”
“Perfect. Use the bio monitors in his mattress along with your regular scanners to run a full health check. Focus on his brain. Make sure there’s nothing wonky going on with it. Put the results up here and I’ll check them, too.”
“On it, Boss.”
He took a swig of his coffee. “Rhodey’s still in the suit, right?”
“Colonel Rhodes’ armor is still in use. He appears to be assisting with cleanup operations.”
“Good. Run the same scans on him, too. Don’t tell him unless we find something he needs to know about.”
“Right away, Sir.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. paused. “I assume you would like me to complete similar procedures with yourself?”
“One step ahead of me, FRI. Yep. Get on it.”
He sat back and watched as a complicated array of vitals popped onto his screen. He swiped away his own (he only cared about the brain scan) but carefully ran through the kid’s.
Temperature was fine considering that he was asleep, 96.3, and he always ran a little low anyway. Breathing rate was good, blood pressure sitting comfortably in the low range, and his pulse was steady and slow.
After going through the preliminary checks that the kid was physically okay, Tony turned his attention to the brain scan.
Peter’s brain activity was a lot slower than his own, which he could see minimized in the corner of his screen, but that just meant he was somewhere in the first few stages of sleep. He analyzed the data by himself for a bit before consulting with F.R.I.D.A.Y.
“How’re they looking, FRI?”
“There appear to be no adverse effects on Mister Parker’s or Colonel Rhodes’ neurological functions. They both appear to be the picture of health, Sir.”
He nodded, relieved. “Peter’s sleeping well?”
“Mister Parker’s vitals suggest that he is perfectly content. There are currently no indications of stress or discomfort. He is in Stage 2 sleep. Would you like me to continue to monitor his brainwaves and alert you as each stage is achieved?”
He smirked at the AI’s thoroughness. “No, that’s alright. Just keep an eye on him for me.” Tony flicked his own scan results onto the screen. “And I’m looking the same as always, I assume?”
F.R.I.D.A.Y. paused. “The confrontation from today has not affected your neurological functions.”
“That’s strangely specific.” Tony laughed to mask his unease. “What did you find?”
“As a simple diagnostic procedure, I compared your current scans against ones I have taken over the past few months and years.”
“And?”
“There are a series of interesting trends in your brain development and other physiological functions.”
Tony spun his chair in a lazy circle. “Which are?”
“Over a surprisingly short amount of time, you appear to have experienced an increase in neural connections in certain areas of your pre-frontal cortex, which is associated with memory and prioritization. In addition, your inferior parietal cortex and your precuneus all appear to have decreased in area. These are all vit
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Neurology & Neuroscience
no I'm not kidding
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has Issues
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
(Peter gives him one)
Sleepy Cuddles
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark's Brain Deciding He's Peter Parker's Parental Figure

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

