Chapter 1





Chapter Text


 When the storm ends, Loki knows the fray has finished. It falls silent like a pall, and then the ancient doors are being thrown open. Footfalls. Ten – no, twelve.  He finishes the prayer with forceful calm, not turning around to meet the faces of their defeat – but he would not cower before nor beg. His stance was regal, and he could hear them approach.  “Your gods are no longer listening.” One walks in front to stand at several steps higher, sword pointed down, but the eyes stare past him, uncaring. Loki doesn’t think much on being able to talk his way out of this one. All the sudden another has gripped his long hair from behind, yanking his head back by the braid and forcing him down on his knees. The fiery pain from his scalp burns and Loki snarls into the face of the swordsman.  He only sneers down at him and spits to the side as intended insult on sacred ground, lowering the blade. “Is this the one?” A female’s voice answers from behind. “The only time you’ll see one of a stunted size I suppose,” And then she’s peering at him through narrowed eyes, “and the markings match as well.” She seemed to be a woman made of tougher mettle in order to be in their ranks, and it showed through her cold, neutral expression.  “Good. I’ve tired of this manhunt. Just our luck that it had to be the last one we came across.” Loki glares at the both of them, but his eyes water from the pain. The blond man sighs, slumping his shoulders and rolling his sword arm. Nodding to the one holding him down. His arms are twisted behind his back as they clap his wrists in enchanted cuffs before being pulled to his feet by a barrel of a man and forced to march.  --- They took him to the main temple hall. Or at least, what had once been such. Giant support columns had toppled and shattered against the floor where greedy soldiers picked at the rare embedded jewels, using their swords and knives to chip away at it. Some held torches near the walls, melting off the intricately carved patterns and stories of their royal line to get at the frosted gold flaked leaf beneath. And at the end of it sitting on the edge of the sacrificial altar with all the legendary arrogance Loki had heard of was the one who could only be Thor Odinson.  But perhaps the greatest indignity of it all was the stolen Casket of Winters reduced to a mere foot rest for the Thunderer.  Hate was an ugly feeling that crawled up his throat as he leered at the Aesir. The Odinson had his head rested on the back of his hand and simply smiled a cruel smirk on what would have otherwise been a handsome face.  Loki tried thrashing against the man holding him in a cast iron grip. Unfortunately, the boor that held him was the biggest of the bulk, and his efforts were that of a child’s. Until suddenly he was discarded at Thor Odinson’s feet and made to kneel at spear point by the guards flanking their prince.  He took a long moment to stare, and then had the audacity to look bored as he spoke.  “Loki Laufeyson. The most worthless of the three. You live only because of your cowardice in the face of battle. I felled your brothers on the field, and you aren’t even half of what they were.”  The two of them now could not have made for a more antithetical pair. The golden prince of Asgard was visibly the consummate warrior, and despite their heights not being too dissimilar, such training that it would entail would never have been an option to him in a land of giants. Loki senses that on this alone, the Odinson might loathe him most of all, and he wonders how painful and humiliating his execution is to be.  “Yet, anything less than what is fully Jotun is perhaps a small mercy.” he mocks. A few of his men laugh at the poor joke.  Loki, in no mood to be humoured, rises slowly to his full height. Dead soon he may be, but he will not die on his knees. He’s weaponless and bound, but trading barbs has always been his preferred form of inflicting damage “And how does the Aesir’s self-righteousness see it fit to take what is of Jotunheim’s if it is so base to you? Our treasures, our home?” Loki spits out.  The Odinson raised an eyebrow as if mildly amused he even dared to speak out. “Such a wretched bleak rock does not deserve the name.” Taking the blackened blood stained crown of Laufey’s, he tossed it into the pile of loot and brought his face closer. “But gold is gold you see. It does not tarnish.” eyes scanning his body where similar items adorned him. It was not much, but Loki has heard of the Aesir’s greed, how they covet and cover everything in it.  Thor stands to where the casket lies, quiet and innocuous, deceiving to those who weren’t aware of its terrible strength. How could we have lost? was Loki’s only disbelief.  When he spoke, Loki heard the admiration in his tone. “My father will be proud to have this in his collection. And no realm shall ever defy Asgard again, not on my rule when tales spread of today.” His fingers brush the side and caresses a handl
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

freeform: 
Dark Thor
Possessive Thor
Jotun Loki
War Spoil
Sexual Slavery
Enemies to Lovers
Dubious Consent
Mpreg
Illusion Fantasy Kinks
Culture Shock
heavy denial
Slow Burn
Intersex Loki
Thorgy Gangbang
Trauma Exploration
survivor's guilt
Worldbuilding
Racism & Blackmail
Psychological Sexual Abuse
Political Intrigue & Scheming
Corrupt Power Structures
Backsliding & Vice
No Easy Gains in these Games
Earn Your Happy Ending
(Nonetheless the Ending is Happy)

fandom: 
Loki/Thor (Marvel)
Loki/Thor

