Chapter 1: The Bank
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

 “Spider-man, What is your ETA?” 

“Closing in on the last sighting point.”

“Keep us posted. Iron Man has been seen in the area.”

“Roger that, Spider-man out.”

There really was no feeling quite like web-slinging through the New York City streets. The energy of the always lively city thrummed through his bones as he soared above the cars and people, narrowly avoiding obstacles and posing mid-air for the many who cheered for him. It was a powerful and relaxing feeling which never failed to draw him out of any unpleasant moods. Today was no different and he felt electrified as he swung towards the last sighting of the supervillain Iron Man.

Anyone with half a brain knew that Tony Stark was Iron Man. The billionaire didn't attempt to hide it, and the only thing he didn't do was actually say he was Iron Man. The only reason he wasn't arrested was because despite how obvious it was that Tony Stark was Iron Man no one could find any solid proof of that fact. So SHIELD and a group of heroes called the Avengers would be called in to fight the man whenever he made an appearance. No one knew why he would rob banks and jewelry stores -he was one of the richest men on earth he wasn't exactly hurting for money- it was like the man was doing it just because he could.

Peter was not a part of SHIELD or the Avengers. He was a superhero who worked alone (most people called him a vigilante.) Today SHIELD had called in a favor he owed them to go and check out a bank robbery believed to be committed by Iron Man. The Avengers were currently out of the country and SHIELD just didn't have any agents to spare (or that's what they claim.) Honestly, Peter had a suspicion that SHIELD and the Avengers were simply grasping at straws. No one had been able to apprehend the villain yet and Peter had yet to try. It wasn't that he was actively avoiding the supervillain, he's just never had the chance to cross paths with him. Most of the time the Avengers were on the scene before he could even consider engaging Iron Man, so he never worried about it. It seemed today would be his chance to try his hand at taking him down.

Landing silently on the rooftop across from the bank Peter quickly scans the area for the flash of gold and black. The street was eerily silent, the only sign of Iron man the blasted open doors to the bank. He could hear police sirens in the distance as he quickly made his way to the doors and inside the building, eyes scanning across the empty bank that had minimal damage. An interesting fact about Iron Man was how polite he was for a supervillain. He almost never took hostages unless absolutely necessary and even then he never harmed them. He didn't do any unnecessary damage to whatever building or location he was attacking and Tony Stark would always pay for the damage done to the building. The emptiness of the bank lobby told Peter the villain had not taken any hostages this time. Straining his ears for any sounds of Iron Man only to squint his eyes in confusion. Was that..?

“...I am Iron Man.”

A surprised laugh bursts from the teen because, really? Iron Man is playing ‘Iron Man’ while robbing a bank. It somehow didn't even surprise him. Making his way towards the music that grows louder the deeper he goes into the bank. Although he finds the villain to be amusing and is a big fan of his snappy quips when fighting heroes Peter hasn't forgotten how dangerous this man is. One lapse in attention or wariness and he could wind up fatally injured or dead.

He finds him in the big safe located in the far back of the bank. The music is booming from the infamous black and gold suit as he uses one of his blasters to cut through the door. He was bopping his head along with the song as he worked and paused for a moment to sing into an invisible microphone in hand. Peter wondered for a moment if he had somehow managed to sneak up on this man until Iron Man, without breaking a beat in his singing, stuck his other hand out and shot him in his chest.

Of course, his spidey sense reacted a second before it hit his chest so it didn't help at all. Yelping in pain the teen catches himself against the wall before lunging away a second later to avoid the second blast. The next few moments consist of Peter narrowly dodging blasts from the suit and Iron Man continuing his one-man concert while opening the thick safe doors.

“Woah!” running up a wall and pushing off with a strong kick, Peter aims for Iron Mans vulnerable back. A strong hand clamps firmly around his ankle and a sickening crack is heard even over the music. Vision whiting out from the pain in his ankle Peter just barely manages to hold in a scream as he is thrown across the room. Painting on the floor he feels panic welling up in him, because how the hell does he beat this guy if he can't even touch him?

“Thanks for the workout!” The villain calls over his shoul
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

freeform: 
Prompt Fic
Tumblr Prompt
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Villain Tony Stark
my attempt at humor
don't take this story seriously you guys
its just a big crack fest
but you guys like it so i’ll keep going

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Peter Parker

