Chapter 1: Shock
    




Chapter Text

Testing
 
First day of school was stressful for everyone. Getting supplies, and making sure you had the right ones for the classes, while not over doing it as to look like an over prepared geek- even at Midtown, where they were all geeks and nerds. Find the right classes, and reconnecting with fake friend groups you never talked to over the summer. Making a good first impression on your teachers. Everything down to your shoes had to be perfect.The second day was always easier because you didn’t care by then.
 
The first day of Junior year wasn’t like that. You already knew the school supply list was crap and brought your own pack of Kleenex to go during winter and a folder and pencil and few pieces of paper to every class, because you knew that you didn’t need a big binder that you never used. You already knew where all the rooms and classes were because you’ve passed them too many times to not have it engraved into your memory. You had already made friends and already had your spots at the Lunch room and you ate with your grade anyway, so it really didn’t matter. And all the teachers either knew about you or didn’t and by that point it was hard to change their opinions of you, because they knew you were all fake during the first moment you walked in this school anyway, so whatever. You wore sweatpants and a T-shirt and didn’t care cause it didn’t matter. 
 
Yep, Junior year was getting off to a chill start. No stress or pressure, you’ve been coming to school for 11 years now and you had your own system. Teachers expect you to have your shit together especially at Midtown. And popularity groups didn’t matter anymore because you were applying for college and SAT and ACT were coming up and you’ve got to study for them. You had no time to think about what your social status was and who was being fake to you and who wasn’t. You just rolled with it at this point. It didn’t matter anyway, you were going to college soon and living your own life, it didn’t matter if you saw these people again ever.
 
Even being a block away, Peter was still as nervous as he was when he left the apartment to walk to school. But that was normal, for Peter to be anxious and nervous and jumpy and 

waiting for something to happen

. It was a Peter Parker thing, and he wasn’t as anxious and nervous and jumpy and 

waiting for something to happen

, as he was during Freshman or Sophomore year. He opened his phone to check his schedule that was emailed to him. 
 

So what are you gonna do Pete?

 
He shook the memory of Toomes in the car from his head. It was so random and unwanted. He stared more intently at the phone in his hand then necessary.
 
The classes he took that year were mostly study halls since he didn’t have to take PE and he had one more year of English, this year was AP Lit with Mr.Harrington. Peter would prefer Mr.Harrington over most teachers here, even if he was a little awkward, and unlike his AP Lang teacher last year. Lit was easier than Lang anyway, he would know, he studied the textbooks at the Library. What? He had nothing better to do. Then he had AP Bioengineering with Mr.Stix, because he’d already taken AP Bio in Freshman year. Mr.Stix was a nice guy, but gave killer tests but easy quizzes. Then it was AP Economics with Mr.Buntrix, who was a grade A pain in the ass apparently. But it was required for Midtown students to take Personal Finance and Econ, or AP Econ. Sure he would have taken the two separate courses, but Peter was always an overachiever and it’d be his last required class to take because he’d already passed the Advanced High School Diploma requirement of 4 levels in each of the core classes, 2 PE/Health courses, 1 Fine Art/ Music, 1 Engineering/Computer course, and Personal Finance & Econ/AP Econ. He had Junior Lunchtime, and then AP Mechanical Engineering with Mr.Stone, who really didn’t care what his students did, so long as they didn’t die and he was the only Mechanical Engineering teacher they had, so he was kid of stuck with him. Not that Peter minded, he liked having free reign over stuff like that without someone breathing down your neck. Especially when he was making Spidey gear. Then on his alternate day, he started with, Calculus BC with Ms.Nora, who was also a pretty chill teacher, but Calculus BC  was the highest math course that he could take, so he might do a college online course next year. He also had Mr.Fitz for AP Psych, and he was a hard case sometimes, but most of the time he was cool and chill, so long as you didn’t do anything to piss him off. Then he had AP Chemical Engineering with Ms.Kelly, having taking AP Chem with her last year, he was sort of excited this year, also he needed a Chemistry lab to make his webs. As long as he sat in the back he should be good, she never really paid attention to the back as much as she should’ve, or scratch that, she never really paid attention to Peter because she trusted him and he was a good and sma
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds

freeform: 
Angst
hurt sort of comfort
Hurt No Comfort
Hurt/Comfort
Unrequited Love
Sort Of
Teenagers
Awkwardness
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter I can't communicate my feelings Parker
Michelle is trying
Ned Leeds is a Good Bro
Ned Leeds is the best bro
Seriously he deserves everything
5+1 Things
cause why not
Homework
Texting
Memes
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Flash is an Asshole
Peter is learning
slowly
Peter Parker is a Puppy
who needs protection
by any means necessary

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds & Peter Parker
Michelle Jones & Ned Leeds

