Chapter 1: Jesse x reader
    


Summary:

You don't know what you expected to happen when you ran away from your yandere. This however surely wasn't it.





Chapter Text
There's a nice little apartment in the middle of a gangs warzone. It's small but it's the only nice thing you've ever called yours. You've been living here about six months maybe ten no one seems to remember or keep track of the dates down here.
There's been an only increasing amount of times where it just felt like you should hug and kiss away at your outlaw captor. You had anything you could want an ask and some shipping away. It helped that what was happening to you now was nowhere near as awful of all the paranoid thoughts you had constantly before this happened to you. In fact the only “bad thing” about it was that you felt it wasp unbearably stuffy and claustrophobic.
He would bring you whatever takeout suit your fancy and there wasn't a moment where you didn't feel like Jesse just wasn't your cute scruffy boyfriend. It was the sort of life you'd been wishing about for years as you worked numerous jobs and still couldn't pay all the bills.
You've never had anyone take care of you in such a way and as good as you knew it to be there was always the nagging little voice telling you didn't belong here. So you ran the door was unlocked for you anyways but you left .
When you are a couple miles away you get the feeling that you should go back because you don't belong here either. The emptiness is worse. You start to head back but It was more ironic you were going to die leaving in your “escape”.
there's deadlock everywhere and they think it's a lucky break when they find you all by yourself. Old “veteran” deadlock members who've been out of the slammer more than once but was always let you one way or another.
You were vaguely certain you had seem one of them wanted for murder and you made longer slightly quicker glides with your feet hoping they wouldn't notice. But they do and you use everything you have to get away from them you scratch,bite and scream and all it ends up getting you is a slower death .
They start with your legs, breaking them first and working their way up. Jesse only realizes you are gone moments after that he gets a feeling in his stomach that pulls him down the alleyways .
When he finds you there's a lot of blood everywhere and he just shuts down for a second . He feels small because this image reminds him so much of another . Jesse shoots them down and begs the devil to finish his work of taking them down with him .
There's no use in hiding them away just another couple of dead gang members in the street. Jesse picks you up and you feel heavy in his arms like it's only a matter of time before you become too heavy and decide to become a lithe angel. It scares him more than anything else ever has before and he wants to scream.
His unsteady hands don't help much but they get the biotic healer up and running real quick.There's a bright glow of yellow light that engulfs you makes all the pain in your legs begin to subside. It doesn't go away completely not right away anyway, You keep trying to apologize in your delirium .
You don't realize how much of your past you end up giving away.Jesse doesn't say a word or maybe he does, you just can't hear him either way. He doesn't bring you back to the apartment. He ends up using more bullets then he planned on.
You wake up bloody yet healed, groggy there's an old country song playing in the background but besides that its silent. You can tell Jesse wants to say something to you but he holds back.
You start blabbering away at everything hysterically. “I'm just glad you are still here, darling”. You hate how there's no anger or sternness in his voice. It makes you feel even worse. You keep crying and leaning on to his shoulder until there's no tears left to cry and you become numb and empty. Jesse holds you closely and he is enough to take away the thoughts plaguing your mind.
You fall asleep leaning on his shoulder knowing that maybe your feelings will always be coming back but as long as he's there you will have enough to get through all of it. Jesse keeps on driving to a place in the desert that doesn't have gangs let alone a town corrupting its space. It's the closest thing he has ever had to a home.
Its old and luckily there isn't much rain here because there are holes held together by pans and trash bags. But this was home to him nonetheless. He hoped maybe it could be at least a calming place to you now. The air mattress was lucky and escaped the dust and Jesse gets started on cleaning up he place starting with your room first. He works on fixing up the foundation as you sleep.
You wake up later and keep busy by going through the old comics and books Jesse had on the shelves. you couldn't help but chuckle at the little text notes Jesse has left throughout the pages. With a little more digging you were sure you'd find some fanfiction lying around somewhere. You stayed like th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Jesse McCree/Reader
Genji Shimada/Reader
Soldier: 76 | Jack Morrison/Reader
Reaper | Gabriel Reyes/Reader
Hanzo Shimada/Reader
Reinhardt Wilhelm/Reader
Orihara Izaya/Reader
Moira O'Deorain/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Kira Yoshikage (JoJo: Diamond is Unbreakable)/Reader
Higashikata Josuke (JoJo: Diamond is Unbreakable)/Reader
Yamagishi Yukako/Reader
Yagiyama Yotsuyu/Reader
Kujo Jotaro/Reader

freeform: 
Yandere
Consensual Sex
Polyamory
Stalking
Alternate Universe
Angst
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Angst with a Happy Ending
Time Travel Fix-It
Oral Sex
Standcest (JoJo)
Threesome
Gender-Neutral Pronouns
Hand & Finger Kink
jojolion - Freeform
Human/Monster Romance
Reader-Insert

fandom: 
Jesse McCree/Reader
Genji Shimada/Reader
Soldier: 76 | Jack Morrison/Reader
Reaper | Gabriel Reyes/Reader
Hanzo Shimada/Reader
Reinhardt Wilhelm/Reader
Orihara Izaya/Reader
Moira O'Deorain/Reader
Steve Rogers/Reader
Kira Yoshikage (JoJo: Diamond is Unbreakable)/Reader
Higashikata Josuke (JoJo: Diamond is Unbreakable)/Reader
Yamagishi Yukako/Reader
Yagiyama Yotsuyu/Reader
Kujo Jotaro/Reader

