Chapter 1: Tall, non-fat vanilla latte with soy milk
    


Notes:
Please be aware that this is the follow-up to 'I told I had issues'. Some of these stories won't make a lot of sense if you haven't read that first.




Chapter Text
“There you go.” Peter set a tall paper cup on Tony’s desk.Tony looked up from his project and eyed it suspiciously. “What is that? Are you trying to poison me, now?”“Tall, non-fat vanilla latte with soy milk”“So you are trying to poison me.”“It’s coffee,” Peter said with a hint of impatience.“Barely,” Tony sniffed.Peter quirked an eyebrow. “Not what you said after I took your coupon.”“It wasn’t that big a deal.”“Happy said you cried about it.”“I’m going to fire him.”“All right – I made up the part about the crying.”Tony sighed and turned his back on Peter, focussing on his project again. “You shouldn’t have spent all that money on something I’m not even going to drink.”Peter blew out a long, irritated breath, crossing his arms. “It’s actually just black coffee. To make up for the coupon I stole.”“You also stole a few hundred bucks.” Tony reminded him.“You’re being an asshole.” Peter growled. “I’m trying to do something nice here, which – by the way – is kind of new to me. Can you just drink the freaking coffee? It’s not hard.”He turned on his heel and stormed out, slamming the door behind him.-Clint looked up when the elevator doors opened and Peter stomped into the lobby with a thunderous look on his face.“All right there, kid?” He asked, setting his coffee mug back on the table in front of him.“Tony’s an asshole,” Peter snarled.“I can relate. You and him fighting?”Peter nodded.“How come?”“I bought him coffee.”“How very dare you.” Clint said.“He’s an asshole.”“So you’ve said,” Clint said, frowning. “Maybe ease up on the swearing, though?”“What, are you Captain ‘Hawkeye’ America now?”Clint gave him an unwavering stare. Peter huffed, then finally looked away. “Fine. Sorry. I’m just pissed.”“Here, how about this,” Clint held up that months Forbes magazine. Tony was smirking at them from the cover. “You can cut it out and use it to throw darts at. Trust me, it works wonders.”-“I think the kid is mad at me again,” Tony announced to Pepper when she came down to the workshop. “Did you see him?”Pepper leant against the doorframe. “No – and what did you do this time?”“Nothing. I’m totally innocent. Can you go talk to him?”“No, Tony.” Pepper said. “I can’t always fix this stuff for you.”“But I don’t even know what I did wrong.”“Why don’t you tell me what happened, and I’ll tell you what you did wrong.” Pepper said, a small smile on her face.Tony glowered at her, but then did recount the short conversation from that morning, while Pepper listened patiently. “See?” He concluded. “It’s all water under the bridge. If I accept his gift, it would seem like I haven’t forgiven him for taking my stuff.”“No,” Pepper said slowly, “If you don’t accept his gift, it seems like you haven’t forgiven him for taking your stuff.”Tony blinked at her. “What do you mean? I told him it wasn’t a big deal and that he shouldn’t have bothered.”“Tony, I love you, but you’re hopelessly tactless,” Pepper informed him.-When Tony entered the lobby, he found Peter and Clint sitting at the table. Clint gave him a sympathetic look: Clearly he had been subjected to Peter’s ranting about how Tony was the worst person on the planet. Peter’s posture was stiff and he didn’t acknowledge Tony.Tony sat down and steepled his fingers together. “It has been brought to my attention that I was a bit too short with you this morning.”“Has it also been brought to your attention that you’re an asshole?” Peter asked with a waspish edge.“No,” Tony said, “I pretty much knew that already.”He watched as Peter tried to suppress a chuckle, the boy’s shoulders quivering ever so slightly. Point for Tony. “Look, kid, I was just trying to make clear to you that you don’t owe me anything. Didn’t we clear all this up months ago? I don’t even understand where you suddenly got the idea to get me coffee today.”“Well, me neither!” Peter exclaimed. “I just came by a coffee place today and it reminded me... Didn’t think I’d get yelled at for my trouble...”Tony frowned. “I didn’t yell at you. But if you felt like a didn’t appreciate it, I’m sorry. And by the way, I did drink the coffee, all right? It was good. In fact, it was heavenly.”“Really?” Peter said, his eyes lighting up. That was clearly all he needed to hear, and Tony couldn’t help but be annoyed at himself for causing a fight over something as simple as Peter wanting to give him some coffee.“Yes, really. Thank you for buying it for me. So are we good?”Peter nodded.“Okay,” said Tony.“Okay,” said Peter.“Hang on,” said Clint.The others turned to him.“Seems to me one more apology is in order,” Clint continued.Tony sputtered. “What did I do now?”“Not you,” Clint told him, before fixing Peter with a pointed look.Peter huffed and shoved his hands in his pockets, slouching in his chair. “Fine. Sorry I calle
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Avengers Family
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Parent Tony Stark
Parent Pepper Potts
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Past Sexual Abuse
One Shot Collection
Mentioned Skip Westcott
Smart Peter Parker
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Past Child Abuse
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

