Chapter 1: Wanda's Ideals
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text

  Why are there so many highs and downs in Wanda’s powers?  
No end in sight.That’s how Wanda Maximoff’s case felt like for all involved parties.First there was the fact that so many literal countries wanted a piece of her. Their priority was to fight the army of lawyers employed by Tony Stark… of course after certain revelations in the form of Sokovian video tapes proving that Stark wasn’t exactly of sound mind when building Ultron, the billionaire pulled all support from the “Exvengers”, “Team Cap”, “Rogues”, and the endless list of names the media came up.One would think that this would make life easier for Sokovia, South Africa, South Korean, Nigeria and Germany. Not so much when Sokovia was being quite the advocate for death penalty, South Korea was scowling at everything unable to even make a concrete stand on how to punish Maximoff, both African countries were almost mute in their rage and Germany just wanted to slap a persona non grata on her since… well… destruction of property… billions of it… while bad, wasn’t the torture and deaths the other countries were demanding justice for.That when they couldn’t solve the most basic need: court.Perhaps one of the harshest slaps in the face, as far as Rogers is concerned since he knew that it was directed at him came from Rhodes.“Diplomacy and bureaucracy certainly gets in the way but the alternative is disrespecting one of the very powerful countries and globalizations means more than people owning something “made in China”. It means that sometimes we are completely dependent on another country to eat… after all…U. S. doesn’t get fed on corn alone.” He waited for the polite laugher to subside, “Aside from that, Ms. Maximoff is being sued by civilians. Wakanda, as a government, has expressed their… opinion on the matter by refusing Ms. Maximoff entry on their country at the same time that they pulled their own grievances from… interfering. However, Wakandans were also casualties in Lagos and their families expressed wishes to make their voices heard. Dr. Stark and Mr. Shade refused to comment aside from also wanting to see justice being done. Whatever consensus is reached about court and jail, the civilians who are filling suits only ever want to be a part of it.”The countries involved reached the decision to let the ICC. Tony himself has no idea if this was a good way out, it set the precedent for Enhanced to be trialed by the ICC and that can either be good or bad.It was bullshit and they all knew it but they were honestly out of options. It was argued genocide on the account of Ultron’s intention – even if Wanda and her brother got cold feet on that exact part – it was argued crime against humanity due to Johannesburg which is a lot less bullshit, to the point of being scary, but still doesn’t really fit. It was even argued war crimes on the grounds of what Wanda did in Hydra’s name and no one could argue that last one.For all the controversy that Captain America generated – mostly due to U. S. stirring things up – his case was almost straightforward. Each country laid their charges and the man got almost sixty years in an EU prison with rehabilitation and mandatory therapy. It would be life sentence if Stark have decided to press for accessory after the fact but no one could blame the man for not wanting to even be in the same room as Rogers again, not even the more die hard Cap fans could call him out on that.The hope was that the first half a dozen trials would set the precedent. But for all their boasting, Barton and Romanoff were Baseline humans as are Wilson and Lang without their respective techs. While Rogers was a little more difficult, it was nothing that reinforced walls couldn’t handle.But Maximoff? Aside from the ‘inhumane’ ways of blocking her powers, there was no making everyone happy.Nigeria rightly put the onus about Lagos on Romanoff and Rogers for being Maximoff’s more experienced COs and trainers. They green lighted the mission, they decided that Maximoff was ready, they had orders and mission parameters that – they had on tape – caught Maximoff herself by surprise.Sokovia, Nigeria and South Africa were putting all their resources together and Wanda has never been camera shy, it wasn’t long until a footage found itself on their table that had everybody so confused that they couldn’t even find the words for it.The joke was that the specialists needed were exactly the people that don’t want to ever be in the same room as Maximoff ever again. They couldn’t call Stark, Cho and Banner anyways since they were compromised for Maximoff’s case. They couldn’t even call Pym since it was superficially connected with Stark and they all collectively rolled their eyes at that.Instead they called Dr. Hank McCoy, Dr. Charles Xavier and Dr. Stephen Strange for it which put their names in an even greater international standing. Consult
[starting tags]
relationship: 
None
freeform: 
Not Wanda Friendly
not for Wanda fans
Not Steve Friendly
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Comic Book Science
Swearing
Extremis Tony Stark
Civil War Team Iron Man
Mentions of Suicide
No major character
Cussing

fandom: 
None
