Work Text:
 
Lately I've been, I've been losing sleep / dreaming about the things that we could be / but baby I've been, I've been praying hard / said no more counting dollars we'll be counting stars

- Counting Stars; One Republic
 Peter could’ve sworn that his heart stopped the moment that he heard the name Harry Osborn. He paused with fingers over his keyboard to look up at the news report, showing a blurry, grainy, most likely taken from a phone image of a vaguely familiar boy getting into a car. The image was black-and-white, and Peter wondered if Harry Osborn still had those cerulean eyes like small galaxies. “Harry,” Peter breathed out, feeling equal parts elation and guilt. Elation for the fact that his childhood best friend was back in the city, back where he belonged, and overwhelming guilt. Peter remembered crying non-stop the day Harry had been taken away to boarding school halfway across the world, clutching him to his ten-year-old chest, getting Harry's expensive dress shirt soaked through with salt and tears. They’d promised to keep in contact, but with new schools, new countries, opposite time zones and the distance it never really worked out, and their emails had dwindled to once a month, if one of them remembered, and eventually stopped altogether. Peter still remembered sitting at his laptop for years after the emails had stopped, fingers on the keys, Harry’s email address typed into the subject bar. He’d never gotten any further than that, because what would he say? You’re my best friend, you always will be, I’m sorry that this didn’t work out and I’m pretty sure that I’ve been in love with you since I was eight years old? That, of course, added a whole other layer of guilt when he thought about Gwen. He loved Gwen, god he did, she was smart, intelligent, thoughtful and beautiful just like Harry was and she was everything that Peter had ever asked for. Yet it felt strangely like he was betraying the ghost of a memory of Harry Osborn, who was on the covers of magazines with his arm around busty supermodels. It didn’t stop Peter from slamming his laptop shut and gapping it out of the café as soon as the news report had ended and had moved on to the normal stuff. He hailed the first cab he saw and drummed his fingers on his legs the entire ride over to the Osborn mansion. He’d spent so much time there as a child he knew that he’d be able to navigate the many hallways and rooms that he’d chased a recalcitrant Harry through. Peter knew that Harry had always looked up to his father, wanted his love and appreciation and acceptance that he’d never get, and Peter hated the older man for it. Even if he was dead, Peter wasn’t going to suddenly pretend like he was a great guy when all he’d ever done was look out for himself and never gave a single smile to his son who so desperately wanted to please his father. “That’s $20.17, lad,” the cabbie said. Peter pulled some change out of his pocket, patting his coat down for some coins, wondering when it’d suddenly become so expensive to go just a few blocks. He pressed the money into the cabbie’s hand and pulled himself out of the cab, staring up at the huge mansion that had haunted his memories for years on end. He’d come here a few times after Harry had gone away, but the guards and servants just kicked him out, sending him sympathetic smiles that never reached their eyes and pitiful glances until he’d gotten the picture. One of those guards was still standing outside, and smiled a little when Peter gave his name. He shuffled awkwardly around the lobby, thumbs slipped into his backpack straps, peering at all of the overly pretentious and ridiculously expensive decorations in the lobby. Just one of them could probably provide food, water and medicine to a small village for a year. He barely picked up the soft footsteps of Harry Osborn, wondering when he’d been classified as a non-threat to his spider senses, and looked up at the face shrouded in shadow when he heard his name. “Peter Parker,” Harry said quietly. “It’s like seeing a ghost.” “Hey, Harry,” Peter replied with a smile, unable to believe that he was standing right before him; the boy, his best friend, his entire world at one point, standing in the flesh. He was in a suit that fitted him much better than they did when he was twelve, but Peter could barely make out his face. Peter knew that Harry must’ve been standing in the shadows for a reason, but wished that he could make eye contact, see if they were still as abnormally blue as he remembered them to be or if he’d just been making that up. False memories, his brain provided, alterations made to memory to seem just as real, usually created a long period of time after the memory has occurred. “Random… it’s been ten years,” Harry noted. “Eight, but close,” Peter corrected. “What’s up?” Harry asked, voice distant. Peter took a few steps toward the stairs, gauging Harry’s reaction. “I just… I saw the news, man. I heard about your dad, I just wanted
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy (briefly)

freeform: 
Peter and Gwen actually break up well
Harry and Peter are totally boyfriends come on
Fix-It
中文翻译 | Translation in Chinese

fandom: 
Harry Osborn/Peter Parker
Peter Parker/Gwen Stacy (briefly)

