Chapter 1





Chapter Text
“Are you going to give me this look every day now?” Stephen crosses his arms and tries to burn Wong’s nonplused expression away with a glare.“That depends.”He gives him twenty rapid, tiny nods, hoping to hear the end of that thought before he starts looking like the funky bobbing heads people stick to their dashboards. “On???”“On how long it takes you to do something about this,” he replies in the same, bored tone he uses when he believes he’s dealing with some major bullshit. Needless to say, he uses that tone with Stephen a LOT as of late.“Do someth…like what!”Wong shrugs, takes a purposefully slow sip of his tea, puts the cup back into the saucer just as slowly and then regards him with his renewed bitch face. “Oh I don’t know…whatever it is kids do these days. Send suggestive PM’s on Instagram, change your status on Facebook or you can totally start with telling him. And asking him out. On a date,” he spells out, cracking a grin that widens with very word. “Very old fashioned but at the same time very effective.”Stephen takes a breath to calm down before he snaps and does something drastic to the other sorcerer…like delete all the songs on his iPod and replace them with ten-hour-versions of awful meme songs. “First, I do not – I repeat – DO NOT need a dating advice from a hermit sorcerer like you and second, it’s not that simple!”Wong’s eyes darken, the grin suddenly becoming sinister. “First, just because I don’t gossip about my love life with you doesn’t mean I don’t have any and second, yes. Yes, it is that simple.”Deciding to completely ignore that disturbing first piece of information, Stephen quickly shakes his head to forget all about it and focuses on the second one. “No. No, it’s not.”“It is.”“Is not!”“Is too.”“What are we, twelve?!”“You might as well be. Although even a twelve year old might have enough mental capacity and balls to go and ask someone out!”“This has nothing to do with - ”“Oh please, the only reason you’re not in the Compound right now making out with the man is because you’re scared. Sorcerer Supreme…more like Coward Supreme.”Stephen stands up from the sofa, towering over the sorcerer comfortably sitting in the armchair and currently sporting a very shit-eating grin. “You take that back right now.”“Why? It’s true.”“Is not!”“Oh for Merlin’s sake you are twelve! Alright. I’ll take it back…when you go ask him out and prove me wrong!”Stephen flails, his wannabe intimidating move clearly having zero effect.“What are you even afraid of? It’s not like he’s going to say no.”“Oh really? And where do you keep your all-knowing crystal ball, hm?”“He gave you his phone number. Years ago!”“That was before - ”“Before what? Before you became a penniless hobo wizard without a paid job?”Pretty much. Stephen nods, keeping his stubborn flare.“If you think he gives a damn about that, then maybe you need to reconsider your opinion of the man.”“He doesn’t date men.”“His dating history says otherwise and then there’s his blatantly open bisexuality everyone knows about.”“And you know that because you’re his biggest fangirl, don’t you?” Stephen scoffs, sitting back down.“His number one stan. And damn straight I am!”“Well maybe you should go ask him out!”Wong’s grin melts back into his default stare as he leans back into the armchair. “Maybe I will,” he says, raising a daring eyebrow.“Yeah, right.”“Try me,” Wong threatens and goes back to sipping his tea.“Fine! You know what? Do whatever you want! I’m out!” he announces and all that’s left to make him look like a preschooler throwing a tantrum is stomping with his foot before portalling out of the Sanctum…to the Compound.Because of course that would be the first place he would think of.“God dammit, Wong,” he mumbles and walks inside.It’s not like he has anything better to do, so he might as well hang out in the lab for a while. While absolutely not asking Tony out anywhere!When he descents to Tony’s lab, the door opening without any prompting, instead of finding the engineer inside he comes face to face with four very deer-in-headlights looking teenagers.“DOCTOR WIZARD!” Peter greets him immediately, the constipated look on his face only intensifying.“That is him?” the quite majestic looking girl asks with a curious accent.“Uh-hm,” Ned answers, unusually quiet and with a lot less animated motions.“Looked taller on the internet,” the unknown fourth teen shrugs while looking Stephen over, not at all impressed.Stephen narrows his eyes, snapping his gaze to the spiderboy. “Peter. Ned,” he nods at the two. “What is this, some afterschool lab club I don’t know about?”Ned quickly nods yes while Peter shakes his head no and the second they notice they’re sending some suspiciously mixed signals, each does the opposite at the same time again – making it look even more suspicious.“Well…it’s…this is Harley!” Peter jumps over to the tall-ish, somewhat blonde teen. “He’s here for a week from Tennessee. He’s a friend of ours…and Mr. Stark’s! 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

freeform: 
Fluff
Humor
oblivious Stephen
savage Wong
Peter Parker & Shuri Friendship
plus Harley Keener
the kids have a plan
because the parents are oblivious idiots
Supremefamily
Dating
kind of
Matchmaking
and Peter is the Supreme Matchmaker
and Mememaster
too many memes
I'm not even sorry though
blame Despacito
Wong is Tony's number one stan
The Cloak is too but he's a closeted one
Cloak of Levitation (Marvel)
lot of movies references

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange

