Chapter 1: Discovery
    




Chapter Text
Steve and Sam had searched for months for the Winter Soldier.  When they found Steve’s best friend, he was confused and angry.  It took some coaxing, but Bucky reluctantly returned with them to Avengers Tower.  It was slow to progress at first.  And after almost a year of intensive therapy, James Buchanan Barnes was now cleared to join the Avengers.  After everything he had endured, Steve knew that Bucky would never be the same.  But that did not matter.  Gradually, some of his old personality peeked through the gruff facade of the Winter Soldier.  Memories of the life they shared so many years ago were discussed and they could laugh at them.  Steve felt so lucky.  Not only did he have his oldest friend back, but he was integrating into the Avengers well.  Out of the group, Steve also counted Tony as his best friend too.  And to have Bucky, Tony and all the others under the same roof made Steve so happy and content.  The two years since waking from the ice had been a whirlwind of space aliens, SHIELD missions, and discovering Hydra endured and his Bucky was alive.  Steve never really had the time to sit and reflect on his time in the ice, the new world he woke up to and those he left behind.  In the back of his mind, he knew there were things he still needed to process, but he was good at deflecting or at least ignoring things.  His nightmares were frequent but he dd not think it interfered with his daily life.  For now, living at the Tower, he was starting to feel somewhat settled.*As he stood alone in his suite, he tried to remember when it all fell apart for him.  He couldn’t drive the image from his mind.  Tears flowed down his face as he processed the scene he had witnessed.  For so long he shoved his feelings and desires down and witnessing what he saw, brought them all up.  He told himself he was happy with friendship and that it was enough.  He knew if they settled with someone, he could deal.  He had loved Bucky practically his whole life.  He knew, even after his transformation, that Bucky would never be interested in him because he was a man.  He was always so careful not reveal his biggest secret.  He was content with them huddling for warmth, knowing that was the closest he would ever be to the older man.  It was the 40’s and Bucky was a ladies’ man.  Steve loved Peggy and respected her, but she wasn’t Bucky. Tony was safer to love.  Pepper was a constant by his side and they were a beautiful couple.  Everyone could feel the love between the two.  He heard rumors that Tony may be bisexual but dismissed the gossip.  Steve was there for Tony when he suffered the heartbreak of their separation.  It took some time, but Tony emerged stronger than before.  He survived the end of his romantic life with Pepper.  Steve knew Tony would eventually find a new love and he never stood a chance.  Steve would deal with it, just like he always did. Steve was over the moon when he saw Tony and Bucky bonding.  His two best friends had similar personalities.  They were gregarious, mischievous, and generous.  Tony helped Bucky continue to emerge from his shell.  He rebuilt the arm which provided him with a more comfortable limb. Perhaps, Steve was as oblivious as he was rumored to be.  But that evening, he had walked down to Tony’s lab and through the small slit of the closed door, he watched as Tony and Bucky were locked in a lover’s embrace.  They kissed passionately for a few moments.  When Tony stepped back, they shared a smile and a laugh as Tony smoothed some of Bucky’s hair behind his ear.  Bucky then hugged the smaller man and they stood there enjoying the warmth of each other.  Steve stepped back as his breath hitched.  His heart was pounding as his eyes watered.  He returned to the elevator.  He practically jumped when heard Jarvis say, “Captain Rogers, I am reading a disturbing trend in your heart rate and breathing pattern.  Perhaps I should inform Mr. Stark of your current condition.” “No!”  Steve said too quickly.  “Just take me to my floor, Jarvis.  And please refrain from reading my vital signs.”  Steve added. “Yes, of course, Captain.”  Steve closed his eyes as he felt the elevator ascend smoothly to his destination.  Tears poured from his shuttered eyelids as his heart shattered. When he reached his floor, the doors opened and Steve stumbled out.  The door automatically opened and he was grateful for the solitude of his apartment at Avengers Tower.  “Privacy settings, Jarvis.”  He choked out. “Yes, of course Captain Rogers.  Please inform me when to resume the normal protocols.” Steve couldn’t answer the AI.  He headed to the bathroom to wash off his face, but it was no use.  He couldn’t help the tears that poured from him.  He stood there sobbing until his legs were too weak to hold his weight.  He dropped to the floor.  He never knew his heart could break so greatly.  He had dealt with so much in his life: orphaned at a young age and trying to survive th
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Eventual Happy Ending
Angst
Depression
Suicidal Thoughts
Bottom Steve Rogers
Adorable Steve Rogers
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Tony Stark
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Hurt Steve Rogers
Virgin Steve Rogers
Strong Language
Steve Rogers Has PTSD
Insecure Steve Rogers
Depressed Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

