Work Text:
It didn't take long for him to run out of logically necessary actions that fell under the heading of evade capture, go to ground. He found some crowds of people congregating just outside the disaster zone and picked a succession of pockets, dropping each pilfered wallet in the place of the next after stripping out cash and cards. He dropped the last on the ground and found a shop that would sell him clothes--a black hooded shirt, a black hat--as a rudimentary disguise. He'd already donned the thin glove and applied the matte paint that camouflaged his arm when necessary.
He found a high, quiet place where he could see all the approaches and from which he could flee when it became necessary. By the time his breathing settled he'd realized that he didn't know what to do next. 
He was evading his own handlers as well as all other retribution because he'd believed in the man with the star on his chest. That man had said, You're my friend and Your name is James Buchanan Barnes and Bucky.
He could keep believing that. He could choose his own mission, instead of waiting to have one assigned. He could choose to be Bucky.
He didn't know how to do any of that, but Bucky wasn't going to let that stop him.In order to be Bucky, he had to learn who Bucky was. His first instinct was to gather intel via surveillance, but that would mean observing himself, which would only be holding a mirror up to an empty mirror. Bucky wasn't supposed to be emptiness all the way down--Bucky had a name and a friend--so he would have to fill in the information some other way.
He started with newspapers--they were easy to find, and he knew how to scan them quickly for relevant information. They told him about the disarray of Hydra, and the even greater disarray of SHIELD. 
He found articles about Captain America's role in events, but he himself was not identified at all, not even alluded to, either as Captain America's attempted assassin or as his rescuer. There were sidebars about newly-public information regarding Captain America, aka Steve Rogers. One article mentioned a popular museum exhibit about the Captain's history, and Captain America was Bucky's friend.
If he knew more about Captain America--Steve?--he would know more about Bucky, too. He would go to the museum.It was strange, seeing his own face there. Stranger still, there was video footage--poor quality, without color, but still clear enough to make out his own features. The audio was certainly good enough for him to recognize a voice almost but not quite like his own when Bucky spoke. He memorized the cadences, the turns of phrase. He watched the fond way Steve--Bucky called him Steve--looked at Bucky. He watched the way Bucky looked back. 
You're my friend. I'm with you to the end of the line. The line had begun close to ninety years ago, apparently, and hadn't ended yet.
The biographical information was less important than this, Bucky concluded. Learning the facts of Bucky's former life would help him pass as Bucky, help him convince other people that he was Bucky. But it wouldn't help him be Bucky.
Bucky was Steve's friend. If he wanted to be Bucky, he had to figure out how to do that, too.Surveillance on Steve was well within his capabilities. It didn't take Bucky long to determine two things: Steve had a friend named Sam Wilson, and Steve and Sam were looking for Bucky.
Bucky recognized Sam. He wasn't in the museum displays, or in the books he'd found in the gift shop about Steve and Bucky. Sam had been there that day, the first of Bucky's continuous memory, on the helicarrier. Before he was Bucky, he had broken Sam's wings to stop him from helping Steve. 
It occurred to Bucky, in the way that useful tactics often bloomed without antecedents in his brain, that he might have to apologize to Sam for that. After that he tried to figure out if that meant he should also apologize to Steve for coming so very near to actually killing him, but he didn't think that was required. The idea had never cropped up in relation to Steve, and it didn't fit when he tried to make it. Steve hadn't been angry with him even when Bucky was on the verge of killing him. Steve, Bucky thought, understood about needing to carry out a mission. He understood Bucky.
Sam seemed to understand Steve, though. Sam was Steve's friend, in an effortless-looking way that Bucky found fascinating. Watching them through a scope, he caught looks passing between them that reminded him viscerally of the way he'd seen Steve and Bucky looking at each other on that newsreel. 
Sam knew what Bucky needed to know. Not everything--being Bucky wasn't the same as being Sam, and not just because a blind man could tell them apart at a hundred yards--but being Steve's friend was surely the most important thing about being Bucky. Sam knew more about being Steve's friend, about working with Steve, than anyone else alive. Sam was a good place to start.The easiest time to watch Steve and Sam was in the morning: wherever the
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

freeform: 
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Dissociation
Amnesia

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Sam Wilson
Steve Rogers/Sam Wilson

