Work Text:
For the first time in three days, Steve is arriving home as healthy as when he'd left - no new bruises or split lips or almost broken ribs. He's sure Bucky'll be proud of him, tell him how he hates seeing Steve getting hurt like that (even when it was because some big shot was hassling a girl), and Steve'll grin and make no promises. It's not that he  likes  getting into fights, that would be crazy, but sometimes he can't just be another person who walks past. Anyway, it's summer in Brooklyn, and after a long day he's hot and tired and all he really wants is to flop down on his bed and sleep for a few decades. He's halfway through taking off his jacket and pushing open the bedroom door and-
Fuck.
Bucky's scrambling up from where he was sitting on his own bed, hand obviously in his pants and eyes wide. Steve clamps his own shut, hand still on the door and unable to move. He should probably be used to this by now, having grown up in an orphanage with ten other boys to a room, but for some reason walking in on Bucky like that is a billion times more awkward. Eyes still shut, he backs out of the room, fumbling to close the door behind him. He can still hear Bucky's ragged breathing in his ears. 
Steve is considerably more awake than he had been upon entering the apartment and there are other parts of him that seem a lot more awake too. He should probably be ashamed that the next thing he does is head to the shower, but Steve isn't known for his good ideas so he does it anyway, forearm braced against the cold wall as he jerks himself off fast, seeing Bucky sprawled on the bed behind his eyelids. 
They don't speak about it for three days, and Steve's pretty amazed they'd made it that long; barely able to look each other in the eye without blushing and darting around each other in the corridor. It's finally brought up on a humid evening when they're listening to the radio absently, lounging on the couch and trying to ignore the heat. He's half listening to some song that he's heard a thousand times in the dance halls that Bucky's always dragging him to when it's switched off. He swallows.
"Steve," Bucky begins, and Steve risks a glance at him and yeah, he can feel himself going red already, "We need to talk about this," Bucky takes a breath as if preparing himself, "We're both guys, we both got needs, and sometimes these things happen, right? We can't just ignore each other - we gotta work around this." Bucky sounds like he's giving a pep talk and Steve fights a crazy urge to laugh.
"And I know for a fact that you do it too." Bucky says and that gets Steve's attention. He splutters half words and looks at Bucky properly for the first time in a while. He's smirking.
"Oh come on, you're hardly that subtle," Steve's gripping the edge of the couch so hard his knuckles are turning white, "Anyway, it shouldn't matter that you walked in on me. Hell, it could'a been a lot worse." Steve doesn't want to think about what it could have been. 
"We okay?" Steve takes a deep breath and nods.
"Yeah, Buck. I'm real sorry." 
"You don't need to apologise, pal. We're friends, right? It's not a problem."

 /// 
Steve thinks he probably should have been expecting it to happen again, but even if he had, he would never have thought it would happen within the next week. Actually, he's pretty surprised he hasn't really walked in on him before. He knows that Bucky sometimes has girls over, and those nights Steve will sleep on the couch, so he's not sure why he's never thought about the fact that Bucky probably jerks off too. Like he said, they both have needs.Steve didn't think it was possible, but it feels like the hottest night in Brooklyn he's ever experienced. It's close to midnight and Steve's pretty much given up on the idea of going to sleep; he's lying on top of the sheets in a pair of boxers only, and even with the window thrown wide open it's still swelteringly hot. He's on his side, facing the wall in his bed that would be too small for him if he wasn't so small himself, and he really should have been expecting it but somehow he wasn't.
Bucky moans in the bed next to him. Quiet enough that it wouldn't have woken him had he been asleep, but loud enough that he can hear it through the otherwise silent room. Steve's eyes widen and somehow his ears have turned supersonic because he can hear everything. And he damn wishes he couldn't. There's no mistaking what Bucky's doing, Steve can hear his arm moving against the sheets, the soft breathy noises that slip out his mouth, and all Steve can do is grip the pillow tighter and bite his lip.
He doesn't realise how sharp his breathing has become until Bucky stops. The sudden quiet is almost painful and there's no way that Bucky thinks Steve is asleep now. He expects Bucky to stop, to apologise in a harsh whisper or even leave, but once again, Steve isn't known for his incredible foresight. Bucky starts moving again and Steve doesn't know what to do because Bucky is fully aware tha
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
wow would you look at this
more porn
porn with almost no plot
set before the war
so like brooklyn 1940s
Skinny!Steve

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

