Chapter 1: Pots and Pans
    




Chapter Text
Usually, on a Sunday morning, you woke up because the curtains had been opened and the sunlight was pouring through the window, or Bucky was hogging the sheets. When you woke up this morning, however, the room was dark and you were cocooned in your sheets. As you blearily sat up, you could just hear someone moving around in the kitchen, swearing to themselves. "Shit." You heard Bucky hiss, and you heard the clatter of pots and pans. Presumably he was in the kitchen, trying to make breakfast. You smiled to yourself, before hauling yourself out of bed and grabbing one of Bucky's large jumpers to pull over your head, before stumbling out of your bedroom and into the kitchen, where you found Bucky picking up a variety of pots and pans that had fallen out of the cupboard. "What are you even looking for?" You asked, smiling softly and making him jump. He span around to look at you and sighed."Did I wake you up?" He asked, running his fingers through the very sexy bedhead he'd acquired. You had to admit, you liked having a boyfriend with long hair, if only for how good it looked tousled. 
"Only a little." You joked, joining him and picking up your pots and pans that were strewn along the lino. "How did you even do this?"
"Looking for the frying pan." He grunted, picking up the wok and exammining it. "This it?"
"Nope." You plucked it from his grasp and put it back in the cupboard. "The frying pan's on the counter. I used it last night."
"Right." He stood up and grabbed the frying pan with his left hand, and you winced internally. You knew from experience that nothing good came from Bucky holding things with his metal hand. You'd had far too many broken plates, burst cartons, and warped cutlery to be comfortable with him picking things up with his left hand. 
"Are you going to try and make breakfast?" You asked tentatively. One thing that was blatantly clear about Bucky was his anger issue. He had a very big problem about getting frustrated when simple tasks didn't go his way, and you could tell he was already annoyed that he'd woken you up. Cooking when he was irritated probably wasn't the best idea. 
"Wanted it to be a surprise." He muttered, setting the frying pan gently on the counter and helping you pick up the last of the items from the cupboard. "You always cook, so I wanted to do something for you."
You smiled gently, dusting your hands off. "The gesture was very sweet, Buck." You murmured, reaching up and running your fingers through his bedhead. Reluctantly, he returned the smile. You knew that he enjoyed it when you played with his hair, and you took every opportunity to do so. "But perhaps I should show you how to do breakfast?"
His smile widened, and he pulled you closer, wrapping both his arms around your waist. "Perhaps. Or perhaps we could just go back to bed, now that you're awake."
You laughed. "Oh, I'm sure you've got some pretty good ideas for things we could do, right?"
"Right."
You shook your head, teasing him. "You got me up, Barnes, and now we're making breakfast. I'm hungry."
He groaned, bumping his forehead against yours. "I regret getting out of bed."
"So you should." You managed to wriggle your way out of the embrace and delved back into the cupboard, searching for your waffle iron. "You want waffles?"
"Sure."
"Good." You tugged the waffle iron out and set it on the counter, before looking around for the rest of the ingredients you needed, while Bucky watched you from the counter, seemingly content that he didn't actually have to do anything other than watch you.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
winter soldier/reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

freeform: 
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
bucky barnes has a bedhead
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
winter soldier bedhead
domestic!winter soldier
short bucky drabble
bucky is a little bit nervous
sam supports the falcons
Pre-Captain America: The First Avenger
steve gets laid
bucky get jealous
hints towards smut but no real smut
bucky being adorable
Massages
Back rubs
Jealous Bucky Barnes
bucky is a cutie
bucky surprises reader
1940s
sargent barnes
sargent bucky barnes
Up all night to get Bucky

fandom: 
winter soldier/reader
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader

