Chapter 1: Before
    




Chapter Text
Before everything, before the war, the long sleeps and the nightmare of waking, Bucky’s life had been basic. He’d liked simple things: home cooking, dancing with pretty women and Steve. Anything to do with Steve, really, but if forced he would say his favorite parts had to do with Steve’s cock. Back then, Steve had been proportional. A compact whippet of a boy whose cock seemed an obvious fit to his thin frame. 
The first time Bucky touched it, it was dark and they were rolled together on the floor more by accident than design. They were in Rogers’ apartment, Bucky having come to seek refuge from the wails of his sister’s new baby and the babble of too many excited voices. Mrs. Rogers was at work already and would return with the dawn. Her night shifts were a good excuse for Bucky to get away from home, 
“Steve needs me.” Were powerful watchwords in the Barnes home. Steve was considered a near saint, venerated for his good manners and pathological kindness. Normally, Bucky’s mother would insist that Steve came to them, but even she was overwhelmed by the addition of another life into their overcrowded lives. 
The truth, as always, was that Steve needed Bucky for very little. If anything, the whole ruse covered up how much Steve took care of Bucky.  He was the one that stopped Bucky from drinking grain alcohol on a dare, who listened to Bucky’s rambling bullshit and knew when it was really meant, and Steve was probably the only person in the world that thought Bucky had a brain in his head worth salvaging. 
Steve still went to school, working only a few morning hours at the newsstand to bring home extra coins which meant he was already home long before Bucky got off his shift at the warehouse. Unlike at Bucky’s house where meals were more catch as catch can, Steve would make a real dinner each night that Bucky stayed over. One plate would be lovingly covered for his mother to take to work with her, but the other two they ate at the table, their feet at war with each other under the small space.  All through dinner, Steve would repeat what he’d learned and explained things that Bucky would have tried to sleep through even if he had still been in school. But it was Steve, so Bucky listened and learned. 
Bucky would do the dishes while Steve clicked through radio stations after their impromptu tutoring sessions. They’d start off like normal teenage boys, giving each other hell and roughhousing. Yet, they always ended up on the couch with Bucky’s head in Steve’s lap while Steve drew with one hand and ran his fingers through Bucky’s hair with the other. 
It was the most loved, cherished and protected Bucky ever felt. He had a good family, but they were busy, noisy and not inclined to indulge a nearly grown man in childish affections. They weren’t Steve. 
The night in question, they hadn’t reached their quiet stage yet. One mock vicious exchange had sent them careening to the floor, Steve’s sharp fingers poking Bucky in the ribs as Bucky struggled to pin him. Bucky had meant to grab at his thigh, but...well. Maybe he hadn’t. There were a lot of hot and cold running hormones throbbing through them both just then. Either way, Bucky’s hand landed square on Steve’s crotch. 
“Sorry,” Bucky muttered, but he didn’t draw away quite fast enough and some instinct rolled Steve’s hips into his palm. 
“Oh,” Steve’s eyes closed for a breath stuttering second. 
There was really only so much restraint one could expect an adoring fifteen year old to show. Especially one who had recently discovered the wonders of someone else touching his body courtesy of the adventurous Ms. Martine from down the block. Bucky had thought Steve was the best thing on God’s blighted earth since they were dumb little kids. Combining Steve with sex seemed like greatest idea of all time. 
“Can I?” He rubbed a little. 
“Buck,” Steve reached out and for a moment, seemed ready to shove Bucky away, but instead he brought him closer.
They never quite made it to naked that night, but they managed to get their pants down and fumble erections into sweating palms. Vaguely, Bucky registered that Steve was smaller than him, but he wasn’t in the right headspace to do a through survey. 
Afterwards, messy and flushed, they stared at each like they were strangers. For a brief, cavernous moment, Bucky thought he’d ruined all of it. Their friendship might not survive the impulsive interlude and the words that could now accurately be hurled at them. 
Steve leaned up and brushed his lips over Bucky’s. It was so fast and brief, Bucky wasn’t sure he hadn’t imagined it. 
“Not like that,” Bucky scolded, out of habit. Because he liked to teach Steve things. Steve was so fucking smart, that it gave Bucky a thrill to switch their roles. He caught a hand around the back of Steve’s neck and kissed him like Ms. Martine had taught him. When they parted, Steve’s lips were as red as his cheeks. 
“The floor is hurting my ass,” Steve muttered and Bu
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
top!steve
Small Penis
Codependency
Aftermath of Torture
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

