Chapter 1: Clint
    




Chapter Text
CLINT, thirteen Clint nursed his cup of coffee as he skimmed through the paper at the kitchen counter, one of the few parts of his routine that stayed the same no matter if he was at home or in New York. He heard the soft ding of the elevator and pushed a plate with a Pop Tart sat in front of him towards the edge of the counter without looking up. The routine of being in the tower when Peter came home was something that most of the team had done at one point or another, and for the times when Clint was in the city and not with his own kids he enjoyed spending the time with Tony and Pepper’s kid.“Your Mom and Dad got called into a meeting so you’re stuck with me,” he said, bringing the cup of coffee to his lips. The silence he got in return was uncharacteristic, and so as he heard the sound of the young boy dropping his backpack on the floor he looked up and swore. The mug was hastily discarded onto the counter and Clint grabbed Peter by the arm and lifted a hand to cup his face. “What the hell happened to you?” he demanded, eyes roaming over his nephew. There was dried blood covering the lower half of his face, a shallow cut along the bridge of his nose and bruising beginning to show around his right eye that Clint knew would later develop into a full-on shiner. Relinquishing his hold, he moved one of his hands to Peter’s shoulder and guided him over to sit on one of the stools by the kitchen island. The boy followed his directions, a dejected look on his face, and Clint moved to run a dishtowel under the faucet. The room was quiet as he did so, save for the running of the faucet and the soft humming of the refrigerator. Once the towel was damp he turned the water off and walked back to Peter; he held the towel out, a question, and on receiving a nod he began to wipe the blood from his face. “What happened, Peter?” he asked quietly, trying to ignore the slight winces appearing on the boy’s face as he cleaned the blood from his nose. Peter closed his eyes. “I got in a fight,” he muttered, and Clint scoffed. “Yeah, I can see that, kid. You know what I meant, why did you get in a fight? We were all hoping since you’d made it this far that Pepper’s genes were winning out.”Peter bristled. “I didn’t start it!” he exclaimed, pulling back from Clint’s ministrations. The man held his hands up in surrender, putting the towel down and walking over to the cabinet by the sink to extract the first aid kit. He brought the case to the counter and opened it, pulling various things out. “He was talking about Mom.” Peter’s voice was defensive, in a way that Clint had never heard the 13 year old sound before, but he simply nodded and applied the small bandage to Peter’s nose.“What did he say?” he asked, taking some bruise cream and spreading it on the rapidly purpling section of skin under Peter’s eye. Peter muttered something under his breath.“Didn’t catch that,” Clint retorted, putting the cap back on the ointment.“He called her a gold digger. He said the only reason a secretary ended up being CEO was because she slept with Dad and got pregnant.” Peter spat the words out, and the sudden wave of rage that came over Clint had him seeing red.“That little shit,” Clint swore, slamming a hand on the counter. Peter nodded, and then let out a dejected sigh. “You’re going to tell Mom and Dad I got in a fight, aren’t you?” “Nope.” The answer shocked Peter, but when he looked up at his uncle there was a determined look on the man’s face. “You’re not?”Clint shook his head. “Nope. What I am going to do, however, is teach you how to deck someone properly when that happens so that they don’t get a hit in. C’mon, we’re going to the gym.”   
THREE DAYS LATER
  Clint strolled out of the elevator onto the main floor, pulling his jacket off. He was headed for the kitchen to get a cup of coffee when his progress was halted as he walked into the open living room and found himself facing a gathering of angry-looking faces. Pepper and Tony were both sat on the couch, furious expressions on their faces, and Natasha was looking at him with murderous intent as she stood to the side. The panic began to rise in Clint, and before he could plead innocence to whatever they thought he’d done his gaze fell on the smaller figure sitting beside Pepper….the small figure with stark white bandages wrapped around his right hand. Oh. Oh.Tony stood up, putting his hands in his pockets. “Barton,” he began, his voice eerily calm, “care to tell me about a little conversation you had with my kid the other day? You know, the same day that you told us Peter fell off his skateboard?” Clint sighed, knowing the game was up, looking away from the man in front of him to meet the eyes of the guilty-looking teenager. “You couldn’t make it more than three days, seriously?” he complained, throwing his hands in the air. “I can only do so much, Pete.” “You shouldn’t do anything!” Tony exploded, stepping towards the archer and jabbing a finger in
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

freeform: 
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Avengers Family
Domestic Avengers
Awesome Clint Barton
Protective Natasha Romanov
Kid Peter Parker
Pepper is Peter's mom
Hurt Peter Parker
Everyone Loves Peter Parker
Peter Park is Pepper Pott's Biological Child

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Avengers Team
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts

