Chapter 1





Chapter Text
Tony banged his fist on Peters door, quickly losing his patience. “Will you hurry up? How long does it take to get out of your suit? God, you better be sick or dying in there with all the time you’re taking.”The mechanic grunted, annoyed and looked at his watch again. He’d been waiting for ten minutes for Peter to get out of his spider-suit so he could fix it. Sometime during the mission, the sensors had been compromised and stopped sending out information. “Come on, kid. I have other stuff to do tonight. I can’t wait around for you.”“Is Peter in there alone?” Tony turned at Steve’s worried voice and waved a hand. “Yes, because I may be a helicopter parent for a kid I’m not even remotely related to but I am not going to watch him get dressed, thank you.”Steve pushed past him, to the door, voice hitching up a notch in tone and concern. “Tony, this is serious. He should be in the med bay!”Natasha and Sam turned at the captains raised voice, looking just as worried and Tony started to panic a little bit. “What? Why?”Natasha frowned, looking at Sam incredulously. “Because he hit his head. Really hard. Tony, he was out for a full two minutes mid-mission. He hit the ground so hard I thought his skull was going to crack open like an egg. I’m surprised he even woke up let alone swung back here.”Sam shook his head, confused. “Didn’t Karen or Friday alert you?”Tony’s heart was about to explode in his chest. Peter had been hurt and he hadn’t known? “No! His suits sensors were damaged! I haven’t gotten any information from his suit for the last thirty minutes!”Steve thumped on the door, calling out to the youngest avenger. “Peter, I need you to answer me. Are you okay?”A muffled voice came through, slightly slurred and very tired. “Yes, please stop yelling. I’m fine I just can’t move that fast because of this stupid headache. It’s killing m-”Tony’s stomach clenched into a knot at the sudden cut off of Peters' voice because he hadn’t trailed off, no his word had been strangled before a groan and crash sounded from the other side of the door. Steve jumped in fright at the crash and Tony’s stomach curled tighter at the heavy thump of something hitting the carpet. Something like Peter. “Peter, I’m coming in!” Steve shoved the door open as all four heroes rushed in, only to freeze in the doorway at the sight greeting them. Peter was on the floor, back rigid, eyes rolled back into his head as his whole body shook. Steve reacted first, sprinting forward and calling out. “He’s having a seizure! Someone call Bruce!”He ran in and dropped onto his knees beside the kid, hastily turning Peter on his side and slipping a protective hand under his head. Tony blinked after a second and collected himself, making his way to the two on the ground. “Friday, get Bruce in here!”“Yes, Boss.” The AI’s voice was almost drowned out entirely by the noises the teenager was making. He grunted as he shook, limbs smacking the floor as Steve protected his head and his breaths sounded so strangled that Tony was worried he'd asphyxiate. His own voice came shakily as he watched Peter seize, unable to do anything but wait for it to be over. “What’s happening to him?”Steve’s worried eyes met with Natasha’s and Sam’s from where they stood in the doorway. “It’s gotta be the head injury. It must be worse than we thought. Dammit, I knew I should have stayed with him.”Tony didn’t bother dignifying that with a response since everyone knew Cap, and half the team of heroes had been too preoccupied with the mission to worry about babysitting a kid that should have known better. Sam was looking down at his watch, counting the seconds that ticked by as the crease between his eyebrows grew deeper because, with his enhanced healing, a seizure for Peter should only last a couple of minutes before it got really dangerous. Tony couldn’t concentrate on anything but the sharp pangs of worry stabbing through his chest with every beat of his heart because he didn’t know what to do. There was nothing to do. He could only sit there and watch the fifteen-year-old shake and grunt, barely bringing in enough air between his clenched teeth. He didn’t even know what was happening and Tony had never liked being in the dark. Peters' head thumped harder against Steve’s hand and Tony felt his throat begin to squeeze tight. Footsteps came thundering down the hallway, coming closer and growing louder until finally, Bruce was pulling up to the doorway, pushing a gurney with him. “How long has he been seizing for?”Sam looked up from his watch, eyebrows pinched. “Just over a minute.”Bruce nodded and pulled his bag off the gurney before kneeling next to his patient. “What happened?”Steve answered that one, voice slightly strained from holding the shaking teenager on his side. He may have been having a seizure but he still had super strength and he was hard to hold on to. “He was hit in the head during the mission and was down for a couple minutes but when he was up h
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Angst
Traumatic Brain Injury
TBI
Seizures
Head Injury
Whump
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Family
Fluff
Comfort
dad tony
Worried Tony
Swearing

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Tony Stark
Bruce Banner & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Everyone

