Chapter 1: The Search
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
“You’re sure this is a good idea?”“Of course, when are my ideas ever bad?”“Well, there was that one time with Ultron…”“Okay, I’ll give you that. But you and I both know that wasn’t completely my idea.”“Regardless, Stark, are you sure we should be doing this?”“I have a good feeling about this one, Nat. Trust me.”The plane shook under their feet. Leather hand straps dangling from the ceiling of the vessel swung like vines over the black seats that lined the walls. The plane was beginning its descent, slowly and hesitantly, above an open field. The only thing that otherwise occupied the space was an old, abandoned windmill. The entrance to a forest kissed the outside of the field, teasing the eye with its dense illusion. Tony stood at the front of the plane, eyes peering through the windshield. His hand rested on Natasha’s shoulder, unsure of whether he was trying to reassure himself or her. His fingers drummed idly against Natasha’s shoulder, revealing to her the anxiety coursing its way through his veins. Another agent sat beside her, a young man, barely even 23, guiding the plane lower. Tony saw the grass ripple below them as the air from the jet stream fell closer to the ground.“You realize how dangerous this is, right?” Natasha asked, pursing her lips while glancing backwards at Tony. “You didn’t even bring your suit.”“Bringing the suit would only make her feel threatened. The mission is to go in, persuade her to trust us, and get out. It’s much easier to trust a man in street clothes than a man in a super suit. Besides, that’s why we brought Point Break over there.” Tony gestured with his thumb towards the back of the plane where Thor stood. The god waited by the hatch, his arms crossed over his broad chest.“Why do you insist on calling me that? It’s longer than my actual name.” Thor cracked a smile, shaking his head. The muscles in his arms twitched as he let out a low chuckle. Tony eyed the Asgardian and could see hesitancy in his eyes at what they were about to do.“Point Break is much shorter than Thor, God of Thunder, Son of Odin, Prince of Asgard-”“Tony, it is just Thor. We’ve been friends for years. You can just call me Thor,” Thor laughed, shaking his head and uncrossing his arms. He stretched his arms outwards to each side of the plane, then reached down to pick up Mjolnir. He tossed it back and forth between his hands, pursing his lips in thought. “Alright you two, break it up. We’re touching down in 3…2…” Natasha said, flicking some switches on the jet to open the back hatch. Thor's cape began fluttering behind him, flapping around his legs. As the plane touched the ground, the hatch opened slowly, unveiling a ramp to the grass below.  Tony and Thor looked at each other and exchanged a knowing nod. Tony turned back to Natasha, and his grip tightened on her shoulder.“This might take a while. If we’re in danger, we’ll alert you with this.” Tony handed her a small, silver gadget. A small light built in was its only decoration. “It will light up red and ring if we need you. You know the drill in that case. Until then, sit tight.”Natasha nodded, taking the device and holding onto it tightly.“Be safe.” She affirmed, touching her own hand against Tony’s in an attempt to comfort his ever-present nerves.Tony turned to Thor, seeing his Asgardian armor replaced with a much more casual, Earth-appropriate outfit of jeans and a jacket slung over a deep gray sweatshirt. Mjolnir was replaced with a folded up umbrella which Thor promptly tucked in his fist. Tony crossed the plane to him and smiled slightly.“Let’s go get her.”The two stepped out of the plane, carefully letting their feet touch the foreign ground below them. Tony gave one last look at the two agents in the plane, then turned his attention towards the lush forest. Thor followed his gaze, squinting his eyes into the distance.“She lies in there?” Thor asked, fingers gripping the disguised hammer tighter than before. Tony nodded, adjusting his glasses.“She’s supposed to be,” Tony mumbled, beginning his walk towards the forest. Thor followed at his heels, eyes flickering around their surroundings constantly.“How exactly do you know?” he asked as they entered the first layer of trees. The sunlight that shone from above immediately became hidden by a deep canopy of leaves and nests. Thor watched his shadow disappear beneath him with a grimace on his face.“Years of research, Point Break.” Tony shrugged, slipping in the nickname as if to ease the distinct tension floating between them. Thor ignored the tease, and favored stepping directly next to his companion.“How are we supposed to locate her? This forest is huge,” Thor stated, eyes sizing up the trees as if they were enemies. Tony paused. For once in his life, he was positively unsure.“I don’t know how to find her, but I’m sure we’ll know when we have.” ** Two hours seemed to pass before t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Tom Hiddleston/Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You

freeform: 
Avenger Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki is Soft
Romantic Loki
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Loki & Tony Stark Friendship
Eventual Romance
Eventual Relationships
Eventual Smut
Slow Burn
OFC Has Powers
thor is so soft
Bucky is even softer
everyone is so soft
Drinking
Prisoner Loki (Marvel)
Falling In Love
More tags to be added when needed
Loki is misunderstood
Brotherly Love
Friends to Lovers
Jealousy
Fluff and Smut
Smut
First Time
Vaginal Fingering
Vaginal Sex
Blow Jobs
Spanking
Light Dom/sub
Loss of Virginity
Hair-pulling
Hair Kink
Marking
Oral Sex
Sex
Making Love
Making Out
Teasing
Loki is in love
Gentle Loki
Anxiety Attacks
Violence
Masturbation
Death
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
Past Abuse
Implied/Referenced Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
Hand Jobs
Cunnilingus
Angst
Mental Health Issues
Anxiety
Anxiety Disorder
Touch-Starved
Barebacking
Riding
Doggy Style
Wall Sex
Rough Sex
Rough Oral Sex
Rough Kissing
First Love
Sexual Tension
Protective Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki (Marvel)/Original Female Character(s)
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Loki (Marvel)/Reader
Tom Hiddleston/Loki/Reader
Loki (Marvel)/You

