Work Text:
--
 
 
One
 (Six Months After)

 

“This is the one,” Bucky declares, calm and self-assured as he points at one of the markers on the map of Volgograd spread out across their hotel’s coffee table.
Across the table, Steve can see Sam nodding thoughtfully.
“Underneath the daycare,” says Sam, his mouth quirking into a humourless smile. “Smart. Shitty as all hell, but smart.”
For a brief moment, Bucky’s eyes flash over to where Sam is sitting. He tenses up – then nods once, quick and efficient and all Winter Soldier, his mouth hardening into a tight line.
“From what I can remember, it’s a scientific research facility. Should still be operational, but I doubt the security will be too high.” Bucky pauses for a half-second, shrugging his shoulders infinitesimally. “Pretty sure they kept me there once.”
It’s not unexpected – not even a little bit – but the confirmation still hits Steve like a dull blow to the pit of his stomach. He sits and stares straight ahead at the map on the table, forearms resting on his knees. Doesn’t let on what he’s thinking about. Steve’s used to it by now, after all. The constant little reminders of all the things Bucky’s been through over the years. All the ways he’s suffered, and all the ways Steve wasn’t there to help him.
He shoves it all aside, reels himself in so that he can focus on the mission. Bucky doesn’t need him to be lost in his own head right now: what Bucky needs is for Steve to focus. His eyes quickly scan over the map, thinking about strategy and risk assessment instead of the gnawing hole in his chest. After a moment, Steve nods.
“We’ll hit it up just like the one in Bucharest,” Steve announces, looking up from the map to lock eyes with Sam across the table. “Sam and I will break in, draw attention as best we can. Bucky will follow and take out whatever backup shows up. We’ll rendezvous outside the main lab and work together to destroy any machines or data we can get our hands on.” Steve glances over at Bucky, then back at Sam again. “Any questions?”
It’s an easy enough operation; one that he and Sam have pulled plenty of times during their strange half-chase half-mission across Eastern Europe, and Bucky’s been right there with them the past few times they’ve stormed a HYDRA base like this. Both of them shake their heads. 
For a few moments, nobody speaks – before Sam gets awkwardly to his feet, glancing between him and Bucky with a peculiar expression on his face.
“If that’s everything, I’ll just… be going to bed, then,” says Sam pointedly, walking slowly over to the hotel room door. He looks uneasy, cautious. As though he isn’t sure what’s going to happen between them when he leaves.
And really, Steve doesn’t blame him. It’s been six months since Washington, four months since he and Sam picked up the trail in Eastern Europe. Since they started following Bucky from one execution site to another, a trail of HYDRA corpses left like breadcrumbs in his wake.
It’s been less than one month since Bucky came to Steve in the night, sudden and brutal and entirely unexpected, declaring his intention to work with them to take down and dismantle some of the remaining HYDRA outposts in this part of the world.
It’s not as though Sam has the same history with Bucky that Steve does, either. Doesn’t have the instinctual knowledge that this is Bucky, that this is his friend. That this is somebody who would never hurt him if he could help it, who would rather die himself than leave Steve behind.
Steve gets that, he does. Working alongside the person who once ripped off your wing and then kicked you off the side of a helicarrier must be more than a little surreal, and it’s incredible just how supportive Sam’s been so far.
With a nod to them both, Sam heads outside, closes the door – and suddenly Steve and Bucky are alone.
The silence in the room seems to hum a little louder in his absence, the glow of the fluorescent lights harsh in the dingy space and against the walls that are more grey than off-white. Bucky’s still looking down at the map, impassive and silent and making no motion to leave.
 And really, Steve can’t help running his eyes over him. Bucky’s hair is still strangely long; it hangs in front of his eyes when he leans over the map, makes it even more difficult to know what he’s thinking.  He’s dressed in a black t-shirt and jeans that don’t fit him at all, and he’s sitting with the kind of unmotivated inertia that says he could sit there all day unless someone gives him an order. As though his own discomfort is still secondary to the mission; as though what he wants still doesn’t matter at all.
Six months ago, Steve Rogers went into a fight he knew he wasn’t going to walk away from. Let his shield slip through his fingers and raised his hands in the air, consciously chose to not fight back because he knew he would rather die than live in a world where Bucky was dead because of him again.  
Sometimes, when he looks at Bucky, Steve still can’t believe his eyes. Can’t r
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (mentioned)

freeform: 
Recovery
Mental Instability
Brief Graphic Violence
Hurt/Comfort
5+1 Things
gif warning
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Brief Period-Typical Homophobia
Bisexuality
Bisexual Characters

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers
Peggy Carter/Steve Rogers (mentioned)

