Work Text:
Ever since Tony was a little boy, his father had warned him that Jarvis was susceptible to a charismatic personality.As a child, Tony hadn’t been sure what to make of this. When he actually came to understand what a charismatic personality was, though, he began to understand it. Then, one day, when he was 12, his father sat him down and told him a story. It wasn’t a nice story but it was a story that Tony had needed to hear to understand – especially with who his father told him was coming back to America soon.***1946
‘She did what?’ Howard asked in a flat tone.‘Well, to be fair, sir,’ Jarvis said, ‘she had that right.’Howard cocked an eyebrow. ‘How? She wasn’t his wife. Wasn’t a relative. She had no right to the blood and no right to decide what to do with it.’‘And you did, sir?’‘I was the last head scientist involved in Project Rebirth, Jarvis. Do you understand what that means?’Jarvis looked startled.Howard shook his head. ‘Right. You know what you’re going to do now. You’re going to head to the mansion in Washington DC and clean it top to bottom.’‘Sir, you haven’t been there in all the time I’ve been in your employ.’‘Right.’Jarvis got a sinking feeling.***Howard Stark had advised Eugene Barry to wear sunglasses when they went to the press conference.Dr. Barry immediately regretted ignoring his advice. The camera flashes were blinding. It seemed the sunglasses were not a genius’s eccentricity, but the pragmatism of a man well-used to what happened at a press conference. His anger at the whole thing, though, was enough to keep his reactions down to a minimum. This had been a top secret government-funded project, ruined by a single woman. Which meant their funding had come from taxpayer dollars. In other words, Mr. Stark was merely informing the public as to why their hard-earned money had been wasted.Mr. Stark waited until the camera flashes died down before he stepped up to the podium. ‘Firstly, I’d like to thank you all for coming. If you’ll hold your questions out until the end, I’ll explain why I called this press conference.’ He paused, most likely for dramatic effect. ‘During World War II, I was a part of Project Rebirth which created Captain America. What you may not know is that, prior to injection, Steven Grant Rogers suffered from asthma, colour-blindness, heart murmur, high blood pressure, chronic colds, and easy fatigability.’No doubt he’d asked for Rogers’ medical record from Col. Phillips and memorised that.‘Upon injection with the serum, he was instantly cured all of these maladies. After the war concluded, I, as the last living head scientist of Project Rebirth, was given all of the samples, which included a single vial of Captain America’s blood. I made a proposal to the US government, which was accepted. If we could use the blood to find a way to cure all sorts of illnesses in the common man. Steve Rogers may be gone, but he still could have saved millions of people.’One of the reporters went to open their mouth. Mr. Stark held up a hand to silence him.‘Due to the fact that this was a government project, we were using taxpayer dollars to pay for the research. However, due to the recent allegations brought against me, which, I will remind everyone, were proven false, I concealed the vial of blood in a shell designed to look like an ordinary bomb. One of the agents assigned to the case found out what it really was, and decided the appropriate course of action was to tip the blood into a river. The agent responsible for this is Margaret Carter, who is known among the halls of her federal agency as “Cap’s girl”.’The room erupted into outraged cries and yells, questions and demands. Mr. Stark listened to all of this a moment before he raised his hands, silencing the journalists.‘Dr. Eugene Barry,’ he gestured to Dr. Barry, ‘was the scientist in charge of the project. He will answer your questions on the project, which has now, unfortunately, been terminated with nothing to show for it.’Man certainly knew how to incite public outrage.***Upon receiving no answer on calling Howard’s home, Peggy Carter stormed up to his office building. A man tried to stop her, so she punched him to the ground. She got in the lift and went right up to the top floor where she knew Howard’s office was. This time, people seemed less inclined to stop her.When she shoved the door open, she found Howard in front of his desk, leaning back against it. ‘You want something, Carter?’‘What did you do?’ Peg demanded, slamming a newspaper onto his desk. The front page of the paper was demonising her for removing Steve’s blood from Howard’s and everyone else’s hands. It wasn’t just this one either. Every publication was painting her as a feeble over-emotional woman who’d cast aside millions in taxpayer dollars, and hope for the ill and infirm, for her own selfish reasons.‘How is it my fault that you didn’t do your homework before getting on your high horse?’ Howard asked, walking around and sitting behind his desk. ‘T
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark
Peggy Carter & Edwin Jarvis
Edwin Jarvis & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Not Peggy Friendly
inspired by comments
steve's blood
Consequences
Moderated
teenaged Tony Stark
Team Stark

fandom: 
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Peggy Carter & Howard Stark
Peggy Carter & Edwin Jarvis
Edwin Jarvis & Tony Stark

