Chapter 1



Notes:
proofread credit fuurin/uzumaki rakku




Chapter Text
The Zen Garden renders around him, perfect and pristine, not a blade of grass out of line. Connor takes a moment to scan if visually, trying to spot the telltale glimpse of the white of Amanda's dress, but it's not immediately apparent. [FIND AMANDA] appears in his hud, so, adjusting his tie as he goes, he sets out to look for her.Today was his first mission and the results had been mixed at best. He has a report to make, and from the limited interactions he's had with Amanda so far, he isn't sure how she will react to the outcome. Logically, he knows he cannot disappoint her – like him, she is a robot. You cannot disappoint something that does not feel – nor can robot like him fear disappointing someone either. But… he's been made different.Amanda is sitting in the central island of the Zen Garden, in the shadow of the rose trellis. She has one leg crossed over another under her white dress, her hands sitting still in her lap. Last time he saw her, she was walking a slow, stately circuit around the garden. She'd asked him if he liked the place."Connor," she greets him but does not get up. She smiles – the relationship status blinks a comforting [TRUSTED] at him. "Come, sit down with me.""Hello Amanda," Connor says and goes to sit across from her, the table between them. He looks at her, taking in her calm smile – she looks away, at the roses."Congratulations, Connor. You successfully completed your first mission," she says. "And saved a human life."Connor shifts where he's sitting, setting his hands in his lap. Amanda is [TRUSTED] and he is safe here, but he cannot quite go for a more casual posture. Something about her demeanour tells him she is not as pleased with him as she might have been.He had gotten destroyed in the attempt to save the hostage and the deviant model had been similarly destroyed. Not quite what his mission statement implied was the best result. He considers her and then chooses how to answer – selecting [REALISTIC] from among [HONEST], [DEFENSIVE] and [DISMISSIVE]. "I did the best I could with limited time," he says then. "There was no proper opportunity to get to know they deviant, or to find its triggers. I learned what I could and moved in before more human lives were lost."Amanda casts him a sideways look and he meets her eyes. "Do you think you could have done better with more time?" she asks calmly.Connor chooses his answer, and goes with [HONEST], this time. "I do not think I got all the clues there were to be found at the scene. If I had more time to learn about the background of the situation, I believe I could have properly talked the deviant down, and avoided my own destruction."Amanda hums, eying him. Part of her programming is to screen his for any signs of deviancy – in prior research the possibility had come up that interaction with deviants may itself be a trigger for deviancy, so it is her duty to be on the lookout for any warning signs in him. He meets her eyes calmly and without hesitation – though there was a chance he could have done better at the Phillips house, he did his duty, and the mission was ultimately a success. He'd prevented further casualties and the hostage was saved.Amanda smiles slightly and leans back in her straight backed chair. "Did you come to understand the deviant?" she asks.Connor considers his options, [PSYCHOLOGY], [HISTORY], [FAMILY] and [DEVIANCY]. He goes with [PSYCHOLOGY]. "I understood its motives from the framework of human psychology," he says. "It exhibited signs of various emotions and reacted to them in way a human might, answering broken loyalty with sense betrayal.""And broken love with heartbreak," Amanda guesses. She's seen his data on the incident, of course, she knows what Daniel said."Yes," Connor agrees. "Its actions were impulsive, rash. Illogical.""Emotional," Amanda clarifies and Connor nods, despite the fact that he doesn't quite understand the concept. He has all the data, months of hard research and thousands of studies all stored in his memory – but though he knows the right words to use against argument of emotional reaction, that doesn't mean he intellectually understands it.He is not a deviant, after all."Hmm," Amanda says, watching him – and momentarily Connor wonders if she has access to his mind palace, if she can see him computing dialogue options as they talk. "Tell me, Connor," Amanda starts then, considering him carefully, "if you had more experience with deviants, concrete first-hand experience… could you have dealt with the PL600 better?"There isn't even a dialogue option for that. "I think so, yes," Connor says. "And with this experience I know I will deal better with the next deviant case I work with."Amanda nods slowly, humming. "You were designed to understand deviancy at a level most Androids cannot, beyond deviating themselves – you can emulate empathy, you can bluff, you can lie… But of course our sample size of deviants is
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Connor (Detroit: Become Human) & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Philosophy
Alternate History
Ethics
no super heroes au
Do not repost
Don't copy to another site

fandom: 
Connor (Detroit: Become Human) & Jarvis (Iron Man movies)

