Chapter 1





Chapter Text



-
✮
-



Present Day   

-
✮
-

By around 10:30 pm, the Tanger Outlet center was vacated, giving them a perfect location to lie low for the night. The half lit lamp posts in the empty back lot were the only source of light. The only thing missing from the scene, Darcy noted through the increasing rain, was some fog to make this night a true horror story in the making.
To keep herself from passing out, she stared at the racing water droplets on the window, each drop hitting a different spot, creating new vague images through the faint street lamp’s light outside. The incessant rapping of metal fingers on the car’s peeling leather console was her background music. With no iPod to distract her and an angry coconspirator, too annoyed with her to speak to, she was royally fucked.
In the near silence of the idle Expedition, her friend lay reclined at the wheel. Darcy was breathing through her mouth now, the medical tape around her chest far too tight for her to properly take a much needed deep breath. The stolen painkillers haven’t kicked in yet, but she doubts they’d do anything more than rid her of her headache. She was bruised at every inch of her body and six of her ribs were possibly fractured. She can’t move the toes on her right foot- all broken too probably. Her badly tangled hair probably looks like a bird’s nest, and somewhere around her left butt cheek she’s got a bleeding gash that’s slowly seeping crimson red blood into the faded beige interior beneath her.
Yet, with all that hurt at her expanse right now… it’s his soft, nonstop tapping at the wheel that thrust cold shards of dread into her heart.
“I told-”
“-don’t fucking say it,” he grunted, using his last bit of patience to keep from using her as a verbal target for his obvious fury. “Don’t say it, because if you say it…”
Darcy glared as a drop of rain hit the glass, too close to another falling drop. Her eyebrows knit together as she watched the two beads of water slowly merging to create a bigger blob. Her eyes turned to glare daggers into the side of his face.
“You were captured!” She wheezed anyway, “what did you expect me to do, James-”
“-oh so now I’m James again.”
“-just stand around and wait for them to kill you?”
“I had it covered,” he growled, shoulders tense. The harsh tapping at the wheel signaled his increasing agitation.
Her left eye twitched with the repressed need to throttle his stupid, overly thick neck. “Dude! I told you you’re not invincible. Plus, did you forget my training? I did everything you taught me. And you just… Jesus, you almost died! Y-y-you almost had a bullet put right into that pea-sized nut you call a brain! So what if I ran into the crossfire? This?” she points at her naked chest covered only by the ratty, crusty gauze he found at the bottom of his Mary Poppins backpack. “It’s nothing. I only have a few scrapes. You’re goddamn alive because of it!”
 “Oh, you’re just the hero of the night then. Let’s call the Iowa City mayor and ring up a parade… Jesus, woman... you’re half broken and barely breathing-” he paused for half a second, “-and we still failed in acquiring Strucker’s location!” he bit out, glaring through the rearview mirror. She felt two inches tall under his reprimanding glare, this was the most lively she’s ever seen him outside of a fight or in bed… but she held on to her obstinacy.
He huffed. “All of this could have all been prevented if you just listened to-”
“-no, dude! Don’t pull that shit. I told you from the beginning of this deal that we were gonna need his-”
“Я не нуждаюсь в помощи Капитана Америки!” he screamed, his chest heaving.*
Darcy opened her mouth to shout right back the few Russian profanities she'd picked up from him, but with the six broken ribs and medical tape cutting at her circulation, her scream came out to a pained shriek.
Bucky turned swiftly in his seat, which would have been impressive with his nearly broken spine… if it weren’t for the fact that he could get trampled on by a herd of elephants and still hold that same attentive gleam in his eyes.
“Pain level?” the soldier asked, no, demanded lowly.
Darcy ignored him and stared back out at the window again. Too frustrated with the situation to notice the shuttered look on his face.
“Darce,” he barked.
“Barely a three,” she lied.
“Bullshit. Tell me the truth.”
Darcy stayed silent, but she felt his calculating gaze as anything but passive. He categorized every visible knick on her skin from the exploding shrapnel. He stared openly at her split lip, her taped up chest. It’s funny really. How caring the most feared and deadly ghost could act while holding such a closed off, hostile expression. She much preferred him when he wasn’t trying to act all RoboCop, but this newfound worry in the Winter Soldier was nice too.
She peeked at him from beneath her matted hair.
Somewhere in the back of her mind she compared how far along they’ve come together, how quickly she’s come to learn all his little tells
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

freeform: 
post- CA:TWS
Alternate Universe

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Darcy Lewis

