Chapter 1





Chapter Text

The thing about Texas, Clint was starting to learn, was that it was full of 

Texans

.

 

Sure, it was the kind of realization that toddlers had, he supposed, but it took a fully grown man getting his ass kicked to appreciate that Texans really, 

really

 weren’t like other Americans.

 

They were too tall, for one. And had too many muscles - as in, somewhere between Steve Rogers and Hulk level of muscles. And they didn’t like his jokes. At all. Even worse, they didn’t like the way Clint smirked at them when he collected all of their money when one after another of the big, angry Texans lost to him in dart game after dart game. 

 

You’d think that, after the fifth guy lost to Clint, they would have realized none of them stood a chance of beating him. 

 

Apparently, that wasn’t how Texans’ brains worked. Apparently, winning five games in a row had nothing to do with Clint’s superior ability to throw darts, and everything to do with him cheating.

 

Clint had barely managed to pocket the last wad of twenties when the first cowboy who had lost to him - an actual, honest-to-fuck cowboy who worked on a ranch and wore a damn hat and a bandana around his neck like all of Clint’s teenage homoerotic fantasies come to life - muttered something about ‘city slickers’ and ‘cheatin’ bastards’, and charged at Clint.

 

And it wasn’t like Clint was small, not when you put him in a line-up beside someone who wasn’t so big it boggled the mind as to how a horse even supported his weight, but-

 

He sidestepped the cowboy’s first punch easily, danced to the side to avoid the follow-up, and then found himself ducking to avoid a punch from loser number two.

 

Clint was an Avenger. Clint was a trained assassin. Clint could kick ass even when he was half-asleep and hadn’t even had a whiff of coffee yet.

 

But that had all been before.

 

Before it turned out that Clint was 

still

 a fucking bad guy. Before the world learned that SHIELD was a HYDRA sleeper cell - or whatever the fuck the correct name for a giant government organization betraying its own citizens and the entire fucking world was. Before Clint had had all of his SHIELD identities burned when Natasha dumped the entire history of the agency on the internet. Which, really, was fine. Clint would rather get fucked than use any of those identities ever again. 

 

The thing was, though, without those airtight covers to use, and without knowing which of his own personal, hopefully-secret covers had been compromised, Clint had been stuck laying low for the past three weeks, ever since Cap blew up the Triskelion and Natasha blew up the Intelligence community.

 

And laying low-

 

Cowboy number three came at Clint with a pool cue, and that just wasn’t 

fair

 - Clint hadn’t even tried to hustle them at pool. The least they could do was stick to throwing darts at him or-

 

The cue shattered over his upraised forearm, and Clint tossed one broken piece aside and used the smooth end of the other to land a few blows to the ribs of cowboy number one.

 

He could kick all of their asses. Could do it and get the hell out of here before anyone even had a chance to call their grandma to whine.

 

But that wasn’t laying low. That was the kind of thing that could pop up on the radar and- and Clint didn’t even know who the fuck was watching said radar these days. Didn’t even know what he would do no matter who found him.

 

So… so Clint had to lose this fight. Clint had to let a bunch of gigantic Texans kick his ass and probably take back all of the money he had just earned - money he really needed if he wanted to stop pickpocketing and sleeping in stolen cars.

 

He mentally berated Natasha for not having given him just a 

fraction

 of a head start before she blew his life to hell while he was on an op in Mexico. An op that- 

 

Clint forced himself not to think about it. The op had been messy, and in retrospect, he had to wonder if the entire fucking thing had been for the benefit of HYDRA or-

 

Cowboy four came at Clint with a chair, and Clint turned away just enough to take the impact across his shoulders and back, rolling into it but still wincing at the pain of the blow.

 

And it was all downhill from there - losers holding him upright while they punched him, and then kicking him when they dropped him onto the floor and couldn’t be bothered to pick him back up.

 

Eventually, when pain was the only color Clint could see and blood was the only thing he could taste, they stopped.

 

One of the losers hauled him up just enough to dig into his pockets, and Clint’s entire body hurt so fucking much that he couldn’t even manage to grit out a line about buying him dinner first, and 

that

 pissed him off almost as much as the fact that he had had to throw the damn fight in the first place.

 

And then they were gone and Clint was dropped back to the floor, and 

fuck,

 everything hurt. His ribs - Jesus. Deep breaths were goi
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Soulmates
Soul Bond
winterhawk - Freeform
Slow Burn
No I mean the slowest of burns
Canon-Typical Violence
canon divergent/canon meandering starting with Age of Ultron
Smut
eventually
I swear
Post-Captain America: The Winter Soldier
Angst
Feelings
Clint Barton Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Feels
Steve Rogers Needs a Hug
BAMF Clint Barton
BAMF Natasha Romanov
Oral Sex
Frottage

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Clint Barton
Clint Barton & Natasha Romanov
James "Bucky" Barnes & Steve Rogers
Steve Rogers/Natasha Romanov/Sam Wilson
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

