Work Text:
Peter was terrified, but then again, he wasn't.Fear had been following him around the entire day, his jeans rubbing against the cuts on his thighs and causing irritation to spread. The tears seemed to always be present in his eyes, resulting to blame it on his tiredness as he made his way from class to class. Ned had asked him what was wrong, MJ had asked him what was wrong, and even Flash had the decency to back off for a bit.It was as if everyone in the entire school knew he was a ticking time bomb, as if all of them knew his secret. It was as if they could see right through his jeans and see the countless fresh cuts on the flesh of his thighs, having been repeated so often and so frequently they never had time to completely heal. The actual cutting didn't hurt Peter anymore, though the aftermath and the thoughts afterwards always did.But today, the thoughts were bad. He'd failed during his patrol the previous day, and he had been beating himself up about it ever since. So many thoughts ran through his mind as he made his way to his last class of the day, English, the tears threatening to make their way down his cheeks as he continued to bottle everything up.When he entered the room, Ned was instantly waving him over to the seat beside him. Peter did as he was told, slinking across the room before sliding into his chair. Ned was watching him, worry clear in his eyes when Peter turned to meet them. He was on the edge, the one thought running through his mind and scaring him to death as he tried to tell his friend he was okay.He wanted it to end.He wanted it to be over.He wanted his life to be over, because he had failed.On Titan, he had said he didn't want to go. He hadn't wanted to go, there were still so many things he wanted to do and so many things he wanted to say.But now, he wanted to go.The thoughts terrified him. He had been carrying the burden of self harm around with him for almost a solid year, it having gotten to the point where his skin couldn't repair itself fast enough. This caused the irritation from the fabric of his pants, which annoyed him, but somehow made him want to do it more. Self harm had been reminding him that he was alive, that he could still feel. Nothing had been the same since he had turned to dust on Titan, and gradually, the irritation turned into nothing.The feeling of being trapped, the numb feeling that had been surging through his veins the entire time he was stuck in the stone. He hadn't been alone, Peter Quill and the other guardians, as they had called themselves, had been there with him. Even Strange had been with him. But he couldn't feel anything, his skin felt numb, his brain felt numb. He would continuously pinch himself, hoping to feel pain to remind him that he was living. But the daunting thought that he was, in fact, dead, and he had left Aunt May and Tony and Ned behind. Even MJ. He still had no idea if they had faded away, too, along with the other half of the universe.They didn't even remember what had happened. Tony had told him he'd been gone for just over two months, and they had managed to turn back time. He hadn't aged, his friends and classmates hadn't aged, it was as if Thanos had never came and destroyed the universe.Carrying the thought that he had died was bad, but knowing he was the only one aside from the Avengers who remembered, he couldn't think of anything worse.He wanted it to end.He had started cutting to remind himself that he was free from Thanos, that he wasn't inside the stone and that he was living. The pain brought him closure, despite how much what he was doing would disappoint his Aunt, Tony, Ned, everyone. It hadn't mattered, because it made Peter feel sane, and his friends and family would never have to find out about it.But now, when he cut, he felt nothing. His skin had gone numb, the feeling too close to the feeling he had in the stone. He wanted it to end.He just wanted peace, was it that too much to ask?But there was another half of him that didn't want to go. He wanted to help people, he didn't want to be selfish. But everything was so hard, he was beginning to think he could no longer handle what his life was giving him. He wanted to end it, he wanted to feel free. But he couldn't leave May, Tony and Ned behind with the burden of his death.How could he even think of killing himself? How could he be so selfish?But he wanted to be free.He wanted to die, so the thoughts would end and he wouldn't have to suffer anymore. So the nightmares would end, and he would no longer have to worry about what people were thinking about him, and if he had disappointed Tony or not. He wouldn't have to think about any of it, because he would be dead."I'm fine, Ned." Peter whispered, despite the thoughts running through his head. The suicidal thoughts. "I just didn't get much sleep last night.""You said that yesterday, Peter." Ned whispered right back, his hand coming to rest on Peter's shaking wrist. He hadn't even noticed how much 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Hurt/Comfort
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Heavy Angst
Angst
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Suicidal Thoughts
Self-Harm
Self-Hatred
Self-Esteem Issues
dad tony stark
Sad Peter Parker
Triggers
major trigger warning
Post-Canon
I'm Sorry
Poor Peter Parker
Peter deserves better
Dissociation
Worried Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
Might be Out of Character
Sad
Depression

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

