Chapter 1





Chapter Text
There is an itch in him. At first he doesn’t recognize it: it’s been a while. But as it grows, as his dreams change, their plots developing in a particular direction, Eddie notices it and sees it for what it is.And now that he is, again, blissfully, whole, he’s not the only one who spots it.
“Eddie.”
He ignores the call, but it’s hard to ignore someone who can run his fingers down your spine not only under your clothes, but under your skin.(There was a time of wild experimentation, both of them pushing at each other’s boundaries. It turned out, there was little either of them was unwilling to do for the other.)“Not embarrassing, Eddie.” His darling is like molten chocolate—“chocolate, Eddie?”—warm and rich and tempting in their mindspace.“I’m not embarrassed,” Eddie murmurs. The man walking slightly ahead of him startles and turns around. Eddie shakes his head and speeds up past him.“Eddie.” It’s not impossible to hide something from the one you are sharing mindspace with—but when you’ve been together for long enough, when you are so alike, when you fit so neatly even though sometimes it’s the fitting of jagged edges... It’s nearly impossible. Especially when it comes to emotions.“All right, I am embarrassed,” Eddie admits, and when his darling runs yet another sensation down his spine (like a hot, big hand stroking him), he shivers and adds, “Just a tiny bit.”
“Don’t be. We can have it. Can give it to you.”
It’s so, so tempting, and he knows the itch would turn into a dull throbbing ache if not scratched.“I’m fine,” he says instead.Apparently, it’s a wrong answer, because his darling retreats away.It’s so sudden that Eddie stumbles bodily and cries out aloud, “Love?” Not caring that other people might think him a creep. He reaches frantically across the cold emptiness that his darling has left—and he’s still there.They are still whole.It’s such a knee-weakening relief that Eddie has to sit down on the pavement, bury his face in his hands.“You all right, pal?”He startles when he’s touched by the shoulder, and looks up into the face of the guy he startled earlier. Frowning in worry. “Need me to call anyone?”Eddie forces out a smile. “No, I’m okay. A little dizzy. Thank you.”But the guy doesn’t move away, and Eddie is both grateful and annoyed. “You sure?”Eddie realizes that he might look like he warrants the question. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m sure. I’ll just rest here for a while. Thanks, man.”The guy pats his shoulder, as though checking whether he’s really okay, then departs. Eddie stares at his shabby jeans. He doesn’t like straining his darling, not for such trivialities as dressing for a simple walk. His beloved is not a suit.Calmer now—they are still together—he reaches inside.“Equals, Eddie. Partners.” His love’s voice is colored wounded and exhausted. “Sharing everything. You help me, but I help you, too. Or have you forgotten that it works both ways?” It’s so sharply enunciated, proper words rather than thoughts-emotions, and Eddie is filled with the stinging heat of shame.“I’m sorry,” he whispers, the words thick in his head and his mouth. “I have forgotten, it seems, and I am sorry.”“Why, Eddie?” Words again, between them like a thin—they are still together, after all,—but tangible wall. Spider-webs.A part of his darling seems amused by this analogy.Eddie hangs his head. “I am ashamed of it, and we’ve only been together again for—”“You think,” he sounds so startled. The spider-web breaks, and his words become tendrils, seekers like those he uses physically. “You think I wouldn’t give this to you? I gave this to you before.”He sounds so wounded again, and Eddie doesn’t want him to retreat, and says, “Before is not now. Before doesn’t mean you have to do it now.”“...You think I wouldn’t choose you. You think I didn’t choose you, that it was some kind of—” He trails off, and Eddie feels his anger, hot and all needles, reaching for a word his silly human would understand.Eddie doesn’t want to screw this up again. Not this. “I’m sorry.”
“I’m not an animal.”
“I know, love.”
“I’m not driven only by instincts!”
“I know!” It is agony, knowing that he made his darling think he thought that, think he might have thought that even for a moment; knowing that he made his darling doubt himself again, and how is he different from all the others, then, how is he better than—
“Shh. Eddie.”
He listens to that voice, that presence, and not his spiraling thoughts.
“I love you, Eddie.”
He is cradled to his beloved’s presence, mentally, and many hands settle over his sides, his ribs, his shoulders, his thighs under his clothes.Eddie closes his eyes, centered, calming down.His darling deserves better—but he chose his silly human. And Eddie should accept that.
“I love you, silly human.”
Eddie smiles, can’t not to. “Thank you. For everything. Will you help me when we come home?”
“Anything, Eddie. Anything.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Porn with Feelings
Submission
Tentacles
Sounding
Out of Body Experiences
Triple Penetration

fandom: 
Eddie Brock/Venom Symbiote

