Chapter 1: Hasbrowns with a Dash of Blood
    




Chapter Text
Today marked the sixth month anniversary. For what? Tony and the rest of the Avengers took him in exactly six months ago, after Aunt May... Passed away. That was complete bullshit by the way, she had been killed right in front of his eyes. People just said 'passed away' because they thought that made Peter feel better. Which it didn't, but he made it his best efforts to try and not look so broken whenever they mentioned it. The last thing he wanted was to cry in front of Captain friggin' America.Anywho, back to the point. Sixth month anniversary. Right. Peter wanted to do something nice for them, since well they had  put up with his mopey self for six entire months. So whats nicer than cooking breakfast for all of them? He wasn't a fantastic cook, but he could make homemade hashbrowns. That was fairly easy.

One thing he forgot was how many potatoes he would have to peel and shred. Luckily he remembered that the night before, and made sure to wake up super-duper early to get started. It wasn't like he was sleeping all that much anyway.Peter decided to start with nine potatoes and peel more when he ran out. That way he could give his wrist a break. He hummed quietly as he peeled the potatoes, somehow managing to avoid hurting himself on the peeler. Maybe Mister Stark got one of those weird ones where you couldn't hurt yourself unless you really tried to.... Either way it was working and Peter wasn't about to complain.Next up after peeling, it was time to grate it. Peter had seen his Aunt May do this hundreds of times, whether it was potatoes or cheese. She either made it look easy, or it was actually easy. He quietly rummaged through the cabinets to find the grater, and lucky found it without making too much noise.
And as he tried to grate the potatoes, Peter found that Aunt May made it look easy. He didn't want to press too hard and accidentally cut his hand open, JARVIS would alert everybody that he was hurt and he wouldn't he able to do anything nice for them.But if he didn't press hard enough, the potato wouldn't shred. But after a few failed attempts, Peter found the right amount of pressure to apply. He was kinda proud of himself. Until his hand slipped. Peter processed that the potato slipped out of his hand, but his reaction time was delayed due to it being so early in the morning and Peter not getting any sleep.

He quickly took his hand away from the grater, biting his lip to keep from making any pained noises. He closed his eyes and waited for JARVIS to tell him that Tony or Steve or Bruce was three minutes away. But a minute went past and nothing happened, so he slowly opened one eye. After seeing that nobody was there, Peter rushed to a bathroom and got a first aid kit, hurriedly and messily fixing his hand up. It wasn't too bad, but it hurt like hell. Like a bunch of paper cuts.While Peter was in the bathroom, Tony had went to the kitchen to make coffee, however he stopped in his tracks when he saw a bunch of shredded potatoes. Okay who was trying to make breakfast but gave up halfway through? He grumbled as he made his coffee, assuming Clint had gotten hungery but stopped when he saw how much work it'd be. He leaned on the counter, looking at the mass of shredded potatoes, only just now noticing the blood on the grater and on the floor. Panic struck through him as he realized what must've happened."Kid?" Tony called out, abandoning his coffee as he went to find Peter. "JARVIS, locate Peter." he says when the blood trail stopped in the hallway. Goddammit why did the kid always have to hurt himself on the simplest of things?"Mr. Parker is in the bathroom to your right, Sir." JARVIS says a few seconds later."Why the hell did you not tell me that he was hurt?" Tony asks, suddenly getting furious at his AI. It didn't matter if Peter had a paper cut, he needed to know if his spider son was hurt or in pain."Mr.Barton has requested for me to inform him first, however he would not wake. I assume he is still snoring in his room." JARVIS says, sounding disapproving.

Tony muttered some curses under his breath about Clint's demand, then enters the bathroom Peter was in, not in a good mood now that his adrenaline was wearing off and he was mad at Clint for another stupid decision that the archer made."Let me see, kid." Tony says, his tone getting a little softer. Peter was trying and failing to wrap his hand up, as he assumed."U-uh mister Stark its not that bad." Peter says, trying to dismiss it. He really didn't want to bother Tony so early in the morning, but the tired superhero cut the shit and took Peters injured hand, looking at it."You really tore yourself up, kid." Tony says with a frown, concern weighing in on him again. He wanted to fix the kid up, but he knew he should probably get Bruce to do that."R-really, Mister Stark its not that bad. It'll heal in a day or two, I promise." Peter stammers, going to ramble on but Steve, Bucky, Cli
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Hurt Peter Parker
Bullying
Protective Bucky Barnes
Protective Clint Barton
Protective Avengers

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Pepper Potts
Peter Parker & The Avengers
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

