Chapter 1: It's not an insult
    


Notes:
Thanks so much, Rainne and Aurilly, for beta!

            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            




Chapter Text
 "Christ, what a mess," said Tony, dropping down onto the couch next to Pepper and handing her a whiskey. "We've confirmed what Sitwell said, by the way," he said to Natasha. "Bruce was on the HYDRA list."Natasha sat back and swirled her drink, noting absently that it was funny how she no longer had any problem thinking of Jasper Sitwell as a traitor. Maybe that was one advantage of having had to rehash the tale ad nauseam at the hearings for the last couple of weeks - as well as dealing with all the other revelations about who was rotten at SHIELD."Bruce, Stephen Strange, Reed Richards - a lot of people," said Pepper. "Came within seconds of getting them, too."Bruce nodded grimly, fingers tight around his glass. Pepper gave him a worried glance."And using tech I gave them, the bastards," Tony muttered. He shook his head and took a sip of his drink. "I'm a little insulted that I wasn't on it too, to be honest. And I still can't quite believe Sitwell was rotten. Though finding out about my best friend in the Senate was a pleasant surprise." He gave Natasha a wry grin. "So. You've given the finger to the powers that be, you've destroyed a pretty serious amount of property, and SHIELD is in shambles." He glanced around at the gathered group. "I'd say the Avengers Initiative as we know it is done for. What now?""Don't think there's a big change for you two," said Clint, perched on the arm of Natasha's chair and nodding at Tony and Bruce. "Not like SHIELD was your permanent gig. It's me, Natasha and Steve who are screwed on the careers front.""You know Maria Hill's already taken us up on the offer of a job at SI," Pepper pointed out. "The rest of you can certainly—""Clint and I will be fine," said Natasha. It wasn't like they were hard up for cash, after all. And they had HYDRA rats to help Fury track down, and an agency to help build back, if such a thing was possible. All sorts of things to do. "We'll let you know if we need your help.""Cap?" asked Tony. "Any solid plans for the future yet? Or is the plan still to go after Barnes, like Natasha said?""That's still the plan," said Steve."You and flyboy here?" Tony asked, glancing at Sam, who nodded.Natasha pursed her lips. “I told you that you might not want to unravel that thread.”"I have to."Tony exchanged a glance with Bruce, then leaned forward. "Listen, Rogers," he began, then paused. "Steve, I... I get that you have an overdeveloped sense of duty and all, but I think there might be bigger problems going on right now than trying to track down one old friend who--""I have to,” Steve said through a clenched jaw. He put his untasted drink on the coffee table beside him.Tony frowned, then turned to Sam. "Can't you talk sense into him?"Sam shook his head. "Probably not. Haven't tried real hard."“Steve, there are a few things you need to think about,” Natasha said. “Your friend probably doesn't have a command structure right now. That could be devastating - and dangerous for somebody like him.""Doesn't that mean that he needs to be found, before he does any harm?""He's already done plenty of harm, Steve," Clint said bluntly."More harm, I mean.""Are you really the best person to track him down though?" asked Clint. "And take him in? He's your friend. That's gonna affect how you think of him. It already has.""The other possibility is that he may be harmless," said Natasha. Steve narrowed his eyes at her and she had the distinct impression that he thought she was full of shit and was too polite to say so. "Without somebody to give him orders, he could just be wandering around.""And you know what else is going on right now with SHIELD, and how serious it is," said Clint. "We could use your help.""Either way, the authorities will be looking for him,” Bruce pointed out. "It's not like you're the only one who's gonna want to find him.""You know, HYDRA may be looking for him too," said Tony. "Whoever's left of them—if they haven't found him already. He's a weapon, and they lost a lot of them recently.""I've thought of that.” Steve stood up, nervous energy radiating off of him. Natasha winced in sympathy. Not that she really thought any of them had a chance talking him out of going after the Winter Soldier, but they had to make the effort—an effort that couldn't be easy for Steve to listen to."Getting between HYDRA and what they want hasn't done wonders for your health so far," Tony continued. "Don't get me wrong, we're all glad you did it - especially Bruce and all the other targets on that list—but... for one guy?"Steve faced them all squarely, and Natasha could see the stubbornness that was such an integral part of him stiffening his spine. “You're telling me Bucky may be very harmful because he's disoriented, and it'll be dangerous for me to try to find him because I'm too involved. Or he may 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Hurt/Comfort
Steve Feels
Secondary Character POV
dub-con
Bucky Barnes Feels
Hurt Bucky Barnes
non-con
WARNING: AUTHOR IS BAD AT TAGS
DO NOT READ IF YOU HAVE ANY SERIOUS TRIGGERS OR SQUICKS

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

