Chapter 1: Headphones
    




Chapter Text
To be brutally honest, this was probably the most scared Peter had ever been during his ‘arachnid adventures,’ as Ned so adequately labelled them. Look – Peter knew he was going to be in some deep shit with his Dad once he got out of, wherever he was. Himself and Tony had just had a very lengthy and ‘important’ talk about Peter’s recklessness and how it impacted his safety and Tony’s patience. Peters joke about it being an intervention had met him with a hard glare and a stern “not the time for jokes Pete.”  Just the fact that his Dad hadn’t called him ‘kid’ indicated to Peter that the conversation was a serious one, but clearly not serious enough to constitute for his whole name. The few times Peter had heard Tony call him by his whole name were nerve-racking, to say the least.
Peter’s not saying he didn’t deserve the talk, he had been getting relatively fast and loose when it came to his safety. He had ended up getting a few bruises and broken bones that took up to a week to heal, which was awhile when it came to Peter, what with his accelerated healing and all. Telling Tony, he had to skip out on his weekly training back-to-back had the mechanic, worried, mildly curious and a whole lot concerned. Turns out Peter had, firstly, broken his ankle attempting to kick down a vibranium-enforced door. To make matters worse, he had continued patrol for a few hours before deciding it was the right time to go home and clumsily wrap the injury up without notifying anyone of the situation. Luckily for Peter, he healed after about a week and was right back out patrolling as soon as putting pressure on the foot didn’t cause major pain. The second week Peter was out of commission was because he had gotten shot in the same ankle.
“Honestly Dad, it wasn’t my fault it was the same ankle, the guy just had terrible aim and missed my head that badly.” Peter remembered the shrug that he followed his excuse with. Apparently, his suit – Karen – could detect the bullet still lodged in his ankle, but not some old bone remnants that remained from his first week’s excuse.
“Pete, you gotta promise me this time” Tony had said firmly, while he was busy wrapping the already healing bullet wound.
“Yeah, I know. Next time I’m injured to the point where a normal person would get medical attention for, I call you immediately.” Tony had nodded at that, obviously satisfied with Peter’s understanding. He had stood, patted the kid on the knee, and then proceeded to lead him to his room and, for lack of better words, tuck him into bed.
“Stay outta trouble for a while kid” Tony had murmured into the younger Stark’s soft curls as he pressed a soft kiss on his temple. Peter hummed audibly at the pleasant memory of his Dad, and ouch, he missed him already. How long had he been here now? Where was here? How long would he be alone, without his Dad, without the feeling of home and safe and warm.  Peter needed to think, needed to take note of anything and everything he could. He was a Stark and he could get out of this if he just used his head. ----- 8 Hours Prior Peter shoved the last piece of toast into his mouth, smirking at the exaggerated look of feigned disgust on Tony’s face. Peter stood and walked around the table behind his Dad’s chair, wrapping his arms softly around the older Starks shoulders and neck.
“See you this afternoon afterschool Dad.” Peter said fondly, squeezing a little. Tony squeezed back,
“Yep, see you then Pete, have fun at school, good luck for that quiz” the older Stark replied with ease, matching his fondness. Peter released from the hug, gripped his bag strap as he swung it over his shoulder and walked out the door and headed into the elevator.
“Will do, see you later Dad” He called over his shoulder as the doors pinged shut. Tony looked down and smiled to himself, basking in his kid’s lingering optimism. Peter shoved his headphones in his ears as he walked to school, relishing in the thought of relaxing and working on his suit with his Dad afterschool. He walked quickly, not wanting to be late, today of all days, because of his Spanish quiz first period. Peter crossed the street, removing an earbud so he could hear the buzz of the crosswalk, then quickly stuffing it back in his ear. After a few more steps he felt a familiar tingle at the base of his skull, and tugged at his headphone again, listening for what could have triggered his Spidey-senses. The thrumming in his head continued, not easing for a second as Peter whipped his head and eyes around, watching carefully for anything out of the ordinary. He couldn’t see anything, and after a few more minutes of walking and watching and observing, he hesitantly placed one earbud back into his ear, still keeping an eye out for things. He didn’t normally ignore his senses when they flared up like that, but then again, they didn’t normally when he was just Peter. Until he could figure out what could be causing his unease, there wasn’t muc
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Obadiah Stane & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Hurt Peter Parker
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Protective Tony Stark
Kidnapping
Human Experimentation
Implied/Referenced Torture
Torture
Aftermath of Torture
How Do I Tag
My First Fanfic
Alternate Universe
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Peter Parker-centric
Precious Peter Parker
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Poor Peter Parker
Angst and Hurt/Comfort
Sorry Not Sorry
What Have I Done
Swearing
Surgery
Nightmares
Panic Attacks
Coffee
Sleep Deprivation
The Author Regrets Nothing
The Author Regrets Everything
Blood and Gore
Medical Experimentation
Medical Torture
Original Character(s)
Drowning
Sensory Deprivation
Senses
Crying
Emotional/Psychological Abuse
Psychological Torture
Broken Bones
Begging
Whump
Peter Parker Whump
Irondad
spiderson
Peter Parker is Tony Stark's Biological Child
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Has Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Tony Stark Has Nightmares
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark Friendship
Artist Steve Rogers
Flashbacks
Memories
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
I'm Bad At Tagging
Electrocution
Gags
Goodbyes
Fluff
Rescue Missions
Rescue
Deaf Clint Barton
James "Rhodey" Rhodes Is a Good Bro
Steve Rogers Is a Good Bro
Quinjet
Deadpool References
Blood Loss
Hugs
Young Peter Parker
Canon Divergence - Iron Man 1
Betrayal
Arc Reactor
BAMF Peter Parker
Sassy Peter Parker
Tooth-Rotting Fluff
BAMF Tony Stark
BAMF Natasha Romanov

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
James "Rhodey" Rhodes & Tony Stark
Happy Hogan & Peter Parker
Obadiah Stane & Tony Stark
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

