Work Text:
Some weekends, if he wasn’t overloaded with course work, Peter would go stay at the Avengers’ compound. On most of those weekends Ned or MJ, or sometimes both, would tag along.
It was a general rule that Friday was for relaxing, and Saturday was for training. It was a mutual decision that regular team bonding and a break from the world of superheroes would be beneficial to the team. She was told the tradition started shortly after the other Avengers came back. Of course Peter was the one to suggest it, and she knows he has that way of making it near impossible to say ‘no’ with those endearingly hopeful eyes. Honestly, she didn’t know why they still called it team bonding. It was obvious at this point that it was just family night. On Saturdays they could worry about being serious.
Thus, this Saturday morning Michelle found herself keeping Peter company while he trained.
MJ was nestled in a beanbag chair with a book. The beanbag seemed out of place in the gym, but when she requested it, Tony pretty much bought one for her that minute. After all, just because Peter decided he needed to work out, that didn’t mean she had to. She was content with yoga and dancing, thank you very much. She’ll leave the extreme heavy lifting, intense hand-to-hand combat practice, and the general action movie stunt type bullshit to the superheroes.
At a glance, it seemed MJ was just reading comfortably, but if Peter had been paying attention, he’d notice that she hadn’t turned a page in almost five minutes. Her nose may have been in the book, but her eyes were most certainly elsewhere. Just barely peeking over her book, she was using it to hide the rest of her face. Which was a good idea, since a deep blush burned on her cheeks, and she kept switching between a dreamy smile and hungrily biting her lip. How could she not though, when she had a front row seat to the hottest show in town. Literally.
She’d been just fine and dandy reading, but then Peter stopped for a water break and took off his shirt. That’s when she knew she was doomed. So from then to now, Peter and his gorgeous muscles had her undivided attention. Michelle was usually a skeptic when it came to religion, but that boy, she swore he’d been carved from marble and blessed by the gods. He was flexing and moving with his effort, a sheen of sweat shining on his skin. She would like to think she wasn’t a shallow person, but right now the sight of his body was stirring up some kind of primal want deep inside her. She felt this sort of need to claim him, make him hers. Logically, she knew he was already hers, since they’d been dating for a while now.
The feeling was more instinctual than anything, and she found it difficult to ignore the burning ache in her core. She felt kind of ashamed, eyeing him like a piece of meat, but the hot wetness gathering in her panties pushed her thoughts elsewhere. Fantasies where he rammed her against the wall and made her scream. A shudder moved through her body at the thought.
Peter was focusing on maintaining technique while counting reps, but while he was controlling his breathing, he noticed a scent different from the usual. It stood out from the rubber like smells of the gym or MJ’s lavender shampoo, and it gave him a strange warm feeling in his gut. He knew that smell. When the realization of why the smell was familiar hit him, he almost choked on air, dropping the weights in shock.
The sudden resounding thud caused MJ to flinch and drop her book. Revealing the intense blush behind it. He turned and stared at her for a few seconds, like he was analyzing her. She almost wanted to sink into the floor out of guilt and embarrassment. He definitely caught her ogling him, hell, she was basically drooling over him.
“What’s up, Pete?” she attempted and failed to ask casually, not meeting his eyes. He hesitated a bit before he spoke.
“I can… um, I can smell you?” he told her, unsure, the statement coming out more like a question. She looked up at him and frowned.
“Smell me? Rude.” She sounded kind of annoyed. “I showered just this morning, like, maybe two hours ago.” She defended. Peter quickly shook his head.
“No, that’s not what I meant.” He said, holding his hands up in a placating gesture, and apologizing. “Sorry.” He paused for a moment to think of how to word it. “I can smell that you’re… turned on?” MJ’s jaw dropped.
“You can smell that?” she asked sounding shocked, not even trying to deny his words.
“Yeah?” he shrugged, like he was just as surprised.
“That’s crazy.” MJ said incredulously. “You’re like a wild animal.”
He blushed at the comparison, and she blushed at the implication of her words. She squashed her sudden nerves, she refused to turn back now that the opportunity had presented itself on a silver platter.
“Do you wanna maybe do something about it?” she asked quietly, eyes searching his.
“Fuck yes.” He all but groaned. She reached out a hand with a mischievous smile, and he pulled her to her feet. She wasted no time 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
spideychelle - Relationship

freeform: 
Smut
Kissing
Vaginal Sex
Making Out
tbh I felt filthy writing this
Peter and MJ are at it again
Tony is just so done with them

fandom: 
Michelle Jones/Peter Parker
spideychelle - Relationship

