Chapter 1: Tomorrow and Tomorrow and Tomorrow Creeps in this Petty Pace from Day to Day
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Loki looked away hurriedly as Thor's blue eye met his own green ones. He fought to keep his discomfort off his face; Thor had caught him staring again. Loki had no idea what his brother might think about the occasions where he turned his attention to Loki and found his little brother gazing searchingly at him. He likely believed Loki was plotting some mischief. He might believe that Loki was weighing past slights. He probably believed Loki was debating leaving. None of this was actually true. More often than not, Loki was just thanking the Norns that his brother was alive. Was looking at him in wonder because they were actually here, working together.  He could just tell Thor. There was no reason he shouldn't. Thor would be far less suspicious and infinitely grateful, which could only be beneficial to Loki. But he couldn't.  It was a fallacy to believe that the unofficial God of Lies hates the truth, in reality it was much the opposite. Loki coveted the truth. He hoarded it greedily for himself. Like a dragon with the gold that he took from whomever he could; he rarely doled it out in turn.  Of course, there was also the awkwardness of how to bring the topic up. Hey Thor! Did I ever tell you about the time Thanos attacked the ship because I was crazy enough to take the Tesseract from Asgard? It was quite sad. Everyone died, except for me and Bruce. I had to team up with your Avengers; they didn't like that so much. Well, Stark seemed to like it fine in the end.  Loki chased thoughts of Iron Man out of his head. He wasn't sure why his little infatuation hadn't dissipated yet, but he wasn't going to give it any more thought than he already had. That ‘Yes’ that was Stark’s last words to him was certainly not nagging at him from the back of his mind at the most inconvenient points of the day. Even if it was, as long as he ignored it, it would go away, and he could get back to his life. Back to sanity or at least the barest bit of it he possessed.  Back to the problem at hand, which was that Thor would never believe him. And that was before he got to the part where he went back in time and ended up screwing everything up royally, well for pretty much everyone but himself. Thor had stayed banished, New York had been wiped out, Iron Man was dead, Banner was trapped for years in his berserker form. But Loki had been king, he had his mother back, for all he refused to acknowledge her. The Tesseract had been destroyed and he had nothing to fear from Thanos as he hadn’t ever failed the Titan. He should have been completely, selfishly on board for this alternate future. Thor would never believe that it hadn't felt right. That the idea of him being King instead of Thor, of Tony Stark being dead, of Bruce Banner's loss, had been so wrong that Loki had gone right back and fixed it all over again. Loki sighed. He knew he would have to tell the story eventually. The Tesseract's destruction had delayed Thanos, had ensured that he would never wield the full might of the Infinity Gauntlet, but it hadn't eliminated the threat.  The Asgardians had been on Earth for months now and the royal brothers had been busy. Norway had granted their petition to settle in some of their unoccupied country. They were all honorary citizens of Earth now. But there was still the work in building their civilization back up from nothing. That would be work enough for any man, but Loki had his separate, secret mission as well.  In the original timeline Dr. Strange, for all his claims to protect their reality, had been woefully unprepared. Fortunately, but just this time, Dr. Strange had been their welcome party. They hadn’t been in Norway for more than a day before Strange appeared demanding to know what Loki was doing back on Earth. Loki, as promised, responded with a deep, passionate kiss right on Strange’s lips. He wasn’t sure who looked more surprised, Strange or Thor. Both stared at him, mouths gaped wide in shock. Loki wondered if Strange was often speechless; he suspected not. The mute surprise gave him time to explain about why they were on Earth and, more importantly, Thanos. Strange walked away with the information he needed to start preparing and a promise from Thor to keep Loki in line. Loki allowed it, for now.  More significant was the nudge he had given Dr. Banner as to how Vision might be separated from the Mind Stone. This information had come from Bruce's hypothesis in the first place, Loki just made sure the scientist’s brain got on track before the threat of Thanos was too close. Loki smiled, remembering Bruce's flattered confusion when Loki had sat down with him companionably to have a drink and talk of science and magic.  Loki had become rather fond of Bruce, both in this timeline and the original. He had been saddened by Banner's departure to the Av
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Implied/Referenced Suicide
Implied/Referenced Torture
Mildly Dubious Consent
Not Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Compliant
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Loki (Marvel) Lives
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Odin (Marvel)'s A+ Parenting
POV Loki (Marvel)
POV Tony Stark
Female Loki (Marvel)
Loki (Marvel) Needs a Hug
Loki (Marvel) Feels
Tony Stark Feels
Loki (Marvel) Does What He Wants
King Thor (Marvel)
Thor (Marvel) is Not Stupid
Shapeshifter Loki (Marvel)
Jotunn Loki (Marvel)
Cat Loki (Marvel)
Pining
Angst and Feels
Banter
Bonding
Thor is a Good Bro (Marvel)
Magical Accidents
Genderfluid Loki (Marvel)

fandom: 
Loki/Tony Stark

