Chapter 1: Tony
    




Chapter Text


Unstoppable Force and Immovable Object

 Tony’s relationship to Captain America had been complicated since he was about ten years old. Before that, when he was very, very small, the idea of his dad honestly knowing Captain America, and Auntie Peggy nearly marrying him had been nothing short of amazing. However, double digits brought a little maturity to balance his technological genius, and the realisation that Dad had liked Cap better burnt a fair bit of that glamour out.The rational, logical part of his brain had known that it was only natural. Captain America was everything good and perfect in mankind. The world had needed him during the war, and still did, so it was only fair that Dad would have been the first in line to throw Tony into the ocean if it would have brought Captain America out of it. But the small, hidden part of him that had cried when he learned that Santa and the tooth fairy weren’t real had never known how to even attempt to cope with the burden of not being good enough; as he grew older that had solidified into bright, hard-edged fury. What kind of father compared their child to a superhero? A superhero who had helped win the Second World War? How was that fair?The insecurity had never gone away.Then, when they finally met, Steve turned out to be everything Tony had always been told he was…and he didn’t think Tony was good enough, either. He had believed he was genuinely going to die. Just…die. What was so wrong with him that not only his own parents but the best person who had ever existed all thought that he was a waste of space? He was a genius. He could create things that other people couldn’t even imagine. He was Iron Man. He saved people. What was so awful inside him that it nullified all that?Nowadays, he mostly just tries not to think about it. He and Steve have reached an understanding, and the tower is a much nicer place to live because of it. He’s not stupid enough to believe that their relationship is anything like he used to imagine when he was still young enough to play pretend, but he’s a colleague, and a trusted one. On the battlefield at least, Steve trusts Tony to have his back and the backs of the others. In terms of life and death situations, Steve knows he’d do anything for them. In life and death situations, he knows Steve would do the same.After all they’ve been through, they’re even friends. You know, sort of. It’s more than he could ever have hoped for.Which should be fine. It really would be fine. Tony doesn’t need friends. He certainly doesn’t need to be friends with Captain America just because he was his boyhood hero, and would have been his Uncle Steve if his Auntie Peggy had had the life she’d dreamed of in her twenties. Unfortunately, he has started to have, well…feelings for Steve.He should have expected it really. It was unconscionably stupid for him not to have prepared for this inevitability. Captain America, or better, Auntie Peggy’s Steve Rogers, has been the stuff his wet dreams have been made of since he hit puberty.Steve is everything he has ever wanted: strong and beautiful, capable and honourable, unflaggingly brave and selflessly heroic. Pepper was everything he had ever loved in his dreams of Captain America. The real Steve is so much better, so much more, than he could have imagined.Tony wants him. He’s never wanted anything in his life the way he wants Steve, and it actually makes him want to curl up under a blanket and sob like a child to know that there is no chance that the feeling will ever be reciprocated. Steve might not hate him the way he did in the beginning. He might have realised that Tony has some redeeming features in battle, and in terms of being able to create everything they could ever need. Still, he’s hardly going to want to start bumping uglies.See, if that were all he wanted, Tony could live with that too. First, there’s a good chance he could get Steve into bed anyway. Steve might be pure and virtuous and so far above Tony that standing them next to each other is like putting a power station pumping out endless toxic waste in the middle of a beautiful, peaceful forest, previously untouched by humanity, but Tony has a long and established routine. He’s good at convincing people to use him for one night stands. Steve might be the pinnacle of perfection and more morally upstanding than anyone has a right to be, but he’s only human. Second, contrary to popular belief, he's been rejected before. He’s been rejected before by people he cares about. The less said about the awkward night at MIT that he threw himself at Rhodey the better. He can live with unrequited sexual tension. He has a right hand and a perfectly good imagination. He could even have JARVIS play clips of Steve’s voice, clips wildly out of context, to make it sound like he was saying dirty things.What he wants is…God, it’s embarrassing even to admit it. What he wants with Steve are the things he could never give Pepper: 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

freeform: 
getting together fic
everyone thinks their affections are unrequited and Natasha doesn't see how this is her problem
past bullying
past hinted Steve/Howard (but not really)
team coming together
the boys finally talking and clearing up misconceptions about each other

fandom: 
Steve Rogers/Tony Stark

