Chapter 1: Harley
    




Chapter Text

Harley
 
Peter’s summer has 

not

 been mostly avoiding his uncle’s house than anything else.
 
It 

hasn’t

.
 
Sure, he went out as Spiderman more often during the summer, but only due to the decreased school hours and increased, if anything, crime. And sure, he went to Ned’s house for lunch most days, but they had to build new drones constantly because the old ones kept getting smashed by, as previously mentioned, the increase in crime. And 

sure

 he spent most nights at the compound, but it was summer and Scott and Clint were around as often as they were during the school year, leaving three hyper and very much unsupervised children in the masked vigilantes care. And that did take a lot out of him thank you very much. It didn’t matter that he hadn’t been sleeping well the past few weeks, cause he never stayed in one place too long. It didn’t matter that his eating schedual was all off making him sick or hungry at the absolute 

wrong

 times. It didn’t matter that his bones ached and were too wary for training. He kept going because he was 

busy

.
 
So he wasn’t 

avoiding

 home per say. He was just busy. It’s not like Ben cared anyway, he got his monthly rent in yesterday and there was no reason to go back because all the tools and stuff he used to build gear were in Ned’s house, and his laptop in his bag as he swung through downtown Manhattan to get to Avenger’s tower. 
 
It was mid-June near 10pm, and Peter doesn’t think he’s seen anything more amazing than the whole city lit up on a clear night. It was so awesome from this view too. No matter how much he’s seen it, Peter would never get tired of it.
 
When he swung in through the window to the common room on the floor 43, he expected some Avengers on the couch with Lila and Cassie drawing on the barstools and maybe Cooper playing a video game on his phone. 
 
He didn’t expect to see Tony Stark receiving what seemed to be more of a lecture than anything else from a sandy haired 18-19 year old. 
 
“Why do you even put up with that kid? Like you have so many other things ta do.” the kid said snarkily and Tony sighed and rubbed his temples.
 
“Really, like what?” Tony asked, full frustration in his voice.
 
“Like me.” wow, was this his kid or something? He’s got the ego down path. But Peter could tell the guy was joking, and also concerned. He looked more worried than anything actually.
 
“Look Harley, I don’t wanna be sidelined to your BS again, when I said you could come home for the summer, I didn’t expect you to spite me like this.” Tony said in an exasperated tone, and this looked so domestic. Peter had a smirk on having taken off his mask, and leant against the window frame. He’d wait and see in they’d notice him, and also he kinda wanted to see how this played out.
 
“Sidelined? If anything 

I’m

 being sidelined. You sent me off to the other side of the country.” Harley, apparently the guy’s name was, said and then continued, he didn’t seem mad, he seemed more amused if anything “And what 

did

 you expect anyways?” he said with a glint of mischief.
 
“I 

expected

 to be treated like the great mechanic/father-figure I am to you. And I didn’t 

send you off

, you had to go to college and 

you

 chose MIT. Not my fault I live in New York since the Avengers re-assembled.”
 
“Yeah, and you harbor an freakish vigilante.” Harley said with his nose wrinkled. Wait were they talking about 

him

 before they got here? Ohh shit- wait did this stupid jerk call him a freak.
 
“I’m not a freak.” Peter grumbled loud enough for them to hear and they both snapped their head toward him.
 
“Jesus, kid how long were you there for?” for some reason Harley scrunched his nose up at him. 
 
“Long enough to hear you call me a freak. Albeit, I get my costume isn’t the most appealing but 

come on

.” Peter crossed his arms and jumped down in front of the guy about 10 feet away, who was 6 inches taller than him so he had to look up. Harley must’ve taken pride in that, cause he smirked at him.
 
“News outlets seem to hate you.” Harley said, and of course he’d say that, cause he went to MIT and the only source of credit he got out there was the Daily Bugle. He really hated his boss sometimes.
 
“I have no idea why, I’m a likable guy.” he usually only talked this way when he was Spiderman. Why was a civilian, a civilian with Mr.Stark’s trust he might add, getting this kind of reaction from him? Peter was more controlled in not letting his two personas clash, but this guy...
 
“Clint and Scott took their kids back to their homes for the rest of the summer.” Tony interrupted relieving some of the tension in the room. He probably did it unknowingly, because he looked dead tired and Peter couldn’t help but 

some

 worry be evident on his face. “So uhm, you are officially relieved for the summer. Go do you vigilante thing and yeah. I’m going to bed.” That was when the words really sunk in. 
 
He was going home tonight.
 
But t
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Angst
Hurt/Comfort
Hurt Some Comfort
Implied/Referenced Child Abuse
OOC Ben
He's an asshole
Harley Keener is a little shit
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker is a Little Shit
Harley Keener is a Good Bro
Family
Science buddies
Shuri is awesome
BAMF Peter Parker
BAMF shuri
Wanda is worried
tony is so done
Tony is a bit of an asshole
But it's okay cuz he's trying
Driving
Robot Dinosaurs
Peter is a little Smarty pants
5+1 Things
But you already knew that
Pranks
Vines
Memes
Teenagers
Sleep Deprivation
Peter needs a break

fandom: 
Harley Keener & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

