Work Text:
No one had expected, back when it’d first been revealed, that supervillains Loki and the Winter Soldier might be soulmates. The two weren’t exactly friends. Sure, they weren’t antagonistic the way Loki and Doom were, but there was no love lost between them. The only reason anyone had discovered it at all was because of the Human Torch. Johnny Storm had a flare for the dramatic and was, quite literally, flaming gay. He didn’t even try to hide how much he enjoyed burning the shirts off of male opponents he thought might be hot underneath the layers.Once their matching soulmarks were caught on camera, there was no keeping it a secret. Red and yellow yarrow bloomed over their hearts, icy-blue hydrangea burst through around the edges, and marigolds dotted the design. It was an instant news frenzy. As if it weren’t already enough to discover that two of the world’s most notorious supervillains were soulmates, three elements to the design could only mean one thing: triad. There was someone else out there who would be rightfully bonded to the pair, should they ever meet. Many triad soulbonds couldn’t even properly function without all three members. If any two tried to go without their third, the bond would eventually collapse and fall apart.Every news network, psychologist, and intelligence agency wanted to know who that third was. It was no secret that the Winter Soldier and Loki didn’t know. After starting to appear together more and more frequently, Loki came forward to declare their search. It wasn’t helped by the fact that Loki wasn’t even from their planet. No one could be sure their third was on Earth, as opposed to somewhere else in the vast universe.No one except for one person.Tony Stark would never be more grateful for the fact that he wore a weaponized suit during battles. Even with grappling, there was no danger of either supervillain accidentally brushing against his skin. Even the slightest touch would give away his secret and that was not a risk he was willing to take. When his soulmark had first manifested, Tony had been so naively excited… Not only would he have one person who would love him, but two. Since it was composed of flowers, what else was there to do but for him to learn their meanings?Yarrow for war.Hydrangea for a cold demeanor and heartlessness.Marigold for cruelty, pain and jealousy.For a while, Tony had been willing to give his soulmates the benefit of the doubt. He’d tried to shape himself into that image. A warmongering weapons merchant, a profiteer, uncaring about the fact that his weapons killed people. If Tony represented those traits, his soulmates didn’t have to. Afghanistan changed all that. How could it not? Seeing his weapons in the hands of terrorists, killing the people they were supposed to be protecting, killing Yinsen… Tony couldn’t be that person, not even for his soulmates.And now? To find out that his soulmates were supervillains? Some bitter part of him found it fitting. Tony had never been hero material anyway. ‘Iron Man, yes. Tony Stark, not recommended’ and all that. He deserved nothing less, really. But that didn’t mean he was going to go down without a fight. What were the chances of the Winter Soldier or Loki ever getting their hands on him, anyway? As long as he stayed in the suit, he’d be safe. After all, it wasn’t like they ran into each other at many social functions.Then, SHIELD asked him to create an image recognition program that would find the supervillains’ shared soulmate. It was no guarantee, but Fury seemed willing to bet that whoever it was had been caught on camera at some point, so long as they were on Earth. If SHIELD could get their hands on the triad’s third first, it would be a huge advantage over two of their biggest enemies.Inserting a line of code that would automatically skip over any image that Tony himself was in was an easy thing. That was never really the problem. Tony could program in his sleep and still hack into any government database in the world. No, the problem was what happened when word about the program got out.Tony had just left SHIELD for the day, stopping by a local coffee shop on his way back to the tower when it happened. The chime of the door opening sounded behind him and the barista turned to greet whoever had entered, only for their face to freeze up in fear and the coffee to slip from slack fingers. Tony turned slowly and pressed himself back against the counter as he saw Loki prowling across the coffee shop toward him. The Winter Soldier wasn’t far behind.Tony’s heart hammered in his chest, Loki’s glowing green eyes locked on his own. He didn’t have his suit, and there was no way it would get here in time from the tower. He’d have to buy himself time and makes damn sure neither of these two were able to touch him in the meantime. His jeans and t-shirt didn’t exactly leave him with much protection. Fuck, did they already know? How did they know? How could they possibly have found out Tony’s single mos
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & JARVIS
Tony Stark & The Bots
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Buck" Barnes/Loki
Loki/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Soulmates
Soulmates
Soulmate-Identifying Marks
Triple Threat Triad
Reluctant Soulmates
Angst
Angst with a Happy Ending
Fluff and Angst
Team as Family
Team Bonding
Team Dynamics
Team Feels
Team Fluff
Fear
Fear of Discovery
Swearing
Self-Doubt
Flowers
Language of Flowers
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Hurt Tony Stark
Tony-centric
Tony Stark Has Issues
Tony Stark Feels
Tony Angst
Tony Being Tony
BAMF Tony Stark
Bucky Barnes Feels
Bucky Barnes Needs a Hug
Bucky Barnes Recovering
Winter Soldier Bucky Barnes
Protective Loki (Marvel)
Relationship Negotiation

fandom: 
Tony Stark & Avengers Team
Steve Rogers & Tony Stark
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark
Clint Barton & Tony Stark
James "Bucky" Barnes/Loki/Tony Stark
Tony Stark & JARVIS
Tony Stark & The Bots
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
James "Buck" Barnes/Loki
Loki/Tony Stark

