Chapter 1: CHAPTER 1
    




Chapter Text
 Slap. Slap. Slap. The rhythmic tapping of his trainers on concrete was all Bucky Barnes could focus on as he jogged down his usual running route. It lasted a little over 20 miles, and cut through the different boroughs of New York city, starting in Manhattan going through Brooklyn and ending in Queens; Had to burn off super soldier energy, right?The only reason Barnes had gone out was to get away from the chaos that was Stark-no Avengers- Tower. It was starting to get too much. The electric hum in every room was pissing him off, the bright lights in every room was hurting his eyes, Steve’s mother henning, Starks cold glare-And if he had the chance to stay out of Sam and Clint’s childish and slightly pathetic prank war, then that was just an added bonus.He was starting his cool down routine (read: wondering around a not-so-friendly part of Queens) trying to get his heart rate to calm down as he slowly made his way back to the tower. Bucky always thought this was the best part of his impromptu runs; He saw it as an opportunity to get reacquainted with the city everyone had told him he grew up in. Things have changed a lot since the 1940s. He knew it was dangerous to just stroll in public with only a knife and handgun as protection regardless whether he was an ex-wanted brain washed assassin or not. James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes was an honorary Avenger after all, an easy target for desperate ballsy muggers. Especially in public-Wait. Where the fuck was he?You had one simple task Barnes was all he could think. Avoid alleyways and stay on the main road.He sighed deeply and tried to get his bearings.The Tower was still in sight. Okay. Good. All he had to do was walk towards it and he’ll get there eventually-“Hey! Little shit! Get back here!” a hoarse voice shouted at himAre they talking to me?Bucky turned around to snarl at the direction of the crude call, when suddenly a small body came bashing in to him at 100 miles an hour“Fuck! Oh my god mister I’m so sorry sir I’m kinda in a rush I really didn’t mean to run in to you- Holy shit!” they squeaked and dove to Bucky’s left“You should be shittin’ y’self! I catch y’ here again Imma-“Bucky finally processed that the extremely intimidating woman was one: not addressing him, and two: after whoever was hiding behind the dumpster next to him“There a problem ma’am?” Barnes grunted.“A problem? A problem! If you see a little fuckin turd you tell me! I never want to see that shitbags face ever again!” She spat.“Sorry, I haven’t seen anyone around here.” Bucky deadpanned The woman continued looking around frantically, her bleach blonde hair flying around and hitting her face as she was ranting.Finally, she marched away, still muttering angrily to herself. Once the coast was clear the dumpster diver came out of hiding. Their eyes grew wide in recognition after they saw Bucky’s face. “Oh my God! You’re the Winter Soldier! It’s an honour man-”Bucky finally got a good look at them, and was mildly shocked to see a teenage boy, no older than 16 years old. About 5’7” maybe 5’8” making Bucky completely tower over the boy. He had curly brown hair long enough to reach his eyes that was in desperate need of a haircut, or at least a wash. His face was round, but his eyes had the biggest bags underneath them and his cheek bones were prominent, making him look gaunt. The tip of his nose was dry and flaky, his lips were chapped and his pallor made him almost ghost like. The way his ratty blue jumper hung on him and the way his skinny jeans weren’t quite skinny on him didn’t help his case.  But… he had such an air of wholesomeness that just threw Bucky off completely. He actually reminded Bucky of-“… Captain America! Sorry Mr. Winter Soldier- Mister Soldier- Mister Barnes- Sergeant Barnes sir wow okay I’m rambling you probably don’t wanna hear about your own team. Are you lost or somethin’?” he asked with a Queens drawl. “You need help getting back to Avengers tower? In Manhattan? It’s the least I could do after you covered for me back there.”Bucky looked down at the over excited and fanboy teenager. What? Oh yeah, he had to get back. God knows how long he had been gone. The boy was looking at him, waiting for a reply“That would be really great, thank you…?” Bucky asked cautiously“Peter,” The boy- Peter- filled in for him“Peter.” Bucky confirmed. “And its Bucky kid,”“Sure thing Mr. Bucky sir!”They walked back to edge of Brooklyn, the whole time the kid was prattling on about some new scientific breakthrough by Tony Stark and Dr. Banner. Bucky was at the tower at the time. He remembered there was a shitload of explosions and quarantine periods until they finally made progress. It did interest him (HYDRA could never brainwash the nerd away), but Peter was talking about the technical complexities that he just couldn’t keep up with.
Damn this kid wont stop talking
“Don’t forget to breathe kid,” Was all Bucky said to him.Peter stopped himself and his ch
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

freeform: 
BAMF Peter Parker
Homeless Peter Parker
Peter is a Little Shit
Precious Peter Parker
Peter is a Meme
Gen Z humour
theres a lot of vine references
Canon Divergence - Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Dead May Parker (Spider-Man)
IM SORRY OKAY I FEEL BAD ABOUT IT
she makes many appearances dw
because i hate aunt may erasure
Tags May Change
i actually can't tag for shit
ill put potential tw at the beginning of the chapters
Team IronMan
but we don't slander teamcap in this good Christian Server
not too much anyway
my bias kinda popped out yikes
Genius Peter Parker
why is that a tag yall thats just common knowledge
everyone's lowkey ooc
do i care? not rlly lol
Not Avengers: Endgame (Movie) Compliant
Angst
but a very light sprinkling dw
no beta we die like men
Not Spider-Man: Far From Home Compliant

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Natasha Romanov & Tony Stark

