Work Text:

Howard had long since stopped expecting anything of his son. Anthony was currently wrestling with an awful hangover, and hadn’t yet emerged from his room. Howard was also pretty sure he had had a girl in there- the second one this week.
 
He didn’t understand it. He’d tried to take only perfection from the boy, sent him to the top schools, given him everything money could buy. He should be 

grateful

. He should be making his father proud. Yet here he was, drunk stupid and having done nothing productive the entire week, Howard thought irritably as he drove to Stark Industries Headquarters on an autumn morning.
 
Howard made it as far as the car park before everything went wrong. As he got out of his car, the world around him seemed to bend and warp. His first thought was that he was dreaming, as the scenery around him swelled and swirled. Then he reflected that it felt far to real, and that perhaps he had taken hallucinogens, or some sort of poison. How? Perhaps someone had slipped it into his breakfast-
 
Howard’s twisted, shimmery surroundings seemed to burst like a bubble, and everything changed too fast for his mind to comprehend, everything including the car he was leaning against. Collapsing to the ground as the door he had been leaning on 

disappeared,

 he blinked in shock for a minute because how the fuck was that 

possible

 and then, as his body began to catch up with what had happened and point out that 

ouch, that hurt 

he sat up and took in his surroundings. He was in an alley, he thought, apparently alone. Something about it seemed weird, as though he was looking through a camera filter or through an alcohol induced haze, but he was too dazed to think about it.
 
There was blood in Howard’s mouth; perhaps he’d bitten his tongue. He felt woozy, and the air was filled with odd smells; pollution, oil, and a million others he didn’t recognize. He stood with effort, dusting himself off and noting that he was wearing clothes he had never seen before in his life, resembling a suit and tie but not a kind he recognized. After another minute to collect himself he walked out into the street.
 
And stared in utter shock. 
 
None of the buildings Howard recognized. 

Nothing

 he recognized. He stood there for a minute, slack jawed in amazement, until a person bumped into him as they walked, startling him. They were wearing odd clothes, and just generally looked 

odd

. Apparently not recognizing him, they mumbled an apology and kept walking, gaze trained on a small rectangular screen that vaguely resembled a compressed phone. A small, stunned part of him wondered if he was in the future. He dismissed it as impossible, but a car disappearing out from under him was also impossible, right? 
 
With nothing else to do, he turned and started walking down the road -which was several lanes wider than anything he’d ever seen, and buzzing with futuristic looking cars he didn’t recognize- until he he realized that one of the buildings ahead -which was incredibly high, the winds at the top must be phenomenal, how had it not fallen over- has a massive 

Stark Industries

 plastered across it. 
 
Gravitating towards anything familiar, and honestly a little afraid that he was in some sort of dream state,
 
The interior wasn’t something he recognized, the decorations being far too sparse and monochrome for him. Looking up, the receptionist frowned for a minute in confusion, apparently recognizing him, then smiled politely. “Hello, is there something you need?”
 
“Uh…”
 
“What’s your name?”
 
“Howard.”
 
“Like Howard Stark? You look sort of like him, by the way.”
 
Howard latched onto that. “Uh, yeah. Can I see him? It’s important.”
 
This time the receptionist looked at him as though he was mad. “Howard Stark is dead. He’s been dead for ages.”
 
Howard recoiled, his mind working as fast as it could. He was 

dead?

 Was that even possible? How was this still Stark Industries then?
 
“What year is it?” He finally settled on, because him being dead ruled out any possibility of it being right now, unless he was in sort of alternate universe, though as far as science knew, those didn’t exist...
 
“2020.”
 
Howard must have looked horrified, because the receptionist asked if he was okay.
 
He wasn’t.
 
That was 29 years. 

29

. The paper this morning had clearly said 1991. As much as it went against everything possible, it did explain the place he didn’t recognize, how everything seemed different, how he was apparently dead. Because that, too, was a thing. Howard stumbled back and collapsed onto an off-white couch, trying to make the information process in his brain.
 
After half a minute of Howard going through every emotion humanly possible and a mildly alarmed receptionist, a man strode into the room.
 
Howard didn’t recognize him at first.
 
The man ground to a halt, at least a dozen emotions flitting across his face. 
 
“

Howard?

” He asked, and then Howard recognized him.
 
That wasn’t possible. For
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Howard Stark
Peter Parker & Howard Stark
A Random Receptionist

freeform: 
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Feels
Howard Stark's A+ Parenting
POV Howard Stark
Howard Stark's Bad Parenting
Precious Peter Parker
Howard is a jerk
but then again thats nothing new
he comes and bothers tony again
a minor thing like death wont stop him
peter parker is there too
he makes a cameo
So does Pepper
i fully believe that if pepper was left alone with howard
she'd beat him up for all the shit he put tony through
I'm Bad At Tagging
just read it
Time Travel

fandom: 
Howard Stark & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts & Howard Stark
Peter Parker & Howard Stark
A Random Receptionist

