Chapter 1: Chapter 1
    




Chapter Text
Tony loved watching Peter move. At first it had been on grainy video footage, seeing this flexible guy swing around in a crude hoody and mask. After that it was at the airport in Germany, looking at this kid fighting superheroes because Tony had asked it of him, donned in the suit Tony had made for him. Of course by then he’d discovered that the lithe, muscular body he’d ogled in fact belonged to what had been a fourteen-year-old, which made it a little harder to justify the boner he got whenever he saw the red-and-blue spandex stretch across the boy’s shoulders. But then Tony had always been a bit of a dirty old man. Lusting after Peter seemed consistent with that, somehow. The boy was everything that he wasn’t; innocent, trusting, righteous, young, healthy, strong. He was a blank slate, waiting for a toddler to come along with a permanent marker and draw all over it. And Tony wanted to be that toddler so badly. Okay, maybe not his best analogy, but the point was that the kid was too pure for his own good and he was just begging to be ruined by someone. Tony also knew that there was a big difference between fantasy and reality. And while he indulged himself in all the dirty fantasies he could manage, the thought of actually seducing a soon-to-be-sixteen-year-old kid went a bit far, even for him. To spoil something so unspoiled would be a crime. Hell, according to the state of New York, it was a crime. So he kept on watching the YouTube videos of the Spider-Man and jerked off to them in the privacy of his office or bedroom. Seeing the boy in the suit that he had made and that was now encasing his smooth body, was usually enough to make him climax. Every stretch it made to accommodate the impossibly flexible movements of his little spider was intended by Tony. Every drag across naked flesh was a touch from Tony himself, even if the kid didn’t realize it. Often when he was right at the edge, ready to fall over it, he imagined Peter catching him just at the moment his dick was spurting onto whatever unlucky shirt he happened to be wearing. He imagined Peter’s surprised little gasp, the cute o-face he was bound to make, and it made the orgasm that much more intense. That was fantasy, though. In real life, he was every bit the caring mentor he had set himself to be, even after Peter declined his Avengers post. Tony had been all too happy picturing the boy living in the headquarters, being there in the morning for breakfast and in the evening for movie nights. Having Peter make that surprisingly mature decision made him a little sulky. He knew he should be proud, but instead he just felt robbed of something precious. In spite of that, they’d found a nice rhythm in the weeks that followed. Peter spent most of his weekends at the compound, working on projects with Tony or tinkering away in the workshop. When Tony managed to set aside his erotic fixation, he felt almost like a proud Dad, watching his son build stuff with his bare hands. He was very well aware of how much more of a creep this made him, but then he supposed that wanting to fuck a fifteen-year-old was bad enough on its own. If he wanted said fifteen-year-old to look up at him with those big doe-eyes and call him Daddy, that wasn’t really the worst of it. And Peter did have a great mind. It was a pleasure to see it at work, to be a part of that. Cheesy as it was, it reminded Tony of a younger version of himself, just taking an idea and running away with it. Nothing being impossible if only you set your mind to it.The only thing that spoiled that platonic fun was that whenever Peter looked up from his workbench and turned to him with a questioning “Mr. Stark?”, Tony felt himself harden just a little. That boy pressed his buttons flawlessly and he wasn’t even trying. “Mr. Stark?”A hand waved in front of his face and Tony blinked a few times, surprised to see someone standing in front of him. “Yeah. Sorry. What’s up, kid?”He’d been so lost in his thoughts that he hadn’t noticed Peter talking to him. God, the kid must think he’s going senile, staring at a stray piece of arc reactor for the past fifteen minutes.It made him even more aware of the age difference that lay between them. Tony was turning forty-eight soon. That meant there was nearly thirty-three years between him and the boy sitting in front of him. More than enough to make him a little uncomfortable. Young, beautiful Peter, still at the tail-end of his awkward puberty. Still able to get excited over a particularly large take-out meal, let alone a new suit upgrade. Probably able to come without being touched. No, Tony mentally chided himself. Those were exactly the kind of thoughts he should not be thinking. He noticed that Peter had started talking, rambling about the specifics of the spider drone he was working on.“I was just wondering if you would look at these new drone designs. I was tinkering a bit with the one in my suit to see if I could enhance i
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Daddy Kink
Science Bros
Masturbation
Praise Kink
Dirty Talk
First Time
Age Difference
Spanking
Corporal Punishment
First Time Blow Jobs
Tony Stark Has Issues
Sassy Peter
Bratty Peter
Anal Fingering
Anal Sex
Rimming
Underage Sex
Loss of Virginity
Verbal Humiliation
Kink Negotiation
Feelings
Feminization
Pregnancy Kink
Crossdressing
Feminine Peter Parker
Questioning

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

