Chapter 1: peter meets shuriiii
    




Chapter Text
“Hey, Mr. Stark? I think I figured it out! If you just elec-” Peter walked into Tony’s lab, frosted flakes in one hand, Bruce banner’s work on gamma radiation in the other one, and didn’t notice that his mentor wasn’t there until halfway through his sentence. “Uhh… Hi?”Instead of Tony bent over a robotic arm stood a short, slightly menacing teenage girl.“Who the hell are you?” She asked.“Peter. But you can call me Pete. Or Penis, if you’re Flash, but you don’t know who Flash is, so idk why you’d call me tha-” His rambling was silenced by her holding up a hand and squinting at him.“D-did you just say ‘idk’ in a sentence unironically?”Peter paused for a second, then said, “Ha. UnIRONically. Get it? ‘Cuz we’re in Mr. Stark’s lab?”“Oh my god.”“What?”“You’re an idiot. Who are you anyway?”“Uhh, first of all, rude, second of all, I told you! Peter. Parker. Peter Parker.”“Is that supposed to mean anything to me?”“Mr. Stark’s intern.”The girl nodded. “I’m Shuri. T’Challa’s sister.”He blinked for a couple seconds as what she said registered in his head. “Holy shit, really?"

Shuri raised an eyebrow as if to say, "why would I lie?"

"Ugghh just please kill me already.” 

The bowl of cereal had dropped sometime in the middle of him processing the information, so the bottoms of his jeans were soaked with milk, as was Mr. Stark’s floor. He looked down, picked up the bowl that had thankfully not broken, and reminded himself to clean it later.Her eyebrows knitted. “Why?”Peter groaned. “I made a fucking Iron Man pun in front of a princess?"

Shuri snorted.

"If there is a God out there, why am I not dead?”Shuri laughed. “Big mood.”He peeked at her through his fingers. “Did you just say ‘mood’? Do you like memes?”Shuri raised an eyebrow, pointed to the cereal covering his mentor’s pristine floor, and spoke. “W-wh-wha-wh-  You spilled cereal!? On my Valentino white floor???”Peter snorted. “Very funny.” He mumbled as he crossed the room to get a rag. He grabbed the towel, and went back to start drying up the milk when he slipped in some.Shuri did not try to help him, instead choosing to stay rooted to the spot and start laughing. Through her giggles, he managed to hear her snort something that sounded suspiciously like, “Mmm, whatcha saayy.”He glared at her from his position on the floor. He paused for a second, then smirked. “You know what? I’m about to say it.”Shuri was still laughing as she giggled out a confused, “What?”“I don’t care that you broke your elbow.”She laughed even harder, and Peter joined in after he managed to rise from the mess of soggy cereal.“I feel attacked.” Shuri told him after a moment.He looked up from where he was toweling up the mess he made. “Oh my god, that is so sad, F.R.I.D.A.Y., play Despacito.”
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Everyone

freeform: 
everyone appears at some point
Meme Lord Shuri (Marvel)
Precious Peter Parker
Meme Lord Peter Parker
Meme lords
Meme Lords Shuri and Peter
Vines
vine references
Memes
Science Bros
Fluff
Iron Dad
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
yeet
Not In Chronological Order
Gen z
generation z
Gen Z Peter Parker
YouTube
tony stark is tired
he is a tired father to one (1) spider-bitch
Pranks and Practical Jokes
dares
Truth or Dare
peter will accept any dare
fuck off flash
this kind of turned into a youtube au
Oops
Cereal
author needs jesus
and sleep
she gets neither

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Shuri
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Everyone

