Work Text:
When Erik left Frost, Leland, and Pierce, his grand plan was to set up an office and offer mutant support services in Boston. His bank account was well-padded from two years of doing the firm's dirty work and he'd won a substantial amount of grant money from proposals he'd put together while staying late in the office after hours. It was all he talked about for the two years he was investigating cases and breaking the law for a bunch of rich mutants who cared more about making a buck than doing what was right. He had a goal, his goal was noble, his work wasn't, but he was working to attain that goal, so he could still mostly look his mother in the eye on his visits home to New York.Plus, any questionable things he did for Frost and her partners...well. They didn't hold a candle to the work he had done for Shaw. His plan changed slightly when the time came to put it into action. Real estate in Boston being what it was, he set his sights a little lower and began searching for office space in Cambridge. After two weeks of fruitlessly searching, he accepted that Cambridge was gentrified to hell, and that's how he's ended up here, staring up at the empty space for rent above 11 Bow Street in Somerville. The downstairs is a coffee shop, its windows open wide to catch the last nice day of autumn before the days turn cold, and there's a patio off to the right with a dog bowl and some picnic tables. The steps up to the second floor are in the patio area and not as close to the street as he'd like, and he'd really wanted to rent somewhere closer to the T, but the small inconveniences are worth it both for the price and because of the small print in the rental ad that stressed that mutant tenants were welcome and encouraged.There's a young black man sitting on one of the picnic tables, and he flips his sunglasses up on top of his head when Erik approaches, jumping down onto the pavement."You Erik Lehnsherr?" he asks, and Erik nods. "Armando Munoz. I'm your maintenance guy.""Nice to meet you," Erik says, and they shake, after which Armando gestures towards the stairs."Why don't we go take another look and then, as long as everything is okay, you can sign the papers?""Sounds good," Erik says, and follows Armando up the stairs to the door of his new office.The space is large and roomy, with windows facing the street and along the wall looking down onto the patio. There are three doors against the far wall, all open. Two are offices and the middle is a closet. On the far right is a small hallway."Bathroom down there," Armando says. "Also the elevator.""I was going to ask about that," Erik says. "I saw it in the ad.""The entrance is out on the patio, all the way down in the corner, away from the street," Armando says. "It's not the most obvious place, but it has to go down to the basement, too, so that's where it had to go." "Basement?" Erik asks."Of the coffee shop," Armando says. "That's where they roast the beans."Erik refrains from asking Armando why he would possibly need to know that information.He investigates the offices again and then peers down the hallway, walking slowly through the whole office, looking for any damages or anything else that he might get charged for later if he doesn't point it out now. Armando follows him at a distance, looking uninterested but not impatient."So," he says, as Erik leans over to inspect the baseboard molding in one corner. "What exactly does an office of mutant support services do?""Anything anyone needs," Erik says, standing up again and turning to look at Armando again. He doesn't have a visible mutation, but it's only about 22% of the mutant population that does. The ad said mutants were welcome and encouraged, and Erik doubts the landlord would hire a mutantphobic super if that's truly the case. "I'll help people navigate the Department of Mutant Services, Department of Youth Services, Department of Children and Families, MassHealth--whatever they need. I'll advocate for them and I'll make sure they know their rights. I'll connect them to pro-mutant aid organizations and classes and job postings, I'll make sure their kids aren't being mistreated in school. If someone gets fired and they think there wasn't just cause, I'll investigate it and make sure they know their rights. That sort of thing."He pauses and adds, haltingly, "I think. I...haven't really started yet."Armando grins. "I think you're gonna fit in here just fine," he says. He rolls his shoulders and suddenly armored plates are rippling across his skin. He rolls them again, and he's back to normal.Erik smiles too. "Is it protective?" he asks."Something like that," Armando says. "I can adapt to anything. Armor when something is attacking me, gills when I'm under water, that sort of thing. I can survive extreme cold and extreme heat and I once went without breathing for almost an hour before my boyfriend freaked out and made me stop. What about you?"The empty room doesn't provide too much to work with, but 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

freeform: 
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
Alternate Universe - Still Have Powers
Alternate Universe - Coffee Shops & Cafés
Mutant Politics
Social Services
Community - Freeform
First Meetings
Canon Disabled Character
Remix

fandom: 
Erik Lehnsherr/Charles Xavier

