Work Text:
"ROGERS!!! Get your ass in here, goddammit!!!""Jesus, Bucky, what the hell?"  Steve comes skidding out of the kitchen, a plastic spatula raised high like a baseball bat (it's the first thing he'd grabbed), on high alert, ready to neutralize the threat, adrenaline pumping, and – "Is that flour in your hair?"Steve's free hand flies to his hairline, and when he pulls his fingers away to examine them, little puffs of white follow in their wake.  "Um, maybe?  Probably."  He takes a breath, lets his gaze skate across the living room.  Nothing looks out of the ordinary.  Sofa, armchair, paintings, TV, stereo, everything's where it should be, no one's lurking in the shadows or crashing through the windows with guns blazing.  Bucky also doesn't look like he's under imminent attack.  He looks whole and healthy, wearing only a pair of black sleep pants, metal arm gleaming in the light of the sun coming through the open curtains, his dark hair a kitten-ish mess sticking up from his head.Definitely not under attack.  In fact, Bucky looks exactly like a man who'd just rolled out of bed a few minutes ago.  Which, to be fair, they both kinda had, so –"What's going on, why are you –?""This is what's going on."  Bucky jabs a finger at the laptop seated on the coffee table in front of him.  The ridiculously large flat-screen TV (a gift from Stark) on the opposite wall is showing the Mets vs. Braves game on mute, and it looks like the Mets are getting their asses handed to them on a silver platter.  But Bucky's not even paying attention to the latest massacre happening in Flushing.  He's too busy glaring at the computer screen like it's a target he's trying to interrogate.  (It's a great glare.)  "It's bullshit.""What's bullshit?"  Curious, Steve steps around the table and then groans when he sees the familiar Wikipedia logo in the top-left corner of the screen.  "I'm killing Sam the next time I see him.""Why, I thought you liked him."  Bucky scrolls down the page, frowns again.  "They'll let anyone post any fucking thing these days, won't they?""Yeah, I think so.  I think that's the entire point of the internet, to be honest."  And while a useful tool, it's definitely one Steve has learned to use with wary caution.  "Do I even want to know what's got your dander up?""Dander?" Bucky quirks an eyebrow.  "Jesus, you really are an old man these days."Steve rolls his eyes.  Like he hadn't caught Bucky using the phrase 'swell gal' to describe Hill the other day.  "Still younger than you, gramps.""Hold on while I fetch my cane so I can beat you with it.""Yeah, yeah, you and what army?""Why would I need one when I still know all your ticklish spots?" Bucky asks, then frowns at the computer again."Well?" Steve prompts, when Bucky doesn't say anything else.  "You gonna tell me what's wrong or what?""Your Wikipedia entry is what's wrong.  And I mean, it's all fucking wrong.  They've got you all wrong."  Bucky spits out the words like it's the filthiest, worst insult he can think of.  Like getting Steve's entry wrong is the most heinous crime known to man.  He says it like a man who's never gotten Steve wrong, not once, in all the years (and centuries) they've known each other.And seeing him, all indignant and ready to do battle on Steve's behalf like he used to back when they'd been kids, Steve feels a wave of relief so profound he almost staggers under the force of it.  Bucky's here.  Sitting on the plush monstrosity people are calling a sofa these days in the living room of the house they'd bought together.  After all they've sacrificed and all they've lost, they've finally been able to take something just for themselves.  And maybe they're not exactly what anyone would call whole and maybe they still both wake up from too many nightmares with the taste of gunpowder and ash on their tongues and the echo of dying screams in their ears, but they still wake up together.They're both alive.  They've made it.It still doesn't seem quite real some days.Then the skin between Bucky's brows wrinkles.  "Seriously, why are you holding that spatula like you're trying out for the Dodgers?  I gotta say, it's a terrible weapon choice.  I'm not even sure I could turn it into something lethal and I once killed a guy with a pepper shaker."There's a certain reckless note of defiance in his voice, one Steve only hears when Bucky brings up his Winter Soldier days.  He still slips in little remarks like this, like he's daring Steve to pass judgment on him for his past.  Like Steve even has a right to do so.  Like Steve's own hands aren't just as stained with the blood of the innocent, like he doesn't have a thousand regrets circling in his head keeping him up at night.Steve lowers the spatula, gives Bucky a speculative look.  Meets Bucky's defiance with his own, because they're in this together, always have been, always will be.  "You'll have to teach me how you did that.  You never know when it'll come in handy in a fight."Bucky shakes his head, b
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Banter
Domestic Bliss
Sassy Bucky Barnes
Sassy Steve Rogers

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

