Work Text:
It all started when Peter made the mistake of scaling the building instead of using the front door like he usually did... Peter climbs in through the back window of the living room and jumps down onto the floor; he looks back through the window to see if anyone saw him. He's in the clear. He breathes a sigh of relief and turns around to see Captain America, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Scarlet Witch, Falcon, and the criminal-recently-turned-good Winter Soldier. They all jump into action. Black Widow jumps up from the couch and makes her way over to him stealthily; while Falcon just charges at him. The wind is knocked out of the spiderling when they go crashing to the floor, and Peter lets out a grunt.  He tousles with the bird-esque superhero and manages to pin him to the floor; while the Scarlet Witch comes up behind him and uses her magic to pin his arms behind his back. Captain America walks over briskly and pulls a Peter into his muscular, unmoving arms. Peter squirms, but ultimately, doesn't want to cause injury to the heroes. Even if the man in question did drop part of an airport on him- but Peter doesn't hurt people unless extremely necessary! "H-hey uhh... could we- maybe, just a suggestion- but could we all just calm down?" Peter asks meekly, still fidgeting in the Captain's hold. He hears a scoff and looks over at the Widow, who has pulled up a wooden dining chair. Hawkeye re-enters the room holding a bundle of rope, and Peter swallows tensely. "So I guess we're taking a rain check on the calming dow- mmph?!" He's interrupted by a piece of fabric being shoved in his mouth as a gag. He huffs indignantly through his nose and squirms as Captain freaking America carries him over to the chair and ties him to it. Peter talks around the gag, but is only able to speak garbled unintelligible words. The team is looking at him as they whisper to each other but due to his enhanced hearing, he can hear everything they're saying. "Who do you think it is? A thief?" Hawkeye asks the others as he glances at Peter in his peripheral vision. Captain America shakes his head. "I don't think so. Stark's security is too tight for a high schooler to get past." He mumbles back. Wow Captain America mumbling, wait until he tells Ned. "How'd he even get in through the window? We're on the forth floor. Does he have like- some sort of climbing gear?" The Scarlet Witch asks, a bit of childish curiosity seeping into her tone. He remembers these guys from their fight, that had been dubbed the "Civil War", about a year and a half ago. Tony only recently got them pardoned, and it's been about a month since they've been allowed out of hiding again. Mr. Stark still doesn't like- or trust- them, but he's allowed them to come back to the Compound on the grounds that they listen to him, and never go above the fifth floor, or into Tony's private lab. And Peter was allowed to roam the Compound freely- except for when the Avengers are here. At those times he must be accompanied by Tony, Happy, or Pepper. No exceptions. But technically it wasn't Peter's fault. He didn't know the Avengers were coming today! He was scheduled to have a relaxing Friday down in the labs with Mr. Stark, and was not told about any Avengers stopping by! He sees a hand click in front of his face and he blinks back into focus, seeing all eyes on him once more, but no one is talking. He looks up and sees the Black Widow glaring down at him. He meets her gaze tentatively and blinks confusedly as she pulls the gag out of his mouth. "Who are you, kid?" She asks, sounding monotone. Peter blinks at her again and keeps his mouth shut as he's brought to this stalemate. Mr. Stark told him to never speak with these Avengers without him present in the conversation. But he fears that if he doesn't, they're gonna beat the crap out of him. "N-nobody really." He answers, looking away as if it'll help his case. He feels her gaze harden and she steps away, her presence being swapped by a largely built superhuman. Peter glances up and confirms his gut feeling. Captain America. "She asked you a question, son." He says matter-of-factly, and Peter feels his jaw clench. "Don't call me son." He mutters, meeting the Captain's steely gaze. The man seems almost taken aback by Peter's words and moves his head back jerkily. "Boy's got some bite," Hawkeye comments, raising his eyebrows mischievously. Peter looks over at him with calculating eyes, trying to figure out their game. Are they trying to scare him into submission? He can handle that. He deals with this every time he goes out at night as Spider-Man. The fact that they were highly wanted international super-criminals totally doesn't change anything. Not at all. "How did you get in through that window?" The Scarlet Witch asks, walking closer, but never in front of the Captain.  Peter again stays silent. No smart quip will save him now, he just has to stall until- The elevator dings and the door open. Mr. Stark walks in, still engrossed
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
not very team cap friendly
Irondad
spiderson
Angry Peter Parker
lil ooc
i love them
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
did this on my iPad
don't hate too harshly
How Do I Tag
I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping
Peter gets tied up and gagged
not bdsm i swear
this is rated teen for language
Protective Peter Parker
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
proud papa Tony

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

