Chapter 1





Chapter Text

  
   
 Part One 
  Bucky spots the blonde about two hours and four drinks into the evening. He’s having fun talking to Trish and her girlfriend, but the minute Bucky sees him, his focus is zeroed in on him.The man is sat at the far end of the bar, by himself, sipping on what looks like a cocktail, listening to the bartender’s ramblings, giving her a smile every now and again. He looks a little out of place. First, no one goes to a gay bar to drink alone - at least no one Bucky’s ever met before. And the guy doesn’t seem like he’s here looking for a pick up. He keeps glancing around him, seemingly people-watching, slowly sipping his drink.What is it about this man that has captured Bucky’s attention, he’s not sure. But he wants to go and talk to him.Bucky mumbles a half-assed ‘be right back’ to his friends, who only half-acknowledge him, and slowly makes his way to the bar. He’s not looking his best - not like he would if he was out looking to meet someone. His hair is a curly mess, no product to keep it in place whatsoever, and he’s dressed in a simple dark grey t-shirt and light wash skinny jeans. But all that doesn’t matter, because he wants to talk to the hot blonde at the bar.“Hey, I’m Bucky,” Bucky tries his best flirty voice. “Can I buy you a drink?”The blonde looks a bit taken aback. “Hi, Bucky,” he says, a slow smile curving his mouth as he extends an arm for a handshake. “I’m Steve.”Yeah, Bucky’s fucked.Between the gorgeous pink lips that are smiling at him, the deep voice saying his name, and the warm hand that slides into his, gripping it firmly… it’s going to take every ounce of self control not to climb this man right here and now.And yes, maybe he’s a little tipsy, and he’s gone for too long without getting any, but Bucky’s entire body suddenly feels awake with want.“So how about that drink?” Steve asks, snapping Bucky out of his thoughts.“Yeah,” Bucky blinks once. “What’re you having?”“Old Fashioned,” Steve lifts his glass and takes a last sip. “Kind of like your name, actually.”“Oh, yeah,” Bucky feels his cheeks heat up. “Family name, sort of. Well, nickname. It kinda stuck.”Steve chuckles. “That happens sometimes. What do you like to drink, then?”Bucky sees the opportunity for what it is. He leans forward a little, licks his lips, and says, “I always enjoy a good Blowjob.”Steve is disappointingly unfazed. Holding Bucky’s gaze, he smirks, and says, “Well, I wouldn’t say no to one of those.”Bucky breaks first, bursting into a fit of giggles, Steve laughing along with him. When they stop, Steve angles his body towards him and asks, “Out of curiousity, has that ever worked?”“Couple times,” Bucky shrugs. “Depends. I just… couldn’t get a read on you.”“You good at reading people?” Steve pulls out the barstool next to him, as an invitation for Bucky to take a seat next to him.Bucky looks at the seat, bites his lip, and then meets Steve’s eyes again. “Come on, I’ll get us a table somewhere better.”Somewhere better means somewhere further from the crowd, in a corner of the bar even darker than most of the venue. Away from sight, Bucky explains. “I like the privacy. Don’t you?”Steve smiles at him, then down at his drink, but he says nothing. “So, you were saying something about reading me?”Bucky scoots a little so he’s closer to Steve. He thinks he’s being subtle about it. He’s not. “You caught my attention, what can I say,”“Is that so,” Steve murmurs, his eyes glued to Bucky’s mouth as he takes a sip from his beer bottle; a deliberate choice of drink, purely for the visual. And it’s working, from what he can tell.Bucky licks his lips. He places a hand across the table, circling it around Steve’s wrist. Now that he’s discarded his brown leather jacket, and is wearing only a light grey t-shirt that’s obviously way too small for him, Bucky is unsubtly admiring Steve’s chest, and shoulders, and arms, and… really his entire physique. Combine that with his square jaw, his bright blue eyes, his pink mouth…Bucky is so fucked.At least, hopefully. Later on.By Steve.He scoots a little closer on the circular booth. “I wasn’t looking to meet anyone,” he says slowly, keeping his voice low. “But… something drew me to you. You look almost...familiar.”Steve looks at him from under his ridiculous lashes. He lifts a hand and touches Bucky’s face, dragging a finger across Bucky’s stubble. Bucky gets goosebumps.“Your pick up lines are ridiculous.”Bucky laughs, startled. It makes Steve grin.“It’s not a pick up line. I’m serious.” Bucky is so close to Steve now, their knees are touching, and under the table, he’s hooked an ankle around Steve’s. It’s taking all of his self-control not to climb onto Steve’s lap right here right now. “I think my friends are probably wondering where I fucked off to.”“You sure they’re not used to you ditching them in search for a quick lay?”“ Steve ,” Bucky slaps him on his bicep, then lets his hand linger there. “Would it kill you to cooperate with me here?”“It mig
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Alternate Universe
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Modern Bucky Barnes
Captain America Steve Rogers
Captain America Steve Rogers/Modern Bucky Barnes
Bisexual Steve Rogers
Gay Bucky Barnes
First Meetings
Secret Identity
Fluff
Fluff and Smut
Domestic
Secret Relationship
Coming Out
Steve Rogers and the 21st Century
Steve Rogers is Not a Virgin
Social Media
News Media
Interviews
Marriage Proposal
Epilogue
Complete

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

