Work Text:

Driving long distances wasn’t really Tony’s thing.


Being a man of ample wealth – not to mention a distinct lack of affinity
    with ‘scenic routes’ comprised entirely of cornfields – made it a pretty
    basic principal: when a private jet is an option, you don’t say no.


That, and the fact that he’s pretty sure he has some nice internalised
    trauma in the back somewhere from his parents dying in a car, or something.
    Shut up. Whatever. Road trips weren’t his thing.


Go figure.


So to say he was surprised to find himself openly offering to cart one
    Peter Parker to California and back? That would be an
    understatement.


45 hours of driving. Both ways. 90 hours.


Oh, what the hell. Was he really that surprised? He loves the kid.


Peter wasn’t going to college for another couple years, but the kid
    could’ve been there a long time ago. It was only natural that he was
    interested in the top universities the country had to offer; Stanford and
    Berkeley being right up there, and easily within his academic sights.


Tony had somehow managed to get May’s pride complex to share a room with
    his desire to sponsor Peter a full ride. She’d heard him out, and the whole
    time he was speaking, he could see the conflict on her face.


She didn’t want charity. Even the implication of it made her squirm.


But she loved Peter, and she wanted him to achieve his full potential.
    Though her and Ben had accepted the fact a long time ago, it was still
    awful that they had to mortgage what felt like everything, from the roof
    over their head to the air in their lungs, to nurture Peter’s gifts.


And here was Tony, offering him everything he deserved and more. It
    wouldn’t make even a dent in Tony’s bank balance, and it was clear he was
    offering out of love and care for her nephew, and nothing else. No ulterior
    motive, no sleazy need to sedate a guilty conscience.


It wasn’t like she hadn’t seen Peter trying to hide the Stanford prospectus
    under his hamper, the Yale webpage that was hastily closed when she walked
    past.


So she said yes.


And Peter was really grateful, and really happy.


They’d been in the lab, working on something or other – web fluid and
    shooters, maybe – and Peter had been talking about California. Stanford,
    specifically. And how May was stressing about booking time off for an open
    day.


“I could take you.”


“Aw, don’t worry about it Mr Stark, it’s cool! She’ll just have to do some
    make-up graveyard shifts, and I was gonna help out by—”


“FRI, compare the open day dates. Am I free?”


“You and Ms Potts are in Stockholm between the 5th July and 17th
    August. The visitor centre isn’t open outside of those dates.”


“So no dice?”


“No dice, Boss.”


Though Peter had politely rejected the idea, Tony could’ve sworn his face
    fell just a little. He cleared his throat and threw a grape into his mouth,
    leaning back in his chair and considering.


After a minute or so of the kid side-eyeing him from his bubbling formula,
    he threw a grape at Peter’s head to get his attention, then stared off into
    space innocently, pretending he hadn’t thrown it.


“They know me at Stanford. I’ve got sway. And Berkeley, I think.”
    He shrugged, pointing at the ceiling. “Hit me with it, FRIDAY.”


“You’ve got honorary alumni status at both, Boss.”


Tony grinned at Peter like all his problems were solved. “Really!     Aces.” 


Peter narrowed his eyes. “Mr Stark, I… you know how thankful I am to you
    for funding me this scholarship, and all, and I am! Really. It’s… it means
    so much to me. And May. But I can’t just ask you to fly me out there on top
    of everything else—”


“Who said anything about flying? Are you putting words in my mouth again,
    Parker?”


“Hey! I’ve never put—”


“Don’t be a pain in the neck! We could make it a fun little road trip -
    take the Audi. I know it’s your favourite. Stop at a hotel, do
    some sightseeing. You’ve never been to San Francisco, you can be a
    disgusting tourist!” Peter crossed his arms and rolled his eyes, not even
    trying to conceal his smile. “C’mon, it’ll be fun! It’d be a week, tops.
    And I can make up for being in Sweden for most of your summer.”


Peter smiled at him softly. “Usually it’s the kid begging the
    adult to let them do something crazy.”


“Hey, whoa there. Foolish, perhaps. Eccentric, possibly. But crazy? You’re
    toeing the line, there, kid.” He stood and moved to Peter’s workstation,
    flopping into his chair and pouting dramatically. “Come oooon. You never do
    anything fun with me.”


Peter laughed. “Mr Stark.”


Tony stuck his bottom lip out further and stirred the web fluid concoction
    sadly. “Never wants to spend time with me.” He muttered. “Always with Ned.
    Never with Mr Stark.” He sighed, slumping his shoulders.


“Alright!” Peter laughed. “Fine! We can go.”


They both knew he’d been in from the second Tony had sugg
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

freeform: 
tetanus
wow i bet that tag isn't used often
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Precious Peter Parker
Hurt Peter Parker
Sick Peter Parker
Hurt/Comfort
Vomiting
Seizures
Whump
Author is not a doctor
and its very very obvious
Author Tries Her Best Despite This

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Peter Parker
May Parker (Spider-Man) & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark

