Chapter 1: stars
    




Chapter Text

 
1. stars
 Peter enters the testing room wearing a black athletic shirt and black sweatpants. It’s a large room, with high, retractable ceilings, a computer control panel in the corner, a glass prison off to the side and a big area they use as a training arena in the center. Peter ignores the three prisoners behind the glass and marches straight to Monroe, giving him a curt nod as his greeting. He looks like the sort of man who would be a villain in the cartoons Peter used to watch with his parents, complete with half-glasses that slid down to the end of his nose and unruly white hair. Almost comical. Almost.
Monroe is far too cruel to elicit laughs from Peter.
“Ahhh, test subject number nine,” he says, glancing down at the clipboard he carries. If he had cared to look Peter in the eyes, he would have noticed the fiery warning hidden behind them.
He has a name and he still remembers it. Every time the scientists call him by his number, as if he is only the sum total of the experiments performed on him, his name flashes to the forefront of his memories.

Peter. Peter. Peter.

“How are you feeling today?” he asks.
“Fine.”
“Just fine?”
Peter nods his head.
“I see,” he says. He writes something down on the clipboard. “Have you said hello to our guests?”
He looks back over to the cage and finds he has the attention of all three prisoners. They don’t look like anything special to Peter. He squints his eyes at them, tilting his head, wondering why Monroe and the others would go through the trouble of locking them up instead of just killing them on the spot. Sure, they look strong, but strong enough to beat him in a fight? Probably not.
“Why don’t you go get a closer look?”
Peter manages to resist the urge to roll his eyes, but he’s never mastered control over his own tongue, or attitude, for that matter. “Do I have to?”
“Yes,” says Monroe. He’s still looking down at the clipboard. “I believe it will be educational.”
He sighs but turns and approaches the glass cage. Peter stops and crosses his arms once he’s close enough to get a good look, staring at them, watching them watching him. The man standing closest to the glass is sporting a black-eye and he shoots Peter with a sharp glare, almost making him want to step away despite the glass that separates them, but he doesn’t. He forces himself to stay, not daring to show any weakness. He knows better. Instead, he lifts his chin, making it clear he can’t be intimidated.
Another man is sitting on the floor, looking up at him, his expression simply soft and sad. Peter can’t be sure if it’s for his own miserable situation, or for Peter’s. He looks familiar, but he can’t place him. The final prisoner is standing in the back of the cage, leaning against the wall with long black hair and not looking anywhere in particular, completely checked-out. Peter finds it doubtful the man even knows anyone is standing outside his prison.
“Do you recognize them?”
“No.” Peter turns, happy for his attention to be needed elsewhere. He doesn’t like having to interact with the prisoners before he’s forced to fight them.
“They’re the Avengers,” Monroe explains.
Peter involuntary looks back at them and draws a breath, unable to control the brief wave of terror that comes over him and flickers across his eyes. He blinks it away fast. His face becomes blank, controlled, smooth - without emotion. He remembers thinking a few times his first year at the facility the Avengers would come and rescue him and the other kids. Peter never thought they would wind up here… like this. Not as someone he’d have to fight.
Monroe seems to miss his slip-up, but it doesn’t go unnoticed by the man with the sharp eyes. His expression softens, and Peter immediately looks away again, shifts his eyes to the concrete floor beneath them before any of them zeros in on a weakness.
Inwardly, he’s cursing at himself. His eyes give him away every time.
“How old are you, kid?” asks the prisoner.
This time Peter does take a few steps back.
“Answer him,” Monroe commands.
“Thirteen,” Peter’s voice wavers a bit as he thinks. “Or fourteen, I think?”
Monroe’s flips a few pieces of paper up and examines it. “Fourteen in two days.”
“Shit."
“Does that bother you, Stark?” asks Monroe, walking across the room to stand next to Peter.
“I just didn’t think you assholes would be stupid enough to do your little experiments on children,” says Stark.
The separation between experiments and kid in Stark’s sentence stands out. Monroe doesn’t make that separation and neither do the doctors or nurses or even the people they hire to serve them their meals and clean the halls. The day Peter’s parents died, he stopped being a kid and became an experiment.
“Why wouldn’t we?” asks Monroe. “Don’t worry. No one misses him. He’s an orphan, just like the rest of them.”
The man sitting against the wall stands to his feet and joins Stark by the glass. With context, Peter does recognize him. Captain America. “When we get
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

freeform: 
Fluff and Angst
Father-Son Relationship
Parent Tony Stark
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Grief/Mourning
Undercover
Recovery
Irondad
spiderson
Human Experimentation

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Pepper Potts/Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Natasha Romanov
Harry Osborn & Peter Parker
Peter Parker & Avengers Team

