Chapter 1: One
    




Chapter Text
 Russian translation available here provided by the amazing Yenshee.  ❤️ 


    Part 1 of Dead Men Walking Peter’s not a very good liar.Even Peter’s best-kept lie—that he is New York City’s friendly, neighborhood Spider-Man—isn’t a kept secret at all. It’s an open secret. Really, not a secret by any definition of the word because more than one person knows his alter ego. It only took eight pitiful months before Peter blew his cover as Spider-Man to Tony Stark, a man who had simply needed three days and one YouTube clip of Peter’s crime-fighting prowess to track Spider-Man down using FRIDAY. And, of course, destined for bad luck, as soon as Mr. Stark discovered his true identity, Ned followed suit like a cosmic joke from the universe.The most important thing to a masked superhero is his identity and Peter nearly shit himself when Mr. Stark and Ned confronted him. Peter can’t lie. He crumbles under that sort of pressure. He gets tongue-tied and babbles and flounders desperately for nonexistent distractions in attempt to uproot the conversation. Peter gets red in the face, sweaty palms, and hot flashes with intensities that could rival a menopausal woman’s. Then he caves and out comes the truth.Peter knows he lacks the finer talent of fibbing. Really, the only reason no one else knows he’s Spider-Man is simple. Since he was so paralyzingly terrified the day his friends nearly died in the Washington Monument thanks to his own stupidity, Peter has been carefully grooming himself in the art of the next best strategy to lying: avoidance.Peter doesn’t have friends anymore. He can’t have friends anymore because he will unknowingly drag them into his superhero life, which is far less fabulous and far more dangerous than it sounds. At fifteen, nearing the end of his freshman year of high school, Peter had realized how utterly imbecilic he had been. Parading around the city flippantly with no protection other than the Baby Monitor Protocol, which he’d promptly had Ned shut down in what was not a singular moment of senselessness. Peter had been careless with himself and thus, careless of those around him. It had ruined him to come so close to losing Ned and the Decathlon team—even Flash, who despite being an asshole, was still a human life. Peter went home from Washington D.C., finished the year, and sat in the living room watching Aunt May bustle around the kitchen for a week with the daunting realization that he could lose her too, just as easily as he almost lost Ned and Liz.So, now Peter has just turned twenty and the only people he talks to are the people he has to for work.Unfortunately for him, at the moment, that includes Mr. Stark, who is holding a manila envelope within a frankly rude proximity of Peter’s face.Peter takes a deep breath and gulps audibly. Staring dumbly at the envelope, he tells Mr. Stark the truth.“I can’t do this.”Mr. Stark looks deeply unimpressed. “I’m not asking, kid. Not really. You’re the only one we have that has a half chance at succeeding with this. The Avengers are too well known. None of us have secret identities anymore, if we did in the first place. For God’s sake, most of us have our faces plastered on T-shirts and mugs. We need this intel and we need it pronto, capisce?”Peter must be looking just about ready to bolt because Mr. Stark suddenly drops the envelope on the coffee table between them and instead, reaches to grab a tablet. One fingerprint scan and a few taps later, a hologram projects itself into the air right in front of Peter’s nose.Mr. Stark, eyes dark and eyebrows rather severe, flicks his hand up to gesture at the photo projected in blue pixels. “Look at it, Peter.”Peter does and immediately wants to vomit. “Oh my God.” It comes out as a whisper, broken and raspy. His stomach churns uncomfortably.“Do you know what this is?” Mr. Stark’s voice is unforgiving.Nose wrinkling, Peter looks away, off to the huge ceiling to floor windows of the penthouse where they are meeting. He’s not sure if Mr. Stark lives here or just conducts business here, but it’s no less luxurious than a spread one might see in Architectural Digest. All modern, sleek lines and pretentious white marble. He supposes Mr. Stark has been camping out here ever since the Avengers moved to the New Avengers Facility in upstate New York.Peter wonders if Mr. Stark ever misses Stark Tower—if he ever walks by it and feels melancholy now that it’s been put through the mill, nearly destroyed, and then purchased by a new buyer. Mr. Stark has talked about it wistfully over the years, mostly when he’s cursing the lack of good research facilities. He talks of the glorious top ten floors which housed his labs when Peter mentions running to the community college to work on his web fluid. He’d even spent an hour ranting about the basement where they’d have to dump Dr. Banner if the Hulk was becoming a wedding crasher during meetings. But he doesn’t ever say he wants to go back.The ci
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

freeform: 
Spideypool - Freeform
Explicit Sexual Content
Strong Language
Dirty Talk
Bad Dirty Talk
Phone Sex
Oral Sex
Age Difference
Older Man/Younger Man
peter is 20
Wade is 37
undercover peter parker
Peter is a spy
petnames
Peter has Freckles
Peter is a mess
Peter is adorable
Sugar Daddy Wade Wilson
Wade Wants to Be Peter's Sugar Daddy
Unvoiced Daddy Kink
Canon Divergence
Peter is poor
Weasel is a bro
OOC
Murder Mystery
Peter is an anxious mess
Deadpool 2 Spoilers
Deadpool 2 credits ignored
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Wade is Sane
No boxes
Peter's POV
Weasel Is Smart AF
Plot
Porn With Plot
Slight humiliation kink
Virgin Peter Parker
Virginity Kink
Wade Wants to Take Care of Peter
Gory Imagery
Canon-Typical Violence
Character Development
Freeform
Peter Parker Character Study
Kinky
Peter is a gay baby
Weasel and Wade are bros
Insecure Wade
Insecure Peter
Slow Burn
Plot Development
Goofy Wade
90s References
2000s References
Deadpool is a Hero
Spider-Man is Learning
Sweet Wade Wilson
Size Difference
Size Kink
Soft Dom Wade
Edging

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Wade Wilson
Spideypool

