Work Text:
                                                                                                                                           If Tony’s being honest being around the guy with Bucky’s face is a little unfair.Even with that messy situation that was 2016's "Civil War", as well as the time, perspective and therapy to reconcile that Bucky murdered his parents but was brainwashed and didn’t choose to commit the act, Tony likes to think that he’s moved on.He’s accounted for the awkwardness that would likely color their first meeting in two years; a tension would make up their acquaintance considering the rest of the Rogues’ return, and Tony reconciled himself to the notion that his relationship with James Buchanan Barnes would be strictly professional save-the-world business, as it should.What he didn’t account for was his long-forgotten crush on the man.It wasn’t his fault; if anything it was Howard’s.While dear old dad was mourning the loss of his greatest creation in Captain America, Tony’s main take away from endless reruns of the war reels his father forced upon him were that he liked boys, thanks to Bucky.Not that he could be blamed.Bucky and his blue eyes could make pudding out of your insides if you looked at him long enough. Not to mention his incredible skill and known mathematical proficiency that required an incredible amount of accuracy, what can Tony say? He’s got a competence kink.That Bucky was quick as a whip, good-humored and so charming that he stood on the same field as prime patriotic beef in the eyes of the Howling Commandos’ adoring fanbase said a lot.Fortunately, though Barnes may have Bucky’s face, Tony knows the difference.Tony’s been through a lot; goes without saying.When you’ve dedicated the better portion of your life atoning for your naivete and negligence, and been betrayed and left for dead as a result. and note: this is the better portion of his life, Tony is the first to admit that this superhero thing hasn’t really been the best hand he’s been dealt – out of all of them.In addition to his designer baggage of daddy issues, alcoholism and non-specific brand of self-preservation – lack thereof – he now has raging PTSD, anxiety enough to make his left arm ache at even the suggestion of his blood pressure going up, and a fucking star embedded into his chest.But, what doesn’t kill you gives you a dark sense of humour, and Tony can personally attest to how hilarious he’s gotten since the kidnapping that kick-started this whole superhero gig. Peter and the rest of the kids think he’s funny and teenagers tend to be unimpressed on principle.The point, however, is this: Tony’s been through a lot.But Barnes has been through a hell of a lot more; purely based on the fact that he’s had seventy-odd years to accumulate the kind of baggage that is both hideously vintage and also covered in blood.Don’t get him wrong. If Tony ever sees his century (which is highly improbable considering the state of his entire life), he doesn’t doubt that he’d be able to ramp up enough trauma to match, but the facts are these: James Buchanan Barnes has gone from unwilling draftee in the forties to a prisoner-of-war turned brainwashed assassin in the year 2018, and that’s a fucking lot.He isn’t convinced, even if Rogers is, that Barnes is exactly who he was before the fall, before his first experimentation with Hydra, hell, before his first step onto the battlefield after his enlistment.Sure, Barnes has the same swagger as Bucky; the same devilish twinkle in his blue eyes and the same plush lips. Barnes can shave and cut his hair and look almost like the Bucky in the war reels, but that doesn’t make him Bucky.“I hear I have you to thank for getting me back here.”Okay. So.He’d forgotten about the Brooklyn accent. That’s. That’s something.Tony cleared his throat. “I did blow your arm off.”He doesn’t know why it’s a thing. Rogers has a Brooklyn thing. But Rogers’ Brooklyn thing isn’t the same as Bucky’s Brooklyn thing because –Barnes exhaled, a smile breaking free, and – wow, okay – that’s… “Wasn’t mine; actually, I’m glad you got rid of it for me.”Tony shrugged, going for nonchalant. “Don’t, it gives me an excuse to fit you with another.”Suddenly shy (god, had Bucky ever been shy in the reels? Holy shit, they missed out), Barnes rubbed the back of his neck, head tilted down so his eyes looked a little greyer. “That would be great, but uhm…you really don’t have to considering…you know…everything. I mean, Fury offered to find someone who would –”As if. Tony scoffed. “Please, like I’d let anyone else get their hands on you.”The shyness evaporates as Bucky’s lips quirk in a sexuality-defying smirk. Live, in color, and in HD. “Plannin’ to keep me all to yourself, doll?”Oh, god.Rogers looks fondly exasperated, and Tony almost regrets having to eat his words. Almost.Then the other shoe drops.Like Tony suspected, Barnes isn’t all there.The man’s been tortured and imprisoned for seventy-odd years, he’s 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
The Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Three's A Crowd - Freeform
But seriously I'm doing this
Don't ask how or why
Just Roll With It
Tony unintentionally discovers some kinks
The Winter Soldier is murderously attractive
James is a nervous wreck
Somehow they all manage just fine
identity crisis
though not really
They're all pretty chill about it
It's everyone else with a problem
Still not team cap friendly
though in this one Steve is marginally alright
i still hate wanda though
none of you can make me like her
and I'm mean to barton
because MCU barton makes me angry

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Tony Stark
The Winter Soldier/Tony Stark

