Work Text:
0.The first time Tony saw Peter sleepwalk, he had no idea what it was.Which, by the way, was because the kid’s nocturnal habits were a detail he had neglected to tell Tony until after the man had to figure it out for himself.He was working in the lab late one night, hours after Peter had gone to bed, when the door slid open and the teenager wandered in, bumping his shoulder against the doorway as he went.Tony chuckled fondly at his clumsiness. Even with enhanced senses, Peter was always tripping over his own feet. “Hey, kid. It’s past your bedtime, y’know.” When he got no response, he sighed tiredly and set down his work, spinning his stool so he was facing the teenager. “Can’t sleep?”Nothing. Not even a twitch in his direction. Peter just shuffled along, head tilted slightly downward and hands hanging loosely at his sides.“Peter?” The teenager stopped in front of his workbench, picked up his webshooter in strangely lethargic hands, and stared at it. “You alright?”He swayed a little, and Tony rushed to his side, hands braced out to catch him if he took a sudden nosedive. As soon as he was relatively sure that the kid was going to stay upright, he cupped his chin and tilted his face up. Peter’s eyes were half-lidded, and he looked right past Tony’s shoulder at the far wall without actually seeing anything.“Buddy?” He waved a hand in front of the kid’s face. It wasn’t like he really expected a reaction at this point, but it was still unnerving when it didn’t come. “F.R.I.D.A.Y.? What the hell is wrong with him?”“Mister Parker appears to be sleepwalking.”He let out a breath, feeling a little giddy with relief. “Just sleepwalking? Thank god. Sleepwalking I can deal with. I thought he’d been possessed or something.” He tucked a loose strand of hair behind the kid’s ear and tried not to be alarmed by how motherly the action was. “Do I wake him up?”“It is inadvisable. Most sources suggest leading him back to bed, if possible. From there, he should resume regular sleep on his own.”“To bed it is, then.” He slipped the webshooter out of the kid’s hands and slid an arm around his waist, gently tugging him towards the door. “C’mon, bud. It’s nighty-night time for Spider-babies.”He came easily, dazedly shuffling beside his mentor as the man brought him all the way back to his bedroom.Tony pushed the door open as subtly as he could. Even though he knew that it was notoriously difficult to wake a sleepwalker, he still felt strangely concerned with disturbing the teenager. Everything about the situation triggered some deep, visceral protective instinct in his gut.He had to look after the kid. It wasn’t a choice, it was a fact. Something as undeniable and inescapable as the need to breathe or the rise of the sun.And the first step of looking after the kid was getting him back into bed. He shot a quick glance over his shoulder, surprised by the distance and complex turns that stood between Peter’s bedroom and the lab. “Did he do that whole walk on his own?”“It appears so.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. paused, and Tony imagined that she was whirring through mass amount of data about sleepwalking. “It is a route that Mister Parker takes on a regular basis. Sleepwalkers are known to stick to activities and routines that are second nature to them.”“Huh.”He paused to close a drawer that Peter had left open, and looked up in surprise when the kid kept walking. He shuffled to the bed and flopped onto his mattress as if he’d never gotten up in the first place.“Is he, uh,” Tony stared for a second, torn between concern and amusement, “is he okay?”“Yes, Boss. He appears to be exhibiting perfectly normal behavior.”“Well,” he turned off the lights and headed back towards the lab, shaking his head fondly, “Something tells me that normal is gonna be pretty relative with this kid, FRI.”--1.After Titan, Peter’s sleepwalking went from a once-in-a-while type of thing to an almost-every-night type of thing.F.R.I.D.A.Y. hypothesized that it was the stress. Apparently, trauma and PTSD could trigger sleepwalking, especially in people who were already prone to it.And, since Peter was spending more and more time at the Compound since everything with Thanos went down, Tony developed a system to handle it.It was a pretty simple system. F.R.I.D.A.Y. would alert him if the kid was up for longer than ten minutes, or if he was getting into anything dangerous, but the former rarely happened and the latter, never. The kid would just get up, wander around, then crawl back into bed and be out like a light.Peter always stressed about it being a problem, but Tony honestly thought it was pretty cute.He was about to go to bed himself when F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s voice interrupted him.“Boss,” if he didn’t know any better, Tony would say that the AI almost sounded amused, “Mister Parker appears to be exhibiting some interesting behavior.”He snorted. “He’s sleepwalking, isn’t he?”“Indeed.”“Is he in his room?”“Yes.”He stood up and headed that way. “I’ll go put him to bed. I’m not 
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Sleepwalking
Sleepiness
So Much Sleepiness
Sleepy Peter Parker
Broken Bones
Appendicitis
Drugged Peter
god he's so precious
Tony Stark is Good With Kids
Tony Stark is a mother hen
Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie) Spoilers
Nightmares
Explicit Language
listen Tony Stark curses
nobody can convince me otherwise

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

