Work Text:


ii.

Peter doesn’t sense it before it happens; he’s on edge, a nervous jittery buzzing beneath his thin skin, the purple splotches of last night are fading, receding but there’s an ache lingering in his bones, embedded and deep rooted that he can’t help but wince when he moves his shoulder a wrong way, when Ned slaps his back to give Peter a start as a greeting in the morning, heart leaping from his chest to the back of his throat. His bag is heavy with books and copies and his suit, a constant amongst his things that’s buried in one of the front pockets securely so no one could ever find it because there’s fear always at the back of his mind, fear of something, anything, and he needs to be Spider-Man to be strong.But he’s feeling light for once, feeling able to breathe and to be able to laugh without hating the sound or wishing he hadn’t been so loud.It’s easier to think through the tangles in his mind, to make sense of what’s his own thoughts and what’s not; it’s hard, but Peter's learning and sometimes he can fall asleep without the help of the prescribed pills lying in the orange bottle on his bedside table. He tries to focus on the good days, the days where he’s not drowning beneath the weight of all he feels, dragging him beneath the surface of the sea of static that he thought he was going to die in. And he talks.Before, his tongue would never waggle and shake free the words he wanted to say, wanted to cry and he would feel them pile up at the back of his throat, a lump making it hard to breathe through whenever he became too bogged down, too overcast with grey clouds and dark skies of thoughts and tears. He’s trying, trying so very hard even though sometimes he wishes he could go back to those times where no one knew anything and no one ever thought to ask him if he was alright on the inside, too.Mr. Stark listens when Peter talks. If Mr. Stark was a sensible adult, he would ring Aunt May and unbox all of Peter’s inside stuff to her but Peter begged, cried and pleaded to not tell Aunt May because Aunt May had too much on her plate and she would send him to therapy and therapy cost so much and he didn’t want to talk to a stranger, please Mr. Stark, she can’t know, I can’t let her know, please don’t tell her. And Mr. Stark didn’t. The only condition was that Peter talk to him if he didn’t want talk to Aunt May because Tony loved and cared for Peter and he didn’t want him suffering in silence alone. Peter doesn’t mind talking to Mr. Stark, doesn’t mind telling him the things he’s scared to acknowledge because Mr. Stark understands and doesn’t just pretend to understand like a therapist would. Mr. Stark knows, knows what Peter talks about and it makes Peter so, so, so relieved because it makes what he feels real, that it isn’t in his head and that he isn’t being strangled by his thoughts over nothing.But Peter doesn’t want to burden Mr. Stark, doesn’t want to unbox all the inside stuff weighing him down until he can’t take it anymore and sends Peter away from his company forever. So, Peter only talks when Mr. Stark asks, when he stares at Peter with knotted eyebrows and unconcealed concern hanging on his face, carved and moulded into his features as if it were always there. Peter stumbles, he fumbles, but he talks anyway, silently and rushed but Mr. Stark doesn’t push, doesn’t care that Peter can’t put his feelings and thoughts into coherent sentences, like when a child would babble nonsense that only its parent could understand while all others remained in the dark.And Peter feels guilty about not talking about it with Aunt May, knew it would hurt her feelings that he never talked about it with her first because she was the one who raised him, loved him and cared for him and shouldn’t he have the decency to be honest? But Peter can’t, he can’t get the words out, staring at his takeaway food and thinking how easy it would be to just tell Aunt May, to tell her about his tangled thoughts and the knot in his chest and how he cried himself to sleep beneath the glowing stars that burst from his nightlight. She would cry, she would be upset, she would hold him so tightly that Peter would feel as if all the cracks in his body were glued back together but everything would change. No more Spider-Man. No more time at the Compound. Aunt May was already working enough, already doing enough for him and he wanted her to be able to sleep at night without wondering if Peter was falling apart in the room next to him.And, in the end, he couldn’t. He couldn’t find it in him to say the words to her and he swallowed them with the day old take-out food bitterly, trying not to throw it all back up onto the table from how his stomach was trying itself into knots because Aunt May deserves a happy Peter, a healthy Peter.So now, Saturday is a different time; Mr. Stark realises Peter won’t talk unless asked, as if he knows Peter’s hesitance in talking about the silence in his head that’s far too loud and far too crowde
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Post-Spider-Man: Homecoming
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
References to Depression
Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
Heavy Angst
Fluff and Angst
Emotional Hurt/Comfort
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Tony Stark Acting as Peter Parker's Parental Figure
Peter Parker Whump
Father-Son Relationship
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Parent Tony Stark
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
once more peter cries like a lot
there's so much crying and i love it
previously uploaded as a chapter to the first part this is now being turned into a series
you dont need to read the first part to understand but it helps a lot to understand the references

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

