Chapter 1: Worth The Wait
    


Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text
Many heard on that fateful night in Godric’s Hollow, of poor James and Lily both losing their lives to protect young Harry.But in fact that was a story, fabricated by those closest to the Potters in order to protect them. While Lily did perish at the hands of Lord Voldemort, James wasn’t home that night, when he came to kill Harry Potter.James whisked Harry away, out in the middle of nowhere. Surrounding them in protective charms and muggle repelling spells. Living in isolation, away from muggle and wizard folk alike. To protect his son.After the many years that passed, and having been in hiding for so long. James couldn’t help but find comfort in his son over the years.Their first few times together, James wasn’t even sure if Harry had woken up or not. But he’d certainly enjoyed himself. The first time was a warm sunny afternoon, Harry had worn himself out to the point of exhaustion, and fallen asleep buck naked in their bed.James had never been attracted to adult men, but boys were a different story, and he found himself more and more attracted to his young Harry every day that passed. And finally one day, he gave in to his lust.James stripped off from the waist down. Not bothered in the slightest if Harry suddenly woke up. He’d been thinking of worst case scenarios if he finally did something with Harry and it all went wrong. He was well practiced in memory charms, and could wave away any particularly bad memories he caused.James’ erection flopped out of his underpants, as they fell to the floor. Hard, but still soft enough to wave around playfully as he stared at Harry’s naked bum.James set his wand on the bedside table, close to hand should he need it suddenly, and gently climbed on the bed beside his slumbering little boy. As he fell onto his side behind Harry, his erection perfectly rose between his closed little legs.His tip caressed Harry’s incredibly soft skin, he had to fight back his inner desires and lack of sex for the last five years, not to roll Harry onto his tummy and pound his virgin hole.But this time, Harry barely stirred. James masturbated, occasionally rubbing his wet tip between the warm crease of Harry’s cheeks, until he finally came. It didn’t take long before James started painting his cheeks with warm cum. Squirting it between them, dying to push his length inside him. But his horny desires subsided, as he wiped the last of his cum straight onto his bare little cheek.James laid there for several minutes, with Harry’s butt covered in cum. Before finally he reached for his wand and cast a simple cleaning charm, hoping to remove his cum without waking him.James did this occasionally, when it built up inside too much. He’d pull back the covers at night when Harry had fallen asleep. Or after a similarly tiring day, and repeat his actions of their first sleepy time together. But eventually James wanted more. He wanted someone to share his  love with, rather than just cumming on his sleeping body.So one night, James finally decided he was going to make a move on Harry. Only this time, while he was awake.Harry and James were in bed together after a bath, sharing the one fairly large bed that they had since he outgrew his cot. James had slipped his own pyjama bottoms off without Harry noticing, and not unlike some nights, James wrapped an arm around Harry and spooned him from behind. James already had a raging hard on, which he made no attempt to hide as it brushed against Harry’s bum.“What’s that daddy?”, Harry asked, feeling what felt like a huge finger between his legs.“It’s daddy’s willy, it’s nothing to be afraid of”, James whispered sweetly into Harry’s ear, as he started searching for the hem of Harry’s pyjama bottoms.James finally found it, pulling the front of them open, for the first time with a sexual intent. James grasped Harry’s little package in his hand. Feeling his little willy between two fingers as he slowly pumped his little sausage.“What are you doing, daddy?”, Harry asked, giggling as he enjoyed his daddy’s touch.“You’re turning into a big boy now, and big boys have sex”, said James, leaving out the bit about incest and how they shouldn’t be having sex, especially the part about how five year olds shouldn’t have sex.“What’s sex?”, Harry asked bluntly.“Well, when two people love each other very much, they often show that love by being intimate with each other. Playing with each other’s willys and kissing”, explained James rather simply.“I love you very much daddy, does that mean we should have sex?”, asked Harry so innocently.“It does! Sex is so much fun, and it’ll bring us even closer together. Would you like to have sex with daddy?”, James asked, hopeful he would say yes, feeling he would still continue, even if he said no.Harry rolled over to face his daddy, the moonlight showing up the beaming smile on his face as he nodded excitedly at James. Jame
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Harry Potter/James Potter

freeform: 
Father/Son Incest
Incest
Parent/Child Incest
Blow Jobs
Anal
Forbidden Love
Foot Fetish
Foot Jobs
First Time
Young Love
Teasing
Underage Sex
Consensual Underage Sex
Small Penis
Gay Sex
Extremely Underage
Pedophilia
Pee
Watersports
Stranger Sex
Sex Shop
Oral Sex
Porn Magazines
Photo Shoots
Fluffy Animals
Sex Toys
Stuffed Toys
Exhibitionism
toes
Dildos
Ass to Mouth
Lube
Flavored Lube
Anal Sex
Anal Fingering
Anal Beads
Mother/Son Incest
Mother/daughter incest
Father/Daughter Incest
Sexual Roleplay
Roleplay
Dogs
Felching
Pregnancy
Preteen Pregnancy
Pregnancy Kink
Spit Kink
Prostate Milking
breast milk
Nursing
toe fucking
Sibling Incest
Biting
BDSM
Forced
Crying
Sleep Sex
Deep throat
True Love
Soulmates
Original Character(s)
Slash
Toddlers
Dead Dove: Do Not Eat
Punching
Face Punching

fandom: 
Harry Potter/James Potter

