Chapter 1: Mall Adventures
    




Chapter Text

Peter sat in his last class of the day, anxious to leave and get on with the weekend. It was Friday and he couldn’t wait to go out as Spiderman, the feeling of swinging through the city is something that never go old. He was also excited for Saturday since he, Ned and Michelle were going out to the movies. 
 
His phone buzzed with a text and he carefully pulled out his phone to see who it was. 
 
Hey honey, I’m just texting to let you know that I’m going to be working another late night. Don’t wait up. Love you
. 
 
Peter sighed, he tried not to let disappointment ruin his mood. He knew his aunt worked so hard for both of them. However, there had been more and more late nights recently. 
 
Peter sent a reply back saying: 
No worries Aunt May! I’ll just stay home and watch a movie or something :) 
 
Peter set his phone back down when he heard his teacher call out on someone. He sighed and placed his chin in his hand. He checked the clock, only 25 more minutes before school was over. 
 
His teacher was in the middle of a very boring history lesson when he heard his phone buzz again. He frowned, confused, who else would be texting him right now?
 
Thinking it was Aunt May again he pulled his phone out, only to be surprised when it wasn’t. 
 
It was a text from Tony Stark. 
 
Hey Kid. You’re coming with me after school. Me and Happy will be here to pick you up. 
 
Okay Mr. Stark. Is there a mission?? 
 
Nope. 
 
Peter was about to reply when he looked up and saw his teacher begin to walk around. He couldn’t risk it, he had to put his phone away. 
 
He wondered why Mr. Stark was texting him. Peter had just come over to the compound that past Monday when he had his day off from school and May had to work late. They had upgraded Peter suit and web shooters. So if it wasn’t the suit or a mission he wondered what it was about. 
 
“Hey man are you okay?” Ned asked from his desk next to him. 
 
“Yeah I’m fine why?”  
 
“You seem a little off.” 
 
“No I’m fine. I’m actually excited for tomorrow.” 
 
“Oh yes me too! I’m so excited to see the Nun.” 
 
“Same, And no hiding behind your popcorn this time!” Peter whisper-yelled. 
 
“That was one time!” 
 
“Mr. Parker and Mr. Leeds, please get back to your work.” 
 
“Sorry, Mr. Smith.” They both said at the same time. 
 
—- 
 
After class finally ended Peter practically ran out of the schools doors. 
 
He spotted the signature black car and quickly pulled open the door. 
 
“Hey Happy so do you know why Mr. Stark wants to see me? Because he just upgraded my suit and he said there wasn’t a mission so I wanted to know why he needed me—” 
 
“Hey kid.” Tony said with a smirk. 
 
“Mr. Stark?” Peter screeched. He was so distracted he didn’t even know Tony was sitting there in the back with him. 
 
“Yes kid, in the flesh.” 
 
“See what I have to deal with everyday boss?” Happy asked, annoyed. Then he pulled out of the school's parking lot. 
 
“Mr. Stark….what’s happening?” Peter asked unsure. 
 
“Does something have to be happening kid?” Tony asked, “Can’t I just want to spend time with my favorite intern/superhero.” 
 
“I’m your favorite superhero?” Peter asked, perking up. 
 
“Oh god kid, forget I said that.” 
 
“Nope I’m never forgetting, I will hold you to that forever.” Peter said smiling. “So where are we going anyways?” 
 
“I’m taking you to the mall.” 
 
“What why?” 
 
“To shop, duh.” Tony said, rolling his eyes. Then he pulled out his phone. 
 
“Whatever you say Mr. Stark.” Peter joked, then he sneakily tried to pull out his phone. He had been wanting to take a picture-a selfie-with him and Mr. Stark. He had plenty that he managed to convince Friday to give him. He wanted to put together a scrapbook of him and Mr. Stark together. But he wanted a selfie of him and Tony together, even if the other man wasn’t looking. 
 
He took his phone and was about to take the picture when Happy accidentally drove over a pothole, and as a result Peter’s phone went flying on the ground. 
 
“Shit!” Happy cursed.
 
“Language.” Tony chastised then bent down to pick up Peter’s phone, “Here ya go kid.” But frowned when he saw the camera app was open. “Where you taking pictures kid?” 
 
“Um… yeah it’s kinda a weird hobby of mine.” Peter looked away embarrassed. 
 
“Well who would’ve thought that my little nerd intern was actually a photographer?” He smirked, “Can I see more pictures?”
 
“No!” 
 
“Okay…” Tony said, handing Peter his phone back. 
 
The rest of the ride was spent in silence. 
 
—- 
 
Once they arrived Tony led Peter inside to the food court, he knew that the kid would be hungry. They both sat down and ordered Panda Express. Peter ordered a huge meal and for some reason Tony decided he would order the same. 
 
“Are you sure you can eat that much Mr. Stark?” Peter asked hesitantly. 
 
“Of course.” Tony scoffed, “I’m not about to be one upped by some kid.” 
 
“Okay, Mr. Stark.” Peter smirked. He knew that Tony was aware of his enhanced me
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Precious Peter Parker
Tony Stark Has A Heart
Father-Son Relationship
Iron Dad
spider son
Father Figures
Protective Tony Stark
Tony Stark Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Needs a Hug
Peter Parker Feels
Tony Feels
tony is such a dad
Fluff and Angst
Eventual Team as a Family
But Tony and Peter are a family first
Parent Tony Stark
Mostly Fluff
Domestic Fluff
Team Cap friendly
Adoption

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

