Work Text:
After staring at the kid for a good long while, Bucky drags his hand through his hair (his good hand, his only hand, jesus) and reconsiders his plans for life after the army. To be quite honest, he didn’t have much of a plan in the first place but whatever vague and uncertain ideas he had had about his future sure as hell didn’t include a kid, especially not this kid, sat happily grabbing at his toes in front of him. A little boy named Peter with wild brown hair and soft brown eyes, sat on his kitchen counter in a Spiderman onesie, kicking his feet and smacking his gummy lips together.He can’t be more than nine months old: can’t be because the last time Bucky got some was before his deployment and that was eighteen months ago, which automatically cuts out nine months for pregnancy, and he’s only been home a whopping two days before the kid got presented to him by his confused but kind-eyed upstairs neighbor Dr. Banner who told him he was just sat on the doorstep. And now he’s sat on his kitchen counter. Shit, he should take the kid off the damn counter, kids shouldn’t sit on counters, should they?How the fuck does he even move him when he’s only got one arm?He steps forward and scoops Peter up with a hand under his bum and adjusts him so he’s sitting a little more securely than just dangling awkwardly across Bucky’s chest. Paying only a small amount of attention to the babbling murmuring noises Peter’s making insistently in his ear, he tries to decide where it’s safe in his apartment to put him.His apartment is small, but comfortable, with the living room and kitchen all in one large open space, a bedroom with an adjoining bathroom, and a small office tucked away just behind where the tv sits. Really, the only reason it’s clean is because Dr. Banner has been kind enough to look after the place while he’s been gone. He decides the sofa is probably the safest place for a small child, so he plops Peter down in the centre of the cushions and watches him squirm happily for a few moments before turning to pick up his phone. Natasha is probably the only person in the world who can help him with this..Nat shows up twenty minutes later, after he blurts “so I have a kid,” pathetically over the phone and she hangs up on him straight away, so he’s been alternately pacing and staring at the little boy sat on his sofa. He’s small and pudgy, with little fingers and little toes, and when Bucky held him he was warm and smelled like that clean baby smell he remembers from when some of his friends from his troop had kids and for whatever reason shoved them in Bucky’s arms. Admittedly it was much easier to hold a child with two arms than one but that didn’t make it any less goddamn overwhelming. This child had settled into his body easily, like he was already comfortable and happy. Bucky’s not exactly known for making people feel comfortable and happy.Maybe he should get this kid’s head checked out, just in case.Letting Nat into his apartment really only ends up with the two of them staring at Peter together, Bucky with his good arm wrapped around his waist and Nat with her hands on her hips. She hasn’t said anything to him despite not seeing him since he spent his two weeks leave practically comatose on her and Clint’s sofa. He had crashed so hard he hardly even left the apartment, the relief of not having his fingers curled around a trigger so freeing he almost felt bereft of it. Now he’s got no arm to properly hold a gun, his weapon somehow replaced with a little boy. A life in his hands rather than a killing machine. Jesus H Christ.“So where’s this super special Stark-designed bionic arm they gifted you with?” she asks, already heading to the bedroom where she knows he’s dumped it. He rolls his eyes and follows her, glancing back at Peter to check he’s okay. He’s happily chewing on his fists, gurgling around his stubby fingers, and Bucky blinks at him a bit before following Nat into his bedroom. She’s poking at his arm, deliberately not saying anything until Bucky huffs and snatches the arm out of her hands, fitting it into place at his empty shoulder and rotating it quickly. It settles and clicks, makes a few whirring noises he’s pretty sure Stark put in for effect rather than use, then he lifts the hand and waggles the fingers at Nat.It was pretty much the dumbest thing he’d ever heard when they told him they were getting Stark Industries to manufacture prosthetic specifically for him, but he’s gotta admit: it’s pretty cool. It responds to his every whim and if he didn’t hate the fact that he needs it in the first place he’d probably wear it all the time. It’s at least going to be useful in the future now he has a kid and all, he thinks absently, flexing the fingers.His knees buckle a little at that stray thought. He has a kid now, someone he’s got to feed and bathe and entertain, someone he has to look after 24/7. There’s no time for the weeks of wallowing in his own misery he had planned, he’s gotta get his s
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

freeform: 
Slow Build
Kid Fic
Alternate Universe - Modern Setting
abuse of commas
Really long sentences
Podfic Available

fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Steve Rogers

