Chapter 1: Steve Rogers Is Confused
    




Chapter Text
Steve almost thinks it might be worth it.The last month, that is. Coming out of hiding. Being tossed around from prison to prison whilst the government tried to decide what to do with them. Being treated like criminals, like less than the scum of the earth by various lawyers and agents from various different countries, depending on which foreign country’s soil they were locked up on. Everywhere, from Wakanda to Russia to Germany, they are considered terrorists. At least until the pardons come in.They come with catches, as Steve has learnt to expect from the government. Ten months of community service (to compensate for the ten months they spent in hiding), and they will have to pay damage control for the airport in Germany. They are also officially suspended by the Avengers until the revised Accords come to fruition. Steve, Clint and Wanda are all outraged, but the others seem to tale this news in stride. Scott in particular looked happy just to not be sitting in a jail cell. And two days ago, they came home.The Compound looks different - more communal, is the word Steve would use. There are certainly more people bustling around now, and it’s difficult to tell which ones are part of the so-called ‘New Avengers’ and which aren’t; Steve supposes Tony is just handing out Avengers memberships like coupons now. What happened to earning your way onto the team? Was Tony doing it just to spite them - or, more specifically, him? He’d ask him, only the brunet seems to be going out of his way to avoid talking to him, ad Steve can’t help but feel irritated. He knows he’d undoubtedly made a mistake by not telling Tony about his parents, but he’d had almost a year to let it stew. Surely, surely he couldn’t still blame Bucky, couldn’t still be angry at Steve for protecting his friend?Anyway. If he’d thought maybe he and Tony could hash things out - put the past in the past, as it were - the last months of being treated like animals and juggled between foreign prisons like they were rather expensive cargo - were worth it.When Steve finally does see Tony, it’s on his fourth day back in the Compound. He hears the murmur of a voice in the next corridor over and goes to investigate, hovering at the doorway when he sees it’s Tony. As he watches the scene unfold, he’s not entirely sure how to feel, for three distinct reasons:          1) Tony looks dreadful. There’s no nice way to put it - the dark circles under his eyes look like actual bruises, his expensive suit is practically hanging off him, his generally well-groomed nails are bitten right down to the quick, surrounded by ugly, jagged skin where he’d apparently run out of nail to gnaw on. The man looks so exhausted it’s a wonder he doesn’t keel over.         2) Tony is not alone. Standing with him, just close enough that Steve narrows his eyes a little, is a man with similar facial hair and some of the most bizarre attire Steve has ever seen. Over his suit, so deep a blue it would appear black in lesser light, is a cloak that sweeps his ankles, the deep red of wine that would stain a linen tablecloth. He is murmuring something, but is face looks carefully expressionless.          3) Tony has his head tipped forward on the man’s shoulder in a gesture that looks worryingly familiar. His eyes are closed and he appears to be taking deep breaths, like he’s drawing comfort from the crook of this man’s neck, and the man, in turn, has one of his hands on Tony’s arm as if to steady him. The whole embrace appears so strangely intimate that Steve blushes like he’s walked in on two people in a passionate embrace. The stranger’s mouth is still moving, and Steve watches as Tony appears to swallow, nod and straighten himself up. The hand doesn’t leave him arm, however, and Steve stares at it like he can’t quite work out what it is. Who on earth is this strange man? Steve glances at that red cloak again and suddenly, jarringly remembers the villain from Thundercats, of all things (it was on his list of things to catch up on. He thinks Sam suggested it). All at once, he feels a rush of dislike for this man, a gut feeling that says he is trouble. It is that, and absolutely nothing else, thank you very much, that makes Steve clear is throat and make his presence known. The way Tony flinches, you’d think he’d fired a gun. His whole body appears to briefly spasm, and he stares at Steve like he can’t quite work out if he’s really there. The irritation Steve priorly felt towards the man has caved in the presence of pity and concern. What could have happened to make Tony Stark - genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist, vibrant and full of life - this... shell? Steve shivers; for a moment, it is as though he can see right through the brunet. Like he’s a ghost.The taller man in the cloak is staring at him. Is face is rather neutral, but something about him seems to ooze dislike. He takes an almost imperceptibly small step forward, just enou
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers
Tony Stark & The Defenders
one sided Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Jessica Jones/Luke Cage
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan

freeform: 
not team Cap friendly
pro Accords
Natasha Romanoff is a Good Bro
Tony Stark Has A Heart
IronStrange
The Cloak of Levitation ships it
Tony and Jessica talk about mind control
Jessica hates Wanda
you can’t change my mind
Civil War Team Iron Man
Nebula is a guardian

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Tony Stark & Avengers
Tony Stark & The Defenders
one sided Tony Stark/Steve Rogers
Jessica Jones/Luke Cage
Pepper Potts/Happy Hogan

