Chapter 1: An unexpected meeting
    




Chapter Text

“Tea?” Wong asked calmly from where he stood by the entrance to the library. 


Stephen’s head snapped up at that, the book he was tightly holding in his hands closing with a snap. “I am more of a coffee person myself,” he quipped as he forced his shoulders to relax from their tense position. 


When he was younger, he would get so caught up in books that he would jump out of his skin every time someone tried to disengage him from his reading. He had mostly let go of that tendency once he had become a doctor, as loud noises had become a given while he had to concentrate on operating and saving lives, particularly during his time as a resident in the ER. But, after so many months of quiet training in Kamar Taj, sudden noises when his mind was elsewhere once again were starting to bother him. 


It was most annoying, not that he could tell Wong that. The man would most likely play beyonce for a month straight at full blast just to condition Stephen to noise again. 


“You can have coffee then. You and I need to talk,” Wong said tersely, not waiting for Stephen to ask any questions before leaving the room. He walked away with ease, moving through the sanctum so quietly Stephen had to admit he silently envied that. 


“What did you wish for us to discuss?” Stephen asked as they reached the kitchen area they seemed to find themselves in more often than not. 


“The Sanctums are in danger, Stephen,” Wong said, looking at him as if he was an idiot and this conversation had been a long time coming. “You might have dealt with Dormammu, but Kaecilius did manage to kill the Masters of the London sanctum and heavily damage it. Without Mordo… we have lost far too many masters in a short period of time. The master in the Hong Kong Sanctum is sending one of her own to London for the time being, but we will need to establish a full fledge master there soon. We will need to send sorcerers there too, to serve under one master, if we are to see the Sanctums strong again.” 


Stephen tilted his head. “Why are you telling 

me

 this? Isn’t this something you should be discussing with Master Minoru and Master Hamir? I mean they are the ones currently in charge of Hong Kong and Kamar Taj." 


Wong looked entirely unimpressed. “Stephen, the ancient one made you the master of the New York Sanctum. You are now equal in ranking to Master Minoru. This problem in the London Sanctum? It falls on your shoulders to solve it too.” 


Stephen gaped at him. “But that’s preposterous. You all have been masters for much longer than I have and-”


“Yes and that is why I am the master of our libraries - of our 

knowledge

,” Wong cut him off expertly. “It involves me just as much as it involves you,” he assured Stephen. “But the point remains, we must find a solution.” 


Stephen spluttered for a few more moments, which gave Wong enough time to put boiling hot water on two cups, one which he passed on to Stephen for his coffee. 


The man picked it up numbly, churning the issue in his head. “How many of our students in Kamar Taj are ready to officially become sorcerers?” 


“Not enough,” Wong said with a sigh. “Each Sanctum is meant to have a Master and a second, in case something happens. We also have at least two or three sorcerers in each Sanctum to protect it at any time of day. Hong Kong lost two of its sorcerers in the fight against dormammu. Master Minoru has agreed to send her second to London, but that leaves only her and a young apprentice in Hong Kong. We are sending two young sorcerers - who graduated just recently - to London to help Master Minoru’s second.” 


“Can Master Minoru’s second stay permanently in London?” Stephen asked curiously, completely forgetting about making his coffee. 


Wong looked grim. “That will most likely be the case if we can’t find an optimal replacement, though it would be most unfortunate as he has trained for almost a decade to lead the Sanctum in Hong Kong. Each Sanctum has a different type of magical signature and energy. Masters acquaint themselves with their own sanctums and some synchronise their energy to the point that they can draw mana from the Sanctum itself. To restart that process would be… a waste of potential.” 


Stephen’s brows shot up. “I had no idea that was possible,” he admitted. Of course, he had felt the almost overwhelmingly strong magical energy of the New York Sanctum from the moment he had step a foot inside, but he had never imagined part of his job was to become one with that energy. 


Wong raised a brow. “I know you have felt the energy in this Sanctum, Stephen,” the man said with a smirk. “The Sanctum accepted you the minute the Ancient One handed the reins over to you. If you were to access the astral plane here, or even just deeply meditate, you will find the Sanctum more than willing to open itself up to you.” 


“But why wouldn’t the London Sanctum accept Minoru’s second, then?” Stephen asked confused. 


“Becaus
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Nebula & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Kate Bishop

freeform: 
Friends to Lovers
Trust Issues
learning how to parent
Extremis Tony Stark
BAMF Tony Stark
not very team cap friendly
super bucky friendly tho
Post-Captain America: Civil War (Movie)
Pre-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
Fix-It of Sorts
Strangefamily
Space Shenanigans

fandom: 
Tony Stark/Stephen Strange
Carol Danvers/James "Rhodey" Rhodes
Nebula & Tony Stark
Peter Parker & Tony Stark
Harley Keener & Tony Stark
Clint Barton/Kate Bishop

