Chapter 1: Part 1 - Prologue + Chapter One: Steve Rogers
    


Summary:

You meet Steve Rogers for the first time.



Notes:

          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          




Chapter Text


You stood outside the Catholic church, frozen, staring, contemplating going in. It was early — Sunday morning during service. It was cold enough outside that the wind bit at your cheeks, but not quite cold enough that you would have remembered to wear gloves. You stood there for a long time, your legs itching to move yet refusing to walk forward even one step.This was the third time you had done this. The past two weeks, early Sunday morning, you would walk down the streets of Hell’s Kitchen to the first church you could find, then you would stand outside for an hour or so, never going in. Normally, you left before the service ended, and before its patrons could find you hovering outside their doors.But this time, this time you stayed. You thought you might go in, that maybe there would be a better chance if someone struck up a conversation with you, asked you about yourself, your life. Maybe they would want to show you the ways of their God, introduce you to their — what? Priest? Pastor? What was the Catholic term? Father?So you stayed as the people began trickling outside as the service ended. Nobody paid much attention to you, you who stared up at the church as if it could give you what you needed. The church was stoic and quiet and said nothing. How disappointing.“Are you lost?”The voice did not belong to the church but rather to the man who was now standing next to you. As you turned your head to face him, you registered the red-tinted shades he wore on that gloomy, cloudy morning, and the white cane in his hands. You gave him a gentle smile and a shake of your head.“No,” you replied. Your voice was soft and quiet as you said next under your breath, “Not physically, anyway.” Your eyes returned to the church’s, begging for  something .The man must have had a great sense of hearing, because he responded to the addition in a kind tone. “Ah. You’re lost spiritually. Lost in life.”Slightly bewildered, you turned to him again. He adjusted his glasses and shifted on his feet. “I didn’t mean to intrude on your. . .contemplation. Blindness happens to do wonders for one’s hearing, you know.”You couldn’t help it. Your mind had a tendency to. . .wander. You slipped into his head like it was nothing.His memories were strange. You had never been in the mind of someone who was blind before. It was filled with sounds and smells and tastes and touches. But thoughts are always the same. His name was Matt Murdock. He was a lawyer. Most interestingly, he was the Devil of Hell’s Kitchen.The intrusion only took a second before you forced yourself to pull away. “It’s okay,” you replied to his previous statement. “You’re not wrong.” Once again your attention found itself on the church. Tears stung your eyes but refrained from blurring your vision. “I don’t know what to do,” you whispered. “I thought I’d seek a higher power. I thought maybe I could find what I’m looking for here.” You knew from you trip inside his mind that he was a compassionate individual. If anyone could point you in the right direction, maybe he could.“And what is it that you’re looking for?” he asked.You searched for an answer before finally settling on one. “Forgiveness.”A silence washed over you both as he seemed to be taking in your response, your tone, your reluctance to go inside. It didn’t take him long to come to a conclusion. “You don’t think you deserve it.” It wasn’t a question.You didn’t bother to explain why. “No.”He twisted his white cane in his hands. “You know, God gives forgiveness for those who ask for it. Seeking redemption is the first step to deserving it.”This time you shifted your body to face him rather than turning just your head. “Do you really believe that? Do you really believe that anyone can be forgiven?”He took a moment to answer. “Yes, I do.”You gave him a small, sad smile. Your head shook to the side. “You’re lying.”The corners of his lips pulled down slightly, his eyebrows knitting together. He opened his mouth, but you spoke first.“It was nice meeting you, Matt.”You left him standing in front of the church that you didn’t go in. You had the confirmation you needed. Now all you needed to do was live with the answer. (He never told you his name.) 
 
Two and a Half Years Ago
 Desperately, you searched through your boxes of things, trying to find your pens and paper. It had been three days since you had moved to Washington, DC, and you were to start your new job tomorrow. Well,  new  wasn’t the right word for it. Your job had asked if you could transfer from New York to Washington, and you had been more than happy to agree. You needed a fresh start. New York was. . .well. . . .You had moved from your home to New York. You thought that would be a fresh start, too. What you found instead was a breeding ground for enhanced pe
[starting tags]
relationship: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
Steve Rogers & Reader
Matt Murdock & Reader

freeform: 
None
fandom: 
James "Bucky" Barnes/Reader
James "Bucky" Barnes & Reader
Steve Rogers & Reader
Matt Murdock & Reader

