Chapter 1: Prologue
    




Chapter Text

"It was the only way. We're in the endgame now."
Peter watched in horror as Doctor Strange turned to dust and blew away in the winds of the alien planet -- a freaking alien planet! -- just like Quill, just like the big bald gray dude, that biotech girl, the pretty girl with the antennae - god, why couldn't he remember their names? Not that it mattered. They were gone. They were all gone. Except one. For now."Mr. Stark!"Stark whipped around, a look of fear and relief and disbelief plastered on his face. He came running to Peter."Pete?! Kid, you okay?" As soon as Mr. Stark was in arm's reach, his hands were all over him, his face, his back, his arms and torso, checking him up and down for injuries, making sure he was still solid."They just, they just disappeared, Mr. Stark, I don't know what happened? What happened? Where'd they go? Where'd the big guy go?" Oh, god, he was hyperventilating. He was babbling and hyperventilating and on an alien planet and people had just turned to dust and--Stark wrapped his arms around Peter and held him close."It's okay," he said. "It's okay. Just stay with me, Pete. Stay with me." It was impossible to tell if he was trying to calm Peter or begging him to not disappear like the rest, but as they clung to each other in the setting sun, Peter began to feel a calmness, or at least something that passed for it, wash over him. His mind stopped humming over everything that had just happened and everything that could still happen and mercifully deposited him in the present, where he could feel the warmth of Mr. Stark's body, the scratch of his chin against his cheek, the...sticky hole in his shirt that crusted at the edges?"Mr. Stark, are you...are you hurt?" Stark pulled away and began examining himself."Not too bad, anymore," he said. "I think that was part of Strange's deal. How are you?""I'm okay, I think." Peter looked around the area. They were surrounded by dirty rocks and crumbled buildings, not to mention the utterly trashed doughnut they'd landed in. "How are we going to get home?""I don't know," Stark said, "but that seems like a good place to start." Peter followed his gaze across the way to a lump coated in orange dust. He squinted at it an took a few steps closer until he saw the the lines of a ship, waiting for them. It was in bad shape. When they reached it, they'd realized that practically all the mechanics in the cockpit were fried, there were breaches in the hull, they were pretty sure the anti-gravity mechanism was broken, and the ship was low on power.After they'd assessed the damage, they'd gone through the vessel, taking inventory. About the only thing it had going for it were some reasonably comfortable bunks, plenty of food and an odd collection of supplies and spare parts to pilfer as they tried to make repairs. One room in particular seemed likely to yield good bounty. Part bedroom, part cargo hold, it contained boxes and shelves full of wires and cables and power supplies, technology Peter had never seen, and an odd collection of prosthetic limbs.He'd just pulled a box from a shelf and was gingerly poking through what looked like animatronic eyeballs, trying to imagine in what possible way they could be helpful, when the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end. He'd learned to trust his spidey sense, and when it said to jump, he didn't hesitate.Peter went into an immediate backflip, higher than he'd done in awhile unassisted and when his feet touched the ceiling his hand reached down, snagging a large glass jar full of green powder just before it toppled off a high shelf as Mr. Stark was pulling a box down."Jesus!""Nope, just Peter."Stark stared up at him, clearly startled by a suddenly upside-down teenager inches from his face."What the hell, kid?""This was about to fall on you, and it looked pretty heavy." Peter turned the jar over in his hands, and - oh - with one hand tightly holding the lid in place he released from the ceiling, flipping down to the floor and landing in an easy crouch. "And I don't think that would have been good."One large piece of tape was carefully placed near the top with "SEX POLLEN" neatly written in large letters. A less neatly placed piece of tape beneath that read "DO NOT TOUCH." And beneath that, several strips were haphazardly stuck to the jar creating a big enough space for the angrily scrawled "I mean it, this is worth more than all you losers combined, STAY OUT!!"
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

freeform: 
Getting to know you
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
Varying degrees of dubcon
First Time
Blow Jobs
Rough Sex
Gentle Sex
Sex Pollen
Post-Avengers: Infinity War Part 1 (Movie)
life on a spaceship
friends to something

fandom: 
Peter Parker/Tony Stark

