Chapter 1: Chapter One
    




Chapter Text
Peter was having a bad day, but then again when did he ever have a good day. His infamous Parker Luck™ never failed to make sure that something went wrong, and today that thing was a field trip.	Don’t get him wrong, he loves field trips, any excuse to get out of Midtown High School was a blessing, but the location for this field trip wasn’t ideal, to say the least.	Mr Harrington announced, “Next week we’re going on a field trip to Stark Industries!” The whole class broke out into cheers, well everyone except Peter and MJ. Peter because he was going over every horrible possible problem that this could create, and MJ because she was too busy sketching his face in her Crisis Journal to care for anything else.	Ned elbowed Peter in his side and whispered, “This is going to be so fun! Why do you look so down? You can finally show me your lab that you’ve been telling me about!”	Ah, yes, his lab. Since the Vulture incident, him and Mr Stark have developed a sort of friendship. It all started when he was looking at some of Peter’s concept designs and equations he had made, Mr Stark said that they were pretty good, and before Peter knew it, his internship at SI had become real.	Due to Peter living kind of close to the old Avengers tower and nowhere near the new place he had bought, Mr Stark bought the old tower again and simply made it another SI laboratory or office space (depending on which floor you’re on).	Working at SI was thrilling, Mr Stark had let him have his own lab so he could work on some new gadgets for his alter-ego, Spider-man, without the fear of being discovered. Peter enjoyed SI more than he could ever express, so that wasn’t the problem, the problem was Flash. Flash liked to torment Peter and tease him about his Internship, which according to him, was completely fake. Peter knew that if he went on the trip that Flash would inevitably bully Peter in the tower, which would let FRIDAY (Tony’s AI) know about it, which would lead to Mr Stark knowing about it.	And if he didn’t go on the trip then Flash could tell everyone that he was lying and he’d probably be known as either Penis Parker or a liar for the rest of high school.
It was a lose-lose situation.	The bell rang, forms were handed out, and Flash wouldn’t shut up. “Hey, Penis Parker, you ready for everyone to see what a liar you are!” Peter rolled his eyes and Ned simply gave him a sad expression. Ned hated it when Flash called Peter names but was often too scared of his wrath to say anything.	“It’s fine Ned, let’s just go to your house and finish the LEGO Millennium Falcon we’re building,” Peter consoled his friend, who perked up at the thought of rebuilding the 7541 pieced beauty.	Ned agreed to the plan and soon the two friends were at Ned’s with a half-built spaceship sitting between them and a plate of cookies beside them. “Are you going to go on the trip?” Ned asked Peter as he worked on the interior of the ship.	Peter played with the pieces in his hands, “I think I’ll have to if I don’t go Flash will never leave me alone.”	Nodding in agreement, Ned added, “Plus this way maybe one of the Interns you work with will feed him a new one and put him in his place.” Peter looked to his friend and registered his words, “And then we could go to your lab and I could help with the coding on the new electronic web grenade you’re creating.” 	Peter liked that idea, Ned was the computer genius of the two, if anyone could make his new designs work, it would be his best friend Ned. “Okay, okay, I’ll go!” he decided.
The two celebrated his decision before getting back to work, the Millennium Falcon wasn’t going to build itself after all.	Next week soon became this week, and then this week became today. Peter handed in his permission slip to Mr Harrington, which May had signed earlier that morning after scolding Peter for giving it to her so late, and then sat in the bus next to Ned. MJ plopped down behind them and opened her book to read after commenting to Ned how nerdy he was being.	The bus took off down the streets of Queens and soon everyone was excitedly chattering about the trip. 	“I hope we see Captain America!” a girl told her friend.	Her friend then argued, “No way, he’s too patriotic for me, I hope we see Thor. Gods, he is so hot.”	MJ piped up, getting fed up with the gossip, “What are you guys talking about? We’re going to Stark Industries, to see inventions, not the Avengers.” She then hummed to herself, “What are the odds of the Avengers seeing us there anyways? They probably don’t even know we exist”  MJ looked him straight in the eyes for that, knowing that he was Spiderman and that the Avengers did, in fact, know all about him.	“Well, Penis Parker says he knows Tony Stark and Spiderman, maybe he could introduce us,” Flash snorted, “ oh ya, he can’t. Because he’s lying!”	Peter sunk down into his seat and stared out the window. Today was going to be a long day.
[starting tags]
relationship: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

freeform: 
Field Trip
Stark Tower
Stark Industries
Precious Peter Parker

fandom: 
Peter Parker & Tony Stark

